B00000ICD9|5.0|This movie is fantastic.  Absolutely original when it comes to views of the afterlife.  Robin William plays the part of Christy very well; in fact, I couldn't imagine any other actor playing the part.  A movie about  soulmates, an area that not alot of romance movie had covered.  The visuals  will take your breath away, especiall the heaven scene.  This is a movie  that has touched my heart and will remain on my all time great library.
1573226521|4.0|I lived in South of Thailand for one year, back in 1992 and this book was for me highly intriguing. All Garland says about young Westerners travelling in Asia is absolutely REAL. The feelings, the landscapes, the  dreams I remind from my experience have been suddenly resurrected by this  novel. The plot is ordinary and samples the Apocalypse Now mythology but  anyway if you want a book that you cannot wait to finish reading, buy The  Beach.
0800103661|4.0|I think that Gattica had a great plot and was very realistic.  Unlike some science fiction films which are very unrealistic.  I don't like movies where you can spot the benting of the laws of phisics (no I am NOT a nerd  its just annoying) also it wasn't about space wars it was a underprivleged  person who does what he can to accomplish his dream.  The only falt I had  with the movie is that it took 2 years to make it for sale.
0425107469|5.0|Dean Koontz has taken a basic story idea and added twists and turns like I have never seen!  This one is a must!  A rare blend of horror, romanace, and mystery it is a thriller!
0790701251|5.0|Stanley Kubrick's film is straight-up, hard-core, hard charger material.  I think those who have not been through the boot camp experience cannot have a full appreciation for this film.  Upon reading the other reviews, I  noticed it was either love it or hate it for the most part.  The film does  lack the storyline of 'Saving Private Ryan', however you are comparing  apples to oranges here.  That is the beauty of this film.  No happy ending,  no contemporary drama BS to get in the way of its in-your-face presentation  of the Vietnam horror story our boys went through. Absolutely masterful.   Six stars.
B000007S5B|5.0|jim  morrison , was the  greatest  vocalist , that  ever  lived  . the  doors  was a ,  band before thier time . people  did&quot;nt  know  how to  take  the music. the hole  band was  great ,  thier  will  . never  be   another  doors . so  we  should all appreciate thier music . cause  thats   all we have  left . now . pay  tribute to jim d. morrison robby krieger   ray  manzarek and  john densmore
0385493800|5.0|John Grisham out did himself with this book.  I was spell bound throughout the book.  I felt like I was actually there experiencing this adventure of finding the unknown daughter.<br />This is one of Grisham's best.
6305428220|5.0|The faculty is one of the greatest films of all time. It out does scream for plot and originality. I was seriously on the edge of my seat the entire time. Despite being fairly herrific this film still manages to send shivers  down ones spine the gore enhances the film no end and you start to wonder  if this is vying for goriest film ever. Trust me you must see this film.
B00000DI2T|5.0|These recordings by Bernstein are truly seminal in the Mahler discography. The live recordings capture Bernstein's unparalleled energy and insight into Mahler's music, and even the analogue recording of the Eighth  possesses a certain opulence of sound. The recordings capture the shimmer  of Vienna's Musikverein Hall, and project a certain raw emotion fitting to  the Mahler canon. While there exist several other wonderful sets of the  Symphonies in various stages of completion (Walter, von Karajan, Kubelik,  and the excellent Tennstedt recordings) this last set of Bernstein's stands  above all the rest. The inclusion of the songs and Das Lied von der Erde  make this an even more attractive option, as nearly all of Mahler's  published music is included. It is significant, however, that the 10th in  its various reconstructions is not included, only the Adagio first  movement. For this, we have the Rattle recording and the more recent  Slatkin recording of the Mazzelli version. This aside, if one were to  purchase a complete set of Mahler, this is surely the one, for its depth of  insight, lustrous sound, and sheer emotional power are unequaled on record.
B000002J1M|5.0|I first bought this album about a month after it came out.  I already owned Nursery Cryme and loved &quot;Return of the Giant Hogweed&quot; and &quot;Harold the Barrel&quot; so much that I knew this follow up had to be  good.  What an understatement!  This album showed incredible musical growth  (if somewhat damaged by poor studio production).  In Time Table one hears  the melodic emphasis that marked &quot;Genesis to Revelation&quot;, almost  to a point you might call it &quot;pop&quot;.  Fast forward to Can Utility  and the Coastliners and hear the solid thud of Collins (when he had some  hair left) and Rutherford as the repetitive rhythm under magical chord  changes foreshadows what Genesis would become on later works like Selling  England by the Pound and Trick of the Tail.  Throw in a short masterpiece  by Steve Hackett (badly marred by poor recording) and finish of your  musical meal with Supper's Ready, perhaps the greatest single work ever  recorded by a band in the rock era.  The delicious talents of Gabble  Ratchet in 6/8 time are prominently displayed as is the virtuosic talent of  all the member of this former song-writing collective.  All in all, despite  the technical problems with the recording, it is an album which features  poignancy, satire, political commentary, and sociological insight.  All  beautifully packaged in impeccable musicianship.  An absolute  &quot;must&quot; for any record collection.
B000006GDB|4.0|Inferno is a film that will drive you mad if you try to attach too much significance to it. Just enjoy it. It's visually stimulating, violent in Argento's theatrical way, and full of his usual eccentricities. The  underwater scene is stunning as is the alchemist in the basement part. Far  more surreal than Suspiria, Inferno creates an intense mood. Don't ruin it  with overinterpretation.
0380713802|5.0|One of the funniest travel books I know. Bryson sets off solo, intent on recapturing the spirit of a long-ago college-era trek around Europe, covering the breadth of the &quot;continent&quot; in 21 brief chapters. His  dry and droll observations on architecture, national character and local  custom are so good I took to underlining them. Even if you aren't a travel  book reader, try this, it is so damn funny, anyone should enjoy it.
B00000B93L|4.0|I have to admit that I bought this CD just because of a 10 minute clip on some girl's webpage.  It only took me a few times listening to the album before I totally fell in love it.  These songs are not what Duran Duran  usually do, but I still love the songs.  They are so unusual that they are  just cool to listen to.  I recommend this to anyone!
6302968135|5.0|It was the best movie to which it showed the struggle of a young Mexican-American. I believe that all family should watch the movie.
630204135X|5.0|&quot;Persona&quot; is, without question, a difficult film to digest, not only because of it's unpleasant subject matter but because of it's pace and starkness.  The story of an actress who's had a nervous breakdown and  rendered mute and the nurse who cares for her, is a quiet, yet terrifying  glimpse into madness.  Alone on a desolate vacation island, these two  women, beautifully played by Liv Ullman as the actress and Bibi Andersson  as her nurse become virtual prisoners of their own psyches and fears.   Ullman utters not a word in the entire film, but her performance is as  convincing as that of Andersson, if not more because we are constantly left  to wonder what or who is haunting her thoughts.  It is my opinion that the  dominant and submissive nature of these characters are meant to represent  Bergman's vision of schizophrania. The scene where the screen is split in  two with only half of the actresses face in view, as though melding  together, each assuming the other's traits, further illustrates my theory.   There are two minor, if important, roles, but 90% of the film is populated  solely by the two aforementioned actresses.   The stark cinematography and  stretches of silence only add to the sense of hopelessness and despair.   Definitely not a cheery, light piece of cinema.  Those suffering from  depression are advised to avoid it like the plague.  But those that enjoy  intellegent, challenging films, look no further. One of Bergman's greatest  films.
0060977493|5.0|Incredibly beautiful, sad. Unbelievable that this is a first novel. The language is beautiful, the characters unforgettable and the structure really clever: When the book starts, 23 years have past since the tragic  events took place. We return to various stages in the past, and slowly,  like a jigsaw puzzle, assemble the whole sad and tragic story.<br />It's a  very emotional, very vibrant book. I can understand that readers who prefer  a bit more distance, might find this a bit too full on. I loved it!
6303567126|5.0|This movie is so amazing. I should have bought it sooner! Seeing as how now I can't get it because someone related a less than 5 minute long scene to the Colombine High School shooting. Give me a break! I have viewed that  scene along with with the whole movie hundreds of times and have yet to  kill innocents. People are a little too idiotic sometimes. Everyone should  have a chance to buy this movie if they want to! I will search hard to find  it!
6300216268|5.0|Does anyone know if there is a video version in &quot;letterbox&quot; (i.e. original theater aspect ratio). I'm sure the &quot;pan and scan&quot; misses a lot, and that's the only version I found, even on laser. Will it  be released on DVD?
B00000AFWW|4.0|Good lyrics, numerous hits, good achievement for Hole
6300151379|5.0|I would buy this video in a heartbeat. Add me to the list and consider this a petition!
6305311463|5.0|I really enjoyed watching the first edition DVD of Armageddon, but when I bought Armageddon: Criterion Collection I realized it just didn't compare. The Criterion Collection added all the things that a true movie buff likes:  <br />-Production Notes -Storyboards -Commentaries -Gag reals  -THE DIRECTOR'S  CUT!!!!!!<br />The gag real alone is worth the extra money. If you would like  a taste, try this one for size.<br />The real line was: (Billy Bob Thornton's  Voice) &quot;We bring the world's best deep core driller.&quot;<br />The gag  real line is: (Billy Bob Thorton's Voice) &quot;We bring in Bruce Willis,  the best deep core driller in my a##.&quot;<br />The rest you'll have to see  for yourself.  I guarantee that it is well worth it.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher has been an Oscar winner, written a book, had her own TV show and, of course, had a top 10 song in the last 4 decades.  &quot;Believe&quot; is nothing less than the excellence we have come to expect from her.  The  title song is one that will get you dancing even 6 months later.  And  &quot;All or Nothing&quot; and &quot;Strong Enough&quot; are in the same #1  hit league.  I look for this CD to be on the charts for many more weeks.
B000009EAD|5.0|Iced Earth has definitely come of age.Something Wicked continues where The Dark Saga left off.(creatively, not content). Matthew Barlow has one of the best voices in metal and yes he does sound like James Hetfield but  comparisons can only make you wonder what could have been had Metallica  gone in a different direction. Barlow has a very soulful, at times,  mournful quality that lends itself perfectly on songs like Melancholy (Holy  Martyr) and Consequences. The Something Wicked Trilogy alone is worth the  price.I can understand where fans of Korn or Napalm Death wouldn't like  this CD, it's the real deal. I just can't understand being a fan of Korn or  Napalm Death.
6305311463|4.0|this movie delivers EXACTLY what it promises! dazzling efx, great sound, and a lot of thrills. if the idea of an asteroid &quot;whooshing&quot; through space turns you off then you need to sell your dvd player and watch  the learning channel for excitement!
B000002P2W|5.0|It's great to read that fans are finally coming around to this album. &quot;Tommy&quot; and &quot;Who's Next&quot; are more innovative. &quot;Quadrophenia&quot; is more ambitious, and &quot;The Who Sell Out&quot; is funnier, but this is the Who album that means the most to me. Maybe that's because the paranoia and frustration behind songs like &quot;How Many Friends&quot; and &quot;Dreaming from the Waist&quot; connect more profoundly than the utopian ideals behind &quot;Baba O' Riley&quot; and even &quot;Pinball Wizard.&quot;<BR>The band may not sound as thunderous as they did in the early '70s, but John's astounding bass, Keith's Elvin-Jonesesque eruptions and Roger's best-ever vocals complement Pete's introspective vision perfectly.<BR>As for Pete's writing, it's as effective as &quot;Babylon Revisited&quot; in describing one's attempt to live amid the shadows of past glories. Unlike his later songs, he's able to convey conflicting feelings with effective simplicity. Perhaps such a tone is too painful to evoke; since then, he hasn't come close to describing inner turmoil this successfully.
B000002KH3|5.0|When I first heard this album back in 1978 I was blown away. I asked my cousin who played the album, &quot; Who is that dude playing guitar?? It was explosive!! I never heard such a unique style of guitar playing before.  Combine that with the rest of the band and you have an atomic bomb of a  release here. If you enjoy metal music like myself this is a must for your  collection. The songs that fit that category are, &quot; I'm the one, On  fire, Atomic punk, and Eruption!! The rest of the tracks are hard driving,  pure heavy duty rock &amp; roll with the ONLY exception being &quot;Jamies  crying which I thought was more of a bubble gum tune. The track &quot;  Little dreamer is in a class by itslf, reflecting on the band's versitivity  as their first rock ballad. Without a doubt this release is the BEST Van  Halen EVER!!!!! A must for all rock &amp; roll and metal fans!!! BUY IT,  it's worth every cent you paid for it. I would put it at the top of the 10  BEST rock &amp; roll releases of all time!!!!
B00000IGGA|5.0|This may be the best album Tom Waits has ever made.  It combines the radical stuff of the recent past with the poetry and beauty of early stuff like The Heart of Saturday Night, with phenomenal results.  The first time  I heard the cut that is on the radio (Hold On) I was instantly transported  to the days of my youth, driving across the country listening to  &quot;Shiver me Timbers&quot; and &quot;The heart of Saturday night&quot;.   I got the CD, expecting something pretty good, and from the first beat of  the first track, it blew me away.  I don't understand why the vodka voice  and down and out routine still work, (or for that matter, why they ever  did) but they do.  In fact, his voice often sounds now more like an  experimental instrument than it did in the early days. And it can be  hilarious too.  Being old enough to remember when stereos made  &quot;hi-fi's&quot; sound outmoded, I especially enjoyed the track where he  has a recording of scratchy record noise...the chickens are a good touch  too. Anyone who has ever been a Tom Waits fan should run, not walk, out and  get this one immediately.
B00000DR8R|5.0|I can't believe no-one's posted a review here on this excellent album. Listen to it to evoke images of dark clubs and red wine and slow dancing with your honey... this is one of my all-time favorites.
078322706X|1.0|I fail to see why this film has captured so many people's attention.  Horrible pacing (3 hours? It's called &quot;editing;&quot; try it) and shoddy characterization don't go a long way to create a memorable drama.  A  couple minor characters have a few good lines.  Pitt is tolerable, at times  even effective, but overall the viewer can't get close enough to the film  to care.  And it's not just that it's bloated at three hours running time.   Long movies are fine if they deliver the goods and merit the viewer's  investment.  Long movies that could be trimmed back by 45 or 50  minutes--but AREN'T--are usually turkeys. I mean, what WAS that &quot;love  scene&quot; between Pitt and Forlani (forlorn)?? Felt like forever and they  both looked like they shot heroin during it. If I want that, I'll rent  Permanent Midnight (a much better flick). Sheesh. Maybe with a couple  casting changes this could have been fun.  How about Richard Beltzer  (Homicide) as Death and Roseanne as Susan Parrish?  NOW all those peanut  butter scenes will have some verve!  No mas.
B000002LEU|4.0|I bought this album years ago and still enjoy pulling it off the shelf every now and then. Contains the beautifully haunting &quot;Atmosphere&quot; and the minor hit &quot;Love Will Tear us  Apart&quot;.
0679735909|5.0|So romantic, so learned ...and all that.  But above all WHAT A PAGETURNER!  <br />I so wanted to see what the truth behind the documents was!!  <br />I saw a few comments below that suggest it was hard to keep reading, but I did  not find that at all.  HIGHLY recommended!
B000001Y5J|4.0|Trent uses some great guitar riffs on this one, especially on Last (which totally shreds) but  does not neglect the synth on Happiness in Slavery, a truly cool tune with good beats and a curiously harmonic chorus leading  into a cacaphony of sound later revisited by Trent on the Closer singles,  Further Down the Spiral, and the Lost Highway soundtrack. The only problem  with this disc (and it is a problem) is that it is too short. Help Me I am  in Hell is itself an almost acoustic, introspective masterpiece... but it  is scarcely over a minute long. Frustrating, but worth it as long as you  listen to it a couple of times. The 'hidden' tracks at the end (suck and  too physical) are fair to good, but suck only really gets cool toward the  end.
6304936303|5.0|Bruce Willis and Damon Wayans provide an excellent tag team duo of entertaining violence and wit.  Original story line, clever screen play, sarcasm and clever one lines abundant.  Quality entertainment, humorous and  compelling.
0553108034|4.0|This book is a HIT as far as I am concerned.  It is exciting, well-written, contains good descriptions, good character development, follow-up on events from differing perspectives, etc.  There are characters  I love to hate:  the Queen-Mother/Regent,  needs to be slapped, Jaime  should just be hung up-side-down from the highest raftesr and tough luck to  Little-Miss-Former-Betrothed stuck in the palace!  And when that &quot;priestess&quot; in  red  squatted and &quot;gave birth&quot; to that shadow thing... well, that was  just NASTY.  This story is so well written that one can get jiggy with it;   get into it;  get down with it... enjoy it and feel moved by what is going  on in it. As much as I liked the story and the writing, I didn't give it 5  stars because it peeves me that one can read a book series (the first two)  of over 1,500 pages and there still is no end !  I have patience for a part  three, but if this goes the way most stories are going these days, even  that will not be the end of it.    Lighten-Up George R.R. Martin! my purse  is not endless. But, I guess that is the way of it for ALL fantasy novels.   So be it.  But, I don't like it. Really, why not finish it? Before I took  up book #1,  I was sitting here wondering, should I even begin this series  or wait until I see how many additional episodes it will take to finish it  all?  Will this be a trilogy?  Four books? 8 and still going on like  Jordan's? .. hmmm... how many books does it take to finish it!!! Anyway, I  have no choice.  I am hooked now.  I love Jon Snow, I love the character  development with Bran, Tyrion and I was sick to my heart when Homey, the  Lord Stark, got beheaded.  And what's up with people not understanding that  dead people are getting up and walking around in the Northlands?  If there  were any Brothers in the story, I can tell you that there would be instant  belief that this was possible and there would be an immediate mass  migration South.   By the way, where is the missing direwolf that got  shooed away so she wouldn't get killed for attacking Joffery?  I like the  whole Dire Wolf thing.  That works for me.   Anyway.. this is a  fun read.   Buy this book.
B000001FDE|4.0|Jessica is one of the all time great instrumentals.  Listen to it over and over, it never gets old.  Ramblin' Man got radio airplay when this album was released, but Jessica is definitely the finest work on Brothers and  Sisters.
B000002H3E|5.0|Great songs written and played by Don and George. If you are into power rock and ballads, then please sample all of their other albums as well. PURE ROCK KNAC salutes to DOKKEN! Rock On!
B000002KHB|5.0|Locked in a special vault in the Recording Industry of America building is an original recording of &quot;Smoke on the Water&quot;.  It is used like the original kilogram weight in Paris.  The Kilogram defines all other  weights in the world.  Likewise, when a new heavy metal piece is released,  it is compared to the original standard, Smoke on the Water.  Smoke on the  Water defined heavy metal music.
0783225970|5.0|Honestly, the best movie ever made. The final scene is possibly the greatest moment in flim history. For hip hop fans, see the movie that has inspired songs from Kool G. Rapp, Nas to Ice Cube.
0385493800|1.0|I am an avid reader and with an undergraduate major and a masters degree in English I have read many a novel. Without a doubt, The Testament is one of the all-time worst stories I have ever had the misfortune of reading. I  don't want you to think I'm saying this because I don't like Grisham's  style. Some of my all-time favorite books have been written by John  Grisham; but about half way through this one I almost stopped reading it.
B00000DD1S|5.0|These recordings have long been a milestone in my personal understanding of jazz, ever since finding a used-bin vinyl of the original &quot;Greenwich Village&quot; (great psychedelic cover) in my teens and  being totally blown away and inspired, just as when I first heard Coltrane.  While that disc contained the most memorable themes here, it's amazing to  experience the sessions in their entirety, with much better sound. The  Texas correspondent who faults Ayler's technical ability is missing the  point: even if he's right (and I disagree - Ayler is playing exactly as he  intends to), who cares? This music isn't about chops, but expression. Along  with Trane's Complete Village Vanguard box, this was the most important  (and overdue) live jazz reissue of '98.
6304936346|4.0|Actually, this is a pretty good movie, even if it's half-complete.  Natalie Wood's death may have put a dent in the film, but this film scared the hell out of me, and it still gives me the chills every time I see it!   The effects and thematic elements are amazing, and some scenes are among  the scariest scenes in film history!  I'll always be scared by the scene  where Mike Brace finds the tape with the &quot;Psychotic Episode&quot;, and  the guy administers the warning and counts to 5.  At that point in the  film, I felt trapped and frightened to death.  I don't know if that is how  the scene is supposed to work, but it worked that way for me.  I love this  movie!  And I highly recommend it to people who likes special effects  movies that can provoke you and scare you!
B000002H33|5.0|A classic.  Although it's metal, this album should be considered one of the best pieces of music ever composed and arranged (classical music not-withstanding).  A pure and un-adulterated heavy-metal symphony.
6304211740|4.0|I must admit my eyebrows went up when I saw the pairing for Franco Zeffirelli's &quot;Jane Eyre&quot;. William Hurt certainly didn't seem a likely Rochester and Charlotte Gainsbourg was an unknown quality. But the  pairing works, at least in this version.<br />Zeffirelli emphasizes the dark  aspect of Charlotte Bronte's story, an aspect too often neglected. Hurt is  obviously a man living with painful thoughts and Gainsbourg has a quiet,  strong presence. Zeffirelli might have used more voice-overs; they would  have clued the audience in on what the characters were going through. As is  is, unless one is familiar with the book, you may have to guess. Another  flaw is the &quot;rushed&quot; ending; surely the director could have added  a few more minutes to tie up all the loose ends and let the viewer enjoy  the conclusion.<br />Bottom line on this version is that you'll appreciate its  virtues all the more if you've read the book. And why no soundtrack??
B0000067L2|5.0|From the staccato funky guitar grooves of &quot;Strange Brew&quot; and &quot;Outside Woman Blues&quot; (almost the same riff in reverse), and the power-rock jam of &quot;Sunshine of Your Love&quot;, to the ethereal  &quot;Dance the Night Away&quot; and the dreary plodding blues of  &quot;Blue Condition,&quot; Disraeli Gears exemplifies all that is  psychedelic '67. The melancholy sweetness of &quot;World of Pain&quot; and  the hard-edged wah-wah of &quot;Tales of Braves Ulysses&quot; are also  standouts in their stark contrasts. This album is the beginning of the  Bruce/Brown writing blitz, and they deliver some very different and unusual  songs. Take away the Clapton guitar and &quot;Swlabr&quot; wouldn't be out  of place on Bruce's progressive and musically ambitious albums Harmony Row  or Songs for a Tailor. &quot;Take It Back&quot; is a straight ahead  blues-based rythm that showcases Bruce's skills on the harmonica.  &quot;We're Going Wrong&quot; is a dreamy vocal masterpiece that  simultaneously highlights Ginger Baker's powerful and insistent drumming  and Jack Bruce's unique and almost operatic tenor. Indeed, it is perhaps  the startling quality of the musicianship that steals the show. Ginger  Baker, still the greatest drummer in the world, has rarely played better,  and every song is filled with a new innovation on the drums, bass, or  guitar, combining classic blues with complex rythms, unusual sounds,  irresistable riffs, and meaningful lyrics. Besides that, it just rocks.  Disraeli Gears transports you to another world in the same way Sergeant  Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and all other good psychedelic albums do.  In fact, I could almost see an animated movie, much in the same style as  Yellow Submarine, based on this album and the band. Arguably Cream's best  and most cohesive album of the four released during the band's lifetime,  the only nit to pick is the oddly novelty-oriented &quot;Mother's  Lament,&quot; which may have been a jokey good time for the artists  involved but simply doesn't belong on this masterwork of blues-based  psychedelia.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Anyone with anything negative to say about Lauryn or her music don't know what she is about and need to go elsewhere with the negativity. She is an outrageously talented, God-fearing woman who is getting her positive  messages out to those who want and need to hear them. God has Lauryn's back  and when He's got it, nothing negative is going to affect her. Lauryn is  not a racist and has said so. Having pride in one's race is not a crime and  her music is here to uplift. As a listener, you have to be in the midset  that Lauryn is in to really understand and appreciate her music. The album  is excellent.
B0000067L3|5.0|Cream's last really deliberate effort in the studio, Wheels of Fire stands out as one of the all-time greatest rock albums, and one of the top ten albums of the sixties. Driven by the singles, &quot;White Room&quot; and  &quot;Crossroads,&quot; this was Cream's first and only number one album  and the first album to be certified platinum, ever. Somewhat less coherent  than Disraeli Gears, due to the increasing division between the band  members, Wheels of Fire could be called Cream's White Album, showing the  band moving off into separate directions with their respective writing  partners and turning up with some surprisingly different, innovative and  original songs. More melancholy and introspective than Disraeli Gears,  Wheels of Fire jams less and grooves more, particularly on the ever topical  &quot;Politician&quot; and the super precise &quot;Sitting On Top of the  World.&quot; Other songs seem like more of a throwback to Fresh Cream, the  dreamy &quot;As You Said&quot; and &quot;Those Were the Days&quot; in  particular. The cello-accented ballad, &quot;Deserted Cities of the  Heart,&quot; is one of Bruce and Brown's best, and there's more than a  touch of strangeness in Baker's amusing and quaint recital of &quot;Pressed  Rat and Warthog.&quot; Eric, sitting out on the song-writing for a while,  makes sure that no one completely forgets the blues, contributing  arrangements of &quot;Born Under A Bad Sign&quot; and  &quot;Crossroads.&quot; On the second disc, the live material, as usual, is  where Cream really shines. It seems as if they picked one song to showcase  each band member, then chose the classic &quot;Spoonful&quot; to highlight  them all. The instrumentation is even more magnificent than ever, showing  incredible precision from all the members, especially Baker, whose drum  solo on the live version of &quot;Toad&quot; is the only drum solo I've  been able to tolerate, let only enjoy. &quot;Crossroads&quot; shows  Clapton's soloing at its best, and&quot;Traintime&quot; features Bruce  nearly passing out during a seven minute blues harp marathon. Listening to  him gasp for breath near the end, yet keep on singing and playing, is to  witness an inspiring sacrifice from an artist truly willing to suffer for  his art. Cream's best album really could be considered a toss up between  this one and Disraeli Gears, but I favor this one marginally because  there's not a single slipup included.
0684833395|1.0|Look, you're a smart person. You know what you like and what you don't like.  Unless of course you say you liked this book.  In which case I rescind my first statement.  Just because some art freak with oily skin and  a funny hat says a book is good, doesn't make it an American classic.  For  lack of a better word, this book sucked.
B0000067L4|3.0|A throwaway album, stitched together from various live performances, a single contribution from each band member, and an old single, this is easily Cream's weakest effort, even considering the band's posthumous Live  Cream and Live Cream Volume II releases. Granted, at the time, the band had  already decided to break up and very considerately decided to give the fans  one last &quot;treat,&quot; but the effect thirty years on is that of a  cheap incoherent mess. The live material is, of course, beyond reproach,  &quot;Politician&quot; (with its tasty, groovy Clapton solo) being the  definitive live version in my book, but of the three new contributions,  only Eric Clapton and George Harrison's &quot;Badge&quot; really stands  out. The instrumentation isn't that great either, Eric's guitar on  &quot;What A Bringdown&quot; is so whiney, it sounds like he's strangling a  cat. &quot;Doing That Scrapyard Thing&quot; is a clunky psychedelic Bruce  number that is probably best forgotten. &quot;Anyone for Tennis,&quot; in  the same way as &quot;Wrapping Paper,&quot; was always a poor choice for a  single as it's not really that engaging a song, despite the incredibly  inventive lyrics. The only thing essential about its inclusion here is that  you can get it on an album. In the end, though, it's the live material that  really saves this record.
0792151712|5.0|ALL OF YOU WHO GAVE THIS ONE STAR, PLEASE READ THIS! I think that this is one of the GREATEST movies of all time. When I went to see this movie for the first time it wasn't because of Leonardo DiCaprio. In fact, I didn't  even know he existed until after the movie. And even then, that wasn't the  reason I loved it. Oh sure, he was cute and his character was convincing,  but it was more the story that intrigued me. It isn't just a story of two  doomed lovers, it's a story about life! Jack and Rose portray all the  struggles you face with love, the triumph you finally reach, struggles even  then, and death that has to come to everybody. Although that seemed to be  the end, James Cameron decided to go even furthur in this film, which was  what I liked, he displayed the heavenly reunion. WATCH IT! And if you hated  it the first time watch it again! This time put aside all your hate for  Leo, how disgusting a scene may be, or whatever grudge you have and  concentrate on the story.<br />P.S. For all of you who are fussing over the  nude scene, consider this. When was the last time you saw a movie with a  good reason for a nude scene?
B00000G3Q4|4.0|Classic film featuring Bruce Campbell (&amp; some other people who die :)  in a cabin in the woods. This film has 2 b seen. Directed by Sam Raimi. Followed by 2 sequels
0790735172|5.0|This has to be THE best martial arts film EVER!  Bruce Lee puts everything into this movie, and it shows.  The fight scenes are brilliant.  Lee was a master, and this movie should be watched by all.  It is a shame that we  have neither Lee nor his son, but their movies live on.
6305095442|5.0|Bruce (aka Ash) returns in part 2 of the series. This is the high point of the trilogy. A masterpiece (even Ebert, who seems 2 hav a vendetta against horror films gave this one a god review, so that should be an indication of  how great this one is). And who could ever 4get the scene where Ash has a  talk with himself after cutting up his girlfriend with a chainsaw.
6304145217|5.0|This is the definitive Romeo &amp; Juliet! It's so brilliantly made. Absolutely stunning. It's so bitter sweet. Olivia Hussey is perfect and Leonard Whiting equals her in this timeless story. One of those extremely  rare films that can bring me to tears...
0375408266|4.0|The Reader was a cut above the yearly crop of books seeking to be more literary than the mass of junk novels.   It dared to take on the unpleasant topics of a psychologically damaging child seduction, Germany's post-war  attempt to live in the dark shadow of the Holocaust and the alienation of  human beings in the midst of society.  The writing is economical, wasting  no words on idle observations.  I found myself brought somewhat hesitantly  into a cold, harsh world, with the two protagonists exhibiting no great  degree of humanity and evoking no warm feelings from me.   My sympathy was  given grugingly and almost with an embarrassment in feeling it.  The only  redeeming character in the story is the daughter-survivor, but even she is  protrayed in a somewhat standoffish, chilly manner.  I felt that the author  wrote from the perspective of the rather overly self-controlled,  self-conscious Germanic  culture, uncomfortable without permitting himself  any deep or unpleasant emotions.   No one cries for the victims in this  story, but that fact alone goes a long way towards understanding the type  of personalities that could perpetrate the greatest evil this world has  ever experienced.
6303686745|5.0|An automated US nuclear attack on the Soviet Union cannot be rescinded - even by the President. Failed circuitry seems to ensure the vaporization of millions of people. As the President struggles for words in an attempt to  persuade the Russian Premeir not to counter-attack, he slowly realizes that  the Russians have no choice. The consequent brokering of humanity is  terrifying. Remade twenty years hence as War Games.
B000002U82|5.0|This is a wonderfully depressing, scary, and emotional, though never enlightening, LP. All Floyd fans and non-fans should own this marvelous piece of music. This sure isn't as good as Supertramp's Crime of the  Century, but it is more touching. My favorite songs are &quot;Us and  Them&quot; &quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Brain Damage&quot;, but i also like  the vocals on &quot;The Great Gig in the Sky&quot;.
6300216268|5.0|At 17yo, Harold remains cloistered in a life of great monetary wealth combined with a poverty of independence. His one guilty pleasure being Frommian necrophilia: he can't let go of death. A telling account is his  inability to take his eyes off of a casket while attending the funeral Mass  of a stranger. Ironically, it is at that service Harold meets Maude. She's  not dour and fatalistic like Harold. Shes not 17 either. It is from Maude  that Harold learns of boundless opportunities that await...should only he  take a chance. Together they embark on a journey; Harold finding peace in  life, and the elderly Maude seeking actualization in death. Cat Stevens'  powerful score brightens up this touchstone black comedy. Truly  magnificent!
B000002AP1|5.0|An atomic blast, utterly ferocious and devastating--do not underestimate this album. It is what every hard-rock/metal/punk album has ever wanted to be. It is the serrated-tooth, gaping maw of death, where one transcends  mere physical existence and becomes a larger, more profound being just by  listening to it. A seething oblivion of roaring, shattering, piercing  guitars and the apocalyptic madness of one Iggy Pop. He is the High Priest  of front men. Imagine the soundtrack for the world in flames, and you have  this album! The shocking energy displayed in the opener, &quot;Search &amp;  Destroy&quot; will fuse your spine--&quot;Somebody gotta save my  soul!&quot; Iggy screams, exhorting his listeners: &quot;Baby detonate for  me! Oww!&quot; Even the songs that slow down--&quot;I Need Somebody&quot;  and &quot;Gimme Danger&quot; only add to the texture and deranged  brilliance of this work. Have there ever been truer words spoken about love  than &quot;Hallucination- ah-true romance/I wanted love but I only lost my  pants uh-huh&quot;? Be so very careful when playing this CD--the new remix  by Iggy himself will frighten you, no matter how many times you've heard it  before. My heart always leaps in my chest when it explodes out of my  stereo. This is why rock'n'roll was created: to terrify, excite, arouse and  hurt you. Throw away your Kiss and Korn and Led Zeppelin albums--this is  what you want!
B000002KIE|5.0|I've listened to this album more than anything I own.  Sure, to kids raised on the Offspring and other bad Epitaph records groups, this might not sound like &quot;punk,&quot; because today all punk sounds the same.   Punk should be about defying expectations, and this record does.  No other  record sounds like it.  It mixes Chuck Berry with the New York Dolls and  the Stooges, and Johnny Rotten has the most seething and angry voice in the  history of rock n' roll.  Steve Jones elevates the style of Johnny Thunders  to new extremes.  The songs aren't that fast (for all you young punkers),  but they sound like they are all scraping metal.  The songs are all out of  tune, dirty, sloppy and simple.  &quot;Anarchy in the UK&quot; and  &quot;God Save the Queen&quot; are probably the best &quot;punk&quot;  singles ever released, while other tracks on the album like &quot;Holidays  in the Sun,&quot; &quot;Problems,&quot; &quot;Seventeen&quot; and  &quot;EMI&quot; are bitter, rebellious and calamitous.  This is one of  those rare albums without a bad cut.  For all those who don't like this  album, listen to something more tame like the Clash (they can actually  &quot;play&quot; their instruments).  Other than the Stooges' &quot;Fun  House,&quot; this was the best album of the 1970's, and hands down the most  important.
0790731894|4.0|Great rescue mission!  One comment.  Should Americans reveal the whole world through this movie our strategies and secrets in countering terrorism on a hijacked airliner?   More than a rated R movie, Executive Decision  should be banned by viewers in parts of the world were terrorism is  rampant. Nevertheless, the movie is entertaining and enjoyable because of  the plot of the rescue is one of its kind especially the shocking landing  of the ill 747 in a small   community airport after series of explosions  from collision to collision with small aircrafts.  Nerve gas on board did  not even react to the explosions after counter terrorists contained it.   Seems that everyone on board survived the landing.  A happy ending.  And  Halle Berry! hmmmm great eye shadow and mascara.
0790729989|5.0|&quot;John Doe has the upper hand!&quot; is a line that you will not forget in this twisted, suspense thriller. Kevin Spacey demonstrates once again why he is one of the best actors in the business. His  unsettling  portrayal of serial killer John Doe will leave you in awe. Turn out the  lights to watch this one of you dare!
B000002H97|5.0|This is the album that really got me into metal.  Before that, I just listened to Techno and Soft Rock (WHAT WAS THE MATTER WITH ME?!!).
6304493738|5.0|I don't know how this movie escaped me for 4 years but I am glad it wasn't 5! Kevin Spacey does not disappoint! This movie floored me at the end in much the same way that &quot;No Way Out&quot; w/Costner did. If you like a  movie with mystery, intrique, and good twist this is a  must see!!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|For some reason I found myself singing and humming to the tunes from this album, that's the first sign of a great album.  <br />Buy it!
0441172717|5.0|Dune is quite simply one of the greatest novels of all times.  If there ever was a book that could transport you to another world -- this is it.  After I had read the last in the Dune series I felt as if I had passed a  milestone in my life.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Oddly enough I like this band, they're music is a great release from our average lives.  I'm not much of a hard rock listener, but THIS WAS GREAT.<br />-Meredith
0780623703|3.0|although the script is dead good, the visual effects and the photography are excellent, the acting is very good - although one should explain me what it is about reese, nothing more than silverstone with a bigger chin-  there is something that keeps it from being great, saw it once but wouldn't  buy it though.
1558903259|5.0|Worn the tape completely out, and need a new copy!  Wonderful score and animation, truly one of Disney's best!!!
0451160916|5.0|The  book is brilliant and the movie is as good the image of a man going beserk works perfectly only a master could write this
B0000020C4|5.0|This was truly a wonderful experience that was completely unexpected. As much as I love musicals I had never seen Les Mis until this video and was totally unprepared for this beautiful moving experience. I watched it three  times in the course of a week and still haven't had enough of the beautiful  music and soul stirring lyrics that are in each and every song. What a  wonderful new discovery I have made in being able to add Les Mis to the top  of my list as by far the best production I have ever had the pleasure of  viewing. The 10th anniversary version has to be the best and as a 1st time  viewer of Les Mis I am so glad this was the version I was introduced to  because I have truly been inspired with each performer and each song and  will for the rest of my life be in love with this beautiful masterpiece.
0790705141|5.0|I am only ten but this film is exelent a exelent director one of the most succesful actors and some great scenes truly exelent
B000002BE9|5.0|I almost bought this cd several times in the past -- I had heard she was good, but always found something better. Then I got hooked on &quot;Criminal&quot;, which is playing quite a lot on the radio. Finally, I  got the cd, and after repeated listenings, I love it! Her husky voice is  quite unusual, and the melodies are great. Particularly like Sleep to  Dream, Slow like Honey and The First Promise.
0060931671|2.0|Reading this book is a painful experience.  But those that manage to slug through this gleaming example of the nadir of 20th century prose will get the occasional chuckle.  I am positive that Pynchon does have something of  value to say, and if you can make it through his unintelligible writing  style and acid-head syntax, I am sure you can find it.
B000002UA2|5.0|This album was produced as soundtrack for the movie La Vallee (The Valley - or its English Tite Obscured by Clouds) was in escence a search for a lost valley by a group of young people, paradise of sorts.  As with most of  Pink Floyd's music it was an experiment, it was recorded in France in a  relatively short period of time, before they started work on Dark Side of  the Moon.  Noteable tracks are Childhood's End and The Gold is...  Recommendable for those unfamiliar with Floyd's earlier experiments - The  movie was also good and worth a view - as the music it depicts a search for  something elusive.
6304539258|4.0|Look carefully: nobody in this can act except the robots and Alec Guiness. Oh sure, it's fun to watch all those spaceships flying around, but don't confuse a mashy retelling of ancient zorastrian myths, taoism, and old  cowboy films with absolute greatness. Well done, but...
6303972810|5.0|Its is the best adventure movie ever made, and it will probably continue to be #1.....<br />Rerelease it......Why?? Because I want this video in my collection.
0553502271|5.0|The best story that Grisham has written since &quot;A Time to Kill&quot;. The narration is superb and the characterizations only enhanced by the audio version. A rich listening experience.
B000001E29|5.0|no other tom waits album can hold a candle to the black rider; it's as simple as that.  sure, like several other reviewers have noted, it can be quite a bit more difficult to get into at first.  but i've found that the  same people who can't get into it at all are those same people who never  got past 19th century classical music either (anything past that is &quot;  a bunch of noise!&quot; they say-haha).  but until i heard the black rider,  i never put tom above the category of &quot;damn cool driving music.&quot;   in other words, i had to be doing something else besides just listening to  the music cos it wasn't really complex or interesting enough to hold it's  own.  but one fine day at a flea market along hwy. 101 in oregon, i  stumbled upon the black rider.  suddenly, there was everything that tom had  seemed to lack in the past:  harmonic complexity and words by bill  burroughs.  don't get me wrong, tom is a terrific songwriter and  storyteller, but burroughs is one of the greats.  and though i already have  fallen in love with tom's new album, i have to say that he's never been as  good as he was with the black rider, and i rather doubt he ever will be.
B000002C1W|5.0|There just aren't any bands that can compare. Pink Floyd was ahead of their time and still is this CD rocks. Six Stars!!!!!!
6305428220|5.0|Williamson writes yet another masterpiece where aliens take over people bodies. It makes invasion of the body snatchers look like a kids movie.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Tom has outdone himself again.  Recording technique is unbelievable.  Will definately put the hairs up on your neck and spine.<br />Absolutely wonderful!  If you are wondering whether you should buy this, don't hesitate even a  second.  Get in your car, motorbike or put on those walking shoes and speed  to the store.
6304578482|5.0|I was expecting the movie to be funny, but Romy and Michele blew me away.  I can't believe how amazing Mira Sorvino and Lisa Kudrow are--yes, the dream sequence was a little screwy, but it is worth it just to see Michele  come up with the formula for glue.  Look out for two dance scenes, one at  the beginning and one at the end--I nearly injured myself laughing.
B000001EMW|5.0|This CD is pretty cool, I used to think that cellos were stupid but this proves that they can actually do something good.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This is a great compilation of Phil Collins songs. I love it. I miss &quot;Do You Remember&quot; song though.
0783222955|5.0|Gregory Peck is such a talented actor.  He portrayed the character of Atticus Finch so well. The viewer felt every emotion, every inner struggle that he went through.  And the other actors were excellent as well.  The  children were so believable.  After watching this movie, all you want to do  is have a good cry.  After crying, you just want to sit there and think  about things, try to figure out how to make the world better, help people  overcome their prejudices.  This movie is a classic film with so much more  to it than meets the eye.
B000007R0S|3.0|This recording must have went straight from the concert hall to the record store bins. There are some annoying fans (especially this one woman) who constantly keeps screaming at the top of her lungs. It's as though she knew  they were recording AND had to make herself known. Thanks for screwing up  some great music. We all know how acoustic the Eagles sound, then add this and it just messes up a perfectly sounding disc. At least they  (Eagles) sound in top form and it feels as though they never broke up.
6300151379|5.0|This vidieo needs to be re released!!!  I have been looking for it for years!!!  put my name on the list of people who want it back in print
6300181251|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock proves he is one of the greatest directors in the business with his 1960 horror classic &quot;Psycho&quot;. Well-directed and well-acted, this movie is probably one of the best horror films made.  Anthony Perkins does a superb job as Norman Bates and Janet Leigh does  splendid work as Marion Crane. Excellent movie. A viewer from Currituck,  North Carolina needs to go watch Walt Disney films because Psycho is too  &quot;violent and scary&quot; for the little baby. Good job Hitchcock!                       Bill RObinson,                   Genius at Work
6304712936|2.0|Amadeus is one of my all time favorites. Wonderful costumes, sets, and acting. I own the video but purchased the DVD for improved picture quality. What a mistake. There was no improvement in picture quality and the movie  is cut in half, one half on each side of the disk. I can't recommend this  DVD, buy the video instead.
0684867621|1.0|King can't write children...his kids always have the sensibilities of a 40-year-old....and he can't write women.  Beyond that, he no longer can write. Period.  Pity.  He used to be so good.  Last hope...dark tower.  Should have packed it in a long time ago.
0385493800|2.0|Starts out well but soon gets lost in a lengthy and seeminly never ending description of a trip to find a missionary in a remote part of the Brazilian jungle. Aside from the story of a very dysfunctional family who  are heirs to their fathers billions (which he wills to his illegitimate  daughter...the missionary) and ensuing fight for the money is the  dysfunctional lawyer, who fights his own demons and somehow manages, it  seems, to have a &quot;spiritual awakening.&quot; The story does not pick  up again until the last chapters and then in short measure seems to finish  off leaving one wanting something more. This story was definitely lacking  something for me.
B000002O5L|5.0|I have all of TP's albums except for a couple of his most recent releases -- &quot;Wildflowers&quot; and &quot;Echo&quot; -- and I have to say that Full Moon Fever is the one I enjoy the most.<br />From the opening guitar hook  of &quot;Free Fallin',&quot; you know you're in for a good time.  Man, how  does this guy do so much with only three or four chords??  Great!
0399143904|1.0|You're old, you can't write something new, but you're famous by now. What could you do? Retiring? Certainly not. You still have readers, you still have obligations, you can't just move to Mexico and live like a hermit.  What should you do?<br />The catch word is: multimedia. Binary rules.<br />That's  probably why the ex-King of Techno-thriller needs to publish such a lousy  book without ashamed for its low quality. Because it sells the video game.  We old timers may not like this book, but some kids with much money that  can burn a hole in their pockets will buy the video game of the same title.  That's the point. If it's just a game, it'll have to fight any other games  in a fair game. With a name like Clancy's, it's going to sell. If you don't  read, or can't read, you can still play the game. You can still pay for it.  That's the point.<br />Can't wait to see if Michael Crichton's upcoming  _Timeline_ will follow the same logic like Clancy's. Hope not.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This would be a none sense, frustrating, boring movie for the people who need more years to catch up with your heart and mind in this lovely painful world.  Give yourself a test!  Come back to see this movie later when you  feel your experience in this world in this life is fully grown.  And if  not, then you probably need more time.  Else you can say, we are the loser  to let other people know what is call &quot;life&quot;.  Think we need more  education on this movie.  More then what they teach on science, math and  history in schools where the students only see how stunning the special  effect is but don't get the thought and the heart of the story.  I think  the 2 children in the story had learned, the loved ones had learned, but  how can people learn like they did without the death experience?!  It is a  great movie that let me learn about how much I had changed from the time  when I was like the people who said &quot;frustrating&quot;, &quot;good  effect only&quot; and &quot;don't get it&quot; to now....
0374172897|5.0|The Hours deserves every award it has won.  Cunningham has created a brilliant, deeply affecting book, which is particularly amazing because it is so spare and lean.  It moved me like no other novel I've read in a very  long time.  Thinking about the ending still gives me the chills months  after I finished it.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|this cd is not bad most of the songs arent as pretty fly and why dont you get a job would suggest this is not a punk cd but its not a pop cd eather its kind of an alternative cd its a lot softer than ther previous cds.most  the songs  where ok besides there two videos songs feelings and walla walla  my favirates where have you ever and americana there too good for this  album
6305426651|5.0|This film is so affecting, so vividly real that one could go in knowing the story completely and still be moved.  I've heard criticisms that the first half was slow or disjointed.  Don't you believe it.  The first half  is sweet and real and sets up the pain and glory of the second half.  The  concept itself is unbelievable--that Benigni pulls it off is sheer triumph.   This is no syrupy-sweet story of good over evil.  It is a chilling,  haunting fable of faith and love and hope over almost unendurable doom.  A  film like this appears once in a lifetime.  To hear criticisms of this film  is like hearing criticisms of my children.  I take both personally.  See  it.
B00000253N|5.0|If there's anything out there that can touch this, please let me know. It's poetry. Anyone who has ever loved and lost must hear this album.
B000002B7Y|2.0|This is nothing compared to his previous works. Actually I am not his loyal fan, but anyway I have liked many of his songs. This is his worst album.
0930073193|5.0|This is the book to give to anyone struggling to align what she was fed in university economics classes with what she sees in the real world.  Hayzlitt is a master at boiling down messages into layman's terms without  sacrificing the power or complexity of the idea.  You might be able to  argue with him on certain points, but because he takes no assumptions for  granted, you'd be hard-pressed to poke holes in his key messages.  Even if  you're comfortable with your own understanding of economics, this book is  valuable because it can arm you with the vocabulary you need to explain  your ideas.  Read it and recommend it to others.
B00000IGGA|3.0|this album is a regression.  gone are the spontaneous first-take wonders of bone machine and the black rider--in their place: a self-conscious, clastrophobic feel to songs that are, for the most part, simply not up to  par.  i've never heard waits sound this uninspired, with only pony and  georgia lee managing to temporarily break this album's murky, tiresome  spell.  big in japan sounds like tom waits doing an impersonation of tom  waits--in other words, it's dangerously close to parody.  here's hoping his  muse accepts the roses he's sent and starts sleeping with him again....
B00000IGGA|5.0|Would certainly like to hear MORE. Will  have to head out to p/u CD at Planet Grooves here in Clearwater. Tried to get a buddy to grab it on the way here but he wimped out. He's here now and insists that I add &quot; If  its not BOB, I'm not going out of my way&quot;. Sounds like PURE TOM from  what I've heard so far. I'm partial to selected cuts from RAIN DOGS and  BONE MACHINE. I've heard that a number of Krauts are of the opinion that  Mr. Waits is the only reason they don't write off us western cowboys off  completely. I pretty much agree. GO TOM.
B000002G7G|5.0|This fantastic album is the exact opposite of &quot;White Light/White Heat&quot;: where &quot;WL/WH&quot; was loud, this one is quiet; where &quot;WL/WH&quot; was bold, this album is beautiful; where  &quot;WL/WH&quot; was an undisputed masterpiece, this album is...um, also  an undisputed masterpiece.  (Damn, that was going so well...).
0783226160|5.0|This movie is hilarious.  It's really a must-see and one of the funniest comedies I have ever seen. It's great to watch right before you go off to college-- especially if you're going somewhere with a large Greek  population!  Once you get there, you'll realize just how true-to-life  satire can be.
6304722303|5.0|this movie rocked!!bill paxton gives his best preformance ever!if you love action,aliens,gore,and comedy, you'll absolutly love this!
6304466498|3.0|Funny, but campy.  Very campy
0780622650|5.0|Well, the movie was pretty good.  I like the use of the former cast from the tv series.  There was a little bit to be desired from the movie.  It needs more to the plot.  Overall, it will stay in my collection.
6304428928|5.0|This is a wonderful, sometimes-amusing, moving film.  It's well worth watching.
0767819543|5.0|It is hard to put into words what one feels while watching this extraordinary motion picture. It was as beautiful as a Piccaso, as moving as Avi Maria, as simple as the waves splashing on the shores...it is a  movie that touches the very base of your soul, bringing to the surface our  most human of emotions as love and sadness, happiness and sorrow. The  entire movie was a masterpiece. A DEFINATE MUST SEE!!
B000009QPO|3.0|It's not a brilliant album, as Tomorrow The Green Grass undeniably is. But the songs are honest, well-crafted, and they're all sturdy enough to withstand listening to over and over again. Like having a cup of oatmeal  with Grape Nuts after walking back home in the snow.
0684867621|2.0|Not since Gerald's game have I been so dissapointed in a King novel.  I'm still waiting for something to happen and I've already read every page.  Am I missing the point???  I'm not one of those readers who believe that King  is only good when writing horror, but this book really failed to reach me.  I'm surprised that the other reviews are so glowing.  I think King should  spend a little more time thinking about his next book before sending this out to his adoring fans.
6305265488|5.0|This classic movie of cinderella was a exciting and funny movie.  There was action and romance and I loved the twist on how her sister is not so evil.  This movie will have to be put in my collection.  A must see flick.
B00000BKDW|5.0|I don't know where Amazon got the reviewer for Iron Maiden, Mark Blake, but the dude shouldn't have a job. Whoever says &quot;Powerslave&quot; is ho-hum average fare metal shouldn't be reviewing metal albums, and that's  the truth. This is Maiden at thier best. Powerslave is second only to  Number of the Beast in my mind and stands out as one of the towering  classics of 80s metal. This album is filled with the trademark maiden  sound: galloping bass lines punctuated by roaring guitar solos and Bruce  Dickinson throwing out some absolute bonafide wails. The songwriting is  about as good as it comes, with Steve Harris and Co. coming up with some of  thier best arrangements ever. In songs like &quot;The Duellists&quot; &amp;  &quot;Rime&quot; the music tells more of the story than the lyrics. Listen  to &quot;Rime&quot;, wait for the part where Bruce wails &quot;Comes the  RAAAAIIINNN....&quot; and that devestatingly powerful riff kicks in, and  then tell me that these guys don't rule, okay?  Rime of the Ancient Mariner  clocks in at a whopping 13 and a half minutes, and that should tell you  something about the attention to detail and excellence Maiden put into this  album. They didn't stop working until the song sounded perfect, regardless  of its length. The album begins with one of their best songs &quot;Aces  High&quot; and the quality simply does not let up from there. Fans of  quality metal simply can't miss with POWERSLAVE. It's heavy metal at it's  best. Going awry, Mark? Yeah, right.
6305426651|5.0|I think I have waited all my life for a movie this  beautiful.  I was overwhelmed by the powerful simplicity of Life Is Beautiful.  I may never go to the movies again!
0380778556|5.0|I first read &quot;Rebecca&quot; when I was 13, and read it several more times in high school. It's been about ten years since I last read it--and it managed to hook me once again. Rushing home from dinners and drinks with  friends to pick it up again. Staying up late reading, even though I know  the ending. Rushing to get ready for work so I can finish just a few more  pages. While I can't say this a literary masterpiece, I can definitely say  this is one of the greatest _stories_ ever--well-told and suspenseful.
0684867621|1.0|The man writes like it's an obligation (which, contractually, it probably is).  Perhaps if we stopped buying his drivel (face it, he's written nothing since The Shining/Stand/Salem's Lot era), perhaps he would be  content to sit down and write one good novel ever two years or so rather  than one bad one ever four months.  And with this latest...man, finishing  his stuff lately is a chore. Little trisha isn't the only one lost in this  &quot;novel.&quot;  Forget it.  Wait for the TV movie.  And then don't  watch it, either.
0790729687|5.0|Not only is this one of the best vampire movies ever made, but the DVD version is excellent.  The amazingly clear version allows the viewer to enjoy this movie as if they were in the theater.  Don't rent this one, BUY  IT!!!
B000002U82|5.0|I must have listened to Dark Side of the Moon over a million times in the past  10 years ago. I know their music inside out.I have tried out various musical categories and songs. I would rate  Dark side of the Moon as the  best album of them all. There is something about that music, so rich, so  alluring, so beautiful, so sad, so mysterious, so perfect, that one could  keep listening to it over and over and over and  remain enthralled forever.  The music of Pink Floyd rises above the group itself, as well as any of the  other existing groups or albums. It makes no sense comparing this album to  any other. Its uniquenes makes it the best selling album of all time and  that speaks volumes for the music of Pink Floyd.
015650300X|5.0|&quot;Le Petit Prince&quot; or &quot;The Little Prince&quot; as it is more commonly known in the United States, is an exciting adventure story for all ages!  I highly recommend it!
0876855575|5.0|This is the first Bukowski novel I have read and it is incredible.  It gives an insight as to what his childhood might have been like.  He describes it through the life of Henri Chanaski.  One can't help but to  sympathize with the main character.  This book is wonderful and although I  am not a very skilled reader, I found it very easy to read. Once I started  reading it, I couldn't put it down.
0380789019|5.0|This book was simply one of the best books I've ever read.  Neil Gaiman deserves a noble prize.
B00000251N|5.0|Twenty-three years ago, my husband and I took a driving trip across Nova Scotia and Gaspe. We listened over and over again to an excerpt from this collection, for a month, and were transported to heaven each time. Ten  years ago, he found the CD which still brings magic, inspiration hope and  peace to the two of us AND our three children! Lyrics and music, both have  a mystical beauty, that stirs the soul to the depths of it's  mysteries.......
6305365121|4.0|Insurrection was by far one of the best television episodes, problem is, Insurrection is a movie.  The storyline was excellent and the graphics were well thought out (all except for that crazy scene with the  joystick...uuuugggtttthhhh!!) The best way to describe this movie is that  it would be best for a more diverse audience rather than just trekkies.  Perhaps the biggest fault with this movie, and all the STTNG movies, is in  the area of character development. Most of the development takes place  between only a few people and thus it tends to become seperated from what's  going on in the movie and the other characters. Lastly, the producers need  to realize that the STTNG show has been a big contributer to the success of  Star Trek all together. Instead of trying to come up with huge, granduer  plots, the movies should continue to follow the storyline being continued  with the current Star Trek shows still being aired.  I leave with this  question...Why would the flagship of the federation be off chasing petty  concerns when the federation is nearly being defeated by the dominion?
B00000IGGA|5.0|Tom Waits last true album..93's Bone Machine was the best album of the 90's from that moment until now. Mule Variations has Tom redsicovering his bluesy soul side again, it's so nice to hear him sing, yeah sing! I still  love the wild stuff the avante' garde stuff Like Box Spring Hog and Eye  Ball KId, but you cant help but love tracks like Come on up to the House  and Cold Water. There is no finer songwriter of the past 3 decades than Tom  Waits. Not Springsteen, Not Billy Joel who where both inducted to the Rock  n Roll hall of fame can match the true genius and originality that make up  Tom Waits the man, the musician, the writer, the poet, the Showman, the  preacher, the actor, the comic. Best album of the decade has arrived ladies  and gentleman so step right up!!!!!!
6303140157|1.0|As a BIG fan of Sister Act, I was very excited that a sequel was made. I was let down. Sister Act 2 was so boring. This movie had poor writing and a sorry plot. There was no excitement in the movie- just a bunch of useless  singing. It was too much of a musical instead of a comedy. Bill Duke did a  sorry job.
B000002ITM|5.0|Return to Serenity has to be not only the best song on this Album, but the best song ever done by Testament.  I'm not into their heavy stuff too much, but return to serentity seems to kick the butt of any slow metallica song.   I absolutely love this song.   now if I could only find the sheet music for  it... someone email me omnikron@thevision.net if they find some eh? =)
B00000IIXH|3.0|A pointless release. These are not the best 18 tracks from the box set.<br />Of the three unreleased tracks, 'Trouble River' is a throwaway rocker, 'The Promise' a pale imitation of the Darkness out-take, and 'The  Fever' an inferior version of Southside's recording.<br />Only Bruce  completists - like me - need buy this. And it's a shame that we have to do  so, when all the tracks could have been on the box set.
B0000039PW|5.0|There are a lot of MCs out there, but very few lyrical composers. Biggie, Nas, Jay-Z craft their rhymes like few others can.  Biggie lyrically bullies tracks like &quot;Gimme the Loot.&quot; Nas does the same on  &quot;Represent.&quot; And Jay-Z as well on &quot;Brooklyn's Finest.&quot;  Dispite this album's often dark subject matter and sometimes flawed  production, hip hop fans are graced with the commercial birth of one of the  most complete MCs ever on &quot;Life after Death.&quot; This is one of the  many reasons why 1994 was the greatest year in hip hop history. In my eyes,  no hip hop collection is complete without &quot;Illmatic, Unreasonable  Doubt&quot; and &quot;Ready to Die.&quot;
B000000ORX|4.0|Historically, &quot;Night Ride Home&quot; has been called Joni Mitchell's return to form.  It was her first album in the 90's and the aural atmosphere surrounding the songs seemed like a welcome relief from her  turgid 80's material.  I have been and remain an avid fan; even so,  &quot;Dog Eat Dog&quot; and &quot;Chalk Mark in a Rainstorm&quot; are not  particularly favorite's of mine.  So when &quot;Night Ride Home&quot;  appeared it seemed as if Joni (and Larry, of course) had begun to feel that  an uncluttered approach to her music was best.  And they were right!   &quot;Night Ride Home&quot; is just another example of Mitchell's stunning  range as songwriter, guitar player and singer.  The title track is a lovely  ballad, all the more enjoyable since it reflects on a small cherished  moment between Joni and Larry.  Her reworking of Yeates' &quot;Slouching  Toward Bethlehem&quot; is terrific: her plaintive guitar work is surrounded  by thunderous percussion and siren wails.  It's sense of the coming  'revelation' is ominous.  And who -- but Joni Mitchell -- would have the  nerve (and good sense) to change Yeates' original text?  &quot;Come In From  the Cold&quot; offers Joni's slightly middle-aged perspective on romance  &amp; relationships.  Gone is the doomed folkie from &quot;Blue&quot; which  kind of cast her as the &quot;Sarah Bernhardt&quot; of the '70s; now she  assumes a more mature and realistic (while not overtly cheery) stance on  matters of the heart.  Two songs regarding Joni's childhood also appear:  &quot;Cherokee Louise&quot; recounts the story of a sexually abused  girlfriend while &quot;Ray's Dad's Cadillac&quot; concerns itself with  slightly less weighty matters (a la &quot;In France They Kiss On Main  Street&quot;).  Ironically, despite &quot;Cherokee Louise&quot;'s repugnant  theme, Mitchell's guitar work and percussion make the song a toe-tapper.   &quot;Night Ride Home&quot; laid the groundwork for Mitchell's next  masterpiece, &quot;Turbulent Indigo&quot;.  It is a fine collection of  songs from a true master: strong, vibrant and immensely enjoyable.
0385311400|5.0|When a good friend suggested I read Drums of Autumn, my need for order asserted; not without reading the other books first - and am I glad I did!  I love fanstasy, I love Scottish history, especially the time of Culloden.   The characterization, for me the mainstay of any story, is great.  The  story is quite fast-paced, and, allowing for creativity, well researched.   I have shared the books with others who have devoured them as eagerly as me  and I look forward very much to future volumes, and other stories by Ms.  Gabaldon.
B000002KBU|5.0|No one was prepared.  After her sparsely minimalist approach on &quot;Clouds&quot; and the random collection feel of &quot;Ladies of the Canyon&quot;, Joni Mitchell surprised the world with a candor and honesty  unmatched (and unheard of) with the debut of &quot;Blue&quot; in 1971.   This album has since become the standard bearer for  &quot;confessional&quot; singer / songwriters.  It's to no one's surprise  that it has never been surpassed in it's raw, unflinching look at the  disolution of a doomed romance.  The songs careen from schoolgirl giddy  (&quot;All I Want&quot;, &quot;My Old Man&quot;), reckless abandon  (&quot;Carey&quot;), insecure lover (&quot;This Flight Tonight&quot;) and  eventually to morbid despair (&quot;River&quot;, &quot;The Last Time I Saw  Richard&quot; and the searing title track).  Mitchell accomplishes each of  these moods in a convincing straight-forward manner.  Many fans cite  &quot;A Case of You&quot; as the album's best song.  Indeed, it captures  the heart and soul of &quot;Blue&quot;: the push-pull of knowing that the  relationship is doomed while loving the person with all your heart.  It's  pointless to speculate which song on &quot;Blue&quot; is the best.  They're  all small pointed masterpieces comprising Mitchell's first (but not last)  real triumph of artistry over commerce.  Bravo!
0553108034|5.0|When I picked up the first book in a &quot;yeah, yeah, yeah, allright ...&quot; kind of way, I did not expect to be drawn in quite so thoroughly.  The second book has certainly proved NO disappointment.  I like the many  levels of emotion he evokes, ranging through empathy, sympathy, admiration  and pure disgust.  Even his heroes are flawed (thank goodness) and the dear  Imp - well, you don't know whether to be for him or against him, because of  how it may impact other characters with whom you may empathize in the  story.  Plenty of loose ends to keep us impatient for Volumes 3 and ......
0670881791|5.0|A week before I traveled to Paris, I read this book.  Once in Paris, I could see the little village, the church and the candy store around every corner.  What a great relaxing read.  A nice story of what is really evil  in society.
B000003CMB|5.0|I've been playing this album (vinyl, then cd) for more than a quarter of a century; I've just bought 2nd Set, which is magnificent, but Fillmore East STILL raises the hairs on the back of my neck - play it when you're  driving, L O U D!! Live rock doesn't come any better than this.
0062502182|5.0|MY FAVORITE BOOK! I wholeheartedly agree with those who raved about the magic of this book.  THIS BOOK CHANGED THE WAY I LIVE MY LIFE AND MY OUTLOOK ON LIFE AS WELL.    Everything seemed to come together and the  world seemed to make sense after reading this book.  I also thought it  looked &quot;weird&quot; when I first saw it in the library and read the  back, but for some reason it kept &quot;popping out&quot; at me everytime I  went to the library, until I finally checked it out, positive I would never  get past the first page.  I can't express how glad I am that I did.  Not  only did I end up buying a copy, but I actually wrote down quotes from the  book while I read it the first time (I couldn't underline in the library's  book!) on many many sheets of notebook paper, and typed up the best ones to  hang up in my room so that I can constantly be inspired by them.  READ THIS  BOOK, YOU WILL BE IMMENSELY GLAD YOU DID!
0684833395|1.0|This is certainly one of the most over rated books of the 20th century.  I had heard and read such glowing descriptions (And, in fact, the actual concept of Catch 22 is brilliant).  However, the writing is so juvenile  that I wish I had read it in Junior High instead of after college. Heller  is seemingly willing to expend untold pages of drivel to bring off a joke,  as in how Major Major became Major Major Major. This book would have been  more powerful and more readable as a short story.  50 pages max.  I had to  force myself to plod through this sophomoric mess.  When the war finally  ended, no one in the book was more relieved than I.
6304578482|5.0|those dumb blondes are so loveable and sexy that this is the best everyday movie . those voices are hilarious!! YOU Couldnt help it if you had scoliosis!!! HA !Ha The squeaking back brace is a killer
0784010528|1.0|I've always felt that Jim Morrison's death at a young age spared him the humiliation of being unmasked as a mediocre artist and a low-rent character.  This movie did nothing to change my view.  Kudos to Val Kilmer  for a great performance, but Morrison isn't worth all the attention and  adulation he has received.  His early demise immortalized him and spared  him a career flame-out.<br />As comedian Dennis Leary said, &quot;We don't  need a three hour movie about Jim Morrison.  I'll tell you his story:  I'm  drunk, I'm nobody; I'm drunk, I'm famous; I'm drunk, I'm ^%*&amp;%$* dead!
630534731X|4.0|If you were fortunate enough to be an impressionable kid when this movie was released, this is probably one of your favorites; it certainly is one of mine.  Today's younger generation--spoiled by the modern special effects  of the '90's--probably won't appreciate what was accomplished in this film  in 1979. What was accomplished is a visually stunning film whose only  drawback is an average script with a few cheesy/corny lines built in.  But  the story line is still intriguing and inspires thought, the musical score  is absolutely fantastic, and the special effects, though 20 years old, are  still better than some of the overhyped effects of more modern movies.  The  hologram and opening shots of The Black Hole in the beginning are neat; and  the suspense/tension of the first 15 minutes and last 15 minutes are the  highlights of the film.  (Isn't the Cygnus a creepy sight to behold  darkened and drifting in space?  How would you like Maximillian chasing you  around a fragmenting ship with those metallic pincers spinning?)  What's in  the middle isn't too bad either.  (Remember this is a kid's flick, that's  why we have BOB and VINCENT)  With the proper perspective and atmosphere,  this can be a very enjoyable film--surround sound and a big screen TV are a  must, along with nighttime viewing in a dark room.  So buy or rent this  cult classic, and go in, through, and beyond!  And please Disney, how about  releasing the soundtrack on CD?
B00000I924|5.0|This will put Jeff Beck's name into the minds of the younger generation. Every song has something different to offer. A true musical genius!
6304913176|5.0|I love StarShip Troopers! I feel sorry for anyone who has not seen this movie, don't expect to see the same thing in the movie as it is in the book if you do you will be disappointed but don't let that stop you from seeing  it, this is a must see movie.  Don't expect it to be real because it's not  it's just a movie so get this movie sit back relax and have fun that's what  it's all about!
0684867621|1.0|A very disappointing novel;  the pre-adolescent narration was painful to read, and the plot was predictable on every occasion.  Save your money and reread The Shining or Misery.
0316921173|5.0|What can I say about an obscenely massive yet undeniably great novel? I think I just said it. Wallace is certainly a great writer (an understatement) and he knows it. Some of the sequences in this novel--the  Eschaton game, the murder of the Antitois, Gately going medieval--are among  the best sustained samples of narrative force I have read. However, as  expected from such a massive novel, not everything works. All the  characters are delightfully idiosyncratic but some of them are extraneous;  they only serve to show off Wallace's way with characters. Yet I was  enthralled by &quot;Infinite Jest.&quot; The novel should have showed up on  the list of the 100 best works of fiction this century.
0440224764|4.0|I've read nearly all of John Grisham's books, and I would definately say that this is one of his best! If you aren't familiar with his work this is a great place to start!
6305365121|3.0|The movie was a two hour Star Trek The Next Generation television episode.  It was nice getting together with our old friends from NCC-1701-D.  Patrick Stewart (Captain Picard) was again exceptional.  Please kill off  Counselor Troi (What is her reason for being?)  Data was also exceptional.   Jordi was refreshing as was Riker.  I think that guiding the E Model of the  Enterprise with a &quot;Joystick&quot; was a bit over the edge (What were  they thinking of except maybe for the comic relief?) Overall the Enterprise  and her crew are exceptional and I also would like to see Q as the bad boy  again.  The special effects were not up to Star Trek standards, not even  Star Wars standards. I will purchase the video for my collection.
B00000HYXB|5.0|I chanced upon a Blind Guardian MP3 file and I was instantly hooked.  I soon bought this CD and I was blown away.  This CD is possibly the greatest thing I have ever heard.  I can't wait until I have the money for another  one.
0783228317|5.0|I loved the book and was initially disappointed in the movie, but having watched it several times with my foreign exchange students from Sweden and Japan I can now definitely state that this movie is great, and the foreign  exchange students agree!
6300183513|5.0|I first saw this film when I was seven; since that day I have seen it again and again - I think ten times - but the suspence is always at the top! In two words: exciting and elegant!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|This box set is just absolutely incredible!  Everytime I listen to it, I find myself liking even more of the songs.  And the ones I already knew bring back so many good memories.  When I listen to this music, I remember  how exciting it was to be a teen then. (Is it still like that for  teens...it doesn't seem so?) This music totally captures the essence of how  it felt to grow up in that era. But the music stands on it's own so even if  you weren't around when this music came out, you'll still fall in love with  it.  Just go ahead and get it...you won't be sorry! (Yes, &quot;96  Tears&quot; should have been included and what about &quot;Baby Come  Back&quot; by The Equals. Don't know if they were a garage band but the  music fits.)
B000000W8C|5.0|What a great CD.  Great music which cannot really be pigeon-holed as rock or pop or jazz.  It's an interesting and unique mixture of sounds: great vocals, wonderful guitar playing, good drumming.  This is a must buy!!  I  loved Urban Hymns, but this one is less commercial and more eclectic and  cerebral.
B000001FS6|5.0|Rattle and Hum is great album. I don't know why some critics and some listeners say that Bono and co. doesn't sound good on it. HEY, NOBODY SOUNDS PERFECT WHEN LIVE. Some songs on there are better than the original.  And the new ones on there are so cool. Some of my favorites on there is an  uplifting song called Angel of Harlem and a techno filled God Part II.  Helter Skelter was a good tribute to John Lennon. Wasn't perfect like the  original, but the original wasn't live. It's the closest thing you get to  the Beatles hit. And turn your stereo as loud as it can go at the ending of  Silver and Gold right when Bono tells Edge to play the blues. And with  Desire, this album is hotter than fire.
0790705141|5.0|This is an exquisit horror Master piece. Have you ever asked yourself if you could go nuts in a matter of days or hours?, well here is a good example of what can happen to our fragile human mind. Come on, don't tell  me you have never experienced madness at least once in your life...This  film will never be forgotten.
B000001DTM|5.0|ACHTUNG BABY is like the movie THE GODFATHER. You can never really get bored of it. And you can listen to it over and over again and still love it. They have a litte bit of everything in Achtung Baby, from slow  memorable songs like One, and Love is Blindness to really cool fast songs  like Acrobat and Mysterious Ways and everything in between ( Even Better  Than The Real Thing). It's perfect because in  Achtung Baby you don't have  to worry about  fill-ins. 'Cos every song on here is cool.
0684867621|5.0|Another sleepless night &quot;lights on page turner&quot;! 9 year old Trisha's lost wandering in the woods is so vividly described I could hear the buzz of all those bugs - ugh! - circling her. Chapters are  &quot;innings&quot; and I could not put down this book till I reached the  end of 9th inning. Trisha is pluckier than she realized trying to remember  advise for &quot;townies&quot; how to read nature's signs - follow the  brook and it will take you to the ocean - eventually. Her only comfort is  her walkman. Listening to Red Sox game and waiting till her hero pitcherTom  Gordon comes in as the closer.Tom ends up being Trisha's companion of sorts  during her adventure. This book reminded me of King's Shining - same  lyrical style -playing with our fears - being alone, darkness, hunger,  thirst and that feeling of someone out there watching us and waiting. I  know if I ever hit a hiking trail again  I will &quot;stay on the  path.&quot;
0553108034|5.0|With A Clash of Kings, George RR Martin has shown himself to be one of the very best writers of Fantasy.  He especially excels in creating characters with so much depth and complexity that you really take an interest in them.   Rarely have I found Fantasy writers capable of creating such three  dimensional characters. More often you get supermen w/ little personality  besides being perfect in every way.  Very few of the people in this story  are completely evil or completely good, which makes them all the more  intriguing and real.   One of Mr. Martin's most refreshing tactics is to  provide us with &quot;good guys&quot; that are not too likable and  villains, such as the Imp, that you may actually find yourself rooting for.   These sympathetic villians are his very best creations. Even the Hound, a  disfigured muderer, makes you feel pity for this unfortunate man so full of  self hate.  Another great tactic is to rarely give us a good view of the  major evil threat, &quot;the others&quot;.  Just as in Jaws, the knowledge  that this evil is lurking unseen just beyond our sight creates great  suspense.  The less we see of the creatures, the more scary and mysterious  they are.  If the quality of the future books are as good as this, I'll be  happy to buy the next four books. Martin does not seem to be the type of  writer to fall prey to the out of control spiral that has made Robert  Jordan's books a rambling boring mess w/ no conclusion in sight.   I  personally look forward to finding out whether the next book confirms who  Jon Snow's real parents are(as per Martin's subtle hints) and seeing how  this leads to the story's conclusion.
B000007UEY|5.0|I heard this album first on FM99 rock radio, Lima Peru, in 1980, and was really amazed, I was already a Genesis fan but never expected such great output from a solo album (a dream team effort, really); after 5 years with  a poor tape copy from radio, around 1985 I got the vinyl album, second hand  from an italian hippie. Two years ago I had the chance to meet Simon  Phillips (drummer) in Lima, touring with Toto, and told him personally,   that S.D. was one of my all-time favorite albums; a big smile appeared in  his face, he was amazed and happy to get that recognition after 17 years,  in an 'exotic' place like Peru. I hope these words of recognition get to  Mr. Rutheford someday.<br />What can I add to the previous reviews?: this  album rocks, has progressive chops at its best, has soul (what happened to  the singer? he dissapeared), has pop sensibility, great musicians, great  songs..<br />So, it's true: this is an underrated masterpiece, but we are  lucky someone put this in a CD; go, buy it, enjoy it and show it with pride  to your musical friends.
6300151379|5.0|One of the most Imaginative movie I have ever seen Add my name to the list!!!!!Jim Henson was the master of storytelling.
B00000DGUG|5.0|The lessons that have obviously smacked her in the face in love and life are insightfully presented in the lyrics and styles of this cd.  Granted that whining about Catholic school in 'Pill' was a lot of fun, but the ride  she goes on to explain her resulting head trips later in life proves to hit  home (the nostalgia &amp; found peace with the ex's in 'unsent') whether  you learned from frigid nuns growing up or not.
B000002MP2|5.0|Just like the last guy that reviewed this cd sayed, this cd does bring back a lot of memories of the fourth grade. He's right when he says that everyone in the class had this album. Oh yeah the cd is really great. Any  rock fan should own this one.
B00000DMJF|5.0|Where do you start when talking about this album. Sure, it shows that Paul is a better pop star than rock star. And, it proves that George Harrison could write and sing. With the exception of Revolution 9, there isn't a bad  song here. The best is &quot;Yer Blues.&quot; Here, John pours out his soul  on a great blues song. &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; is the best  thing George ever wrote. Overall, a must to have.
6303257844|5.0|I thought the movie was great and Keanu Reeves plays the part great. Dennis Hopper is a great villian also.
B000009RC2|5.0|My brother and I listened to THE INNER MOUNTNING FLAME everyday for one year as we prepared to go to high school.There has never been an album like it before or since. John M. playing is riveting. And Jan Hammer is almost  beyond belief.
B000001Y42|5.0|Limp Bizkit is one of the greatest heavy metal bands ever. I love it how they put in a little rap with their music also. I think that if your into bands like Korn or Deftones then this is the album for you.
0385483821|5.0|Written by theformer president and CEO of Intel Corporation, located here in Santa Clara, California.  I could not put this book down.  The 10X power concept and Strategic Inflection Points apply to all of us in business.   Well-written, fascinating, easy to understand;  a reflection of the  company.  Also very thought provoking. If you are an executive or  entrepreneur or in a decision making position, I strongly recommend you  read this book.  You will not forget what you read here.
0451160916|1.0|Although I'm a great Stephen King fan, I simply hate this book and don't understand all the hoopla around it. The characters are absurd, the &quot;scary&quot; parts (like the animated stone animals) are histerically  laughable and I couldn't wait for seeing when will this mess would do me  the favor to be over. I've noticed that King is a writer that gives  multilayered book, like a bad novel with a good ending (read Cujo) or a  good novel with a bad ending (read Pet Semetary) but nothing of that  happens in this book. The Shining is absurd, ridiculous and by far, the  worst book he's ever written. If you want to see children in a scary book,  that really scares you, go and read some John Saul.
B000003TBP|5.0|Though some reviewers might complain about the lack of musical substance in this disc, they don't understand that popular music isn't about innovations in music (i.e., melody, harmony, and rhythm -- just try singing  the melody and you'll find nearly all popular songs essentially tuneless,  and just try finding a harmony that isn't in just about every other pop  song) but about innovations in style.  And in style, this one is a winner.
6305364648|5.0|This movie is one of the de-facto home theatre testing movies. I can't wait to see it on DVD! Excellent!
6300151379|5.0|Labyrinth is one of the few movies that is worth buying and seeing over and over again.  As soon as it is re-released, I'll be there to pay for my personal copy!!  If you like a twisted, dark tale combined with Jim  Henson's humor, this is THE movie to see!
6300151379|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES, DIRECTED BY A MASTER OF THE FINE ARTS...JIM HENSON...ANYTHING THIS MAN HAS CREATED HAS ALWAYS BEEN A FINE WORK OF ART THAT ALWAYS UTILIZED THE LATEST GROUNDBREAKING TECHNOLOGY.   DAVID BOWIE IS ALSO THE PERFECT VILLAIN IN ONE SENSE THAT HE COMPLETELY  ADDS TO THE &quot;80's&quot; FEEL OF THE MOVIE, BECAUSE HE IS A CULT ICON  OF THE 80's, AS IS THIS MOVIE.  I WOULD LIKE TO SEE CRITERION TAKE THIS ON  AS A DVD TO ADD TO THEIR FINE LIST OF CULT CLASSICS.
B0000025YM|5.0|defenders of the faith cd was one of the best     cd's I have ever listened to. I origionally bought the album which I still have along with many other metal albums. I am now up-grading many of my favorite albums to  cd. One of my favorite songs on the cd is love bites. If you like metal  this is a  must have cd.
0684867621|3.0|As a fan of Stephen King who reads everything he puts out I was a little disappointed with this book.  He has tried this style before with better results(Gerald's Game).  I do think that writing in this style allows the  reader to see the range of King's talent as a writer...horror is not his  only medium.  I would not reccomend this book to one who had never read  King before, however.  Real King fans might apprieciate the effort, but it  must be kept in mind that &quot;they can't all be gems.&quot;
B000001F27|4.0|Joe Lynn Turner's singing on this album still remains one of the best recorded rock performances ever.  He makes mediocre material sound better than it actually is, although there are some good songs.  Don Airey's  keyboards are a strong point.
B000002BUY|5.0|Incubus is a great band.  At first I found their sound somewhat bland, but SCIENCE really grows on you.  The album has a bit of rap, funk, metal thrown together and shaken a bit.  The lead singer is very versatile and  has good range.  He does suffer from I-wanna-be-Mike-Patton syndrome (but  that's ok, I have that too).  Most Faith No More fans will find this a good  listen, and some may upgrade it to a regular listen schedule like I have.  Athough they do lack some variety, I'd rank them as one of the better new  bands around.. they make Korn, Rage Against the Machine, and Limp  whatever-the-hell-they-call themselves look like punks.  Fav song off this  disc:  AntiGravity Love Song
B00000GAMD|5.0|This recording brought back memories of distant daze at university - smoke filled rooms, large speakers and strange coloured lighting.  despite the gap - some 15 years, I re-aquired this album again on cd.  Often cited for  being an imitation of Genesis (Gabriel era) Marillion exceed their loftier  counterparts in several areas.  Firstly the album is a moody one - by which  I mean it has highs and lows.   The orchestration is superb, and the lyrics  spell-bindingly constructed and executed by the lead singer.  The album is  a non-stop rollercoaster ride from start to finish which will have you  singing loudly after a few plays.  Similar in concept to the lamb lies down  on broadway, the album has an over-riding theme (childhood and its  consequences).  Listen out for great lyrics such as &quot; ....black  plastic body bags under nations flags....&quot;   and &quot;....I see a war  widow in a laundrette washing the memories from her husbands clothes...  with cemetary eyes....&quot;  oooh!  I loved the album and still do now,  and play it on occassions when I want to get rid of excess energy.   Have  your tennis racket handy for those guitar solos.!   A definite classic from  an era when most music was synth based.  Buy it! The band have since gone  their separate ways - the lead singer (Fish) had a short solo career.  On  the album as well are some B side recordings and other vinteresting bits  that didn't make it onto the album.   The 'a' cd is the origional album  re-mastered , the 'b' cd other stuff.
B00000DBXO|4.0|Replace Satan is my Motor and Sheep go to Heaven and you've got Cake's best album.  These songs have a great beat but the lyrics stink. Never There, You turn the Screws, Walk on By, Alpha-Beta Parking Lot, and Let me  Go are my favorite songs and I enjoyed the others.  Hopefully Cake will  come out with more of a complete album next time where every song is  enjoyable.
6304240562|5.0|I think the zombies looked fake. But you can't blame them,the movie was made in 1979.
B000003CKH|4.0|Race Ya-yas and Nugget are forgettable and Add the F-word to I will survive and thats why I can't give the ablum 5 stars.  The rest of the songs are great and provide that Kick that Prolonging the Magic lacks.  My  suggestion, buy the album and listen to songs you enjoy the most.  Great  for any Cd collection.
157492589X|5.0|Greatest movie ever made.  Nobody could have played the characters, Gus and Call except Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones.  They were born for it.
B00000DBXL|4.0|Satan is my Motor and Sheep go to Heaven rock expect for their stupid lyrics(My only regrets about buying the album).  The rest of the album is awesome.  PTM makes up for it's lack of kick(like in Fashion Nugget) with  enjoyable and easy to listen songs(expect for tracks 1&amp;7).
0844663662|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut is one of thee greatest living authors. His work never fails to disappoint me. His witty satire and writing style is amazing beyond words. Slaughterhouse Five is my favorite of all his books. Its message  rings so true. This book is truely an American classic. It is a must read  for anyone and everyone. Some may not get the message or symbolism in the  book but &quot;so it goes&quot;
6304240562|4.0|I loved the movie. the effects were better than that of night of the living dead but that is also becasue this was made later in the century. I agree with the viwer from L.A.,California who said that you have different  feelings about the zombies thu ou the film. the music was great. it was a  really good selction to put with this movie. it had a good plot and was  extremly funny in some parts, frightening in others, and very sobering in  other parts. it was a great movie and i urge you to buy it.
630438551X|5.0|The fisrt time I saw this movie I was so confused, but then in school we started reading the play. I watched it again on HBO, understood it now, and I was hooked! I watched it every time it was on, including in class. I  liked it much better than the '60s version. The modern one had so much more  feeling and expression; the modern twist with modern music...it's so much  more appealing to my young generation than something too historically  accurate.
0792836502|5.0|Western movies are my favourite. Though I have watched a lot I have found this movie to be fantastic, incredible and amazing as well. I have only watched in videos and now I am looking forward to watch it in theatre.
0783228600|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorites! The acting was superb, and the story, well, if you can figure this one out, you are waaay ahead of me. A must see if you are a fan of the truly bizarre. In my opinion, it was even  better than &quot;Where the Buffalo Roam&quot;, an earlier incarnation of  the same movie. It is also another must see movie.
B00000IO4J|1.0|This movie is horrible from beginning to end.  To anyone with half a brain: I recommend you do not see this movie. A mindless trip into teeny bopper land.  The only reason to maybe watch, is to play the &quot; Let's  see how many movies they ripped off&quot; game.  It just goes to show how  fast Hollywood is cranking out movies, and not checking the quality.
0792151712|1.0|I hate this movie, not because of some deep seeded hate for Leo whats his name. No i hate this movie for what it is. A POORLY written and acted movie. The characters are flat, the storyline is laughable. The plot makes  me want to vomit. I've seen this movie twice, the only time i enjoyed it  was the second when me and my friend made funny comments about each scene a  la MST2K. This movie so overhyped and over rated it makes me sad to live in  a time when a glorified piece of garbage can make so much money.
B000001BX0|5.0|Sure, I can figure out what their singing about, but that hardly matters... this is the hottest album I bought in '98 (and I bought a few) and I recommend it to everyone I know. These guys are Mexico's Beatles!
0783211856|5.0|This is one of the best movies that Steven Spielberg has ever done. When I saw the movie, I began to realize the true horrors of the holocaust. Unfortunately the neo-nazis think that the holocaust never happened even  though we have so much evidence. Spielberg is at his best in directing in  this movie! I respect the opinions of those who gave it low ratings, but I  suggest, this is only a suggestion, that you see the movie again and watch  it more carefully. This movie is supposed to be serious because of its  focus. Because of this movie, Spielberg set up the Survivors of the Shua  association. I think that the story of the Holocaust needs to be told,  because in Kosovo, we are seeing a second holocaust.
0792151712|1.0|This movie is all wrong.It tries to get you to think,Poor Jack,well what the hell..What about the other 2,000 passengers, the best part:When Kate gets slugged, and abused by Billy Zane, also the touching part when Jack  dies of Hypothermia.
6304595247|3.0|Though I enjoyed this film alright, I have a hard time imagining anyone who hasn't read the book being able to apreciate the story or characters very well.  It tries to be a &quot;complete&quot; screen telling of the  story, but it's really just the highlights.  Ralph Fiennes is the only real  saving grace.  Heathcliff, the original gothic romantic anti-hero,  forrunner to such characters as the Phantom of the Opera and the Vampire  Lestat, seems like the role he was born to play.
6305358567|5.0|What a remarkable masterpiece this is.  Cate Blanchett deserves all respect and honor for her heartwrenching portrayal of Elizabeth, as she struggles to take control of her life and of her country.  The atmosphere  in this film is so fitting and underlies every instant of action.  (Please  go read my review of this movie at  [...]
B000002UAI|4.0|It is perhaps difficult to remember back some thirty five years (Yes! 35 years) to when 'BEATLES FOR SALE' first hit the shelves, but for me, this album has been legendary! It is not all Beatles original work, and may have  been put together in a rush to beat Christmas, but it showed their early  versatility between numbers such as 'No Reply' and, say, 'Rock And Roll  Music'. Of interest, Ringo was at this time rated about the best drummer  (with Ginger Baker) in the world, and some of his efforts here would tend  to support that.  Their rendition of 'Words Of Love' would do Buddy Holly  proud, as would, with the exception of 'Mr Moonlight', their other cover  versions on this album.  Given the era - 'Beatles For Sale' remains, for  me, one of my more treasured classics!
B000009QPG|5.0|This album has the best riffs I've ever heard in Heavy Metal history. It also includes my favorite song of all time  WAR ENSEMBLE!!!!
6305426651|5.0|Questo gl'e' un filme di 'elli 'he un se ne vede, ra'azzi.  I' Benigni gl'ha tira'o for'un capolavoro, attro 'he.  Anda'e a vedello, compra'e i' video o i' divvudi' se c'e' anche 'ello, perche' gl'e' da vede' questo,  da'emi retta.
B0000025ZK|4.0|After you listen to it once or twice it grows on you.  The music itself is really great, but the lyrics lack creativity.  There's a lot of love songs on it.  If you like Momentary Lapse of Reason, I think you'll definately  like this. But if you are more of a Dark Side of the Moon or Wall person,  this might not be your thing.  Happy Listening!-Nic
B00000IGGA|5.0|I got this album two days ago and have listened to it about 12 times.  It's so good.  I love the American Recordings (CASH) style cover.  The Fact that a lot of the album was recorded outside is really cool.  Neat Chicken  noises.  This is the best so far this year.  Just buy the album...
6304510861|1.0|While Lynch fans (who are these people???) will lap this film up, I was alternately bored, humiliated, riled, and depressed. Nothing, and I mean nothing, makes sense and before some pretentious wiseguy tries to tell me  about postmodern nihilism or anti-narrative otherness, let me say that  while film can be an instructive tool, it must also be entertaining and I  can't imagine who would want to curl up with this waste of time at any  point in their day. I would describe plot elements, but they would be  irrelevant. Proceed at your own risk.
B000002UVX|5.0|groovy,basic hendrix music. check &quot;Who knows&quot; out..it's a gem..and good luck try'in to get THIS riff Outta your mind! this record must be played LOUD. Definetely! Take it from me. Stefan
6304779607|5.0|While the film is typical 1980s right-wing nonsense, the director commentary featured on the DVD is beyond hilarious. Most of the time, the commentary on special editions is insightful or even fascinating, but this  time around, the director seems so bored he is reduced to commenting on the  Christmas decarations and Pepsi machines. However, if you must watch the  film, I submit that the &quot;romance&quot; between Stallone and Nielsen is  one of the worst ever captured on screen. Also, take note of the massive  photo of then-President Reagan on the wall in the cop station.......need I  say more?
0380729407|5.0|&quot;Something Wicked This Way Comes&quot; is a special book.  It is a great tale of innocence, adventure, mtyh and fear.  Bradburys unique style allows him to really capture the essence of boyhood and adolescent  friendship.  Plus the best part of the book are its truely wicked villans.
0684867621|1.0|The main character is totally off the wall unbelievable. There is no real story. I mean you can only read so much about the flora and fauna of the woods. And Trishas endless debate...which way should I go, which way should  I go, up, down, east,west,south,north,straight line etc. Whew! It gave me a  headache, as did Storm of the Century.
0792151720|3.0|It's a well-done movie, but it is based on a rather thin, predictable story line. Accordingly, it has actors with thin talent to do the job (especially DiCaprio -- a Clark Gable or Humphrey Bogart he is definitely  NOT). And the stereotypical treatment (&quot;nasty rich&quot; versus  &quot;noble poor&quot;) of characters wore thin after only the first few  lines aboard the big boat!<br /> While Cameron became obsessive with authentic  set details, boy did he ever overlook all available  knowledge about the  effects of hypothermia!  All that dramatic sloshing around in icy water,  and nary a tinge of blue on any character''s skin! Amazing!<br /> Still,  there's enough here to enjoy -- if you can call vicariously re-living the  terror of the real Titanic victims &quot;entertainment.&quot; It's a pity,  all those oscars and within a few years, this will be  remembered by most  as that big-budget, whiz-bang special effects &quot;glug...glug..&quot;  sinking ship movie.
B000001Y79|5.0|I have beeen a fan of No Doubt since I was like nine.  My cousin bout me their &quot;No Doubt&quot; self titled album for my ninth birthday in '94 and I loved it.  Tragic Kingdom is by far the best!! Gwen has the style,  Tom's got the looks, Tony's got the hair, and Adrain and Eric got the  attitude! ROCK ON!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000IGGA|5.0|I've read some critics saying that Tom Waits is simply imitating Tom Waits here, that he has nothing new to say. Bullhockey. This chicken is so fresh it practically jumps off the plate and bites YOU. How can anthing be so raw  and rough and hard, and at the same time so tender and warm and  heartbreakingly sad? Tom Waits is in peak form here, a master at the height  of his powers.
0780623134|5.0|This movie is apparently an internet cult classic, with the emphasis on 'classic'.  <br />It was largely ignored at the box office, but this has to be one of the best movies to come out in recent times.<br />See it!
630027120X|5.0|This film is worth sitting through just to see the spectacular cinematography and to hear the breathtaking musical score.  However, it is far more than that.  A powerful story about a Jesuit priest who has the  courage to show solidarity with a poor, native tribe in South America,  despite the militant attempts by his fellow Europeans to enslave the  natives.  Stunning performances by Jeremy Irons and Robert DeNiro.  A  tribute to Christian missionaries everywhere, who work powerfully to spread  the love of Christ around the world.
0783226551|5.0|I've seen this movie a few times on video, and a few times on TV. I was scared each time. I love that movie. Robert DeNiro's character, Max is very disturbing, yet a very likable kind of guy at the same time.
6305358567|5.0|No words can describe how taken I was by Cate Blanchett's performance...If that's what Queen Elizabeth was really like, no wonder England fell in love with her!  She deserved the Oscar for this performance.  While Cate is  certainly my favorite part of this movie, there is so much more.  The  artistic decoration puts the viewer right back in 16th century England, and  the musical score offers a unique contrast between the dark Medieval church  music and the bright, secular music of the Renaissance.  The script  artistically renders Elizabeth's rise to power.  I especially enjoyed the  references to Machiavelli's &quot;The Prince,&quot; a true testimony of  Elizabeth's character.  And Cate Blanchett, I'll lay my coat down in a  puddle any day for you!!!
0790736314|5.0|If you are a horror fan like I am this is the perfect movie I'v rented it and when I saw it I had to order it from Amazon
B000002NHN|5.0|This is the best CD I have ever owned. I have already gotten 4 of my friends hooked on it. There is no song on this CD that fails to captivate the mind and relax the soul. Loreena McKennit is blessed with so many  talents I cannot begin to name them. The lyrics are beautiful and the  instrumental music is just the same. Before I ever heard of Loreena  McKennitt, I was hooked on hard-core rock and roll and alternative music.  But when I heard her music, my whole music perspective moved from Gothic to  Celtic in minutes. So if I can love this CD so much, anyone can. This is a  CD for the people who want to relax and take a break from life once in a  while. It is a definate PLUS in my &quot;book of secrets&quot;.
B000006YGY|5.0|For those who have not listened to Eloy before, I highly recommend this masterpiece. There is something fascinating about Ocean. It is an art- rock epic that fuses Yes and Pink Floyd, but you will not find it too  complicated. Actually, it is so malted and seriously done that it really  deserves to be a part of every A-Z collection. You will understand why this  title is one of cult albums from the seventies. Always in their own world,  Eloy just could not make anything better than to prove that there are some  great rock bands in the rest of Europe. In Germany, Eloy is known as their  &quot;best art-rock band ever&quot;. Frank Bornemann, Klaus-Peter Matziol,  Detlev Schmidtchen, and Jurgen Rosenthal made it so well in 1977. Twenty  two years later, their Ocean is still big. I hope you will dive into its  water. Good luck!
0205191584|5.0|This masterful, pithy, crucial, hard-nosed, intellectually unrelenting style book is of course an all-time classic.  Interesting that Dr Strunk had to self-publish it!  The authors wouldn't like my string of adjectives!
6305426651|5.0|Life is beautiful was the best movie I have seen yet.  The movie tells a story yet keeps it in a frame that even a child would understand.  The message, that his father gave his life for his son , is one that everyone  needs to learn especially at this time where it is being told in our  culture that family does not matter and the only thing that is important is  your own feelings and self esteem.  Thank you for making this movie.
B00000IFWE|3.0|i feel &quot;a room at the top of the world&quot; is by far the best cut of the whole cd.Had I listened to this all the way through,I probably would have held off,from buying it.three stars is being liberal.
B000002U82|4.0|&quot;The sun is the same, in a relative way;&quot; This album is really cool. It seems to me to create a forty-odd minute sound collage, like Revolution 9 actually making sense. The nuances for not drug use, but  letting yourself go, are captured well here. &quot;On the Run&quot; and  possibly &quot;Money&quot; are must-listens if you want to find actually  very good music on what opponents call drug music. I just call Dark Side of  the Moon cool.
B000000OUE|5.0|Even though Rob Zombie's band has broken up and he has made a solo album, this is still the Zombie cd to buy if you want heavy - hitting, adrenaline pumping songs. &quot;More Human Than Human&quot; blows you away with its  heavy bass and thrashing guitars. But &quot;Supercharger Heaven&quot; is  the best : fast-paced, catchy, and heavy as hell.
B000002J09|5.0|Like most of the rest of the world I bought Zoso (I call it Zoso) for &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot; For anyone who hasn't heard Stairway (all three of you) it's arguably the single greatest rock song of all time- one  of those rare rock balads that is so mind blowingly good that it alone is  worth the cost of a CD. For those of you who have heard Stairway but don't  buy an album unless they've heard more than one track, then let me assure  you this puppy is worth purchasing- while none of the other songs can  compare to Stairway it has some very definite ear candy- the rest of the  album is uniformly excellent and I think Going to California is a minor  classic. If you're at all into Hard Rock (indeed even if you aren't into  hard rock) this album is a necessity.
B000007XUQ|5.0|Everyone has said it so well but I'll say it again--this is a masterpiece!  &quot;Christmas Portrait,&quot; by the way, was announced as a double-LP set but time ran out and the folks at A&amp;M decided a double-LP set might  prove too much for a lot of folks to afford, so the decision was to put as  much as possible on a single LP.  The C.D. package has everything recorded  for &quot;Christmas Portrait,&quot; plus a few single sides, and then music  Richard produced to complete &quot;An Old Fashioned Christmas,&quot; in  other words, almost everything the Carpenters did for Christmas.  This is  the definitive Christmas album.
B00000IQW3|5.0|I know it's not out yet, but I just wanted to share some comments. My brother and I hold this movie as one of our favorites. With impressive special effects ( for the time), funny dialog, and believable characters  (OK, Xur gets a little silly, but still), The Last Starfighter is a great  one for all ages. The DVD promises to be the best version available yet,  especially considering the only available version is a &quot;censored&quot;  release with a very bad pan-and-scan job from F.H.E. I can't wait for this  to come out.
0790729350|4.0|Sit back , relax , and get ready to be taken back in time. The year is 1969 and the scene is the legendary Woodstock Festival of 1969. This legendary Rock Documantary is &quot;as good as it gets&quot;. It is some of  the best Rock footage ever caught on tape. The performance of  &quot;were  not gonna take it&quot; by the Who is one of the standouts of this four  hour long film. Almost all of the performances will blow your ears off but  what makes this vidoe so special is you feel as if you are inside the heads  of the 300,000 plus people that made it to the festival that August in 1969  while  the Vietnam War was going on thousands of miles away. One scene in  particular stood out in my mind which  was the &quot;Acid warning&quot;.  The crowd was alerted , by a man on stage , that the black acid tabs my not  be very good. He gave the warning and said that it was your trip so do what  you want. The calm and stoic way he spoke of the  black acid problem  personified how different the thinking of drugs was back then and how the  hippie movement was now in full swing.  Love, sex, and drugs ruled this 3  day festivel. I recommend this video to anyone who loves the Rock and Role  of the 1960's and wants to be taken back to some of the best times ever.
B000001Y42|5.0|this cd is phat the best one i have ever listen blaisedavies loves stacey alvanitakis and ron pugh loves heather highfield i think everyone should buy this cd
B000000SDN|1.0|Harnoncourt's &quot;Don Giovanni&quot; I find very, very good; &quot;Marriage of Fogaro&quot;, so so, a very poor Cherubino; but &quot;Cossi fan Tutte&quot;! that is the worst that I have ever heard. What  happened to that glorious music?, to the magnificence of the human voice,  etc? Who can ever think of looking for psicological aspects in the story?  It is just a joke, and even a nasty joke, but leave the music alone Mr.  Harnoncourt, respect it, please. Thank you.
B00000IGGA|5.0|We were all getting nervous waiting for the new CD.  It has been a while, Tom.  What a relief to hear fabulous blues and ballads and brilliant specific lyrics: nothing repetitive, yet good ol' Tom, without question.   No one sounds like you do. My favorites?  Get Behind The Mule (That voice  does it to me every time, and it has a great beat), Eyeball Kid (a bit like  his great trio of 80's CDs - or vinyl - with the requisite creepy lyrics),  Chocolate Jesus (a psycho ballad), and Come On Up To The House - a perfect  ending - strong vocals and accompanyists, lyrics most people will be  willing to give a listen to whether or not they are fans.  I love this  entire CD.  There isn't a cut I skip.  Now you need to do the tour so we  can hear the music live!  I know you must be sick of hearing that, but it  doesn't make the point any less valid.  Congratulations on a work of art  that leaves no fan disappointed.
0780622650|3.0|I enjoyed this movie better at home on my brother's entertainment system than at the theatre, I don't know why.  The special effects and sound do come out nice, but I agree with the previous viewers that say that the  characters were shallow.  In particular, I had trouble believing the young  boy, the teen-angst girl, and Heather Graham were brother and sisters... it  seemed like they barely knew each other, or had no history together  whatsoever.  And what was with that nasal-voiced girl's hair?  They  should've at least have combed it and made it simple, not the  glue-encrusted, bent paintbrush hairs coming out of her skull that they  showed us.  When I first heard that Matt LeBlanc was going to be the  military pilot in the movie, I was like, &quot;oh no,&quot; but he didn't  do that bad of a job at all.  I liked the main music track of the movie  which was funky/cool, and well, my favorite part is that I came out feeling  that there's going to be a part two...
0800177355|5.0|My error on review below. I did not know how to obtain the disk menu. This is a great movie and the sound (once you understand the quirks of your DVD player) is excellent in 5.1!!! But then we country folk are slow learners.
0553502271|4.0|I read this book after seeing Mr. G. interviewed on TV. Lots of people you love to hate and several you want to love. Starts out very strong and lures you in. Towards the end it would seem the author realized his book was  getting a little long so he quickly wrapped it up by killing one of the  main characters and giving the other a new life. When this becomes a movie  (which it probably will) you can bet Mel Gibson or Harrison Ford will take  the lead with some no-name, starkly beautiful actress. However the movie  will probably spend more time developing the characters of the  dysfunctional family and less time on the river swatting bugs. Generally a  good read.
B000002N2P|5.0|GREEN DAY IS MY FAVORITE GROUP EVER! I KNOW THIS C.D. INSIDE OUT! tHE SONGS ARE SO CATCHY AND I SING THEM ALL THE TIME. AT SCHOOL I'M SINGING,&quot;CUZ I'M A WALKING CONTRADICTION, AND I AIN'T GOT NO  RIGHTS&quot;. AT DINNER I'M SINGING &quot;MOM AND DAD DON'T LOOK SO HOT  THESE DAYS. THEIR GETTING OVER THE HILL.&quot; From SONG #2. IF YOU BUY  THIS CD YOU WILL BE OVER WHELMED WITH GREAT FAST PACED PUNK ROCK.
B000001E7L|5.0|I must say I am a big Cranberries fan, even though I won't drink the stuff.  Dolores has a great voice and she uses it well.  I especially love &quot;Zombie&quot;  this sound is Hard, great lyrics and the music  Rocks!!!!.  I love the way the guitar sounds, it goes straight to your  head.  The rest of the album has some interesting stuff thats relaxing. I  can't wait to get &quot;bury the hatchet&quot; the sound  &quot;Promises&quot; is already a Hit....
B00000IGGA|5.0|While there's a little Bone Machine-ness to some of the less melodic tracks, the album is definitely a little more listenable. (Don't get me wrong, I like BM.)  Some songs remind me of ones on Franks Wild Years.  Unlike that album, and a few others now that I think of it, there is not  much of a theme to the Mule Variations songs.  Good album though.
B000006NPY|5.0|Adore is a perfect album as &quot;perfect&quot; is a great sound.  This album has a mixed settig from the emotional to the dark side like &quot;Pug&quot; and &quot;Ava Adore&quot;.  Billy really has a masterpiece  here. This CD is  for a diehard Pumpkin fan  so buy it already
B000003CMB|5.0|It doesn't get much better than this.  I've listened to lots of great rock &amp; roll albums, but this is the one I keep coming back to.  Duane Allman is a magician on this album, everything he does leaves me wanting more.   I've always enjoyed listening to &quot;Derek and the Dominos&quot;, but  this is the CD I crave when I need great guitar.<br /> My only regret, I never  got to see Duane Allman play.
B000003493|4.0|For us dinosaurs old enough to remember the period this is for the most part a realistic look at some of the &quot;minor&quot; bands of the mid to late 60's who were largely &quot;one hit wonders&quot; but put out some  damn good rock.  There are in fact some real nuggets here - the Australian  band  The Easybeats &quot;Friday On My Mind&quot; alone is worth acquiring  this compilation - and the only thing that keeps this from 5 stars is the  somewhat out of place appearance of the Monkees - who really don't belong  here - but at least it is two of their most artistic cuts. I find myself  listening to this one quite often.
B000002BFL|5.0|I listened to The Ghost of Tom Joad about 10 times before I really started to like it.  You need to be in a fairly specific mood to want to listen to it.  It's a far cry from Springteen stadium rock, so if that's what you  expect, you won't like it.  The songs are extremely detailed stories, and  they generally give a voice to people who really don't have one in American  society.  The last song, only 2 minutes long, is particularly fitting for  listeners who were looking for another blockbuster record from Springsteen  and immediately dismissed this album as being below par.  On the contrary,  it's excellent.
6303832563|5.0|This video can be had, but it is expensive. I've seen them on EBAY.com for $50-100. Way high, but if you gotta have it, there it is. I imagine ditto soundtrack.
6303695825|5.0|When I first saw Triumph of the Will in the late 80's, it struck me deeply both as a film student and as a Jew. I still struggle, as have many others, to understand how Germans were so utterly swept away by Nazi fervor. You  can read endless books trying to climb inside what seems like an alien  psychology from musty decades past, and then there is the electrifying  power imprisoned in Triumph of the Will. In an inverted way the film  reminds me of Raiders of the Lost Ark: an ancient relic that contains a  dormant, still-vital force. This one is reawakened by the simple act of  running it through a projector. To feel and not merely see that reflected  glory, even decades later in a different society, is Riefenstahl's genius.  Damn it, it IS beautiful. And terrible.
6300214354|5.0|Throughly entertaining from the beginning \\"Skeet Surfing\\" to the names of the men in the Resistance: Deja Vu, Latrine, Chocolate Mousse, etc. You will enjoy seeing a young Val Kilmer at work.
6304011431|5.0|This is not a happy movie, but it has its times, but the main thing on the movie is that it teaches u about the real meaning of truth and love, shows you that love is powerfull and it is highter than things such as outside  beauty. I highly recommend this movie who wants to make your life better  for yourself and to others around you.
B0000025BL|4.0|This is music to dance by, music to sweat by, music to be drunk by.  &quot;Paradise by the Dashboard Light&quot; is a true classic---brings back my dancing days at the Shandygaff in State College, PA when I was a student  at Penn State.  Buy this CD and dance your a** off!
B000002MIF|5.0|Listening to this cd at 4AM after hearing Never Mind the Bullocks it's like ice to the pistol's fire. Both bands sing lyrics that are more serious than their dramatization. That gap is the genius of it. Morrisey's voice is  perfect.
B000005RTD|5.0|This album produced many of the Saxon classics that are still being showcased at their live performances.  Saxon scored direct hits with the opening quartet of &quot;Motorcycle Man&quot;, &quot;Stand Up and Be  Counted&quot;, &quot;747(Strangers in the Night)&quot;, and &quot;Wheels of  Steel&quot;. The second side doesn't let up and ends with another concert  favorite &quot;Machine Gun&quot;. I've often wondered why Saxon never  became more popular here in the States. They have every element that makes  a great band and &quot;Wheels of Steel&quot; does nothing but confirm this  statement.
B000002TQV|5.0|That cliche doesn't exist in with this album - Easily one of the greatest records ever made - I think Thom Yorke is from another planet - His voice is just sick and gives me chills throughout the record - This album flows  so well, it's ridiculous - People say OK Computer is their best work -  Somehow, I don't agree - Not too many bands from this decade seem to  remember what a melody and a real guitar solo in the right place is - This  is Pink Floyd meets Ziggy Stardust - But, don't be mistaken, Radiohead have  developed their own sound - As far as '90's bands go, they are right up  there with the Black Crowes, Pearl Jam and the Verve - The Bends is  timeless....
B000005RNQ|5.0|On &quot;Denim and Leather&quot;, Saxon clearly demonstrates why they are one of heavy metal's guiding lights. While  lesser bands mindlessly put riffs together, Saxon has a firm grasp of the elements that go into writing  good songs. On several tracks, like &quot;Denim and Leather&quot;,  &quot;Princess of the Night&quot;,  as well as &quot;And the Bands Played   On&quot;, Saxon reveals a penchant for strong hooks, anthemic choruses, and  soaring thematic guitar structures. This is the album that brought Saxon to  the forefront of the early 80's metal scene and established them as a  emerging power. This album is a classic representation of the early stages  of Saxon's career and should be a part of your collection. Play it loud!
0553210246|5.0|THis book was intresting becaues of its plot, and the vivid charters. Each charater was very disticnt and you were always able to understand him and sympthize with him no matter what he did. The book was brillantly writen at  that. Buy it now.
B0000025CP|5.0|It would be difficult for any band to follow-up an album as good as &quot;Sin After Sin&quot;. Priest not only accomplished that with &quot;Stained Class&quot;, but they also created a sonic masterpiece in the  process. This is Judas Priest at their best. No other album in the heavy  metal genre has since combined the elements of lyrical content,  musicianship, and songwriting in such a cohesive and sonically lethal  fashion. The album is a cybernetic blueprint that would establish a path  for countless other bands to follow. Each aspect is honed to razor-sharp  perfection. Glen Tipton's guitar solos on &quot;Beyond the Realm of  Death&quot; and &quot;Exciter&quot;, are absolutely brilliant. Each song  kills from beginning to end. This is the one Judas Priest recording you  have to get if your a true fan.
0792151712|5.0|I wont go into to much detail of who greating the acting was. It was, all the preforamnce were exaclently done. Dicaprio and Winslet were both excallent and real. But the story telling I think has not gotten all the  attenion it deserves. The story telling to me was simply increable and  worked exaclently when combined with the actors( captures their expression  and movemoents brillantly) the story telling brings to mind Eisenstein. The  films emtions are capture through brillant story telling that makes every  thing seem vivd. Along with music and cinematography and the excellant  leads the film is vivid haunting and lyrical.
B000000H42|5.0|Don't Break the Oath is the only recording I have by these guys, but it's a really intense effort. The musicianship is outstanding. The twin guitars of Michael Denner and Hank Sherman blister the listerner with emotive,  classically-influenced leads. The bass and drums create a pounding backdrop  for King Diamond's often shrill vocal forays. There is also a nice mellow  piece , &quot;For One Far Away&quot;, that has some acoustic guitar  providing the backdrop for the mournful cries of twin lead guitars. There  are alot of things to like about this band and &quot;Don't Break the  Oath&quot;, would be a fine introduction to their music.
630382790X|1.0|All the special effects aside, this film is not really that good. THe film is nothing more than a john wayne film with lots of gloss and realism. Tom hanks is not really that good of an actor and this simplistic role proves  it ,
B000006Y12|3.0|This album is the worst of this band.  The musical content is very plain and shallow.  The band has developed amazingly after this album (in &quot;the mind's eye&quot;, for example).  The lyrics are too depressed and  pastoral for me.  The main thing that lacks though is sound.
B00000ICD9|5.0|Thinking the movie was named &quot;Color of dreams&quot; I searched 10 other video sites until I came to Amazon.  Still typing &quot;color of dreams&quot;, amazon's advanced search found &quot;Color of dreams&quot; as  a close match.  Now with the correct name, I searched the other sites to  compare costs.. Amazon was the only site to offer both the lowest cost -  and available in DVD format.  Next time I look for a book or movie, i'll  stop at amazing.com first.. err, amazon.com first.
B000008JUM|5.0|Obviousely, not all the 20 tracks will be to everyone's taste. For me, 10 of the 20 tracks were absolutely AWESOME, 2 were better left off and the rest were OK.  Overall though, definately worth it.
6304458223|5.0|Fly Away Home is a wonderful DVD and I would buy it if I were you
1558908382|5.0|If there was a movie (becides &quot;Raiders of the Lost Ark&quot; and the &quot;Evil Dead&quot; flicks) that kept me from getting bored during some part of it, it would have to be this one. The script and actors made for a  very entertaining movie. Cusak and his co-writers made it possible. Also  adding Benny &quot;The Jet&quot; was awsome. Never thought that I would see  John Cusak in a fight seen with a Jackie Chan great such as Benny &quot;The  Jet&quot;. Anyway, I would recommend this movie to anyone who wants a fresh  new idea.
B000001EXR|1.0|Simply:  This &quot;album&quot; is a waste of time, money, and effort.  This is Kiss' worst album, yet.  Even &quot;Music from the Elder&quot; had redeeming qualities--it has a &quot;theme&quot; some ballads, and rhythm.   This album &quot;Carnival&quot; is trash.  I'm embarassed to tell people  that I'm a Kiss fan when I listen to this.  I would go to the End of the  world for Kiss.  This album, however, should have been the death of Kiss.   Sad.  They can't play alternative--there are better bands for that.  This  album is simply trash.
0385493800|5.0|This is a master piece.  Though not as fast paced as The Rainmaker, this is truly one the year's best.
B000001FMQ|5.0|This album is one of Kiss' strongest.  No, it didn't get much air-time or &quot;professional credit.&quot;  There are SEVERAL songs on this album that push KISS to the level of MASTERS of MUSIC--no, not just rock and  roll, but ROCK and roll.  In their usual style, LISTEN to the LYRICS.  Kiss  has always been a band about &quot;believing in yourself and you can do  anything.&quot;  This album, with its sex songs, too, is a strong album in  endorsing the belief, &quot;believe in yourself.&quot;<br />I rank this album  as top 3rd of 4th of their careers.  Fresh new material.  Desmond Child,  while Gene was not fond of his influence, the truth is:  the best songs  Kiss has ever produced, sang, written, and driven have been co-written by  Desmond Child.
0380789019|4.0|Not all in all a bad book.  Amusing, dark, not actually scary, it reminded me unfortunately of Clive Barker (can't stand 'im) at times.  The writing was good when it was appropriately light and dark near simultaneously--for  example, the ordeal which Our Hero tries sensibly to avoid, where he is  given a cup of nice tea and then the book launches into a very nice bit of  horror, is well done.  On the other hand, the book was missing the vitality  present in Gaiman's comics, which use their illustrations to the fullest  effect.  The book just felt a little flat at parts.
B000001ELR|3.0|I agree with the other reviewers in that this album was a strong, solid, return to &quot;hard-rock&quot; for the band. . .but the attempt at Paul's Ballad (&quot;I still love you&quot;) was too strained.<br />I am the world's  greatest Kiss fan, but the change of covers, a few weak songs, and lack of  strong support could have placed Kiss in the history books for good.   <br />I'd buy it if I were a kiss fan, but for strong rock, this isn't the  album the band is capable of doing.
B0000013G9|5.0|Eventhough I have yet to purchase the current &quot;Fanmail&quot; cd yet, I still listen to this album.... Good beats, raps and balladering are all showcased on this particular album.....I really like &quot;Red Light  Special&quot;, &quot;Kick Your Game&quot; and &quot;Take Our Time&quot;, a  sexy provacative ballad sung by Rozanda Thomas only...............Keep up  da good work girls!!!!
6300151379|5.0|This  movie is so outrageously wonderful! Why can I not get a copy of Labryinth?  This is pathetic.  I am willing to pay good money for it and it is impossible to be obtained.  Please release at least me a copy of it, and  everyone else who is dying to have it.  E-mail me when someone has my good  news.
0195067142|5.0|I was introduced to this amazing book via a WWII history course at the University of Kansas. Sledge transports the reader to a place and time foreign to many, yet makes us feel everything that happened to him and his  company. If you don't think that &quot;War is Hell&quot;, read this book,  and you will change your mind. This is such an amazing book that I actually  did not sell it back at the end of the semester - quite a feat for a  starving college student!
630512065X|5.0|I think cats is soooo cool! I love it! i can't stop waching it. The costumes are awsome and there makeup is cool to.My favorit cat is Munkustrap. His costume and his voice is so cool.Well, bye for now!
B000005HBI|5.0|Cassandra Wilson is truly one of the great jazz singers who uses her voice as an instrument. She uses contrasting rhythms, tones, and sound effects to create a rather subtly intense environment of exotic music that tittilates  your senses. A must have album for any musician who appreciates exotic  improvisation.
0792840461|5.0|Watching Norman Jewison's Thomas Crown Affair makes anyone wonder why a remake would be necessary. Thirty years later this film still holds up well compared to many of the newer crime dramas.   Steve McQueen's versatility  as an actor radiates in this film, it's still amazing that he wasn't  even  considered for the role. After pleading for a chance to Norman Jewison he  won the part and silenced many of his critics.  With a great supporting  cast, especially Faye Dunaway as the cunning Miss Vicki one wonders why  anyone would want to be part of a remake. This is a very tough act to  follow.  Before you see the remake watch the original then compare. Nothing  against Pierce Brosnan but stick to 007, you're no Steve McQueen.
0767805712|5.0|Can you believe the guy who wrote this story also wrote &quot;The Truman Show&quot;?<br />Gattaca is an absolute masterpiece in story, photography, and especially music.  Despite this, I had never heard of it until a freind  recommended it.<br />The Truman show is just a big pile of horse dung.  Hyped  to the extreme, this movie was absolutely unoriginal and boring.  They were  mentioning Truman Show around Oscar time, and I felt physically ill.<br />Buy  Gattaca and see it and think about it and understand how science fiction  should always be written.  Buy Truman show and watch as it collects dust.
B000001GMH|4.0|The sound in this recording is, as stated above, big and full, and the orchestra plays excellently. The chorus sounds good, but unfortunately is too quiet in relation to the orchestra. Previn does a wonderful job  conducting, both in this and in the Emi recording (Emi-56444), though a few  tempos are too slow. The baritone, Anthony Michaels-Moore, sings  beautifully and fully, and is one of the best I have heard in this piece. I  would prefer John Aler, in Philips' Ozawa recording (Philips-22363), to  Frank Lopardo as tenor, but Barbara Bonney is perfect as the soprano, and  especially shines in Dulcissime. Overall, the recording is one of the best  I have heard.
6305252521|1.0|The Truman Show was an absolutely unoriginal, poorly presented product of Entertainment Tonight style all glitz no substance horse manure.<br />I'm serious.  I bet horse manure would make for better viewing.  I'm going to  go film a couple hours of it, and then see if I can get the Hollywood  machine to hype it up as an &quot;Oscar contender&quot;.<br />The Story -  Crap.<br />Jim Carrey's Performance - Average.
6305265488|5.0|First of all, I saw this movie b/c my fave actress of all time was in it..Drew Barrymore.  She's phenomenal in everything she does, and it is so cool how she has managed to put her past behind her and move on.  Anyway,  about the movie...This movie was a great Cinderella story...totally the  most believable and best yet.  This is my favorite movie of all time, and I  have seen it exactly 5 1/2 times..I'm obsessed with the theme of forbidden  love and betrayal, and that scum Margurite.  PS.  If you haven't read  Thomas Moore's UTOPIA yet...be sure to!
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is a love story.  It is betrayal, ignorance, bliss, and forgiveness.  It is not about hate, it is about anger.  It is not about violence, it is about reaching inside and facing your own demons.  Tool has  continually turned out excellent music, and I feel Aenima does their  reputation justice.  Maynard James Keenan has a voice that transcends any  other in the music business.  It is clear, and beautiful and full of an  exquisite pain/bliss that I can only hope one day to understand.  The  musicians are so talented, and you can tell by their music that they love  what they are doing.  Alone, these men could not be half as amazing as they  are together.  That is another lesson of their music and especially this  CD.  I didn't think that it could get better after Undertow, but I was  wrong . . . this changes everything.
B00000IMTH|4.0|What more can you ask??? Ritchie Blackmore, Ronnie J. Dio &amp; Cozy Powell !!! Not so good as &quot;Rising&quot; (IMHO), but definitely a 4.5 stars record!!!!
6301967992|5.0|This is one the greatest movies I have ever seen. It blends horror and humor in a way I have not seen since.  Great movie for teenagers(15 or above)as well.
0205191584|4.0|Strunk and White's volume advances the hope that people will become better writers and offers concrete rules that will help us avoid the blunders that most quickly expose our ignorance.  But, its not enough.  To become better  writers, we must change the way we think about writing.  Strunk &amp; White  don't go far enough.  If you have already mastered many of the tips in this  volume, I strongly recommend Joseph M. Williams' &quot;Style: Ten Lessons  in Clarity &amp; Grace.&quot;  It takes the discussion that Strunk &amp;  White initiated to the next level.
6300181340|5.0|What a terrific cast!  Tippi Hedren is very good in it and, god, is she beautiful!  The scene where she is waiting outside the school with the crows collecting on the jungle gym behind her is so damn suspenseful.   Interesting that there is no music in it whatsoever.  The tension and  scares are created by the shrill cries of the birds (real and electronic)  themselves -- it had the same heartstopping effect that the violins did in  the shower scene in &quot;Psycho.&quot;
B00000ICD9|5.0|If you like action and carnage and can't understand why people love movies that shift their tear ducts into overdrive, or movies that require you to look deeper than the script to find the story...you will probably HATE this  movie.   For those of us that enjoy the experience of a movie that brings  out intense emotions, a movie that requires you to &quot;read between the  lines&quot; to really enjoy it...BUY THIS MOVIE!   The message in this  movie is deep, and the storyline and special effects bring it all togther.   There are no rules in heaven or hell and the true love of a soulmate can  bring a soul back from the pits of hell. I didn't get to see this movie in  the theater (it would have been awesome!) Even on a TV the special effects  are stunning (sometimes, just a bit harsh due to the intensity of the  colors).  Unlike anything I've ever seen in a movie.  But I really think it  is the story that makes this movie.  It made me take another look at my own  relationship with my love.
B000003TA4|5.0|In Bloom and Polly Make this C-D Kick If u like Nirvana you will Love this C-D
0345350499|5.0|I've read and re-read this book many times, as well as enjoyed the audio cassette version, which is excellent.  The Aurthurian legend told from the women's perspective is both timely and transports one back to the fantasy  realm of childhood.  Simply a superb book.
6303832563|5.0|How come it is not available and so many seem to require it? Fortunately we possess several VHS copies bought from stores years ago and many more copied on my own. Will cling on them yet, hope VHS and DVDs comes out soon!  If the problem is that the release of powerful visual messages with a high  content of truth could be felt to be socially de-stabilizing, (perhaps we  are naive) we do think they are not. Hence, It should be freely seen for  the many to think about so as to know that at least something is been done  about those things such as: a)letting the movie be available and b)that  there are places where the problem is very seriously addressed to so as to  see a clear way out of this potential quagmire.......
B00000IHHM|5.0|As an American who speaks not a word of French, I am amazed at this album. (I just happen to like musicals and picked up a copy in Paris.)  The melodies a sinuous and haunting, the vocals superb.  I'm dying to see the  acutal production.
0140177396|5.0|I'm the girl who cries over anything sappy. That's just how I am. I was captivated by the way Steinbeck used description! Throughout the novel, it was so detailed that I probably could have drawn it. But the end, oh the  end! It made me so sad, but I realized how fantastically honest the entire  novel is. It's great.
0792151720|5.0|I think there is a certain subset of people who are determined to not like this movie.<br />Most of the people who don't like this movie are slightly pretentious and like all their movies to be edgy and hip.  Titanic is not a  hip film, and it has traditional values, and it is very big-budget.  That,  I think, is the cause of most of the one-star reviews--some people are  bound and determined to label this movie before opening their minds to  it.<br />With that said, I think this is one of the most powerful films I've  seen in recent past.  I'm currently on my fourth viewing and it still  hasn't lost its effect on me.  Sure, the dialogue isn't hip and cutting,  but dialogue wasn't hip and cutting back in 1914.  What this is is a story  about morals, about class systems and humanity, more than just a Hollywood  love story (which, in my mind, is really no more than a secondary theme).   It's also beautifully filmed and has a great score.<br />I think this is  probably the first and only big-budget, much-hyped film that I wasn't  disappointed by in the theater.  This is NOT Independence Day or Twister  (thank God!)  This has all the elements of a classic movie, and I would  recommend it to anyone.
0553573403|5.0|The odd thing about a lot of fantasy novels is that the ideas of what makes a good story do not consists of any really new ideas. The problem is trying to make them work. Game of Thrones creates a fantasy world that is  full of mystery, action, intrigue, and suspense that is just plain fun to  read. So many stories always have magical elements that sometimes seem to  get too godlike or omnipotent at the cost of coherence. (maybe that's why  it's magic eh?) Finally! It is refreshing to see a story that has magic as  a strong part of the story but in a much more subtle way. No wizards  blasting away at each other, but the characters all know and fear magic as  something completely unknown. In short magic is actually mysterious and  well, magical. Combine this with a chessgame of a story and I see an  excellent series. Can't wait to read more.
0767821769|5.0|I don't know why they decided to avoid concluding the real issue, as far as the birth-mom, step-mom thing is concerned, however, this is still one of the most gripping movies that I have ever seen.   I am very much  involved with the ACS, so I am hoping that the cop-out will at least have a  positive effect on our fund-raising efforts.   At any rate, it is  definitely worth seeing.
B000005RFQ|5.0|This is what I consider to be Sabbath's last album.  After this, there were so many lineup changes, the band basically deteriorated into a Tony Iommi solo project. <br />Don't believe all of the derogitory comments you  hear about this album; it is a classic.  It is a horrible shame that Ian  Gillan didn't stick it out with Sabbath longer than this.  His vocals fit  in perfectly with Sabbath's style on this album, which is heavier than  anything from any point in their history.  Gillan's vocals on the sinister  &quot;Disturbing the Priest&quot; is so menacing it would send the guys  from Slayer running out of the room.<br />&quot;Trashed&quot; is another  classic track.  It is about a wreck Gillan had during the recording while  driving under the influence.  It may be politically incorrect, but it kicks  harder than anything Sabbath has released since the early Ozzy days.   &quot;Zero The Hero&quot; has a great riff which Guns n' Roses later used  for &quot;Paradise City,&quot; and &quot;Hotline&quot; is a great song that  I wind up singing to myself days after I last listened to the album.<br />If  you expect this album to sound like a cross between Deep Purple and Black  Sabbath, don't worry about it.  This album is all Sabbath, and Gillan turns  in an awesom performance.  If you like Sabbath at any stage of their  career, whether it be with Ozzy, Dio, or Martin, get this album.  It will  not disappoint.
B0000026UV|5.0|This isn't a country music CD; it's a collaboration between two great guitar players who like and respect one another. One of the most enjoyable parts of listening to the music is to pick out who's playing what. There's  humor, too,and it's good road music. It's a winner, and wears well over  time.
B000002GYR|5.0|This album is one of them: one of those few albums that transcends the forms that make up it's substance and become TIMELESS.  That's what this album is: TIMELESS.  These emotions are always current.
B000003BDJ|1.0|This compilation is a crappy release.  Sure, the songs are awesome, but all, except &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot; are on the Singles 3CD set.  This set was released just after the dawn of the CD era, and, as a result,  includes album length CD's.  All CD compilations, especially those by bands  with incredible catalogs, should be at least 75 minutes long.  Each disc  here wastes 30 minutes.  This compilation set should have been erased long  ago.  Give us a release that is up to Stones scratch!
B0000072TX|5.0|In this debut album...the world is introduced to its new lyrical mastermind Eddie Vedder...though at times it sounds commercial, and mainstream...his strong voice is shown in Release and Alive to name a  few....in all this album takes listeners on a rollercoaster ride of  emotions...from high energy in even flow and alive..to mellow with release  and black
0553275569|2.0|This book is very detailed, and is quite humorous and fun the read.  However, the acuracy is lacking.  He was very cruel in his portrayal of Grissom, implying through the writing that he was at fault for the sinking  of the capsule, when there is a good deal of evidence against that.  Plus,  I read an interview with Shepard where he said that it would have been nice  if Wolfe had interviewed teh astronauts themselves before writing it.  Yes,  that would have been nice.  But, like I said before, it is an entertianing  book.  But if your looking for facts, there are much better sources.
0805023461|5.0|My 15-month old son whose favorite book has been Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You see? has found a new favorite in Polar Bear, Polar Bear, What Do You hear?  He shrieks with delight as he hears us make the animal sounds  and sees the colorful illustration, Mr. Carle is so well known for.  My  question is, What next?  When can we expect the next in series of wonderful  tales of animals living in perfect harmony, accompanied by the beautiful  illustrations??
6301562178|5.0|This is a movie I saw in metal class.  I loved it because it had so much action.  I could hardly take my eyes away from the screen.  There was so much to see, and I thought the plot was good.  It's one of the most  action-packed movies ever!
B000002NIW|2.0|&quot;Shove it&quot; and &quot;Rickets&quot; are good songs, but the rest are nothing special. The one thing that pisses me of, is that this band is such a blatant KoRn ripoff. I swear, the Deftones should just change their  name to &quot;KoRn Lite&quot;, because that's what they are. I had this CD,  but traded it for Pantera's &quot;Great Southern Trendkill&quot; album. It  was a very good exchange.
014028009X|5.0|I read this book recommended by a female friend, and since then it hasn't stopped in my bookshelf. All my girlfrien love it. The single ones find a lot of things in common with Bridget Jones. It's a great book.
6300151379|5.0|This is the best all-around movie ever to come from Hollywood, I agree with everyone else, rerelease the movie, NOW!  Between me and my sister, my little brother didn't get a chance to see it, (the tape wore out!).
0790734443|5.0|This movie was the best batman movie ever.  Val Kilmer proves that he will always remain to be the truly a  DarkKnight.  His performance was amazing. He blew me away.  That should let him return as Batman in part 5.  The  other cast were good, but didn't show enough of the character to be them.   Except Jim Carrey, Nicole Kidman, Chris O'Donnell, and the guy who played  Alfred.  Tommy Lee Jones was not Two-Face he was more like a street punk  than a villain.  They-Joel shouldhave used Mel Gibson as Harvey Dent. Mel  would prove to be a much better twoface.  The movie itself was excellent  and awesome to look at. I love the batcave, the car, and the gadgets.  Vals  Bat suit was amazing I loved. It looked like a superhero costume. I loved  the special effects and the music.  it was the best ever. So buy it. if you  are a fan of batman, watch this movie you'll be blown away.
0393964582|4.0|I'd just like to respond to the fellow from Minnesota who submitted a response.  Shelley wrote the book in 1818.  1818.  Think about it.
0385493800|5.0|The Testament is an excellent novel which will keep you on edge trying to skip chapters to get to the outcome.  Mr Grisham is an outstanding writer who should be appreciated for his talent.
B000009QPK|5.0|This album comprises some of Slayer's best songs, and they're all live! All are good tracks, especially the ones from reign in blood. GET THIS ALBUM! a great value for the price of a normal CD. Awesome stuff!
6305364648|4.0|this movie rocks, it's Jim &quot;Titanic&quot; Cameron on command of a high octane spy adventure starring Scharwzenegger (&quot;Arny&quot;) and Lee Curtie (&quot;Jamie&quot;). It's incredible 'till the movie comes to  its end and this succesion of incredibles shots (the fuel over the water,  the bridge, the Harrier, ...)...<br />enjoy... :)
B0000019PA|1.0|The lesson to be learned here is &quot;that which is bizarre is not necessarily brilliant.&quot; Nor is it indicative of talent.&quot;  Use your money for something far more rewarding - take your mom out to lunch.
0792836014|3.0|Improvisation and behind-the-scenes, the movie rates an 'A,' however for concert performance  check out Elvis:  Aloha from Hawaii, although I've only ever seen it available on tape or VCD.
0312857063|5.0|Well i finished the wizards first rule and i didnt think the series could get any better.  I soon found out i was wrong.  This book is loaded with creative imagining.  I was really impressed by this beautiful story.  It  caught me with the first page and wouldnt let go.  This book deserves six  stars.  Absolutly wonderful.
6302824613|5.0|This is the most awesome movie I've ever seen. Perhaps its late, and its the icedtea thats talking, but this movie contained so many different styles of humor and spoofs from so many different angles, that all work  together! You really have to see it to understand it.
B000002J09|5.0|the sound quality is great, the band is great, the track list is great what more do you want. If you are a rock drummer this is a must get and John Bonham (Bonzo) should be on the top of your listening list you shoul  also listen very carefully to his bass drum and remember it is almost  always singal. the way he plays it so fast is he hits his heel then his toe  it is called double footing if you work on it you will be able to do buzz  rolls(ruffs) on your bass drum an it will increase your footing by 2X. get  this CD and good luck
6305350205|3.0|The Final Frontier isn't as bad as everyone thinks.  If you remember the original series, then you will realize that this movie harkens back to the interplay of the Big 3, Kirk, Spock, and McCoy.  Would have been a better  film if Paramount wouldn't have cut the budget during production.   Shatner's direction is superb.
630018403X|5.0|By the subject, I mean a film which brought to life what most people think, but many never admit to.  The clash between cliques and cultures is adeptly portrayed in this film.  The genius of the film is truly witnessed  in the scene when they bring to face the group dynamics, with the  revelation that they must start on Monday with their masks on again.  The  teacher (or principal?  It's really not specified), is an added bonus,  because his insecurities and issues are brought front.  This movie had no  amazing special effects, probably saved thousands on setting and casting  costs, and is usually one of the first movies brought to mind when  recalling 80's movie pop culture.  I heard a rumor that there was going to  be a sequel, demonstrating how these kids are doing in present day.  I am  dubious, but would attend in a heartbeat.
B000005AYM|5.0|ERYKAH sets a really nice mood for those cozy &quot;nights in&quot; - kind of in the romantic sexy vein of RIA, MAXWELL, etc.  Love it!
0812505085|5.0|This book was a pleasant read from start to finish.  A minimum of imagination is required to get suspense and entertainment from Stevenson's classic story.  It is also rather short.  For a good action plot  demonstrating Georgian British lifestyle and values get this book.
B00000IGGA|4.0|The album's first two songs are exceedingly mediocre.  The first, &quot;Big in Japan&quot;, benefits not at all from Les Claypool's normally-dominant bass playing.  Many of Waits' songs have been static, as  this song is, but they're usually redeemed by unusual arrangments and,  above all, by Waits' lyrics, which are reduced on this track to a list that  strives to be clever.  &quot;Lowside of the Road&quot; features better  lyrics, up to Tom's usual standard, but the music is once again monotonous  and sounds like a conservatory attempt at a work song.  Having said all  that (for the double sake of truth and balance), the album ascends to  expected heights starting with the third track, &quot;Hold On&quot;, and  scarcely lets up from that point on.  The stylistic palette Waits has  chosen for the album includes gospel, Delta blues and work songs,  rock/hip-hop, spoken-word and avant-garde (on the centerpiece, &quot;What's  He Building in There&quot;), sparse melodic rock reminiscent of Springsteen  (and of Waits' own early and mid-80s material), and the twisted usage of  Balinese vocal samples on &quot;The Eyeball Kid&quot;.  His lyrics (we  shouldn't neglect to mention that for more than a decade, he has been  co-writing his songs with his wife, Kathleen Brennan, who never seems to  receive the credit she probably deserves) edge close to the maudlin  (&quot;House Where Nobody Lives&quot;) and to the self-consciously Rustic  Americana, but one of Waits' longtime strengths is his ability (whether  cultivated or inherent) to counter mawkish sentiment with his voice - maybe  that's why Louis Armstrong's reading of &quot;What a Wonderful World&quot;  remains so beloved.  But Mule Variations contains some truly strange and  evocative lyrics (as always), strange because of their metaphor-laden  underbelly perspectives, evocative because those perspectives create a  world that's as tender as it is abrasive.  It's probably this tenderness  found in &quot;Georgia Lee&quot;,&quot;Picture in a Frame&quot;, and  &quot;Take It with Me&quot; (especially this last song) that make the album  so palatable and sa(l)ve some of the more forced outlaw imagery.
B00000IL67|4.0|Thank you, Brian, for this collection! The single versions remind me of the time when I was 13 &amp; waiting for the new Cooper record to appear... Thanks also for the rare songs which were so hard (and expensive) to get on  vinyl in these past years: And now theyre finally put together in one box  &amp; in great sound quality! Nevertheless I hope that PART 5 of &quot;The  Life &amp; Crimes&quot; will appear soon, for some of the most important  rare songs are still missing, such as &quot;Next&quot; from the  &quot;Sextette&quot; movie, &quot;Im A Boy&quot; from Dalteys birthday  party, &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; and others unplugged from a radio  show, &quot;Under My Wheels&quot; LIVE with GnR, &quot;All Strapped  Up&quot; and &quot;A Hard Days Night&quot; he only played live, the songs  from the &quot;Mupppet Show&quot;, the &quot;Roadie&quot;-version of  &quot;Pain&quot; etc. Dont leave that job to the bootleggers, Brian! But  for me - to finally have a full-length version of &quot;Hard Rock  Summer&quot; was worth the wait and the price! So, go on and buy it, and -  always REMEMBER THE COOP!
B000001EPB|4.0|I loved the show; I loved meeting Michael Flatley afterwards, backstage, at the San Francisco show; he is a warm, and engaging man; and I love moving to the music. I listen to it while I do the stairmaster at the gym  and I get the best workout.  I just skip over all the slow songs! My  daughter who does Irish dance will be performing in a talent show to one of  the songs; she and her three friends choreographed their own dance and are  fabulous!  The music inspires them to a higher level.  And last, but not  least, we enjoy listening to it on the cd player in our mini-van when we go  out as a family!  The music is very uplifting (again; we skip the slow ones  and the singing; a little too dreary for our taste!) Listen and move to it!   Enjoy!
0375707972|4.0|&quot;The Reader&quot; is written in a deceptively simple style, but it is not simplistic.  The story of Hanna and Michael, in my mind, is a metaphor for the brutality that the Germans perpetrated on their victims.  Hanna may  have had excuses for her behavior (everyone does), but in the end what she  did was very harmful to a young and impressionable boy.  Why does the  author segue from this odd relationship to a depiction of the horrors of  the Holocaust?  He is trying to force us to think about the moral choices  that people make in situations that are not simple or clear cut.  Is Hanna  morally innocent in her relationship with Michael and in the way that she  behaved in her former life?  Should she be forgiven by Michael and by her  other victims? Schlink raises these and other questions that make the  reader uncomfortable and that force us to think about difficult issues.  &quot;The Reader&quot; is intriguing and unnerving but it is also  unforgettable.
0790740249|5.0|This is a great movie.  It is accurate in the details of some of the most famous Serial Killers in history.  Harry Connick, Jr. portrays the &quot;scariest&quot; person I have ever seen.  I am a self proclaimed  horror movie addict, and this one, by far, with the exception of Alfred  Hitchcock's &quot;Psycho&quot;, is one of the best.  One recommendation,  don't watch it alone!!
B00000IMYA|5.0|I heard the whole thing last night on WKCR (NY), spun by producer Phil Schapp, as the finale for the 2 week long Ellington 24/7 special.  It easily lives up to the impossible moniker as one of the best jazz concerts  ever.  You have to hear it to beleive it - it will blow your socks off.  It  is truly a miraculous concert with an amazing history.  This record will  become as standard as a no. 2 pencil.
B000002H2Z|4.0|whenever my head goes back to the late 80s i gravitate toward this piece of plastic.  it  sounded really dark at the time, not so much now.  but it still sounds honest.  it still sounds like it was recorded in a cold  basement while, outside, the 90s loomed with an ear cocked toward this  knowing noise....
6302000823|5.0|What a movie! This movie will bring tears to the eyes of anyone who watches. It has a great combination of comedy love and drama.
6303257844|5.0|From the opening scene to the very last, this movie grabs you and takes you on a tremendous ride of action and suspense.  There is romance and more than a hint of humor -- and Dennis Hopper is EXCELLENT as the  &quot;villian&quot;!  This is the same Keenu Reeves that was in &quot;Bill  and Ted's Excellent Adventure&quot;?  Boy has he MATURED (and bulked up as  well)!  And Sandra Bullock makes the character of &quot;Annie&quot; so very  real.  This is an absolute &quot;MUST SEE&quot;!
B000002NJS|5.0|I really liked this album! My favorite songs are the immediately catchy 'Swim', Ray of Light, and 'Power of Goodbye' (I LOVE the words to that one)<br />I think this album's a good dance album. Madonna's also become more  focused,writing more deeper, thought-provoking and spiritual lyrics. I like  it. <br />People who liked this stuff will also like Jesus and Mary Chain's  'Honey's Dead'.
0783227019|5.0|Carlito's Way is one of the best crime films of all time.  De Palma's films are usually hit or miss, but this time he definitely hit the bull's eye.  The acting of Pacino and Penn is spectacular as usual.  I really  thought De Palma/Pacino were great working together on Scarface, but  Carlito's Way is definitely a much better effort.
B000001FY9|5.0|I LOVE every song on this album, but my favorites are 'Woman No Cry', 'Don't Worry' 'Once Love'. <br />My children also love this album, especially 'Don't you worry, cuz every little thing's gonna be alright....':)
6305358613|1.0|Cate Blanchett's performance is as stunning as the historical trashing of the much beloved Virgin Queen Elizabeth. Undeniably, it is another defilement of a great historical leader that rallied her forces to keep  England a sovereign nation and the richest nation on earth at the time.  Nothing in this film, except the lurid and languorous travails of Hollywood  scriptwriters who cannot present something worthy to a public only  interested in steamy sexuality, is close to the truth. Elizabeth was a  bold, visionistic, and cunning woman married to her people and a staunch  defender of the realm. The American public's appetite for sexual impurity  in cinema is obvious since we only see a woman naked every fifteen or  twenty minutes. Exactly what does the sexual perversities of this age have  to do with a great Monarch? Absolutely nothing. No offence to Amazon.com  but this trash deserves no treatment except extreme disgust by the ignorant  to glory in its travesty of inaccuracies. I am incredibly surprised to see  Sir Richard Attenborough take part in making this debauchery of film. He  should know better and the American public's appetite for trashing cinema  has gone to far. Soon we will be parading Mary Poppins as a cavorting  w***e... Elizabethian history suggests ABSOLUTELY no substance to the  audacious claims she was a wild young woman before dedicating herself  completely to the throne. Only Sir Francis Drake (I believe) may have been  an actual lover. Get real Hollywood and stop trashing people in an Oliver  Stonian tradition just to make some money and satiate the sick lust for sex  of the American public. The film was incredibly well-made but lacks any  authenticity or truth which...is the reason we make such films in the first  place. Watch Elizabeth R for some real truth and a piece of history.  Otherwise, just watch this for erotica or, should I say, cheap and tawdry  sex defiling a Queen of Majestic Glory. I'm sure no would do this to a  virtuous woman like Mary Todd Lincoln. Well, perhaps.....<br />Cameron  Xavierra Rowe, Chief Executive Officer,  Crescent Moon Productions
B000002AS3|1.0|THE LP DEFINITELY MAYBE, AND ITS EVIDENT SUCCESS,  IS A SYMBOL OF THE CULTURE OF MEDIOCRITY WHICH ENSWATHES BRITISH CULTURE. IT IS BUT ONE EXAMPLE OF THE FALL OF THE UNITED KINGDOM FROM GREATNESS TO LAUGHING STOCK.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Alanis has fallen way down in this sad, sad, musical effort! The worst track is that lame &quot;Dear John&quot; song-- what a poor excuse for song writing and how far must she continue to take this pseudo-alternative  divahood; to me, it seems like so much maudlin theatrical posturing and  little musical substance.
6305265488|5.0|This was a very wonderfull movie for all ages to see. I thought this was better than any cinderella stories I have ever heard in books.I thought Drew Barrymore was a really good actress.This is a great movie and you'll  love it if you see it!
B000003TAW|4.0|Weezer have a sound that matches no other. They bring together an irresistable blend of power pop, metal, and good-time rock and roll. While the punk rock of &quot;No one Else&quot; rouses the senses, the jolly  melody of &quot;Holiday&quot;, takes us all back to the days of beer and  babes. A comedic album from the Happy Days stable.....thoroughly enjoyable
B00000G3PA|1.0|This film inspired me. . . <br />Seeing something so awful leaves hope that anybody can make a movie.  Now I am positive it isn't talent. .  .It's who you know.<br />Other than this. . .Should anybody be impressed with this poor  excuse of a movie?  The writing was embarassing.  What plot?  Unbelievable  characters sounded and acted more like street wise punks recruited to save  the world. (Let's face it, this movie was made as an excuse to do special  effects). <br />The acting was pitiful, too.  Maybe this wasn't the actors  fault.  Casting couldn't have been any worse.  I had never seen such a  bunch of miscasts in all my life. That young woman (whose name escapes me  like the purpose of this movie does) was not credible at all as the  kiss-ass, wise-talking dame she was supposed to be.  The words that spewed  from the characters mouths were incredibly trite and boring.  It's like the  filmmakers were into being cool than having a good story to tell.<br />Rate  this movie a big, fat zero.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|I bought this album a few days ago and I think it is OK.  Its not as good as their other albums like Smash and Ignition.  They are losing their place in the hardcore/punk area of music.  They should go back and make more of  the real old skool punk.  Some of the songs, like Amaricana and The End of  the Line were good.  But the rest of the songs should not even be listened  to.  I mean, come on, what are they trying to make now, Hip-Hop?  I  recomend that you think before you buy this album.
0684867621|1.0|Never having been a fan of mass popular fiction, I restricted myself to reading Stephen King. The old Stephen King who produced masterpieces such as IT, Misery and Bag of Bones. Wading through The girl who Loved Tom  Gordon was just that; a struggle to finish it. The novel read like  something cooked over the weekend to meet a publisher's deadline. It was  offensive to my intellect as a reader both in its naive portrayal of the  issue of religion and also the crass treatment of a teenager's nine days in  the wilderness. The novel is suitable for teenagers, not adults fooled  enough by the other works of King to buy this particular book. I hope that  Mr. King will seriously ponder his latest novel and attempt not to fall  into the trap of commerical productions whereby you had to produce anything  once a year irrespective of the quality.
0375703241|2.0|Take the usual Clancy team, add a few terrorists, viruses, egomaniacs and a splash of KGB - shake hard. - Garnish with a stick of global techno globedegock - and viola - you have Rainbow Six !!<br />The book lacks the  punch and the grip that one is used to from a Clancy thriller. The plot has  promise but the deliverable is not upto the mark. Pages can be skipped  without missing anything.
B000002NJS|5.0|I think this is the best album ever of all the artists in the world! janet jackson, Mariah carey, cher, whitney houston... chet !!! they tried to imitate madonna putting a diferrent album on the stores, Madonna is the  one! shes is always professional in everything she does ! hurray to lady  Madonna ) (
0380789019|4.0|If anybody else had written this book, I would have loved it and I never would have raised a finger, but I really did expect more from Neil Gaiman. It did not have the depth or literary value of Sandman, but I will say that  it is an entertaining story and will not let you down if you don't have any  preconceived expectations.
0812550706|5.0|When I read the introduction by the author, I thought: My God, if the book's like this, it's utter crap! So, skip that part and go straight to the real thing: Easyreading yet utterly thrilling story about young genius  being trained to save mankind from bugs. Only criticism: Too short and too  difficult to get hand of the sequels here in Australia. Can't wait! If you  like Ender, why not try Hyperion by Dan Simmons (has the advantage of being  a bit longer!).
0380977281|5.0|What all of the reviews fail to mention is that this is a beautifully written book. The style just amazed me. It is not as literary as Sandman or Signal to Noise, but it is intellectually far more stimulating than  Neverwhere. It takes a traditional fantasy story and raises it to a new  level. I'd suggest finding the DC Comics version, though. It is the entire  prose story, but includes illustrations on almost every page. The pages are  bigger and of high quality, and the DC softcover will cost about the same  as the Avon hardcover.
078322706X|5.0|What a delightful surprise!  From the previews, I was not expecting much... I even postponed watching it until it came out on video and I had nothing better to do.  It was late, and I worried over the extra running  time, but boy was I surprised.  Anthony Hopkins is by far one of the most  talented actors ever, and Brad Pitt has finally won me over with this one.  We live in a very fast paced age and most of today's movies leave me  thinking surely they could have developed the story line better.  And  finally this one did. I applaud Martin Brest for going up against critics  and giving the viewers something to cling to.  Without a doubt, if you have  any kind of sensitivity or desire to live and love, you will love this  movie.
1563890119|5.0|This is a great graphic novel as graphic novels go, but you should know that the Sandman series gets far better after this book. You have to read this to begin though, because the Sandman series is essentually one  gigantic novel (2000 pages), and this is the beginning of that novel.  Still, the story is great and won't let you down.
B000000OU0|4.0|.........song on this cd by far. It's an acoustic version that just sounds beautiful! The rest of this cd is also pretty damn good.
B00000IQV1|5.0|Robin Williams does such a great acting job in this movie.I am a nurse,and this was such a funny,and sad story. I laughed until I cried.
B00000F1D3|3.0|This is not a bad cd by any means, it's just that the songs are all like some cheap eurodance stuff that sounds like it got put together by the same people that created the Spice Girls, But if you like that sort of thing  then it's ok. I bought the cd, and I'm sure I'll listen to it again  sometime this lifetime......
B000000WCV|5.0|Very catchy tunes, nice bass. I love that acid sound! Well worth the money!
B000002NFM|5.0|A beautiful cd! I still listen to this at least 2-3 times a week. I've had it since it came out and I am telling you, if you like other prodigy albums you will love this one!!! I Also recommend &quot;The Matrix&quot;  soundtrack, its got one of their songs on it.
B000000WF9|5.0|This has got to be one of the greatest soundtracks of all time!!! First of the movie was a masterpiece, very well written and directed. Second the future looked not to different from ours, but at the same time had little  details that made you sit there in disbelief. The movie was one of my  favorites and the soundtrack is just as good. You will never get tired of  this cd so buy it!!!
6305076650|5.0|I saw Rocky Horror a few years ago, and have loved it ever since! Tim Curry has never performed like this, nor has he since. The movie envelopes the viewer in a &quot;campish&quot; fun in which Curry plays the lead and  watching him has to be the most fun. The plot can be a little sketchy,  however I think that this adds to the films wonderment. It will keep you  coming back just to see something you missed the first 25 times you saw it!  Truly a masterpiece of cult, and a obligatory addition to your horror movie  library.
0780625129|5.0|Spectacular performance by Edward Norton, who plays a Neo-Nazi leader whose life is turned around by a 3-yr stent in prison. A superb example of how leadership can go awry, and direct misguided youth in the wrong way.  The film does a tremendous job of delving into why certain youth are  attracted to the skinhead culture - as such it provides a foundation that  can be used to teach our young people about making choices, and making the  right ones.
0780622553|5.0|This movie was way overlooked during its theatrical release. It is one of the most suspensful, intelligent, and visually striking films I have viewed in years. This should be a cult classic a la Bladerunner by the next  millenium, once the overhyped Matrix (which borrows heavily from this  movie) will have worn out its welcome. For once, I agreee with Roger Ebert,  who named Dark City his favorite movie of 1998!
0684867621|4.0|I have read everything of King's and enjoyed this book -- no rapes, murders, blood or guts...just survival in the woods....and by a nine year old girl at that.....nice.....
6305311463|4.0|Now this is how all DVD should be presented.<br />But why the god-awful interview with Aerosmith and the annoying promo blurb after &quot;Miss a thing&quot;?<br />Talk about ruining the atmosphere of the song.
6305311463|3.0|This DVD is so chock-full with useful and interesting gadgets and trinkets, it's a real pity that the movie is so incredibly mediocre! The extra stuff is simply astounding: You get to see the making of the movie,  its marketing, and the people behind it. That's of course great and  informative. However, why do they give Armageddon this treatment - of all  movies! For the &quot;400 Blows&quot; or for &quot;M&quot; this treatment  would have been exemplary and extremely laudable, but ARMAGEDDON?! The  script drips of cheeze, the acting is bad (in parts only mediocre), the  special effects are quite good yet by no means envelope-pushing!  Frustrating!
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine did it this time ,at a very low period in my life,a very special friend turned me on to &quot;Falling into you&quot; andCeline, literary has kept me alive with each and every song. I know I have felt all of the  emotions she sings about on this cd,with my lover,friend,soulmate,and it  has enabled me to wake up every morning knowing what we share is real.This  is sometimes very painful for me , but I know he is always there for me ,  sharing my pain,loving me for me,and forever,as I love him.He seduces me,my  MAGICMAN!! Imagine!!!
B000002G8H|5.0|This album front to back for anyone who loves great music is a classic - Slowhand has it all - Slower melodic tunes and faster Clapton classics like &quot;Cocaine&quot; and the amazing &quot;The Core&quot; are great - The  latter song, in my opinion is one of Clapton's best pieces - Written and  sung with the amazing Marcy Levy, the song is just spin tingling kick butt rock and roll, with Clapton ripping the strings off of his Stratocaster -  One of the more underrated albums of all time - This record is a  masterpiece.....
B000000W9Z|5.0|A superb collection of art-sound from a seriously misunderstood audio impressionist.  The album Outside is a criminally underrated piece of genius which did not achieve the commercial success it richly deserved. The  monologues between the eclectic tunes are often disturbing, and the album  as a whole obviously was not aimed at the radio market. Fans from the  'Let's Dance' era will probably have switched off after the first two  tracks, but more discerning listeners will find this album incredibly  interesting to begin with, and will find that there is so much depth in the  recording that they will listen and UNDERSTAND more and more every time  they play it. The songs taken as single entities are powerful and in places  brilliantly constructed, but it is when the whole album is considered that  the wider picture becomes clear.  The collection as a whole tells the story  of an art-detective, Nathan Adler, investigating the art-murder of a 14  year old runaway, Baby Grace Blue. The characterisations are as strong as  in the Ziggy-era. This album is a rollercoaster ride throught the mind of  an obviously rejuvenated Bowie, who seems to be only now reaching his  creative peak. Stand-outs include 'We Prick You', 'Thru These Architect's  Eyes', 'I have not been to Oxford Town' and the climactic closing track  'Strangers When we meet'. The variety of musical genres encompassed by the  album are breathtaking, from the techno-rock of 'We Prick You', to the  mournful crooning on 'Wishful Beginnings', to the smooth rock of 'Strangers  when we meet'. In my humble opinion, this album once again demonstrates  Bowie's ability to remain ahead of the game, and plays with new ideas so  creative that they shame many artists half Bowie's age. The album is  undoubtedly one of the best of the 90s and proves what many knew  already-Bowie is a multi-genred musical deity, who remains one of the most  relevant, challenging and fascinating today.
B000002KDI|5.0|If you like Neil Young, well then, you need to get this - A great collection of some of his best work on this live record - This album is a must for Neil fans.....
B00000IGGA|5.0|Original, dark, beautiful and moving - how long will it be before Rod Stewart covers one of the gems in this album! - great CD.
0790729628|3.0|Don't get me wrong.  I love the movie.  I just don't find the director's cut very enjoying.  I purchased an extended version of the movie on VHS a long time ago that kept the origional format, but added scenes that were  cut from the theatrical release.  I like having the commentary by Decker  (Harrison Ford) and I like the extra scenes.  I think that the extended  version should be formated to DVD so that Blade runner fans could have a  little variety.
0553573403|5.0|This book is not only one of the best fantasy novels I've ever read, but also one of the books I've ever read -- period.  George Martin creates a richly detailed world where characters act out political and military  dramas against an elaborate historical tradition.  Martin weaves an  intricate plot through several major characters, yet manages to give each  character a unique and independent voice.<br />I highly recommend this novel  to anyone with an interest in fantasy, medeival history, or political  drama.  You won't be disappointed.
B000000QFY|5.0|Exquisita fusion de diferentes venas musicales en el marco del Rock Progresivo Europeo de principios de los 70'S. Great Album ranging from the sweetest ballads to the instrumental explotions on the longest track  (23:04) ERUPTION, hard to describe, just to give you an idea: a blend of  SANTANA,J.S.BACH,Deep Purple,VIVALDI,Frank Zappa,Chich Corea.A MUST for the  real ROCKER of the world  Una verdadera experiencia musical que te dejara  los oidos felices
6305308659|4.0|I have just finished watching the DVD version of Pleasantville, and I must admit that I was pleasantly surprised.  The technical effects of B/W combined with color are truly amazing, and the story itself is full of  symbolism.  I have &quot;docked&quot; this movie one point (a **** rating)  because there were some small inconsistencies with the ending (i.e. R.  Witherspoon remaining in Pleasantville-era, and the &quot;real-life&quot;  mother character).  One important analogy which I derived from this movie  is somewhat biblical, and I hope not to offend some of you reading my  review.  I found the town of Pleasantville to be symbolic of the Garden of  Eden.  As in Eden, Pleasantville had no problems, worries, crime, or fear.   Not to disparage Eden, but after awhile such an existence would undoubtedly  become rather boring and dull.  While the transformation into color of  Pleasantville's citizens may be interpreted as an embracing of sin and  evil, I prefer to think the colorization represents free will.  Once the  people of Pleasantville were exposed to sex, violence and corruption, only  then could they have the ability to willfully choose good over evil.  Good  and evil are two sides of a coin, and one cannot exist without the other.   Without having such choice, we would all live in a black and white world  where there would be no appreciation and thanks for what we have in life.   In Pleasantville, the concept of being in color is analogous to seeing good  and evil and in having the free will to choose one over the other.  While  tragedies and the evil deeds of others are terrible things which happen to  all of us, they also add the spice to life which makes all of our lives  exciting, challenging, and unpredictable.  Anyway, enough of my theorizing  and babble.  See this movie, ASAP...especially the DVD version!
B00000IGGA|5.0|This album is quite a departure thematically from Bone Machine. The appocalyptic concerns have seemingly given way to a more deeply personal album. <br />Mule Variations is full of elegiac songs about reconcilliations-  with faith, love, the road. It is classic waits through and through.  Instead of disturbing, though, it's stangely comforting. The record is  about finding light and good in a dark, confused world. It's about coming  home rather than leaving. In Raindog's &quot;Blind Love&quot; Waits wrote  &quot;if you get far enough away, you'll be on your way back home&quot;.  That's what this albums seems to expound upon.
6301236947|5.0|I CAN NOT GET ENOUGH OF THIS VIDEO. HOOK IT TO YOUR SURROUND SOUND SYSTEM, CRANK UP THE VOLUME AND PREPARE TO RIDE AN EMOTIONAL ROLLER COASTER. THIS FILM IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY SERIOUS U2 FAN. I HAVE TURNED MANY U2 CRITICS  INTO SERIOUS FANS WITH JUST ONE VIEWING OF THIS FILM. THE ONLY WORD I CAN  THINK OF IS POWERFUL. WITH STUNNING VERSIONS OF THE SONGS EXIT, SUNDAY  BLOODY SUNDY, RUNNING TO STAND STILL AND WITH OR WITH OUT YOU CAN'T GO  WRONG. THE ONLY PROBLEM IS YOU WILL WISH YOU WENT TO THE RATTLE and HUM  TOUR WAY BACK WHEN. I JUST GOT THE BEST SURPRISE WHEN BY CHANCE I LOOKED UP  U2 AND FOUND OUT ABOUT THERE NEW VIDEO BASED ON THE POPMART TOUR. I WAS  THERE IN VEGAS OPENING NIGHT AND AGAIN IN LA A FEW MONTHS LATER. CAN'T WAIT  TO RECEIVE THE VIDEO. AMAZON HURRY PLEASE!!!!!!! WILL LET EVERYBODY KNOW  HOW IT IS IN A FEW DAYS. TELL THE SEEYA
B00000IQMT|5.0|I've by now heard almost all of the tracks.  Williams has done a fine job of incorperating some of the classic tunes into TPM's music.  My favorite track is 18.  I like the way it opens up.
B000000HHE|5.0|This album showed us what hip could achieve.  It broke out of the old cliches, and moved into a new direction.  This a great album as a whole, and by the sum of it's parts.  With the stale state of today's hip-hop,  this album reminds us that hip-hop does not have to go in one direction.
0385471483|1.0|La historia es por todos conocida: la hija que no se casa para cuidar a la madre y el novio que se casa con la hermana para estar cerca. Sin embargo, eso es todo lo que el libro tiene que ofrecer. Los personajes son meras  caricaturas, el ritmo de la narracion es inapropiado, y el manejo del  lenguaje es deplorable. Es una pena que existiendo tanta literatura  latinoamericana de calidad, sea este producto el mas publicitado.
0684800713|3.0|This was a pretty good book, First novel by Ernest Hemingway, but I just couldn't follow the plot like why Lady Ashely and the narrator could get married! why? I still don't know and I guess if you really can and like to  figure out plots and can follow through...then I guess this is for  you...but I don't GREATLY recommend it.     My opinion...the way I see it.
1573921394|5.0|Here it is: the masterpiece of 20th century macro econ,  and one of the last important books in which the argument advances by reasoning rather than by calculation.  An enormous influence on Everybody, it broke new  ground by considering things like interest, inflation, money and  unemployment: all things which had really had no existence in formal  economics before Keynes.  It is NOT Keynes' most accessible book, and no  doubt he would have changed much had he lived, but everyone, including the  new classical economists, owe much of their thought to this volume.During  the '80's it became fashionable to deride Keynes, particularly among those  who had never read him.  Like big purple hair, this fashion seems to have  past. But see review below for a throwback.This is the book that created  macroeconomics... and asks questions that have retained their interest.  What more could one ask?
6305180261|5.0|HI,I just want to say GUNS N' ROSES are dead,it's hard to say but,we're realisticts &amp; we've to understand the truth,I REALLY REALLY MISS THOSE GUYS,ILREALLY MISS the best W. AXL ROSE,I'm so sorry,cause they're gone  &amp; us the fans,what 'bout us?.I HOPE ONE OF THESE DAYS GN'R COMEBACK  &amp; they could be the same of 7-yrs-ago.We can write 'em and tell 'em  &quot;COMEBACK PLEASE&quot;
1573226521|5.0|I truly enjoyed reading this book.  I got the feel of the Generation X version of Lord of the Flies -- which I also loved.  Very hard to put down.  This book is very different from the types of books I normally choose to  read, I'm glad I found it and can't wait for the movie.  Highly recommend  it!
B000000WF0|5.0|I purchased this CD a while ago, and I still think that it is definitely one of the most emotional and beautiful pieces of an album that I have heard in all my life.  A sheer masterpiece of a CD, with so much life to it  that you will understand Richard Ashcrofts views.  Great.
0060976624|5.0|This is a great satire.  I am a former nurse, former lawyer, former beltway resident and worker bee and Mr. Buckley has DC down and the tobacco companies.  If you really want to know how politics works this book is both  chilling and funny. . . unfortunately, our public and personal health  suffers as a result.  Read this book and get enraged that the tobacco  settlement money is not being used to decrease smoking or provide cessation  to anyone who needs it!
6303014100|5.0|I have seen this movie at least 15 times.  I have read the book The Killer Angels and the book followed it well.  Loved the music and bought the CD as well.   Finally visited Gettysburg.  It was both an awesome and somber  experience. <br />Highly recommend this movie.
6305313687|5.0|This is one of the most powerful films that can move a person, can really make a person stop and think.  Edward Norton as well as Edward Furlong do a tremendous acting job in this film.  One can learn a great deal of things  through this film.  Definatley a film worth buying.
B000009HF2|5.0|Peter Frampton shines in this two-disc long player compiling several live concert numbers, complete with rousing applause.<br />Some have criticized the album for emphasizing crowd-pleasing bombast at the expense of nuance and  subtlety, but such is wholly unfair.  Frampton and his band switch from  power to downtempo easily and pleasingly.  For power there is the immortal  Show Me The Way; for mellow there is Baby I Love Your Way (it's a tossup  which is better, Frampton's original or the cover that appears on radio and  musak with some frequency).  <br />To close it all out is Do You Feel Like We  Do, the ultimate concert number.  The gratifying lyrics and riffing give  way to a ten-minute fade featuring a great keyboard solo by Bob Mayo, a  similar Frampton guitar solo (Frampton's guitar throughout is splendid),  and then a very long and quite funny talkbox riff.  When the number reaches  its smashing end, the audience cheers without letup, and makes the listener  hate that it had to end.
0800129806|4.0|Sure Richard Gere doesn't have an English accent or a decent hair cut, but you WILL feel the flames fly between Genny and Lancelot.  Although it doesn't hold true to the ending of the original &quot;Camelot,&quot; First  Knight deserves respect for being a heart-sweeping romance.  I love this  movie and recommend it to anyone who is interested in a romance; NOT a  duplication of Camelot.
0375707972|4.0|This sparse, tersely written book seems to be a veiled autobiography.  The writer, like the narrator became a lawyer and consequently a judge. American readers might have problems with the sex between the teenage boy  and the &quot;odler&quot; woman, however, in Europe this is accepted, even  condoned.  It is written very believable.  Most young boys go on to happy,  uneventful lives.  The protagonist gets stuck on this one very satisfying  sexual encounter and all women later are measured against it - and  naturally fail. To his horror he meets Hanna in the courtroom, where she is  being tried, along with other women for unspeakable crimes committed  against Jewish concentration camp inmates.  Her behaviour puzzles him and  he - rightly - concldues that she is illiterate, which might not excuse,  simply explain some of her behaviour.  He decides against revealing this to  the presiding judge, which could mitigate her sentence - on the advice of  his cold, remote(again, very typically European) father, Hanna is given a  long sentence.  He makes one concession to their shared past: sends her  tapes of books that he reads to her aloud. As Hanna laboriously learns to  read, a new world opens up to her.  Her innocence is ended, she finally  faces her crime and is her own most severe judge. Is this a metaphor for  Germany?  Or simply a story that gives one lots of thought?  Innocence,  ignorance is no defense. There were not many illiterates in pre-war Germany   one of the most highly civilized European nations. This  is a haunting,  readable book.
B000002868|5.0|The above track listings are for the &quot;un named&quot; album &quot;Weather Report&quot; which was about their 9th or 10th album which  featured Omar Hakim (drums) and Victor Bailey (bass). This was a so-so  album for Report, as they were firmly into their funk fusion phase at this  point. The liner notes, however, describe their first album (also un named  or simply titled &quot;Weather Report&quot;) with Vitous et al. which was  groundbreaking and excellent. I often wonder what WR would have evolved  into if they had stayed truer to their avant-leanings as demonstrated by  this first album. Not actually representative of later WR, but a must have  for all &quot;real fusion&quot; fans.
B00000ILBK|3.0|I loved it much better then Cat's I'll see it again and again
B000002NJS|5.0|Ever since 1982 Madonna has been snubbed by the Grammy's. Well, finally they give her a well deserved Pest Pop Album of the Year. I can live with that even though she was screwed over by &quot;My Heart Will Go On.&quot;  That is a song that needs to go away. Madonna's new Geisha look in  &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; is another fascinating look at her life.  I would like to see, and hear, what is next.
B00000IO4J|5.0|It is  good just like scream was and even better.I cant wait till it comes out on video!
B000009VOL|5.0|I bought this before going to Asia and couldn't have been happier, great music to listen to while on a bus, watching the scenery and people pass you buy.   The Colors and the Kids takes me back to Burma everytime I listen to  it, oh by the way, go there, but be intelligent and thoughtful enough to  cheat the government every chance you get, and take Cat Power with you!
B000002HMH|5.0|Metallica has always been an awesome band.  Now this CD proves that they're even more talented and versatile.  Changing your sound and direction with all of the anal fans whining must have been hard.  True  music fans will not be disappointed with this CD.  People who expect the  same CD re-hashed again and again like AC/DC, for example, will not be  happy and start whining about selling out.  BUY THIS CD!
B00000ILDE|5.0|I must be dreaming...The Special Edition available on DVD!  I knew I bought my DVD-ROM for a reason!  This will be the first chance anyone without a laser disc player (like me) has to have a version of Aliens with  the infamous sentry guns scene.  I actually have a copy of Aliens from  network TV with the sentry guns scene (not in the theatrical version)  although all the curse words of course have been 'altered' (&quot;We're in  some pretty deep _stuff_ now!&quot;).  This movie has been emulated  countless times but never equaled.  Thank the Matrix for whoever is  responsible for this DVD release!
B000002BBY|4.0|Incredible sophomore effort from Oasis.  Don't listen to the fanatical &quot;Anti-Oasis because the Beatles are better and my s*** doesn't stink&quot; dopes.  This is a solid effort from a band who loves the  Beatles, lifts some of their lyrics, but creates their OWN sound.  Not 5  stars because the lyrics are a little goofy in places and I find a lull in  certain parts of the CD where the energy just sounds drained.<br />However:  Champagne Supernova, Wonderwall, Don't Look Back in Anger, Morning Glory.   With songs like these, who needs to say any more?
B0000057C5|5.0|Amazing CD that is a perfect match for any experimental industrial fans or past metal fans.  The German lyrics make it even more unique and enjoyable to listen to.  I even find myself singing and not knowing what the heck I'm  saying...it's quite amusing.  I'm seeing them in Philadelphia in June and  have heard their concerts are powerful!  I can't wait!!!  Du Hast to own  this CD!
B000002H97|5.0|Don't listen to all the whining pansies who say Metallica sold out!!!  This CD show maturity, songwriting mastery, and it STILL rocks.  Great CD.
6305268843|4.0|I went to see &quot;Firelight&quot; because it was a costumer and the review I read mentioned something about &quot;Jane Eyre with sex&quot;. Was I in for a surprise-- and a very pleasant one at that.<br />This film is not  your typical &quot;young-governess-goes-to-the-mysterious-mansion&quot;  story. There're enough plot twists to keep the viewer on his/her toes (yes,  men will enjoy it too). The acting, cinematography, settings and music  combine to make this a lovely viewing experience. I became an even bigger  fan of Stephen Dillane (check him out in &quot;Welcome to Sarajevo&quot;)  and Sophie Marceau (why waste her in something as silly as &quot;Lost &amp;  found&quot;?) after seeing this. The smaller roles are also well done; I  was particularily impressed with Kevin Anderson as an American sheep  farmer.<br />Hats off to William Nicholson et al. for this jewel. I hope the  video price drops quickly; I'd love to own a copy of this beautiful film.
B000002C25|5.0|Still Listening to this CD nearly 2 years later.  Great, memorable tunes that are standing up to the test of time for me.  I'd say, with out a doubt, that if you're a rock fan who likes great melodies, this CD is a  definitive must-buy for your collection if you don't have it already...as a  matter of fact, even if you have it already, buy it again!!! It's that  good.  :)
B000000IVN|1.0|I could tell you it sucks, or I could read too much into this album like most of the braindead nirvana fans out there.  Cobain was not a genius and this album is not art.  Get a copy of Bleach, and then buy up some  MetallicA.  There's more to life than 3 chords and flat singing.
0792140923|3.0|This could have been an amusing little film, if it weren't for Robert Zemeckis' desire to make each of his films encompass an entire culture.  In making Forrest Gump a witness and participant to every major event of the  last 40 years, Zemeckis loads on more detail and attempted SIGNIFICANCE  than the story can bear.  Each character is expected to carry the weight of  an entire generation, and in reaching for such universality, the film makes  some rather remarkable statements: to wit, that enlightenment and happiness  is the sole provenance of rich white males, that women are either pure and  noble saints who die of cancer or sluts who can only be redeemed by rich  white males before dying of AIDS.  <br />That this rather bizarre pair of  messages manages to get past an audience is a tribute to the skill of the  producers in hiding their messages in a package of sweetness and light and  easily quotable homilies.  The film's technical prowess is undeniable, and  there are some genuinely remarkable effects.  <br />Ultimately, however, the  most amazing thing about this film, and the reason for it's success, is the  astoundingly high quality of the acting.  Tom Hanks, Gary Sinise, Sally  Field, and Robin Wright Penn all take rather sentimentally conceived and  written characters and make them living and breathing people that you  actually care about.<br />Bottom Line: An okay movie that is saved by the high  quality of the production and the still higher quality of the performances.
B0000035E7|2.0|Bleach is a decent enough punk album.  But to say that Kurt Cobain is a guitar legend and did more for music than any other musician is blatant lying.  He just happened to hit at a time when things were already  changing.  The truth of the matter is that they didn't hit the mark near as  close as early '90s bands such as Pearl Jam and Soundgarden.  If you want a  truly ground-breaking album from the early '90s, get MetallicA.  But don't  over praise Cobain.
B000002C1X|5.0|This album blew me away!  The level of creativity and intent far exceeds about anything I've heard. I thought &quot;The Trial&quot; was awesome!  And who doesn't like &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot;.  I don't think  it gets any better than this .... lyrically, musically or creatively.   Simply amazing.
B0000009TK|5.0|The 1988 touring edition of Zappa's 'rockin' teenage combo' was capable of rearranging heads on a nightly basis.  Here they tear through Frank's most maddeningly complex material and more than do it justice.  This disc and  Best Band You Never Heard in Your Life are essential if you want to  understand what this group was capable of doing on stage.  Phenomenal sound  quality as well.  Scott Thunes bass sound is marked by extraordinary  beauty.
0062513346|3.0|Granted, Coelho's novel is filled with religious reference however, the fact remains that he writes in simple, easy to follow prose and provides his readers with entertaining fiction.  Don't take it seriously(unless you  are one of those religious fanatics) or from a religious standpoint; enjoy  this book for what it's worth.
0790736101|5.0|Ah, Mr. Lee. Each one of us is born with something that only we can bring to the table, that no one else can do quite our way; for Mr. Lee, it is his ability to involve us in feeling for his Dracula. The suspense mounts, and you salivate watching Christopher Lee. The storyline unfolds and, of course, you salivate much more. Watching Christopher Lee is an exercise in salivation. I consider it an honor to view all his films. It would be interesting to attend night school regarding the Grand Master of--although Mr. Lee disdains the word--\\"Horror\\". I stand first in line of those ready to attend.
B00000IL1K|3.0|As a much awaited sequel to &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot;, perhaps my expectations were unrealistic. While there were a few Bright(man) spots in the C.D., overall the variety and the tempo dragged. Sarah Brightman  continues to impress even the most jaded listener with her artistry, but  this collection bears an uncomfortable resemblance to what I think is a low  spot in her career; namely- &quot;Dive.&quot; Overall, not bad, even if you  had to strain to hear her over the overloud orchestra.
B000003TA4|1.0|To the guy from Columbia, MO - what right do you have saying that the Beatles are just 3 chors over and over when nirvana IS only 3 chords?  Unfortunately, nirvana isn't a passing fad.  Magazines all over proclaim  then band of the decade, they proclaim kurt entertainer of the decade, I  mean WHAT THE F***?!?  They are WAY over-praised for what they did.  It  only seems appropriate to place these guys on the shelf next to britney  spears and n'stink.  Excuse me while I go put some MetallicA on.
B00000IIXH|5.0|Why all the moaning ? This is a great collection of songs from the box set.Bruce fans have been clammering for &quot;The Fever&quot;,well here it is and some people still are not happy.Bruce has given his fans a lifetime  of music with more still to come.So lets give the guy a break.He has not  failed us yet.This CD was intended for the casual fan as a sampler.It  succeeds brilliantly.The only song missing is &quot;Don't Look  Back&quot;,which is one of Bruce's best songs ever.It should have replaced  ,ironically,&quot;The Fever&quot;,which is overrated.Thanks Bruce for a  great collection.
B000003AEB|5.0|Snoops best. Deffinetly. This album kicks a$$. It is by far the best ever by snoop. Gin &amp; Juice is 1 of my personal favorites.
0684803356|2.0|I love Hemingway, but this book bored me to tears. I'll concede that I watched the movie first and knowing the ending took some of the fun out of it. Go read A Moveable Feast. You can always come back to this one later.
6305308659|4.0|I hold with both the people who think its a remarkable concept and those who think it is overly blatant in making its (rather leftist) points.  Very enjoyable, with or without the shots at the South in the 60's, the  religious right, etc (incidently, note there is no church in Pleasantville)  So many holes in the plot, so easy to fix-- What happened to the original  Bud and Mary Sue (just have them living the 90 kids life for a few days)  Who did Pleasantville play in basketball? (put a second school in town)  Obviously, Mom figured out that David/Bud is not her kid.  This isn't made  clear, though.  The bench shot at the end.  There's more, but they'd give  away too much of the plot. Too much big picture, too little on the  details-- people notice, and it detracts from the point of the plot.
6305265488|5.0|Ever After is the romance movie of the year. Houstan, Barrymore, and Scott's performance was excellent.The movie is long but worthwile. The plot is well developed.The movie is far better than you would expect!!
0767819462|2.0|Had I known that I would be spending 2+ hours watching Julia Roberts either dropping off the kids or picking up the kids, I would have skipped it.  Apparently this is Hollywoodspeak for god stepmotherhood which is  measured by the ability to load and unload the critters good-naturedly in a  Range Rover.   Question: How does one hop in the car from Manhattan at a  moment's notice in the daytime to pick up the kids at  suburban-on-the-Hudson and not get stuck in 4-hour bumper to bumper  traffic?  Is there a secret uncongested highway for attractive Yuppies that  I am sadly unaware? To be fair, it was provacative on some fronts. (1) The  ex-husband must have had SOME fancy job to support a huge New York City  loft and a glorious up-state Victorian home equipted with a stay-at-home  Susan  (2) Which leads me to the second thought -  I have nothing against  stay-at-home moms, but if anyone needed a job to keep herself occupied and  out of Julia Robert's face, it was Susan Sarandon. Her kids were  school-age. (3) Julia Roberts justs walks off her high-powered job to yet  again pick up the kids. Is it me, but isn't this irresponsible?  Call me  cold, but doesn't Susan Sarandon have any friends? any paid help? any  sisters, moms?  (4) The typical dying Hollywood woman (still beautiful with  no weight or hair loss) seemed like a tack-on to tastelessly convey the  message that the only proper ex-wife is a dead ex-wife.  How uplifting!  Mercifully Julia Roberts won't have to endure all that wear and tear on her  four-wheel drive.
0684867621|2.0|This book is great if you need instructions on how to survive in the woods. There are very few scary moments and it is hardly suspenseful. Go for Bag of Bones instead!
B000002E5J|5.0|Estoy Aqui is one of my favorite songs, since I heard it two weeks ago, I got  the CD, and I have played it so much, most of my family can now sing the lyrics.
0800141326|5.0|This movie is my favorite of all time. I think it ranks up there with &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; as a true classic.  I hope no one ever tries to improve upon this masterpiece. I was blown away by the witty dialogue, the  realistic looking monster and the stunning visual effects. It reminded me  of the time I was stalked by an oversized lizard, which I'm sure a lot of  people can relate to. It's a very common affliction. But I digress.  Godzilla, in my opinion, was underhyped. If they had promoted it a little  more, it would have been far more successful than it was. I LOVE THIS  MOVIE!
B000000W6X|3.0|I'm a fan of Portishead, Lamb and Bjork, but I find these compositions less edgy and interesting.  The quality of each track is determined mainly by the guest artist.  So Nicolette's &quot;Eurochild&quot; and  &quot;Three&quot; stand out, followed by Tracey Thorn's &quot;Better  Things&quot; and &quot;Protection.&quot;  Alternatively, the two  instrumental tracks featuring pianist Craig Armstrong are the low points of  the CD--sort of lack-luster soundtrack muzac.  The Tricky and Horace Andy  tracks waft somewhere in the middle.
0375707972|1.0|After hearing raves about this book, I read it in an afternoon.  I just didn't get it.  The relationship between Michael and Hannah didn't ring true; therefore, his lifelong obsession with her made no sense to me.   Michael should have used Hannah's money to put himself in psychological  counseling.
0517543052|5.0|&quot;Be Here Now&quot; has been selected for listing in &quot;Religion and Psychoactive Sacraments.&quot;  [...]
630027120X|5.0|This movie creativly shows how one man changed his life around. It shows us how people can be extremely cruel and disrespctful to society.  It also shows us the energy of the youth and their ability to forgive.  Everyone  should go rent this movie!
B000003RCY|1.0|Its hard to believe that a band of 6 members can only write songs based around one repetitive riff. Anybody can write this garbage in their sleep.  Add their overley &quot;controversial' lyrics which I guess will keep them  in the public eye because their talent won't.  Perfect music to appeal to  easily influenced mush heads that can't comprehend real industrial music.
0553573403|5.0|A perfectly sculpted portrait of life in a world more finely detailed than any save Tad Williams'.  Excellent, realistic political and military manoevering, gritty, dynamic characters and an excellent multi-element plot  only help to ensure this novel's place as one of the greatest fantasy works  of all time.
1558908455|5.0|This movie deals with the oldest type of film horror, vampires, and gives it a fresh, new look.  The casting was great along with the cool two part story line.  I think this movie could be called a modern day horror classic  along with Scream.
0788811355|2.0|A silly, unbelievable story, beautifully photographed. This is the kind of mindless pap that passes for art in America--weird hero commits adultery with sexy heroine, who then dies, but Wonder of Wonders, her body never  undergoes rigor mortis or decomposes, so that he can come back weeks later  and carry her away. Urppp!!!
B000007RV5|5.0|I love this record. When you listen to it you feel the music it makes you feel like your right their with Fred Durst and his crew recording at Indigo Ranch. The mix in it is super creative. Dj leathel, of house of pain, is  awesome it this. If you don't own this Cd your missing out. I bet their new  Cd will be even better.
6300208699|1.0|As one who has read and loved the book, I was disappointed by this mindless adaptation. It should have been better--Terry Southern was, first and foremost, a screenwriter and the book itself is a series of hilarious  visual images. Read it and skip the video
6301661737|5.0|QUESTION for starters: where can one find the ORIGINAL version of Kagemusha? (if only for the edited scenes with Takeshi Shimura!)<br />Kagemusha is simply breathtaking. The opening sequence  challenges any doubts and skepticism about the subtle yet powerful  capabilities for theatre conventions in filmmaking - it is a fascinating  long take/meeting of minds and gigantic themes (!) the movie later  develops.<br />Much has been said about Nakadai's melodramatic performance in  this film, but for me it was only fitting with Kagemusha's ornate and  formal compositions. This is not a Kurosawa-epic in the tradition for  realism in the likes of Seven Samurai. Artifice reigns supreme here.  Kurosawa opted for this with the most awe-inspiring indulgence in form,  contrasting it with a most chilling (mauve) theme about  reality-vs-illusion.<br />At the end I can't help but miss the super-human yet  human-like, life-affirming yet wickedly contradictory heroes portrayed by  Mifune in earlier-Kurosawa, but it's a different kind of pleasure and  learning experience with Kagemusha. A difference of evolving style that  justifies why Kurosawa was truly a sensei of cinematic arts.
038532653X|5.0|This book was everything I hoped it would be and more.  It has a fresh and original storyline, and is beautifully written.  I was drawn into the mystery and wonder of who, or what is Skellig.  I came away wanting to  believe that creatures like Skellig might really exist. This book is  destined to be a classic and a must read for all young literature fans.   (My 11 year old loved it, too!)
0780625129|5.0|Just seen this 2 days ago. My new favorite movie....extremly realistic. This will twist your emotions in knots. Most violent movie I've seen, not gory violent but realistic and brutally violent. A must see ending. I  recomend this to everyone, kids should be required to watch this in high  school.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This Cd is the best cD in the world and it is AWSOME!! EVERYONE should get one!! BUY IT NOW!!!!!
0060977493|3.0|When is a chair not a chair? In this book. When is a sky not a sky? In this book. Pure mataphor. Even the metaphors are metaphors. If you can slop your way through this book, then I commend you. They say there's a  wonderful story in here -- but to arrive at this story (which at page 70  still hasn't come to light) one has to drag oneself through a muddy lake of  mataphors.
0786113871|5.0|I read this book at the bidding of a personal friend and colleague of Dr. Frankl's.  Feeling depressed, hopeless, and agitated at the time, I couldn't imagine how a book could help.  Not far into Dr. Frankl's story of  the fathomless horrors of his existence in a Nazi concentration camp, I  began to &quot;get it.&quot;  The most important lesson for me was the  evidence of the power of the human psyche and spirit which I believe we all  possess.  This book lifted me in a way I could not have imagined, and I am  grateful for having been referred to it.  While I'm not a licensed  psychologist, I would suggest that this book is a must read for anyone  suffering from depression.  Read it, and free your spirit!
B00000ILBK|5.0|Most of my friends said it wasn't as good as some of the other movies in the series (ie, they liked First Contact better), but I loved it!  Excellent mix of humor, action, romance, and futuristic  technology...something that perhaps they've lacked in past movies and  episodes.
0790735199|5.0|This classic movie in a collectible box has been newly restored and digitally remastered in a panavision widescreen fomat with introduciton by Linda Lee.  There is a new documentary with video and audio material from  the Lee family and the original theatrical trailer.  The box set includes a  tribute book covering the highlghts, cd soundtrack, 8 reproductions of the  original lobby cards and a Senitype (a matted;suitable for framing) image  from the movie and actual 35mm film clip.    For Bruce Lee fans this truly  is an exceptional value
B000007T2Z|4.0|I have heard so many rumours about how many members are in this band. I've heard 9, 11, and just recently 21???? All i have to say is: who cares? it's not the quantity of musicians, it's the quality. GodspeedYBE are sometimes  incredible, and sometimes just flat out boring. There is a fine line  between being experimental and being boring. There is also a fine line  between being experimental and downright stupid. So many bands flirt with  these fine lines. Tortoise, Labradford, Mogwai, FSA, etc. These bands all  step over it in one form or another, Godspeed have come the closest to  staying inside the line, however, when they do cross it, it's very  annoying. Still, a good effort. I would have given it 3 stars, but because  they are Canadian, i give them 4.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was just a child, now here I am fifteen years later, I have gone through three copies of the VHS releases of Ghostbusters, and who knows how many viewings...  This movie not only has a  great story and supurb special effects, but it pokes fun at our society at  every turn.  Ghostbusters is a fun movie to watch over and over again,  because each time you watch it, you'll get more from it.  If you haven't  seen it yet, give it a shot...  I think you'll be pleasantly surprised.
0915811774|5.0|Some of the most beautiful and powerful experiences I've had in my life have been through practicing exercises in this book.<br />The experience of &quot;soul love&quot; that Sanaya/Orin describes is for real and it is the  single most incredible thing I have ever experienced.  It is almost  indescribable but I'll try anyway... <br />It was if my heart opened up and  began to shine like the sun, first filling my chest then my body, then the  whole room and as it did, I had the most wonderful and blissful feeling of  love I've ever experienced.  Many orders of magnitudes beyond what you feel  for loved ones.  It was so powerful it wiped out all thought... nothing  else mattered.  I was aware of time passing to a small degree but it didn't  matter.  Every breath, every beat of my heart was ecstasy, every moment was  bliss.  I realized and experienced that I *was* love and so was everyone  else.  I experienced all physical matter as being made up of love.  In this  way I saw that we and everything that exists are all connected and the  saying that &quot;We are all one&quot; became an experiential reality to  me.  All life and physical matter is made up of the same stuff and we are  all connected in this way- there was never a point where I ended and  another object or person began.  It was all an endless continuum of  love/energy that showed up as physical objects or other people where  concentrations of energy was higher... but there was never an &quot;empty  space&quot; between myself and someone/something else.  I was still aware  of all of the suffering in the world but knew that from a higher  perspective that it was all ok, it was all perfect.  I was able to love all  of the negativity and suffering as well as the good.  The state probably  lasted for about 20 mins and even as I could feel it fading and knew that  it was coming to and end, I loved  that too...<br />Nothing I experience in  ordinary daily life compares to even the smallest degree.  Once you have ataste of it you *know* first hand what mystics have been saying since the  beginning of time... Love is the answer.  Love is who we are. <br />This book  covers so many topics which I feel are extremely important.<br />Among other  things, it teaches how to transform and evolve negative emotions, how to  deal with things that are blocking you (evolving subpersonalities),  spiritual laws of relationships, soul contact and blending, soul linking,  attracting soulmates, transmitting love, and joining and working with  others as a group to radiate love to those in need.  The method taught for  working with chakras (energy centers in the body which are related to  states of consciousness) is best I've ever seen or used (and I've tried  lots).  Although it was taught in a certain context (working with the solar  plexus, heart, and crown chakras), the same method can be used to work with  any chakra.<br />Although Sanaya's books are not known to the general  population they are among the clearest, wisest, most lovingly written and  most practical books I've ever read.  She is one of my top 3 all time  favorite authors.  I enthusiastically recommend both this and all of her  other books.
0767821769|3.0|Well, the good news is that Sarandon and Roberts are such appealing and affecting actors that they are able to carry this fairly predictable film on their backs as long as they can.  Sarandon's character is so  relentlessly mean to Roberts through the first hour and a half that the  ultimate kissy-huggy life enhancing experience we are all supposed to have  towards the end defies belief (I mean, if Sarandon's character is such a  perfect mom, wouldn't she be at least a little kinder and a lot less  selfish/obsessively rude to Roberts, considering that her kids *will* be  spending time with Roberts and Harris).  Sarandon is such a -- well, you  know -- that whatever shortcomings Roberts' character has as a potential  mother, you forgive simply because she is so mistreated (Roberts also looks  strangely like Barbra Streisand several times; maybe it's the bangs).  And  compare the kids' &quot;bye mom, we love you&quot; scenes with the  comparable Debra Winger Terms of Endearment (incomparable, actually).  But  it's a big wallow and lots of autumn leaves and Ed Harris' blue eyes and  the two women -- be sure to watch this in widescreen/2.35 as I think it  will lose a lot in a pan and scan version.
0517122707|5.0|Amazon does not provide enough stars on the scale for this book.  A true American literary masterpiece.  Goodman or Candy as Reilly does his character no justice.  I think Robin Williams (admittedly in a fat suit)  could better convey the underlying poignancy associated with the character.   I pray they don't King Ralph it.
0380973464|4.0|C is worth the wait, it is a work of genuine inspiration.  I arranged to receive a pre-release copy (no mean feet for a non-publisher) and feel my substantial efforts were well spent thereon.  It is cool, hip, and  laugh-out-loud funny. * * * *  Indulgence is what we give our trusted  friends.  When they stumble, we recall the commitments they've made and  honored in the past. Neal's editor could've (should've?) trimmed this book.   He could've (should've?) been less capricious about various plot twists.   He could've (should've?) made some of the characters less ubiquitous and,  thereby, more authentic. But Neal has brought us great joy and insight (TDA  and SC, with Z forgiven).  We owe him the doubt's benefit. He teaches well,  always proceeding from first principles to their full flower.  His insights  in this book can largely be seen as an extension of the ideas behind The  Great Simoleon Caper (any search engine should be able to find it for you).  Neal understands the waterfall our society is about to ride down.  And you  will too, after reading C, because the rationales and methods thereof are  elucidated clearly. I hope that one day Neal will get an editor who's a  real son of a b---- who will threaten him with dismemberment if his work  remains uncondensed.  Until that day happens, I'll enjoy his work, learn  from him, and wonder how much more fabulous he could be. BTW - there are  many typos in C.  I was initially tempted to see whether these typos  constitute a code - but my time for such projects is finite.  Is yours?
6302732786|5.0|This is an amazing concert. I got it for the Guns N' Roses songs on it. They are amazing, but so is metallica, Def Leppard, Elton John, Robert Plant, etc.. I really like the Bohemian Rhapsody with Elton John and Axl  Rose, the Stone Cold Crazy with James Hetfield (Metallica's Lead singer)  and We will rock you with the one and only Axl Rose.
0790738139|5.0|A compelling, complex plot, impressive performances, and edge-of-your-seat adventure make this film one of 1997's best.  Police corruption, mob violence, drugs and prostitution, tabloid journalism, and Hollywood glamor  are weaved into this fascinating drama written by Curtis Hanson and Brian  Helgeland.  Fine performances by the ensemble cast.  Kim Basinger won an  Oscar for her captivating performance as a &quot;hooker cut to look like  Veronica Lake.&quot;  Equally impressive performances are delivered by  Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, and Guy Pearce as three cops with very  different personalities, who find themselves involved in the same case.   This movie is a classic!
B000002UDV|5.0|While Pet Sounds is Brian Wilson's masterpiece, an album that everyone should own and without a doubt one of the finest recordings in the history of popular music, there are other great Beach Boys albums.  Among these  are:  Holland; Sunflower; Surf's Up; Party; Friends; 20/20; Wild Honey; The  Beach Boys Today; Summer Days (and Summer Nights!); Carl and the Passions  -- So Tough; and The Beach Boys Love You.  There are other wonderful Beach  Boys albums, but these, in my humble opinion, are absolutely essential.
079073382X|5.0|Typical Linklater movie -- which is very high praise in my book. Minimalist boy/girl &quot;long first  date&quot; movie. Lots of dialogue, a little bit of kissing, and no violence or intrigue or even any plot. Very  good performances, attractive stars (Julie Delpy is beautiful, in fact),  and great scenery. If you are a romantic, you'll love it, otherwise, don't  bother. By the way, it's absurd that this movie is rated anything above  PG-13, since it's very sweet and nobody even gets mad in it.
6305064679|3.0|It's funny but you know everything that is going to happen before it happens. It's not original.
0441172717|5.0|a spectacular example of herbert's award winning imagination.  This book is the pinnacle of science fiction.
B00000ILBK|5.0|It may not be the best...but it is certainly good.  The special effects were great, the plot was 'ok' and I just loved it! =
6305120706|5.0|...another wasted day!  Someone please take this DVD away from me!!  I have it just three days and I've watched it tens and tens of times!  I guess I do not need to say more... <br /> At first I was skeptical about  getting this DVD, but I decided to get it after watching the actual show in  the theatre.  The DVD itself is pretty damn good!  The 5.1 mix is quite  well done (even though my surround speaker setup is still far from perfect)  and the picture very good (although I am somewhat reserved about this,  since I have a cheap 32 inch TV set, *far* from a reference model). <br />  However, one warning; if you expect a serious plot, then try something  else, as some readers may have suggested.  But I think that the songs more  than make up for the plot (which I personally do not find that bad, albeit  simple)!  Next I'll probably get the CD with the original London cast...   Darn!  More wasted days...!
0792151712|2.0|I took everyone's advice and watched Titanic a second time but guess what.  Still hated it.  This movie is an insult to the true victims for several reasons.  There was way too much comic relief for my taste.  For example  the scene where Jack and Rose simultaneously tell the British sailor to  &quot;Shut up!&quot;  Too cute for such a serious situation.  How about the  disgusting scene where Jack ridicules a Priest for quoting a comforting  scripture to a group of frightened passengers.  You have to listen very  carefully but the ridicule is there.  Too much cutzy stuff is the reason  why Hollywood stinks nowadays.  The special effects are okay but this movie  is proof that Tinseltown relies too much on glitter and glitz instead of a  story which is faithful to the truth.  I am quite sure very few jokes were  told while the actual ship was sinking; I'm sure a Priest was not a target  of ridicule either.   Instead of resorting to frivolity and contrivance to  make the big bucks Titanic should have been about the victims.  Jack and  Rose were not victims just Hollywood silliness.
0671510991|5.0|Read It!!!  Dr. Kissenger presents a truly insightful introduction to past American Foreign Policy and how it has influenced and been influened by other nations.  At the same time, he presents a historical survey of  European diplomacy beginning with The Thirty Year's War to the end of the  Cold War.  He concludes with his own analysis of future global diplomacy.   Though not the definitive work on the subject, I recommend this book for  two reasons: Information and Events.  <br />    BE ADVISED this is not a  history of statecraft per se; however, it does cover enough political  history of the past 3 centuries so the general reader can follow and enjoy  it.  I recommend this book for anyone who wants to learn more about the  political world we inhabit.  Reading DIPLOMACY can help one have a better  grasp of today's foreign policy issues.<br />    In addition, I recommend Dr.  Kissenger's book because it brings YOU, the reader, into some  behind-the-scenes events that helped to shape America and world we live in.   People, like Dr. Kissenger, who have helped to influence history can do  this; however, not many people can write well enough to interest a general  audience.  Fortunately, he does.  I enjoyed feeling like I was there when  great political events like the Beijing Summit or the Paris Peace Accords  happened. I think you would to.<br />    So, if you're interested in having an  above average knowledge of foreign affairs, I suggest you read DIPLOMACY.   If you're a student of Political Science, History, International Affairs,  or some other related field, I highly advise you read DIPLOMACY.  Either  way, I think you'll enjoy it.
B000002BSV|5.0|London Suede is probably the U.K.'s best-kept-secret next to the Manics or The Wildharts. Offering here alot of cool atmospheric tracks juxtaposed to some occationally pensive musings. Think of London Suede as a cross between  The Jam, early XTC and the beatles. It's to bad they've only attracted a  cult following here in the States.
B000003B6J|5.0|Me and my friend were driving across country and we only had three tapes Creedence,AC/DC  and Straight out of Compton.We picked up this 400lb hippie prospector in the salt flats of utah.He wouldn't shut up he didn't have any  gas money and he was so fat every time he shifted around in my backseat my  Plymouth Horizon was almost thrown off the road.He loved! creedence and was  starting to get used to ac/dc but as soon as we started to jam  &quot;Dopeman&quot;he said.Drop me off right here!My hats off to you N.W.A.
B00000ICD9|1.0|Robin Williams plays a guppie who, along with his son (Cuba G.Jr--and yeah, the racist representation shines very brightly in what isn't said) deins to rescue his wife IN HELL.  Max Von Sydow has the only admirable  role.  Everyone else oozes syrup and late Moody Blues lyrical cheese.  So  awful I had to leave the theatre, despite the amazing effects, mostly  because my partner and I were laughing too much through the serious parts.   New Age romance for rubes too dense to see fifteen screenwriters (all of  whom were, as it were, fifteen years old) with their hands in this pie.   Pathetic screenplay.  What happened is that someone had an intriguing idea  and pushed for fantastic effects, but then let Hollywood ruin it.  If you  like _Embraced by the Light_, and are not insulted by stupid dialogue, then  you may make it through.  If you demand more than pretty colors--go rent  _Brazil_ instead. The fan ratings are grossly and severely overrated.  This  is a terrible movie, by any standard.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album has been through so much with me and it's absolutely the greatest (except for Siamese Dream).  This album meant so much to me and still does.  Smashing Pumpkins forever.
0451160916|4.0|The Overlook Hotel, a place inhabited by hideous wandering souls. Well, spirits can't hurt you! They couldn't, until &quot;The Shining&quot;. Along with most of SK books, this one have a long boring descriptive  introduction. The last third, however, contains the climax, which is worth  the reading. I really don't think one can be SCARED by a book. In fact, the  right word would be MESMERIZED(in the climax, I say). From SK I've read  'Salem's Lot, The Shining, Dead Zone, The Eyes of the Dragon, Nightshift  and Desperation. If you wanna know my opinion about any of these, just send  an E-mail!
6300151379|5.0|Kind of like Alice in Wonderland and Cinderalla.   When she is floating in a bubble and looking so pretty. I can't describe it. The kids and I watched it over and over again until we loaned it out and they lost it. Please put  the video back in the stores. Debbie Schaeffer
0767819462|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie it really got into my heart and I could feel the emotion in it.  There are a lot of people in the world in similar situations and this movie touched our hearts. Not to mention the fact that  Julia and Susan did such and wonderful job on there parts.  The kids in the  movie did an excellent job.  I was really pleased with the film
1558908358|5.0|This movie deserved to be viewed this way. All the audiovisual special effects and music are truly appreciated in DVD format.
0805017305|5.0|This book is an eye-opener.  If you've ever played cowboy's and indians as a kid, you'll look back in regret.  I read this book at the recomendation of my history professor, and i'll never see America the same again. It's a  must read. Our schools should make this manditory.
0671799320|5.0|If more people were to read this book, the world would be a better place.  <br />If you are going to read just one economic history book this year, than look no further.  Yergin's history is accurate, insites are educational,  and story is amazing.<br />This book should be read by every international  businessperson.
0590353403|5.0|My friend recomended this book.  At first, I thought it would be bad, then I started it after my mom kept nagging me.  the first chapter was good, and sort of mysterious, the mean Dursly family, shooting stars, the owls and  people in clokes? It was all starting to add up, but I did not  understand......<br />The next chapter was even better.  Harry, a skinny  little guy, was always getting beat up by his fat, mean cousin Dudly.  Yet,  strange things were happining.  What would happon to poor, little Harry?  <br />Finally, all pf my questions were answered, and much more!  You find  Harry a wizzard, and off to Hogwarts!  Plus, a great action mystery was  also added, like, who was N. Flammel, and what was the sorcer's stone?   What was Snepe trying to do?  Would harry get expelled, and what would his  fellow Griffindors think when.........<br />I love this book, and you will,  too.  Don't worry! It may look dorky, but adaults love it!  Great for  people all ages!
630027120X|5.0|I thought this movie was extremely well done. It showed how one man can change after a devistating tragedy. Rodrigo killed his brother in a raged filled duel and regreted it had ever happened. To repent for his wrong  doings he became a jesuit to help those who he once hunted, the indians.  Its a classic battle of good and evil, and it shows how peoples moral  differ in so many ways.
B000002UAX|5.0|I can't believe that fool (below) said that &quot;Third Eye Blind&quot; was the best album of all time.  If that is so, shoot me.  Next he'll be saying that Matchbox 20 are the messiahs.<br />Anyway, &quot;The White  Album&quot; is a classic, no matter what bad things are said about it.  It  made an impact on its listeners, and it has some quality songs (&quot;While  My Guitar...,&quot; &quot;Martha My Dear,&quot; et al).  It's really a trip  to sit down and listen to the whole thing because it changes moods so  much.<br />I'm a bit hesitant to give it 5 stars because of the inclusion of  &quot;Revolution 9,&quot; but since it's the Beatles, I'll give them some  leeway.<br />A must for any Classic Rock geek.
B00000DC4A|5.0|Ok. after his mid-life crisis called &quot;18 til I die,&quot; Bryan Adams returns to what made him famous... strong ballads and classic rock and roll.  The main thing which enthused me was the soulful love songs.  These  were a far cry from the near-grunge style he adopted in &quot;18,&quot;  especially &quot;I wanna Be Your Underwear.&quot;  If you have to own one  of Bryan Adams' CDs then this would be the one to buy.
6305358567|3.0|In an age when many people get their history from TV and the movies, &quot;Elizabeth,&quot; while a well crafted film and suberably acted, makes you wonder if the screenwriter bothered to pick up a history book.   Elizabeth was not above political intrigue and regicide (she had Mary,  Queen of Scots imprisoned and eventually gave the order to have her  executed; she was not murdered by Walsingham with no involvement by  Elizabeth as depicted in the film)and continued the practice of her father,  Henry VIII after his break with Rome, to have dissenters  (Catholics)executed.  To portray a priest as wandering through the palace  in priestly garb to assasinate Elizabeth is ludicrous.  She had pushed the  Catholic Church underground and had no hesitation to execute those  underground priests who were found ministering to Catholics.  As a  historical work, the film, in a typical late 20th century practice to make  complex  situations manageable in 2 hours, leaves much to be desired.  If  one wants something more historically true, rent &quot;Elizabeth R&quot;  with Glenda Jackson.
B000002GOZ|5.0|This CD has an excellent mix of classic Bryan Adams, folk, blues, and rock and roll.  It makes you want to get up and dance, yet two songs later, you are rocked into relaxation.  The highlight would have to be the use of the  classical instrument to give this CD an ethereal feel, especially with  &quot;When You Love Someone.&quot;  (An excellent wedding song!)  Adams'  sense of humor also shines through to make this CD one of his best.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams had really outdone himself this time.  This soundtrack is sure to earn him another oscar nomination, if not the oscar itself.  The only problem is that there are a frew track titles that give away some of  the plot.  However, I'm sure that there are plenty of surprises that will  knock us all out of our seats when the move comes out.  So, if your a fan  of John Williams' music, then this defininetly belongs in your CD  collection.  The best track is #2.
6300213714|5.0|This is a great movie. As a kid I watched it about a hundred times. Who are the warriors...I have this movie memorized by heart.I just wish it were on DVD already.
6305166021|4.0|As a stepdancer myself and a Flatley fan, I hate to say this, but I have to give Feet of Flames a lukewarm review. There is more here of what I dislike about Flatley and less of what I like, i.e., more strutting and  less dancing. The costumes are gorgeous, and the other performers are at  their peak, but even they seemed less enthusiastic here than in LotD. The  fine edge of the original seems blurred. The Lord of the Dance originally  defeats Don Dorcha through dancing alone. Here, the duel is more  confrontational, more physical, and I didn't like it as well. I'm glad to  see more of his flute-playing, though. It's still a great show, and I'll  miss Michael's dancing, but I know how intense Irish dancing is, and I  guess I don't blame him for hanging up the shoes after 30 years. I look  forward to seeing his acting. He seems to do well in whatever he does, so I  doubt if I'll be disappointed.  I also look forward to seeing what Helen  Egan and Daire Nolan do next. Their performances here were great!
B00000IQMT|5.0|When I first heard a snippit of &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; on the local radio station, I did not think it sounded like Star Wars music.  But, once I heard the complete recording during the music video on MTV I knew I had  nothing to worry about.  And I was right.  Williams has composed a score  that it as entertaining as his originals, and he has gone new places  artistically.  However, I still have to say that the music from the first  three movies holds a special place in my heart.  Maybe the new stuff just  isn't familiar enough to me yet, but I haven't heard anything I like as  much as &quot;Binary Sunset&quot; or the theme played when Luke burns  Vader's body.  Still, a very strong release, possibly another Oscar for Mr.  Williams.
B000002LOE|2.0|Oddly enough, this is the last R.E.M. album I bought -- after buying every other album except their last release, &quot;UP&quot;. Had I bought this first, it probably would have been my last. Yes, &quot;Losing My  Religion&quot; is a good song. However, with eleven tracks, you might say  that the CD has too many tracks...<br />Only three songs (LMR, Texarkana, and  Me In Honey) are worth listening to, &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot; just  missed, &quot;Low&quot; and &quot;Belong&quot; are ridiculous, and ...  well, &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot;? Need I say more?<br />Make no mistake,  R.E.M. are probably the best band in recent memory, and are (by far) my  favorite band -- I bought tickets for the current tour 1,200 miles from  home.<br />But this momentary side trip into artsy-craftsy, largely frivolous  tunes was (thankfully) short.<br />R.E.M.'s Best Music: AUTOMATIC FOR THE  PEOPLE.  Best Rock: DOCUMENT.  Best Overall: LIFES RICH PAGEANT (an  incredibly underrated album).
6303477259|5.0|Well, yes, if you had my $65 seats (or was it $75?).  Watching a concert in the Rose Bowl doesn't make for the best audio ambience in the world (and I suspect that those dots moving around on the stage were the band), but  the light show was impressive.  Luckily, I have the VHS and can see what I  missed.  So, for a Pink Floyd fan, this is a must purchase (obviously,  we're all fans or we wouldn't be here--I doubt Aunt Edna is cruising this  section).<br />What makes \\"Pulse\\" remarkable is the selection and order of the  songs played, and all done very musically and with precision.  Gilmour's  guitar work here is second to none.  This video is far superior to  \\"Delicate Sounds of Thunder\\" (which I also liked), in that the camera work  is seamless and stays focused on the members of the band.  If I find any  fault at all with this concert, it was in the saxophone player.  While he  played it straight, there wasn't much life breathed into it.  See Scott  Page's renditions in \\"Delicate Sounds of Thunder\\" to see what I mean.   Between 1 and 10, \\"Pulse\\" gets an enthusiastic 9.
B000009HF2|5.0|I'd gladly have paid a king's ransom to see this concert.  Perfect timing, playing, crowd, and songs.  This is a recording of a once in a lifetime concert. My question is:  how in the devil did these people knew who the  heck Peter Frampton was at the time that they were going out of their minds  cheering at this concert??? He didn't get famous until AFTER the recording.  He was an obscure musician recording live and something completely  miraculous happened (and never happened again.)  Buy this album.
0684833395|5.0|Where are the Snowdens of yesteryear?  That is Yosarian's question, and Joseph Heller bluntly shows us that they are all dead.  Through Snowden's death a love for life is born in Yosarrian, and through the books comedy  and horror we begin to see what life is all about for the typical(?) WWII.  soldier.  Of all the books writen in the early 20th century, this is the  one that will go down forever as a classic
0780622545|5.0|I watched the movie mainly because in many reviews including amazon.com review &quot;the crow&quot; by James O'barr was mentioned, yet i found out it was nothing like it (except for the dark scenery maybe), this film is  much more like something Neil Gaiman (sandman) or Peter Milligan (enigma)  would write, still i found out this was a great movie only in a completely  different way than I imagined
0780624890|2.0|Total waste of time. Too gross and ridiculus. Only sunglasses win
B0000067X1|4.0|I know very little about Can, except that they are often referred to as being &quot;seminal&quot; and &quot;influential.&quot; And since all sorts of music gets labelled as &quot;prog-rock&quot;, that distinction meant  nothing to me. I really had no idea what their music actually sounded like  prior to purchasing this CD. My impressions: claustrophobic soundscapes,  percussive circular jams that don't seem to ever start and never seem to  end, vocals that float in and out of the mix as if recorded by accident off  a phone line to Jupiter, and a murky atmosphere both languid and  threatening. The music of tommorow, recorded yesterday.
630518299X|3.0|HAIKU MOVIE REVIEW<br />Jim Carrey ain't God. Really Hated Ed Harris. Not worth all the hype.
0345350499|5.0|I read this book some years ago and was absolutely absorbed and captivated by it. Now I wonder, not in the spiritual but in the sceptical sense and find much sympathy with other reviewers who found much to criticize,  especially the &quot;demonizing one's enemies&quot; which she accuses the  Christians as doing. Truly, we know little about the culture of BRitain  2,000 years ago and I doubt that society was so idyllic if and when it was  matriarchal. Basically, &quot;Mists&quot; is a way of an artist expressing  her yearning for a better world in which women (or, more nearly,  &quot;me&quot;) are more loved and respected. Surely that's something we  all long for, but &quot;unfortunately&quot; that world will not come about  by yearning but only by doing one's best to live the way of serving love  that Jesus taught and demonstrated, whatever his &quot;followers&quot; may  have subsequently done. Rev Sun Myung Moon and his Unification Movement are  the best example of people who are trying to do this, and interestingly,  Rev Moon teaches the joint male and female nature of God and seriously  attempts (and I believes succeeds) to live out being in the image of that  God by creating a loving, respectful, equal relationship with his spouse.  Check out the Unification Movement, Ms Bradley: you may find something that  helps you find what you are looking for.
0790740443|2.0|Kurt speak not, no no. Brave man, though he say afraid. He save some people.
068484267X|5.0|I found Angela's ashes to be one of the most touching, sarcastic and humourous books I have ever read - and I read a lot. It's amazing how Frank McCourt manages to express and savour such tragic childhood memories in  such a moving way . After reading the book all you want to do is read it  all over again because you can feel the love and warmth seep through every  page in spite of such a depressing subject. That is Frank McCourt's great  talent. I sincerely hope he continues to write because unfortunately it's   hard to come across books that stay with you after you've read them. We  need more books like Angela's Ashes.
0345423496|1.0|Mr. Clarke gives us a new book that is satisfying in a couple of ways.  It clears up several questions from his previous Odyssey books that have been nagging at us for quite some time, and it is judicious in many of its  technical predictions.  Thus, the author well-serves his readers regarding  the scientific/technical aspect of humanity in his predictions.  However,  Mr. Clarke completely misses the most important aspect of human life which  results in characters in the book that are dwarfs of their potential.<br />Mr.  Clarke seems perfectly free, almost excited, at the opportunity to attack  religion -- it doesn't matter really which, they seem to be all the same to  him.  Near the end of the book, he gleefully refers to his numbers of  religious acquaintances as &quot;friends&quot; right after he has spent  much time in his book personally assaulting their core beliefs in a very  offensive way.  If he is so reckless with his friends as to so openly and  aggressively deride their beliefs, I would not wish to be less for fear of  a more open and deeper hostility from him.<br />He populates his book with  religious dunces, including Poole from our own time, and then sets up, time  after time, situations in which the most elementary tools of pagans are  used to demean religion:  that of inquisitions, cultists, torturing, etc.  in an attempt to give the impression that such actions are what defines the  subject.  He even implies that to believe in God is to be  &quot;insane.&quot;<br />Poole could have used the opportunity to describe  that such gruesome things did occur, but not because people were following  the tenets of Christ, but rather because a handful of people in control  sought to acquire further control and exercise power.  Religion just happen  to be the best tool at their disposal for gaining their own ends.  But it  is only one of many.  Christianity is not about power of one over the  other, but about love and service to God and his creation.  Millions of  people, including highly-educated scientists, technologists and other  professionals, experience the truth of God on a daily basis within  themselves.  Throwing the baby out with the bathwater is simply a sign of  ignorance of the subject and a lack of true spiritual experience.<br />In Mr.  Clarke's future, all religion will be discredited, a situation hoped for by  humanists throughout the ages.  Instead, the truth will be that regardless  of how long humanity will exist, God and the intimate spiritual experience  he provides will always be dear to countless millions, and totally  unexplainable to hard-core humanists who refuse the  opportunity.<br />&quot;God is Love&quot; says the apostle John.  As we move  toward God we move toward love.  Our growth as Christians eventually takes  us to a place of true love, and away from the place of ego, power, pride,  and selfishness.  Mr. Clarke's future world is without God and is full of  bland people with little hope or incentive of real inward change.   Ultimately then, this book is a failure.  Because it did not include the  most important aspect of human existence:  its relationship and fellowship  with God.<br />If a modern-day astronaut was to awake in Mr. Clarke's 3001, it  is a pity that it had to be Frank Poole instead of John Glenn.
0783226152|5.0|I am 25 years old and I first watched this movie in the summer of 1982 and never tire of it. Wolfman Jack's part is truly moving and makes this a classic. Richard Dreyfuss' first major role is truly incredible. The rest  of the cast is just as believable. This classic timepiece spurred the  entire 50s retro movement in the 1970s.
0375707972|3.0|I heard a lot of hype about this book but found it to be very insubstantial. It was hard to follow and even though you get lots of details you never really get to know the main characters.
0767822617|5.0|This is truly a classic...one of the greatest love stories of all time.  Redford is fantastic as the more conservative, average american of that era, and Streisand is equally impressive as the quintessencial college  radical.  The way Pollack brings them together, and keeps them together off  and on over the years is wonderful. And the last scene, where he meets her  years later handing out leaflets for another one of her &quot;causes&quot;,  and Redford with his new wife in tow, is truly one of the most moving  moments of any movie at anytime!  I loved it!!
0786112328|5.0|I read this book when it was first published and and haven't gotten over it yet!  I have given it to all of my friends and am jealous each time, knowing they are going have the incredible experience of reading this book  for the first time.  I am to  A CONFEDERACY OF DUNCES what middle-aged,  beehived, pointy boobed women are to Elvis!  I've read thousands of books  in my life, but this one will stay with me forever.  It's a tragedy that  Toole did not live to receive the acclaim he deserves.
6301902645|5.0|A first-rate look at one of the world's greatest motor races filmed during the most exciting era of sports car racing to date.  The cinematography and audio quality are so superb you'll be reaching for that five-point Simpson  harness.   Steve McQueen and Porsche 917....a winning team!
0767903811|5.0|Bill Bryson's newest will have you shaking your head at the truth of it all, at the same time your body is shaking with laughter at the hilarity of it all.  As someone who has lived abroad and learned to take American  quirks with a grain of salt, I loved his take on the over-abundance of  American culture.  As an American who often finds herself surrounded by  said quirks, it was wonderful to be reminded to keep everything in  perspective.  My only wish for this book is that Bryson had been allowed  more than 1200 words for each essay -- once he gets started on a subject,  you just want him to keep going.
0671015206|4.0|if youre interested in finding out how millionaires buy cars, clothing, houses etc, then buy this book
6302426499|5.0|By all accounts one of the greatest pieces of art ever put to film. Words do it little justice. Tarkovsky may be the greatest filmmaker of the 20th century.
6304341849|5.0|I usually am not interested in period films but this one does something that most hollywood films don't seem to do. It deals frankly with the struggle to find ones self and once that is done to find what makes one  happy. Murice is a film that lets us know that once we find what or who it  is we want we should go after it because no one has to live our lives but  us. I say BRAVO to Murice...
0553573411|5.0|For all those out there, I've read your reviews. Get a grip on reality. No plot advancement, hah. I laugh in your face. This book is engaging and keeps you reading to the last page waiting for more. For those of you who  say not to pick it up, I say go back to reading those Harlequin Romance  Novels I think they're more your speed.
B00000IQMT|5.0|when i first heard darth vader's theme in 1977, as a young boy, he evoked a sense of fright and dread. After listening to duel of the fates, i think this 29 year old kid's nightmare back.
0060263865|5.0|they love this book,they want me to read it everyday!I enjoyed it as well.It brought back memories of when I was read to when younger!<br />Miss.DosSantos
080018789X|5.0|This is great for the guys and the girls. It has it all
0790738139|5.0|In reference to comments made by an earlier reviewer, I must say that I don't think the primary objective of this movie was to invoke an  &quot;uplifting&quot; emotion in the viewer.  Additionally,  I don't think  the question of whether or not the use of vulgar language was ever debated  by the makers of the film.  One word of advice to anyone wishing to view a  movie:  read a synopsis of the movie first, it can be very helpful to a  potential viewer in deciding whether the movie is suitable to their own  taste.  Oh, you may want to check the rating of the movie also.  The rating  will give you some idea as to how much sex, violence, and vulgar language  to which you may be exposed. OK? OK. Now, if you've decided that can view  this movie then be prepared to view one of the better Hollywood movies  produced in the last few years. If you're looking for a clear-cut good guy  and bad guy, lots of gunplay, and a few catchy little one-liners then go  watch Lethal Weapon and its sequels, but don't watch this movie.  If you're  looking for absolutely captivating crime story that actually includes some  big-name actors then do yourself a favor and get it.  I was also happily  impressed with the up-and-coming actors in this movie as well.  By  Hollywood standards, it is great.  After reading the Amazon review, I  visited the local library and checked out Chinatown.  I was not  disappointed.  Excellent.
B00000IIXH|1.0|Never thought Bruce would authorize his record company to rip off his fans...Recording The Promise for inclusion here, and highlight it as if it were the 1970s classic instead of warmed over contemporary Bruce noodling  at the piano is really lame, even for the collector who thinks they have to have everything...really disappointed  in Springsteen for allowing this...and don't fool yourselves into thinking  he did not.
B00000DGUG|4.0|&quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; is a lot different than &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;.  The tones of SPIJ were nice and mellow.  The cuts &quot;Front Row&quot;, &quot;Thank U&quot;, &quot;R U Still  Mad&quot;, &quot;That I Would be Good&quot;, &quot;The Couch&quot;,  &quot;UR&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, &quot;Unsent&quot;, &quot;So Pure&quot;,  &quot;Heart of the House&quot;, and &quot;Your Congratulations&quot; are  the best.  The CD is a little different, but give it a chance.
B000002I25|5.0|If you have to have one album from The Summer of Love, this is the one.  An all time classic.
B00000G3PA|5.0|This film is a must!!! with AC-3 this film blows your mind, crank up the volume, sit back and enjoy!
0792153189|4.0|If you enjoy the big movie effects this is for yo
B000002J1H|5.0|Going for the One is the kind of album you pull out when the world has stopped making sense and your soul has lost its compass.  Yes was well before their time, musically, and right on time with music for the soul.   Whose spirit could not be moved by Awaken?  I saw the Tour that followed  this Album release (in Vancouver, BC...Anyone else there?) and I thought I  had died and gone to another plane.  The songs are intensly musical.  The  lyrics are icing on the cake.  This is soul food at its best and is an  album I pull out when I need reminding that great music does exist.<br />As  for the Amazon reviewer...well...It's obvious his views are not shared by  the majority, nor accurately portray anything useful about the content of  the Yes collection.  Pull Mr. Cavanagh and put in something that has some  value!!
0684874350|2.0|Found the book an all too accurate portrayal of a certain kind of all too prevalent type of craven, selfish Irishman....terribly depressing because of this.  And now, with McCord shilling for Barnes &amp; Noble and showing  arrogant contempt for the independent booksellers of America, who helped  push the book to superstardom, I can see that he is not a lot different,  despite making his way in the United States.....he plans to &quot;throw  their letter in the trash unopened.&quot;  Not a book, or a man, that, if  you are honest about your Irish background, you are proud to read or know.   T. Hannagan, noahbear@worldnet.att.net
0062502182|5.0|Several of my friends had read this book before recommending it to me.  I wondered what could be in this small book that could have such a profound effect on those who read its pages.  Once I picked it up, I could not put  it down.  I read it in one sitting, as it is a relatively short story, and  in that short time, felt as if I had learned a great deal about myself and  about life.  Paulo Coelho has a simple writing style that is easy to  understand, yet powerful and provacative.  It is a story for all ages and I  would recommend this book to anyone, regardless of his or her religion or  belief system.  Anyone feeling lost or unsure about his or her path in life  MUST read THE ALCHEMIST.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Just when you thought John Williams had written his best soundtrack (Schindler's List), he proves us wrong with the soundtrack to The Phantom Menace.  In my opinion, he has written his best score, borrowing themes  from the original trilogy and weaving them into the new music. The Duel of  The Fates is a fabulous piece of music.<br />It is safe to say that Williams  should earn an Oscar nomination for this music.
0790739909|4.0|You will enjoy watching this with your significant other
6302787564|5.0|Amazons' headliner &quot;professional&quot; critique should be tossed...this is a film that rattles the primal instincts of every working man, particullarly those that have been shafted by the legal system  (a.k.a.: Divorce) as well as a decaying society. I doubt that there is a  mild-mannered, dutiful employee out there who hasn't fantasized about total  rebellion against the pressures of every day life that we all face. In that  respect, this film provides a healthy outlet-you can identify with  Douglas's character and cheer him on, &quot;crazy&quot; though he may be,  instead of harboring wild fantasies on your own. Dry up, Lenny Maltin,  that's the point!
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is another of John Williams' excellent scores. I have never been disappointed in his use of dramatic melody. I find it amazing that he was able to create a whole new variety of themes for this new section of the  Star Wars saga. His talent is truly wonderful! Favorites of mine in the  score are: &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; - a piece which will definitely  increase your heart rate with the quick tempo - it will be great to see how  this works effectively in the film itself; and &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot; -  a very innocent and beautiful theme for this character - if you listen  close enough you can hear (especially at the end of the piece) a slight  variation of the Imperial March (Vader's theme from the first SW films).
0684867621|5.0|This has got to be one of the best Stephen King books I've read...and Ive read most of them. There's no real violence or goriness but the whole suspense of the story is what hooked me.  I could really see Trisha lost  out there in the woods talking to Tom Gordon.  I finished it in three  nights...probably about 5 hours total reading time, and sighed a very  contented sigh at the end. King incorporated baseball into the storyline  perfectly..down to naming the chapters after innings in a game.  This was  truly an excellent book, I hope he writes more of like this.  It shows that  King doesn't need to rely on goriness or the supernatural to tell a tale.
B000002UDV|5.0|The greatest album ever.  It is a travesty that its avergage is only 4.5 stars, so this is my attempt to remedy that.<br />Personally I hold it above anything the Beatles came up with, but it's just a matter of taste:  the  sound of this album just does something special for me.  For other people,  the Beatles may be superior.  Let's stop arguing and enjoy the music.
B0000027I6|5.0|This album is unbeliveable.  I consider it in the league of Dark side of the moon or The Wall.  Roger digs deep and proves to the world that he is the greatest musical genious ever.  Jeff Beck's guitar work is top notch.   This album will change the way you thine about things.  It Is better than  his previous 2 albums, and he answers the question &quot;Which one's  Pink?&quot;
B000000OQF|5.0|I got this album in the late eighties, and I still listen to it all the time......I cannot fault this album.....every track makes you wanna rock n' roll!!!!  If your ever thinking of buying a classic rock album....this  should be at the top of your list......PERFECT!!!
B00000I3JM|5.0|This is an outstanding album by one Britains finest bands. &quot;Tinseltown in the Rain&quot; is a classic song that just gets better and better with every listen. Intelligent, moving music for the discerning  listener.
0792153189|5.0|This movie is a great work of cinematography because it combines well-filmed action with with a REAL story, whereas, in Armageddon, things explode almost every minute, but the audience never really has a chance to  slow down for a minute to catch its breath.  More importantly, however, is  that Deep Impact gives the viewer a true look into the lives of many people  in many different contexts.  Thus, I give it five stars.  What a memorable  film!  Congratulations, Hollywood!
6302814782|5.0|This is such a great movie.  I saw it years ago and have always loved it.  The main carictor is likeable.  The vampyres are fun.  The parents fall into mother falls into the steriotypical parent in teen flicks, but people  of all ages can enjoy this great clasic.
0767814622|5.0|Brad Davis got snubbed but should have been nominated and won the Best Actor Academy Award.  It's too bad he passed away before being recognized for his talent as an actor.  This movie is a true gem, and Davis'  performance is riveting.  Well written, acted and directed.  A must see!
B000001EUL|4.0|With the departure of original guitatrist Ulrich Roth in 1978, The Scorpions entered a new phase in their career. Micheal Schenker who had just left UFO was added as their new guitarist, and the band adopted a more  commercial approach, but still maintained its artistic integrity. They  would later forfeit it in the mid 1980's. A must for any Schenker fan,  Lovedrive contains some real gems such as &quot;Holiday&quot; and  &quot;Loving you Sunday Morning&quot;.
6304118392|5.0|This movie is wonderful.  It has a message about the screwed up society we live in that turns killers into stars, has blood and interesting charitor interaction.  Great acting.  And also it has a great soundtrack to match.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is what I have been waiting for since I was 12 a new Star Wars movie and music composed by John Williams. <br />John if you read this then KEEP up the good work.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Well, so much for the &quot;mystery&quot; ending that we were not supposed to know about until the movie actually came out.  Why don't they just go ahead and print it on the movie poster while they're at it...
B00000IIXH|5.0|I went out and bought &quot;Tracks&quot; when it came out,  and I really enjoyed it. Now there's this CD, and I really enjoy this one as well. Bruce Springsteen has never let me down. I love his music, and I think it's great  that all of these treasures are out there. What's nice about &quot;18  Tracks&quot; is that it has such rarities like &quot;The Promise&quot;,  &quot;The Fever&quot;, and &quot;Trouble River&quot;, songs that are well  worth the price of the CD. I also like &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot;,  &quot;Janey Don't You Lose Heart&quot;, the acoustic &quot;Born In The  USA&quot;, &quot;Seaside Bar Song&quot;, &quot;Rendevous&quot;, and  &quot;Sad Eyes&quot;. Bruce Springsteen IS &quot;The Boss&quot; and always  will be. Rock on, Bruce!
B00000IQV1|5.0|Great movie for anyone.  Any doctor or want-to-be doctor could stand to learn a thing or two from this movie.  Robin Williams is great as Patch.  What makes it even better is that it is based on a real story.
0792151712|2.0|I admit I saw this movie because of Leo.  I have enjoyed his work since I first saw him on Growing Pains, though I always thought he'd be better suited for the stage.  He did not disapoint me...he was stellar as usual,  it was an emotional, and believable preformance even if the script fell  short.  However, his co-star Kate Winslet left much to be desired...here is  a tip Kate, try shivering when you are cold.  As far as the script goes, it  was full of holes...the biggest being a mistake of many greater movie  makers than James Cameron.  Rose was telling the story...yet how did she  know about the things that happened when she was not present?  Many of the  characters died before they would have had a chance to explain.  It would  have been more effective/believable if she only told stories about events  she was actually present for.  It's funny how with a 200 million dollar  budget, there were still sound and editing errors through the whole thing.   Perhaps the editors should have come to postproduction class with me before  hand to learn a little about fading the sound before switching to a quiter  scene.  There is no need to make the audience jump out of their seats in a  drama.  Overall, I was disapointed with this film, yet still oddly  entertained.
B00000F1D3|3.0|The first time I heard &quot;Believe&quot; I was standing in a clothing store in Paris (Tati). I listened, interested, for a while before exclaiming: &quot;Hey, that's English!&quot; followed closely by &quot;I  didn't know the Spice Girls made another CD, I wonder when it is going to  come out in the US?&quot; Being a youngin, I am used to Sonny and Cher and  the much loved &quot;I got you Babe&quot; and this sounded nothing like it.  Cher's new CD is good in its own way but should be in no way compared to  her older stuff.
B000001OAA|5.0|Ok, little was I to know how much I'd luv this cd later.  Although I could've sworn &quot;Vow&quot; sounded like a Hole clone when it came out in 1995 , I ended up killing this cd within a few months  for many reasons.  Every song on the cd is great, &amp; Shirley is just a  goddess.  &quot;Only Happy When It Rains&quot; became my reason for getting  it, &amp; other favorites include &quot;Stroke of Luck&quot; &amp;  &quot;Milk&quot;, &amp; &quot;Stupid Girl&quot; was good before radio  killed it.
B0000000LI|5.0|Out of all of Yanni's three CD's the &quot;Live At The Acropolis.&quot; is by far his best work ever, including his more recent CD's.   His music brings forth a explosive and passionate feeling that is rich and powerful.  The excellent back-up music with the &quot;Royal Philharmonic  Orchestra&quot; clearly adds to the raw feeling and emotion of this man and  his music.   This CD is a must for people who like &quot;new age&quot; with  raw feelings that stir the soul.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 was throughly enjoyable. It's wild, insane illogical plot kept me laughing for hours. Characters such as the timid Major Major Major Major, the lovable Chaplain and Yossarian,  and the capitalist Milo Minderbinder  remind us of how human nature really is. It truly is an American classic.  Those of you who disliked the book should try reading it again,  appreciating this masterpiece by Joseph Heller.
157492589X|5.0|Anyone that takes the time to watch this movie will be a big fan; of the characters, actors, and the storyline.  Usually when you read a book and see the movie, the movie can be a disappointment but definitely not in this  case.  I would encourage anyone to see this movie and also read the book,  they're both excellent.
B0000047CX|5.0|This is the best album ever recorded, cover to cover.  There are no bad songs.
B000005EJL|4.0|It suprises me to hear so many negative reviews of this album. Its not 1979 anymore, Toto! As many have said, its very jazzy, and bluesy too. If you miss Roger, buy his great solo projects. But Supertramp has moved on!
6303832563|5.0|This is a wonderful film, perhaps the best and certainly the most original American film of the 1980s (which is not saying much, but still...)
0671867369|5.0|I thought that this one was not quite as good, as D-Day or Citizen Soldiers, but it still kept me up late reading.  It's an interesting look at the inner workings of a single group of men.
0385484518|1.0|I admit that I only read the first half of the book.  I couldn't stand any more.  One of the reviewers said something about &quot;fourth-grade level&quot; writing, and I couldn't agree more.  Why do so many people eat  this up?  Have they never before thought about life and death?  This book  is appropriate for the reading level and reasoning ability of a  ten-year-old.
6305251134|4.0|As long as you like romance, history, and awesome scenery, you'll love this movie.  The only problem is that it's not as visually awesome as it is on the big screen for which it was made.  Daniel Day Lewis and Madeleine  Stowe make a beautiful pair.  Everyone and everything in the movie has high  visual and auditory impact.  Some scenes, of war, are extremely disturbing  but not gratuitous.  It falls short of 5 stars only because I reserve  perfect scoring for films in the caliber of The Sound of Music but Last of  the Mohicans is also worth seeing several times over.
0205191584|5.0|Clear, Concise, Correct.  A pity it is missing form the desks of so many magazine writers and editors, as evidenced by so much bad usage (Are you listening, Time, Newsweek, Arizona Republic?)<br />--James Efird,  Tech  Writer
B000002J1U|5.0|Few really know &quot;Out on the Tiles&quot; as a Zep tune upon hearing the first bass strums of Jimmy's six-string. Those few, too, often miss the first stanza:&quot;As I walk down the highway all I do is sing this song.  At a Cayman's step in my way helps the rhythm move along, there is no doubt  about it-the morning's strong it's oh so strong . . . Im just a simple guy,  I live from day to day. A ray of sunshine melts my frown, blows my blues  away. There's nothing more that I can say, but on a day like today, Ill  pass the time away, and walk a quiet mile with you . . . &quot;<br />That's  love and music kids . . .
6304057709|4.0|I loved Sense and Sensibilty.  It is a must for any video collection.  And if you love watching Kate Winslet, Emma Thompson, or Hugh Grant, then this movie is definitely for you.  Whether its in the happy times or when  Marianne gets sick, you love the Dashwood sisters and laugh and cry with  them.
B0000025JT|5.0|-------------------------------------------------&gt; In 1980, following her #1 duet with Donna Summer (&quot;No More Tears/Enough Is Enough&quot;), Barbra released the first single from her new album... &quot;Woman In  Love&quot;. It quickly rose to #1 and was certified gold. Shortly  thereafter, the title track &quot;Guilty&quot;, a duet with Barry Gibb, was  released and rose to #3. It also went gold and won a grammy for best pop  vocal duet. Then came the #10 follow-up duet with Barry Gibb &quot;What  Kind of Fool&quot;, and then the #48 single &quot;Promises&quot;.   <br />&quot;Promises&quot; was remixed as a 12&quot; single. It was released  again in the late 80's as a part of Columbia Records &quot;Mixed  Masters&quot; series and was backed with Barbra's 12&quot; version of  &quot;The Main Event&quot;. It's a great track and I only wish Barbra would  have it re-mixed for the 90's!<br />What is so special about  &quot;Guilty&quot; is not only Barbra's voice being in peak form, but that  these songs are a departure for her. The lyrics break from her self-stated  style of being... &quot;a story - with a beginning, middle and an  end&quot;. The lyrics are often vague and esoteric and open to all sorts of  interpretations.  <br />On the plus side: To date, this is Barbra's best  selling album. Barbra is cosidered by many to be the greatest female  vocalist of the the 20th century...this album shows you why.<br />On the minus  side:  One reviewer likened Barbra's &quot;Guilty' duet with Barry Gibb as  sounding like a duet between Mae West and Don Knotts. &quot;What Kind of  Fool&quot; was originally planned as a solo, and should have been.  &quot;Never Give Up&quot; is pure forgettable bubble-gum. <br />Sadly,  &quot;Guilty&quot; was Barbra's last hurrah at main stream Top 40 radio.  Aside from her very next single, the #11 &quot;Comin' In &amp; Out of Your  Life&quot;, Barbra has never had another Top 30 solo-single. Maybe her last  album of the 90's, the forthcoming &quot;A Love Like Ours&quot; will change  that! <br />Best cuts: Woman In Love, Run Wild, Promises, The Love Inside,  Life Story and Make It Like A Memory.
6305161976|5.0|Casablanca digitally remastered with sharp blacks and whites contrasting in the shadowy world of Rick's Cafe. This funny and heart-wrenching movie is finally done justice...and probably in the best condition since our  parents saw it on the big screen. Who can out-sauve Humphrey Bogart, or  fill a screen with more beauty than Ingrid Bergman? The short retrospective  is fair, and the 12 odd previews are not in the best shape but hopefully a  bone thrown to us as to what classic Bogie films are yet to come to DVD (or  at least we can hope). This is a MUST buy for classic movie and DVD  enthusiasts alike!
0780627024|5.0|I expected this movie to be nominated and seriously considered for Best Picture of 1998.  It's a dense photoimagistic essay on 20th century life using the metaphor of 50's television to carry the message, softly and  without violence, of war, prejudice, and the confusion of youth in the 20th  century.  With each additional color, light is shed on perplexing topics.   I think this is one of the best films I ever saw.  It rates in my top ten.
0898159156|5.0|I enjoyed reading this book, it is full of humour and I could feel that the author really loves these special beings, carnivorous plants. This book is the most important thing one should buy before starting to deal with  flesh-eating plants,any important information which is needed to  cultivating  these plants is told us here, in a clear and short way.
B000001IPP|5.0|Here's the thing: Rancid paid their dues, unlike you who have mommy and daddy buy your Sex Pistols records at the local mall. They have good tunes, that's all that matters, oh well, next year you'll be back to listening to  Matchbox 20 anyway.  Oh yeah, I was once told the Clash were  &quot;sell-outs&quot; too, so were the Jam...ha ha ha.. you tossers.
0385493800|4.0|As is common in Grisham's novels, this book was a fast and enjoyable read.  The extremes in character types creates a balance against which the reader can assess his own thoughts as to the meaning of wealth and even life  itself.  The book's surprise ending is another Grisham trademark.
B000002UWF|5.0|This album was more then what I thought it would be.  While listening to this album, you can't stop yourself from wanting to get up and dance.  If your not in the mood, this album will pick you up and put you there.  If  your Italian, you will love it (check out the cut called  &quot;Angelina-zooma zomma&quot;)as it brings back memories of the good old  days with the family. Buy it, you'll like it.
0316236446|5.0|I have given this book away more times than I can count. Sometimes as an intentional gift, other times I share it with a child in a waiting room or on an airplane, and they're so taken with it I have to let them keep it!  It's a fun system that lets anyone draw charming little scenes with  immediate success. Great introduction before moving on to more advanced  books by others such as Lee Ames, Mark Kistler and Betty Edwards. But, the  truth is, I love this book, too, and have fun with it all the time.
6300151379|5.0|This is one of THE greatest family films of all time.  You simply MUST watch it.
B000006OAM|3.0|I had high expectations for &quot;Ophelia&quot; after the rousing success of &quot;Tigerlily.&quot; I enjoyed the moments of introspection and occasional anger that Natalie showed on her debut album, but I think that  success had a price. &quot;Ophelia&quot; is the cost of success. Many of  the songs are pretentious, overdone, and strangely empty affairs. The lone  exceptions occur early: &quot;Life is Sweet,&quot; &quot;Kind and  Generous,&quot; &quot;Frozen Charlotte,&quot; and &quot;My Skin&quot; are  good, but not great songs. The rest of the album is a depressing,  one-dimensional drag. This is sad because rarely has Natalie's voice  sounded better, but it is wasted  on bad material. And where is guitarist  Jennifer Turner, who added spice to &quot;Tigerlily?&quot;
0679882820|5.0|This book is so much fun.  My son laughed for the first time at the funny sounds Mr. Brown can do  - in particular he thought the Buzz Buzz was pretty funny - each time, another sound catches his interest.  I love to  read it to him to hear his cute chuckles - he is only 5 months!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I first heard Sarah back in '84 on Lloyd-Webbers' Requiem. My, how this artist has grown! Her music really moves me, the last album really rekindled my interest since she sang with my favorite tenor, Andrea  Bocelli. The mix of styles on the last album was a marvel, the mix on the  new album shows even more improvement! Sarah, you're wonderful!! Her light,  wispy Soprano has never been more controlled, her choice of material  excellent, as usual. Some of those high notes reach for the stars! BRAVO!
6303332609|5.0|This is the stupidest but coolest sci-fi movie in history.  If anyone is willing to sell their English version I am willing to buy.  Write to martymcbillie@hotmail.com
B00000I2LR|5.0|the cd is so full of Garbage`s power its a album put together to bring you the best.....no fan should be without!! the best from me goes to 'AS HEAVEN IS WIDE&quot; and &quot;#1 CRUSH&quot; but all others rock the top.. buy  the best today!!!
0060977493|5.0|I cannot begin to describe how much I LOVED this book! Its definately a masterpiece! I hadn't read anything as exquisitevely written in ages, this is a gold mine waiting to be discovered. I guess the people who didn't seem  to like this work felt kind of overwhelmed by the explicity and cruel  reality expressed here, and many of us still are somewhat governed by  taboos, but Ms. Roy tells life as it is, no pretty flowers to make it mild,  but that's life and it gave me an entirely diferent point of view,  something, actually a lot of things to think about. And the characters,  which I believe is a very strong point in a book, are presented just  perfectly. It is as if you actually knew these people, shared their pain,  joy, sadness, I actually felt I knew them my entire life! Books that make  you feel these thing are the ones that trascend and become inmortal. I  truly belive this one will become one of them.
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams once again breathes life into the beginning of a whole new saga.  After more than twenty years from composing the magical scores for Star Wars Episode IV, V and VI, John Williams once again fills our ears and  captures our senses with a new sensation of a galaxy before the Clone Wars;  before the Empire.  His music allows the audience to truly experience the  Star Wars universe as it was in a more &quot;civilized&quot; age.
0684847248|4.0|A painstaking attempt through love to guide those 'lost' on dead-end roads...
1573226521|2.0|Okay, maybe I'd heard too much about this book before I read it. Like when I finally saw Big Ben only to find it covered in scaffolding. Watching the brouhaha it inspired in my book club, reading the reviews, I expected much,  much more from Garland. Is this the best he can do? Then I tried to cut him  some slack--hey, he's only 26. But then, at 26 (24--whatever) if anything I  had even more imaginative visions of what paradise on earth would look  like. Work details? Give me a break. No natives allowed? Sounded more like  a foreign military base than paradise. And that it was supposed to be so  secret, yet they found it so easily (having to swim to it was an  interesting twist, granted. Nevertheless, they made it there in a trice).  And just as quickly it all falls apart. Much like the book. And that  annoying Daffy--something to fall back on. Come on! This is NOT a great  book. Mediocre at best. 2 stars--as generous as I can be. He's young. I  wanted to like it. I really did.
6305268835|5.0|If you liked Adam sandler in &quot;Saturday Night live&quot; you'll love this one. Adam Sndler and Henry Winkler make this one of the best comedies of '98. If you haven't seen it rent it, if you like buy it!!
0393307050|5.0|I am always surprised by the people who like these books--people from such diverse backgrounds and interests.  Sure, there's fun in going back to another time, another place, and having incredible adventures... fun in  trying to distinguish a top-gallant from a mizzenmast, fun in the language  and the word-play...  but the whole seems to add up to something even  greater, if you can believe it!  Give it a try!  And have fun!
B00000IIXH|3.0|I couldn't afford the $65.00 box set so I was delighted this compilation came out from the box set.  It's nothing special but it's still Bruce and still sounds as good as he always sounded.  Those of you that are  disappointed in the box set go to a used cd store and sell it and stop  whining!
B000002NHN|5.0|I had never heard of her, I new I like this type of music, I am very fond of Enya, and this CD for me is just what I was looking after listening and listening Enya. More I listen more I like it, I will get her other CD this  is a MUST for every one liking celt new age music.I congratulate Loreena.
B00000I78Y|5.0|it is rare that after this long something blows my mind this much. every time i listen to it it gets better! serj and damon are my heroes--they tell it like it is.
B000001FOL|3.0|Nico was always more of a persona than a musician.  CHELSEA GIRLS is mostly comprised of songs written by the men who worshipped her creepy charms.  Unfortunately, Nico embraces each of these well-crafted melodramas  with the same off-kilter monotone.  This is sometimes moving, sometimes  numbing, and sometimes (unintentionally) hilarious.  Although its a brief  album, it's best not to listen to the entire work in one sitting.  Nico's  voice contains no charm or sincerity.  What many interpret as sullen depth  and morosity is more likely the droning buzzes and bleeps of a burnt-out  robot that no one bothered to unplug.  But I still recommend this album!
B00000AFFF|2.0|After enjoying the collaboration between Elvis and Burt for the Grace of My Heart soundtrack,I expected something pretty special from this cd. Instead, it sounds as if everyone did their recording in a different  country, weeks apart. Elvis mumbles from somewhere out back while the piano  tinkles on remorselessly, and every now and then a braying reincarnation of  the Ray Conniff singers bursts into, I guess, song, without any emotion  whatsoever. A serious disappointment.
078322933X|5.0|the best slasher ever!! i watch it everyday. mark is good playing a psycho teen. you should watch this nail-biting thriller. i just can't get over how great it was! i just loved the whole family also. nice ending too. it was a  jump out of your seat, scary, spine tingeling slaughter movie. reese was  the best. she was a clean-cut kind of spunky girl. the dad and other cast  members were the very best. keep watching reese!
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album is quite different than JLP, but that does not mean it isn't as good.  Just like people grow, so does an artist; and this album shows growth by Alanis.  No, it isn't as mean and vengeful as JLP, but it's not  supposed to be.  Alanis has grown up and has made some beautiful music on  this wonderful album.  It won't have as many hits, but it takes ALOT of  listens to catch everything.  I was a bit disappointed as I listened to the  album the FIRST time, but after the 100th time, I LOVEd IT! I listen to it  at least once a week.  You just have to listen to every song carefully.   Keep up the good work, Alanis, and keep giving us something NEW each time!
0783113943|5.0|This movie was one of the best movies I saw all year. It was so cool. Gia's life made a really good movie. The best part in the movie is when she makes the cover of VOUGE. This movie really focuses on her bisexuality and  her life on heroine. I give it 4 stars on a scale from 1-4.
0684867621|4.0|Whenever an author like Stephen King strays from a tried and true formula, he opens himself up to critcism. But, I for one enjoy these forays into the untested. I think Mr. King is a very talented writer in any genre, even  those outside of his typical &quot;horror&quot; stories.  I thought this was a compelling story, although not as  &quot;lively&quot; as most of his readers are used to. I found it gripping  and interesting, since it wasn't typical. And, most importantly, I cared  whether or not the girl got out alive, which is more than I can say for  some of his recent characters in his more accepted form of writing.
B000002UJQ|3.0|Okay, let's cut through all the bull: this album is...okay.  It's not great.  It's not terrible.  It's...okay.  There are some good songs to be here.  Exit Music is brilliant; ...Alien, No Surprises, and Let Down are  also decent.  It's really, really not a great album, though.  It's let down  by long stretches of mind-numbing noise that simply make me want to scream.   This isn't the sort of music that can keep its momentum over a period of  fifty-three minutes.<br />Also...well, I hate to use the word  &quot;pretentious,&quot; but it's sort of hard to avoid here.  I'm all for  pushing musical boundaries, but this is just too self-consciously  &quot;look how amazingly intelligent we are&quot; for my tastes.   Intelligent lyrics?  Come on--I find it almost impossible to listen to  Fitter Happier without rolling my eyes.  If you want intelligent music that  doesn't sound forced, listen to the Smiths or something.  I have to say,  the group's ambitions exceeded their admittedly fairly long grasp.
B000009CEM|4.0|...it's still really damn catchy and great to listen to. It's taken me a long time to like FF. Believe it or not, FF is the band I have seen the most live: 4 times. The first 3 times were all co-incidental, opening for  other bands I liked. But just lately, I actually went to a show where they  headlined. LONGEST SET I'VE EVER SEEN! They played forever. Good show  though. I never liked FF before because everything seemed generic. But  Obsolete is varied quite a bit, with melodic parts, good harmonies, along  with an onslaught of ball-crushing riffs and rhythms. If you like this, I  would highly, HIGHLY recommend the band Meshuggah, album &quot;destroy  erase improve&quot;. It's kinda like FF only more aggressive vocals and way  more complicated rhythmically. Check it out!
B000003CM8|5.0|69 was a great year for rock, and I used to see the Allman Brothers play for free in Atlanta's Peachtree Park.  When this album came out I listened to it so many times I ruined the 8 track tape it was on.  I've since used  up 2 casette versions, and am now working on the remastered cd. I love this  album.
B000002URV|5.0|Try it.  Low lights, no lights.  Comfortably sprawled on your beanbag, your hammock, your couch or your bed.  Alone or with a friend.  Let the music carry you... I was staying in Hot Springs Arkansas, visiting friends.   Too cheap for a motel, I slept in the park atop the hill.  Some local kids  came by, we smoked and talked thru the wee hours and a thunderstorm.  I saw  the hands down *sexiest* thing in my life (amd I'm a 3 tour Navy vet!)... I  put on Enigma in my car, cranked it, and the girls stood on the wall  overlooking the embankment, backlit by the city lights and danced in slow,  seamless, beautiful rythm.  It was breathtaking.
0380973464|4.0|... I am quite pleased with how it's coming together - and disappointed in the physical quality of the book. The pages are untrimmed, the paper itself feels cheap, and there is at least one run of 30-some pages with matching  tears in the edge. Also, the dust jacket is creased in a few places. <br />The  content could probably stand some editing, but every sentance is so  pleasant to read that I can imagine the author's reluctance to trim it  down. <br />I particularly enjoyed Shaftoe's advice to Lt. Reagan, &quot;Shoot  the one with the sword first.&quot;
B0000035E7|5.0|Soundgarden and Pearl Jam are good yes, but they only strive to be as good as Nirvana. Some of you think that complex and multi-intstrumental music is the sign of good music, but fact is, Kurt didn't need two guitarists, tons  of special effects, and mainstream lyrics to bring the house down.  <br />&quot;Bleach&quot; is the raw material for a mosh pit. Cornell and  Vedder could only dream of copying it so easily.  Fact is, he would've  rocked in the seventies had he been around back then becaus his music is  Universal with the exception of Iowa apparently.
B00000ILBK|3.0|The newest installment in the Star Trek movie series, &quot;Insurrection&quot;, was definately entertaining, but I was expecting a little more. First of all, &quot;First Contact&quot;, I felt, was much  better. The f/x in &quot;Insurrection&quot; seemed too fake, (especially  the Enterprise). The ships did not look as real as in previous films. The  story was original, the crew saving a people whom possess eternal youth.  something which has not been done before in the Star Trek films. However,  too much of the film was spent on the planet, and not enough of the  Enterprise. For an average Trekker, &quot;Insurrection&quot; satisfies, but  for hard-core Trekkers like myself, it wasn't as entertaining as previous  films.
B00000IMCW|5.0|Well done to Anchor Bay for this latest release that presents the Zombie Masters' classic on a single side of a DVD (though more would have been nice!!).  The film has never looked or sounded better.  A minor gripe - in  the early SWOT team raid, skin colours did tend to merge with the green of  the tear gas, making even the police occasionally look like zombies!<br />Over  hear in England, I was first introduced to this ground breaking horror  movie as Zombies: Dawn of the Dead - and therefore saw the Dario Argento  (slightly shorter) cut.  Recently though, the wonderful BBC broadcast the  'US Cinema cut' - apparently unmolested.  This edition of the DVD also  purports to be the US Cinema cut but I did notice some differences -  noteably, the clear-up scene in the basement of the 'projects' building and  the biker attack on the mall.  The BBC cut showed our hero popping bullets  through the sheet covered heads of several bodies in the basement, then  lots of sniper rifle close ups of heads going pop in the biker attack.   These 'gory' extras seemed missing on the DVD.  Does anybody know the score  on these differences??<br />Another gripe is with the extras on this disk -  it's good to see the Dario Argento 'talking' scenes, but what about the  extra gore scenes they actually mention in the on screen text??  The  slapstick gore is what makes this movie stand out and extras on this front  are surely what the majority want to see?  The mall advert is intesting for  about as long as it's duration (a minute) and there's no supplemental  behind the scenes footage.  What about an interview with the filmaker?  Or  one with Argento on why the differences for Europe?  And who hasn't  wondered 'where are they now?' about their favourite cast member - ideal  fodder for an anniversary extra!?!<br />This is a must have DVD for any fan  but it would've been nice if Anchor went to the depths that Criterion do  for some of their releases.
0767833058|5.0|One of my all-time favorite movies and certainly my favorite Western.  Having it on on DVD will let me watch it a hundred times without having to rewind! Kevin Klein stands out, but the acting is uniformly terrific.   Excellent direction and cinematography give the film a modern feel.  Character development is given a great deal of attention and there are a  lot of characters, so it's quite an accomplishment to have done such a good  job with each of them.<br />As I said, I can watch this movie over and over  again. I'll bet you can too...
B0000033RY|5.0|You want straight ahead rock and roll with no strings attached, Cactus is it!! This CD burns with some of the best down to earth rock/boogie and blues that has ever been captured on tape! Parchment Farm is a classic both  the studio and the live version. Jim McCarty is one of the most underrated  guitarist in the history of rock. Add Rusty Days' ballsy vocals and harp,  plus one of the heaviest rhythm sections in rock of Carmine Appice on drums  and Tim Bogert on bass and you have the ingredients of one of the greatest  rock groups of all time!! I saw them live in 1971 and they burned the place  down!! Get this CD and turn it up!!!
6300182770|4.0|great movie for those who like movies.  way before its time and hard to understand.  probably best seen late at night and under the influence.
B00000ILBK|1.0|Don't watch this movie unless you are doing something.  Don't buy it, rent it.
0783228317|5.0|Terry Gilliam is a genius, the movie is terrific, and anyone who does not understand it, fears it, and therefor gives it a bad review.
6305311463|5.0|First of all, I must go on record as one of the only people who actually loves this movie. WHY, you ask? Well, I have a simple theory. When you see a movie in a theater, the way the audience watching it with you reacts has  a huge effect on how YOU take the film. The audience I saw it with in the  theater took it SERIOUSLY. No [OK, a little] laughter, but definitely no  mocking. People were truly crying during the &quot;goodbye&quot; scenes.  Anyhow, back to the point...Whether you liked this movie or not, it is from  a technical perspective, simply the best DVD ever made. The second disc has  terrific extras (the &quot;gag reel&quot; is so funny I fell off the couch  and started choking I was laughing so hard at Billy Bob). In three words,  GET THIS DVD NOW! (Ok, 4 words).
0767822617|5.0|This movie is wonderful!!  I have probably seen it 15 times and each time it touches me more.  Buy it!  You won't be sorry.
B00000F169|5.0|This was the hit of the MOVIE ROOM AT THE WORLD SCIENCE FICTION CONVENTION-SEPT 1976 IN KANSAS CITY.This was one of over 70 movies over the five day Convention that featured some of the only prints remaining that  were kept in the underground vaults in Kansas. It was the only one that was  played more than one time-I believe five is correct,but it's been a long  time since then.  My favorite part is the big orange beach ball monster.  This movie is the best I've seen for the small change spent to make it.Best  chuckle for the buck by far.
B0000009RT|5.0|With this album (double in LP edition, the first one in rock), Zappa created the pop culture, a musical scene (Californian freaks), a slogan, the concept album, the use of concrete music in rock  context, and the  spirit of the sixties. If you like the sound of the sixties, you must  purchase it.
6305358613|1.0|Other critical reviewers have already noted that Elizabeth makes a travesty of history, and unnecessarily so.  The politics, personalties, and intrigues of the Elizabethan period were fascinating enough without  debasing them with this kind of cinematic rubbish.  Even more deplorable is  the quality of the screenplay itself.  In contrast to such classics as  Elizabeth R and Mary Queen of Scots (and even The Virgin Queen), the  writing here alternates between the banal and the sophomoric--it's just  plain boring.  See Shakespeare in Love for a lesson in how truly talented  writers can bring this period alive with an engaging, witty, intelligent  script.
0767903811|5.0|This was recently published in Australia as &quot;Notes from a Big Country&quot; and is one of Bill Bryson's best works.  His articles cover a broad range of issues and he looks at them with some of his trademark  humour but tackles some serious issues.  Hopefully there will be a followup  publication of his new articles.<br />I'm looking forward to his account of  his travels in Australia.
6304618344|5.0|This was one of Nicholas cage's best yet. The storyline was incredible, and the effects were mind boggling. I don't recommend this to anyone who shivers at the sight of blood.
1560100842|5.0|This is an absolute must-have for any animator, or anyone striving to become one. A compilation of the incredible Preston Blair animation series all in one volume, it explains all the basics of hand-drawn animation  simply and thoroughly, with great illustrations. These rules of motion hold  true in all mediums, so this information can be applied to computer and  stop-motion animation techniques as well as the traditional pencil and  paper method. Here at work we call it The Animator's Bible, and few desks  are without a copy (see The Illusion Of Life by Frank Thomas and Ollie  Johnston for the ten commandments).
630529142X|5.0|I think this was a very good movie and I want to see finally in DVD.  I want to see it in DVD I want to see Antz and maybe Bugs life, and maybe even May DREAMS COME
B0000062Y2|2.0|I've listened to this CD and I own the LD of the movie. IMHO, the casting could have been greatly improved. While I found Judas and Caiaphas pretty good, Ted Neeley made a rather wimpy JC, totally ruining one of my  favourite songs from the show, Gethsamene. At times he seems to be  screaming like a woman! If you want to hear it as it *should* be heard, go  buy, beg, borrow or steal a copy of Michael Crawford's (yes, he of Phantom  fame) CD &quot;Michael Crawford performs Andrew Lloyd Webber.&quot; Trust  me, it's worth it for track 7 alone, where he does the most incredibly  emotive, anguished rendition of Gethsamene. It will bring tears to your  eyes, and a new appreciation for the song. I never thought much of the song  until I heard Crawford sing it-he really opened my eyes up to it's beauty.
B000002GEY|4.0|Please pass the toast and the butter, for breakfast is a blast in Supertramp's masterpiece, Breakfast In America.<br />After a somewhat sluggish opening pair of numbers comes the engaging Goodbye Stranger, followed by  the power-driven title track.<br />But it is Take The Long Way Home that  stands out above all.  From the haunting harmonica that opens and closes  the number, the song builds and powers forward with superlative piano and  organ amid guitar and an engagingly cheesy clarinet solo in the bridge.   Ultimately, it is the harmonica closer that sticks in the mind upon the  song's completion; after such an exhilarating ride, one is struck by the  deafening silence as the harmonica lilts its final note.<br />Lord Is It Mine  is a unique song.  I cannot listen to it, not because of any defect, but  because it projects its power all too well.  It is a tearful number, the  piano and organ grabbing the heartstrings and wrenching until one is  reduced to tears.<br />The final three tracks are good, and close out the  album is fine style.
0783226837|5.0|This is a truly great film.  Script, casting, humor...As others have pointed out, Tremors resurrects the 50's monster movie genre, but it actually offers some new twists.  I've been watching B-movies for at least  32 of my 40 years ...I've seen monsters burned, electrocuted, nuked,   dissolved, chopped, diced, pureed, crushed...you name it, I've seen it.   The writers of Tremors actually came up with new ways to kill the monster!  I thought I'd seen it all.  In  addition, anytime humor is mixed successfully with horror, the result is  that the viewer is kept off balance and on the edge of their seat.  In my  opinion, this is one of the best monster movies of the past twenty years.
6300248550|5.0|The most intriguing version ever. I couldn't help myself to fall in love with Mr. Dalton, his absolutely professional acting, the extremely attactive voice, and, of course, his look are so inresistible that i have  to reword every scene that has him in it. To be honest, he is way too  handsome to be Rochaster, but that only make the movie more attactive. If  you know how to appreciate the true professional performance not only the  costume and the soundtrack, the is the only version you must have.
1558216340|5.0|I first read 'The Long Walk' in 1977, when I chanced upon the paperback in the school library. I was in my first year of high school then, and I remember that once I started, I could not put the book down. What an  amazing story!<br />I kept that book for years afterwards (and I don't  normally steal from libraries!). In time the pages became torn and  weathered, and eventually I had to throw it away. But I never forgot the  story, and despite searching for it at bookshops, I never found another  copy.<br />I had to wait for the internet to come along before I was able to  order the book from overseas. I was delighted to find that there were many  other people out there who had enjoyed the book as much as I had. I was  even more delighted to find that Slavomir Rawicz is still alive and living  in England!!<br />Has anybody tried finding out what happened to his  companions? Slavomir writes that they said that after leaving the hospital  in Calcutta they would go anywhere rather than live under communism. It is  quite possible they emigrated to Australia, New Zealand, the USA, Canada or  England. He also writes in the afterword to the 1997 edition that 'it is  very painful not knowing what happened to them'. <br />If anyone is interested  in helping me look for Slavomir's companions, or has information as to  their whereabouts, then please email me. Time is running out, as they would  be in their eighties now, if they are still alive. In the meantime, I am  researching the background to the book.
B00000DC4A|5.0|I have enjoy Mr Adams music since the mid 80's I think it is a rarity to like every single song I absolutely like every song here. It is a great collection shame on the record company not releasing anything other than  when your gone? please!!
0767903811|5.0|I have the British version, &quot;Notes From a Big Country', which seems to be somewhat different -- my version is missing the 'rules of life' and the high school commencement speech, both mentioned in the reviews.   Doesn't matter; I can recommend this version sight unseen. Having read four  or five of Bryson's books (I particularly like 'English and How It Got That  Way'), I have come to the conclusion that the man doesn't write anything  that won't leave your sides sore.
0812550706|5.0|As much as I hate to jump on the bandwagon, I have to admit that this book was surprisingly original and very well written.  Having read the jacket cover synopsis, I did not believe the story would be very compelling.  In  fact, I had put off reading this book for several years for that very  reason.  How very wrong I was.  Like the best science fiction/fantasy  writers, Card strips away modern day biases by setting the story in a  fictional future and examining a very human condition.  The protagonist is  identifiable and engaging, and the prose is brisk and entertaining.  While  some might contend that Card spoon-feeds the story rather than allow the  reader to draw their own conclusions, in this case Card has a well thought  out agenda that is satisfying.  Although I tend to prefer fantasy to  science fiction, I would have to rate this book as one of the ten best of  either genre.
6305171769|5.0|To bad you cant give oscars for horrormovies. Let me... Best film. Best actress. Best soundtrack. Best director.
080013799X|5.0|When I think of Monty Python and the Holy Grail, I think of one of the most classic British comedies ever.  It is by far one of my favorite movies.  It is one of those movies for people with an intellectual(believe  it or not)sense of humor.  It is truly a great movie.
B00000IP2L|5.0|I completely disagree with the &quot;music fan&quot; that rated this album so poorly.  I have just received the Japanese version of &quot;Sonic Brew&quot;, and I was amazed.  Mr. Wylde has not only gotten better as a  musician (although it is difficult to imagine how he can get better than he  already was), he has also improved as a songwriter.  He's a very angry  songwriter, and does not bother to write about sex, drugs and other  nonsense.  I can certainly identify with his lyrics. Songs like  &quot;Mother Mary&quot; and &quot;Bored to Tears&quot; are excellent  examples of Zakk's incredible talent. &quot;Sonic Brew&quot; is definitely  for serious listeners with good taste and functioning brain cells. The best  of 1999!
B000000OSE|5.0|This album is just great...the best...it grabs you...it's the best album ever with Illusion II....Guns and Roses is the best band on the earth....and they're gonna be back!!! Keep Rock!!!
B000002GEY|5.0|Supertramp delivers upbeat, lyrically poetical tunes that illuminate the soul.
0767903811|5.0|This is a must-read for all Americans!; especially those who would like to know what the rest of the world may think of us.  It will make you laugh so hard, you may actually cry, and it will let you step back and observe our  daily living activities with a new perspective (which are, quite often,  very hilarious).  As someone who also has recently returned to America, I  recommend it to anyone who ever wonders about some of the bizarre and  sometimes outrageous happenings of life in America.
0684867621|1.0|Kings best work is still the two weeks of Guiding Light episodes he wrote in '77.  All of his books run together in a mush of slippery allusions which read more like aspersions.  Yeah the woods are scary and McDonalds is  too and so is the fact that Stephen King sells more books than Jimmy  Carter.
B000002UKS|5.0|I'd recommend this CD to anyone.All the songs are done quite well and give a lot of emotion to the listener. The only complaint is that too many of the songs are about lost loves ,getting love,and finding new love,ETC. and  it gets a little sappy atfer a while.But maybe its just because I'm a  looser and can't get a babe at gunpoint. But it's still one of my favorite  CDs.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool is probably one of the best groups around, besides Metallica &amp; Pink Floyd.  I listen to Aenima every morning on my way to work, and it's a great CD to get you pumped up.  I HIGHly recommend it.  :-P
0812548094|5.0|This book is a must read for any fantasy lover.  I have a hard time finding books I really enjoy, and can't put down, and I was so thankful to the friend that recomended me this title.
B000006YBO|5.0|Down showed what all these guys are made of by working with somebody else besides there own band.They brought back the riffs of old time guitar rock&amp;roll.With songs like lifer,stone the crow and rehab.The band  brought a more mellow sound also with jail and pray of the locust.I would  recommend this cd to anybody who is in to guitar rock.
0316548189|5.0|Certainly, as stated on the cover, a book to be read by every person on earth. Truely, Mr. Mandella gave his own personal life for the life of his people.  I could not put this book down and selfishly, didn't want it to  end!  When you read this book, you will never look at your life the same  again.
6302413931|5.0|Apocalypse is the rare film that combines a deaply disturbing story with decent action and entertainment. Even before I read Conrad's Heart of Darkness, I was impressed with the dark themes this film explored. After  reading the book, the movie went from great to fantastic. A must see for  everyone!
B0000024SN|4.0|The folk rock genre got big when, unbeknownst to Pauls Simon, a producer added drum, bass, and guitar tracks to his folk version of &quot;Sounds of Silence.&quot; (Further manipulation: that isn't even S+G on the cover,  it's two lookalikes! They were in England at the time and there was a  deadline.) Nevertheless, Simon dove into the new genre with some maturing  songwriting on this good followup to the &quot;Silence&quot; single. The  tone of this album has the dark angst of youth, but &quot;Leaves That Are  Green&quot; &quot;Kathy's Song&quot; &quot;Richard Corey&quot; &quot;April  Come She Will&quot; and &quot;I Am a Rock&quot; are all magic. Well worth  your time.
B000002VRZ|5.0|Back in the late 70's there were  not  many bands around that could put on a show as great as these guys. My first encounter with them was at a free concert in NYC Central Park in 1976. They opened for Jefferson Starship. It  was the first time I ever heard of them and after seeing them that day I  was hooked like never before to any band. Their set was only 35 minutes  long. About 15 of it was their anthem, Green Grass and High Tides. To this  day I can not recall much of Starships' performance that day because I was  so awed from the Outlaws set. Anyhow, I went on to see them at least 20  times in the NY area over the next few years. One weekend I saw them 3  nights in a row at 3 different venues. One show at the Capitol Theatre in  NJ at the WNEW-FM Xmas concert, they played Green Grass for 45 minutes  straight. Sitting fourth row that night it was sheer ecstasy for this  Outlaw freak. Over the years music choices changed drasticaly, but deep  inside I have a warm spot for them that will never fade. Go ahead, cue up  Green Grass and High Tides one more time for the old days and enjoy 8  minutes of  pure Soputhern Rock n roll energy !!
B000001FKY|5.0|They are the best. This is an amazing cd. Every song is radio-worthy, or close to it.  There are a couple songs that I'm surprised weren't hits in the States.  I just wish people would stop referring to Def Leppard as heavy metal, what's that all about? Give them a little more credit. They are Def Leppard. 'Nuff said.
0385493622|5.0|My knowledge of advanced mathematics is limited, but nonetheless Fermat's Enigma proved to be an exciting read.  Singh does not burden us with too many details, and therefore leaves the triumph of sheer will as the hook  that keeps the reader captivated through the end.  An interest in science  and math certainly makes this book more appealing, but you need not be an  expert to enjoy this book.
6302413931|5.0|The film is revolutionary and induces a state of insansity evocative of Nam itself. Brando, Dennis Hopper, Harrison Ford and of course Lawrence Fishburne star in this Doors (Morrison) imbued masterpiece of poetry,  music, irony, insanity and explosive reality. If you enjoy movies that make  you think and violence that elicit's a tear, this film is definitely for  you.
630428540X|5.0|What stand out for me in movies are 'moments', very special ones that have a life of their own. This movie has many of these moments, not the least of which is Travolta's final one. Underrated on many levels, it deserves much  more praise than it has received.
630027120X|4.0|THIS IS A GREAT MOVIE THAT SHOWS HOW A MAN CAN CHANGE HIS LIFE AROUND.  IT SHOWS THAT YOU SHOULD TURN TO GOD WHEN IN TIMES OF NEED.  THE NATIVES TOILSOME LIVES ARE DISPLAYED TO US.  THE WAY THEY WERE UNFAIRLY AND  UNJUSTLY TREATED WAS DEPICTED.  THE HORRID EFFECTS OF EUROPEAN EXPANSIONISM  WERE ALSO SHOWN.  ANYONE WITH A HEART SHOULD GO RENT THIS MOVIE.
6301773551|3.0|Star Wars is a fun movie, that's all, not a great cinematic accomplishment.  The editing wasn't that great, the special effects were good at the time, the script didn't make much sense, the plot was full of  holes, etc.  But for what it was, a loud, fun moive with a pretty cast,  lots of battle scenes and a sprinkling of romance, it was one of the best.   However, something can be said for substance and technical perfection, but,  please do not let George Lucas be the one to say it.
6305311463|5.0|Why has this movie reveived every rating in the book??  Two reasons.  People like me who view movies as &quot;entertainment&quot; and are able to exercise &quot;suspension of disbelief&quot; which is critical to enjoying  a science-fiction movie, loved this movie because it contained a wide  variety of emotional elements (about everything except the kitchen sink),  outstanding special effects, riveting cinematography &amp; editing, and a  true hero.  People who feel that every movie should have redeeming social  value - a la &quot;Shindler's List&quot; - OR should have perfect and true  realism (which I have yet to see in a Hollywood movie) hated this movie.   That is why there is little middle ground - except for the people who  recognize the quality of the Criterion Collection but despised the quality  of the movie.  I honestly consider this movie to be one of the greatest  action movies of all time.  I think that it is every bit as good as the  original &quot;Star Wars&quot;, and better than &quot;Empire&quot; or  &quot;Jedi&quot;. There was little swearing (to ensure a PG-13), NO sex, NO  gore, and a minimum of violence considering the topic (asteroid hits  Earth). Michael Bay did a great job at developing characters through their  actions and wonderful imagery.  His technique and style scream for Oscar  recognition, which I am sure he will have in the future. Should this have  won an Oscar for Best Picture? No, but keeping in mind the genre, it was  among the all time greats - from &quot;The Great Escape&quot; to  &quot;Patton&quot; (which won Best Picture).  This collection is the  definitive one.  My wife, who refuses to buy any movies (or let me) was not  happy when I told her I spent the extra money for the Criterion Collection,  but once she saw the features, and listened to the commentary, she was  hooked.  Fascinating insight into the movie, even if you didn't like the  show, you would love the features and insights into its making.
0767819462|5.0|This movie was extremely funny and touching. I am a big fan of Julia Roberts and I feel this is one of her best performances yet!  Also she had awesome clothes for this movie.  I also want to buy the soundtrack!
0451196716|5.0|This is by far my favorite Stephen King short story.  Though not chalk-full of the horror element found in his other works, this novella hooks the reader by making you care about what happens to the characters.   I especially liked the ending which had shades of Edgar Allen Poe's THE PIT  AND THE PENDELLUM
B00000DGUG|5.0|What a great CD. Although some of the songs grow tiring fast, (Thank U, So Pure...) most tracks are listenable many times over. My personal &quot;faves&quot; are &quot;Front Row, Are You Still Mad, The Couch, That I  Would Be Good, and Can't Not.&quot; All-around, though, I would have to say  that I definitely do not regret this purchase.
B00000ICD9|1.0|All right, I understand that this movie had very deep and meaningful intentions, but, being the Williams' lover that I am I thought I would check it out. I was very disappointed with the outcome. It seemed that the  whole movie was chaos and tried to pass only by its amazing visuals. I  didn't believe that he loved her enough to go to Hell for her, and I  thought that the whole picture was just a wierd dream that one of the  scriptwriters dreamed up one afternoon. The movie definitely didn't come  close to it's potential. I thought it a waste of money.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This small taste of Star Wars I puts me in the mood for the main course. Williams once again has outdone himself with a spectacular compilation of music that has that Star Wars feel to it. By far the best tracks are the  Duel of the Fates, The Appearance of Darth Maul, Anakin Defeats Sebula and  The end credits. The force is with Willams and Company again.
B000005HO0|4.0|the sound of live in leipzig is sad but the darkness of this album is terribly cool.a good live album
B0000004V2|5.0|Even after listening to the Roses for over 5 years now they still amaze me!  I remember the first song I ever heard.  It was Going Down.  I fell in love the minute I heard it.  I haven't stopped loving thier music.  This CD  IS THE BEST!  You will experience so much emotion when  you listen to it.   Thank you boys, and please come back to us one day!!!
0671502336|5.0|For those that are thinking of reading the book, I recomend it above all others if you want to see a more clear view of how the world works.  To all those that disliked it, they must not like to have the wrongs of the world  pointed out to them and want to continue living with their  &quot;sheepish&quot; ideas of how life really is.
6304057709|5.0|This movie had me completely engrossed within the first 10 minutes.  Wonderfully told and acted by Emma Thompson and Kate Winslet.  Alan Rickman plays a perfect part as Colonel Brandon in love with Marianne  Dashwood.(Winslet)  I recommend this to everyone.  It is defintely part of  my video collection.
B00000IQMT|4.0|THIS IS A GREAT CD! HAUNTING BUT NOT ENOUGH OF A CONNECTION TO THE ORIGINAL MUSIC.
0792151720|5.0|Titanic was the most amazing movie I have ever seen, granted Leonardo Dicaprio's acting could have used a little more.  Kate Winslet was the star that shone the brightest.  I tend to be drawn towards movies based on  actual events.  (Braveheart, Schindler's List) I would change nothing in  this movie.  For those of you criticizing the movie for the fictional love  story between Jack and Rose, that was an ingenious maneuver to draw the  entire world into the story and begin to experience it...not just watch it.   That is what movies are for.  If you wanted nothing but facts, watch the  Titanic stories on the Learning Channel.  I highly recommend this to  everyone young and old and in between.  You will be in another world for  the next 3 hours of your life.  James Cameron did an outstanding job.  He  took the story of Titanic and sunk it right to the bottom of our hearts.
6305108145|4.0|This movie had a great plot and for the most part is well made. One thing that i noticed was that How the zombies killed people was very unreal. They where like ripping peoples guts OUT! and ripping people apart. Everything  looked Very Fake and the Way the zombies Ripped out the Peoples Guts was  not even .....I mean they did it with ease! But if you want a bloody Scary  action movie  DAWN OF THE DEAD IS IT!
B00000F169|1.0|I have been a sience finction fan for 40 years.  Had not seen this movie. But, unless you are interested in Sci-Fi nostalgia, this movie is a DOG! Not worth the money.
0684867621|4.0|The 9-innings with Trisha are wonderfully described. Having spent some time in some dank, bug-ridden New Hampshire woods, I could almost feel myself trying to swat away the noseeums as I read the book. And the  &quot;did he or didn't he&quot; appearances/advice from Gordon - and the  &quot;was it or wasn't it&quot; ambiguity of &quot;the threat&quot; leave  the reader to make up his or her own mind. Really good reading!
B000001FZK|5.0|By the time this album appeared in 1991, their old record company, radio, and the pop music press had abandoned Talk Talk.  Shame.  Because they continued to grow as a band.  Along with 1988's &quot;Spirit of Eden&quot;,  &quot;Laughing Stock&quot; is Talk Talk's best work.  It's 5 tracks with  depth, space, and length.  Songs aren't merely songs but jams that are  boiled down over and over with overdubs and occasionally layered with a  minimal amount of Mark Hollis' aching singing and lyrics.<br />If you've had  even the slightest hesitation of buying this, like I did for years, get it  now.  You will not be disappointed.
B000005RST|5.0|After having bought and of course, listened to all 3 albums of Enigma, I would only describe their music as, no less than devine. I can tell that it was really &quot; music to my ears &quot;.
B00000IQMT|1.0|Don't get me wrong, I'm a huge star wars fan, but I think people is far too excited about episode i and most of them will say the movie is great without a critical point of view, just because it's another star wars  movie. Same thing happens with the soundtrack. The music in this album  lacks the intensity of the previous albums. In the previous albums, music  was an entity of its own, now it is more like mickeymousing (a method of  synchronizing music and action) and music doesn't have a life on its own.  If this was the music for another movie and by another composer, it would  be great, but I thought star wars and williams had trascended this stage.
0790729628|5.0|I've always been taken with this film visually, but on this last viewing...  Well, IMHO this is a true work of art.  First, remember this was only 3-4 years after the first Star Wars breathed life back into the  genre.  Blade Runner is light years (ahem) ahead in terms of visuals,  acting, camera work - the basic criteria for film evaluation.  Then, due to  the conceptually pregnant &quot;Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep&quot;  it is also a film about Ideas.  Ridley Scott (who came out of British  Television commercial work) is the master of mood, and this film proves it,  suprisingly with pacing as good as the best of Wenders or Ozu.  All this  adds up to what Schrader would call a trancendent expression - a film that  trancends its normative bounds (and, honestly the &quot;happy&quot; ending  would be a classic Schrader break in visual style.  Typically, Film is  considered more emotional, more visceral, able to tap into our gut directly  through the eyes (I only do eyes, you nexus 6? I make you eyes).   By  holding the camera, moving the light, pausing between lines, focusing on  reaction rather than action (Decker after Rachels 100th question,  St.Sebastian after Roy steps in, Pris' growling no), Scott gives us a  meditation on existance, (More Human than Human is our motto) and a  cautionary look at the future.  Read also David Harvey's analysis in  &quot;the Condition of Postmodernity&quot;
0767800958|5.0|This movie was on my &quot;list&quot; as I am sure everyone has one. I'm hooked, it got my attention. I am mesmerized. I was not familiar with tango until this movie. The dance itself is so seductive, so beautiful, so sexy,  so wonderful to watch. It was great to see men dancing with each other,  too! I'm glad it was shot in black and white, it added that European  flavor. I'm definitely adding this one to my collection!! Great music, too!  Bravo, Sally Potter!!!
B00000IL1K|5.0|I thoroughly enjoy this CD every time I play it.  It has a soothing, new age quality that differs a bit from the more classical Time To Say Goodbye, but Sarah Brightman's voice is really impressive, as usual.  I also  appreciate her willingness to try new types of music and take risks with  her CDs.  It's terrific that this risk paid off so well.  I highly  recommend Eden.  I know you'll enjoy it.
B00000DFRS|5.0|This is by far one of the most versatile album by Whitney. The hip hop numbers show that Whitney can still stay current and dance with the kids on the streets and the slow ballads show that she still has the best voice in  music business. Teamed with a stellar of producers from Babyface, Rodney  Jenkins, Babyface, David Foster, Lauryn Hill and others this CD, Whitney  sings her heart out. Take one listen to the Diane Warren penned &quot;You  Never Stand Alone&quot; or the gorgeous Bayface track &quot;Until You Come  Back&quot; you will understand why Whitney is often called &quot;THE  VOICE.&quot;
0684874350|5.0|Just surprising, in such desparation, you find love of life and hop
6305161976|5.0|A must see DVD for the whole family
B000002KOO|5.0|Of everything Fleetwood Mac has done, this is the true jewel! Well produced and well played. Peter Green was at his peek on this album. No Jeremy Spencer songs on this one. Moody, rocking and introspective, this  album touches on so much of what we all go throgh in our lives. I first  heard it when it was new. I'm still fascinated by it  30 years later. One  of the true rock and roll classics of all times.
B000002552|1.0|I consider myself to be both a Dylan fan &amp; a fan of The Band, but I don't see what anybody loves about this ho-hum collection of churned out (it sounds as if they were just killing time or something) dirges. Even  Robbie Robertson said this stuff stinks. I agree.
B000005J56|5.0|With recent album productions of afro-cuban music such as Buenavista Social Club, Afro-Cuban All Stars, Compay Segundo, Introducing...Ruben Gonzalez, Sierra Maestra, El Son Entero, etc., new generations are having  access to the real Island's music. Throw away those &quot;salsa&quot;  albums with awkward titles and semi-naked chicks made just for sell and  fool. This is real Cuban music! By the way, give credit to the only country  in the world that has not sucummbed to the mighty neighbor. Viva Cuba  Libre!
B000000OQF|5.0|Flat out,bottom line,best cd I own without a shadow of a doubt!This cd kicks off the career of one of,if not the greatest,rock bands ever!Top three songs would have to be Paradise City,Sweet Child O Mine,and Your  Crazy!If you for some reason dont have it,GET IT!
B00000IQMT|5.0|This surprisingly original soundtrack contains almost no material from the first trilogy. Instead, Williams has come up with an entirely new musical motive (based around &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;) and used that as his  main theme, much in the same way that the popular Star Wars theme was  intertwined with the other songs on the original soundtrack. Although we  have not heard this exact material before, we can clearly recognize not  only Willams' style, but also the style of the Star Wars saga in general.  The &quot;bad guys&quot; song (Darth Maul's Theme) isn't quite as evil as  &quot;The Imperial March&quot; but it is just as majestic in its own way.  It is difficult to judge the way the soundtrack will impact the movie  before we even know the plot, so I am anxiously awaiting seeing the film on  the 19th. Again, this is an excellent soundtrack, although reading the song  titles does give away an important plot detail, so die hards who want to go  in cold may want to steer clear until the film debuts.
0374172897|5.0|For me, this was the best book of the year. Cunningham has a great sense of perception and language and uses those traits to full power in the telling of these three women. This is w beautifully written and  compulsively readable story that is worthy of the Pulitzer and everything  else it either did or should have won.
0451191153|5.0|I read The Fountainhead almost ten years ago and I must tell you that it has resonated in my thinking ever since.  While I can understand much of the indignation which other reviewers have expressed about the book, I  suggest to you that the drama (granted, perhaps melodrama is the  better-suited word) of this book coupled with the pacing and the obesession  with important ideas will really rouse within most people a great deal of  thinking.  For those of us who are not particularly religious it is very  satisfying to find something which encourages us to believe in something  greater...and with Rand that something greater is the greater part of  ourselves.  Howard Roarke is the prototype of an individual who has  unqualified confidence in &quot;the verdict of his own mind.&quot;  You do  have to accept that Roarke is an abstraction, as are most of the other  primary characters in the book.  But this approach is common with many of  the greatest books ever written.  &quot;Reality based&quot; prose is not  the measure of value for all books, although some books do shine through  simply because they so fantastically convey reality.  Rand, rather, conveys  the divine potentials of inner strength and confidence. I see that as  having been her special contribution to the 20th century; no one has more  compellingly illustrated these ideals.  Rand's &quot;ideology&quot; as I  interpret it is simply to be true to yourself and your values, don't allow  the mediocre masses to wear you down and away.  That's good advice coming  from any source. I've given this book to dozens of people and almost every  one has indicated that they felt quite revitalized by it....not just for a  short while but in an enduring, organic way. After you read this book you  may want to climb aboard Atlas Shrugged for more of the unique kind of  intellectual euphoria which Rand offers.  I would suggest that you should  wait a year or two before you do so.  Let The Fountainhead sink in.  True,  it is a&quot;love story&quot; and that is  a genre many of us avoid  because it typically is so inane, but in this case you will find that  setting so replete with ideas (encouraging ideas; confidence-inducing  ideas) that you will really grow, and grow healthy.
630027179X|5.0|THE BEST OF THE TELLINGS. POWER OF THE WORDS SPOKEN. CHEST FILLED WITH THE POUNDING OF HEAVY HOURSE, PALETABLE.TO MUCH TO NOT ENJOY.    FROM THE MOMENT WHEN ARTHER ASUMES HIS TRUE KINGSHIP, TO THE MOMENT HIS BROTHER  CALLS THE PALACE TO WAR.     IT IS AS IT ONCE WAS AGAIN. A VISUAL BEAUTY     WONDERFULL FILM WITH TWO STORYS COMBNINEING  TO MAKE ONE TRUE TALE.  NO  WONDER BRAVEHEART CAME AFTER, EXCALIBER WAS THE FATHER. PS: A NON SPELLER  LIVES HERE ANY ONE KNOWN WHERE I CAN GET THE MUSIC. recamended book: UTHER  PENDRAGON (AURTHERS DADY)
B00000IOSU|5.0|As a fan of Sarah's I am glad to see a live album. The last time I saw here her voice was so powerful and amazing I couldn't listen to the CD's anymore. Now with this album we can listen to at her best, Live!  And don't  forget Freedom Sessions. Her remakes on that album were amazing, Mirrorball  is the same.
6300218031|5.0|I think the script of this film is very straight forward. However, Mary played very good. Watts was the type of gal I adore. After watching this movie, I knew what I really wanna be. I wanna be as cool as her! Or simply  like her! She was very generous as well. She could even fix a date for  Keith. And the ending was very happy, too. Guess what. I watched this film  in 1999. But I don't think it is old-fashioned. Olddies is goodies!
B00000IQMT|5.0|I must say that this is the best soundtack to date. The songs are wonderfuly done espeacialy Duel of the Fates and Anakin's Theme those were very good. As I'm writting this I'm listening to the Phantom Mance now and  it is wonderful. The London Voices are outstanding. I've listend to it  about 4 times today and I'll probley listen to it about 4 million times  more.  John Williams is the best music composer of are time. And I can't  wait till the next soundtrack to the other Star Wars films come out.  If I  can give it ten stars I would.....
0553278223|4.0|It was hard for me to get into, but once I started reading it, I couldn't put it down. All of the small stories of life on Mars are really cool.
6303832563|5.0|I saw this film my second year of college, just a few years ago.  My professor showed it in our american studies class.  i absolutely loved it.  i really wish it would get re-released so i could add it to my collection  of fine films and enjoy it whenever i wanted to.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I have just read the movie storybook and listened to some of the music - looks like the Jedi Lightsabers will sink the Titanic at the box office from what I have seen thus far!!<br />EVERYONE:  I'm still smarting about Star  Wars losing out to Annie Hall for Oscar's Best Picture in '77:  Will The  Phantom Menace be the one for George Lucas this time?  Will John Williams  win another Oscar for this inventive score?
0375707972|2.0|When Oprah anounced this book as a book club choice, I bought it the very next day.  A few hours later I was holding the closed book in my hand trying to decide what I had just read.  I was blown away.   The book did  not touch me as much as it revolted me.  I wanted to know why?  I felt that  nothing was ever resolved.  It was an absolute pointless read.  I have  gained more insight reading a trashy Daniell Steele novel.  You can bet I  will be more causious next time I choose a book off of the book club list.
0399143904|2.0|A re-reading of Tom Clancy's initially disappointing &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; would suggest that the best-selling author needs to take a sabbatical. The plot, to use the term loosely, is reminiscent of a series  of scripts for a television series. The book is formulaic and, much as it  pains a Clancy fan who has read all his previous work, having purchased  them in hardback, the characters are wooden.
6304362498|3.0|You won't have a f++king clue what this movie is about if you did not read the book. I enjoyed this movie however (I have read the book 8 times) because of the accuracy of the visuals. The people and places in the movie  are almost exactly how I pictured them. John Hurt and Richard Burton are  excellent but again, you won't know why unless you have read the book. Did  I mention that you need to read the book before attempting to view this  movie?
0964385619|3.0|Good, solid ideas, with a refreshing definition of &quot;assets.&quot;  My only caution is that Kiyosaki's recommendation to eschew traditional investments in favor of more aggressive (i.e., speculative) investments may  hurt those just starting out.  (Granted, Kiyosaki warns readers that they  need to educate themselves first, I just wonder if readers will take it to  heart, or jump into speculative waters in their exuberance.)<br />I disagree  with assessments that this is a get-rich-quick book.  It took Kiyosaki to  age 47 before he &quot;retired,&quot; and he was working at it most of his  life.  Not exactly a get-rich-quick scheme.  But that's what I like about  the book--it's realistic.  Just apply some common sense and follow  Kiyosaki's advice to educate yourself before you risk your life's savings  on a &quot;killer deal.&quot;
0767827015|5.0|Boyz N The Hood is very powerful and dramatic.  Singleton does an excellent job with his description of a black youth's troubles.  The acting is very accurate of the times.  This is one of the best movies of the 1990s  and I highly recommend it.
B00000ILBK|4.0|I was very disappointed with Generations. I thought it was very anticlimactic. With First Contact, they did everything right. So naturally, it would be difficult to follow. I enjoyed Insurrection quite a bit. Yes,  it did seem like an overly long NG episode, but that is not necessarilly a  bad thing. I will definitely add it to my Star Trek collection.
B000002KM6|2.0|This is a mediocre album. Certainly Unchained, Mean Streets, and Sinner's Swing are exciting songs but the rest of the songs on this album are very poor by Van Halen standards. The guitar work is excellent, as always, but  most of the songs are just not good enough to keep the interest going. Only  for the hard-core Van Halen fan.
0790740443|3.0|I was surprised to see 4 stars for this movie.  Although the special effects may be ok to test out your system, the movie is just not very good.
B000002UD0|5.0|People say that Double Fantasy is Lennon's best solo album. Not so. It's Walls and Bridges. It's the only album recorded with no Yoko, both figuratively and literally. Many songs are about her, but not in the same  &quot;I'm so devoted to you, my dragon-lady mistress&quot; way familiar  from Mind Games, but in a darker, deeper way that gives us a better look at  their relationship. All of the songs are marvellous (even Steel and Glass,  most likely a savage attack on Allen Klein, is a marked improvement over  How Do You Sleep), with Nobody Loves When You're Down and Out being one of  the central achievements of Lennon in the seventies.
0060977264|5.0|I couldn't put this book down. It was great. I also have read The Alchemist which should be used in high schools as one of the required readings. It teaches us a lesson. This book is an easy read, as well as a  good read. It also teaches us a lesson about love. And that we should not  take it for granted.
0783233477|5.0|The cinematography is beautiful - I regret not seeing it in the theater.  The movie pulled me into the story from the very beginning and had me totally immersed until the ending.<br />People I know who've seen the movie  either love it or hate it.  Reviews are mixed, but they too are extremely  positive or negative.  Maybe the critics who gave it bad reviews focused  too much on the 3 hour length and didn't consider that the movie used every  minute to build the story lines.  <br />I loved the concept and the fantasy  that goes with it, but there were actually several conflicts occuring  simultaneously that needed to be worked out before the movie ended.  The  scenes were very polished with so many gestures, expressions, subtle  comments and details.  <br />Although mostly a serious drama, there was plenty  of comic relief mixed in to keep it light (mostly Joe's mannerisms and  antics).  Brad Pitt played the part of the character from the next world in  a refreshing way.  Someone who had been involved in taking many people from  life to the &quot;next place&quot;, but who had never experienced life's  beauty, or wonderful, and painful experiences.  He starts out being rather  demading and when people treat him well, he becomes extremely polite and  charming.<br />Very interesting seeing &quot;Joe&quot; not quite used to  having having a human body and experiencing so many little things for the  first time.  He enjoyed the experience yet maintained his authority when  called for (pointing out that he was ultimately in control of the  situation).  He also showed appreciation to others for things that humans  typically take for granted.  While everyone else is taking the situation so  seriously, Joe is constantly lighting up the screen with that  &quot;killer&quot; smile of his.  He is either extremely happy to be part  of life and pursuing Bill's daughter or he's just very confident knowing he  holds the cards in the game of Bill's future.  <br />One of the most beautiful  scenes was the love scene by the pool.  So much emotion and tenderness...  it felt like a first time experience.<br />For me the movie was a great way to  accept death and the death of loved ones.  It emphasized what a wonder  world it is.  If you've had passion in your life and made the most of it,  you will eventually find that letting go is not so difficult.  <br />The movie  was filled with drama, but had very positive messages and a wonderful  ending.  Many people who have seen the movie &quot;got it&quot;.  Those who  didn't like it unfortunately didn't like the message or just lost interest  in the topic.  I question why they selected this movie if they knew the  storyline.  <br />Anthony Hopkins is excellent, as usual.  It was Pitt who  surprised me -- I have not seen his films before, but now I want to check  out some more.  Still wish I had the chance to see the breathtaking  photography on the big screen!  <br />This is my favorite DVD.  I loved the  music so much I got the sound track on CD too. ---&gt; Skye
0792838084|5.0|One of the most striking and beautifully crafted movies I've seen in a long long time.  Some of the camera angles and shadow/light stuff is really cool.  The story is disturbing but realistic and I really cared for the  characters.  Lynch has superbly created a masterpiece.  I loved the balance  of slow-motion and blurred facial trails - something Lynch used in Elephant  Man and Lost Highway.  I totally bought into the surreal world of Frank and  his friends.  Unforgettable movie well worth watching a few times to catch  some of the nuances and subtle peripheral visual noises.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is everything I wanted it to be.  This soundtrack is better than A New Hope's except the tracks seem a little out of order. Oh well, but The Municipal Band track was great and the end credits combines Anakin's Theme,  Duel of the Fates and the Rebel Fanfare all in one. Very nice!  This  movie's gonna be great!
B00000DGUG|4.0|At first I was so against alanis. i thought she did nothing but scream and whine. but now, i think differently. i've heard jlp songs almost all on the radio, and i had to go out and get it. and i got 'city of angels' just for  'uninvited'. and i heard a local dj say that 'dear john' is so original  because none of the chouros is the same, as they are in most songs-i HAD to  get the cd, i have over 150 in my collection-and now i listen to one alanis  song every day. i'm hooked. why four stars? because i'm still getting used  to some of the tracks on sifc. i really respect alanis for being different  from mainstream pop artists out there...being a dj for the student station  at my college-UARK(go razorbacks!-sorry; just had to put the plug in there  for our hogs!!)-i'll give some of her unknown songs air play, since we're  authorized to play her music-my mother still doesn't understand why i love  alanis-but you just have to give her a chance. she's a beautiful artist.  one question though-why do all of the music divas-sara mclaughlin, celine  dion, alanis morrisette-come from canada? just curious. all i can say is  that canada is giving the world some supreme talent. anything by this woman  is worth giving a chance.
0375707972|2.0|What potential this book could have had!  Here is a young man walks into a courtroom and finds his lover of years past accused of crimes during WWII.  One would think this book would be gripping.  But it is not.  The  characters were shallow and simplistic.  The writing was dry.  Ultimately,  in spite of the promising story, The Reader is disappointing.
B000002C1X|5.0|The content of this masterpiece is completely inspired. Roger Waters made one of the best albums ever recorded. The music makes you feel and imagine what war is and put peace at the highest level in our minds. There is a  song for every moment that you could imagine. Listen to it and find out for  yourself.
630516603X|5.0|this video is amazing. I loved it. Michael and his group is so succesfull. I suggest to everyone his all shows.  Selen
B00000IQMT|5.0|A very good CD and a very good soundtrack. Immensly listenable, much unlike some of William's last scores (especially the understated &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot;). It reminded me strongly of William's  score for &quot;Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom,&quot; with of course  many familiar themes thrown in the mix (quite elegantly too). There is only  one bad track and that's the last one - another one of those cutsie  Ewok-type songs that just ruins the rest of the beatiful &quot;End  Credits.&quot; Don't let one track spoil it for you - the rest is  astounding!
B0000009SG|5.0|Zappa at his finest! LIsten to the jazz,rock,blues and who knows what other influences. Pay paticular attention to the drumming of Ralph Humphrey. No finer drum work can be found! If you don't have this  one,you're missing out big time!!
0790729601|5.0|I just resent the other reviews that have one star.  The movie is not bad at all.  It is all action and suspense that makes it one of Arnold's best films.  That parachute jump from an airborne jet is a thrill of a ride.   But the struggle with an alligator is a fake scene but incredible visual  effects, though.  And Vanessa Williams?  I'm glad she did not sing in the  movie coz she can act.  The theme song which was sung by her at the end  credits is great.  Playing this movie in your DVD player is just the best  way to enjoy this movie because of the great sound quality.  5 stars for  the Eraser.
B00000IQMT|5.0|The Episode 1: The Phantom Menace soundtrack can stand alone as a great CD.  It isn't just the SW hype that gets people excited about the soundtrack, it's the fascinating music that draws emotions as powerfully as  the former SW movies and their soundtracks.  John Williams does a great job  of creating new music, different from the old SW CDs, without losing the  touch that makes the Episode 1 soundtrack Star Wars.  Everyone should get  it!
B00000DHRX|2.0|George Michael's latest effort shows he is past his prime.  His latest effort Outside just sounds like another one of his hits...Too Funky? Fast Love?...I am so confused...He left out some of his best songs, Hand To  Mouth, Soul Free, and Older, and puts on B Sides like Desfinado and   Somebody to Love....boring! George you better come out with something new  and fresh soon, or its curtains honey!
6305320802|4.0|The reviews by others note the TODD-AO version which is a decided improvement on previous video incarnations.  The sound of the musical sequences in 5.1 reprocessing is vastly superior to any of Capital's  soundtrack-only versions -- better balance, more brilliant, better  definition.<br />One caveat to an otherwise wonderful DVD...the color becomes  unstable a half dozen times during the production.  This film was not  restored in the sense that My Fair Lady (for example) was and it might have  profited from that restoration.<br />All in all, however, Oklahoma is OK!!
B00000IGGA|5.0|YEAH...uhm...yeah...uhm...yeah...uhm...yeah...uhm...yeah...uhm...the best cd of the year... yeah...uhm...yeah..uhm
B000002HEP|5.0|Black Sabbath aside, the currently in-vogue &quot;stoner rock' movement was birthed here. SKY VALLEY ranks as my favorite rock album of this decade, as well as one of the finest heavy albums of all time. I can't  think of any bands that compare, let alone come close to the brilliance of  prime Black Sabbath, but Palm Desert's Kyuss managed to equal the power and  energy of those Birmingham forefathers, and yet infuse their sonic thunder  with light and rare grace. Thirty seconds into &quot;Gardenia&quot; and you  know what you're getting: a thick, bass-heavy roar that envelops your  stereo as if it were held in the palm of the gods. Guitarist Josh Homme was  only 19 when he recorded this wonderwork, and his playing melds with  bassist Scott Reeder's thunderbrush to create a whomping sound like none  other. Drummer Brant Bjork rings those cymbals in a style that has  influenced every other stoner band since (too bad he left after this  record). The high points have to be the opener, &quot;Gardenia&quot;  (groovy and heavy like you wouldn't believe); &quot;Asteroid&quot;  (psychedelic, with abrupt changes from rocky to mellow); and  &quot;Whitewater&quot; (the glorious jam that closes the album with a  watery-cool shimmer, like the desert moon after a scorching day). Wisely  divided into three &quot;sides&quot; (to avoid pesky CD shuffling), the  makers of SKY VALLEY ask that you &quot;listen without distraction&quot; on  the booklet. Those who follow these directions will be rewarded beyond  their expectations. <br />This album was ignored by all but the cognoscenti  when it first came out in 1991; now it's considered a masterpiece by such  fans as Billy Corgan and Dave Grohl (just to name two Kyuss maniacs who've  gone on record stating their devotion). Don't pass up your chance to  acquire it while it's still in print (although you won't find it at most  short-sighted record stores!). <br />This is one of those albums that can  change your life.
B00000ADG2|1.0|Hey people..those of you who feel compelled to either dis or defend this album based on comments the woman may or may not have made in an interview or concert...it has no place here.  This is to reveiw the album.  So, that  said....this was by far the worst $13 I've ever spent.  I literally threw  it on the shelf after one listen and I'm sure I'll never bother again.   Terrible, Terrible, Terrible.  The Grammy's should be ashamed of themselves  for being bullied into handing out awards to be &quot;politically  correct&quot;.  Can you say &quot;Milli Vanilli&quot;? Ugh...this album  could signal the downfall of western civilization and true art.   Bad...bad...bad.
0062502182|5.0|Since reading &quot;The Alchemist&quot; for the first time just 3 short months ago, I've taken positive steps to change my own life for the better.  By applying the lessons learned by Santiago to my own life, I've  discovered all new ways of viewing my world and those around me enjoying  that world.<br />In the last 3 months I've given this book as a gift to a  number of friends and loved ones, all of whom have raved much like I have  over it.  I highly recommend this book to anyone that needs to find  inspiration, peace, or simply to put things in perspective.  Do yourself a  favor; buy it today.
0385484518|5.0|This is a small book filled with what I believe to be great openness and an honest desire to share a very human experience.  Initially I was a bit hesitant to read this book... knowing the topic I was afraid it would be  depressing.  Instead I found the reverse to be true.  It's a simple book of  simple truths, but truths we all too often forget in the rush of our daily  lives.  It reawakened my belief in the strength and wisdom of the human  spirit, and the importance of being conscious and connected to that spirit...  a reminder many of us can use every now and again.
0792107683|5.0|\\"Shane\\", along with \\"High Noon\\", can arguably be called the best westerns ever made.  Both are that rare breed of film that never seems to age or get stale.  \\"Shane\\" is unique in that even the bad guys aren't all bad, and  have reasons for being the men they are.  If ever a 50's movie script was  played with believable characters and honest dialogue, then this is it.  If  you haven't viewed this film in a while or never have seen it (can this  be?), then do yourself a favor and rent it.  \\"Shane\\" is a solid 10 out of  10, and a movie I never tire of.
0345363132|5.0|In September of 1998 I m et Sharon Kay Penman at the annual Welsh Gamanfa Gannu in Columbus, Ohio.At the luncheon she told us all about her research process  . It was a privelege to hear her and then to purchase &quot;SUNNE  IN SPLENDOR&quot; from her while she autographed the book. After reading it  I wished I had bought all her books right then and there and had each one  of them autographed. Now I have them all and it is a Welshman's dream to  read about the history of Wales in Historical Novel form  written in such  excellent style.      Betty S. LeRoy
079073463X|3.0|I was surprised that I liked this movie because, generally, I do not care for this genre.  I think having Michelle Pfeiffer staring in it helped quite a bit.  I was also surprised to find Rutger Hauer effective in his  roll (normally he is subject to `B' material at best).  All in all, an  interesting romantic fantasy that was handled quite effectively, although  it did drag in areas and seemed to go on much too long.<br />As far as the  controversial musical score, like anything in art, it's subjective.  I  happen to be an Alan Parson Project fan (Alan engineered the music), and  Andrew Powell often plays the orchestration for the Project.  Of course I  really liked the music, but do have to admit, however, I felt some of the  music seemed out of place for this type of motion picture.  Maybe if they  would have asked Pink Floyd....<br />Between 1 and 10, I give \\"LadyHawke\\" a  solid 6 (and the somewhat misplaced musical score a 7--yeah, I liked the  music a little more than I liked the film).
0767817478|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Unless you are really bored, and all the other rentals are out, do not rent this. DO NOT BUY THIS TAPE (unless you like to torture yourself).<br />Bad plot, horrible acting,  and you have to suspend more than just your disbelief.
0060977493|4.0|This book is an endless poem of the little things in life as we experience them in the grand scheme of things.  I found myself re-reading certain lines because I was amazed at how well Roy poeticized simple things.  By  this I mean the sound of a trunk closing, the actual physical feeling of a  heart ache.  At times, I did get a bit lost and confused due to the names  and the unfamiliarity of Indian culture.  The disturbing behavior of the  characters in the book did not surprise me, instead it just reminded me how  cruel and strange people can be.  It's a different sort of read and I  recommend trying it out.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I bought the soundtrack the same day it appeared to stores and have sat spell-bound listening to it ever since. This is definitely one of John Williams's best scores yet, and although it's hard to say how well it fits  the movie before seeing the movie, it sounds excellent. Sounds a bit like  Indiana Jones at times, but otherwise it's completely fresh and original.
B000002A6T|5.0|This album is, without a doubt, some of the Billy Joel's most revealing early work.   It's incredibly creative.   What a showcase of his incredible ingenuity and musical skill!   I consider this album a  cornerstone/&quot;must have&quot;.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This music, I think, is fantastic!  I can't say which one is my favorite because it's hard to choose.  Anyways, I hope everyone enjoyed the CD as much as I did.      Sure the public is going to be hyped because the public  deserves the hype and there hasn't been a new STAR WARS MOVIE since the  very early 80's.  So, whoever wants to see the movie then see the movie.   WHOEVER don't want to see the movie then it's your loss not the publics.
B000005S27|5.0|Take That was without a doubt the BEST pop group in recent history, far superior to their successors (ie N*Sync, Backstreet Boys, Boyzone, etc). Every song on their greatest hits album is aimed not only at the legions of  girls who were their adoring fans, but also at adults and others who may be  reluctant to admit they like a &quot;boyband.&quot; It's been three years  since they announced their split, and listening to this album only serves  to remind how sorely they are missed!
0375707972|4.0|This was the most unusual book.  Such a different viewpoint for the era in time. It was disturbing but also riveting.  It gave great insight into how the main character felt about her secret.  A fast read also.  It moved and  didn't drag on with needless descriptive passages.
0136879721|5.0|I spend a moment reading a page or so from &quot;The Power of Your Subconscious Mind&quot; every morning at work. My copy of the book is tattered from re-reading.<br />The concepts are easy to understand, yet it  takes practice to make them a part of one's way of life. The book has  helped me in many ways.
630264366X|5.0|One of our favorite movies of the WWII era.  Too many young people now seem to view that time period as &quot;the good old days&quot; when everything was easy.  A great treatment of a sticky subject, showing just  how difficult life could be and often was during war times.  Hitchcock-type  suspense throughout and excellent acting from both major characters!
B000002I25|3.0|The Doors had kind of a thin sound, but it passed for arty. I always thought they could have been a great band if it weren't for Jim Morrison, who didn't have much of a singing voice. &quot;Break On Through&quot; and  &quot;Light My Fire&quot; are two of the band's best songs, and I like  their version of a Kurt Weil number. &quot;The End&quot; is a piece of  overblown crap that marked the beginning of high school students wearing  black.
0670880728|4.0|I couldn't put this book down! It was great fun to read and I highly recommend to women and men who want to understand the annoying things about being a woman!
B000002A33|5.0|I'm not going to waste your time by going through every track and how good it is, but I will tell you that when you read the critics and they tell you how great the trees are and how you're proabbly missing one of the better  bands to come along in the 80s and into the 90s, they are right. Please,  just buy this album.  It is spectacular.
B000003N7R|5.0|I was in Tower Records in London when I heard this disc being played over the PA.  I HAD to know what it was and once I found out I bought it on the spot.  Sparce arrangements, limited instrumentation, which is perfect it  leave Duke and 'Trane open to show their stuff.  Elvin Jones is perfect (as  he almost always is).  This is CD that will be enjoyed by fans of both  artists AND other who just enjoy good music.
6304712936|5.0|What an incredible film! From beginning to end director Milos Forman integrates the music of Amadeus perfectly with the story he tells. What tragic irony that Amadeus's music works so perfectly with a film that  expresses the passion and destruction of his life. The sound that the DVD  produces makes the film come to life in a in a way that video never did  before. I found 4 tiny glitches in the disc, but I would trade those  glitches any day to experience the film I just saw.
6304119046|5.0|This film is a remarkable achievement for a 26-year old Welles who had never picked up a camera before. The cinematography is gorgeous, and the plot weaves itself masterfully in a manner that is rare for something not  based on any novel. Seldomly do we see such a film that doesn't insult our  intelligence, or one that looks so cinematically beautiful.
B00000IQMT|5.0|In Japan we can access S.W.E.1 at July ! Until then I'll scratch this CD to star dust. This time some choir reminds me Indy Jones. And hope thrilling more than that !
0451191153|5.0|All up and coming city planners and urban geographers should be required to read this book, as should all who look to others to provide them with thoughts and function. This book fosters individualism,  which is why so many people hated it, and so many others find it  uncomfortable to read. It requires thought and intelligence while reading  it--most didactic novels do. If you are not scared to read Emerson and  Thoreau, you will love this novel. Join the cult of self--you are a  demigod. Do not let others corrupt your integrity.
0380973464|3.0|This is a good book. It could have been great, if someone had reminded the author that clever one-liners and facile &quot;set pieces&quot; do not a story make. I wish he had spent more time on the characters, and less on a  three page exposition about how to eat Captain Crunch cereal.
6301797906|4.0|This film version of the classic Steinbeck novel may seem a bit leaden to modern audiences, with its stylized acting. But the cinematography is well worth the price of admission.
0671015206|5.0|Great,great,great. For a related work (but not as good as this), look at Andrew Hacker's 'Money'.
B000002LCE|5.0|This is the best Dio album ever along with Holy Diver.I mean,every song on this albums is fantastic.Craig Goldy is a guitar wizard(thank God he's back again now in 1999 in the Dio line-up),a couple of fast songs,the cd starts  with an excellent fast song(Night People)and continues with hit after  hit.Highlights on the album:I could have been a dreamer,All the fools  sailed away(with an excellent keyboards solo),Naked in the rain and Sunset  superman.THIS IS A MUST FOR EVERY METAL FAN OF THE 80'S!!!And don't forget  R.J.Dio is still today the best metal vocalist around!
B000002UAX|5.0|The &quot;White&quot; Album.  During the 60's (and decades afterwards), was there ever a member of a struggling rock group (from &quot;known&quot; ones like the Raiders to totally-unknown garage bands) that didn't say:  &quot;Gee, I write the songs for my group, but how I wish I had a few  CRUMBS of the songwriting ability Lennon and McCartney have!!??  I'd be set  for life!!!...&quot;<br />A guy below puts this down... because it doesn't  sound like Metallica.<br />Duh.  The thing is, kiddies, the  &quot;definition&quot; of rock was a LOT WIDER in the 60's that it is  today: Today people seem to actually believe it ain't rock unless it's  murderous,depressing, suicidal, self-destructive, Satanic, etc.,  etc...<br />While rock CAN be used to be critical of society (exposing its  flaws and injustices), it can also be FUN.  It can also be party music, and  a celebration of life!  The record biz may be most to blame for this  moronic state of affairs, having successfully brainwashed everybody that  the only rock there is is thrash/grunge/death/devil/suicide metal... Whotta  narrow definition of rock!<br />And Metallica... what's the big deal with a  fifth-rate imitation of Black Sabbath???<br />Whereas in the 60's, (before the  businessmen put chains on it and made it a formula) rock was FREE, free as  the wide open spaces, wide as the horizon and one's imagination... rock  could be ANYTHING and be about ANYTHING, free to mix with pop, reggae,  Classical music, Broadway, jazz, experimental, country, folk... free to be  totally incestuos and produce wild new musical hybrids, which had never  before seen the light of day... That is what the &quot;White&quot; album is  about.<br />Admittedly, today's brain-damaged listeners may not be able to  &quot;get it&quot;... Today's music scene is alien to the concepts of  &quot;imagination&quot;, or &quot;cleverness&quot;, or &quot;melody&quot;,  or &quot;hooks&quot;, or &quot;structure&quot; in music... Might as well be  talkin'chinese!<br />But there's something here.  After all, why would  Leonard Bernstein, one of the greatest musical genuises of the 20th  century, profess to be an avowed Beatles fan?<br />And you can be sure that  Mr. Bernstein had millions of times more brain-cells that all the one-star  reviewer's heads smashed together.
0385493800|5.0|Having been an avid reader of all Grisham's novels, I was pleased to see that the author can still capture one's attention and hold on to it through the last sentence.  _The Testament_ seems to have much more of the  &quot;heart&quot; of John Grisham.  It was refreshing to feel connected to  the storyline which encouraged a fast reading pace.  After all these years,  Grisham still has it.  Please place my pre-order for the next one.
B00000IQMT|3.0|This soundtrack is quite a departure from the Star Wars series. I expected specific themes for each character. Unfortunately, Anakin and the film's theme were all I got. This score was treated like one part of a whole,  while the original trilogy's music was intertwined and fluid throughout the  series. There are two good tracks: &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; and  &quot;Anakin's Theme&quot;, and, while the latter is almost worth the price  of the cd, it's just not enough for a Star Wars soundtrack. The final  medley, featured in every Star Wars soundtrack, is only a compilation of  the two aforementioned themes in their entirety. If the score is this  shallow, I can't imagine how weak the movie might be.
038532653X|5.0|This lovely story carried me back to the time when imagination and wishes were rewarded with delight in finding that life has solvable mysteries. Happy endings and loving characters go hand in hand to make the story grow  and give the reader reason to believe in miracles, and mysteries.  A book  for adults and children.
6303122647|4.0|This film was excellent, it tells the story of a skeleton searching for the answer to his &quot;I want&quot; voice.  This reminds me of some of the themes in Saul Bellow's book, &quot;Henderson the Rain King.&quot;  The  animation is beautiful in one of it's most tedious art forms-- stop-motion.
0385493800|3.0|I looked through some of the reviews and it seems as though die hard  Grisham fans were a little let down by this book because it wasn't  &quot;compelling&quot; like the others. I have been a Grisham fan from the  beginning and my favorite book still stands as A Time to Kill. I have  enjoyed his other books but they all seem to follow the same formula - a  person in some sort of trouble, a twisting plot that raises the blood  pressure, and they all make out in the end and go live on some paradise  island somewhere with millions. I found The Testament refreshing because it  was different. It was a slower paced book, weaving a story and spending  more time on the passing details
B000002LK1|5.0|This is the only tape I bought in 8th grade that I don't want to hide (laff, late 80's).  I actually hardly listened to this tape except for the usual radio singles, which I already had taped off the radio in the 1st  place.  I didn't get heavily into this cd (had to replace the tape) until a  couple of years ago &amp; ahhhh, I love it.  Upbeat songs, slow songs,  dance songs...it rules.  One of the few bands I can say I've liked since  junior high, &amp; since I saw them in concer for the singles tour, they've  become 1 of my favorite bands by far, along with The Cure.  It's kind of  hard to say why you should get this cd (other than because this is a great  band) if you don't have it, unless you're looking for something not too  heavy &amp; dark.  I think Dave Gahan's voice is at its best on this album.
0060277246|5.0|I have recently revisited this favourite childhood book.  I remember when I first read it.  I raved about it to my friend and yet I was incredibly angry when she went and got her own copy because I wanted to be the only  one who had it.  Now she's about to have a baby of her own and I am about  to get the chance to redeem myself by graciously and most willingly  introducing her child to the wonder and magic of Narnia.  This book is  essential reading for all those adults who wish to rediscover and reawaken  their imagination.  And all you kids out there!  Don't be disappointed that  Narnia doesn't exist in real life, because the fact you can visit it in  your mind is enough.  Take it from me!
B0000028MA|5.0|This, along with &quot;The Crow&quot; soundtrack, is no doubt 1 of the best soundtracks of the 90's.  You can't go wrong with the best bands of the 90's on 1 cd.  Chris Cornell's track is absolutely dreamy, &amp; the  Mother Love Bone track is great too.  I can hardly say 1 bad thing about  this cd except does anyone know where on earth that Lovemongers song  appears?? I've watched that movie tons of times &amp; have never heard it.  I think they could've added the Cult track, although it didn't really fit,  but neither did the Hendrix track.  Either way, this cd rules.
0553213105|5.0|I first read this book when I was 12 and have read it every year since.  Although I have read it countless times now, I still discover something new every time.  The more I find out about the wonderful Jane Austen, the  richer my reading of this fabulous story becomes.  'Pride and Prejudice' is  romantic, witty, sad and frustrating (those who have read it will know that  I am talking about annoying little Lydia).  Mr Collins is a hoot!  Mr  Bennett is the epitome of patience, (a characteristic obviously developed  by years of coping with his wife's &quot;poor nerves&quot;.)  And Lizzie  and the arrogant Mr Darcy?  What can I say about them that fellow readers  don't already know?  For those of you who are thinking; &quot;What does she  mean?&quot;; go and buy the book and READ it!  Don't just put it on the  shelf to impress visitors.  Once you have read this, you will crave more.  If you don't, there has to be something profoundly wrong with you!  (No  offence!)
B000002NFM|4.0|Although I try to avoid buying any album listed in the top 20, I bought this cd almost by mere curiousity, only from seeing &quot;Firestarter&quot; on MTV.  I wasn't let down, luckily.  I never thought a techno/electronic  band could rock like this.  This type of mindless, driving sound is just  what else my car cd player was missing.  Definitely a cool cd to cruise  around to while going to or leaving a club, if you're the type who loves  driving with the radio cranked &amp; windows down.  Does anyone notice a  relation to &quot;Serial Thrilla&quot; &amp; Guns n Roses &quot;Paradise  City&quot;?  If you just noticed it, you're probably saying &quot;oh  yaaah...&quot; &amp; laughing.  And &quot;Climbatize&quot; has a cool  bassline, &amp; reminds me of Lords of Acid. Just about all these songs are  worth turning up.
B00000IQMT|3.0|As an avid Star Wars music fan, I was looking forward to this album;  however,  I found the absence of character themes unfortunate.  Anakin's theme is brilliant with its hint of Vader's previous star wars theme, but   I heard more interesting music in the tv-trailers than I did in the cd.  I  can only hope that the cd is an abridged version of the total score found  in the movie.  The soundtrack is good,  but my expectations were set to  high, especially when one remembers the beautiful music from the Empire  Strikes Back.
B00000DHRZ|2.0|Offspring should've stuck to their roots... I probably expect too much from this band, as they're the first rock band I EVER saw live in 1995 (I found out REALLY quick what a mosh pit was), but this does NOT even compare  to SMASH.  The singles on MTV are amusing at that, but musically it does  nothing for me. I would've given it an extra star, but since some people  are giving it 5's, I have to stick with 2.  If you want some REAL  Offspring, get SMASH.
B000000WCA|5.0|I recommnd the album &quot;Spice&quot; because all the songs are differnt. &quot;Wannabe&quot; is at times almost rap-like and then there is this really catchy melody. Songs like &quot;When 2 become 1&quot; have a really  cool melody and are really slow. &quot;Spice&quot; was the first CD I got  from the Spice Girls and I still think it is the best. I recommend it  because it gives you a good impression on the Spice Girls and you get a  feel for their different styles of music.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Don't hurt me, but I think &quot;Seventh Son&quot; is Maiden at their peak. Granted, I LIKE Number of the Beast and Powerslave more, as they are easier to get into. But Seventh Son wraps it all together, the lyrics, the  arrangements, the theme idea, and of course, the music! I hear those  critisicms from people that claim it is too soft-core and uses synths too  much,and they have a valid gripe, but I'm a guy that can just as easily go  from listening to death metal to going soft-core into Supertramp, so it  didn't bother me at all. Stand-out songs are &quot;Infinite Dreams&quot;,  &quot;Evil That Men Do&quot;, &quot;Seventh Son&quot;, and the crushing  masterpiece, &quot;Only the Good Die Young&quot;. If you're new to Maiden,  go for &quot;Number of the Beast&quot; For fans that can appreciate a more  melodic side of metal, you can't miss with &quot;Seventh Son&quot;.  UPTHEIRONS!!
B000003RCY|4.0|The christians need to leave us alone. Otherwise, I'm going to organize a picket line at the next jars of Clay concert.
B0000039QP|5.0|he is tight and good lyrcs in every song most of all 1,2, 6, 10, 13,those are the best songs
B000002L9M|5.0|This album single-handedly changed my perception of music in the 80s.  After &quot;Some Great Reward&quot; I didn't expect such a compilation of visceral and brooding songs from Gore and Gahan.  Every track emotes a  different feeling that takes the listener from wistful longing to brazen  outrage.  Without question, &quot;But Not Tonight&quot; is my favorite  track off this album.  It is arguably the perfect song to listen to when  one is feeling melancholic and driving alone at two o'clock in the morning.
0684867621|5.0|As an avid Stephen King fan, I love his gory, terrifying, edge of your seat works; but I have also found that King can take everyday things and make them scary too.  I was with Trisha every step of the way in this  novel.  Reading is imagination and who could help imagining themselves as a  nine year old lost in the woods -how would you handle it?  No vampires or  aliens in this one; just a simple story of everyday scary life that kept me  on the edge of my seat.
B000000WZ4|5.0|After an album that was decidedly different from their usual faire, Depeche Mode is back in form on &quot;Ultra.&quot;  The familiar electronic ambience and somber overtones return, but they are tempered by lighter  lyrics and themes. I purchased this album in 1997, but only recently have I  discovered its complexity.  &quot;The Love Thieves&quot; undoubtably is the  apex of &quot;Ultra&quot; and shows just how masterful D-Mode have become  at their craft.  On occasion, I have put this song on &quot;repeat&quot;  and listened to it for hours on end.  I've been a fan of the band since  1985, and have watched their progress through the years.  It's good to see  they're still together (for the most part) making wonderful music.
B000005Z0E|4.0|2pac's 1st ever, 2pacalypse now, is definatley not his best, but is still great.  If you're looking for 2Pac, get Greatest Hits or All Eyez On Me.  If you can't afford a double cd get Strictly 4 My Niggaz or Makaveli (a.k.a  Don Kiluminati 7-Day Theory).  This is pretty much his work with the cold,  hard beat, and doesn't have any diversion type beats like Keep Ya Head Up.   Good songs are VIOLENT, and TRAPPED.
6304211740|2.0|This film version of my favorite novel is excruciatingly disappointing.  Hurt (a gifted actor) tries his best as Mr. Rochester but is undermined by the flat screenplay, as is Gainsborough, who is a credible-looking yet  oddly passionless Jane.  The screenplay has misguidedly stripped away  nearly all of the curcial scenes and dialogue between Jane and Rochester  that in the novel is so essential for character development and  relationship-building, and consequently their relationship feels  superficial and passionless, and ultimately uninteresting.  Equally oddly,  the film lacks visually the unique blend of gothic and Romantic atmospheres  that the novel so palpably creates, and which lends essential suspense to  the story.  And the soundtrack, while pretty, does nothing to build  suspense or engage emotion and therefore seems misplaced.  My only praise  is that Mrs. Fairfax is splended: Joan Plowright gives a compelling  performance and truly brings the character to life. Again, a tremendous  disappointment.
6305078564|5.0|I was very happy to find this series on DVD because I won't have to buy another copy of it on tape. I had practically watched a hole in two VHS copies. The acting is superb -- Colin Firth gives me goosebumps. One of the  best period pieces ever.
0440539811|5.0|Usually a damn funny story, sometimes tedious.  I would have rated it a bit lower but for one thing.  It really has changed how I view the world and taught me to reason for myself.  When I read Nato press releases about  Bosnia the Fnords are everywhere.
0920668372|4.0|I was a nanny and this book was a favorite with the kids.  Not because they enjoyed the story, although, they did, but because it made me cry.  I would really choke up at the end and couldn't finish some of the sentences  and they thought that was pretty funny.  I love this story and I love the  sentiment in it.  I hope you enjoy it, too.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Can't wait for this! I heard What's My Name Again, it rules. The return of Blink 182! Hurry it up! Look for B182 on the Warped Tour!
B00000IQMT|5.0|I've been enthralled with Star Wars for most of my life.  At the age of 22, it seems hard to believe that a film released when I was barely a year old has held such an incredible fascination for me.  The key elements of a  story worthy of legendary status are once again realized and appreciated by  John Williams in the Phantom Menace soundtrack.  The music is almost  entirely new, but not without a few brief tastes of his previous Star Wars  works.  Duel of the Fates sets the tone early for the rest of tracks, with  a reoccurring theme that gives new identity to a familiar tale.  Anakin's  Theme has a beautiful, familiar melody that concludes with a haunting quote  of the Imperial March.  New characters and locations are christened with  Willams melody, and their emotions are woven into quick furies of sound as  well as soft, slow themes.  Throughout the music, Willams gives this new  story his characteristic enthusiasm, which only intensifies anticipation  for the scenes that these songs will accompany.  The often unrealized and  unappreciated element of music in film is once again mastered by Williams,  a man who obvioiusly knows how to help a story become a legend.
B000002WYT|5.0|So music fan from Seattle, is it the rain that has clogged up your eardrums, or are will you just be stuck in the grunge phase forever?  i'm sure that you don't like to hear those stereotypes, and i don't like to  hear the ones about dave.  i've been  a fan since high school, and i'm in  college, and yeah, i know a lot of people that listen to DMB's music.  and  it's no surprise that people listen to it cause it's fun and to no shock,  the music quality is amazing.  i'd like you to sit down and try to play  &quot;lie in our graves&quot; on your guitar or &quot;drive in, drive  out&quot; on a drumset.  this cd is by far my favorite of their studio  releases, and my kids better get used to hearing about the great times that  i got to listen to the new king of rock jam in concert.
B0000025SB|5.0|This is my favorite Pink Floyd album and it is unfortunate that it is so often overlooked. Yes, it is very different from their other works. Yes, it is a very dark/brooding/cynical album.  However, at the same time it  possesses the most powerful and eloquent lyrics of any album known to me. A  poetic masterpiece. The music and production values are also excellent as  they effectively accent the verbal images without overshadowing them. As  mentioned below, if you want long complex musical jams (which I also like)  look elsewhere.  If you want to hear an involving, thoughtful album that  stands on its own merit, give it a listen.
B000002J1S|5.0|This concept album tells a disturbing, fascinating tale which ends as it begins leaving you in a state of abeyance. There are a variety of different sounds; from definitive 70's prog rock to melodious haunting songs. It  could probably be put under the umbrella &quot;prog rock&quot; but has  heavy psychedelic overtones. Good use of piano, that is seriously lacking  in today's rock music. My favourite tracks are &quot;Anyway&quot; and  &quot;It&quot;. I first listened to this album in 1980 - it blew my socks  off then and it is still my favourite album of all time. It is quite  possible that it could be re-discovered by youngsters of today, who are  getting into the British retro scene, and enjoy bands like Kula Shaker,  Supergrass and Mansun.
B000003S0K|5.0|Eno's solo debut album is probably not for everyone, but its mixture of pop, rock, and strangeness has a certain appeal. Very daring for a debut album, with rhythms, sounds, singing and humor you won't find anywhere  else. On first listen, you'll think, &quot;I've never heard anything like  this, and it's too strange for me.&quot; By the third or fourth listen,  you'll think, &quot;I've never heard anything like this, and I like  it.&quot;
0964385619|1.0|Don't buy this book.  It says nothing, except you need the authors help.  He wants you to spend money on education (that he sells).  He made his money in Arizona real estate in the mid 80's (that boom is over). Now he's  on to the 90's boom, of selling ideas (of prosperity).  He also has a $200  board game for sale. The order form is at the back of the book.  He says  he's 'retired'.  So, writing books and board games, having training  seminars is 'retired'?.  Give me a break!! He's not retired.  He acts like  he's doing us a favor, selling us his ideas. Be afraid, be very  afraid.<br />If you want to understand the ways of the wealthy, read 'The  Millionaire Next Door'.  That's a 10 year study of American businesses and  workers.  'Rich Dad, Poor Dad' is the same stuff as Wade Cook.
B0000026WD|5.0|Dangerous is Michael's best album to date.  This album has a variety of different kinds of songs for people to enjoy.  It starts off with Jam which in my opinion is one of Michael's best songs ever.  This is the biggest  selling album of 1993 2 years after the albums release.  In my opinion  Dangerous is the best album I have ever heard.  Michael Jackson has his own  style of music it does not go into any category and this album proves it.   He is original and creative and he is an artist that always brings us the  fans the best in entertainment.  I believe that Michael is the most  talented and truly the most innocent and caring person in the world.   Please don't believe the tabloids or the papparazzi when they say something  crazy about Michael because as Michael said in the song Tabloid Junkee from  the HIStory album &quot;Just because you read in a magazine, you see it on  a TV screen don't make it factual, actual they said he's homosexual&quot;
B000002C1W|5.0|Ok, first of all let me say that this was my first Pink Floyd album, so I may be a bit jaded.  However, I want to add my 2 cents on the Pink Floyd with Roger Waters vs. w/o Roger.  First, ask yourself this: What two Pink  Floyd albums are alike?  My answer is NONE!  Each is different and unique  and should be viewed separately without comparison to other albums.<br />Now  then, let's look at Momentary Lapse.  Learning to Fly is a great song,  though a bit over played on the radio.  Dogs of War has been voted among  Pink Floyd fans as the worst Pink Floyd song.  Well, it's one of my  favorites, so phtphtpthpthp to the rest of you.  I like it for the lyrics  and the sax solo.  On the Turning Away is battling with Wish You Were Here  as my all time favorite Pink Floyd song.  The absolutely beautiful attitude  calms even the most savage beast.<br />My main point is, yes it's different.   But that doesn't mean it's bad.  Perhaps not as good as other albums but  definately worthy of at least 4 stars.  (I gave it 5 for nostalgia  purposes.)  If you are unable to view an album by itself, I pity you  because you are missing a great album!
B000002VMD|5.0|This is THE BEST soundtrack of all time. All of Whitney's tracks on the soundtrack are worth the price of the CD. &quot;I Will Always Love You&quot; is the most touching love song ever. Added to this bliss is the  emotional &quot;I Have Nothing.&quot; But my personal favourite is  &quot;Run To You&quot; this gorgeous ballad finds the Diva in top form  vocally. She is the perfect example of how to sing and sing well!  &quot;Queen of the Night&quot; and &quot;I'm Every Woman&quot; show that  Whitney can not only sing but really come alive with dance tunes. This is  one of the MUST HAVE CDs. If you appreciate great voice, gorgeous heart  rendering songs and a beautiful diva no other CD can top this soundtrack!
0783233477|5.0|This movie was excellent. It really had a great plot to it. Death was a interesting characer,  and the image of him as a human made the movie stand out from others. Overall I would recommend this movie as a great family  movie.
0312853238|5.0|It's one of the best SF books of all time. It won both the Hugo and Nebula awards (as did it's sequel, Speaker for the Dead, the next year.) I have recommended this book to everyone I know, and nobody who has read it has  given in a bad review. Even those people who do not, in general, enjoy SF  books. This book is a must read.
B000002LMK|5.0|This album is hard to listen to in one sitting, but it works really well in doses. The whole thing is one firey explosion of noise. Neil is absolutely on fire here. This is my second favorite NY album after  Tonight's the Night.
B000001G6W|5.0|I have listened to a number of different versions of Beethoven's symphony No. 9 for maybe hundreds of times. This version, by Karajan, Tomowa-Sintow, Agnes Baltsa, et al., is the best.
B0000039PW|5.0|This album has great lyrics and great production.  &quot;Machine Gun Funk,&quot; &quot;Unbelievable,&quot; &quot;Everyday Struggle,&quot; will have heads bouncing.  These fools who insult this record are hatin'  big-time.   I agree with Smith:  '94 was the greatest year in hip-hop  history.  But I'd also mention Gang Starr's &quot;Hard to Earn,&quot;  Common Sense's &quot;Resurrection,&quot; Redman's &quot;Dare Iz A  Darkside,&quot; Jeru's &quot;The Sun Rises in the East,&quot; and so on.
0316921173|5.0|A thoroughly entertaining book.  Intelligent readers will appreciate the author's showboating, while others will simply find it distracting.  An ambitious book that attempts to bring together wildly disparate themes,  motifs, and plotlines; some work better than others, but most readers will  find themselves savoring a favorite section of _Infinite Jest_ long after  other entertainments are forgotten.
0375707972|4.0|An unusually poignant rendering of a country coming to terms with its past through the machinations of an intense sexual relationship. I felt that this novel sensitively approached the idea of 'masking' the  responsibilities and inherent guilt, which are nowadays associated with  those who played a part in The Holocaust. Post 'Schindlers List', it has  become perhaps acceptable to view this terrible passage in history with a  quiet ,reflective dignity. And yet, this novel manages the remarkable feat  of personalising a sense of incomprehension and genuine grief through, of  all things, a bizarre adolescent 'rite of passage' and, in so doing,  conveys a powerful sense of helplessness and misery. This book is a  valuable and necessary addition to the canon of modern Holocaust-related  'fiction', and, as such, demands to be read.
B000002OX5|4.0|I own the original domestic version, on Decca label, a German import of the British release, and the enhanced CD with the bonus tracks.  The sound on the original was a bit too murky - there is a noticeable difference on  the import; and the first time I heard the CD I almost drove off the road,  I was so excited. I love the music - the quirky, sometimes profound, lots  of time silly, lyrics kept me guessing for years what was really being  sung.  If &quot;I Can See for Miles&quot; was the only thing in the entire  Who catalog their careers would still have meaning.  Basically, this album  is a blueprint for Tommy with motifs, thematic quotations, and chord  progression that would resurface later on.  Heck, &quot;Real&quot; is  directly rewritten as &quot;Amazing Journey/Undertune&quot; complete with  looping bass and Indian influence guitar rhythms. For me, there has always  been an air of goofy mystery about this album; almost every listen brings  another question.  On the original there is a shotgun blast of an edit in  the first stanza, eliminating several lines, that is so painfully obvious  when it was reinstated on the other albums I was not surprised even though  I never knew for sure something was missing.  Also, again on the original,  at the end of the album when the needle passes into the wide grooves just  before it returns to its queue stand you hear a scratchy message broadcast  that sounds something like &quot;check the boat...check the boat...&quot; -  what does it mean?  Capt. Walker, is that you???  It does not appear on the  newer issues but there is a similar &quot;coded&quot; message after the  &quot;Reals&quot; on the boxed set.  Pete - stop messing with our heads!
B00000GBHA|4.0|I have not heard this CD for a very long time, and tried for a long time to get hold of it, which I eventually did. A lot of people have never heard of Rodriquez and do not appreciate his music, but I think you have had to  have grown up with it, but it is very easy to get into. The only bad thing  I can say that the quality/sound of this CD is very very poor, I have  played it on various systems, and it just doesn't have a great sound, but  Rodriques you are great!
B000002MU3|3.0|nothing so dumb as trying to be hip<br />low point on the chart--dullest radar blip<br />ultra-forgettable, like president ford:<br />these uninspired rockstars sound tired and bored.
B000002LAB|5.0|This was the first Miles Davis album I bought and indeed it was the first jazz album I ever bought. This just opened up whole new horizons for me. Superb.
B000001E29|5.0|if you like mold, you'll love this album.  listening to it is like stumbling upon a lawn of plump, ripe mushrooms.  go ahead, pop a few: you'll find that some are merely damn tasty, while others (the more  oddly-shaped ones, generally) will make you feel like you've bought a  ticket to the beat hobo's carnival in heaven--which, of course, you  have....
B000002JB3|2.0|This record really shows that Phil Collins has lost his sense for true rock music as on 'But Seriously'...I think that he should rejoin Genesis as a drummer or co-singer with Ray Wilson...Calling all Stations is at least  10 times better than this boring Phil Collins soft pop album...What are the  tracks 2,5 and 7 standing for...soft radio pop
B000005Z0E|5.0|The first solo after leaving the digital underground and certainly made his name known that he was fo real and not a fake, a real thug! The overall lyrics of the cd id banging, he talks about being oppresed, how it is to be  black. The song i consider most is words of wisdom
0374172897|4.0|I held off on &quot;The Hours&quot; for some time despite it's initial warm reception because I could see how easily it could be one of those books that everyone else loves, but that might seem a little too precious  for my taste.  This book might out-Woolff Woolff, with a mimeographic  slavishness to the source and its style; it might stray so far from her  that the connection would seem overblown, a mere literary conceit for its  own sake.  The frequent focus on the sufferings of the gay characters might  turn it into gay polemnic.<br />As it turns out, both my faith and distrust  were mis-laid.  Cunningham does a masterful job of avoiding all these  potneital pitfalls.  He also immediately drew me into the story: the first  thirty pages or so of this book contain some of the most marvellous writing  I've ever encountered.  I was quite literally ooh-ing and ahh-ing and  chukling out loud at its economy and power.  I doubt that anyone could have  sustained that quality for much longer, yet there is  a slight  disappointment at the drop-off.  By cutting between stories, Cunningham has  found a smartly flexible strategy of &quot;triangulating&quot; Woolf,  through his more modern heroines (these novellas may actually be stronger  for their interrupting of each other), but most readers will still benefit  from a quick review of &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;--the first several pages,  at least--to appreciate the ways that Cunningham approaches and avoids his  source material.  As for my concern that this would be a &quot;gay&quot;  novel--yes, whatever that means--Cunningham invites a response much like  the one I have to Toni Morrison's characters, who are first and foremost  strong and interesting people who can reach across demographic boundaries  through their sheer humanity.<br />So: despite avoiding these potentially  lethal pitfalls--in fact turning them into strengths--Cunningham makes one  major mis-step:  one of the three stroies, while constructed of well  written sentences and some keen observations, never quite gets off the  ground for me--it seems to stop rather than to end, and leaves the whole  book coming up a bit short (for me anyway).  Cunningham after all, does  seem to be working with miniatures here, and we may rightfully expect a  higher degree of polish here than we would in a big baggy novel.  It just  seemed odd to me that he did some of the very difficult things terribly  well and then stumbled with what should have been the simpler task of plot  construction--as if a trapeze artist gave a stunning performance and then  immediately walked into a telephone pole.<br />I don't want to turn-off  potential readers--this is a book I'll likely read again--so much as offer  a perspective that's neither the one-star dismissal or the five-star  salivation.  And those first thirty (27?) pages were truly one of the  highlights of my reading life.
B000002KDG|5.0|This album sums up what is happening now we have year2k upon us,kings are gone but not forgotten,good shooting kid!    Wake up and smell the coffee!   &quot;long may you run&quot; ,and keep listening to &quot;You are like a  hurricane&quot; if you live in americas mid-west.  see you all at finsbury  park if neil plays there again ,all the best parsley
6304240562|5.0|Having shopped in the actual mall many times and having a friend who played one of the zombie extras obviously colors my opinion somewhat.  However, Romero's commentary on consumerism, campy humor, and love of gore  make this one of the best movies of the genre.  The humor interspersed with  the horror provides the same sort of comic relief that Shakespeare would  introduce into his most dramatic offerings...DOTD, a classic!
B000002GQG|3.0|It is unconscionable to omit the Yantra design from inside this album.  I can't begin to describe my disappointment.  The music is all here and still delightful, but it is an absolute travesty to omit the central visual image  of this work of art.  The Yantra is a gate that allows the viewer to  elevate consciousness to a more serene, yet energetic state.  It was not  originally included because it looked &quot;neat&quot;.  This release  definitely looses some of its impact without it.
B000002P74|5.0|Needle and a spoon is the best F$#%ing song ever made and Ronnie VanZant is the cooooolest!!!!!!!!!!!!!   To all you southern rebels  LIVE ON MAN !!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000IQMT|5.0|What can you say about John Williams that hasn't already been said? He's widely regarded as the best composer of his time and once again he lives up to that repuation. Thankfully, almost all the music is new here. You'll  here tidbits of the Force Theme and a few others and the openning is still  the same, but everything else is changed. The most impressive addition to  this soundtrack is the use of the chorus. In Return of the Jedi, the chorus  was used in a scene on board the Death Star where Luke begins to  ferociously attack Vader and it created one of the most memorable scenes  from Star Wars. So based upon that success, Williams has added choir use to  several more songs. Most notable is the amazing &quot;Duel of the  Fates.&quot; Possibly the most impressive title though is &quot;Anakin's  Theme,&quot; which hides the Imperial March theme in the background while a  light and happy melody is played, until the very end as the rest of the  orchestra becomes silent and the ominous theme of Darth Vader makes itself  known, reminding us of the fate of young Anakin.
B000002L61|5.0|Dio seems to have taken on a whole new personna on this cd, I'ts almost as if some dramatic moment in his life has changed him on a permanent basis, you see Amazon.commers, Dio's once semi dramatic musical overtone has now  turned into a more magical and mystical powerhouse of pure heavy metal  heaven and evil. Last in Line magnafies this effect by about 10-20  times.Yes it's true this minnie rocker has finally taken America and I'ts  large and small rockers by storm.
6301016289|5.0|This movie is a classic! Anyone who has an entrepreneurial bone in their body must see this movie. It has a wealth of ideas and facts about how successful individuals on Wall Street succeeded before America started to  censor their actions. While I do not condone the actions of the story, I  applaud the fact that the characters found loopholes in the systems and  capitalized on it. As the character Gordon Gecko stated, \\"Information is  the most valuable commodity\\" and this is still true today. Don't miss this  movie! And let us lobby for its release on DVD! I keep wearing out my  copies of VHS!
B000002BUY|1.0|I saw them open for Black Sabbath at the Horizon, and I must say, that they really blow.  So who died and gave these guys instruments?
0375707972|1.0|GAWD WHAT A SLEEPER!!  I found myself scanning through in the middle of the book just to get to the end!  And why the heck didn't he say anything about her being illiterate!!??  Uh...i don't get it...
0064400557|5.0|After eleven years of teaching, reading Charlotte's Web to my first graders is the highlight of the spring months for me.   We finished the last chapter today and inevitably, tears came easily for many of my kids  and myself.  The rich language allows for vivid visual images and by the  end of the story, we all felt as though we, too, became friends with  Charlotte and all of the barnyard animals.  A true story of friendship and  love, Charlotte's Web is a book I enjoy reading aloud year after year.   It's a true classic!
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock Has came Along way and i feel it is his time to shine His style is great and his lyrics are also great Hes getting the reconigtion he deserves and i wish all the luck to him i Really like This cd and recomend  to anyone who likes his hardcore style buy this cd Thank you
6305428220|5.0|In line with the latest string of teen/horror films, Faculty works where Scream 2 failed.  The plot wasn't exactly inspired, but what it lacked in origionality, it made up for in intensity.  Easily one of the best titles  of the genre.  A must see.
B000002GEY|5.0|Unlike their masterpiece (Crime of the Century) Breakfast in America is a jumbled mischmasch of songs that, each in their own way, present greatness. However, this format annoys me so much that I listen to Crisis? What  Crisis? more than this disappointment.<br />I cannot deny, however, that this  album does offer a wonderful assortment of catchy pop tunes and beautiful  orchestral arrangements. One could compare this to Billy Joel's Stranger,  an album that does the same jumbled thing. That album, however was less of  a disappointment.<br />My favorite tracks on this are Gone Hollywood, Goodbye  Stranger, Breakfast in America, Take the Long Way Home, Lord is it Mine,  and Child of Vision.<br />The Logical Song would be on this list, but I've  heard it so much before it ran out of juice, in my opinion.<br />Most fans  will love this, but I as a die hard fan of the golden years of Supertramp  (1974-85) say stick with &quot;Crime&quot;.
0375707972|4.0|What an interesting and thought-provoking novel.  I have never read a book quite like this one, one that deals with the Holocaust, Jews or concentration camps.  I have to admit I am pretty ignorant about the topic,  so I had a hard time understanding the trial.  Aside from that, I was moved  by the story and how it developed and ultimately how it ended.  Very quick  read, so even if it isn't your kind of book, stick with it because it takes  so little time to finish.  And, as in my case, you may even end up liking  it.
B000002GD8|5.0|This is a great assortment of catchy pop tunes, jazzy piano and guitar riffs, and original melodies sure to please. It takes some time to grow on you, but it's definitely worth it. Caught between the Light (Breakfast) and  dark (Crime) albums, this surrealistic masterpiece gets my vote and  deserves yours, too.
6304025831|5.0|This motion picture is, in my opinion, actually a trilogy.  The first part deals with the seedy underworld of Las Vegas, of gambling and its aftermath, its dark corners and tricks of its trade.  Almost like a  documentary.  Then it becomes a domestic drama about a couple trying to  deal with two totally opposing and dangerous lifestyles.  He (the DeNiro  character) is a man who's trying to run a casino but has vast mafia ties  which threatens his credibility as a legit businessman; his wife (Sharon  Stone) wants to remain devoted, enjoying some domestic bliss and a  materialistic lifestyle, but is firmly rooted in an ill-fated love-affair  with a money-guzzling pimp (James Woods).  All of this is complicated by  the third portion of this film involving a gangster friend (Joe Pesci) who  is not only brutal and murderous, but is giving the local mob a bad name  with his mindless crime rampage.  This film is not for the  fainthearted--but gangster films should not be. One of the many lessons I  learned from this is ... Never cheat on blackjack at a mafia-run casino!
6304813759|5.0|This comedy is really great. Funny story, superb characters and lots of British humor.  I could watch it over and over again.
B0000025D0|5.0|Being a Bruce junkie it is almost impossible to pick his best record,but this one is definitely on the list.If &quot;Because the Night&quot;and &quot;Fire&quot; had been included it may have topped Born To Run as his  greatest.But I still highly recommend this record.It is Bruce at his  darkest.A very powerful piece of work.
B000002GB6|5.0|The &quot;Feels So Good&quot; song by chuck m. is the bomb, every time i hear it i want to pull the car over and do the white-man bump and grind, boo-ya...
0060922583|3.0|When I originally purchased and began to read Talbot's presentation, I was intrigued by the way he proposed to explain some of the mysterious or unexplained phenomena of the past and present through an honest inquiry. He  applied a blend of both scientific theory and speculations from traditional  mysticism to the table. He includes discussions of some of the stranger  aspects of quantum physics that have challenged modern physicists with  their counter-intuitiveness and introduces the concept of the HOLOGRAPH as  a possible model of reality. Yet he feels the need to combine these points  with paranormal or &quot;supernatural&quot; mysteries from the past, as  well as his own experiences. In the end, however, he clearly veers towards  his own assumptions and uncritically accepts much of the dubious  superstitions and supernatural claims of less enlightened historical times.  He does not actually present any real evidence for his argument or  hypothesis, but descends into personal anecdotes (i.e. unverified claims)  about his own bizzare &quot;experiences&quot;(hallucinations?). The book is  interesting up to a point, but quickly degenerates into yet another  &quot;New Age&quot; attempt to elevate magical-spiritual-supernatural  nonsense to the level of legitimate and testable science. Very unfortunate  indeed.
0671027344|5.0|this book was great...plain and simple...and teens who don't like it need to turn off the WB...later!
6302468027|5.0|Some films get the harmless distinction of being called &quot;Chick-Flicks.&quot;  This is nothing to be ashamed of.  I am a male who loves watching films about women because I not only learn something but  I get trawled away from the male-oriented films that are so stereotyped and  predictable.  If I could take a movie to a deserted island, I would choose  &quot;Fried Green Tomatoes&quot; over just about anything.  It  magnificently tells a multi-layered, multi-demensional story of two very  beautiful women.  The first is a character played by Kathy Bates.  Her name  is Evelyn and her inner beauty (she's sensitive and sweet) is enshrouded by  her exterior, which is, to say the least, a cause for self-ridicule.  She's  not really fat--but chunky, not unattractive--just average; and this is  killing her.  When all hope gets lost she meets another beautiful woman--an  octogenerian named Ninny.  Ninny's beauty comes from her glowing vitality  and her undiminished love for life.  As this story unfolds we are  introduced to two other women--Idgy and Ruth who were close friends and  lived during the Depression.  Yes, they too have their own inner and outer  beauty and, in a way, foreshadow their modern day counterparts Ninny and  Evelyn.<br />This movie will make you laugh, cry, cringe in anger and leap for  joy.  It brings out all these emotions without being overly sappy (okay,  there is some appropriate sappiness) and without being preachy.  They even  throw in a murder mystery.  One of my favorite characters is the old  drifter named &quot;Smokey-Lonesome.&quot;  His love for Ruth is so pure  (and he's such a gentleman) that he never tells her.  For those of us who  have only loved someone from a distance this film warms the heart.  I loved  every second of it.
0684867621|5.0|You gotta love Stephen King. He has once again shown that he can not be put into just one box. This is a wonderful and warm story of courage and faith under trying circumstances. I loved this book, and it really leaves  you with a warm fuzzy feeling. A departure from his usual, but still a five  star effort.
1567402275|1.0|This book isn't worth spending time writing a long review.  I was looking forward to a book set in one of my favourite parts of the world, but anyone who has travelled in SE Asia can see the flaws in the story, descriptions  and settings straight away.  All I can assume is that the reviewers have  never themselves been to Thailand or anywhere remotely like it, and just  accepted all the romantic and inaccurate drivel without question.  It is so  naive I found myself laughing many times.
B00000AFGM|5.0|It felt like bugs were crawling all over me while I listened to this CD, it gave me an exhilarating feeling.  Rock is IN.
B000002HRE|1.0|After finally listening to this whiny nonsense, I have four words for you---THANK GOD FOR PANTERA.  Metallica should change their name if they are going to continue on this path.
B0000028M7|5.0|Forget Nirvana!!  This record is THE record of the decade! The music itself is pure, but singer Layne Staley's lyrics about his eternal struggle to his various addictions should've grabbed the attention of critics and  fans, instead of the depression and whining that Kurt Cobain put into his  music.  A MUST listen!!
B00000DHRZ|1.0|this cd sux.i got this cd the first day i got it man was i dissapointed.i mean theirs 2 good tracks no brakes and the kids arnet alright.but the rest......dont buy it every time i turn on the radio their music is on i  just want to ......ugggg
6305399212|5.0|I've been waiting for this edition to be released for along time. Please Tell me there is a Wide Screen Version.
0486282147|5.0|An extremely good mystery, with all the effects that put you right in the action with Dr. Watson.  Enough to get you into and interested in other Holmes mysteries.
B000002B2X|5.0|You think this band is only capable of hard, slammin' tunes?  Think, again!  THIS ep should have been the REAL breakout record for Alice instead of Jar of Flies! Try to remove this from your cd player!!!!
6302054982|5.0|This is a movie that everyone has to have in their  collection.  One of the best movies ever!
0783226837|4.0|A 90's edition of a cheezy 50's creature feature; and it's actually good.  Who'd a thunk it?
B00000IQMT|5.0|This CD was not like the other Star Wars CD's that I have listened to. It seems more modern. I especially like the Deul of the Fates, it sounds very mystrious... Well Thats all I have to say
0684867621|5.0|This is a &quot;can't put down&quot; book...the story grips you from the first &amp; won't let go. The suspense of what would happen next, and the very human nature of survival was so real. Didn't want to see the story  end. One of King's best!
0684867621|5.0|I read all of Stephen King's books, and this book captivated me the way &quot;The Stand&quot; did.  My father used to take us camping in New England when we were kids, so I can really relate to this amazing 9 yr old  girl who loses her way on the Adirondack Trail in Maine, even an adult's  biggest fear. The way he delves into her mind &amp; imagination as she  struggles to survive her ordeal is truely amazing.  This has none of the  gore, but all of the intensity of his other books - a must read!
B000001FTQ|5.0|and that reason is that the live version of &quot;Bad&quot; is easily the best song ever recorded live or in studio by U2.  Forget &quot;One&quot;, forget &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;.  They all pale in comparison to  the beauty, power and perfection of their ultimate masterpiece,  &quot;Bad&quot; live.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Whilst Dark Side of the Moon, Wish You Were Here and The Wall get all the critical acclaim, it is Animals that stands out as the Floyd's finest moment. From Roger Waters' dark, depressing, intensely personal lyrics to  the brilliance of the musicianship throughout, this is a sweeping tour de  force. One of the truly great rock albums of all time.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Bitter disappointment are the only words I can use to describe my reaction to this CD.  Whilst I don't expect Alanis to carry on writing in exactly the same style as her first album, this music is written in a desparate  attempt to be different.  Her music makes no sense!!  A few good songs like  &quot;That I would be good&quot; &quot;buy the book&quot; just highlight  how poor this album is!
B00000IGGA|4.0|Well, if you're the kind of person who listens to Tom Waits just to cultivate that &quot;I'm the kind of guy who listens to Tom Waits&quot; image, you will probably be disapointed with this album.  You know who you  are.  High schoolers who get off on doing things that the other kids think  are &quot;Wierd.&quot;  I used to be one of you.  Then I grew up.    Why  will you be disapointed?  Here Waits pulls away from that precarious cliff  of sheer musical madness that he flirted with (oh-so delightfully, IMHO) on  Black Rider and Bone Machine, keeping the best elements of those  experiments while reintroducing some more of the traditional elements of  his earlier work.  Not that I'd ever call Mr. Tom traditional.  No, sir!      In all, this album isn't his best, but it isn't his worst.  It's like a  mellower version of Bone Machine, and, if you're a fan of the actual  _music_, and not just the image, you'll probably dig it.  I do.
0375707972|2.0|The first few pages of the booked grabbed my attention, but the rest seemed too distant from the beginning part of the book.  This is not a story about friendship at all.  A friendship is when two people benefit  from the relationship.  The fact that the child is 15 and she is much  older, has nothing to do with my rating. Though I morally have a problem  with it, the fact that the &quot;love&quot; he felt for her seems to have  driven the path of his life bothers me even more. The story  isn't very  believable.  We all remember our first loves, but we do manage to move one.  Hanna's character is more believable than Michael's, but it's almost like  the book should have been about her past, with which she is obsessed, not  about Michael's obsession.  I was rather dissappointed in Oprah's pick.       Robin, Worcester
B000000W5N|5.0|When I was attending college at UNC-CH in the early 1980's, there were three songs which we inevitably wanted to hear before the party was over: &quot;Can't 'cha hear me knockin'&quot;, &quot;LA Woman&quot;, and  &quot;Riders on the storm&quot;.  It seemed we'd listen to Sticky Fingers  nearly every day and night.  Those were some emotional tunes.  I'm now a  fan of Mozart, Beethoven, Haydn, et cetera.  I still take a break and play  my favorite Stones.
6302914191|5.0|&quot;Twin Peaks&quot; was truly ahead of its time.  In the years since its run, we have seen series such as &quot;The X-Files&quot; try to imitate its quirkiness.  Yet, this is the original article...a testament to the  BEST televsion has ever had to offer: suspense, humor, horror, murder,  mayhem, and secrets.
B00000ICD9|4.0|What Dreams May Come is one of those films that you'll either love or hate.  Anyone expecting a comedy from Robin Williams will be disappointed.  Robin Williams, I feel, gives his best performances in roles that are not  in the comedy genre such as in Good Will Hunting.  Again he brings a  commanding performance and this holds the film together. This is a film  filled with emotion and the visuals of the film depict this.  The overall  feel of the film makes you want to slit your throat however this film does  grow on you after watching it a couple of times (if you can stand it that  long).  Overall a good movie but not his best.  For those wanting to see a  ok film of epic proportions then this will be for you.
6305107122|5.0|Halloween is the movie that started the horror movie revolution. Since then numerous movies have tried to match its' splender but all have failed. What else could anyone ask for? There is an insane man on a quest for blood  and he targets Laurie Strode on Halloween night 15 years to the day he  killed his older sister. The music in this movie really sets an eerie mood  and to put it plainly don't miss this classic.
0767819462|5.0|This is a movie that shows family value and how to built trust
0792151712|1.0|This movie gives the 90's audience a warped view of the events on the Titanic.  It glorifies rebellion against everything in general, people over the age of 21 in particular.  It makes the disaster sound as though, if the  Titanic had been in the hands of wildly &quot;freethinking&quot; and  rebellious youth, it might have been avoided.  Rose and Jack were morally  no better than the people they disliked and slighted.
630463949X|5.0|This is a great trip down memory lane for anyone growing up with Fleetwood Mac in the 70s and 80s.  While Stevie can's hit all of the notes she could 20 years ago, that is only evident on a couple of songs.  Gypsy, Landslide  and Silver Springs alone are worth getting this DVD for, but there are many  others that make this concert very enjoyable to watch and listen to.  Mick  Fleetwood's drums come through clean but not overpowering, and Lindsey  Buckingham's guitar work is superb.  There are a couple of songs I would  not have picked to include, but overall it is a 95% success rate for  content.  Had the neighbors over last Saturday night and we played this DVD  LOUD!  Afterward - neighbor's wife asked where to buy a DVD player!
6305232660|2.0|Even more disappointing than Armageddon, this waste of 2 hours didn't even have decent special effects. How can &quot;Hope Survive&quot; when we have such hopeless &quot;entertainment.&quot; Freeman and Duval should be  ashamed to have appeared in this film, let alone be listed in the credits.  Tia Leone's lackluster acting was in keeping with this effortless  production. Michael J. Fox was right: TV writers today- as bad as TV is-  are doing a better job than the silver screen guild. Sad indeed.
0590353403|5.0|The best part of my school day was when my teacher read Harry Potter.  It was even better then recess. My favorite character was Hermane because she was boss and knew everything.  It was a great book because it was so much  fun and it was funny.
630471288X|5.0|Essentially the entire movie is devoted to character building, so that by the end of the movie you have totally bought into each and every character. I am an extremely critical, anal-retentive German-American, and I can say  without hesitation that this film was one of- if not the- most perfectly  made films ever. It is VERY easy to watch this film time and time again. An  excellent piece of work. Again, flawless.
0590353403|5.0|This is the best book ever!!!! When our teacher started reading it we thought it was going to be boring but once Harry got to Hogwarts it got more exciting.  When our teacher finished the book we wanted her to read it  again, but she said she ordered the sequil.  Our favorite character was  Harry because Harry is an exciting sort of guy.  We liked it because it was  different from all the books we have ever read.  We wish we could play  quidish. We also liked when Harry found someone he didn't expect in the  trap door! From two third grade students at Pierce Elementary.
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima contains some of the greatest songs out there. Tool uses different sound distorting objects to change Maynard Keenan's powerful words. the guitarist is not bland and boring, in most of the songs, he will change the  whole song around, and even tricked me into thinking that it was a  completely different song. Excellent cd, it's way up there on my list.
0448060191|5.0|I first head of this book after watching the 1994 movie &quot;Little Women&quot; with Winona Ryder.  If you are like me and found that the movie sucked please don't let this discorage you from reading this wonderful  book.  Louisa May Alcott captures beautifly the lives of the four March  sister during the bitter era of the American Civil War.  I gurantee you  Meg, Jo, Beth and Amy will simply steal your heart and leave a warm and  cozy feeling with in you for years to come.  To all the parents out there  with daughters I especially recommed this book for your little ones it is  great to read aloud or for children to read to themselves...
0884271153|5.0|This is a sequel to &quot;Goal&quot; - written by the same author. A must read for all those executives who feel defeated in this recession. A practical book which can help an organisation which has already achieved  high operational efficiencies but don't know how to survive in turbulent  markets.
0684867621|1.0|I can't believe I paid money for this &quot;novel&quot;. It reads like a Readers Digest story. Plotting and characters are amateurish. Without the King name this would be laughed out of any publishing house. I'm  embarrassed that I spent the time on this junk.
0451196716|4.0|The Long Walk is a book that will engulf you and your soul.  Reading this book will give anyone a new look on life.  To do as much as you can do in one day of your life.
6305297525|5.0|A masterpiece!  The most visually captivating film I've ever seen.  It combines imaginative visual effects with a powerful story and first-rate acting. The casting is great with Williams doing another touching/tragic  performance.  Gooding is super as is the rest of the cast.  If you love  art, this is the film for you.  My only regret is that I don't know a lot  about paintings, so I belive I missed some of the context.  This film makes  you think and feel!
B000002U82|1.0|See? I only gave it one star - now I can hang with the cool kids! I admit, I've only heard &quot;Money&quot; on my dad's car radio - but that's enough to know dis hole Floyd-think is mid-20th century. You dino's need to listen  to some Future Bible Heroes - they will be remembered many months from now.  This Dark Side is just a retro-fad. Ever see that flik with the rich guy  who's in love with his little sled? Like, the same number of people who  remember that will remember DS 6 months from now! Ps: Schaumburg is sooo  boring - get me out of here!
B000002A3T|5.0|Pink Floyd has never made a mistake on an album .and this goes for this c.d. as well.  If you get it, try the last song on the disk. It is by far the best.  It isnt pop music, it is music like no other. no one has or ever  will be able to compare with Floyd. I cant wait for them to tour again. (If  they ever do.)
B000001FY9|3.0|I'am looking for the Real legend CD with all the studio cut's not the bogus version put out by dumb gong records. This version is like taking a shower without soap, it just dosn't come clean.
B000002U9W|5.0|All who listen to Pink FLoyd should immediately know how great they are. no other band has ever come close to duplicating their work.
B000000WA4|5.0|I can not tell you how good this CD. Almost every song has something to offer you.  Whether you need an upbeat happy song, or a slow depressing one, this double set has it.  I was mystified that ROLLING STONE only gave  it 3 stars. Boy, were they ever wrong!!!
B00000IIXH|5.0|All of the comments about Bruce &quot;ripping off&quot; his fans are a joke.  Who exactly is he ripping off, anyway?  Certainly not me.  The &quot;Tracks&quot; box set is amazing, but it is not a cheap purchase for  the casual fan.  This new sampler allows some of the non-fanatical  Springsteen fans to purchase a great overview of the box.  Sure, you can  question some of the song choices; with that much quality material on the  box, it's almost impossible to only pick 15 songs and please everyone.   I  also think it was great of Bruce to add three extra songs for the fanatics.   We buy everything he puts out anyways-- I mean, be honest: how many times  have you dropeed $15 on an import CD single for just ONE track?  Any time  that I can get three new Bruce songs for $15, I'm happy-- especially when  the songs are as beautiful as &quot;The Promise.&quot; FIVE STARS.  Bruce  rules.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is pure John Williams, of course, reminiscent, like most of his work, of Holst's The Planets, and in particular of his own work on Indiana Jones &amp; the Temple of Doom and Empire of the Sun...  But particularly strong  choral arrangements and a baroque, old world feel add fresh and exciting  elements to the first new Star Wars soundtrack in seventeen years... The  soundtrack echoes musical signatures of the earlier Trilogy in just a  handful of (plot- and theme- specific) places. <br />   Though we start with  the familiar Star Wars fanfare, the first piece of original music on the  soundtrack clearly indicates that this is not the music for a time of civil  war... This is a regal, ornate score, describing not so much a time of  peace as a time of disillusionment... but also of myth and tradition... and  faith.  There is prosperity in this music, clearly--and greed--and  corruption.  Even complacency.  These are the apparent evils of The Phantom  Menace... True evil in the score is isolated, perhaps hidden, but certainly  powerful...  Waiting to explode into prominence.<br />   For example, our  introduction to Jedi Knights Qui-Jon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi is a bouncy  and thrilling overture, reminiscent of Empire's Asteroid chase, but there  are exquisitely ominous choral overtones.  You can hear the tragedy around  the corner.  <br />   But not, ironically, in Anakin's theme, which is the  very flip side of the Imperial March, filled with life and hope and, in  &quot;Anakin Defeats Sebulba,&quot; the inspirational sense of rising up to  meet destiny.
0553573403|5.0|Outstanding book.  It reached my top 25 of all time.  (Including books like Ender's game, The Hobbit, Fareneheit 451, etc......)
B000002KD5|5.0|I've long thought that the commercial sucess of Rumours, was because this album was so darn good.  Everyone loved this one, and bought Rumours before they had even heard it.  Rumours is great, this is better!
0440211727|1.0|Okay.  Where do I begin?  There are so many things wrong with this book.  Grisham spends a great deal of time in this courtroom drama dealing with the protaganist's theory of defense in a criminal case.  In the end, the  theory of defense turns out to be irrelevant -- so the bulk of the book is  irrelevant.  Grisham introduces characters who are ultimately  inconsequential.  I kept waiting for the main character's law student  sidekick to do something to justify her inculsion.  In the end, she comes  and goes without doing anything of significance.  She could have been cut  out of the book without the least impact on the story.  If you distilled  this book to its essence, you'd end up with nothing.  Skip this book; your  time would be better spent reading the label on a tube of toothpaste.
0440214041|1.0|From the beginning this book makes no sense.  Once again, Grisham has written a book where the bad guys do everything in their power to bring their secret plot to light.  Once again, Grisham has created a protaganist  who is completely unlikeable.  I made it to the end of this book only so  that I could critisize it in good conscience.
0312853238|5.0|I have read and re-read this book.  It is satisfying on a number of different levels.  The main character, Ender Wiggin, is fascinating.  The book is totaly absorbing.  Do yourself a favor -- buy this book.
6304666799|5.0|A startling development in ballet. While it shows Bourne's theatrical leanings it also shows off the brilliance of this new crop of theatrical choreographers including Bourne, Smuin and Morris; and their refusal to be  circumscribed by tradition.
B0000025IE|5.0|The rage, living after midnight, and breaking the law are awesome songs. I would advise getting this one because every song is good, another classic from Priest!
0790729393|5.0|I love this film!! It's really sad though. It made me realise how people experience such horrible things, though. It makes you aware of a reality that hits you in the face. I'd like to see more movies with Brad Renfro in  them. He looks like a promising actor &amp; hopefully he won't become the  next Leo di Caprio!! I don't wish that fate to anyone, not even my worst  enemy!! All in all a really good movie, not a movie to watch if you're  prone to have nightmares, though.
B000000OQF|5.0|Every song on this album rocks, this an awesome album and I would recommend this one to anybody. The standout cut on this one is sweet child o' mine yet their is no one real standout because every cut is awesome.  This is the only album that I have ever owned or heard that every song  rocks!
B000002HH9|5.0|Yes, this album is brighter perhaps than some of our favorites like Disintegration or Pornography. But what is really wrong with that? If after two decades of lament, loss and searching, Robert Smith is finally finding  some answers shouldn't we, as his fans, be happy for him? Not that I really  believe that this is it anyway, because songs like &quot;This Is A  Lie&quot; and &quot;Bare,&quot; the haunting last track, leave plenty of  questions in the air. Experienced Cure listeners will, after a few listens,  realize that it isn't really that perky after all, the subtle (perhaps too  subtle for some) major themes emerging as the tragedies of lust and  addiction. The music is the trademark layered, complex, always slightly  dreamy, rock that Robert and the boys are known for, and there is plenty  here lyrically for those willing to open their eyes a bit. Fabulous.
B000002H97|5.0|I have been listening to this album for 8 yrs. now and I still love it! Enter Sandman really stands out. If you like metallica then you will like this album for years to come-a great buy!
B0000024YL|5.0|I really love this CD...if you can't decide which S&amp;G CD to buy, pick up this one for a test drive of what they're like.
B0000025CP|5.0|Judas Priest is the most unique heavy metal band that I have ever listened to. I have been to alot of different concerts and I rank them as the best live performance band of all time so far. I have seen alot of bands come  and go but these guys keep putting out great music that rocks except for  their last one Jugulator(it really sucks). This album is a classic and I  encourage anybody that likes hard rock and heavy metal to pick this one up!
0767819462|5.0|I thought the movie was incredibly done. Being a Stepmom for 9 years now, I could really appreciate this movie.  I think this is the best movie that Julia Roberts has done yet.  I laughed, I cried, but most of all I didn't  feel like I was alone anymore. Having a family of my own, and then bringing  another family in to my little world was incredibly hard, but knowing that  I am not creating a disfunctional family makes me feel better. This is a  movie I will, with out a doubt, add to my movie collection!!! Don't forget  your kleenex box!
6303332609|5.0|- Use a search engine for info.    It is stupid to not sell an English version in the United States.  Why not encode the English with SAP and have the best of both worlds.<br />I'v been looking to replace my destroyed copy  for over 5 years and can only find a Spanish version.
0441172717|5.0|dune is not only a great action story it is also a great psycholgical story.  in no other book have i been so entranced and in tune with the wonderful writing style.  I felt as if i was with paul Muad' Dib throughout  his psycological journey. YOU MUST READ THIS BOOK!!
B000003AEB|5.0|Snoopz unique, lazy voice and his beats in all the songz r dope. the best songz are-  murder was the case, gin &amp; juice, lodi dodi, and whatz my name
B00000IQMT|4.0|No doubt many will be a bit underwhelmed by John Williams' latest installment to his &quot;Star Wars&quot; repertoire.  I also initially expected the rousing, pounding music of the original &quot;Star Wars&quot;  and &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; soundtracks.  After listening to  this latest soundtrack and thinking about it, however, I realized that  Williams is not going for the same mood as he was in &quot;Star Wars.&quot;   For that matter, neither is Mr. Lucas.  In the first trilogy, heroic  strains were appropriate for those who ultimately would save the galaxy;  that is the climax to which Lucas and Williams were building.  This time,  however, there is no such glorious ending.  We know the ill fate that  awaits young Anakin, and so such music as was in the first trilogy is  inappropriate.  Instead, there are brooding tones that portend dark and  ominous futures for those involved in this story.  We know that this  trilogy has no happy ending, and, with his brilliant end credits fading  solemnly into &quot;Darth Vader's Theme,&quot; Williams reminds us of that.  There are tracks in this score that remind us that, after all, this is a  &quot;Star Wars&quot; soundtrack, but the lack of more than two or three of  them is not an accident.  With &quot;The Phantom Menace,&quot; Williams  succeeds once more in creating the perfect mood, while gently reminding us  that the best is yet to come.
0792833279|5.0|Starting with John Travolta, this film is loaded with great performances by everyone in the cast.  This story of art imitating life imitating art has fast become one of my favorites.  The 'good guy' dialogue mixes well  with the 'Hollywood speak' to create an atmosphere of hilarity as well as  wonderful humor.  I'm sure you'll love this movie.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I am a huge fan of Metallica but this cd was givento me as a gift and I now listen to Offspring whenever as I get a chance.  I listen to them almost on a religious basis.
0783227434|5.0|Ive seen the entire series several times, heck, I own all 3 movies on vhs and dvd(and I got the movie posters too).  And I just gotta say, if you havent seen them, you dont deserve to live.  While Army of Darkness isnt as  good at Evil Dead 2, its still a kick butt movie in its own right.  Sure  the special effects arent all that great,but hey, its a little old too.   The one liners and combacks are all great, and its fun to see a hero who is  responsible for lots of deaths, yet still worshiped in the end.
0312853238|2.0|I'm sorry to say, since I respect Card's writing, that I tried three times to read this book, which has been toted as his greatest ever.  All three times, I couldn't get further than the fourth chapter because of the  immense amount of self-pity the main character was drowning in.
B00000IIXH|3.0|Bruce Springsteen gets the best and the worst reviews of any artist I've seen. (Enimem and Madonna don't get such venomous reviews!)  I've haven't heard such horrible sniveling and whining.  No one was forced to buy his  CD.  Live and learn.  And if you don't like him, DON'T BUY ANY MORE!!!<br />On  18 Tracks, I liked &quot;Hearts of Stone&quot; and &quot;The Fever&quot;  (both can be appreciated when you're  lonely).  I also liked &quot;Where  the Bands Are&quot; and &quot;My Love Won't Let You Down&quot; (both  passionate rockers).  &quot;Janey Don't You Lose Heart&quot; is a great pop  song (as is &quot;Man at the Top&quot; in the boxed set).  &quot;Sad  Eyes&quot; is also good.  <br />Songs left out of 18 Tracks that are good in  the boxed set:  &quot;Don't Look Back&quot; (a great song a la &quot;Prove  It All Night&quot; and &quot;Candy's Room&quot;), &quot;A Good Man Is Hard  To Find&quot; (a la &quot;The River&quot;) and &quot;Ricky Wants a Man of  Her Own&quot; (similar to Bob Seger's &quot;C'est La Vie&quot;.  &quot;This  Hard Land&quot; in the boxed set is better than on the Greatest Hits (more  harmonic).  &quot;Car Wash&quot; is short, but good; I also liked  &quot;Rockaway the Days&quot;.  &quot;Gave It a Name&quot; has a good tune  (reminiscent in theme of &quot;Adam Raised a Cain&quot;).  I'll probably go  to hell for this, but I liked &quot;My Lover Man&quot; too.  Springsteen is  best dealing with things both sad and beautiful.  He's human, he'll do dumb  things.  If you can get past them, you'll enjoy him and a good deal of  other music.
B000001DYD|5.0|I don't have to be the only one to tell you this is one of the greatest pieces of work to be released in the 90s. Check out this month's rolling stone with Kurt Cobain on the cover, PJ harvey is an incredible force in  music. Her albums are so different, yet much the same in some ways. She's  not afraid to explore new territority, try different types of music, and  experiment with different roles within her lyrics.
0515125024|1.0|This is without doubt the worst novel I have ever read.  Why I finished reading the book is beyond me.  I had to grit my teeth and go for it.  Too bad you have to choose a star rating. Zero should be an option.  The events  in the book had no realism whatever. Just one of many examples:  Beau  Borken murders a number of people in Montana.  There is absolutely no  reaction and no knowledge of anyone that these murders took place.  No  wife, no relations, no friends.  No one cares.  There is also no  characterization.  Every character is exactly the same.  Each character  speaks the same, right?  And the complete stretch engaged in by the author  to save Jack Reacher from commitment to a woman (undoubtedly to save him  for future use) passes the border of ridiculous.  The only benefit I  received from this book was knowing that I will never read any books by  those authors that supposedly gave the book a good review.  My copy of the  book is now in the trash where it belongs.
6305265488|5.0|This is my favorite movie. It is romantic but good. I liked it a lot. Drew Barrymore does a good job acting as the cinder girl or Danielle. I recomend this boook to anyone!!  R20YMKVYRY3XLM
0375707972|5.0|...and I DO read quite a bit!  I have just finished this masterpiece and am still reeling from the subtle beauty, the heartbreak- this book has just secured a spot on my all-time Top Three.  The Reader is the kind of book  you will want to read again and again- it already feels like an old friend.
068815333X|5.0|That's what Entertainment Weekly said, anyway. Lehane's style is really refreshing, really sharp and witty. I've loved all of his books, especially for the characters, which are easily the most creative and original I've  read in a long time. I work in a bookstore, and I picked it up the first  day it was sent to us. If you haven't read Lehane's series, read them now!
6305358567|1.0|I am a lover of English history, in particular the period of Richard III - Elizabeth R.  This is the most awful re-write of history I have ever seen.  Cross-dressing lords, gay armies ... PLEASE!!! Why do 90s social themes  have to be &quot;in your face&quot; in a 16th century presentation?
0783225857|5.0|I read this book in seventh grade in the 70's and was touched by the relationships of all the characters.  I still have that book.  I also have the movie on VHS in Black and White.  It was a great disappointment to see  that this fine film was colorized.  It took away the opportunity for the  viewer to use their imagination in depicting the rose garden of the grouchy  Miss Boles or the solomness of the town during the depression.  These  classic films that are being released colorized are robbing the viewer of  the purity of the film art and the period which the film represents.  Color  is not always an addition, many times it is a minus.
B000000OXH|5.0|What a classic CD! Asia was the progressive rock supergroup of the 1980s and they still remain one of the best.  Their debut album was their best, but this follow-up is also a 5-star classic.  A must!
B00000IYWH|5.0|Elvis Presley is the biggest selling recording artist of all time. Not The Beatles, Stones, Sinatra, Crosby, Jackson (or Garth Brooks for that matter) come close to the number of records sold worldwide by Presley. <br />One must consider the Sun recordings as perhaps the best music ever put on record. Without the \\"golden era\\" of Presley's '54 -'58 recordings, rock and roll may well have become a fad. As John Lennon once said, \\"Before Elvis there was nothing.\\" <br />Although misguided and used by Tom Parker, Elvis managed to record several trend setting and classic albums. \\"How great thou art\\", \\"I'm 10,000 years old\\" and \\"Elvis Is Back\\" are perhaps his three greatest efforts.<br />\\"Elvis is back\\" defined a period in Elvis' life when is was \\"do or die\\". Either he would regain his place in music history, or he would become a has been. Lucky for us, he became an icon to not only rock and roll, but to music in general.<br />\\"Elvis Is Back\\" had elements of the music that Elvis loved. Gospel, blues, jazz and good old rock and roll. No one can listen to \\"Reconsider Baby\\" and not FEEL the blues. His voice was never smoother on a ballad and never more forceful on a blues recording. \\"Elvis Is Back\\" had it all.<br />Hind sight being 20/20, \\"Elvis Is Back\\" should have outsold \\"Blue Hawaii\\" by 10 to 1. Instead, \\"Blue Hawaii\\" became his biggest selling album. Parker could smell a buck a million miles away - if the public wanted weak soundtrack material, he would make sure Elvis recorded as much as he could stand. It is a shame that he was not given the chance to record more albums like this one. <br />\\"Elvis Is Back\\" is Elvis' \\"Sgt. Pepper\\" or \\"Pet Sounds\\". If Elvis hadn't recorded another album in his career, he would have had a place in rock and roll forever because of a few sides on Sun records and 10 singles in the early '50's. <br />\\"Elvis Is Back\\" is a small look into what may have been.
6301562925|1.0|I would have given this a higher rating...however I remember when this movie came out in the theaters. To avoid giving away any spoilers, let's just say if you've seen the movie in the theaters and then on video, you  know exactly what is missing. And those missing elements, IMHO, gives the  video version a much different tone than the theatrical version. I've never  been a big fan of any video that has been cut down without informing the  viewer as such (hence the rating, my own pet peeve mind you). I have no  idea why this was released on video edited...if anyone can tell me, I'd be  happy.
B000002KGT|5.0|&quot;Rumours&quot; is generally acknowledged to be a classic, so I won't mention that.  What is less known is that Lindsey Buckingham is an absolute genuis.  Imagine Rumours without Buckingham-if you can, you know nothing  about Fleetwood Mac.  Whether it be as an arranger, a producer, a writer,  or as a guitarrist, his contributions to this album (while not discounting  the brilliance of the whole band) were the primary moving force.  &quot;Go  Your Own Way&quot; is a perfect song, the best on the album, the best of  Fleetwood Mac's career, and one of the best, by any group, of all time.   The rousing &quot;Secondhand News&quot; and the achingly beautiful  &quot;Never Going Back Again&quot; demonstrate an astounding range of  compositional ability. Yet Lindsey defines even those songs on which he is  not the composer (with the exception  of &quot;Songbird&quot;).  Every  guitar lick of Lindsey's adds a poignant dimension to what are generally  conventional pop songs.  Listen to &quot;Dreams&quot; when Stevie performs  it solo.  Without the distinctive Buckingham guitar cry as counterpart it  becomes an occasion only to hear Stevie's voice-a one dimensional showcase.   His stinging guitar defines &quot;The Chain,&quot; (though John McVie's  bass solo does its job too).  &quot;You Make Loving Fun&quot; is enlivened  by his genuis with knowing exactly where to add guitar, as is &quot;Don't  Stop.&quot;  And having watched Waddy Watchel, a wonderful guitarrist in  his own right, butcher &quot;Gold Dust Woman,&quot; I am amazed at the  subtlety of Buckingham.  His guitar is never overbearing.  It's so good you  might not even know it was there.  Every guitar part is made to support the  song, not to show off.  The whole album reflect Buckingham's genuis with  harmony, with production values, and with subtlety and taste.  (Not to  mention that Stevie's acrimony and love towards Lindsey provided her with  her best lyrics)!  The recent &quot;The Dance&quot; reunion hopefully did  something to prove to the world that Lindsey Buckingham is one of the  looming legends of rock and roll.  How wonderful it would be if he were  appreciated while he is still alive.  Maybe someday, when rock and roll  salutes the subtle rather than the show-offs.
B000002J29|5.0|It was March of 1977, I was out on Spring-break from SMU, down in New Orleans with college friends. &quot;Genesis is playing at the New Orleans Civic Auditorium-let's go check out the show!&quot; suggested one of my  colleagues.  &quot;Who the hell is Genesis?&quot; I asked.  On a warm,  humid spring night we headed out to see a band that I was totally  unfamiliar with. All of that changed over the next 3 hours.  In short, I  was absolutely blown away. Genesis had just released &quot;Wind and  Wuthering&quot;, Phil was fronting the band with Peter Gabriel still fresh  in the minds of the faithful. Chester Thompson assumed the omenous task of  learning the complex rhythms for their live shows.  The band was hitting on  all cylinders, all seemingly 10,000 of them.  As I sat in the balcony  mesmerized (we bought our tickets at the door 15 miniutes after the show  started- Genesis had yet to sell out a 9000 seat auditorium) I had a  musical epiphany of sorts.  This album is how I remember that show.  Most  music and bands-certainly of this complexity-usually take several  listenings to appreciate what one is hearing.  That night was one of those  rare exceptions when it all had a rich familiar feel.  I subsequently  aquired their entire vinyl catalog of albums-since replaced by CD-one at a  time.  Check it out; they don't make music like this anymore!
6305268177|5.0|If you have, I would suggest to you this concert.  The Bee Gee's take you through their 30+ years of history sharing the joys and pains of their time together.  Put on this DVD and experience one of the best musical  recordings in terms of quality sound (mix) you may have ever heard.  It's a  roller coaster of ballads, disco and classic hits.  A winner!
B000002I25|5.0|This actually deserves 5 STARS.<br />Although I'm not a Doors expert, I'll tell you that this album is definitely their Best and one of the Best in classic rock.  As a Band they formed a force of Creativity and  Entertainment in a realm of their own. Therefore no one should compare them  to the Beatles (who are also unique in their own way). Some people like to  class The Doors as 'overblown crap with a dead acid-loving vocalist.'  To  those people, I say that Jim Morrison was certainly an amazing Writer and  an excellent Entertainer. He was, in fact, one of rock's first actual  showmen. None of it could have worked without the musical talents of the  rest of the band.  <br />Why was this unbiased? Well, I didn't listen to any  classic rock before I broke on through to... THE DOORS...<br />Now I  appreciate the fact that real Music takes you to a distant land, because...  &quot;Music is Your Special Friend, until The End.&quot;
0316286869|5.0|I have been involved in the Beauty world for a good portion of my life, and I must say that I wish I had this book all along. I honestly think it is the only make-up book that I will ever need. Kevyn is an amazing artist,  and his true personality shines through on every page. Wait till you see  some of his amazing transformations, and apllication techniques.
0060977493|2.0|Like The Celestine Prophecy, here is a trendy bestseller everyone is trying too hard to love. And like The Celestine Prophecy, it just isn't very well written. Ms. Roy shows some definite potential when she just lets  her story flow and the characters talk naturally, but too much of the time  the prose is cut into bite-size portions that digest way too easily. It  sounds like a bad poem written by a nihilistic teenager. The characters get  far too annoying too, with Ms. Roy cramming them so full of quirks that you  get sick of it. The God of Small Things is occasionally poetic but more  often than not ridiculous, contrived, and boring.
6305127638|5.0|It pretty much had all that was to be expected in a good movie. Drama, action scenes and comedic moments. It also gave us a more in-depth view of the Borg culture, which by far are the coolest villians around! All the  special effects only helped in carrying the movie forward. And my  &quot;non-trek&quot; friends had no problem following the story. Patrick  Stewart gave an amazing performance as Capt. Picard as did Alfre Woodard.  The producers of the STAR TREK series have out-done themselves with this  one.
B000002AVF|5.0|Mariah Carey is the greatest diva in the world.  Now I know that a lot of people had mixed feelings on this album but IT IS THE GREATEST!!!!!  SHE is the GREATEST!  Mariah, if you are reading this then you HAFTA realise that  I AM YOUR #1 fan~  I love you and I love this cd! My personnal favorites  are &quot;Long Ago&quot;  &quot;When I Saw You&quot; &quot;Forever&quot;  and &quot;One Sweet Day&quot;, BUT I LOVE THE WHOLE CD!
0606050647|1.0|I do not care to read anything further about the &quot;lost generation&quot; if Hemingway's characters are typical. The dialogue (of which most of the book is written)is corny and the only charcters worth  saving are the natives that are encountered in the Basque Region and  Pamplona.<br />Thankfully Hemingway wrote less than 200 pages. I kept hoping  that the story would end with Lady Ashley, Jake Barnes, Robert Cohen, and  the other &quot;ugly americans&quot; and arrogant Brits entering a detox  center and becoming the initial success stories of AA.
6304916558|5.0|Het is duidelijk een film van de jaren negentig en niet meer een post-koude oorlog film. Ik vond de film prachtig vooral de scnes met de BMW.Ik ben zelf een Bond-fan en daarom ga ik nog met een kritischer oog te  werk
B000002KOQ|5.0|I bought this album in 1981 after a very desperate and confusing Freshman year at college.  I never really heard of Joni Mitchell, but the artwork on this album cover caught my eye in a record store, so I gave it a shot for  six or seven dollars. What I found when I brought its contents to life on  my turntable was magical, cathartic, rejuvenating. Conversation, The  Priest, Woodstock, The Arrangement, stunned my senses and I listened to  these songs over and over and over again that summer.  I began to  understand life, passion, disappointment, relationships so much better as a  result of this one album.  Thank you, Joni. As a struggling saxophonist,  marrying a frustrated painter bride, some 6 years later, my wife and I  chose For Free as our wedding song. No one at the wedding reception really  understood the song but the bride and groom. My life, and my marriage, are  just fine with gratitude to Joni Mitchell, and this extraordinary work of  art.
6303433766|4.0|Heavenly Creatures ranks right up there as one of the most disturbing movies I've seen.  What makes it so, is that it is a true story.  It was good, yet at times, very difficult to watch.  Winslet is wonderful as  usual.  I recommend this movie to mature viewers.  Parents need to use  discretion when letting their younger children watch this film.  Overall  the movie was amazingly directed, written, and acted...very true to the  real life tragedy.
B000002I6T|5.0|FIRST HEARD THIS ALBUM IN HEIDELBERG, GERMANY,1982 IN A SEMESTER ABROAD, AS A SOPHOMORE IN COLLEGE.  DIDN'T HAVE ANY MONEY OR A STEREO.  THE RECORD SHOPS IN HEIDELBERG WOULD PUT A RECORD FOR SALE ON FOR YOU WITH SOME  HEADPHONES UNTIL THE NEXT POTENTIAL BUYER CAME ALONG TO KICK YOU OUT OF  YOUR SPACE.  TAMALPAIS HIGH AND TRACTION IN THE RAIN WERE UNLIKE ANYTHING I  HAD EVER HEARD BEFORE.  SINCE THEN I HAVE BOUGHT VIRTUALLY EVERY RECORDING  BY THE CROS AND C&amp;N.  THEY NEVER HAVE DISAPPOINTED.
0790737973|5.0|this movie, much to my own suprise, was really great, well acted, impressive and entrancing until the very last moment. I think it's been underated in general and particulary here.
B000003N69|5.0|Coltrane's last recordings are also the hardest listen. The most difficult recordings in their uncompromising atonality.  A must for anyone who enjoys music that challenges the basic musical principal of melody.  This record  features Coltrane insanely improvising to almost random notes while drummer  Rasheed Ali does his best to try to keep the tunes from falling apart.  The  first time I heard this album I literally wanted to tear my ear drums out.   That alone made me want to listen to this record again and again.   Definately not music to relax to, but if you want music that challenges  sonic limits, this is the album for you.
B0000041A9|5.0|Rostropovich and Richter playing Beethoven together... who would ask for more?
B00000IQMT|4.0|I was really anticipating listening to the new music for the Phantom Menance, and I liked it, but it could be better.   I didn't enjoy it as much as the previous Star Wars soundtracks.  I was disappointed that they  did not decide to have it like the Special Edition soundtracks that I are  the best.  There's no Fox Fanare, and I am sure there's additional new  music in the film that's not on the cd.  Most of the tracks were good.  I  found the music very moving and emotional.  I am glad that they decided to  stick with the original Star Wars main theme and not create a new one for  the occasion.  The music is very reminiscent of the previous Star Wars  music and even some of Williams' other work.  I thought that the finale was  similar the Special Edition ewok song.  I liked the Williams weaved the  different themes together in the previous end credit music but I that  wasn't even done hear.  They went from the Star Wars main theme repreive,  then Duel of the Fates, and then Anakin's Theme.  All in all, though, I  look foward to seeing how the music is with the film in a couple weeks.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I had the privilege of seeing the film on tuesday the fourth, before I could get my hands on the CD.  I was blown away by the film and by the Music.  The next day I got the CD and listened to it.  I was suprised  because alot of the best parts of the score were missing-what was there was  great but most of the last duel was missing and the Maul-Qui-Gon Duel on  tattoine was gone.  Still I am quite impressed by this work and will  eagerly await the next release of music from episode One (please god let  there be another release)
0783225733|5.0|Now that I have it on DTS DVD where I enjoyed it in all it's splender. Not only does Ron Howard make a great docudrama, but the sound effects and presentation on DVD is outstanding. If you liked the movie and wondered  about DTS, this is the one to buy. Have fun.
B000002MY3|5.0|Youre Gonna love her cd,Jagged little pill-esecialy Ironic.  You'll wana listen to it over and over!!!!
B000002UAX|5.0|There's a customer review of The Rolling Stones' Exile on Main St. that says \\"If I had to play one CD for someone from another planet who had never heard rock'n'roll before, this would be it!\\" Well, I do love Exile on Main Street, yes, however I consider The Beatles' 1968 \\"white album\\" to be the ultimate rock record of all time. Why? Not because the album is a groundbreaking achievement or anything like that. Compared to Rubber Soul, Revolver and Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, the white album is not all that revolutionary. The record is stripped down, there are fewer overdubs, and the instrumentation is a lot more sparse. There are still a number of studio flourishes and even a symphony orchestra, but there's nothing approaching the experimentation of Revolver and Sgt. Pepper. I consider that a good thing. There's nothing wrong with studio experimentation, but it can sometimes get in the way of the music. On the white album, the group allows the songs to speak for themselves. The songs alternate back and forth between serious and lighthearted, and there any many songs here that most people consider \\"filler\\". There is very little cooperation amongst the band members, they write and sing their own songs and the other members basically serve as the backup group. <br /> <br />What makes the white album a great, landmark record is the fact that it's so idiosyncratic. It's not Sgt. Pepper. or Abbey Road. The Beatles are not trying to create a work of art. The white album is simply the Beatles making music without pretentiousness. With possible exception of Let It Be, the white album is also the Beatles' most hard-rocking album with great guitar rock tracks like \\"Back in the USSR\\", \\"Birthday\\", \\"Yer Blues\\", \\"Everybody's Got Something To Hide Except Me and My Monkey\\", and of course, \\"Helter Skelter\\". It's a testament to the band's genius that they could so easily alternate between good-time pop like \\"Good Day Sunshine\\" and menacing hard rock like \\"Helter Skelter\\". The fact that the album rocks hard is not the only reason I love it. Every member of the group gets a chance to shine, even Ringo. George, Paul, and John all get their time in the spotlight and each one tries a little bit of everything: Ballads, rockers, pop and silly songs. It's ironic that the group's only epic double-album is such a stripped-down, minimalist rock album. Wisely, they did not try to top Sgt. Pepper. Brian Wilson tried top it with his Smile album, and well, it didn't quite work out as we all know. The Beatles went in the opposite direction from Sgt. Pepper, right down to the blank white cover. <br /> <br />A lot of people say that the white album would have made a great single album, however I would hate to see a single song sacrificed. I love every song on the white album. Even the filler. Especially the filler. Interludes like \\"Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da\\", \\"Wild Honey Pie\\", \\"Why Don't We Do It In The Road\\" are excellent contrast to the serious songs and show the band's wonderful sense of humor as well as their audacity at allowing such levity onto a record. The white album is not trying to make a statement, it's not trying to reinvent rock and roll, the Beatles had already done that. No need to do it again. The white album shows the Beatles simply being a rock band, doing what they do best: writing and recording songs. Just making the music they want to make and not giving a damn what anyone thinks of it. Their next record, Abbey Road, would be a return to the grandiose, super-produced pop/rock sound of their previous albums. However, the white album will always stand out from the rest to me, because of its sheer variety and idiosyncrasy as well as its comparatively raw sound. In early 1969, the band would attempt to record an even more raw, stripped-down album of pure rock which would have been the Get Back album. This, of course, turned into Let It Be. A great record in its own right, but not in the league of the white album by any means. If you like therock tracks on this album, check out Let It Be for more. <br /> <br />The Beatles have recorded greater, more historically significant albums than the white album, but they never made one more simple, charming or unique.
B000000WA4|5.0|This album has become so intertwined in my life...one listens to it and wonders whether Billy Corgan is tapping into your dreams and secret thoughts...the lyrics are some of the most amazing, most revalatory lyrics  written... &quot;You're strength is my weakness, you're weakness my  hate&quot;...&quot;I fear that I am ordinary just like everyone..&quot;it  swerves between rockers that make it feel like the world coming to an end  and intimate and strangely epic hushed songs of longing &quot;I'll be your  stumbliene, I'll be you superqueen, and make you me&quot; alot of people  can't get past his voice... but trust me.. you definantly learn to  appreciate and love it. Whats great about the Pumpkins is that the albums  are so good that the singles are often not even the best songs on  it..anyway..I'm tired...so TA!
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors are the best band ever and this album really reveals why. This album presents a wide variety of styles, from the poppy Top 40 sounds of Light My Fire and Twentieth Century Fox, to the headbanging rock of Break  On Through and Back Door Man, to the epic mystique of The End. <br />These  kids of today who are wasting their minds away listening to the Backstreet  Boys and Bush should check out this album for a little lesson in Good Music  101. <br />Ray, John, Robbie and Jim. The Doors. The best band that ever was  and ever will be. <br />&quot;Some call it heavenly in its brilliance.  Others  mean and rueful of the Western dream.&quot;
B000006NPY|5.0|I realize MOST people aren't really music fans... they're singles fans.. fans of whatever everyone else likes and fans of an empty, catchy, choruses...look at it this way mediachild... MUSIC IS ART! NOT BACKGROUND  NOISE! Music should touch your heart and move you to a better place. It  doesn't matter if it's heavy or mellow.. some of the most intense songs are  slow and about quiet pain..Adore is mellow, but it also happens to be a  masterpiece, if you so called &quot;former pumpkins fans&quot; could stop  watching South Park and listenng to Korn {or whatever is popular these  days} and actually LISTEN to the album...it might move you..someone said  that this album separates the fans of the pumpkins musical vision from the  fans of the pumpkins popular heavy rock..and it's true..this is a  masterpiece, true art
0380973464|4.0|This book reads like a narrated version of Bruce Schneier's Applied Cryptography.  As a whole it is a truely great book and will surely end up on the Great Science Fiction book list, not near the top, but on the list  none the less.  Stephenson tries to explain many of the details and points  of cryptography in this book for the uninitiated yet he does leave out  small gaps where one who isn't in the know won't get the point.  The plot  is there yet it, like many scifi books trying to bring a point across, gets  diluted between pages and pages of explination.  If the reader of this  review is a student of Mathematics or Logic or even occasionally watches  The Discovery Channel he or she will enjoy this one.  Otherwise, I doubt  the reader will remain awake throughout all 910 pages.
B000007U19|5.0|This is an awesome album. James LaBrie has the best voice I ihave ever heard and the rest of the band plays great too. One of their best albums. If you like hard rock, you have to check this cd out.
B0000025ZF|5.0|Ha!  As I read the varied reviews on this site, I laugh at some of them.  Roger Waters can only be appreciated at his best when one goes deep into the art that he creates, and not the poppy, meaningless,  money-grossing-oriented songs of the Roger-less Floyd.  I'm sure that the  people who only gave this album one star are the same people who rate  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; as one of their favorite songs.  <br />Personally,  this is one of my most favorite albums of all-time.  Roger once said that,  from the perspective of art, a work is only as good as how well it moves  you (a statement with which I agree).  Well, if this emotional  rollercoaster doesn't move you, nothing will.  Certainly not the drivel  thoughtlessly penned out by today's most popular &quot;artists.&quot;   Also, in my opinion, the one song on here I'd leave off is the title track,  and I also see that the people who don't really like the album as a whole  do lean towards that song as one of the best on the album.  <br />Here, Eric  Clapton, who is the undisputed master of the electric blues, combines his  striking and poignant solos with the shearing vocals of Roger, at once soft  and at peace, and at another sharp and ripping.  If there is an album out  there with more electricity, more emotion, and more meaning, then I have  yet to find it.  &quot;The Final Cut&quot; is another one of my favorites,  for the very same reasons.<br />Also, in response to the claim that this is  somehow an attack on women.  I suggest one reads the lyrics and listens a  little more and thinks a LOT more about what this album actually is.  Roger  dedicated this album to Carolyne, his wife.  It's about a man who dreams of  marrital infidelity with a woman purely for her physical attractiveness,  and how he realizes that true happiness is lying right beside him.  He also  puts himself in her shoes by seeing how HE would feel if he were cheated on  - in &quot;Go Fishing&quot; and &quot;Dunroamin, Duncarin, Dunlivin.&quot;   This is an amazing album for its lyrical depth, its personal  responsibility, its musical electricity, and for the fact that it moves you  more than any other album out there.  A must-have for true believers of art  in music.
0783225881|5.0|This is a movie that speaks to the Baby boom generation.  It makes us understand that what is truly important in our lives is not the business that we do but the people that we love.  While some view the story as  maudlin, it struck me as real and touching.  Kevin Costner and Amy Madigan  are perfectly cast as are James Earl Jones and the late Burt Lancaster.   While I was probably drawn to this movie by its baseball theme, anyone who  values the importance of family will be drawn to Ray Kinsella's voyage to a  simple game of catch.
B000002B38|3.0|I rate this album three stars for its musical quality, and for that only.  Roger was right - true intimacy and connection with the audience is really only captured at smaller venues, and here we have Dave, Rick, Nick and a  host of guest musicians playing in front of a jam-packed Earl's Court.   <br />The highlight of the album is that this was the first time Pink Floyd  had played Dark Side of the Moon in its entirety at a live venue since the  1975 tour.  The lowlight of the album is that it is nothing new.  It's  obvious to me that the best songs they play on here were all written and  designed by Roger Waters.  &quot;High Hopes&quot; makes a stab at  attempting something nice, but it falls far short of Waters in its lyrics.   Other than that, nothing from the Division Bell CD or the  economically-driven Momentary Lapse of Reason even begin to fill the shoes  of the real Pink Floyd.  <br />The point here is clear - the Roger-less Floyd  are at their best when they play Roger-written tunes, period.  And even  then they are drowned out by people screaming at the top of their lungs who  got in to see the show at $150 a pop.  But it's not for the money or  anything...
0553108034|2.0|I can't give Martin an A or F for his effort- I grade him incomplete.  This is another grand epic, well written, but released by the cup full when only the bucket is compelling. I am making the same pledge after Clash of  Thrones as I did after reading Jordan's Path of Daggers.  There are so many  primary characters and they all have separate story threads, so that now  instead of one story you have nine stories, which means that none of  characters get resolution over the course of a 400 page book, because they  are only in it for 40 or 50 pages. This wouldn't be a problem if the whole  story was there on the shelf, then- I would only need to decide whether to  invest all my liesure time for the next 6 months reading it- but when you  get it in dribbles, it is hard to remember who any of the characters are,  what trouble they are in and what they planned to do about it.  I am  putting this author away until his story is no longer a work in process.
B0000025HU|5.0|People don't realize the diversity of The Clash.Most people know the commercial tunes and nothing else. This cd has a wide variety of songs that will make a believer out of the doubters. I have personally turned many  people on to The Clash and i always start with this cd. If i only had ten  cds to take with me on a deserted island this would be one !!
B000002KBU|5.0|has an album captured my attention like this one. I clearly recall about a 3 month period in 1972 when I was comsumed by this masterpiece. Pick most any songwriter today and ask them what artist and what album most heavily  influenced them and most will tell you &quot;Blue&quot; by Joni. Many have  followed in her footsteps, but none (including Joni) have equaled this  effort.
630516603X|2.0|Flatley looks tired and well past his prime in this version of LOTD.  All the intrusive editing cannot hide the fact that he never once looks like the best dancer on the stage.  His steps are sloppy, mushy, and  flat-footed...when he's even dancing at all.  Mostly he just hams it up in  front while a stagefull of talented young dancers do what he just can't  seem to manage anymore.  He does play the flute in a couple of numbers, and  he's not bad at all...but did you really buy this video to see him play the  flute?  The &quot;Feet of Flames&quot; solo near the end is just not worth  the wait.  It's just a few flurries of tapping in between &quot;aw  shucks&quot; nods at the audience, and in it he does moves that were done  far better by Maria Pages and Colin Dunne in the second Riverdance video.   Flatley was great in the first LOTD, but I think you'll be disappointed  with this.
0671015206|2.0|This book, justifiably, sharply criticizes the ostentatious lifestyles of those who were formerly called &quot;nouveau riche&quot; and are now referred to as &quot;The Me Generation.&quot; Making the rather obvious  point that those who engage in conspicuous consumption will, by definition,  fail to amass any amount of wealth, the authors propose instead a paradigm  based on &quot;frugality,&quot; i.e., cheapness. Their medicine is just as  bad as the sickness it supposedly cures.<br />The people they set up as models  live well within their means, perhaps too much so. Life is a gift, meant to  be enjoyed, and the person who saves every shekel is just as sick as the  person who spends every one.<br />Very little in this book is new, despite the  fact that the authors seem to consider their &quot;findings&quot;  revolutionary. In 1966 the Federal Reserve Board commissioned a study of  who became wealthy in America. The finding was that people with their own  businesses, on average, ended up three times as wealthy as those who pull  W-2s. No surprise there--no guts, no glory.<br />During the 1970s Dr, Srully  Blotnick, a columnist for Forbes, conducted a study of 1000 people to find  out which ones became more successful, which he summarized in a book  entitled &quot;Getting Rich Your Own Way.&quot; The conclusion? That the  most successful people are those who do what they love and let the money  follow.<br />What is lacking in &quot;The Millionaire Next Door&quot; is any  sense of moderation. True, these people will die with lots of money and  personal security, but nothing else.
B00000ILBK|5.0|This is most likely one of the best Star Trek productions, even though it follows a commen story line it shows great enthusiasm. Its obvious they spent much time thinking out the science of the problem the Crew of the  Enterprise endured. In conclusion this movie is without a doubt well worth  watching.
B000003TAR|5.0|Lyrically this is the greatest album Kurt or anybody else has ever written.  It ranks even higher than &quot;the Wall&quot; by Pink Floyd or Led Zeppelin IV.  Cobain is the master of metaphoric song writing and is  already considered a legend, possibly the only legend of the nineties.  And  although the guitar wasn't all that original, Kurt did know how to hook a  listener with his voice.
B00000DGUG|3.0|There are several excellent tracks on this album, including &quot;Thank U&quot; and &quot;Joining You.&quot;  But the first thing that might annoy you about this album are the &quot;forced&quot; lyrics throughout the  album.  The rhyming of the vocals seems off - and that's why it's different  from &quot;Jagged Little Pill.&quot;  Appreciate this album for its  boldness and individuality - but if you're expecting another Head-Over-Feet  hum-a-long, or an Oughta-Know-shout-a-thon, forget it.
0783233477|5.0|This was a powerful movie that touched my heart like no other movie I've ever seen.  It left me talking about it for weeks.  Although it is long, and the beginning drags a little, this movie's ability to captivate you  will grow stronger as the movie goes on and climax in the final thirty  minutes which are worth the wait.  My husband even loved this movie and he  is extremely critical when it comes to movies.  <br />This movie is superbly  acted.  If I were handing out Academy Awards, Anthony Hopkins would be at  the top of my list!  His performance was powerful and very moving.  Brad  Pitt played what I would consider to be a difficult part very well.   Supporting cast was excellent as well.<br />Meet Joe Black has quickly become  one of my favorite movies of all time!
6301562941|5.0|The movie is great but if you can find it get a copy of Orson Scott Card's book. Not just a novelization of the film but a novel in it's own right.  It fleshes out the characters and gives the aliens point of view.  The  ending in the extended version  of the film came off a bit preachy but it  works fine in the book.
6301697707|5.0|I love this movie too much.  The acting very much like real people.  Its a thing I cherish almost as much as my life.  I've seen the movie 50to60 times and I'm not bored of it yet.  Its a very realistic movie.  I'll never  get rid of it.  It will put you at the edge of your seat.  This is a must  see video.  Perfect gift idea
B00000IGGA|5.0|I dont know how it happend but somehow some tom waits song titles got tattooed on me. If that dosent constitute being a fan, then I quit. because of my pseudo-obsessive appreciation of mr. waits, I think any review that I  could give would be biased. That initself says something, that an artist  could consistantly, over the period of a lifetime, pump out album after  album of bullseye's, and that just what this is. As for everyones  impression that they are hearing bone machine pt2, We can see just how much  rain dogs, franks wild years, and swordfishtrombone fed off one another  musicaly, it seems to me that this is just another cog in the grand machine  'o waits. My advise to you is; if your wondering if you will like it, you  probably wont. If you already like tom waits and you honistly enjoy  creativity, this should hold you over for the next 7 years.  Ben------stir'en my brandy with a rusty nail ------------
B00000DFRS|1.0|I think it's pretty misleading when the radio and MTV play dance remixes of &quot;It's not right, but it's OK&quot;, and &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot;. I bought the CD expecting these great versions, but instead  got a boring, slow collection of songs with no soul. If I could return it I  would - It's a waste of money!
B000002GF8|4.0|The first album I ever bought, I admit, and it still haunts me to this day. I would sit for hours and listen to Sting's sultry voice over the rich musical production via my dad's headphones and go off into a world of my  (and their) own. Not many other pubescent girls at the time cared much  about the music; they just liked Sting. But I got lost in it. My album sits  somewhere in my parents' house and I'm buying this CD to revive the  experience!
B000000OS2|5.0|I have this on tape, but I wanted the cd, I have listened to this over and over and it is by far one of the best cd's ever made! The songs are great and I never get tired of listening to it. I highly advise anyone that has  not listened to it to get it they will not be sorry!
B000002HD5|5.0|The Afghan Whigs have kept alive what so many other bands have willingly forgotten:  how to rock. Emotionally hard edged, blunt ,and cutting ; \\"Gentleman\\" is not a harbor for the tender heart. This work is  so good it's sinful. I will never be without this disc. And I suggest you  not be without it either.<br /><br />Update 2012: I wore this disc out and purchased a new copy. Still love love it, still recommend it highly.
6301790170|5.0|A remake of the Wages of Fear, this film bombed at the box office, but is a great movie.  Roy Scheider is perfect as an American gangster on the run from the mob, who finds himself in a hell on earth with other criminals  from around the world.  The international cast and foreign locations help  make this a compelling film.  Director Friedkin reportedly wanted Steve  McQueen for the lead, but Scheider delivers.  Remember, if you have to get  out of the country, get a train down to Baltimore and at Customs, ask for  Nat Glick.
B000001TVD|5.0|I remember hearing this song called &quot;Maggot Brain&quot; at about 2am while riding around drunk with a couple of friends back in 1982. We were driving through the historic village of Zoar,Ohio. The combination of  economy brew, the dense night fog, and the tripped out LSD guitar solo made  for one memorable excursion. This is a classic rock recording and I'm glad  it's out on CD. It takes you back to a better time before all this  techno-rap became popular. Fly on Maggot Brain.
0790734060|5.0|Amadeus is by far the best movie I've seen yet! If you like period pieces (let's face it, we all do) get this movie. Often, classical composers seem alien to us or like stuffy old men who wore powdered wigs. Well Mozart's  was pink! It's extremely facinating to watch the unusual life of this  genius. Amadeus made me appreciate Mozart's music so much more.
0767830555|5.0|this movie is in the same class as The Dearhunter, Full metal Jacket, Clockwork Orange, and others that both are worth watching and leave an indelible mark on your mind.
078322706X|5.0|If you don't like this movie, there is something wrong with you.  If Brad Pitt was death, I'd be ready now.  Buy it NOW.
0783216084|5.0|Steven Spielberg's fifth motion picture that had a theatrical release is truly one to be savoured. The sheer brilliance behind the intellectual Matt Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) combined with his decent physical condition + the  raw, animalistic quality of the Ahab-like Quint (Robert Shaw) + the grim  determination behind the Brooklyn-born Martin Brody (Roy Schieder) make for  true cinematic chemistry. After scrutinizing this film's first sequel (it  has three), I realized that the shark, while not as technologically  advanced as, say, the Tyrannosaurus Rex from Speilberg's more recent  &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; (1993), was every bit as convincing and a  tremendous technological achievement 24 years ago that was not improved  upon in &quot;Jaws 2&quot; or, as I gather, any of the other  &quot;Jaws&quot; sequels. Everything about this motion picture clicks, from  its artistic design to its screenplay!
6305064679|5.0|The Full Monty is a funny movie with well developed characters and a great plot. I enjoyed it thouroughly and it really made me laugh. One of the best movies out there. Buy it if you don't already own it. Bill Robinson, Genius  at Work
B00000ILDE|5.0|&quot;Titanic&quot; director James Cameron again weaves an intricate tale of the adventures of the surviving crew member of the Nostromo from &quot;Alien&quot; (1979). One out of two (the other being Cameron's  brilliant &quot;Terminator 2&quot;) sequels that surpassed the original.  This motion picture will be marvelled on DVD and precise scene selection!  Truly a brilliant modern masterpiece!
B00000IFWE|1.0|Well, I thought I'd try Tom Petty again.  I used to be a huge fan; I have all of his albums up to &quot;Full Moon Fever.&quot;<br />Unfortunately, Petty sounds like he's just about had it.  Petty's songs have always been  based upon pretty simple melodies and chord modulations,  but...this..is...ridiculous.  Talk about predictable chord changes.  His  songs no longer sound like effortless gems that were knocked off in 5  minutes.  Oh, they still sound like they were knocked off in 5 minutes, but  effortless &quot;gems&quot; they are not.  His trademark vocal limitations,  while once interesting, are now pretty darn embarrassing.  He sounds like  some drunken lug, slurring his voice up and down in a lazy, boring  way.<br />Maybe I'm just finally burnt out on Tom Petty.  But more likely,  Petty is burnt out himself.
B000002KXV|5.0|Few CD's are such that you can listen to them over and over, year after year, and never tire of them.  But I've been listening to &quot;Nightfly&quot; since the week it hit the stands and it has yet to  fail to be uplifting and relaxing everytime it plays.  And now it's my  young daughter's favorite, too.  &quot;New Frontier&quot; is our favorite  cut, but it is great from beginning to end.  Fagen definitely deserved a  Grammy for this one!
0679457313|5.0|I had expected a well-written story within a postcolonial/Marxist/multicultural/feminist framework.  You don't win the Booker by having nothing to say.  What I found was a text completely  self-aware of its status in a way that strongly promotes Bakhtin's  references to Menippean satire, carnival, and dialogic.  Heteroglossia is  the term of the day, class, in evidence everywhere from the  backward-reading twins to the high &amp; low language, high and low  culture, and the complete rejection of truth in an either/or way.   Arundhati Roy is at the forefront of postcolonial writers completely aware  of their status and completely unencumbered by the direct experience of  their parents with colonial rule.  We will have to find new theories, or  heavily modify old ones, to accomodate such a magnificently self-aware text  steeped in an inexorable sadness.
B000002UB3|5.0|The Beatles were unquestionably the greatest band in rock and roll history, and this is undoubtedly their finest.  Moreover, this was George Martin at his best; this is extremely well-directed and produced.  This is  an absolute masterpiece by four geniuses whose blend is unsurpassed, and  most works today pale by comparison.
0553275976|1.0|Bonfire may be the worst book I've attempted to read in the last five years.  I say &quot;attempted&quot; because I finally became so disgusted with the thought of wasting another second of my life reading this wretched  book, that I at last put it down for good.<br />To be fair, Mr. Wolfe has an  excellent grasp of the 1980's in New York, and from my own experience his  descriptions of bond salesmen are pointedly accurate (allowing for slight  artistic hyperbole).  Unfortunately, his characters so totally fail to  captivate any sypathy/interest/buy-in on the part of the reader, that I  when I would pick up the book to read a chapter or two, I found myself  questioning my own judgement....&quot;Why?&quot;  Some may say that the  shallowness of the characters is exactly what Mr. Wolfe intended -- a  perfect fit for the terribly cliche view of the 80's as the decade of  materialism.  I believe that line of reasoning is just a poor excuse for  bad character development.  I feel no sympathy, distain or otherwise care  at all about any of the characters or what happens to them.  The only  emotion cultivated by this text is one of disappointment that I bothered to  read most of it. <br />Bonfire stands as the only novel I've started and never  finished.  I came to a point where I decided it was better to cut my losses  and ditch the book rather than invest any more time in it.
6305308659|3.0|The first 45 minutes was great. I laughed very hard and caught most if not all of the jokes/old-time references. The movie lost me after an hour, though, as it had said all it needeed to. I thought it spelled too much out  for the viewer and tried way to hard to get across its social-political  messages, which were crammed down our throat (notice there is not a black  person in Pleasantville, but the message of treating people ``of color''  well is made...repeatedly). This film has several Biblical overtones and  references (one instance is a character offering Bud an apple). It is also  full of holes, such as Bud begging the Don Knotts character to go home,  then the do-it-yourself ending without any Oz-like guidance on how to do it  (sorry...I'll trash the ending but I won't give it away). Pleasantville  literally put me to sleep.
0788811355|2.0|This movie is so badly flawed that it defies one's belief it won 'Best Picture' -- oops, I almost forgot, so did 'Titanic'. It just shows how far Hollywood has succeeded in hijacking the public's taste from what essential elements actually constitute a moving and credible movie, to their perception of what is movie-art.    Those of you who came away dewy-eyed after watching this, really need to ask: Can we honestly be entertained by suspending our sense of disbelief and reasoning, by implicitly accepting the director's interpretation of several scenes? The fresh and life-like appearance of the corpse in the desert is one glaring anomaly; add to that in an earlier scene, having firewood lying handily around in a barren terrain inside a cave, to strike a fire is another; successfully effecting an escape from a train in such an exposed and parched environment. What next - a drinking fountain near by?    Some of the saving graces of this movie are the absolutely breathtaking cinematography, giving the desert a real sense of scale and an almost ethereal beauty to its vastness; creating an effective 'atmosphere' and mood with good lighting effects; and restrained, unmelodramatic acting helps give the movie some resonance and depth.    However, in the end, the pace of the film is too slow; flashback scenes become confusing that you get the feeling of being jerked from one storyline to another without warning, with the result that the narrative rhythm is erratic, and the film seems to loose its coherence and flow.    As for the fact that this film won the 'Best Picture' award at the Oscars, does not validate it as a good movie. We all know that the Academy Awards committee is made up from the 'movers' and the 'shakers' in Hollywood, and the ceremony itself is a celebration of self-praise, self-recognition and back-slapping.
6303566448|5.0|lucky me i've got a copy of the unrated version but i have read that they released this on laser disc as collectors item years ago(but who the hell has a laser disc player anymore? the only word to describer this gem is  awesome!!! dvd would rule
B0000004V2|5.0|Looks like I'm being a bit redundant here, since the previous thirty-seven listeners have it bang to rights.  Most albums that everyone loves have at least a few detractors--or at least a few who don't think they're perfect  in every way imaginable--but for obvious reasons, The Stone Roses is an  exception.  About all you can say is, &quot;Just buy it.&quot;  It sounds  trite, and it's the sort of thing many different people say about many  different albums, but this truly is an exception.  It's just impossible to  quantify the virtues of this album.  Since coherent sentence structure is  simply incapable of summing up this album, I will instead say  this:<br />joyfullyecstasyhappinesseuphoriablisssunshinewonderelectricityloveunimaginable<br />Once  you hear it, you will understand.
B00000ILBK|4.0|Any fan of Star Trek will love this movie, which is one of the standouts in the movie series. The characters are much more human; a lot more humor is used; terrific special effects and a great story. Only downside:  Characters are aging and putting on weight. How can an android get  wrinkles?
0790725657|2.0|I was very excited when I heard they were doing  another remake of &quot;A Little Princess&quot; as it was a favorite book of mine.  But why, oh why? must Hollywood think that they can improve on a  classic by drastically  changing the plot?  Ugh. If you loved the book, look for the 1990 version  instead starring Nigel Havers and Amelia Shankley. You'll be *much* happier  with it.
0060235152|5.0|My son (10 months old) loves this book!  At first I thought it was just the big bold pictures, but I have many other Carle books and none of them compare the the reactions I get when I read him this one.  He always picks  it from his stack of books.
0790734311|1.0|Dull, boring... no matter how deep everyone thought the presentation was, the story and ideas portrayed in this movie were still very simplistic.  I prefer Eastwood's &quot;For a Few Dollars More&quot; and &quot;Pale  Rider.&quot;  I also thought Gene Hackman robbed Jack Nicholson for the  Best Supporting Actor that year.  Let's just say that any actor could've  done Gene Hackman's part/character in &quot;Unforgiven,&quot; but only Jack  could've done his Colonel character in &quot;A Few Good Men&quot; the way  he did.  Hackman didn't do anything special...  I like Clint Eastwood and  all, but I don't think this movie deserves all the praise it got at the  Oscars and in reviews.  I think everyone was either Western-starved,  couldn't get enough of Clint Eastwood, or had this &quot;clouded&quot;  viewpoint &quot;just because&quot; it was Clint.  I can't take anything  away from everybody else's opinions, however, I just had to state mine.
B0000069NM|5.0|Backed by the jazz trio Medeski, Martin, and Wood (MMW)  Scofield is allowed to apply his interpretive and free-form jazz style to a solid funk/jazz environment.  MMW's work provides a can't-lose framework, to  which Scofield applies his grainy, gripping style.  The resulting groove is  far beyond that of any previous Scofield or MMW album to date.   On their  own, the two acts beg for the strenghts of the other.  Together, they're  funkified gold.  A must have album.
B000005H40|5.0|This is by far the BEST CD I own.  I can not stop listening to it, and I have many others.  it also spawned my love for jazz, and now I own Monk, davis, and Coltrane...the MAN!!  If you like jazz, like Coltrane, and  appreciate great music, this is the CD for you!
B000002BFZ|2.0|While flashes of &quot;Ten&quot; slendor are evident, the staple of the Seattle bands is loosening with each CD released. Just plain weird doesn't translate into just plain good. I give them props for doing something new,  but bleching into a megaphone is new, too. And about as good. I know at  least 50 bands better than Pearl Jam, Here's a list of a few of them:  King's X, Faith No More, Living Colour, Lenny Kravitz, Sly and the Family  Stone, Bela Fleck and the Flecktones, Korn, Nirvana, Soundgarden, James  Brown, Alice in Chains, Metallica, the Dixie Chicks, the Spice Girls, My  brother' marching band, my yellow rubber band, Yanni... Hey,  Eddie..........what happened???
B00000IP2L|4.0|Hail the return of Heavy Rock!! Love the riffs and the solos are classic Zakk. Production's a bit fuzzy. Nonetheless a great album to crank!
1878424319|5.0|Very practical, very spiritual advic
6304675348|4.0|Scream, the title describes exactly what you do when you see this film, it's scary and exciting. It's a real thriller and certainly a chiller. Courtney Cox plays her role brilliantly as does the rest of the cast, the  director did a brilliant job too. Well worth seeing!
B000003Z12|5.0|the skies the limit when listening to neal on this release. from &quot;big moon&quot; through the end it is a &quot;JOURNEY&quot; you will take over and over.......you will enjoy this!
0684833395|5.0|This is one of those books I routinely crack open to read a random passage.  As long as Milo is in it I'm probably going to laugh.
6300216047|5.0|okay, so it was a cheesy, free love, somewhat confusing movie but with all that eye candy, psychotic little twins, and the Great Tyrant seemingly needing to seduce everyone who may enter her castle, it is well worth  watching..repeatedly as a matter of fact.
B000003TA4|5.0|Well is there anything about this CD that hasn't already been said? It's a great, great CD that is a must buy for rock fans. I don't know if every music fan in the world should own this because it is a hard and sometimes  violent look on life. It hooks you in with &quot;Smells Like Teen  Spirit&quot; and may even have you hooked through the long silence of  &quot;Something in the Way&quot;.
0345350499|5.0|This book's length intimidated me, but I found myself having to ration the last 300 pages so that I didn't &quot;eat up&quot; too much at one time. I didn't want it to end. The characters were very well developed, and this  book really stands out among the prequels/etc. that Bradley has written. Do  yourself a favor and check it out!
B000002I25|5.0|The first Doors album is probably one-a the best things to ever grace the face of a disc.  (vinyl, CD, whatever u please...)  For those movie buffs out there, &quot;Break on Through&quot; has been used countless times in  film.  (Example: Forrest Gump)  &quot;The End&quot; was used in Francis  Ford Coppola's Apocalypse Now.  Musically, the album has been acclaimed all  over the world...  it practically defines a generation.  It hasn't failed  in its influence even today upon 90's groups.  of course, I'm a hippie at  heart, but that's besides the point.  Pleeeeeeease...  buy, listen, and  enjoy.  You're in for one of the rides of your life.
B000001FAY|5.0|Why the h--- does everybody hate this CD? I know...because it doesn't sound like the original Cream recordings. Well, I as a music fan believe that no track on this album is weak. God save the Cream.
0671004107|5.0|At first I dont had read the book and I did not miss anything, but a very short time after finishing, I began to think about what I've read and now I say: the film or the book is really not from this world. In our world we  try to dominate us and make us very sad...FOR NOTHING! And that was not the  only Thought, Carl Sagan(Owner of the Pullitzerprice) means; the most of us  have one no changing point of view, In case we would change this point,  perhaps we would come to other, maybe better decisions! All time  Favourite...
0374172897|5.0|Similar to Tony Kusher's epic play, &quot;Angels in America,&quot; Michael Cunningham manages to traverse time and space to give us three inter-connecting character studies that seem independent of one another  until the final pages.  With bullseye accuracy, Cunningham allows us to  share the most trivial joys as well as the deepest despairs of these  people, blurring the lines as he goes.  None of Cunningham's characters (in  any of his works) are cookie-cutter figures that fall on one side or the  other.  These people are not all that likable at times, but still we have  compassion for their plights.  Cunningham repeatedly breaks the rules of  fiction writing with stunning results.  If you are looking for a  traditional work, try either &quot;Flesh and Blood&quot; or &quot;A Home at  the End of the World,&quot; my personal favorite.  This is one author with  such an impressive body of work, he deserves to be read and re-read time  and again.
B00000ILBK|5.0|I'm what you'd call a die hard Star Trek fan.  I used to think THE WRATH OF KAHN was the best Star Trek, but this one comes very close.  It's funny, action-packed, and will make you think.  Very entertaining, even if you are  not into Sar Trek.
0385493800|3.0|this is my first john grisham novel.  i know that is suprising since he has numerous best sellers.  i liked &quot;the testament.&quot;  i found the characters interesting and i enjoyed the adventures in brazil.  i  especially enjoyed the phelan heirs.  i also found that the book is a good  parable of the emptiness of money and the fulfillment that spirtuality can  bring.  but the conversion of nate o'reilly was confusing.  when did he  become a christian?  plus, after a prayer he immediately dropped his  alcoholism.  grisham left off alot of the details of his conversion and him  changing his life.  if grisham was trying to give a spiritual story i think  he failed, but nonetheless i thought the book was pretty good.  he  addressed issues that our society needs to hear and he did it pretty well.
B0000009SM|5.0|Can you believe that this music was generally shunned by the listening public when it was released? In it you will find enough to listen to for a lifetime. You can leave it in your CD player for weeks at a time (with  repeat on) and not worry. Inca Roads itself is one of the greatest examples  of popular music recorded. And if you like guitar solos there are beauts on  this collection as well. Buy it now. Don't debate.
0393317552|5.0|An excellent book covering a lot of territory. Jared Diamond presents the material in a fascinating, readable fashion. His arguments are very well laid out, and he pays special attention to maintaining the unity of his  argument. It also demonstrates brilliantly how rational thinking unravels a  mystery.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I am so glad that Sara is coming out with a new album. It has been a while! I am your biggest fan. I have traveled to differant states just to hear your concerts! Keep up the good work, it is excelant!!!
6300151379|5.0|Dec 1998 this and Princess Bride were restocked at Sun Coast Video locations.  I was told that they were both re-released together.  Just went to get a copy for a gift and here it is discontinued again.  What is wrong  with these distributers?  Also, if you think that the move is good .. you  should try to get your hands on the 1 hour &quot;Making OF Labyrinth.&quot;   I rented it once from a Blockbuster and it was simply amazing. (Seems that  Bowie *really* liked that young lady)  BTW: Connely was perfect in Dark  City
0385491026|5.0|Atwood recalls effortlessly what it is like to be a preteen girl trying desparately to be liked by your peers.  Her memories are so vividly detailed that this book takes a while to get through--you will want to  savor it to do it justice.<br />Elaine, a celebrated middle-aged artist,  returns to Toronto, where she grew up.  While there, she relives her  childhood memories through a series of flashbacks.  Through these memories  she comes to understand herself and her work much better.  Elaine realizes,  as does the reader, that the things that happen in our childhood stay with  us forever, shaping our lives and choosing the paths we take.
B00000IQMT|4.0|We should never be so complacent to believe that John Williams would just rehash all the existing themes. These are a new set of films for a new generation. However, with the very occasional nod to Vader, the Emperor,  Yoda and the Force, Williams deftly reminds us that this is still a part of  a grander saga. The CD is lacking in only a few minor respects. It  certainly doesn't seem complete without the Fox Fanfare: this is always an  integral part of the Star Wars experience, heralding the beginning of an  incredible adventure. There also appear to be very few, if any,  individual  motifs for specific characters. (Although Anakin is the exception). The  spoilers on the track listing were unwelcome, and I'm sure that with a  little imagination some alternative titles could have been found. However,  this shouldn't detract from the music, which is performed magnificently  throughout. The 'End Credits' is a personal favourite. Now I know what I'll  be hearing while I wait for the attendees of the previous screening to exit  the theatre before I'm allowed in. The non-Star Wars fans who hear 'Duel Of  The Fates' for the first time in this way will be wondering what they're  letting themselves in for!
B00000IP2L|5.0|Killer Cd front to back. Zakk is back in a big way. Heaviest stuff to date. Almost better then Pride &amp; Glory. I ask that all rockers join the Black Label Society.
0060930349|5.0|This is the best one volume history of the American people that is available.  It deals with all aspects of our history, from the high points to the low points of our past. It is both opinionated and intellectually  honest.  Mr. Johnson admits that he opinionated at the very beginning.  His  views are not fashionable but he does not try to make it fashionable.
0792139771|5.0|I think people take the movies (and themselves) a little too seriously.  While Braveheart may not have been historically accurate, it was intense, gripping and majestic.  The choreography and special effects were amazing.   It was never billed as a substitute for history and I will make a further  point which is often belabored, but history taught in schools or recorded  in books is never 100% true either...  the movie's a romantic adaption  loosely based on the past.  All's fair, and I know that when I see a movie  and it completely defies logic where computers/physics, etc, are concerned,  I find it difficult to like, but if it's well made I try to overcome that.   So maybe the history buffs/professors out there can re-think their opinion  on this excellent drama.
B00000BKDV|4.0|It took awhile for me to get into Piece of Mind: I have to listen to albums at least 6 times through before I can &quot;break them in&quot; and start to enjoy them. Piece of Mind took awhile, but I now see why a lot of  people cite this as Maiden's best. Strong songs, all of them. &quot;Where  Eagles Dare&quot;,&quot;Revelations&quot;,&quot;Flight of Icarus&quot;,  etc. For some disturbing reason I even like &quot;Quest for Fire&quot;,  though the cheese-meter is going off the scale on that one. And the songs  sound fantastic live, a major plus. I didn't give it five stars because  other maiden albums grab me more with more powerful song-writing, such as  Number of the Beast and Powerslave, but Piece of Mind does metal, and does  metal very well, thank you.
0684867621|2.0|I have read almost everything Stephen King ever wrote and loved it up. This time however, I was quite disappointed. The book is (YAWN) really very slow and the plot is too simple. It would have been a better 50-70 page  short story - maybe that's what it was originally and it was just stretched  out to be a (very short) novel.<br />For example, my wife asked me what the  book was about and I was able to explain the plot, characters and climax to  her in about 2 minutes flat. Not what I expect from Stephen King.<br />In  short, not worth the money.
6302800897|5.0|Not only are the courtroom scenes realistic (although Stewart's dramatic courtroom conduct, is unnecessary in today's films, it fit into the time-period for the film), but also the &quot;lawyering&quot; was  especially honest and well portrayed.  This film is frequently listed by  State Bar Associations as top rate and recommended to lawyers for viewing,  being listed way above the &quot;lawyer&quot; films that have been released  over the past 15 years.
6303168507|5.0|Not only is this masterpiece the greatest film ever made, it can be considered one of mankind's greatest artistic achievements, to be compared with the best of Mozart, Shakespeare and Michelangelo. Using the subtle but  startling shadings only black and white cinema can produce Steven Speilberg  has created a protean achievement both thought-provoking and shattering in  content and scope. Ralph Fiennes frightening portrayal of the concentration  camp commandant shows the horrifying side of a human both sad and twisted.  Liam Neeson and Ben Kingsley give performances equally compelling. John  Williams musical score is flawless, evoking an emotional response without  overcoming this disturbing story about a German industrialist who slowly  learns about the Holocaust and tries to save the few Jews he can from  certain death. This miraculous piece of cinema should be required viewing  for anyone interested in the human condition and the depths and heights to  which we all can reach.
B00000DLVA|5.0|i've been a Cardigfan for years now and i absolutely love their latest album! i agree that it's a different sound from the previous albums but i love the change. the Cardigans are musical geniuses, don't leave them  now.....
0609603086|1.0|Other's have written worse stories; fortunately they were not published. Comic books have had more believable plots.
B0000028RR|5.0|Tom is the best gutar player that I have ever heared in all my life.  the music is just awsome and it kicks butt.  in my opinion they are no. 1 my favorite songs are bullet in the head, wake up, fist full of steel and  killing in the name of.
0880790121|5.0|I had been searching for a tarot deck that &quot;speaks to me&quot; for years... I use Rider Waite consistently for readings and have purchased [and been disappointed in] many, many others.  I orderd the Sacred Rose  Tarot, telling myself not to get my hopes up and was stunned when I opened  the box.  The artwork is simply gorgeous, amazing colors and symbology that  grabs you on a cellular level.  As I went through the deck, card by card, I  found one more beautiful than the next.  I couldn't stop looking at it the  first day.  This deck has enhanced my readings immeasurably!  A truly  stunning work, a piece of art.
B000002L3P|5.0|For a blues neophtye, I found this CD to be just what needed to be heard now that SRV is gone. The first track just snaps right out and energy is top level all the way through to Ledbetter Heights.  This CD is a must for  anyone looking for more sounds of blues like Stevie Ray Vaughn.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Mule variations is both my first Tom Waits CD and my first purchase from Amazon.Com. The service was provided as promised and then Waits blew away my expectations. His lyrics and the phrasing of those lyrics is reminescent  of 70's Springsteen. Waits projects raw feelings and story telling like no  one since Dylan. Where has Tom been all my life and why haven't heard of  him until now?????
0783229887|4.0|If u liked the other ones u will like this one. Eventhough it as nothing to do with andy it is still good.
B00000IFWE|1.0|If this disappointing mess is the best these guys can do after this period of time, they should hang it up.  If they hadn't already acheived their stature, they'd be just another garage band having trouble booking gigs.  Studio outtakes from previous recordings alone, by contrast, readily  demonstrate the drop off in quality with this release.  In the immortal  words of H. Ross Perot, &quot;It's just sad.&quot;
0553562355|5.0|I've never really been one for Love Stories, and I avoided Erich Segal like the plague.. well I really missed out on something wonderful for a very long time. Richard Bach first showed me that a love story can be very  interesting reading.  Segal showed me how well it can be written. Man Woman  and Child is one of the best books I have read, ever.  What I loved the  most was the crispness of the book. It took me about an hour to finish the  book.  It's been ages since I finished a book so fast.  And it's a great  thing, because this is one book you DON'T want to leave halfway. Sheila  Beckwith is a beautifully sketched character.  You can't help it, your  heart goes out to her.  The most striking thing is the realism.  How can an  author get into the minds of his characters, and be so realistic about it.  I honestly didn't see the real need to bring in Dr. Gavin Wilson.  If you  think he was really essential to the story, please tell me why.  I would  have rather had Sheila not bothered by temptation, but then I am an  idealist.  I think this book really brings out what most men secretly  believe, Fidelity.  And more than that it reassures that Love really does  supersede everything else.  You can beat anything, as long as there's love.  Great Book.. If you haven't read it yet, READ IT!
0385493800|4.0|I really love reading Grisham... and  The Testament was another book I couldn't put down. And the ending was really realistic, and the only acceptable ending possible. But still, it didn't have the  &quot;something&quot; that The Rainmaker, and The Runaway Jury had.  Actually, every one of Grisham's books has been amazing, right upto Street  Lawyer, and yes, even the Testament. The Testament is a very different  book.  Actually, kudos to Grisham for such a dramatic style change.  And  this book is a MUST READ, if you ever liked anything by Grisham.   But be  warned.  This is a rahter predictable,  feel-good-about-the-good-people-of-the-earth book. Predictable, because you  don't expect Grisham to be stupidly unrealistic.  All in all, a MUST READ,  once again!
B000002J09|5.0|Been listening to these guys since 1969, it seems  that they are like fine wine; just keep getting  better with age!
0812548094|1.0|The only thing more saddening than Goodkind's abysmal writing style, unrealistic and childish world and stereotypical characters seems to be the apparent legions of fans who proclaim him as the best thing since sliced  bread (which, I suppose, would be correct if that is your perspective.   Sigh.  I just hope no other publishers will put forth similar drivel to  cash in on the indiscriminate market of escapist pulp fantasy.
B00000I8UD|4.0|I've followed Sylvian for about 15 years now. Dead Bees continues his forays into some pretty hard music--both intellectually and in terms of instrumentation. His previous studio album, The First Day was a real change  from previous work, and this extends the shift. Life with Ingrid Chavez  evidently agrees with him! I think I will always find it hard to believe  that Brilliant Trees will be surpassed for completeness as an album, but  Dead Bees on a Cake has some beautiful, beautiful songs. And, of course,  I've only listened  3 or 4 times so far. What I can say with confidence is  that, even if the course of Sylvian's music flows in new directions, the  current is strong and the river deep enough to carry you onto new  discoveries. Sylvian expresses his own sense of wonder in enchanting ways.
0590353403|5.0|I didn't expect this book to live up to the high reviews that it had.  I'm alittle prejudiced about books about boys, and I didn't think anyone could outwrite [my favorite author].  This proves that someone could.  Harry  Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone is one of the best books I've read since I  discovered the Tamora Pierce books a year ago.  The thickness of the book  can set some kids off, as can the beginning (it takes a while to  &quot;slosh through&quot;) but NEVER put the book down until Harry gets to  Hogwarts- and then you'll find that you can't.  I wish that I could go to  Hogwarts!  A MUST READ for everyone!
B00000IBRX|5.0|If you dare to think about and explore the unknown of life after life then you are up to this absolutely soulful film.  For the spiritually starved this is your Thanksgiving dinner.
0767819462|5.0|Heartwarming, touching, great acting. Two thumbs up for Susan Sarandon. Don't forget the tissues because no matter who you are this one is going to pull at your heart strings.
B000001G89|5.0|PLS SEND ME A MESSAGE WITH YOUR COMMENTS. MY DAD HAS NOT DECIDE YET!!!. HE THINKS IS VERY EXPENSIVE.
B000002UJQ|5.0|&quot;OK Computer&quot; is brilliant. Period. Trying to explain why does a disservice to Radiohead (and much of it has been said already in previous posts).  I rarely pay full retail price for a CD, but I did for this one.   And it's worth every penny.
0783229100|5.0|Two con men during prohabition team up to pull off one of the biggest con games around -- gambling.  Loads of laughs and action.  Just when you think you've figured it out, it takes yet another zig-zag!!
B000002OVJ|5.0|Since 1975 I've bought fifteen copies of this album because I would play each one until it was worn out! This is what the Who was all about-sheer live power and passion that left those other British bands in the dust.  After listening to this album for the first time in 1975, I saved my money  and bought a guitar. Thank God for the reissue. Now I won't have to buy the  bootleg.
0767822617|5.0|Two star crossed lovers during the 40's meet in college.  They end up marrying only to discover they were not the people they were in college.  It's called growing up.<br />There's still quite a bit of truth to this flick  even in today's crazy world of high divorce rate.  Just when you genuinely  think you really and truly know someone, it turns out maybe you really  don't!
0767830555|5.0|Taxi Driver is a must see for everyone interested in film.  A perfect mix of story, characters, and music, Taxi Driver has it all.  DeNiro playing the tragic hero has never been better.  Simply the best movie ever made!
0380973464|4.0|Fast-paced and funny, Cryptonomicon deftly zips through multiple generations and subplots. The storylines are vast and intricate, and the synchronicities are resolved even more neatly than in NS's previous novels  (which I loved). <br />While Cryptonomicon isn't science fiction (it's more  like Zodiac than Snow Crash or Diamond Age), it does have a high geek  quotient; the main characters break into elaborate mathematical expressions  as if they were songs in a Broadway musical. Equations and graphs  are used  to develop funny and endearing characters (really!). If NS wrote textbooks,  I'd have looked forward to my 8am calculus class.<br />I missed the clever  gadgetry and stunning imagery of Snow Crash and The Diamond Age, but I  think Cryptonomicon is probably the best whole work yet from NS. The story  sustains itself consistently, and it's a great read all the way through; as  complex as the plot got, I never found myself floundering in the story's  wake.<br />Definitely recommended!
0783204914|5.0|As in [[ASIN:6305065551 Devil's Advocate]] Al Pacino runs away with the show, but this time he has a costar (Chris O'Donnell) who was properly cast for his role.<br /><br />Once again, the subtle touches overwhelm--Pacino's ability to  stare ahead without his eyes focusing (he slips once), the way he walks  down the steps at his brother's house, his ability to effectively use  profanity. The man is superb.<br /><br />If only he would play fewer cop/criminal  roles, and test the full range of his abilities.
B000002NIW|5.0|This band is my favorite band!! If they are hard songs like &quot;My Own Summer&quot;, &quot;rickets&quot;, there's some emotional songs like &quot;Mascara&quot;, &quot;Be Quiet And Drive&quot;, AND there's also songs  with a mixture of rap in it like &quot;Lotion&quot;, and  &quot;Headup&quot;. My favorite song is Mascara. If you're looking for  something new, you have to get this. It has good hi-hop-ish beats, and a  powerful guitar with good riffs, and emotional lyrics. You'll never get  board of it too. P.S. I hate the guy who gave this CD 2 stars....
0345350499|5.0|I read this book a couple of years ago and I have read a lot of books since then, and this one is still the best book I have ever read. It gives an amazing, feminine perspective on the times of King Arthur, and for me it  defined a great turning point in my spirituality. The themes of goddesses,  priestessess and pagansim are really fascinating and I would recommend this  book to absolutely anyone, even if they aren't into fantasy or historical  books. Truly a worth-while read!
630471288X|5.0|Each time I watch this film, I discover even more meaning. Based on &quot;The Wrong Man&quot; thesis, this work is artful, poetic (especially Redd's narrative), poignant, and riveting. It will undoubedly move you and  leave you with a victorious feeling.
0399143904|5.0|Once again, Clancy does his homework and comes out with something that is technically believable, although I have to admit the plot is stretching the envelope of believability.  I have but one bone to grind with Clancy, who  made his mark by being technically accurate (yes - this is nit-picking).   Re the Schloss sequence, infra-red goggles cannot see through closed  windows.  They will reflect the temperature of the glass, and a person  behind the window will remain hidden, unless he presses himself against the  glass.  Sorry Tom, you messed up there.  <br />But that's the only fault I can  find.  Good job.
0880381736|5.0|This is a classic.  One of the greatest books I have ever read.  I'm hoping someone is brilliant enough to make a movie on the trilogy.
B000002GJH|5.0|reading all the negative reviews made me realize that not a single one of them got it right, so you should figure this is an essential buy. first of all, i don't think it sounds more like soundgarden than pearl jam; that's  just flat out wrong, especially looking at the soundgarden album closest to  temple, 'badmotorfinger'. if chris' new album is anything like this or  'seasons' from the singles soundtrack it will be worth it, too. anyone who  trashes this album for not being like 'hunger strike' should just be shot;  it's as simple as that. granted, this album carries a lot of personal  emotional attachment for me, but i'm going to pretend to be objective.   mike mccready has never played this well or fluidly since. he's moved on  into a whole new style, but this was still back when he was a good old  hendrix/stevie ray disciple and it's great to hear. cameron and ament make  a solid rhythm section and make odd time signatures sound so right. people  seem to laud the singles and early tracks on this album, but to me,  'four-walled world' and 'all-night thing' were always the best. even 'call  me a dog', which i initially disliked, has become a favorite, if only for  the amazing guitar solo. this album hearkens back to a simpler time when  grunge was good and we weren't afraid to like a good rock band.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Phil Collins is one of the most soulful singers on the planet: I bought this CD for one track alone, &quot;Against All Odds&quot;, one of the best-written love songs ever to grace our ears. How many songs do you know  of that say &quot;I Love You&quot; in such a heart-tugging, non-cliched  way...&quot;You're the only one, who really knew me at all...how can you  just walk away from me?&quot; It always brings me to tears. Yea, the other  tracks on here are wonderful too (&quot;I Wish It Would Rain Down&quot;,  &quot;Easy Lover&quot;, &quot;Another Day...&quot;), but that one song is  worth it to hear with the clarity of a CD player. If you love Phil Collins  but don't have the cash to drop on all of his work, then this is essential  to your collection. GET IT NOW!!!
B000001ES4|5.0|If you like etheral feelings and enchantment then this is the music you want. It is peaceful and deep. Lets you forget your worries...
0385486804|4.0|An extremely well written book that makes us familiar with a very different lifestyle -- people who enjoy, and exalt themselves in, what many of us would consider unremitting pain and isolation.  Sympathetic  fellow-traveller journalist Krakauer reviews the life of Christopher  McCandless, a young man who died trying to survive alone in the Alaskan  wilderness, and through his life and death give us an understanding of the  urges to solitude and deprivation that gave McCandless such fulfillment yet  led to his death.<br />In these days when anything dangerous is viewed with  great suspicion, it is valuable to read something that shows us that risky  behavior can be, for whatever reason, immensely fulfilling to those who  knowingly choose to engage in it.  McCandless, dying and knowing he was  dying, made it as clear as he could that he wouldn't change a single major  choice he made in his doomed young life.  Krakauer does a fine job  describing both the attractions of McCandless's lifestyle and the traps  inherent in it that led to McCandless's death.
B000002JA8|1.0|Absolutely awful.  If you want some good Pets check out there greatest hits or buy their first album Actually.  This is a bunch of disco mish mash, with one good song, &quot;Before&quot;, otherwise forget it.  That is  why I give it 2 stars instead of 1, because there is one good song....Save  your $, and buy the single....Never mind I change it to 1 star.
B000003TBP|5.0|This CD is really cool. I like everything about it. The lyrics are the most messed up things I have ever heard! (i.e: heads are hanging from the garbage man trees, mouthwash,jukebox,gasoline.)Funny as hell. I can think  up my own beck song right now,       Little green munchkin men sleeping in  my       shoe.      They bit off my toes and ate my poo-poo I love the  beats and also how in the middle of a song, some strange sequence will come  out of nowhere. Its really um,,, diffrent.
B000002MFN|3.0|I love Madonna, yes I do, but this is her worst CD of her career.  There are some good cuts like &quot;Deeper &amp; Deeper&quot;, &quot;Bad Girl&quot;, and &quot;Rain&quot;, but it loses it with R&amp;B distortion,  and overly explicit lyrics.  Thank god for &quot;Ray of Light&quot;,  Madonnas best yet, this one misses the boat slightly......
B000002UAX|5.0|Well, I could not say it any better than what the &quot;somebody who knows&quot; has written below, so this review is just to help bump up the average rating to 5 stars, where this album obviously belongs.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This is an intellectual masterpiece waltzing its way through life, death, and love.  The people that I've talked to that didn't like the movie commented on things that I attribute to the intellectual nature of it.  It  far surpasses any other movie I have seen on the big screen or on video.   Not only is it a brilliant love story, but it is also a masterpiece of  intellect.  It challenges your thoughts, emotions, and beliefs.  It makes  you cherish what you have in your life.  It is also a statement to how  precarious life is.  That is something that we all should realize and  cherish.  Especially, after the events around the country lately.  Hug your  spouses, significant others, children and parents.  They can be taken from  us at a moments notice.
0767833058|5.0|I'll tell you how much I like this movie. I bought the VHS and soundtrack no more than six weeks ago and upon discovering its DVD availability, I immediately hit &quot;1-Click&quot;.<br />I can't think of another Western in  the 15 years since this film was released that I enjoyed more, not even  &quot;Lonesome Dove&quot;, and that's saying a lot.  I was praying that it  would be released on DVD and it's nice to know my prayers were  answered.<br />The cast is one of the finest of the mid-Eighties: Danny  Glover, Kevin Kline, Scott Glenn, Kevin Costner, Jeff Goldblum, Linda Hunt,  John Cleese, and Brian Dennehy.  And these are just the  principals.<br />Silverado is a sweeping Western demi-epic that takes some  classic genre cliches and weaves them into a modern classic, emboldened by  Bruce Boughton's masterful score.  The master of this all is co-writer and  director Lawrence Kasdan, who has given us some other gems like &quot;Body  Heat&quot; and &quot;The Big Chill&quot;.<br />This DVD release is great news  and the only thing that could make me happier is to find that additional  scenes featuring Rosanna Arquette, deleted from the theatrical release,  appear somewhere on the DVD.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I got the soundtrack yesterday and listened to all 73 min. of it.  I ABSOLUTLY LOVED IT.  It combined everything to make a perfect album.  I escpecially liked Anakin's Theme with a hint of the Imperial March (From  ESB) and Augie's Municipal Band, really great!
0767802519|5.0|This film compares to no other... It has so much to offer in under two hours that it leaves you feeling like you have just lived the story line. Jean Reno is a highly talented actor who brings definition to his character  and fuses the action with the drama excellently. Natalie Portman also  brings her young talents to life within this film to make it an all time  great, although less talented than Reno their on screen chemistry is spell  binding.<br />Gary Oldman is an excellent actor in his own right but in Leon  he takes the psychopathic cop characterism to another level, he is so  believably hardened that he gives the film that added realism. Danny Aiello  as the supporting actor does a superb job because he makes you not want to  like him although he is helping the lead character (Leon) out.<br />With  another level of action movie realism which sends this film into orbit  above the other contenders it is hard to see any faults within this film.  Luc Besson's direction is the linch-pin which holds such a volatile plot  line and high paced acting together to give it definition.  Although some  of the scenery actors over emphasize their parts and in particular the SWAT  teams over New York-ized accents kill off the realism, the movies good  sides out shine the bad.<br />Simply one of the best movies of any  generation...
0393312836|5.0|I saw the movie before reading the book, and I'm a big kubrick fan, so I of course loved it.  Them I decided to read the book. I just couldn't stop reading it, i finished it in two days, and I also loved it.  Both the book  and the movie are really good, but the movie doesn't have the last chapter,  so now after reading the book I'll feel like there's something missing.   But it's still a very good movie, and a real horrorshow book.
B000002G7E|5.0|A complete original. &quot;White Light/White Heat&quot; takes the listener on a speed trip via feedback, crunchy (is there a better way to describe the riff in &quot;Sister Ray&quot;?) and molten slabs of guitar excess, and  easily the least commercial lyrics of 1968 (or any other year, really).  Anyone who owns &quot;Nevermind&quot; or &quot;the downward spiral&quot;  and doesn't have this, is both history-challenged and negligent. A  milestone in the chronology of rock guitar, to be treasured right next to  &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot;.
0385484518|5.0|Don't be fooled by the New York Times Book Review, this book is excellent! If you are like me you will read the book, come away from the experience with hope and a greater sense of what really matters in life, and then  wonder if the critic read the same book!  A critic will say: &quot;despite  it's obvious charm and good nature of both author and subject&quot;, yada,  yada, yada,... but discount this negative statement.  There is a reason why  this book is being passed around in circles of friends and families.  I  only wish I had an entire case of this book so that I could pass copies out  to the people I care about.
B00000IP2L|5.0|Zakk has outdone himself once again there's nothing this man can't do.  I've been anticipating this release since I heard about it being released in Japan last october.  From the opening track bored to tears to the last  beginning...at last the is one of the hardest rocking albums of the year.  the five star rating isn't enough so I give it 10 stars because that is  what this album is worthy of!!!!!!!!
6302732786|5.0|I saw this video on MTV the year it happened and just snippets again on the VH1 Legends special.  George Michael doing somebody to love...Incredible!!  Re-release now pleeeease!
6305128952|4.0|I'd say this is the most visually gorgeous movie I've seen in a long time.  The scenes between Redford and the horse are SO lyrical and lovely that you could throw out the movie and just leave in those shots!  Beautiful,  beautiful cinematography.<br />I really loved the daughter in this movie,  which reminded me somewhat of the daughter in Stepmom.  The actress who  plays her, though, does a STUNNING job giving her a bitterness that most  adolescent actresses miss when playing these sort of parts.  In fact, her  character's relationships with her mother and Redford was so compelling  that it quickly overshadows the romance between Redford and Thomas, which  honestly has little chemistry.<br />However, as much as I loved her character,  I HATED Redford's acting as the Horse Whisperer.  He plays the Mystical  Healer with as much cliche and vanity as she plays the daughter with anger  and pain.  Kristin Scott Thomas's acting style is understated and subtle;  yet, to Redford's wooden smiles, she's by contrast a spasm of passion.   <br />I still highly recommend the film.  If you swoon to Redford, this will  probably work for you.  Otherwise, you may find Redford's  self-aggrandizement to be a crutch to this film.
B000000IVW|5.0|I got this when I was 15 and I am 25 now.  This was and still is my fav cd.  I love the way that the music is done raw and heavy.  Ever since then the music is getting softer.  I still say that Axl and the boys need to  come out with something new.  Along the lines of appitite.
0800130928|5.0|De Niro's infamous &quot;Are you talking to me?&quot; is Taxi Driver's calling card, but it is also a fascinating commentary on society, our heroes, and the nature of celebrity.  De Niro's performance as the  misguided Travis Bickle is one of his best, and Paul Scrader's brilliant  screenplay is expertly directed by Scorsese.  Travis has been cheated by  the American Dream he believes in so feverishly.  He tries to grab his  little paradise, but simply lacks the tools to reach it.  Travis is a  tragic figure.  He just wants to be like everybody else, but he's not.  His  rage eventually takes him and the viewer to places he did not expect.
6305229449|5.0|Mulan is a character unlike any other Disney heroine.  She lives for a purpose of bringing herself and her family, honor.  She fights, not only the Huns, but also Chinese tradition.  All that she does and says is  powerful.  Other characters present humor and irony, making the film cute  and sending a strong inspiration to be yourself and strive for the best.   The music, including &quot;Reflection&quot;, is well performed and composed  (voices of Lea Salonga, Donny Osmond, Ming-Na Wen, Eddie Murphy, etc.).   Orchestrations from this movie were nominated for the Oscars.  The  animation combines typical Disney styles with touches of Chinese art.  This  is truly a moving story with some breathtaking animation thanks to computer  technology.
6304057709|5.0|To say the film is beautifully shot is woefully understating the obvious.  But, unlike many costume flicks, the visuals don't seem fussy or educational.  You realize you are in beautiful places without being forced  that down your throat.<br />Emma Thompson's performance as the older Dashwood  is the crux of the film.  In the dark moments of the film, she is hopeful.   In the light moments, she seems wary.  As someone who has sense should be  played.  But, the severity of their situation and her romantic situation is  also poignantly played by Emma Thompson.  Kate Winslet is good too, and  their chemistry as sisters is perfect.  You really believe they were.  What  you remember about the movie is not the romance, but the shared struggles  of these two sisters (the littlest one merely is comic foil.)  As close to  a Austen hankie as you're gonna get!
B000002LEM|5.0|Sammy was what made Van Halen so big. It was stupid for them to get rid of him. Anyway, if you are a Van Halen fan then you need this album.
6304383827|4.0|There are alot of ways to play Emma.  Paltrow's version is *very* sympathetic and adorable, which can jibe with those who don't like the Emma character very much.  She makes alot of faces and her English is full of  ohhs and emms, which helps to soften the ramifications and motivations for  her meddling.  Given the light, playful tone of the film, it works  perfectly.<br />I like this adaptation.  Winning and very enjoyable.
B000002L99|5.0|This is an awesome first album with Sammy on vocals. He was definetly their best singer. Take my word for it, if you are a Van Halen fan you will like it if you don't already have it.
6304595247|2.0|Well, this movie has 2 things going on it.  The scenes and moors are authentic, as it was shot in the same location where the Brontes lived.  And, it's the only one that faithfully follows the ENTIRE plot.<br />But,  otherwise, this movie is just not very good.  Juliette Binoche is simply  miscast as Catherine; as the 2nd generation one, she simply looks too old.   Ralph Feinnes, however, was a MAJOR disappointment.  I've always seen the  brooding actor as a perfect choice for Heathcliff, and he definitely  conveys Heathcliff's agony and vengeful, dark nature.  However, though it  is admirable that he depicts Heathcliff's villainy without any romantic  cushion, his depiction is nevertheless one-dimensional.  Fienne's  Heathcliff is either tortured or brutal.  There's little humanity in here  to suggest why he would have such a love for Catherine.  Honestly, he seems  more cartoon than a real man.  Without an equally passionate performance by  Binoche to balance his, their love seem merely perverse and almost funny in  its melodrama.<br />Ironically, the pairing of the two works wonderfully in  the English Patient, when she is emotional but pleasant and he tortured but  with humor.  Being a major fan of the book and a fan of Fiennes, I felt the  movie was a truly wasted opportunity.
B000001EHS|5.0|Of course I'm giving it five stars. Not only is it their greatest hits but it's Def Leppard, and Def Leppard is one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands ever made.
0788811355|4.0|This is probably one of my top 2 or 3 favorite romantic movies of all time.  Basically for all the things critics and fans describe.  But, even without its unique plot device, the movie is essentially a collection of  powerful, moving scenes that do not quite add up in power as it should.   Rather than being epic, it feels episodic, albeit many of these episodes  are great.  Rather than being sprawling, it feels long and at times  self-conscious, though it's nevertheless grand.  Thus, to enjoy the impact  of the film, I prefer rewatching certain scenes rather the whole movie.
B000002BMV|5.0|I think this is Journey's greatest album they have ever made. Every song is great and I'm glad that they continue to such make great music.
6304938241|5.0|Having not read the book, I thought the movie itself was extremely moving.  Unlike, say, a typical Merchant-Ivory production, it's well-paced, yet dense too with insinuations in the dialogue, images, and actors.  I got  more out of it with repeated watchings without wanting to skip to certain  parts in the movie.  Also, like the English Patient, the contrast of two  locations beautifully underlines the emotions and relationships in the  film.  Ultimately, though, all the relationships in the movie ring true.   Though there is much manipulation, there are moments of true friendship  between the two female leads.  Helen Bonham Carter's acting should have won  Oscar if nothing but to prevent her character from becoming a utter  villian.  Though Milly is the typical innocent martyr, Alison Elliot  refuses to make Milly naive or even innocent; she radiates with bittersweet  life and warmth which makes her compassion for her two friends palpable.   The guy the middle, Merton, is wonderfully played by Linus Roache.  He's  passionate and principled, yet worldly and nondogmatic, making us  understand how he could appeal to both Millie and Kate.  The movie succeeds  best in depicting subtle, believable connections between these three  people, hightening the tragedy of it.  Even if you're into costume flicks,  this is worthy fare.
B000002UY5|5.0|It's shame that Blind Melon is no longer a band and that the lead singer died because these guys make some great music. This is a very cool album.
B00000GJ2B|5.0|Raging Bull is one of several masterpieces released between late 1979 and late 1980 that closed the 1970's, perhaps the greatest decade of films ever.  Raging Bull was released in the same 12-month peoiod as The Shining,  Atlantic City, The Tin Drum, Apocalypse Now, and Being There.  Some people  would throw in The Empire Strikes Back as well.  While mainstream Hollywood  was raving about Kramer vs. Kramer, The Deer Hunter, and Ordinary People  (which won the Oscar in 1980), the more intelligent, urban Americans were  going for the above-mentioned classics.  And where are the fans of Ordinary  People, Kramer vs. Kramer, and The Deer Hunter today?  In the minority,  thank goodness.<br />Every decade has brought a masterpiece for Scorsese.  In  the 1970's it was Raging Bull.  In the 1980's it was The Last Temptation,  and in the 1990's, it was Goodfellas.<br />This film will forever remain as  one of the greatest American films ever.  Drawing inspiration from  Shakespeare's work and &quot;On the Waterfront,&quot; this is a movie to  cherish for a lifetime.
B000001FYZ|5.0|In my opinoin this is The Scorpions second best album ( with the first being &quot;Love at First Sting&quot;). It is a really good album for the scorpions to comeback with, since they didn't make any albums for a while.
6301942647|5.0|Although he went on to make 2 more films before his death in 1998, this is Kurosawa's last great film.  The color was digitally enhanced thanks to the assistance of George Lucas' ILM.  And this film is one of the first to  feature digital video shots (HDTV, thanks to Sony).  With Episode 2, George  Lucas hopes to be the first filmmaker to produce a 100% digital movie,  without the use of any film stock.<br />As for the movie itself, all 8  &quot;dreams&quot; are wonderful.  I especially like &quot;The Tunnel&quot;  for its balance and photography.  And the digital effects in  &quot;Crows&quot; (the protagonist walking through van Gogh's paintings)  are nothing short of revolutionary.  Even the last story, while a bit  preachy, features a rousing, Felini-like procession at the end.  This is an  exquisite motion piture from the late master of Japanese cinema.
B000002MIB|5.0|The bottom line is that Van Halen rocks, Sammy rocks, and this live double cd rocks.
078322947X|4.0|A largely unknown film...with little success at the box office. I rediscovered this film recently, having first seen it while in graduate school. Now knowing the context for this film, and having recently seen the  original film, The Wages of Fear, of which this film is a remake, I feel  that Sorcerer is an improvement on the original film (this is not the case  for many remakes).<br />Gritty and bleak, with enough excitement for several  action/adventure films, it is (like The Wages of Fear) a film with an  uncompromisingly brutal ending. Excellent acting, gut-churning  suspense...what a great film. Great music, too.
