0060235152|5.0|Myself anf my daycare children really enjoy this book. We can read it almost every day in circle time and they love it. They can get up and move with the book and it's action. I can't say enough good about it. We also enjoy your other books too! Thanks Eric Carle
0451169514|5.0|IT is the best book I have EVER read!!! IT may be kind of long, but IT keeps you riveted to ITs pages, and you never want IT to end (unless it is late at night and you're alone!). Pennywise The Clown is the center of everything!!! (Including my AOL screen name!) I hope you have fun reading IT!!! (Oh, by the way, we all float down here, Georgie!!! Want a balloon?)
0201633612|5.0|This is an excellent book for anyone who is  seriously interested in programming or is   writing any non-trivial program. <br />  Good description of common patterns. A good  supplement to your OO Methodology books.
0027164403|5.0|One of the best books we have come across to help our 10 month old become, and stay, interested in books.  The interactve aspect of the book, with its enchanting simplicity and bright vibrant colours, make it perfect for early readers (watchers), and keeps them eagerly turning each page. It is also surprisingly robust.
B000002L68|5.0|Prince (TAFKAP or The Artists--you choose the way to refer to him) found his most commericial success with Purple Rain.  People were beginning to sit up and take notice and it was about time!! This album doesn't disappoint.  Each tune is a classic Prince jam.  Each collection of Prince music is like a joyride through the sexy, sultry and spiritual walks of life.  This is not the best thing Prince has ever recorded but it is a one of his crowning achievements.  A good place to start for the novice Prince listener.
0553108034|5.0|What makes a book really good?  A true understanding of human nature, and the ability to create truly engaging characters that will leave an impression long after you put the book down.  Add an excellent plot, and you will have something special.  George R. R. Martin has mastered the art of making a god book.  Bravo!  Keep up the good work!
0385421982|1.0|The premise of the plot is ridiculous. A law student writes a brief in which she theorizes who is behind the murder of two Supreme Court Justices. Suddenly all sorts of assassins are after her, and she manages to elude them all. It makes no sense--why would a whole cadre of assassins come down on a person, simply for expressing an opinion? After all, she had no evidence. And there was no evidence from any of the crime scenes. So why attempt to kill her? In real life, her theory would have been dismissed as just that, a theory. Attacking her would only validate her accusation. The characters are as flat as pancakes--they all have the same personality, a pithy, street-smart toughness. There is no feel for setting. The scenes in New Orleans, New York and DC are pretty much the same. The brief 2 and 3 page scenes are so undeveloped that they leave the reader with no impression at all. And Grisham's sense of language is pedestrian, there is not a single memorable line, phrase or description.
0395754100|5.0|Curious Georga has long since been a favorite of mine.  When I stumbled across &quot;The Complete Adventures of Curious George&quot; I had to purchase it for my children.  Starting January 1996  my husband or I read a Curious George Story before bedtime for our children, then ages 3 and 2.  As the children have gotten older we have been able to use Curious George as a teaching aide, thinking about our actions before we get into mischief like George always does.  I recommend this book for anyone with children, especially those with children that get into mischief.
B000002MIB|5.0|Great double album.......its my choice of music when I am doing my Saturday morning house cleaning!
B000000WCV|5.0|Daft Punk's Homework is a great example of how technological advances can lead to amazingly listenable music. Advanced syncopation and new school rhythms meet an old school melodic infulence. It's a lot of fun to listen to.
B000002ADT|5.0|On occasions, critics and the general populace agree.  This disc contains some of the best jazz music ever recorded, and it is Miles Davis' most popular and enduring work.  His sidemen, including John Coltrane, are brilliant, as is his own inspired playing.
0517122707|4.0|This is a book that I have reservations about recommending.  The pacing was good, the humor was there (although I didn't laugh out loud as much as some people), the characters were interesting (if a bit one-dimensional), and the plot was sufficiently twisted and surprising.  I think the main problem I had was with the dialogue.  Ignatius's interactions with everyone in the book made me shiver at his horrible interpersonal skills.  But then I guess that's the point.  The whole thing seemed somewhat implausible to me.  I think I'll re-read it in a few months to see what I missed the first time.
0694518018|1.0|I realize that Graham is the dean of Fundamental Analysis.  I read his book Security Analysis in Graduate School and still find it very useful.  However, the audio tape of the Intelligent Investor is horrible.  First, the underlining book needs to be undated.  The audio version focuses on events that occurred in the 1970s, which is when the underlining book was last updated.  Second, the audio version fails to provide any key insights for investing.  Everything is overly general.  Finally, the audio tape is verbose.    In sum, STAY away from this tape, unless you're having a problem with insomnia.
0606030573|5.0|Maugham's description of reading Homer -- &quot;You can't imagine what a thrill it is to read the Odyessy in the original.  It makes you feel as if you had only to get on tiptoe and stretch out your hands to touch the stars.&quot; -- is about as close as  I can come to describing how I felt the first time I read The Razor's Edge.  Over the years, I have returned to the novel four or five times to discover that it becomes more profound with each reading.  The story continues to exalt the spirit and confirm the fact that in the cosmos, Man is truly something, but to fulfill our potential we must connect with God.  When we do, the life that can ours is the one that Maugham's central character describes: &quot;I wish I could make you see how much fuller the life I offer you is than anything you have a conception of.  I wish I could make you see how exciting the life of the spirit is and how rich in experience.  It's illimitable.  It's such a happy life.  There is only one thing like it, when you are up in a plane by yourself, high, high, and only infinity surrounds you.  You're intoxicated by the boundless space.  You feel such a sense of exhilaration that you wouldn't exchange it for all the power and glory in the world.&quot;
0395645662|5.0|I really enjoyed the book!  I hope that more people would read this book and see how this possibility could become reality.  What a great book!
0684874350|5.0|Those who found this work depressing or the adult characters to be weak are correct. But to say this is the complete sum of this work is highly inaccurate. &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; does three things: 1. takes a very unconventional storytelling approach (namely the lack of quotes) and still manages to give each person a distinctive voice as we witness a young man's growing love for storytelling. 2. Demonstrates the amount of love and forgiveness and joy that can exist in the least likely of situations. and 3. Tells the story from the boy's point of view. The repetition, the way it slowly dawns on Frankie that he's not just poor but destitute, the way he discovers the emptyness in his family's life, the way the same events look different to him as he grows older ... it's searing and poetic and powerful. If you never want to read about imperfect people, and you only want happy endings, then don't look here, and don't pay any attention to Irish folktales and songs. If you love a well-written comic tragedy, &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is for you.
0440224764|5.0|Excellent book. As a some time writer, I appreciate the excellent detail. The ending is something I might do. I like that!
B000002GBK|5.0|If you like classical music, you'll love this CD.  Wakeman has created a very rich, complex blend of themes with operatic overtones.  Each track blends smoothly into the next, with interludes remeniscent of Gregorian Chants.  Each movement reflects the personality and characteristics of the principal players, ie. Arthur, Merlyn, et al.  The blend of symphony and modern instruments is well-mastered, each subtly shoring up the other.   <br /> A wonderful blend of styles and execution -- a must-have for the serious audiophile.
0425156842|5.0|I found Sophie's World to be a charming and fascinating hybrid between a Philosophy 101 text and Alice in Wonderland -- complete with the metaphor of a rabbit! Of course, nitpickers can find faults in any hybrid. The book's breadth may cause it to suffer in depth; even 513  pages are too short for covering the entirety of the Western world's thoughts. However, I found it the perfect refresher for material I studied decades ago, and the index makes it a good reference. I hope to go back and reread the book in a few years for the story part. On my first reading, I guess I expected the puzzle pieces to fit together more neatly than they seemed to (did I miss something?) But I loved the characters and mystery. I loved the old (or Old World) storybook garden atmosphere that gives that young girl the time and mental/emotional space to reflect on mysteries, tangible and intangible. Yes, the story requires a certain willing suspension of disbelief, but I pity the critics who call Sophie naive and who blast Jostein Gaarder for letting her enter into correspondence with the shadowy Alberto Knox. Gaarder's philosophy tour could have been conducted in a different framework, of course. Perhaps, instead of Sophie, Gaarder could have told the story through the eyes of some teen-ager more immersed in contemporary woes -- some kid entertained by drugs, and by groups that scream the praises of mutilation and torture cacaphonously on a stage. Perhaps that kid could be introduced to philosophy by some savvy predator instead of the benign Alberto, and would have to sort out reality from such a reference point. Such a story should probably end with postmodernism (which Gaarder didn't deal with). It could be an interesting, and quite different book, though I think I would still prefer Sophie's World!<BR>-- C. Edwards
B000005KQT|5.0|Want to hear the best blues harp player ever? Then you want to hear Little Walter.  On this CD Chess Records as part of their 50th anniversary celebration has put together a collection of Little Walter's work that is truly his best. This guy can wail on the harmonica like no one before or since.  For Chicago Blues there's none better than Little Walter.
0440224764|5.0|Grisham has done it again! A fast paced, well thought out thriller that will keep you guessing.  Grisham turns the crook into a hero in this masterful story where the reader gets hooked on the main character's genius and has no desire for him to come to justice.  Grisham brings the story to a perfect conclusion.  Ranking up there with The Firm and The Pelican Brief, The Partner is one, of if not the best Grisham work on the shelves!
B000002ADT|5.0|For those of you that have a &quot;collection&quot; of this masterpiece recording from one of the true jazz legends, you can't consider it complete until you've purchased this Columbia/Sony reissue.  Easily the best quality of all KOB pressings, and remastered at the correct speed (apparently the original pressing was transferred at the wrong speed).  If you're a Kind of Blue fan, THIS IS THE ONE TO HAVE.  Enjoy
0465068359|3.0|&quot;Who can forget Mies Giep?&quot; asks Iris Chang.  Apparently, Ms. Chang and her editor can.  The name of Anne Frank's lookout was MIEP GIES, and it's one example of the slipshod construction of this book. <br /> The book and other reviews say enough about the horror of what occurred in Nanking.  I will admit to being simulataneously intrigued and repelled by the events chronicled in the book. <br />  Unfortunately, the potential emotional, historical and/or psychological impact of this book is hampered by frequent stylistic breakdowns.  The book careens from stilted term-paper paragraphs chock full of confusing and/or conflicting statistics to narratives involving characters who we never hear from again to matter-of-fact descriptions of the atrocities committed by the Japanese.  &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot; also includes an annoying amount of slang (&quot;anyone with half a brain&quot;) which further endangers its chances to be viewed in the same light as nonfiction titles such as &quot;Hiroshima&quot; or &quot;Night.&quot;
0140042520|5.0|Eeeha! That dharmy-boy Jack shore can smith them words.  They bounce and spin, leap and unfurl in a cacophony of tremulous abandon in your mind's ear. <br /> <BR> The pleasure in reading Kerouac is that he is such a remarkably good, wonderful person and he is so joyous and full of zealotry and surprise.  And he loves everyone, unconditionally.  But there is not a hint of treacle; it is all vividly authentic but awash in kindness. <br /> <BR> THE DHARMA BUMS was written in the late 50s, and was a quick follow up to Kerouac's ground-breaking best-seller ON THE ROAD.  Both are less experimental than others of Kerouac's works, but are jaunty displays of Kerouac's famed spontaneous prose. <br /> <BR> As with most of Kerouac's work, the novel is written in first person and closely follows events in Kerouac's life, with the identities of his real-life beat friends disguised by pseudonyms (at the insistence of his publisher). <br /> <BR> The book begins in southern California in 1955 with Ray Smith [Jack] struggling to hop a fast train to San Francisco.  He arrives in The City after overcoming some difficulties and meeting a good-hearted hobo.  Once in the city, there is a quick chapter--not calling much attention to itself--about Ray's attendance at a poetry reading, which is noteworthy in that it is a fictionalized account of the most famous poetry reading of all time:  when Allan Ginsberg first read &quot;Howl.&quot;  [In the novel the poet is named Alvah Goodbook and his poem is titled &quot;Wail.&quot;] <br /> <BR> Quickly, though, Ray [and the reader] meets the central character of the book, Japhy Ryder.  [It is fun to know that Japhy is based on the Pulitzer-winning poet Gary Snyder and the project Japhy/Gary is up to at the beginning of the novel is to draft the first Chinese-to-English translation of Han Shan's &quot;Cold Mountain.&quot; Shan's epic poem is the inspiration of the current best-selling novel of the same name, set during the Civil War.]  Ryder is the ultimate, ebullient frees!pirit who whisks Ray off on an adventure, a climb up the Matterhorn (a peak just outside the current-day borders of Yosemite National Monument).  At all times, Japhy and Ray engage in happy dharma banter, swapping tales and lessons learned.  And back at Japhy's shack of a home there are orgies, jazz and meditation, exceptionally tasty plates of beans and bottles of cheap ruby-red port. <br /> <BR> The book continues with fascinating similar events, all written in a lusty, swashbuckling style, full of dharma and comradery.  At the novel's conclusion, a final mountain is climbed--both figuratively and literally--and the experience left me fully satisfied. <br /> <BR> Unlike almost all other novels, DHARMA BUMS and others of Kerouac's tales are not driven by a careful, classic  plotline.  There is no achy tragedy that you read your way into the heart of and then hope for a nifty, surprising conclusion.  The book barrels forward from the lust-for-life of its characters and the supreme genius of Kerouac at his craft of threading words.
0872860175|5.0|A marvelous use of words to induce images of pain and torture and love and lost.  A must for any person willing to give Ginsberg's style a chance.
B000002UAO|5.0|Rubber Soul Is The Best Betles Album I've Ever Heard.  If I were you, and I didn't have it, I would buy it! <br /> <BR>  P.S.  <BR>  I only rated it 9 because nothing and nobody is perfect.
0679434194|5.0|I read &quot;Girl Interrupted' several years ago while in the throes of clinical depression. It was a Godsend. I immediately raced out and bought ten copies which were mailed to friends and collegues across the country. I then sent a letter to Ms. Kaysen conveying my appreciation for her sharing such an intimate experience to which she responded with a warm and gracious &quot;thanks&quot;. This book explores notions and sensibilities that all of us encounter at one time or another. My adolescence was particularly difficult to no one but myself, and this book reaffirms that I was not alone. There is a complete absence of pretension in the writing, as though she were simply referring back to some notes she had taken at the time. But there is also a pervasive sense that even though she was a kind of spectator in the world of the truly insane, she had roots in its core and could identify with the despair and ultimate tragedy of many of its cast. This book is an absolute must read for anyone who has ever felt truly alone...and had the capacity to laugh in the face of fear.
0060926317|1.0|While Morgan's message -- wisdom has been preserved in native tribes uncontaminated by civilization -- is compelling in spiritually ailing America, I could neither swallow it as true nor did I find it inspiring. The first chapter, explaining how her adventure began, intrigued me. But after that, chapters fell into a sing-song pattern of the days events and the lesson learned, followed by several paragraphs lamenting how resistant modern culture would be to adopting this lesson. <br /> I would have been more impressed if Morgan had acknowledged the difficulties applying the lessons learned from a few dozen natives eking out an existence on hundreds of square miles of desert to residents numbering in the billions living on an increasingly overcrowded Earth. A clue as to why such back-to-nature pabulum has won so few converts is revealed in the closing chapter. When Morgan returned to civilization, she couldn't wait to get a bath and rid herself of the affects of her native excursion. <br />  For a fascinating and authentic account of native tribes, a much better choice would be &quot;Kabloona&quot; by Gontran De Poncins. This story of his time with the Eskimos reveals what compromises humans make to exist in such a marginal environment while finding respect and admiration for his subjects.
0345350499|5.0|I would recomend this book to anyone who can read. You end up caring for the characters so much that you cry if something bad happens to them, and I mean *cry*. In the same way, you rejoice the good and the book leaves you wanting more. I would suggest you read THE FOREST HOUSE, then LADY OF AVALON and then THE MYSTS OF AVALON. But if you are not sure if you'll like the books, start with this one. It is truly enchanting. My all time favorite book. It gave me a new look on life.
B000002546|5.0|If you can overlook the somewhat dated sound of this cd (and you should be) you will hear some electric guitar work that easily moves from rock to fusion to ballad and creates highwater marks at each stop. I first heard this stuff when it was released over 20 years ago any very few artists have come close to it since, though many have tried. Amazingly enough, less than a year later Jeff released &quot;Wired,&quot; which is &quot;Blow By Blow&quot;'s equal. So get &quot;Blow By Blow&quot; or &quot;Wired&quot; or better yet, BOTH.
B00000099Y|5.0|After hearing a couple songs <BR>played on the radio, I realized I <BR>needed to hear more. I really <BR>liked the other Tool albums, but <BR>this one was different. The songs <BR>were so crazy, so scary, so good. <BR>The music makes you want to just <BR>go crazy, and the words just make <BR>you laugh, cry, or just express <BR>some kind of emotion. This CD is <BR>just a great one to own. Everyone should have a copy of it in their homes.
0399134204|1.0|Having been born and raised in Taiwan, I'm now a naturalized American, and have teenagers whose high scool English class puts Joy Luck Club on the reading list. I tell my kids, &quot;This book tells such a sick picture of the Chinese culture, I'd rather you not choose this book.&quot;  Why?  For one, I had never had a fortune cookie in Taiwan, and was surprised to see fortune cookies here in the U.S.  To me, Joy Luck Club is a fortune cookie, appealing to those who don't know the reality of the Chinese culture.  For a REAL knowledge of the Chinese people and their ways, I'd recommend Iron And Silk, by Mark Salzman.  Yeas ago I read Salzman and felt he really understood and knew the real Chinese soul.  Please, if you're an English teacher reading this, try to read Iron And Silk, and put that on your reading list.  Thanks!  If my kids read that book, I will feel like I can talk to them about, &quot;Hey, that's what China is like.&quot;  I will feel my kids got to know a bit about my native country.
B000002HPV|5.0|Out of Bjork's many sporadic styles, this is my favorite. I'm really glad she made a whole album of this style. I like it most for her heavy use of electronica and interesting percussion. It's like buying a box of popsicles with only your favorite flavor in it. Then you don't get stuck with six grape ones that you'll never eat. That's how this album is to me. Out of every album I own, there are one or two tracks on most of them that I skip because they just don't do it for me. Not so with Homogenic. Every song is so good that I'd have a hard time picking a favorite. Even though the style is similar, each song has it's own uniqueness and affects my mood in different ways. Homogenic is one of my most listened to albums and will continue to be.
B000001FI7|5.0|Once I got this CD, I couldn't stop listening to it. I like to listen to songs 5 and 6 in repeat mode for well...hours.  The sweet and very sad voice of the singer together with the complicated Hammond background sound always touches me when I put this album in the player.  Overall It's a must-have addition to any Trip Hop collection, or if you are new to Trip Hop this is the best start.
630438551X|5.0|I read the origional book but loved the movie much more.When the movie first came out I thought it was the best thing ever transformed from paper into emotions.Leo is one of the most talented actors in the business.GOOD LUCK LEO !!!WE LOVE YOU!!!     END
B000005ITX|5.0|O.K., I realize that 1967 was an awesome year for music.  But putting aside the novelty of &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, the blazing guitars of Clapton and Hendrix, and too many others to mention; and what we have here is an album that is melodious and heartfelt.  Most people are unaware that The Doors were fans of Love. Also, one of the songs on this CD was covered by The Damned.  Also, &quot;Andmoreagain&quot; is simply one of the finest love songs written.
0679720200|5.0|Over the course of my teenage years (and I'm sure the years of most kids my age), two books have fully redefined and reinforced the way I look on life. The first is Salinger's &quot;Catcher in the Rye,&quot; of course, and the second is this book, Camus' &quot;L'etranger.&quot; I dunno - some people absolutely hate it, some find it strangely funny, some just don't get it - but for some reason or another, it just hit home with me.
1567184855|5.0|I loved this book.  After reading this book all I wanted to do was to be in touch with my soul.  This is simply fascinating, A MUST READ.    After reading this book I want to read more and more on the subject.  I would love to be regressed to see what past lives I have had.
630438551X|5.0|I totally fell in love with this movie, not to mention falling in love with Leo! My friend and I ended up kissing the screen when Leo showed up on the screen! My friend and I have a goal to meet Leonardo DiCaprio before we turn 20 years old. We are also becoming actresses so we can be in good movies like Romeo &amp; Juliet! It made me really jelous when Claire Danes and Leo kept kissing. BUY THIS VIDEO NOW!!!     END
0307010856|5.0|I don't remember who exactly gave me this book, but I made my parents read it over and over to me every night when I was 4 years old. That was 17 years ago. I knew it so well that I memorized each page and I would recite it for my parents. That was the first book I ever read. I'm so happy that I have finally found it after all these years. A definite MUST in your child's library!
B000002KBU|5.0|If you are truly a fan of modern music that your collection is sadly incomplete without a copy of Joni Mitchell's Blue.  Definitively one of her best records and probably one of the best records in music history.  It plays like a greatest hits album and it never disappoints, no matter how many times you've heard it.  Joni's songwriting is well known and each track is an example of her brilliance.  Joni has a style that is all her own and Blue is the quintessential Joni!  Her guitar playing and her haunting vocals push each song to its maximum potential.  Joni can move her listeners emotionally like few artists can.  This album can make you dance, sing for joy and then break down into tears.  For Joni, and for most of modern music, it just doesn't get any better.
0517543052|2.0|It's well and fine if you first read this book as an adult but imagine if you were, as I was, a young child who first stumbled upon this book in his parents' (who were at the time psuedo-&quot;hippies&quot;) collection.  Yuck.  Filled to the brim with early-70's psychobabble, illustrated with diagrams and clip art that are as tedious as they are quixotic, this book is a cultural relic of no lasting importance.  It is saved from an even lower score because &quot;Ram Dass&quot; was at least clever enough to try to create his own overarching philosophy, as drug-blurred and nonesencial as that philosophy was.
0553277472|4.0|Z.M.M. is a deep and impressive work which has sold millions of copies and stayed in print in many languages for over twenty years. I recently read it for the first time. It was good to wait until I was ready for it. I am not sure I can recommend the book, but I am glad I experienced it.<br /><br /> Mr. Pirsig presents the story of his search for the roots of deep philosophical views and his exploration of the branches of those views, from which branches hang all of the results Western civilization, not the least of which are universities, motorcycles, and mental hospitals. The philosophic system he proposes is to my knowledge unique and original, as well as marvelously free of endorsements or adherents.<br /><br /> I am very interested in exploring how the models or paradigms in which all of us live lead to action.  I did not explore Z.M.M. with a purpose of determining whether his system is true or even useful. I just like to know what the world looks like inside other people's heads. The world from inside his head looks wondrously intricate and interconnected, a world in which a man's motorcycle maintenance methods are determined by the intellectual in-fighting of ancient Greek philosophers. He is generous in the detail with which he shares pieces of his fertile and facile mind.<br /><br /> I very much appreciate the effect reading the book has had on my experience of household repairs. I installed a dishwasher the day I finished the book. I found myself happily immersed in the project, even through a greater than usual number of &quot;gumption traps.&quot; ZMM helped me see many obstacles and &quot;wrong turns&quot; more powerfully. I could be with the problem and still be in action. I enjoyed it more, regretted the time spent less, and feel more satisfied with my life. This shift has endured several weeks, through garage cleaning, shelf mending, and hard disk installation. My life has been greatly enhanced by just this one aspect of Pirsig's philosophy.<br /><br /> And yet...<br /><br /> The narrator's life described in ZMM strikes me as sad and lonely, filled with failure and lacking in purpose. Measuring it against the three tenets of MayoGenuine (be genuine, be learning, be transitive) is illuminating. His great strength is his genuineness. He is also an intense learner in the traditional sense of accumulating knowledge and building systems, yet this information never seems to support him in taking the actions that would give him a satisfying life. His behavior does not alter, so learning in the sense in which I use the word does not occur. Most tragically, he seems highly isolated from human relationships, preferring the role of sage observer to participant or leader. He seems entirely ignorant of the meaning and fulfillment available form implementing Transitive Structures. Without these structures, his increasing insight not only fails to support his expression, it ultimately undermines his very survival.<br /><br /> Luckily, his insight is available for others who may read this book and re-direct their own lives.ly enhanced by just this one aspect of Pirsig's philosophy. <BR> <BR> <BR> <br /> <BR> <BR> <BR> And yet... <BR> <BR> <BR> <br /> <BR> <BR> <BR> The narrator's life described in ZMM strikes me as sad and lonely, filled with failure and lacking in purpose. Measuring it against the three tenets of MayoGenuine (be genuine, be learning, be transitive) is illuminating. His great strength is his genuineness. He is also an intense learner in the traditional sense of accumulating knowledge and building systems, yet this information never seems to support him in taking the actions that would give him a satisfying life. His behavior does not alter, so learning in the sense in which I use the word does not occur. Most tragically, he seems highly isolated from human relationships, preferring the role of sage observer to participant or leader. He seems entirely ignorant of the meaning and fulfillment available form implementing Transitive Structures. Without these structures, his increasing insight not only fails to support his expression, it ultimately undermines his very survival. <BR> <BR> <BR> <br /> <BR> <BR> <BR> Luckily, his insight is available for others who may read this book and re-direct their own lives.
0440224764|4.0|i've been disappointed with grisham's work for the past couple of years.  his stories were turning into excuses for expressing his strong views on everything in our society.  in the partner, his statements are more subtle, and don't over take the book.  its an interesting novel, and a departure from his usual style.  the ending was a bit abrupt, and very unexpected, there was something fun to it, but a part of me was also tuned off by its finale.
0875845851|5.0|The Innovator's Dilemma offers a compelling explanation forwhy large and well-respected firms lose their dominant positionswithin a market, following what Christensen styles as `disruptive innovation'. <br /> Innovation takes two forms: sustaining and disruptive. Competition in oligopolistic markets is manifest in continuous product improvement, or sustaining innovation. This contrasts with a disruptive innovation, which fundamentally changes a product's nature, offering new functionality, although often at the expense of performance.<br /> Typically, when disruptive innovation occurs, incumbents will reject the new technology; where markets do exist for such innovative products, they tend to be small and offer slim margins. Despite this, the book cites evidence of upstart firms with a low cost configuration and lower profit expectations, which have successfully exploited these marginal opportunities. <br /> Refinement of the innovative product to a standard acceptable to traditional customers coupled with additional functionality enables the niche player to compete head on with established firms. They do so by pricing aggressively. Market incumbents typically respond by quickly incorporating the innovative technology into their products, only to find that they are able to make little impact in the developing new market (weak brand name) and cannibalise their existing customer base at lower margins. A new technology standard has been set. <br />The few firms that have survived a disruptive innovation have embraced the new technology early and recognised the need for a different approach to operation within the market. This demands a different corporate mentality and ultimately, organisational design, which is only possible by establishing a virtually autonomous and sometimes geographically separate subsidiary. Eventually, this may reverse acquire the parent. <br />The Innovator's Dilemma provides an interesting perspective on a seemingly recurrent problem. It does so in a fashion that is both insightful and easy to read. The main themes in the book are qualified with numerous examples and some rudimentary analysis, whilst avoiding being unduly repetitive.
0446604844|5.0|I can't say enough good things about this book.  What a page-turner!  Yet another David Baldacci novel that I could not put down. The story just builds and builds, with one suspense after another.  I think I held my breath the entire time I was reading it.  David Baldacci has a knack for creating characters that you just can't get enough of, that you root for with all of your heart, that you are sad to let go of when the novel ends.  I highly recommend reading &quot;Absolute Power&quot; and &quot;The Winner&quot;, his two other books.  David Baldacci has quickly become my favorite author.
B000001F59|3.0|More melodious and less speed-driven than previous Rainbow albums, this one offers a preview of reconstituted Deep Purple. It sounds a lot like &quot;Perfect Strangers&quot;. Lots of DP fans turn their noses up at untempered Blackmore, but there's a lot to be said for melody-driven hard rock. Maybe not a very inspiring album, but very solid work nevertheless.
0440217563|4.0|Having just completed all three books in the series,  I still feel Outlander was the most original of the series.  The plot line in Voyager seemed to stop and start.  It feels like the story was written in chunks, instead of in one long narrative line.  Much of the story almost feels like filler to stretch out the story until the next installment. I contrast this with Outlander where there was a definite flow and direction to the story.  The first book seemed like a self contained story and it seemed very well researched.  Voyager by contrast  did not give me as a strong of sense of a specific time and place, which is one of the pleasures of reading historical novels.  I am sure Gabaldon is on a schedule to crank out each title by a certain date.  I think she and her readers would be better served if she slowed down a little and gave more thought to the outline and historical facts in her books.  That said, I still will of course read the Drums of Autumn.  For a fast and entertaining read, Gabaldon definitely has the historical  formula down pact.
0679882820|5.0|Out of the dozens of board books we have been given and purchased for our infant, she enjoys this one best of all.  Our four month old enjoys sitting on our laps, looking at the bright illustrations, and listening to us make animal sounds.  A fun, rhythmic book which baby can grab and really sink his or her gums into.
B000005JHQ|5.0|Although there may only be 1 or 2 popular songs on this release, at least to the American alternative music-listening public, this ranks as one of the best CD's she has ever done. From the light frolicking tempo of &quot;Suspended in Gaffa&quot; to the sedate mood of &quot;All the Love&quot; to the powerful, yet eerie &quot;Leave it Open&quot;, every song on this CD can stand strong by itself with its own unique little &quot;hook&quot; that makes it stick in your head. Several of the vocal arrangements do sound a bit strange, even for Kate, but that makes them all the more memorable. As usual, the beauty of her ethereal voice comes through in the end, and the variation of the musical style of each song keeps me coming back for more.
0684803356|4.0|I happen to think Hemingway is one of the most overrated novelists of the 20th century, but this particular book is &quot;a good read.&quot;  Hemingway does deal with many subjects such as duty, brutalization, love, or loyalty, all the while telling a good, moving story.  Not my vote for &quot;the great American novel&quot;, but worth reading.
B000002VMH|5.0|Annie's first solo cd is a really GREAT work.  Her vocals are very strong and beautiful.  This cd is much softer than her work with Eurythmics.  I think the cd is EXCELLENT but, I still prefer her Eurythmics cds the best.  She sings so beautifully on such classics as &quot;Why&quot;, &quot;Walking On Broken Glass&quot; and she gets back to her Eurythmics style with her dance hit, &quot;Little Bird&quot;.  I also love the passionate song, &quot;Cold&quot; and &quot;Legend In My Living Room&quot;.  Keep up the GREAT work, Annie!!
0515123447|5.0|When Mr. Child discribed the after effects of adrenaline after a life or death encounter I knew a very good author was at work. Some minor technical mistakes(firearms and military training)can easily be corrected with proper reseach and a good editor. Books this well written are hard to find. &quot;Killing Floor&quot; would make a great movie if not altered.
0671004107|5.0|I was so awed by the 1997 movie &quot;Contact&quot; with Jodie Foster that I had to read the book.  Am I ever glad I did! Carl Sagan weaves together a brilliant story with characters that are true to life, with faults and all.  The questions he raises in regards to faith, science and religion are honest ones.  Many of them we may never know the answers to until we meet God.  I only wish Mr. Sagan had continued on with the story of Ellie in a follow-up novel.  It would be wonderful to re-visit her again.
B000002NHN|5.0|The cover caught me, but The Highwayman sold the CD.  It brought the poem to life.  I had never heard of nor listened to Celtic music prior to Loreena...  I hope she never stops.
B000001FAK|5.0|The distinct lack of percussion does not diminish the usual blues genre of John Mayall. It instead adds a touch of smooth jazz to his alraedy cool style.  There is the occasional &quot;chicky-chickory&quot; in tunes such as &quot;California&quot; and more distictly, &quot;Room to Move&quot; that fills in for the typical drum rolls expected in blues.   If you like John Mayall, This is the one for you. If you don't like John Mayall because he was too &quot;deep south&quot;, this one should change your mind.
B000002WYT|5.0|Crash is the best CD! You can lissen to it any time. It can be very relaxing, or can make you hyper! I recomend this CD to anyone. My brother bought it then I did and then both my parents started to like it!
0395645662|5.0|When I first picked up the library copy of The Giver, I didn't know what to expect - the cover was intriguing, the plot summary didn't tell much... <br /> ...I finished reading it in one sitting, then almost immediately began rereading it, because the book had struck me as so powerful that I wanted to reexperience it, and let it sink even deeper into my soul.  Not only is the book well-crafted and a powerful idea, but it contains many levels of meaning.  The Giver is the sort of book that different people will interpret differently, based on their views and experiences - and all of those interpretations are right.  This is a book ripe for discussion and rereadings (for rereadings bring new insights and new discoveries, and a further understanding of both the book itself, and the significance of the book). <br />  I highly recommend this book to almost anyone (and do so on a regular basis - several of my friends have already adopted this book as one of their favorites)
B000005AYM|1.0|I had heard so many people say how good she was so, I bought the cd to see what everybody was talking about.  I found her voice nice and soothing but after the first few songs I got really sleepy.  I really don't understand why she has been nominated for so many awards.
067144901X|5.0|This is the first of Sandra Boynton's books which I purchased for my granddaughter.  Since that purchase I have obtain all of her books and my granddaughter loves every one of them.  You can read them all over and over and she never gets tired of hearing them.  She has enjoyed them so much that I intend to obtain doubles to make sure my second granddaughter has the same enjoyment too.
0449002632|5.0|London:The Novel is a great book. If you have the time available definitely read the book.  However if you are the type of person who likes to read the whole book in one day I suggest that you give yourself a lot of time since the book is over 1000 pages.  However, you will enjoy it all.
0679731377|5.0|Any book that claims to be a history of the world, in any number of chapters, has something to live up to; and this book certainly lived up to any expectations I had. Barnes' writing is lively, intelligent, and clever - while, at the same time, keeping a strong emotional, even moral core. In between sharply comical chapters as well as fascinating essays, all concerning topics such history, art, and even &lt;gasp!&gt; love, the author has put his &quot;Parenthesis&quot;, the half-chapter of the title, and in my opinion the most lucid, frank and touching essay about Love, which alone makes this book worth its price.
0393038912|3.0|Is everyone satisfied with patting themselves on the back? All that he explains does not refute the following: Economic and intellectual power cannot be kept without political and military power. When one has ambition and the will (and dirty underwear) to use it, you can subsume the rest. What I think we have experienced up 'till now is the test (over and over) within humanity about whether individuality is economically superior to non-individuality. Egypt had the longest run so far in history for a politico-socio-economic environment. It had to be conquered from the outside. It maintained this length through military power until it was overtaken. Why did it not 'conquer' the world? Is _that_ a measure of a civilization? What about its length in history - _that_ is not a measure of success? All manner of mathematics, the scientific method, literary form, written form (je' ver notice all the icons on Web pages? - look like hieroglyphics to me ;-) oops there's another one) art were invented / promulgated during Egypt's 3500 years (or Meso-America or Asia, or you get the point). Did it fail as a civilization to raise the standard of living of all humans? Maybe... or maybe America is Egypt's reincarnation-all the intellectual and military power plus individualism (not a Egyptian -- Pharonic trait). In any case, many cultures he presents had intellectual capital; but it will do you no good without the power to keep it, harness it, nurture it, and capitalize on it. Again individualistic capitalization is more economically productive of 'stuff' / 'cargo' than group/ government/ nationalistic capitalization (aka Soviet Union, China, Egypt). But we keep it because of military power. Could all us engineers, scientists, doctor, lawyer, writer, technician, nurse, politician, continue to grow and add value with our military giving us the _freedom and time_ to pursue these value-added interests? The 'positive' result of the 'West' is 'stuff' -- materiel. I don't think we've invented any new art, religion, literary ! forms lately; these forms are ancient (well computer art - isn't art). Is human history over? Are we declaring victory? Really? Let's see if the experiment we're all in right now lasts for 2500 more years (without blowing or burning or starving or racially subjugating ourselves into extinction) and then declare victory of the current politico-socio-economic environment. Lucky for us maybe that none of the other cultures had the atom bomb (aka 'stuff', aka 'cargo') before we were ready. Oops, that's right, we used them already. But do we really wish the technological evolution we have now had happened sooner? Pol Pot with an atom bomb? Hitler with one? Kaddafi with one? Caesar with one? The conquistadors with one? Alexander the Great with one? Everyone of us is still bound by this planet. We can barely get 5 people off of it without blowing ourselves up in the process. If the Sun 'novas' or goes supercritical, we're all gone. We green house ourselves to a nice crisp-we're gone. We get hit with a dinosaur sized meteor we're gone. We got much work to do folks before I'm ready to declare history a success.
0446604844|4.0|I loved this book.  I work in the IT field and am always amazed at how wrong the authors GET information, but at the same time I love to read it.  I read technical documents all day long and sometime into the night so to sit in a hot bath with a glass of wine and get lost in a story that has no real technical validity is a real treat.  I just love wondering &quot;who did it&quot; and although I have not yet completed this story I almost don't want to finish it because I haven't read another like it in a while.    <BR> Got to go, I can hear the tub running!
B000000WFF|3.0|The first song, spice up you life, rocks.  But then the farther that you get into the CD, that's when the goodness of the CD begins to deplete.  This dosen't mean that the whole CD in the end is bad, because it isn't.  If you are looking for a fun CD with not much meaning to it, then this CD isn't bad at all.  If you want to go deep, then you should choose a CD with a little more complexity.  The best part about it though, is that the people singing really have fun doing what their doing.  The spice girl's message is totally, &quot;GIRL POWER!&quot;  <BR> The really stand up for gilrs doing things their way, yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0880381736|5.0|&quot;El retorno de los dragones&quot;, as it has been translated into Spanish, is one of the funniest and more interesting novels I have ever read. I am not a fan of the fantasy-fiction genre; I haven't even read &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot;, which in my opinion is quite a boring story. I do not like that childish point of view of Saint JRR, and I do not like playing role, either. However, the Dragonlance Chronicles (not only the first volume but also the whole thrilogy) has got my heart. I read it a couple of years ago, and I am doing it again just in order to remember such a dense plot. I have never get bored whilst reading any of the three books which the series consists of. I have been able to understand complicated personalities which go further than simple characters who fight against each other. Tasslehoff is not a stupid hobbit, he's an extremely clever, funny and riotous kender; warriors are not almighty people who can just take their blades and hit whoever they want to (and as a matter of fact, they DIE. May God Have Sturm with him). The magician, Raistlin, is my fauvourite novel character. As for the other members of this fellowship, they are great. Weis and Hickman manage to introduce all of them without boring the reader (and they are many). To sum up, you'd better read this book and the other two. You will enjoy yourself, even if you HATE, as I myself do, this kind of story.
0440131480|5.0|This was the very first book of vonnegut's i have ever read.  Since then, i have read ten others, and am on the quest to finish all, what, twenty-five of them?  I was so inspired by this book, i am now working on a stage adaption for it.  Completely thought provoking, I don't think that there is a single book that can be so simple in its writing, yet comment so much on the society we live in.  Completely timeless, this book will be a classic... at least in my mind!
0679442790|5.0|This is an excellent novel.  It ranks (for me) with some of my other favorties: Musil's The Man Without Qualities, Underworld, and The Gospel According to Jesus Christ, as well as (given the topic) some of the finest writing by Ozick, Primo Levi, and Philip Roth.
1558216847|1.0|It's amazing how the author was able to remember exact quotes thirty years after the fact.  Maybe he had a tape recorder.  Oh, and the party of escapees crossed the Lena River.  Just crossed it, period.  No mention of the river's size or the temperature or how they managed to overcome little inconveniences like hypothermia.  Did they wade or use a raft?  The author leaves out some other critical points, like walking across the Gobi desert without water.  Pretty determined group!  Use your time in another way.
0451452739|5.0|I consider 2001: A Space Odyssey to be one of the greatest books of all time. It is not often in life that you come across a book which profoundly changes the way you think. Yet that was its effect on me when i first read it as a young teenager. I have re-read it many times since, and it is as inspirational and haunting each time. The book is sheer perfection. <br /> Consider the time when it was written - at the dawn of the space race when travelling to the moon seemed scarcely possible, when computer technology was still rudimentary, when the possibility of life elsewhere in the universe was still largely a joke to the majority of the world population, before the field of artificial intelligence took off, when the details of space travel, space communications and other planets were still basic. For those of us born after this time, i don't believe we can ever accurately understand what it must have been like. <br />  Consider the practical, realistic, scientific vision that 2001 provides. A breath-taking, awe-inspiring vision, that sweeps us along from primitive human life to what we are now and to what we may become. The issues that the book examines are as relevant and topical today as in the 1960s: the possibility of machine intelligence and the associated ethical dilemmas; the possibilities and problems of working with computers which provide crucial advice and make important decisions; the practical details of undertaking a long space voyage (the psychological impact on the travellers and their families back home, the communication difficulties, the vast amount of time to fill, the small crew each dependent upon the others, the lack of privacy, food and exercise, repairs and maintenance, loneliness and isolation); the possibility of different forms of existence; the possibility of first contact with other life forms; and the possibility of encountering the completely unknown. <br />  The finale is mind-blowing... unsurpassable. Alone, isolated, at the frontier between the known and the unknown, terrified and exhilerated, after an epic, frightening journey. &quot;Oh my God - its full of stars&quot;, is surely one of the most memorable lines ever written.
6303148352|1.0|This movie is nothing like the book.  The movie and the book have different plots.  Not only that but most of the  scenes are missing.  I did not like this movie.     END
0684874350|5.0|I was so taken by this book I could not put it down....I managed to whip through it in two days and was sorry when it ended.  My big question now is:  WHAT HAPPENED AFTER FRANK GOT TO NEW YORK....  when did the rest of his brothers and his mother come over....where did his father end up?  What about the other relatives....  I loved this story and was constantly recharged as he grew up and experienced the poverty and hunger associated with the &quot;lower class&quot;.  Actually, we all know that class has nothing to do with anything...people should take care of people, like Frank did with the sick people he delivered telegrams to....one good turn deserves another...and I want to know how he became the wonderful writer he is today.
0198534477|5.0|As a student who wants to strengthen my background in Complex Analysis before starting  grad school I've found this book an absolute delight.  Its both easy to read, and extrordonarily insightful and usefull.
044651506X|4.0|After reading some of the negative reviews, I am wondering if I may have a personality disorder as I  actually liked the book.   I thought is was fast moving and entertaining;  no, it did not  change my life, however, I did enjoy the spin and John Cory's BS.   <br />  If you're looking for a serious book which could very likely change your life, try the Bible, if you  read to be entertained, give Plum Island a whirl.
B000002IRL|4.0|This album is a must for any serious metal fan.  Like Megadeth's Rust and Metallica's Justice, Horroscope represents the band at the top of its form.  The group emphasizes composition rather that pure speed (although there is plenty of speed) but has not yet fallen into the dull and whining stage represented by their next album or the anger for the sake of pissing off your parents stage represented by their recent efforts.
B000002GY9|5.0|OHMIGOD this c.d. is choice.  I am listening to it right now.  There is a sensual beauty in the music but the real brilliance comes out in the lyrics.  &quot;You ask me what I'm doin' here, hold this old lamppost, flippin' this old quarter, tryin' to make up my mind... If it's heads I'll go to Tennessee, if it's tails I'll buy a drink, if it lands on the edge I'll keep talkin'... to... you...&quot;   <BR> Waits' nostalgia and grinning, drunken comraderie come in his devastating growl and the pure poetry of his language.  Gloomy yet headshakingly happy.  &quot;The Piano Has Been Drinking&quot; is one of the best songs I have ever heard- &quot;the carpet needs a haircut and the spotlight looks like a prison-break and the telephone's out of cigarettes and the balcony is on the make...&quot;  This album can actually change the atmosphere in the room- it is enlightening and intimate.  There is nothing self-indulgent about it-  it is about real life- waitresses and dead-end jobs, late-night liquor and broken down cars on bad streets.  This is the blues, done with lots of hope and heart.  I fell in love with this music instantly.
0812550757|5.0|Before reading Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead, my interest in Science Fiction was limited to your basic Star Trek storylines. When I read the first few pages of both books, I was hooked. The writing style, the plot, everything was great! <BR>Speaker for the Dead really captivated me because it was more philosophical and alot like the social science issues I've studied.I think anthropologists, political scientists, and others could really relate to this book and get into science fiction. The ideas and concepts are brilliant, and Card's words just flow. It should certainly be a part of high school and college learning materials!
B000002MY3|4.0|I love the CD. A lot of good hits are on the album like Head Over Feat, You Learn, Ironic and Hand In My Pocket as well as some great songs you rarely hear on the radio like Not The Doctor, Wake Up, Right Through You, and You Oughta Know as well as a hidden song at the end of the CD on the 13th track after the remix of You Oughta Know and about 2 minutes of silence. However, there are some adult themes (particularly in You Oughta Know) and some obscenities throughout so I won't play it when my kids are in the car.
031286504X|5.0|Picture this: a weird, half-crazed lonesome guy spends most of his time killing as much members of a society as he can in the most gruesome manner. He moves swiftly, mercilessly, doing his job at a time when his victims are most vulnerable. He's considered an aberration, the only one of his kind in the world, living alone in a  kind of fortress. He's rightly considered by this society as an evil monstruosity that must be exterminated at all costs.<br />Well, if my description of this creature could very well fit Count Dracula, it's no coincidence, but I'm talking about Robert Neville, the tormented hero of  &quot;I Am Legend &quot;. Neville is the only human being  left in a world inhabited by vampires, and the beauty of Matheson's book resides in this reversion of roles. The monstruosity here isn't the vampire, but the human, now  turned into a  predator to this  society of vampires. How does he feel, this lonely human? How does he come to terms with the ethical and moral problems of killing these intelligent creatures ? What is being human?What is being normal?? Those are some of the questions put foward by Matheson in this wonderful book, in wich he recreates a powerful myth for the modern times, giving new form to the Outsider. Be prepared: the Outsider in this one is all of us...
0394492196|5.0|This book is unquestionably Lecarre's best with Smiley's People a close second.  For a genre book it is very literary in intent and in style.  The proof of this for me was that I was not entirely satisfied with the book the first time I read it but was intrigued enough with the material to try it again a few years later.  Knowing the basic plot, including the identity of the &quot;mole&quot; enabled me to really focus on and truly enjoy the themes of betrayal and British decline.  Only a rare mystery/thriller would pass this test.  On the purely technical level the book is also well done and the various steps employed by Smiley to solve the case are a great pleasure to follow.   <br />Read this book and Smiley's people.  I agree with the prior reviewer that Honorable Schoolboy is best skipped.
0060801263|5.0|I really enjoyed this book. i think that it is an emotionally heartwrenching story of a little girl named Francie Nolan. . It was a very moving and poignant novel, with every detail intact, it gives you a full description of events and it does not let you imagine a setting of your own. Betty Smith, the author, gives such a detailed introduction that there is not an absolution in how you want to imagine the setting. I think a reason why many people do not like this book from the beginning, are because of its length, and use of verbal effusion. She does use a lot of unnecessary descriptions followed by mindless bits and pieces of little information at odd times.  Nevertheless, this is a great novel, of which there are very few, and I would definitely recommend it to everyone. I do believe that the way this book composed, it cannot be a novel that is forced to be read in schools, for this reason, it is such a great novel that once you get an introduction of all the characters (a.k.a. the first hundred pages) it will want to make you read onward to see what happens to these beloved characters. One of the best things about this book is that it can be  interpreted differently by each person who reads it.   I love the way Betty Smith, the author, has used a tree that grows outside the Nolan house, to in a roundabout way portray  the dramatic life that Francie had lived.  It also shows the unconquerable vivacity that Francie Nolan possess. The usage of a tree to describe Francie's life is so  intelligent and well thought up it makes you realize at the end of the story the significance of the tree that grows in Brooklyn. That tree is named Francis Nolan .  DISCLAIMER: It was a long and arduous read, but in the end it is all worth it!!!
0380002930|5.0|This book is one that will truly change your perspective on the human race.  It is written so that we can see how we really look and behave, but safely through the eyes of our furry friends.  This book takes over where Orwell left off in Animal Farm.  A brilliant alegory that weaves a tale much more complex than Orwell delivered.  Not limted to totlaitarianism, Watership Down runs the gamut from the high of the greates triumph to the lows of mortal defeat.  Adams is a classic storyteller with a flare that is rarely seen in today's writers.
0060801263|5.0|i read this book when i was 11 years old. <BR>i am now,24, and although i keep reading excellent books ,before i fall asleep, i always read the one book that shaped and marked my childhood years for ever. <BR>and this book is called:&quot;a tree grows in brooklyn&quot; <BR>thank you,mrs betty smith..
006016848X|5.0|This book is something everyone should read. It makes so much sense. Not all of it might pretain to you, but I'm sure most of it will...and what doesn't will pretain to someone you know. Its also good for a laugh.
B000000WF0|3.0|I like &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; .  Other tracks on this CD are average at best.  Many (if not most)  drone on and on.  The lyrics didn't do much for me either.
B000002MFQ|5.0|I first heard this compilation in a listening station waiting for a friend.  Right then I bought it and have enjoyed his reverent melodies ever since.  If you like instrumental music, give Mike a chance.  I promise you won't be sorry.
0898159156|5.0|Just saw a pre-pub copy.  This book has comprehensive detail enough for the botanist and basic &quot;how to&quot; and &quot;not to&quot; so I won't kill my plants.  I like Peter D'Amato's sense of humour. It's good &quot;garden&quot; writing with twisted picture captions.  Beautiful photographs and lots of them.
0060925000|5.0|This is easily the finest new novel I've read in the last ten years.  Don't be put off by its mammoth length.  A writer of major talent; a novel of remarkable skill and breadth.  This Tolstoyan saga of four families teems with characters and action that are compelling and utterly convincing; the novel is of such scope that by the end we have a living portrait of a whole society.  This is a novel you will be sorry to see come to an end.  Do yourself a favor and don't miss it.  Highest recommendation.
0812548094|2.0|Robert Jordan must be furious if he's read any of the Book of Truth series.  It is astonishing how many similarities there are between Stone of Tears and Jordan's Wheel of Time series.  Between the Aes Sedai and the Sisters of the Light.  Between the Black Sedai and the Sisters of the Dark.  Oh, I could go on, but why bother?  Terry Goodkind's series just isn't worth the effort.  Why?  Because unlike Jordan, Goodkind has not told a real story.  Instead of developing the plot, so that events that occur throughout the novel lead, inextricably, to the conclusion, Goodkind simply lays out events which finally and inexplicably run to the conclusion.  Nor are the characters developed in the way that Jordan develops his, so that by the end of the second volume in the Wheel series, we understand who Rand, Mat, and the other characters are.  Ultimately, Stone of Tears seemed amateurish and childish -- a not uncompelling story poorly told.
B000002518|5.0|Rich, earthy, mellow music.  This CD actually has very few vocal tracks on it;  primarily guitar, tambourine and various other campfire percussion.  I recommend this CD even for those who would not usually consider themselves great Dylan fans.  It's excellent music for road trips or long winter evenings.  A great soundtrack for life.
B000002UD7|5.0|This album from Pet Shop Boys is one of the best! It includes &quot;Always On My Mind&quot; track, which is a global hit.
0553378384|5.0|I was reading one of the other comments from an astrologer of over 20 years.  I disagree with her.  She didn't read the introduction chapters of the book which stated to relate the house ruler and read that chapter.  Jan Spiller has written a phenominal peice of work.  I felt like I was reading a story about my life.  Everyone I have turned this book on to has enjoyed it immensely.  We need more Angels like Jan in this world, to help sort out some of the &quot;old and set in there ways&quot; Astrologers that are out there.  The Universe is constantly changing and so is Astrology, to be set in your ways about the interpretation of the &quot;way it used to be&quot; is not leaving room to learn new perspective, which this book so boldly gives you.  This is one of my top ten favorite books.  Her other book Spiritual Astrology is just as great, read that one too.  Peace...
0899663036|5.0|When I read &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; I found that you experience all emotions in it. One time you could be sad, or one time you could be happy. One time you could be so mad that you wanted to put down the book and one time you could be proud of the characters. No matter what, &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; is a very good book for all ages.
0375701427|5.0|It seems Roth has gotten away from the cliches of his later works. Often only the titles have changed. American Pastoral shows what Roth is capable of writing. There is much more depth to this story which show how one man's American dream turned sour. In times of great change does anyone have it all?                                      Roth has won a lot of awards of late which I don't think he deserved. This book wins on its own merits and not on Phillip's reputation. I liked his sly dig at post-modernism when he described Swede as post-Jewish and his wife as post-Catholic.
0804106304|1.0|Hmm, having posted a review, I am a little surprised to be told by the reader from Rowland Heights &quot;who are you&quot; to speak about China simply because I'm from Taiwan. I hope I'll at least be given a chance to explain.  Taiwan is part of China.  During the communist takeover of the mainland China, there were Chinese people from all 35 provinces of China that escapted to Taiwan.  Therefore, growing up in Taiwan was like growing up in a miniature China, where I got to meet people from all over China, each with their own habits.  I loved it because there were definitely differences between people from Peking, people from Shanghai, people from Sandong...  I got to know each people. In fact, when I grew up in Taiwan, we leanred all the classical Chinese literature, and the classical Chinese writing, when the people on mainland China were going through the Cultural Revolution, and a simplified version of written Chinese.  Enough said on this personal stuff.  I do agree with the reader from Rowland Heights that things like arranged marriage, people running from bombs happened.  But these were things long past.  Therein lies what I feel about Joy Luck Club not being the &quot;real&quot; China.  The older-generation characters in Joy Luck Club are a very strange group.  They had immigrated to a foreign country, and were dealing with alienations in a foreign land.  They're trapped in their little corner of Chinatown.  The Chinese people portrayed in Iron And Silk are common people living in China.  Give it a read, and you will see the difference.  Reading Iron And Silk, I smile and say to myself, these are the people I've known when I grew up in Taiwan.  They represented a cross section of many types of Chinese.  Reading Joy Luck Club, I frown and feel sorry for the young people who might think this is what being Chinese is all about.  Joy Luck Club is hailed as a book about the conflicts between &quot;Chinese&quot; and &quot;American&quot; cultures.  Well, Joy Luck Club is hardly the sole representa! tion of &quot;Chinese culture&quot;.  This was the reason I pleded for the English teachers to put Iron And Silk on their reading lists.  It's a fun book about an American martial art student's travels in China.  I would rather my kids see the bigger China than a corner of Chinatown.  Thanks.Club is hardly the sole representa! tion of &quot;Chinese culture&quot;.  This was the reason I pleded for the English teachers to put Iron And Silk on their reading lists.  It's a fun book about an American martial art student's travels in China.  I would rather my kids see the bigger China than a corner of Chinatown.  Thanks.
B000001FS6|5.0|I Consider this is the best cd from U2, because is a combination of others production and you can enjoy the &quot;climate&quot; of living concerts.
0385311400|2.0|I guess it had to happen, but hope against hope, I thought here was one writer who could sustain her readers' interest throughout the entire series. Well, dear reader, it turns out she is just another &quot;romance writer&quot;--a term she hates. I, too, was enchanted by the first three novels in this series, but this one is so very disappointing--Brianna's a jerk, Roger is a wimp and Jamie-alas!-just another boorish character who resorts to violence. The use of the standard &quot;bodice-ripper&quot; devise of creating a situation where the young lovers have a mis-understanding, are separated for most of the book, and then re-unite at the end was too trite for words. And Claire! Where is her fire, her passion, her independence! All now reduced to a haus frau! I think Ms. Gabaldon has too many irons in the fire-a book edited by her on writings by mothers and daughters is due out soon. She threatens to leave her loyal readers of the Outlander series hanging while she starts another series. (See her web page.) For God sakes-quit milking the cash cow and give your readers what they deserve-a great ending to a (sometimes) superior series.
B000003N7G|5.0|This is a supreme achievement by one of the greatest small groups in the history of Jazz.  Rarely are the spiritual and the visceral so closely intertwined.  Coltrane's earthly tenor saxophone begins on the ground and takes of into the sky.  Regarded by many this master's finest work, it's also one of his most accessible.
0679736646|5.0|Rather like one of PKD's own novels, (post)modernity seems to be converging into PKD's &quot;Weltanschauung&quot;. Once read, impossible not to consider every week or even day - ubik indeed!
0684874350|5.0|I will read it again, and anxiously await  Mr. McCourt's next book.  Mesmerizing, moving, incredible.
B000002H2H|4.0|I think old Metallica was better than new because it was more honest. Todays metallica sounds almost like somekind of popgroup, i think next they will hire woman vocalist(they dont have long hair anymore!!!) But the old Metallica is really killer.
B000002JEV|5.0|The first day I got this CD I listened to the whole thing numerous times.  The only time it leaves my CD players is when I take it with me so I can put it in my discman or in a vehicle.  I love hearing bands live and this is the closest I will ever get to hearing them live.  The live version of Stairway to Heaven is awesome and I have to say one of the greatest songs of all time, if not the greatest.  The CD should be in every Zeppelin fans collection and if you get it it will probably never leave your player either.
B0000062S0|5.0|They are back,...subtle and power,the Zeppelin magicians are here,once again and I think they are going to stay with us,quite a long time more Walking into Clarksdale,it's a delicious album with a delicate piece like &quot;shining in the light&quot; (mind landscapes music),that oriental mix in &quot;most high&quot;,the bluesy-voice of Plant in &quot;when the world was young&quot;,and an incredible guitar solo from page ,surely ,a &quot;no risk buy&quot;,rock at his best. I strongly recommend this package of creativity to anyone that like to explore new musical worlds.
B000002NHR|5.0|This album is the best and the latest of the three released so far by the Prodigy. All of the tracks are great, however, Breathe is absolutely phenomenal. Check it out :-)
B0000033TE|5.0|Brain Salad Surgery is simply one of the finest albums ever recorded.  From the restrained interpretation of &quot;Jerulsalem&quot; to the powerful majesty of &quot;Karn Evil 9&quot; , this opus showcases all the best qualities of progressive rock.  As a group effort, it stands as ELP's masterpiece.  This is an album that connects on all fronts: conceptually, musically and emotionally.  I hear something different in it every time I play it.  For some, it may be an acquired taste, but it is worth the effort.
0060392584|5.0|i bought the book soon after it came out because i am a big manson fan. this book was awesome! i mean...even if you dont like manson this book is still interesting.my favorite part was when(back in the old days before anti-christ) they went to disneyland on acid.  heh..down with the &quot;sheep&quot; hail the blessed cow ;) l8r kids
0684833395|5.0|I've read this book about half a year ago and it was definitely one of the funniest and yet eye opening and myth shattering books i've ever read. The catch is obscure and indefineable but it's there everywhere. I'm in the army and i see people trying to get out yossriain does all the time and get the same answers. The catch is there. I live it every day. Joseph Heller depicted it in great accuracy -  after reading it i had to think a lot more about  the way i'm going to continue my military service.
0060392584|5.0|This book cleared the way of Manson into the lives of America.  Now, all the Moral Right will have an avenue of attack besides second-hand knowledge.  I still find it humorous that all of the negative messages are from supposed &quot;Christians&quot; and do not have one forgiving bone in their body.  I feel for Manson on the grounds that people exploit his Satanic (read: humanism) beliefs and have never even read the Satanic Bible.  Also, he exposes the &quot;American Dream&quot; for what it is: FAKE
B000005J56|5.0|A must for apsolutely everybody, regardless of music type they listen! Good for  dancing, comuting, relaxing, making love, gardening, raising a child and just about anything else! Buy it now, as well as other two records produced by Ry Cooder and lovely old Cuban musicians (&quot;Afro Cuban All Stars&quot; and &quot;Introducing Ruben Gonzalez&quot;)
031218087X|4.0|First of all, you must remember that this is fiction.  I've seen many reviewers complain about the technological accuracy or whatever in this book.  Remember:  it is fiction, written by an english teacher.  Keep that in mind and you could enjoy the book.  It has an interesting plot and lots of action.  The sequences in Spain are humorous.  Sure the characters are a little underdeveloped and certain aspects of the plot are ludicrous, but it is an enjoyeable read.  Mind candy.  I just can't believe that nobody has heard of the NSA.  I've known about them since I was a little kid.  My biggest problem with the book is the code at the end, which I can't seem to figure out (I guess cryptology isn't my area).
B000003TAW|5.0|Weezer is definitely one of the coolest bands. At first I bought the CD for the Buddy Holly song because it was great and the music video was entertaining. But then listening to the whole CD I realized that ALL of the songs were awesome and it was one of those rare CDs that I could put in and not want to skip over any of the songs. A must have. Gosh I feel like Siskel or Ebert. And that scares me. : ) A 10+
B000005HF9|5.0|While later Miles focused on smaller groups and beautiful weavings of different tonalities, here, he is very young and quite assured handling 9-10 players and instruments not often found on jazz albums.  Obviously aware of Diz's bop and the Big Band, Mile explores a third dimension, neither technical virtuosity nor kickin' dance songs but a place of melody, space, articulation, modulation, integration - and this was just the beginning!
B000000WFF|4.0|Okay, so I'm not the biggest Spice Girls fan but I have to admit that this CD is awesome.  The songs are so upbeat that it just makes your toes tap and before you know it you are dancing around without a care.  To all those critics... the Girls can sing, quite well I might add, and to recognize their individual voices on each of these tracks is really great.  I recommend this CD to anyone who likes to dance, hey maybe it will spice up YOUR life!
0451163486|5.0|Eye of needle was last Follets books i have readed but the books are all so good that i cant say which is best. Eye of needle is story about german spy who lives in Great Britain in middle of World war II. I cant say anything else but this man can write good book everytime he takes pen in his hand. I recommend to anybody
B000001GBJ|5.0|Songs from a Secret Garden sound just like the title says... and the liner notes are correct -- the lush, dramatic music takes you into your own secret garden within... the violin, oh, the violin... lovely, lovely music that will steal your heart and soul.
B000001EXB|5.0|An excellent CD, a must have for both the avid collector and the new EJ fan...tracks like &quot;Something About the Way...&quot; and &quot;I Can't Steer My Heart...&quot; show EJ's emotional and poetic side, while rockers like &quot;If The River Can Bend&quot; and &quot;Wicked Dreams&quot; show off his impeccable and unrivaled sense of melody and music. In all, it shows off Elton's amazing versatility, and it almost can't be put into words the amount of emotions this CD can make you feel, but all I know is that it one of those you don't know how you lived without after you get it! You'll probably think so, too, so don't miss out...buy THE BIG PICTURE!
B000001ES4|5.0|Secret Garden has done it again... wonderful music that takes you into your soul. Illumination is my favorite... over and over and over... the same lush violin and instrumentation, a bit softer and less dramatic, except, of course, for Illumination. Worth adding to your collection.
0553108034|5.0|I usually don't read fantasy novels. It seems that many of them are too predictable or a bit cliche. A Game of Thrones is neither of these.  Martin's writing is both intelligent and exciting with surprises where you wouldn't expect them.  I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed the book.  I'm a picky reader but I recommend this book for those who want a brilliant escape.
B0000062GK|3.0|Crystal Planet is not too bad of a buy. Train of Angels and Ceremony which are great songs really save it. This however is not a CD I would listen to strait through.
1853260002|5.0|Jane Austen has a wonderful style of writing.  She has written many wonderful novels, this being the best. 5 girls out with thier mother insisting they find a husband.  The oldest falls in love, only to find that his sister and his friend are out to keep them apart.  But the real dilema however is when Lizzy finds herself in love with the nastiest, most proud man she has ever met.  Go and read this wonderful novel the first chance you get.
0465068359|5.0|As a modern history student I thought that I knew a great deal about history and WWII in particular.  I was shocked to read about the atrocities that occurred in the city of Nanking.  Iris Chang's book is one of the first major attempts to uncover and understand what happened in Nanking.  Her book is hard to put down as she takes the reader, first through eyewitness accounts, and then through her own analysis of why the massacre happened and who has played a role in the cover up. This book is telling on the actual massacre, as well as the Japanese mindset regarding their role in WWII atrocities.
0060174900|5.0|I first read this book when I was a teenager and was totally enthralled by it.  It has stayed with me through the years and now a 30 something wife and mother I understand it even more.  Now as then when I read this book I &quot;feel&quot; the bell jar surround me.  For a writer to get inside ones head that way I think is the sign of a great book.
0380713802|5.0|I have never laughed so loud from a book in my life.  His Swiss riddles still make me giggle.  The only reason I am giving the book a 9 and not a 10 is that he hated Florence, and anyone that hates Florence deserves to be punished!
0684874350|5.0|As a journalist, I can appreciate Mr. McCourt's efforts to tell the truth, no matter how unappealing it may be. His story is a truly horrific one, although I grew up in an environment in which many of the same tough childhood stories are real. As for those who don't care for Mr. McCourt's blunt style, you are entitled to your opinion. I thought it made the story even more realistic and would suggest this book to anyone who understands that life isn't always an episode of &quot;Leave it to Beaver&quot; and is willing to hear the truth.
0684874350|4.0|Frank McCourt's memoir about the troubles of his childhood was a good read, and I would recommend it.<br />However, it was not perfect.  The story lacked an emotional connection for me.  I was able to be concerned about his problems, to care for him, and hope the best for him, but I didn't experience his feelings or feel his pain.<br />I think the reason for this is the writing style McCourt used.  It detracted from the psychological connection, but the style was also it's best asset.  Instead of viewing the world from the outside, he presented it to us from behind the filtering eyes of his childhood.  At first it was something of a distraction, but after about the first fifty pages the language became transparent and let me see what Frank saw.  It was a simple vision that didn't see detail and didn't convey much emotion, but it was a direct connection.  He didn't waste space by using quotes around speech, it was simply presented as a part of the stream of input.  It was just a method to connect our minds, while fatally disconnecting the strong emotion.  The language also grew in time letting me see life through the eyes of a growing child, but it just didn't allow me to feel with him.<br />On another front, the subject of his sexual awakening has been criticised by some, but it pales in comparison to that as described in a number of other books.  I personally feel that if McCourt had left out the subject altogether the book would have been incomplete.  There was no graphic description of his acts, just the fact that he did them.<br />In all it was a good book, just not the 'Best Book I Ever Read!'
0449227421|2.0|Having read many of Mr. Follett's books (Eye of the Needle, Key to Rebecca), I expected great things. What a disappointment! He must have phoned this one in--or maybe someone else wrote this book. It would make a great beach read if you can stand the improbable female characters, wooden dialogue, stupid mistakes by smart people. The premise is given away by the title so there is little intrigue. And the characters remain inconsistent throughout. Also, the academic atmosphere is bogus and stereotypical. And to add insult to injury, the salary quoted for the protagonist, given her degrees and reputation, is way out of line--no decent university would be able to attract her for a mere $30,000. I had to check the publication date on this book when I read that!<br />An OK read if you aren't too particular. It moved quickly, thank God, and I am on to other titles in my extensive To Be Read pile!
B000001DWG|5.0|We listen to this CD at work every day - at least twice... has  awesome feel and energy - good clean rock music. Deane Holland
0399128964|5.0|How often do you find a book of moderate length with original and complex characters, set in a compelling historical and physical context, that has a complete story arch that lets you close the book satisfied?  Infrequently, especially in the world of Sci-Fi. It is the accomplishment of all of these that allows &quot;Dune&quot; -- if not its sequels -- to hold its own among all the great stories of our time.  <br /> Many others here have written about Herbert's brilliant character development and his incredible creativity in conceiving the world of &quot;Dune&quot;.  I would like to call your attention, though, to the satisfaction that comes from reading a well thought out story that is told deftly and with passion.  All too often in Science Fiction (and non-Sci Fi for that matter) we see books premised on a few ideas that go nowhere as a story.  Authors have very original ideas that suck us into the book, tease us along for a while, and then end the story with a fizzle, dragging us into a morass of over-wrought characters and needlessly complicated plot-lines.  Neal Stephenson's &quot;The Diamond Age&quot; is a perfect example.  Your feeling after the first 50 pages is, &quot;What a cool idea! This is great!&quot;  But the book ends up taking you on a long, slow downhill ride with an ending that is nowhere close to the brilliance of the original concept. <br />&quot;Dune&quot; does not do this.  It lifts you gently into the main story, making sure to point out the relevant characters and side-plots as you go along, builds your anticipation over its entirety, and continually keeps you fresh and interested.  The resolution is complete and timely, and doesn't leave you slogging through 20 meaningless pages at the end.  When you finish, you can look back and say, &quot;What a great story, and what a great storyteller.&quot;  <br />I believe the goal of all fiction should be to make readers say that, and with &quot;Dune&quot; Frank Herbert has definitely made me say it.
0399128964|1.0|AN UTTERLY ABSURD AND INORDINATLY LONG BOOK THAT INEXPLICABLY SPAWNED NUMEROUS SEQUELS THAT RESIDE ON THE SAME LITERARY LEVEL AS THE ORIGINAL.BORDOM, POMPOSITY AND PRETENTOUSNESS DO NOT A GOOD BOOK MAKE AND THAT IS PERHAPS MORE EVIDENT HERE THAN IN ANY OTHER BOOK I HAVE EVER READ.THE PLOT IS BIZARRE AND STRONGLY AKIN TO THOSE OF THE 50'S B-MOVIES THAT WE ARE SO APT TO FORGET,THE DIALOGUE IS LEADEN AND THE STYLE IS  HEAD GRINDINGLY BAD.
0395860210|4.0|The plot of American Pastoral can be described briefly. Indeed, the plot details are so few and far between, the story of Swede Levov could probably be told in a short story. But Roth, who apparently despises indentation, enjoys rambling endlessly about ... well, everything. Granted, Roth has a gift for prose, so his ramblings are more often then not well-written and carefully researched. But, they are ramblings nontheless, and one is always impatiently trying to slog one's way through this two-page long paragraph in order to get to some PLOT. This is a novel of emotion and inner pain, which Roth is effective in capturing. 400 pages of pain is a bit much, though, especially when nothing is happening. My favorite line in the novel: Merry, the daughter, when asked to write about what life really means, is able to summarize her thoughts in a single line. &quot;Life is the short period of time in which we are alive.&quot;
B000001E7L|5.0|Major improvement (if possible) from their first production.  Best tracks:  Ode to my Family, Zombie, Ridiculous Thoughts.
B0000025ZF|4.0|In the late 1970s, Roger Waters sat the other members of Pink Floyd down and played them two demo tapes.  One, he said, he would make into an album/movie with the band, the other he would do as a solo project.  One was &quot;The Wall,&quot; the other was &quot;The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking.&quot;<br /> While I think the band made the right choice, Waters's first solo album does have some catchy riffs (how could it not, with Eric Clapton on guitar?), especially in the title song which I think is the album's strongest track.  The album covers a man's early-morning dream sequence, which -- as you can guess from the song titles -- ventures into nightmare more often than not.  The recurring theme is fear of loneliness, which dissipates as soon as the narrator wakes up next his beloved.  Both musically and conceptually, I think this is the best of Waters's solo albums.
B000002VMH|5.0|I cannot describe adequately how much I love this disc.  It has a song for every mood, even silliness (&quot;Keep Young and Beautiful&quot;).  Paradise!
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourts Memoirs were so beautifully written  I hated for the book to end.  I can't wait for his  next book.  Through the supreme telling of the story I felt what the characters felt and wept when they wept and chuckled out loud at some of the child's observations of young Frankie.  This book was a great read and I am suggesting it as a suggestion for our reading group for discussion.  I reccommend it to anyone.
0345403959|5.0|Eddings has attempted and succeded to bring to view a history of the events leading up to the Belgariad and the Mallorean. Eddings's control of the english language is incredible. If you enjoyed the Belgariad, Belgareth is a must read.-J.C.Allen
B000002NJS|4.0|Too true - this album is way different from before.  Never been a Madonna fan, but bought this the second I heard it.  The lyrics won't blow you away - but they are certainly introspective. And boy does it groove!!  Whoo wah!
B000002MI4|5.0|This is the finest album Costello has put together - his range and talent is surpassed by none...<br />The quartet's musical brilliance combines Costello's (humble)genius to make The Juliet Letters the best buy of the nineties.<br />My only question is:  can Costello top this?  Congrats to the mussos and everyone who was involved in the making of this incredible album.  <br />You created magic!!!
B000005RRF|4.0|This is classic Marillion.  Lyrics are very poetic, though sometimes they go a little overboard on that &quot;angry, depressing dreamscape&quot; that progressive musicians are so known for.  The music itself is superb:  Wild rhythm changes, clean, melodic guitar-playing, and lush keyboards that nevertheless don't overpower the whole production.  Warning to new listenters: Fish's voice can grate on the ears of those unused to either Scottish inflection or his style of vocal production.  You have to get used to it.
6300214710|5.0|In the 1980's U.S., of course teen flicks were the rage, and who other than John Hughes would bring it to us?  While Reaganism saturated politics and conservative notions of a &quot;classless&quot; society were rapidly being thrown about, Pretty in Pink arrived.  Although all of Hughes' teen-angst films of the 80's dealt with class issues in the predominantly white high schools of the U.S., Pretty in Pink demonstrates the most critical viewpoint of class, consumerism, capitalism, and how they all affect the high school hierarchy of popularity in suburban and more small town schools in the U.S. in comparison to its contemporaries like Some Kind of Wonderful, The Breakfast Club, or 16 Candles. Pink's main character, Andi, is a young woman from a lower-working class, single parent household.  She is academically robust, semi-financially independent, creative and thrifty, and assertive. She doesn't try to &quot;play the game&quot; of the &quot;richies,&quot; as she calls them, and rather, she stands up for herself and her friends in the face of &quot;benevolent&quot; middle to upperclass school administrators (read: the principal), smitten and haughty female classmates (read: benny and her friends), and exploitive and egotistical male classmates (read: Stef).  Her relationship with Blane is something which she takes with a grain of salt, and while she feels great affection for Blane, she is frank about her personal boundaries of acceptable behavior and treatment.  Thus, from a feminist perspective, Andi is a welcome young female character in the 80's Hollywood theatre which usually provides female characters so constructed by dominant ideologies that they no longer differ from each other, and become a token image (for example, the main character in Girls Just Wanna Have Fun or Cindy's friends in the film Can't Buy Me Love).  While the film is not immune from this tokenism, it offers definite progress in comparison to the aforementioned examples.   The film also takes adifferent approach to the then increasing &quot;phenomenon&quot; of the single-parent household (which was/is usually headed by the mother), in the fact that Andi's father runs the household.  While he struggles with his wife's abandonment, this seems to heavily influence his ambition to &quot;find a job.&quot;  While this issue is not awarded much complexity in the film, it is at least mentioned, and hopefully encourages viewers to critically discuss this situation outside of the film.   For a mainstream film, Pretty in Pink offers many alternatives to the popular films so-far of 1998. Rather uninterrogated images of class differences and class oppression like those seen in Titanic or in Clueless provide a surface critique of class hierarchy and how it permeates youth cultures and high school &quot;societies.&quot;  I recommend Pretty in Pink with the utmost sincerity.  While it proves problematic in certain areas, no film exists outside of power structures, culture, or oppression and it is our task as viewers to critically immerse ourselves in discussions of film and cinema.     END
0671004107|3.0|Although Sagan's novel wasn't bad, the movie was in fact better.  Sagan tends to go off on a tangent for three chapters and goes into extraordinary amounts of detail about some things, and not nearly enough about others.  The book seems to be even closer to how such an event would happen in real life than the movie, but to the point where it becomes tedious and boring at times.  Character development in the movie was actually better.  Read the book if you have the chance, definately go see the movie!
044651506X|5.0|On the flight from Tokyo to SFO, I'm reading this and laughing so hard I wake up the people around me.  A great lead character in Corey -- determined, gutsy, and funny, and an out-there plot that just could have been true.  Impossible to put down!
0385474547|4.0|Things Fall Apart is a book about the crises of the main character, Okwondo, and how English colinization influenced his culture.  The English came over, established churches for the missionaries, and converted many Ibo to Christianity.  Religion was the center of the Ibo, and once that was broken up, the tribe went downward from there.
B000002MFN|5.0|I have always enjoyed Madonna's good humor, and her constant companionship, her albums and wroks enrich my daily life, as well as my imaginary worlds that I dream about.  This album was a true testament of her dedication to herself, to her life.  She is an incredible influence, and this album is tamer than one might think.  A bit risque, but shining with integrity and value.  Masterfully constructed and endlessly replayable.  Thank you Madonna, for opening my eyes.
1563523302|3.0|The basic principles endorsed by the MNDs (live below your means, save, invest, and don't waste your money on ostentation) are sound, and I agree that we'd all be better off if we followed them.  On the other hand, there's nothing intrinsically admirable about being a millionaire, and it's possible to follow these principles and still be a scumbag. It's high time we in this country got over our focus on &quot;how much ___ you have&quot; and learned how to LIVE WELL -- and that has more to do with your attitude than your bank balance.<BR>  To me, a good life includes meaningful work, solid relationships with your family and friends, participating membership in your community, a rich mental, emotional, and spiritual life, and a living situation that supports all of these.  Some MNDs have these, and some don't.  I'm far more interested in hearing about people who live well -- whatever the size of their bank balance -- than  in many of the self-absorbed, money-obsessed misfits chronicled in this book.
0375701427|5.0|Wow. I just finished reading this book. What strikes me is the intensity of the voice, particularly the relentless driving forward as we are sped to the conclusion. I read some of the comments on this page last week before starting American Pastoral, and the criticism that stuck with me (and left me apprehensive) as I began was that the book was too much rumination and not enough story. I would disagree. The ruminating voice, the voice that expands and diverts and tangents and returns again works simply because that IS the consistent voice of this book.<br />I also liked that while we are told the story from the Swede's point of view, and that his point of view builds throughout the book so that we move from initially being outside of it (at the high school reunion and before) to being totally immersed in it, that there is more than enough room in the arguments from others (particularly Jerry's during the phone call to Florida) to question whether the Swede's viewpoint is sound just because it is the dominant viewpoint.<br />My favourite moment was the serious unraveling of the dinner party and the popping up of a most un-Swede-like shadow in nasty little thoughts as one thing after another fell apart (&quot;...when Dawn and Orcutt ran off to live in this cardboard house, he and Sheila could run off to Puerto Rico after all. And if, as a result, his father dropped dead, well, they'd just have to bury him. That's what they'd do: bury him deep in the ground&quot;).<br />But even then, before anything can build for long, there is the diversion back to Dawn and his adoration of Dawn.<br />As for one critic here who suggested that the book was hard to follow, after reading Gravity's Rainbow for the first time just previous to beginning this book I have no difficulty in confirming that American Pastoral is completely, marvelously lucid.
B000003JBM|5.0|I was first introduced to Guru's Jazzmatazz in 1993 when Acid Jazz was big on the West coast, but had not reached my ears on the East Coast. While it's categorized as rap in many music stores, it's a hybrid of hip-hop and jazz, thus the moniker of Acid Jazz. [NOT to be confused with smooth jazz resembling &quot;elevator music.&quot;] <br />Guru is its maistro, conducting distinguished guests like the smooth voiced N'dea Davenport and smooth guitarist Ronny Jordan - each stars with their own careers. <br />Guru's &quot;No Time to Play&quot; is an anthem for hard working people from hip business man to funky construction workers. And when we do play, Guru offers, &quot;Loungin&quot; as our theme song. <br />Different styles and tempos come together in this urban quilt of jazz samples and vocal textures to make one of my favorite CDs. <br />If you like a groove, but prefer the kind of sophisticated cool you can play even for your parents over the hard core you only listen to when you're in full party mode, Jazzmatazz is for you. And good news - Jazzmatazz has a sequal, Jazzmatazz II, for its biggest fans!
6300248550|5.0|I have seen just about every version thus far made of Jane Eyre and it was only until I stumbled upon the BBC version played by Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke that I truly fell in love with Charlotte Bronte's magnificent work.  Many have proclaimed that the actors do not fulfill the complexity of their original story-book characters, but I must refute such thoughts.  Timothy Dalton could not have placed any more emotion and life into the harsh character that he is in Bronte's book, and the same being for Zelah Clarke who, although I thought was underwritten in some parts, portrayed the very images that the reader might have conjured as they read the book.  And, in comparison to the other movie versions, this much more lengthy script performs better as we (the audience) gets to see the troubling and hurtful life Clarke's character, Jane Eyre, had to endure as she grew up in a charity school for girls and the cold-heartedness of her aunt.  I have to give two thumbs up for this brilliant adaptation of such an elegant and romantic drama story.  It takes the audience back in time and allows them to experience the life and love of Jane Eyre, which Charlotte Bronte so wanted to grant her readers.     END
B000005JA8|5.0|Definitely not for everyone and impossible to classify, Trout Mask Replica remains as influential, groundbreaking, wonderful and weird as it was 30 years ago.  Hardly anybody bought it then and few will buy it now even though it has been cited as a seminal influence by many musicians. The music and instrumentation is stunning as is the standard of musicianship.  The lyrics are startling and impenetrable, often depending on alliteration and onomatopoeia.  Folklore has it that the entire double album was recorded in a field in 24 hours. We have Frank Zappa to thank for the production and the original release.
1565111702|5.0|I was surprised by the rather divisive views expressed by other readers.  Written at the height of her powers, Jane Austen's &quot;Emma&quot; boasts some of the most memorable charaters and the most lucid conversations in English literature.  And such penetrative understanding of love and relationships!  How they came to a woman who never married herself is always a wonder to me.
1567184855|5.0|I have read this book over a year ago and still suggest some to read it.   For those of you that wonder or question the reason of your existence you may find this book very interesting.   It also may shed some light on why you may feel that you have known certain people for a long time even though you may have just met.    Nothing is a coincidence.
1573225517|5.0|This is an era of literature where too often an author compromises either the integrity of the ending or the tenor of the story in the name of a &quot;better&quot; tale.  Nick Hornby distills Rob Fleming, his friends, his business and his relationships into painfully clear, unartistic still photographs - but the resulting collage is stunning.  This is the story of a thirtysomething man who loved his adolescence, honestly believes the love of his life will have a compatible record collection, and comforts himself by drawing analogies between his new, responsibility-laden adulthood and the music of his youth.  It's easy to draw parallels between Rob and yourself, but I believe Hornby's is a cautionary tale - about when to grow up, and about how to do it without becoming your parents in the process.  On my 5-title short list of best books I've ever read.
B000001EHS|5.0|Vault is every Def Leppard fan's dream come true -- a collection of greatest hits covering 15 rocking years, from High and Dry to the present!!  The only thing better is to see them in person in concert to experience the tremendous energy and emotion that is Def Leppard!!  While Steve's loss and Rick's accident were terrible blows, the band kept up the spirit and Vivian Campbell's addition made the band that much better.  This is a great CD--but put your headphones on so you don't disturb the neighbors.  It is best enjoyed at max volume!!
B000002NFM|1.0|I have listened to all Prodigy musics. I used to be a Prodigy fan in the very beggining, but now, I am very disappointed in the way that things are going. This third album has little immagination, a small bit of music, and a lot of comercial stuff to make a lot of sucess around the world. &quot;Smack my bitch up&quot;, &quot;Firestarter&quot; and even &quot;Breathe&quot; are good, but not that good. In the &quot;Music for the Jilted Generation&quot; album, you can listen to more details, the music is more *music* than in this album. And that last music... *shakes his head* So I don't like the album. If you want to buy, buy mine, I'll sell you cheaper ;).
B000002O7C|4.0|This soundtrack creates an aura of mystery and fantasy causing the listner to sit and imagine the great submarine cruising through the deep waters of the Atlantic.
B000001FFJ|5.0|I think this album is great. It has a carnival like tone to it in my opinion.  I love the use of different insrtuments. :)
0670880728|4.0|I LOVED this book.  For many reasons.  It made me laugh out loud so many times that I felt GREAT;  I found many of the things that Bridge went through in that year so like my own life lately:  being single (well in my case, newly - I'd be perfect for her mother's tv spot but I dont confess to feeling suicidal thoughts); trudging off late to work almost every day as I search for tights without &quot;ladders&quot;; being obsessive about calorie and ciggie counting; stressing over why mr hottie at work has not answered my email of 4 mintues ago; looking for mr. right and hating every man with f#ckwittage; etc etc etc.  I just loved this book and have already recommended it to all of my girlfriends.   Bridget Jones, I can relate!!!
0440178002|5.0|The best book ever vritten! I can just say:Read it! It's the fifth time I'm reading it now!
B000002BFZ|4.0|&quot;No Code&quot; came on the back of &quot;vitology&quot;, an album seen as a commercial failure by many.Whilst Vitology focused itself on heavy guitar riffs and roof top vocals, No code marked a new maturity within the band and with the addition of the very talented Jack Irons(brilliant during &quot;In my tree&quot;)the group explored new sounds, heard in the middle eastern sounding &quot;who you are&quot;, unfortunatly many of their fans who adored them with ten and Vs were unable to apreciate what i believe to be the best display of Eddie Vedders singing talent, illustrated during &quot;off he goes&quot; and the melencholic &quot;present tense&quot; .This album in comparison to the crazy days of &quot;ten&quot; follows a slihtly more mellow trail. Let this not be a put off. No code is a fantastic album and shows truely a band that have come of age, finally shrugging off the Nirvana-alike status and carving out a sound unique to them.
B000002MY3|5.0|Anyone who hasn't heard of Alanis Morissette is either insane or living on a secluded island somewhere! Jagged Little Pill set many different records and is on its way to becoming the biggest selling debut in history (it's already the biggest selling debut by a female artist). Anyone who doesn't own this album should buy it. Alanis is totally awesome!!!
031218087X|5.0|The story line kept building right up to the last page.  I was very impressed with the style of writing.  There was a great deal of technology that he explained in a way that did not put one to sleep.  It flowed with the story.  The characters were well written.  Although there was a main character, every character worked to accomplish the task; a team effort.  Nice to know that one person does not &quot;save the world&quot; type of deal here.   Definitely worth picking up and reading it.
B000000OXH|5.0|This is a truly awesome CD.  The musicians in Asia are some of the finest, most talented, innovative musicians alive.  Their first CD, ASIA was also a classic and Alpha is as inspiring today as it was 14 years ago.  A must!
B000003S16|5.0|In this late 70s pop/rock masterpiece, guitar virtuoso Robert Fripp largely sets aside the bravura heroics of his King Crimson days to produce an album of songs, with cleverly placed bits of spoken word between tracks.  The songs are nearly all highly effective, with especially good contributions from Darryl Hall.  The Ballad 'North Star' is one of the finest on the books, but there are also scorchers like 'Exposure,' 'You Burn Me Up I'm a Cigarette,' and 'I May not have had Enough of Me, but I've had enough of You.'  Sprinkled throughout are brief snippets of guitar/tape-loop work ('Frippertronics' to the initiated) which works effectively to bridge the songs.  We also get to hear a few unidentified people comment moronically, and others commenting sagely.
0440131480|5.0|Don't waste time reading some pretentious, pompous, and all together boring review of BOC--just read it.
0201633612|5.0|Before you buy this, make up your mind that you are going to take a pencil and write all over it. As I was reading this, I constantly was getting new ideas and changing my thoughts on computing. I wrote throughout the pages of this book as I was thinking and it has made the book that much more endearing. A fantastic read!
B000000OPU|4.0|Has some great songs...Red Rain, In Your Eyes, Mercy Street, This is the Picture. I think the album &quot;Us&quot; is better.
0465068359|4.0|I agree with the readers who found poor editing and awkward writing in Iris Chang's book. However, those faults are easily ignored when one just follows the story and realize that the details contained in the book are not fiction. I had nightmares after reading this book, and felt as angry as Ms. Chang against those who tried to hide this horrific period. Indeed, many people still have no idea what happened in Nanking. When I mentioned the title of the book, someone refered to it as a book on &quot;obscure Chinese history.&quot; I encourage everyone to read this in order to make sure the rape of Nanking will no longer be considered obscure.
044651506X|5.0|I absolutely loved Plum Island.  I think it is one of his best novels, although I've enjoyed many of them.  The story keeps you guessing right until the end.  The main character was a real strong point, mixing a wry sense of humor with the most intense moments.  Even if you've never read DeMille, this book is one that you shouldn't miss.
0679420401|5.0|Steinbeck is one of the few writers who actually understand human behavior.  Everyone should be required to read this book and all Steinbeck novels in order to understand our history as a nation.  This book had a such beautiful symbolism that it must be read several times to catch it all!
B000005IRG|5.0|Rolling Stone once called this one of the top 100 albums of all time, and it isn't hard to see why.  This album's flawless playing and intricate songs are things of beauty, especially the 10 minute title track, on which the band in one take created possibly the best extended jam of all time.
B0000062S0|4.0|The album was a lot more calm than I would have expected. Most High is very good and that was the sort of album I expected. Other songs were good also, but many were only so so. Still I will buy Page and Plant again when the next album comes out.
0553573403|5.0|When I first started reading fantasy, I thought there was no possible way for anything to be better than Weiss and Hickman's Dragon Lance Chronicles or their trilogy of Raistlin &amp; Caramon.  Then I found Feist and his Magician Series, and I thought that nothing could top that.  Then I discovered Jordan and his Wheel of Time series and I knew, for sure, without a doubt, that it was the greatest thing I'd ever read.  And then comes A Game of Thrones...and now I have to change my mind again.  I loved everything about this book: the richly detailed world, characters you can really care about, and an engrossing and unpredictable plot.  NOW...now I know, I'm absolutely positive, that I'll never read anything better than this.  Can't wait for book 2.
B000000WFU|5.0|This CD is a very interesting one.  It's quite different than a lot you'll find.  (But I suppose that's true of almost anything....)  It features Miriam Stockley, whose incredible voice blends sometimes with just the London Philharmonic, sometimes with her own voice to give the effect of a choir.  It is sung in not a language, but with made-up words created to compliment the ethereal music.  It's something you truly have to hear to believe; it's quite remarkable.
B000005RFJ|5.0|Though &quot;Sweet Leaf&quot; is a little overplayed, the rest of this record is some of the best Black Sabbath.  The production on this record is absolutely perfect.  Basically a religious experience, are you afraid of death?  In my recent thinking about death and existance, &quot;Master of Reality&quot; is an island of warmth and consolation.  The record has a basic Christian theme, without being in any way judgemental.  Its about redemption and persaverence in the face of emptiness.
0312932081|5.0|This book moved me, it made me think, and I was reading while I was sick so I had more focus on the book. It made want to be captain of the soccer team or some thing to command, to lead, to be part of a team, to use strategy. I think you will probaly like it.
0679720200|5.0|I read this book and I love it so much.  I'm chilean and I don't speak english, but I try to do. I apologize of my english... you know. Bye.  END
B000003NA4|5.0|We thoroughly enjoyed every track of this  wonderful cd and artist.  She has an easy smooth  sound.  It fits all occasions of life.  Its great  for romantic evenings or fun with friends driving  around the wine country.  Buy it now!!!!
0345350499|5.0|Mists was the first book I read from MZB. Needless to say I loved it. The edition I bought is separated in four different books and after I finished reading the first one I was so eager to find out what was going to happen next that I immediatly bought the next. Vivianne, Igraine, Morgaine... It seemed I felt all that they felt. When they were angry I was too, when they were sad so was I and when they fell in love so did I. When I finished reading it I felt an emptiness... I didn't want it to end. I wanted to go on sharing all those wonderful characters experiences.<br />I could go on about it forever and still wouldn´t do this wonderful book justice.
0451167716|5.0|THE GODFATHER was defenitely the best book I've ever read. I'm ONLY 14 and this appealed to me more than any other.  I saw the movies about 5 times each( ALL 3 Of them ) and thought they were great.  The book NEVER stopped AMAZING ME.  IT KEPT GETTING BETTER and better.  I read it in school and got in trouble for it about 10 times.  I couldn't stopped reading.  I also read THE LAST DON, I give that a 9.9.  Can't wait to read FOOLS DIE.
0790733226|5.0|The best film I have ever seen! There are no words to describe the strength of the emotions I felt...     END
0446605409|4.0|NELSON DEMILLE IS THE MOST ENTERTAINING WRITER TODAY.  HIS STORIES ARE GRIPPING, ENTERTAINING, AND EDUCATIONAL.  HE IS SIMPLY A GREAT WRITER.  WHILE PLUM ISLAND WAS VERY GOOD, DEMILLE WILL ALWAYS BE MEASURED AGAINST WORD OF HONOR AND CHARM SCHOOL.  BEING A LONG ISLAND NATIVE I LOVE NOVELS THAT HIT SO CLOSE TO HOME.  PLUM ISLAND HAS ALWAYS BEEN A PLACE OF UNCERTAINTY, FEAR, AND MYSTERY TO ANYONE WHO HAS SEEN IT PASSING ON THE FERRY.  DEMILLE ALSO WRITES SOME GREAT SEXUALLY CHARGED TENSION SCENES.  THIS IS A WINNER.
B000000QFY|4.0|This is a good band from Holland that is a footnote in the history of late 60s - early 70s rock and roll.  Only one song, the title track, has lyrics (although there are vocal parts on some other tracks, most notably the yodelling on Hocus Pocus).  The final track, Eruption, takes up the entire 2nd side on vinyl and reminds me at times of Jethro Tull's Thick as a Brick.  While certainly not among the greatest works of all time, this is a good album and I recommend it for those looking for something with that 'classic rock' feel, but which hasn't been played to death on radio.
0312932081|5.0|The only part of this book I did not like was the ending. And that was only because I could not turn the page and read more. It is easy to get into and very difficult to put down. If you have not read Ender's Game, read it within the next month. Even if you do not like Science Fiction.
B000001Y16|5.0|Pac layz it down with da intro song &quot;Bomb First.&quot; Reminiscent to a chime hitting, chalk-board squekin', bloody-shriekin' Gravediggaz cut straight from da studio production cemetary, &quot;Bomb First&quot; is a heated and chaotic soap box frenzy for the deceased Pac. Da tune iz perfect 4 those bomb bass hittin' subs and will defintely be felt 4 blocks on end. Tupac whips-up &quot;hail mary&quot; with similar ghastly backgrounds and an errie gothic choir overtune as in &quot;Bomb 1st.&quot; Pac shows his love and respect to the city of angels in &quot;To Live and Die in L.A.&quot; &quot;Blaspemy&quot; is a clean, crisp, quick cut track dat flows only like Tupac could flow with a tidal wave of anger and volcanic outbursts by the very expressive Pac. Pac, with his cut-throat, tear-it-off-the-wall lyrical approach takes no prisoners in his belligerant track &quot;Life of an Outlaw.&quot; The track is bangin'. It's all dat and a quarter sack. <br />Like many albums before this, 2pac gives it to us straight up. No b.s., no censorship, true thug style. If your down, you probably allready got the tape and cd and half the LP memorized. But if your one of those very few that haven't snatched it up yet, We'll ahh I suggest you do so. &quot;Don Killuminati&quot; is a timeless treasure. Tupac's realism and his uncut expressive passion yearns to be listened to. From &quot;Bomb 1st&quot; to &quot;Against All Odds,&quot; every song on this album is priceless. So in short, get the album. That is if........Your Still Down!    - R.I.P Tupac  Don't worry there'z &quot;Heaven for a G'!&quot;
B000003S0K|5.0|Eno's visionary pop/rock album is a concept album without a concept. That is, when you start listening to it you realize that the theme that holds it together is disconnection. It's one long non-sequiter. And that makes it completely cohesive. Obviously influenced by Sgt. Pepper (what isn't), Eno uses the studio as an instrument, with cut and splice productions. Dense layering. Inaudible vocals in places. But also ridiculous, humorous, devious, and intentionally amateurish colorations. Also, Eno can't sing (a running joke), but he does anyway. Classic lyric: \\"Lucy you're my girl, Lucy you're a star, Lucy please be still and hide your madness in a jar but do beware. It will follow you. It will follow you.\\" from Some of Them Are Old. Also, even though it's a given that Eno can't sing, \\"Needles in the Camel's Eye\\" is one of the great, original, vocal performances of the era.
B000003S0Z|4.0|Love this album, but Eno grasps for direction after his previous grand experimental albums. Side one evokes African rhythms, ambient themes, throw-away ditties, and proto-punk pop (&quot;King's Lead Hat&quot;). Side two explores vocal and  lush instrumental soundscapes. Brilliant pieces adding up to somewhat of a muddle.
B000000W5L|5.0|This is, quite simply, the best double album in history, and quite possibly the best album ever.  The Rolling Stones had been experimenting with various forms of roots music, including gospel, blues, and country, on their previous albums, but here they show themselves to be true masters of these styles.     Although the core of the album are the gritty Berry-style tunes, like &quot;Rocks Off&quot;  and &quot;All Down the Line,&quot;  they represent just a small portion of the musical breadth of the album.  On &quot;Sweet Virginia&quot; and &quot;Hip Shake,&quot; they flash exuberant mastery of the blues, and soar through the gospel on &quot;Just Want to See his Face&quot; and &quot;Let it Loose.&quot;   There is so much more to the album - the Stones' newfound concentration on group dynamics, the incredible cast of studio talent they tapped, the incredible consistency of all the tracks - that it would be impossible to describe it all here.  Just buy it and listen, over and over again, and experience the triumph of a group of wizards playing at their peak.  It is a moment like no other in rock history.
B000002BQK|5.0|Any one who listens to the album can feel the vibes from each and every song.  Mariah expresses just about every emotion on each track.  'Butterfly' and 'My All' talk about love lost and wanting someone back if only for a short time.  You get a sexy feeling from 'Fourth of July' and 'The Roof'.  These are only the first of the senses that Mariah touches with her wonderful voice.  There is at least one song that with be someone's favorite. Everyone should most definitely check it out.
0441172717|5.0|This is my favourite sci-fi book of all time.  It describes the future while having implications on the present.  This book I have reread regularly for the past four years and enjoyed it every time.  If you like science fiction you must read Dune.  It shouldn't be a 10 but a 9 999 999 9....+
0679410503|5.0|If you want your soul to sing, I highly recommend reading these books. If you were not interested in the occult before, you will be when you finish reading these novels.
0684874350|5.0|Despite being a child of Irish immigrants, I resisted reading this book for a long time, fearing it might be just another exploitation of America's love of all things Irish.  What an eejit I was!  This was one of the funniest, most personal books I have ever read.  McCourt's exquisite use of Irish vernacular made me feel as if my parents and Irish relatives were leaping off the page to talk to me.  At times I felt as if Frankie were me, or at least the boy I might have been had I grown up in Ireland instead.  It has made me even more grateful that my parents chose to come to America for a chance at a better life.<br />I think that, to truly appreciate this book, the reader must be Irish or of Irish descent.  I have several non-Irish friends who didn't see the humor and found the book morbidly depressing.  My brother and Irish friends, on the other hand, agreed with me that the story was hilarious and found ourselves laughing throughout.<br />I can't wait for the sequel.
0312932081|5.0|What can I say that hasn't already been said? I just wanted to add this to the list to make it more massive( ....and because it really is that goood!). it was great!
0517122707|5.0|I am not one to &quot;go with the flow&quot; by any means; popular opinion has very little to do with my opinions, or so I would hope.  However, the &quot;9s&quot; and &quot;10s&quot; on this list of customer reviews are, in my own opinion, quite deserved.  And while I am touched by the story of Toole's tragic life, I am by no means influenced by it in coming to my opinion of how good the book is (although the story certainly enhances my pre-existent disgust with the publishing industry and almost all the pompous, self-important windbags I've ever met who work in it).<br />Having said that, I must also say this: The people who have given this book a low &quot;rating&quot; scare the life out of me, in much the way that someone who continually quotes David Cassidy songs disturbs me. I am grateful, however, that in both cases, there aren't very many people who do, and most of them live in California, not New York.
B000003S0R|4.0|A little less humor, a little less texture. A little more  pop/rock sensibility. \\"Third Uncle\\" is a standard today, and helped define the \\"No Wave\\" movement of the late 70's: rhythmic minimalism, guitar shrieks, and rattles. Complete with stream of consciousness lyrics that signify nothing.
0385484518|5.0|A must read... forces you to think about the true meaning of life.
B000002GYI|5.0|Kraftwerk was one of the first bands to use electronics exclusively to make music. This album talks about the information revolution the World would only experience through the Internet and such in the early 90's , it was Ten Years ahead in time, talking about a technology that gets obsolete each 6 months. It was released first  in 1981 and it is still up to date. If you're into Electronic Music or Technology, this is the album for you.
0440217563|5.0|An instructor at my college suggested these novels after the death of my grandmother, something to &quot;take my mind off of everything.&quot;  Did they ever!!  I've only read the first two, but I'm hunting down &quot;Voyager&quot; as we speak.  If you need an escape, run, don't walk, and pick up these novels.  They are excellent diversions, and wonderfully told stories.  Jamie sounds like a man to die, or travel through time, for.
B000001E7V|5.0|Okay, so the lyrics can be raw.  This could be good or bad depending on who you are, but Tricky and Martine deliver sensual vocals layered over an unforgettable rhythm that just makes you want to move.  Very danceable, great party music or tunes for just chillin'.  Can't recommend it enough.
B000002UB3|5.0|Surprised no one rated this album a 10.  It's hard to determine which of the Beatles' albums are the best.  Is it Sgt. Pepper, White Album, etc.?  These and 2 or 3 others are all tens.  If I go a few months without listening to Abbey Rd., I find myself eventually listening to it every day for a week when I finally get back to it.  It never gets old.  With the exception of &quot;I want you so bad,&quot; which is much too long, it would be perfect.
B000001FI7|4.0|I love the cowbells in the popular tune `Sour Times' and as a whole `Dummy' has a pleasant sultry texture.  But this album wasn't as magnificent as I wanted it to be. My one critical criticism -- Portishead's rendition of Isaac Hayes' Ike's Rap III just can't hold a candle to Tricky's version of same in `Hell is Around the Corner'.
B000002UB6|5.0|Again, 8-10 great songs assembled together to form an almost perfect album.  There are always 1 or 2 that keep them from being perfect, but they came so close so many times, how can any other group ever compete?
0380973634|4.0|How can I give an 8 to a book I consider a bit of a disappointment?  Especially considering it's a first (solo) novel?  Well, I saw the BBC television series first, and it was outstanding.  One of the greatest television shows of all time.  Naturally, the book should be even better--right?  Well, sort of.  There are a couple of places where more material is added in the book, but for the most part, it is just a novelization.  I suppose my expectations were too high, so when the book wasn't one of the all time greats, I was disappointed.
B000002UAU|5.0|No one has written a review of this album yet.  It would just be redundant, I guess.  Another great album by the Beatles, their most famous along with the White Album and Abbey Rd.  Starting with Rubber Soul, they went on to release 7 fantastic albums in a row.  Sgt. Pepper is right in the middle, and may be their peak.  Then again, it may be Abbey Rd.  Regardless, when our grandchildren look back on the 20th century, one of the first things they will see will be the Beatles.  You can bet in 2067, there will be an item on the nightly news with Tom Brokaw IV about the 100th anniversary of Sgt. Pepper.
B000002UAX|5.0|No collection is complete without this essential Beatle's album, play it forwards or backwards, it still defines a generation.
0312937385|3.0|No, Orson, it is not your best book.  It is perhaps your most religious book.  It is certainly your most &quot;preachy&quot; work that I have read.  I would liken it somewhat to the Scarlett letter.   It beats you over the head with its symbolism. Nothing is left to the imagination, and there is no intriguing plot -- only symbolism.  Ender's Game and Treason (suprisingly enough) are far better.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is not just a collection of songs, as are 99% of today's music.  It is rich, cohesive, fluid, tight--a movie for the ear.  No filler whatsoever.  The awesome songs are separated by interesting little &quot;segues&quot;--record static, a baby crying, a hateful death-threat message on an answering machine set to new age-y pianos and sounds of the sea, etc.  The songs slam and rock and flow and churn and dream and scream and roar and hum and SING....It's amazing that this kind of music could produce such an organic experience....It could change the way you see guitars and drums....So creative and innovative and fresh and artistic and interesting.  The more you listen to it (swim in it), the more you'll say to yourself, &quot;This album is *awesome*...&quot;  Destined to be a legend, so don't miss it.
0151001820|3.0|A book merchant (with whom is difficult to related to) sets out to track copies of an ancient book which supposedly contains information as to how to summon the devil.  This is story is related to subplot involving the authenticity of a chapter from the 3 Musketeers.  There is a plethora of information on antique books and on Dumas.  The plot is not bad, although the book is tiresome to read.  The Seville Communion is a much better book! If you are interested in this author, I recommend that one over the Dumas Club.
044651506X|5.0|The ratings/reviews (read here) for this book were &quot;all over the map&quot;, (no pun intended). I didn't know what to expect, but had to find out for myself. I've read 4 previous DeMilles. I, too, must come to the defense of the book. It is a captivating story from one of the best (maybe the best) mystery/suspense writers today. John Corey is one raucous character. Once again, and much like the Gold Coast, John Corey (like John Suttter) was rip-roaringly funny. Once again, I laughed out loud so many times. In fact, Nelson, I think, got a bit carried away, because it seemed that everything that came out of John's mouth was a joke after a while. While I won't say John's words became predictable, his attitude did, and that grew a bit tiresome.  Nevertheless, if you want an entertaining summer (or any season)read, then get Plum Island. The characters are well-developed.You almost think you know these people. The story incorporates drama, wit &amp; humor and will keep you up past your bedtime. Though not as good as The Gold Coast (because the plot is a bit far-fetched), it is, well worth your time if you enjoy being entertained. You too, will be looked at strangely when you're caught laughing out loud uncontrollably. I look forward to DeMille's next one. This guy can write.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is the most remarkable book ever written.  It contains everything from mind bending mysteries to halarious satire.  I am Only a junior in high school but this book makes me feel like I am a scholar.  After reading this book one figures out many bizzare ideas that the author is trying to convey.  Then when the reader thinks he knows what is going to happen next, Heller turns the plot into a mind boggling order of events that are actually out of order and in order at the same time.  This novel is clearly the work of a genious and the most fantastic novel ever written
0425152251|4.0|I like it in its simple, understandable presentation of western philosophy, i like the beginning of the story which create so many suspense, ...hmmm... i like the high quality of paper in this edition, but the story is really very stupid and unnecessary in the first place. I'm open to the possibility that i wasn't able to get it.  END
0684823454|5.0|I first read this as part of a college seminar n Winston Churchill and I have reread the book several times since. This is a great story, wonderfully told by the master. The prose is a bit formal for this day, but his observations are keen and conveyed with a great wry humor.
B000001ES4|5.0|There have been very few CD's that have totally enveloped me with their music. A touch of melancholy; a dab of bittersweet violins; on a bed of open green &quot;Irish - Celtic&quot; meadows in the background - you're in for a treat. don't pass this one up!!!
B000002HPV|5.0|This is my favourite CD of Bjork, and it became my favourite very quickly: I heard a part of &quot;Joga&quot;, and ordered the CD immediately. It has a wonderful rythm to it: very good to listen to, or to dance to. It also has this independent spirit, very exotic and modern at the same time - only Bjork could do it.
006016848X|5.0|I would like to say that this book really helped my relationship!!. There are so many things I actually never understood about men, lone woman in relationships!??..This book was great in explaing details, giving loads of information on both sexes, to help us understand each other-to get along, and have that understanding of each other-to have that long,lasting and loving relationship we all want!. Thank you! Great book, among others by the same author!! It really will help your relationship, it did mine!!!
B000002BQK|5.0|After disappearing for two years since the last release of her 1995 album - Daydream , Mariah is back with a brand new album simply titled Butterfly . Butterfly was released last September 16th and proved to be an instant success . Even before that , Honey is already #1 in the Billboard Hot 100 Singles Chart .<BR> Mariah is famous for being the biggest-selling female artist of the decade . Her breakthrough self-titled debut album was released 8 years ago and charted 5 #1 singles . But it was her third studio album - Music Box that made her big . With hits like Dreamlover , Hero and Without You , this incredible album sold an astonishing 27 million copies worldwide . To date , she sold nearly 100 million copies of album . <BR> Butterfly features a wide range of tunes . Certainly , this album is taking Mariah to her greatest heights to come . Check out the first single - Honey , the soaring ballad - Butterfly , My All , Breakdown ( with Wish and Krayzie Bone ) , The Roof , The Beautiful Ones ( with Dru Hill ) , Close My Eyes ( rumours have made it that it is going to be the new single after My All ) , Whenever You Call , Outside and also the reprise of Butterfly - Fly Away . An album certainly not to be missed !!!
B000002C1Z|5.0|This is the best Pink Floyd album ever made. It can be heard over and over again. It's not one of the most popular albums, like dark side and wish you, but it lass for a longer time.
0880389052|5.0|One of the other posted reviews mentions a similarity between Drizzt and Luke Skywalker.  I heartily agree with this... Drizzt falls perfectly under the heading of mythic hero.  Anyone familiar with Joseph Campbell's work (or mythology in general) will recognize Salvatore's superb use of symbolism and masterful weaving of a truly mythic character and his quest.
B000002NAK|4.0|Listening to Madonna's &quot;Evita&quot; Complete Motion Picture Music Soundtrack evokes the same feeling that one gets when watching the movie: &quot;Can this really be...MADONNA?&quot;!  Well, it is she, in all her expected self-absorbed glory, but with a twist.  The girl can sing; she really can.  I confess that I'm no great fan of the New Queen of Pop -- oh, I admire her spunk, her business acumen, her cultural iconoclasm, her in-your-face sexuality, and her identity-of-the-month publicity personas -- she's so easily dismissed as just another Cindy Lauper with better &quot;people.&quot;  But, dammit, when you listen to this &quot;Evita,&quot; you come away thinking, &quot;Wow, she really can sing.&quot;  And sing she does.  And she can sing good stuff, too.  Andrew Lloyd Webber is as close to American classical legend as one gets, post World War II, and he doesn't write commercial jingles; he writes music.  Madonna appreciates this fact, and she treats his music with a reverence and style (without pretension) that I would have never expected.  I will not comment further on the quality of the Evita musical score in general (it is an accepted great work of American musical artistry), but I will say that Madonna's renditions of it are exquisite -- she gives us a passion, a caring, a personal experience, a love for the music she's performing that is nothing short of captivating.<br />Madonna's treatment of &quot;Evita&quot; is not for Madonna's traditional (or perhaps I really mean stereotypical) fans; it is for fans of good music.  That those two worlds collide in this CD is testament to the talent that Her Majesty would be well served to demonstrate more often.  <br />Good job Material Girl: I didn't think you could do it, but you did.
B000002E5J|5.0|This is my favorite of the CDs I have from Mexico. Shakira has an incredible voice somewhat similar to Sarah McLachlan, and the lyrics of several songs are more intelligent than most pop lyrics.  The songs are varied, ranging from haunting ballads (Antologia) to social commentaries (Se quiere, se mata) and regular pop love and/or I-miss-you songs (Vuelve).  Most lyrics are Spanish, although some songs also have a little English.  I highly recommend this to teachers or students of Spanish who want some quality popular Mexican music to play in the classroom or just to sing along with.
B000002H2H|5.0|Its all down hill from here.  This music is magical.  I have had it for 11 years and still listen and love it.  &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is the greatest Metal song of all time.  I would love to hear from anyone who can suggest another CD that can match it!
067942850X|5.0|Despite the many reviews I read here before embarking on INTO THE WILD, I was unprepared for the emotional impact of this book.  Krakauer avoids cheap dramatics.  Instead, he tells the story in straight-forward way which leads readers to develop a feeling of kinship toward McCandless. By the end of the book, you'll feel like you lost someone you knew.
0385491026|5.0|Atwood is truly the greatest. Her female characters are always so multi-faceted and powerful, they seem to bounce off the page.<br />Cat's Eye shows with disturbing accuracy the power roles that exist in the friendships of little girls, and how these relationships often continue to affect women well into their lives.<br />If you liked this book, read The Robber Bride, which is also wonderful, and in some ways, completes the other side of the equation Atwood has begun.
0399128964|1.0|A hatful of people with unreadable alien names, and a central character called Paul. Vastly advanced civilisations who retain a totally monarchic society. Never have so many dreadful Science Fiction cliches been brought together in one book. Ghastly.
B000002MY3|5.0|This CD is by far the best that any artist has ever come out with.  I rarely hear a CD with as many great hits on it as Jagged Little Pill!  I love Ironic, and Hand in My Pocet the best, but they are all great (including the secret song at the end of the thirtheenth track)!!
B000002H33|5.0|This is the only Metallica attempt to a concept album, against the abuse of power in many ways, and the result is astonishing: the music is powerful but very refined and all the members of the band perform at their best. My picks are the Thing That Should Not Be and Welcome Home (Sanitarium).
B000002HH2|5.0|I concider this her best CD so far.  Her composition is very good and uniqe as her voice.  She masters the Icelandic accent in her singing without making it akward.  The songs are like fairy tales and adventures which are very close to Bjorks caracter.  It's very Bjork - nothing like it.
B0000000LI|4.0|This CD is great and I really enjoyed the tone to the music.  It must have been a great concert.  It feels as though you are there, with applause and all.  It actually gets a little annoying at times, but all in all it is some great music.
B00000099Y|5.0|christ, i was already hooked on tool...i didn't need to be further engulfed in it...the rawness...and absolute energy of this...i feel it...i can feel this music...that says what i want to say...
B000002UEB|5.0|Operation: Mindcrime is Queenryche's masterpiece. A great concept album in which EVERY track is great. Also in the whole genre (heavy metal whith progressive influences) this is one of the best albums ever.
0345403959|5.0|Belgarath was a wonderful addition to Edding's series.  I enjoyed reading about the reasoning behind so many of the actions taken by this character over the course of the centuries.  Getting an explanation of the behavoir between Belgarath and Polgara from first his point of view and then hers (in Polgara) was a scream. The thing that I think I enjoyed most of all was Belgarath's wonderful sarcasm.  He is a wonderfully warm and funny character.  I read everything I can find by this author. Enjoy!
B000002HPT|4.0|In Falling Into Infinity, Dream Theater somewhat leave some of the sometimes too much obsessive progressive influences to make a more ordinary (even though not commercial at all) album. The result is, as all past Dream Theater works, great, and songs such as Peruvian Skies, Hollow Years and Anna Lee are simply great.
0553347845|5.0|Joking, Mr. Feynman.&quot; The love story of his first marriage; the love story which relates to the rest of his life.<br />The stories he wrote in &quot;Surely&quot; were well polished, short and to the point, very much as he conveyed his pursuit of simpler presentations of the rudiments of physics.<br />This book, undoubtably disrupted by the accelerating decline of his health, is less polished, but is excellent when he describes his part in the determination of the Challenger disaster. [At one point he exclaims that the Challenger hearings are 'killing me'... speeding his death.] His further descriptions of his life with his first wife are also a wonderful and very human essay.<br />Feynman, with one exception, is the prime model of how a human being should approach life in its amazing totality. The ideas in this book are as much a part of that model as &quot;Surely&quot; and his &quot;Introduction to Physics.&quot;<br />The title, by the way, was taken from words his first wife spoke about sixty years ago. Feynman had been placed in a situation where his presentation of himself - not his ideas - was of critical importance. His first wife, using those words, made it possible for him to ignore the presentation and pursue the ideas.<br />This book is about love of life, as are all his books.
B000002H2H|5.0|Ride The Lighting, exactly as Kill 'Em All and Master Of Puppets, is well worth a 10 rating. The songs in here are great, as well as the lyrics. The second song, which gives the name to the album, is against the death punishment. Fade To Black is probably the best Metallica ballad and Creeping Death is the symbol of this album.
0440111498|5.0|This is the first Vonnegut I have read in six years and I was totally captivated through the whole book. This book is great for the person who colors outside the lines. Not for your average normal person.
B000002H97|4.0|This can be considered the last Metallica album, what follows is no more Metallica. It's a very good, even if somehow mainstream, work, and several songs are memorable, such as Enter Sandman and the great ballad Nothing Else Matters. There are also some &quot;old style&quot; pieces such as Of Wolf And Man.
0060801263|5.0|Betty Smit's book, A TREE GROWS IN BROOKLYN  is  wonderful! I read the book for the first time eight months ago. Since then, I have read this masterpeice two times, and each time, it gets better! I recomend this book to all people, young or old, or want to read a wonderful book.
B000002HRE|3.0|The songs of this album were supposed to be included in Load (which had to be a double CD) but, for commercial reasons, they were released an year later. As you can guess from the name and the CD cover, the album is in fact identical to Load, except for the fact that the tracks are &quot;second choice&quot;. Metallica no longer exist.
1573221023|5.0|I laughed in tears, I harrassed my friends trying to get them to read this book, I blew up a quote and put it up on my wall as being the truest thing anyone could ever hope to say in a work of fiction, the one about having a survey form for potential love interests who might have wildly disagreeable tastes in music and films. (Obsession seems all too familiar). It is never too late to read this book!
B000002HMH|4.0|With Load, Metallica try to change their style (for commercial reasons, I suppose). All band members cut their hair and forgot they once used to sing heavy metal. The result is a good and recommendable album, with blues and country influences. However, it's not Metallica.
B000002UV9|5.0|Empire is Queensryche's followup to the magic Operation: Mindcrime. It's completely different from Mindcrime, and it's &quot;apparently commercial&quot; style makes it good for everybody. It's somewhat similiar to some Pink Floyd work and it's really a great album with serveral memorable songs.
0393038912|5.0|Diamond's systematic explanation for the broad course of history provides a construct in which the reader can place all the various pieces of information ever learned about past and present civilizations.
0451169514|5.0|this was an absolutely fabulous book!  and even tho it is something like a thousand pages long i finished the whole thing in a matter of two days, almost completely unable to put it down.  fortunately, i wasn't looking for a classic or a book to really make me think, or i would have been more disappointed by the dumb spider ending.  because, you see, everything before those last few pages makes up for it ten-thousand fold!  read it!  read it now!
B000000WFZ|4.0|Anyone who has seen and loved &quot;The Mission&quot; will want to get the soundtrack to relive the feeling of the film. Gorgeous, insistent instrumentals and sweetly plaintive vocals recall the hope, joy, terror and deep sadness of the Jesuit missionaries on tragic, misguided missions among the doomed South American Indians. The music combines elements of classical with Catholic hymns and chants and native South American rhythms. Inspirational and sad.
0679735259|5.0|I was required to read this book for a college seminar called &quot;The American Experience in Vietnam.&quot;  We read approx 10 books that semester, and this one remains my favorite.  In fact, it is one of my favorite books in general.  It moved me.
B0000062GK|5.0|Satriani's talent produces some of the most beautiful and intense music being produced today.  He never ceases to amaze  with the range of tones and textures he is able to blend into his songs.  The man is a true master of his craft.
0345350499|5.0|Simply the best retelling of King Arthur's tale I have ever read.
0679721037|5.0|I read it when i was 14 and it captivated me.  One of the best reads I've ever experienced!
B000001FY9|5.0|This cd should be listened to by anyone who considers him/herself a contemporary music fan. The reggae beat will get you a dancin' before you know it, and the struggle is heartfelt. Sing it rasta man
B000002H2H|5.0|Ride the Lightning is quite a step up from Kill Em All.  Every single track on the album showcases Metallica's musical talents and then thrash you into a punch drunk haze.  This is one of the best metal albums ever recorded because of the diversity.  There's the speed metal (Fight Fire with Fire, Creeping Death), the heavy but slow (For whom the Bell Tolls), a metal ballad (Fade To Black), and a musically haunting instrumental (Call of the Ktulu).  This ablum packs it all into  an hour's worth of music.  Rock On!
B000002KHY|5.0|James Taylor's sweet voice takes over one's soul. This wonderful cd brings one back to the basics with old fashioned folk style and not too much flash. No flash at all for that matter. Highly recommended
B000002H6C|5.0|This album is an absolute must for any metalhead.  This is by far the most dynamic album Metallica has ever put out.  Forget what you've heard about their new music--it just can't compare to pure metal.  Check out track number 4 if you want to know what I mean.
B000002GMT|3.0|Two songs on this album make it worth trying to let the rest of the album grow on me: &quot;Ring, Ring&quot; and &quot;Angeleyes&quot;.  Yes, both songs about, surprise, lost or unrequited love, but so catchy!  The rest, well, ...I haven't listened to them much since I'm so keen on the two aforementioned songs. By the way, and I'm sure this is a completely origional idea, &quot;Ring, Ring&quot; makes a great incoming message on an answering machine.
0385473788|5.0|This book made me cried it tells the story of the Holocaust and how she tried to survive. I have read many books about the Holocaust and this grabbed my attention and made me feel as if I was Anne
0671004611|1.0|I stopped believing in boogey-men when I was 6 years old. What's your excuse, people? Wise up!
0345347951|4.0|Childhood's End is a grim tale about mankind's first contact with aliens.  The plot unfold's itself towards the very end, with only brief insights into the true nature of the alien's mission on Earth.  As the story unfolds, I was surprised by the many twists and turns in the plot.  The ending is incredibly emotional, and Clarke brings the reader right into the story.
B000002NE4|5.0|There is no Nick but Nick, and he has many voices. This is a Nick for listening to while drinking quietly, but inexorably, on one's own into the small hours, or while nursing a particularly exquisite hangover at 5:00 a.m.; it's a collection of mournful yet funny as hell songs that don't squawk and scream like Birthday Party, not that there's anything wrong with Birthday Party, of course. Nick has been named the &quot;morbid dulcet boy&quot; probably because of lines like &quot;...around the duck pond, grimly moan, gloomily and mournfully we go round again. And one more doomed time without much hope, going round and around to nowhere.&quot; Those who already worship Nick will understand; those who don't should give this album a try because there is some truly nice stuff on here.
0393316041|5.0|This book is one of the most and the best reviewed in amazon. Feynman life has fancied hundred of people, included myself. Once I started with him I could`t stop with the rest of his books. This one is splendid. Read other reviews and you will ask amazon to deliver your copy.
B000002NC4|5.0|Doug Martsch and producer Phil Ek team up again to create layers of swirling guitars, menacing synths, and an overall sonic collage like no one else.  The rhthym section of Brett Nelson and Scott Plouf helps Doug take his songs in a more solid direction than previous rhthym sections.  The record contains no pop songs per se, but long, breathing, orchestrated soundscapes of wailing guitars and emotional vocals.  Uh huh!
B000002KIE|4.0|So said a reviewer of the time. After several years of experimental 'progressive' rock, we finally returned to rock and roll's raison d'etre - it *is* meant to be shocking - your parents are *not* meant to like it. Are there many other spine tingling rock moments like the opening bars of 'anarchy'? I think not.
B000002HRE|5.0|Recorded at the same time as LOAD, these songs are the ones that had to wait. They really showcase the growth in talent and writing ablility these guys have experienced being together for so many years. A must have for any Metallica collection!
0782008372|1.0|If you like this movie, don't but it on DVD go out and buy something better, the VHS.  Even though the disc is encoded with 5.1 sound, I could not get passed the terrible visual experience of the DVD.  It looks as if they copied the picture straight from the the copy of a copy of a VHS taped from TBS!!!!!!!     END
B000002UAX|5.0|Why white, anyway? Perhaps in unconscious recognition that the band would now renounce any sound of their own in favor of endless, brilliant pastiche. Oh, the boys rock out on &quot;Back in the USSR&quot; or &quot;Birthday,&quot; but always with knowing nod in the direction of some earlier sound. And then there's doe-eyed Paul doing that 1930s bit on &quot;Honey Pie,&quot; or John's  stylized doo-wop on &quot;Happiness Is A Warm Gun,&quot; or George's harpsichord-enhanced &quot;Piggies,&quot; with some generic Baroque string charts courtesy of George Martin. Not that I'm complaining! It's all wonderful, all surprising, all pleasurable in the way that post-modernism is supposed to be but seldom is. And the laid-back &quot;Revolution&quot; beats the hell out of the hopped-up single version, even if they did make into a cereal commercial or something like that. A word to the wise: don't miss &quot;Julia.&quot; And don't bother with &quot;Revolution Number Nine&quot;--musique-concrete dabblings like John and Yoko produced on &quot;Two Virgins,&quot; except that you don't get to study their naked buns on the cover.
B000002HAF|5.0|Ahhh nostalgia.  The Pixies were the &quot;College/Alternative&quot; poster children of the late 80's, early 90's.  Powered by the frenzied and always amusing lyrics of Black Francis as well as the alluring voice of bassist Kim Deal (The Breeders, etc.), the Pixies started making it big with the single &quot;Monkey Gone to Heaven&quot; off of 1989's &quot;Doolittle.&quot;  However, &quot;Surfer Rosa&quot; (which includes the debut EP &quot;Come on Pilgrim&quot;) represents their earliest and most loveable work.  While more money was spent producing later albums, &quot;Surfer Rosa&quot; stands on its own, less filtered, more raw, capturing the Pixes at a time when they were just beginning to coalesce as a band that &quot;owned&quot; its sound.  For many Pixies fans this album is their greatest accomplishment.
B000003TAR|5.0|Nirvana has acheived in this album a culmination of Kurt Cobains lyrical talents and the bands musical talents.  While not as raw and edgy as Nevermind or Bleach it is not soft poseur rock or a sellout by any means.  I think that this album show us the final evolution of what Nirvan could have been, their matureing as artist so to speak.  Too bad we ran out of time or who knows what this trio would have acomplished.
B0000029DD|5.0|When I first heard &quot;Grace,&quot; these four words echoed through my head.  Any male vocalist who can hit and sustain high-end notes like Buckley can deserves praise; however, Buckley stands apart in his ability to express emotion successfully (i.e. believably) using a tired medium: the love song.  Buckley once described his style as &quot;bombastic,&quot; citing the influence of Patti Smith among others.  Indeed, it is difficult not to be bowled over by his intensity (vocally and musically)--an element that turns less adventurous listeners away.  But oh the rewards of  &quot;getting&quot; Buckley, whether you are charmed by the soulful &quot;Lover, You Should've Come Over,&quot; soothed by the delicate &quot;Lilac Wine,&quot; or mesmerized by the haunting &quot;So Real.&quot;   He is (yes, he still lives on through his music) one of the most amazing voices to emerge in the last quarter of the 20th century.
0553573403|4.0|This has got to be one of the best books that I have read in a long time. It has an excellent plot, great character and a superb writing style.  My only complaint is that I really could have done without the raping scenes and other vulger aspects.  They did nothing but detract from the story. If not for them I would have given this book 15 stars!!
B0000024SI|5.0|If you were listening to this in the 1960's,than you already know. For those who weren't, this, along with Chuck Berry's 1950's stuff, helped define rock and roll as something that could be blues and country-based and  modern and funny, and have a point of view. <br />Dylan sounded, on the surface, a lot more bitter than the founders of rock with such songs as  &quot;Like a Rolling Stone,&quot;,and &quot;Ballad of of a Thin Man (the famous 'Mr. Jones' song) but it's all done with a terrific sense of humor. He and his famous studio players take real American roots music and make it pure rock and roll. Hadn't listened to it in 15 years, so I bought it and blasted it in the car..sounded fresh and fine.
B000000993|5.0|HAVE LISTENED TO TOOL SINCE THE GIRL THAT TURNED ME ON TO THEM IN 1993.  HOPE THEY KEEP THEIR ORIGINAL SOUND ALWAYS.  UNLIKE OTHER ARTISTS IN IT FOR THE MONEY.  NOT REAL.  DOORS RULE THOUGH.
B000003TA4|5.0|When this was released in 1990, the New York Times hadn't run articles on Seattle's grunge lifestyle, Sears wasn't selling flannel shirts in the summer and Seattle's only musical connection was Jimmy Hendrix, Kenny G and the rock group Heart.  That all changed because of this album, more specifically because of the music on this album.  Forget the hype: if you don't own this album, buy it for the music.  You won't be disappointed.
0670880728|5.0|I received this book from a friend in London, finished it in a day, and immediately lent it to another friend!  Any woman who has ever been frustrated by a job or a man will relate to this book.  Each character reminded me of my circle of friends.  BJ's Diary is a hysterically funny and thoroughly entertainning read -- you will laugh out loud!
B000002KHF|5.0|I'm not a huge Van Morrison fan, but I've always really liked this album.  I think it's a requsite part of any comprehensive collection, plus it's an awfully romantic album!
B000002MFE|5.0|This great CD has all the tunes you know and love, but Clapton has never been more bluesy.  He's relaxed and rollin' with the melodies.  Some of his best, like &quot;Layla&quot; have been re-scored, so don't think you've heard all of this before.  I strongly recommend this CD to anyone who likes good old-fashioned rock and roll.
B0000027RL|5.0|I'm not one of those blind &quot;if Pearl Jam plays it, it must be great&quot; fans.  I don't really like some of their newest stuff.  However, &quot;Ten&quot;, their first album, is definitely among the best albums made in the 1990s. I think it's the best.  You must own this CD!
B000002MP2|5.0|this is a great punk-sounding album, although the band is far too mainstream to be called punk.  That aside, though, it's a great album, even for the casual punk/alternative fan.
0887307280|5.0|After many years  working with small businesses as a CPA, I can attest to the fact that Gerber's right on the money for identifying why most small businesses fail.<br />Having systems which keep the owners and employees focused on the goals and visions of the company are very much lacking in many small businesses.<br />It is truly liberating to see ideas which lay out the key areas of good business management. None of these ideas are new, it's just the genius that Gerber uses to organize his material which makes it very practical to use and to internalize.<br />I think every small business owner should read it. If they do, learning to improve their business will come much more routine and part of their natural thinking process.
0784010188|4.0|Excellent picture and sound quality of the DVD release of T2 makes you feel like you're back in the theatre!<br />I just wish there were more extras, like a &quot;making of&quot; special or some extra commentary by the directory or the actors.  END
B000002ULO|4.0|Alright, I'm kind of a Macca freak, but not uncritical.  I though Flowers In the Dirt was a good to great album - this one is not quite there, but still good.  The production is pretty retro as he retreats from the stylish sound of 'Flowers' (and to a lesser extent 'Off the Ground') to a more basic 'Beatley', immediate recording sound.  The songs are mostly good, a few he could toss off in his sleep, and all, maybe save 'Heaven on a Sunday', again hearken back to his older compositional styles.  The lyrics are often cringe-inducing though, so I'd never play this to unsympathetic friends to try to prove something.  Probably the best moments are 'Souvenir', 'World Tonight', 'Song We Were Singing', 'Great Day'.  C'mon Paul - there's plenty who love you and you're killer melodic instinct, so do us all a favor and push yourself!  Or at least hook up with Costello again.
0345389409|2.0|I love some of her writing.  I couldn't get enough of some of her writing.  Lestat de Lioncourt has to be the best character, and Azriel the earth-bound angel is sex on paper.  But this, I found, grated on my nerves and ocular senses.<br />Fascinating as a theological debate.  If you want to consider the view that God is not patient and all seeing, and doesn't care about his creations' afterlives; if you want to believe that the Devil is a Fallen Angel only because an impatient God doesn't give his suggestions the time of day; and if you have any interest in Lestat's idea of the Crucifixion, then this is a brilliant read.<br />If you want to see Lestat being a cool collected *reasonable* Vamp, and you think he was the best literary creation of the 1990s, then put this book down.  [If you want sex on paper, and a theological read, go order Servant of the Bones.  No complaints there at all!]
0385486804|4.0|I picked this book up in an airport and could not put it down.  Chris McAndless' life simply amazed me.  How could a bright, intelligent young man consider a hard, knock-about life on the road, that would eventually lead to death.  Did the extensive reading of &quot;deep&quot;authors trigger this type of behavior;  was he living out what he read?  This book was excellent.  I also enjoyed having the author tell about his journey; one similar to Chris'.  This is one of those books that totally envelope you in concentration.
B0000009SI|5.0|I don't know what is more impressive about this album, the sheer unmitigated audacity of Frank's imaginitive lyrics or the amazing orchestration of drums, bass, keyboards, violins, saxes,  trumpets and back-up vocals.  Every note is placed so perfectly that Frank doubtlessly merits the masterpiece tag with this one.  There are moments in &quot;St. Alonzo's Pancake Breakfast&quot; where Frank's bass and guitar are so furious and  elaborate that I shake my head in bewildered musical incredulity.  Think Pastorious with Weather Report on a good day.  I'm serious.  Frank unloads all of his tricks and amazing skills on this album and moves between funk, old-school jazz, acid-rock and blues with frightening agility and composure.  This is a great one to acquaint yourself with just how enourmous a musical talent was Zappa
B000002JS8|4.0|Having thoroughly defined their three-chord grunt-and-stomp over several preceding albums, AC/DC reaches a sort of apex on Highway to Hell.  The riffs are as tough and punchy (and repetitive) as they ever get, the lyrics are suitably filled with misogynistic double-entrendres and juvenile misanthropy, and Bon Scott's vocals drip with arrested adolescence.  It all adds up to a fairly bracing blast of nastiness.  And it sounds really good loud.
B000002GYG|5.0|This is Tom Waits LIVE and in top form!  He's growling into the mike in a small tavern with a small audience.  Very intimate and light-hearted atmosphere.  It's like an old-school blues show, and Tom is up there bragging and lying and espousing about all of the dark and dirty aspects of life.  But it is funny as hell.  In &quot;Better Off Without a Wife&quot;, he starts out with a little mini-anthem to bachelorhood and tells a hilarious story about asking himself out on a date.   Tom is right on the money in this performance, he's got &quot;glide in his stride&quot;.  A classic, crucial Waits album.
B000002NJS|1.0|im not tryin to dis on madonna but  this album, in my opinion, is her  worst. maybe its because im hardly  a fan, and when i was one, she was  still 'like a virgin'. so if you  must hear this album, i highly  reccomend skipping song number  four.. candy perfume girl? come on  now.
0790734850|5.0|If you were wondering why people should buy a DVD instead of VHS, watching this movie on DVD will show you.  This DVD picture quality is as good as any other exceptfor maybe SEVEN, the best so far.   But what makes this DVD great isall the special features that are associated with the disc.  You can actually travel around the hollywood during the time of the movie and take a look at each location.  The only thing that seems to be lacking is the use of a multiple angle feature.  So far that has only been used by a DVD magazine Short Cinema (that encodes its semi-monthly magazine on the DVD) and of course the adult film industry.    The 5.1 sound is used, but unlike most films that have action, it is not overused.  Nothing is worse than having a small explosion in front of you vibrate to the back speakers for no reason.     END
B000002WYT|5.0|&quot;Crash&quot; is a brilliant follow-up to &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot;.  It melds joyful, romantic, hard-driving music into a well crafted, spirited record.  Strong instrumental performances by each member of the five man band enhanced by lead singer Matthews quirky sound and smartly constructed lyrics result in an invigorating album that will please a wide range of listeners.
B000002H6C|5.0|All of Metallica's tapes are awesome, but this one is one of my personal favorites! My favorite song is one! I recommend you buy this one!
B000002C4J|5.0|I wanted the Theme song from Titanic, but I didn't want to purchase the soundtrack.  This way I got more music that I liked and the song I wanted most.
B000002GXS|5.0|Tom sashays around in his moonlit, drunken, romantic version of Saturday night on this album with such class, such utter song-writing talent.  Give a listen to &quot;San Diego Serenade&quot; and you'll fall in love with this album.  &quot;Never saw the mornin til I stayed up all night, never saw the sunshine til you turned out the light.&quot;  He doesn't use his signature growl on this song, he actually serenades, and it is actually beautiful.  But that cannot prepare you for the the sinfully, achingly beautiful song number six, &quot;The Heart of Saturday Night&quot;.  I can listen to this song over and over and never get tired of it.  Acoustic guitar plays so gently over the sound of a huge Oldsmobile driving slowly through wet streets in a dark city on Saturday night.  It is as if Tom is in the room with you, saying, &quot;come here, son, come in close, I want to tell ya something special&quot;.   This song can make you cry if you're not careful.  I love his style on this album, it is sentimental but uncompromising, lively and smart but patient and consistent.  He is an American blues-folk master, and this album of 1974(I was three then!)is evidence of his quintessential talent.
0790729989|5.0|I will not go too much into the movie plot.  The only thing I will say is that this movie is excellent.  Not a movie for the timid.   The real reason for this review is to discuss the DVD.  Although somewhat lacking in special features, compared to some of the newer DVDs, the DVD presentation of the movie is the best.  Here is an example of the way a DVD should look.  The darkness of the movie was expected to create many problems for the encoding of the disc, but wow, great job.   The only two problems with this disc were the somewhat lacking sound.  Even though the sound was 5.1, it was not taken to full advantage.  I am not sure whether it was lack of trying or just the way the movie lended itself to sound. The second problem is a minor one, halfway through the movie, the disc must be flipped.  Alot of people I know say how bad this is, but with such a good picture quality I will not complain to harsely.  The major complaint most people had was why not put the movie on dual layer which seems to be done with the longer movies that are coming out now.  The reason  when seven came out, it was way too expensive a process.  <br />All in all great movie great presentation on DVD.     END
B000002GY9|5.0|With Small Change, Tom Waits has shown that he is THE heavyweight romantic poet of the latter twentieth century.  So eloquent, so moving are these songs that the listener becomes infused with a warm glow.  And the more you play it, the more you hear.  His sly, deep blues vocal style has the power to knock you over every time.  And then there is his musicianship- these are GREAT SONGS.  Probably the best of all his seventeen albums.
0553108034|5.0|Stories of this caliber demonstrate how rare good writing really is.  <br />If Martin can maintain the quality of the subsequent books in this series, it will surely be ranked as the finest example of a fantasy epic written.  I will treasure these books and carefully preserve them for my son.
0812550706|5.0|Next to OSC's Hatrack River series, Ender's Game is the BEST thing since the printing press!!! I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE MOVIE!!!!!!!!
B000002GWJ|5.0|Tom Waits starts \\"Blue Valentine\\" with \\"Somewhere,\\" which nicely establishes his themes of romance and tragedy. But Tom's West Side Story is much more grim than Tony and Maria's. His New York contains desperate hookers, dying gang members, doomed runaways, and haunted murderers.  If this sounds difficult to take, it is; there's little to no hope on this album. But it's the desperation that make his character portraits cut deeper. If Tom has a message, it's this: if his characters, like the hooker in Track 3, are worthy of being song subjects, then we all are.  The music is gorgeous, too; the melody on \\"Kentucky Avenue,\\" for one, is haunting enough on its own to make anyone misty (when the words reveal their meaning, the effect is devastating - \\"Kentucky Avenue\\" is the one song that breaks me down every time). \\"Romeo is Bleeding\\" provides a great bassline under Tom's beatnik rap (still his best spoken song), and \\"29 Dollars\\" offers a slow, dirty blues to back its tragic, if inevitable, tale.  The material on \\"Blue Valentine\\" is downbeat, bitter, and cynical, and Tom revels in it like a hipster narrator. But it's never depressing to hear an artist in top form; it's exhilirating. And if \\"Blue Valentine\\" offers no hope, it offers truckloads of compassion. So buy it and listen. Just don't expect to want to talk to anyone afterwards.
1558216340|5.0|I've read this twice and I understand the two or three sceptical reviews.  My own questions are these: 1) Why go through the Gobi instead of around it?  The American and the Lithuanian were educated men and, one would think, would have suggested skirting the Gobi even if it meant crossing back into parts of lightly-settled southern Siberia.  2)Instead of crossing the Himalayas at their highest point to get to India, why not cross in British Burma or even French (albeit Vichy) Indochina?  Japan was not at war with Britain or France until December, 1941 so both should have been considered safe havens.  If this is a true story, and I think it is, it is one of the most heroic, wonderful tales of our age.  We may be in store for independent research on the subject of this book shortly.  Actor George Clooney has the film rights to the book and his TV contract has, I believe, only a year remaining.  If he films The Long Walk, I am sure some enterprising investigative journalist will track down the ins and outs of Rawicz's tale.
B000002N3N|4.0|Enya is one of those odd categories of music that neatly crosses the &quot;new age/ethereal&quot; line into &quot;popular&quot; on more than one occassion, yet without compromising its original artistic integrity.  This album is not as solid as &quot;Watermark&quot;, but contains several good tracks.  It has a brighter, more whimsical bent than &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;, but isn't the best choice for first time Enya listeners.
B000002WYT|5.0|I have listened to all the Dave Matthews Band CD's (Except 'Before These Crowded Streets', but I'll have it soon!), and this, by far, is the best! Truthfully, the first part of 'So Much To Say' inspired me to play guitar.  If you like DMB, or any music AT ALL, you MUST have this CD!
6304082428|5.0|If you don't think a movie can do justice to a great book, you haven't seen Pride and Prejudice. The cast is terrific: Colin Firth is the perfect Mr. Darcy -- now I can't see him in any movie that I don't think of Darcy (I was enraged watching &quot;The English Patient&quot; because his wife was betraying him!!!); Jennifer Ehle is witty, pretty (not more than Jane), and elegant (as I'd always pictured Lizzy). They even *look like* those on the cover of the Pride and Prejudice book I have!  The adaptation is wonderful, some parts are even verbatim (I *have* watched it with the book in hand!). You don't even feel the 5 hours go by! One of my favorite movies, adapted from one of my favorite novels -- what more can I ask for?  END
B0000019PA|5.0|I forget why I bought this CD.  Maybe I read a review in Q magazine.  Certainly I had never heard them, or for that matter heard of them, before.  What a fantastic surprise!  New folk better than Beck.  Well, maybe not that good, but really good.  Weird, looping lyrics.  Normal guitar sounds supplemented by CB radio static.  Humor, intelligence.  Have you ever heard of the Incredible String Band?  Probably too young.  Oh well.
0446310786|5.0|I read this book first, I think, when I was ten years old.  Now, two years later, I still read it and fall in love every time!  For those of you who say &quot;I would only reccommend this book to mature adults&quot;, well, a mature audience, is more like it. I suppose that if you read this book for a school assignment then it can be boring.  But then, take another shot at it and read it for fun!  You really haven't read anything until you real this book.      This is probably my all-time favorite book.  To those of you who have never read it, here's some advice.  GET A COPY AND READ, PRONTO!!!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the most accessible of Radiohead's albums with some great tracks with great melodies. Just can't help myself belting out the chants of, for example, Let Down and No Surprises while driving along with the volume pumped up. The sleeve notes include all lyrics - essential reading given the vocals style. Get it, you won't regret it!
B000000WFF|4.0|I think that this CD deserves an above-average rating, though not the best.  I like the first song, &quot;Spice Up Your Life.&quot;  It is a very positive song, which is actually hard to come by in these days.  The rest of the CD...well...it's not as great.  &quot;Move Over&quot; is a nice song, too.  If this CD had more songs like the two I just mentioned, I would have rated it a 10.
0380715430|5.0|I read this book several years ago as a linguistics student.  Really enjoyed the humor, the facts, and the little surprises.  I learned a lot and enjoyed it!
B0000062GK|5.0|Constantly changing and amazingly varied, Satch has touched down at yet another beautiful landscape of sound.<br />Using a wide variety of guitar sounds and effects, and more layering than in the previous album, Joe has cooked up a very rich -and purely instrumental- collection.  Stu plucks out many of the basslines, and Jeff Campitelli is back on the drums.<br />The album opens with characteristic fast riffs blurred into an uplifting and melodic Up In The Sky, carries forward into the heavy stomping House Full Of Bullets, then breaks into the spacious and alluring but also blindingly fast Crystal Planet, before stepping back with a simple but sincere Love Thing.  Other highlights include the ultra-sticky Raspberry Jam Delta-V, the singles Ceremony and Train Of Angles - both powerful and motive pieces, and the airy Secret Prayer.  Almost a finale, Time is a searching buildup of crescendoes escaping an ominous rhythm line, to find its home on an echoing plateau of peaceful atmospherics and exuberant monologue from the master's emotive guitar.  A lullaby for Z.Z. quietly closes out the album.<br />Crystal Planet is a strong slice of Satch, and very highly recommended. -- Ryan
0440224764|5.0|I liked this one.  I could not figure out how he was going to get out of it.  It was great to see all the forethought that went into planning the details.  Eva was a little too mysterious for me - I couldn't picture her in my mind.  Maybe JG could have described some of their time and what they had in common.  Overall, I really liked it and have recommended it to others.
0679445099|5.0|I have read numerous reviews of this book and in doing so, have come to this conclusion: some of the people who have reviewed it just are not smart enough to read it. Or, they aren't taking their time and enjoying the plotline. (One such  person, referring to the killer, used the wrong sex in which to discribe them!)  Relax, and not rush to the end. Reading is simular to eating; while some dine, others swine. Slow down and enjoy the time away from the real world.  Patricia Cornwell has created a stimulating, and real character in Kay Scarpetta. It's nice to read about an intelligent woman who doesn't conform to others standards. As for Scarpetta's neice, Lucy, she needs a little polishing. Cornwell seems a little skiddish on thoroughly developing this character, and at this point, she is merely a two demensional character. Ease up Patricia, go with your gut feelings on this one and let everyone else be damned.  Back to the book itself... I've read almost all of the Scarpetta novels and find this to be one of the best, thus far. A twisting rollercoaster of murder and intrigue. That's why Cornwell gets the big bucks.
B000002NHN|5.0|This has to be the most beautiful CD I have ever had the good fortune to listen to. I just saw her in concert at Radio City Music hall in NY and was blown away!!!! She has a wonderful voice and writes the most beautiful lyrics. Deeply moving.
0515123447|4.0|Mr. Child has a winner here.  Sure, there were some technical flaws, but still it is better than most John Grisham books.  The only thing that disturbed me was the way Jack Reacher, a drifter and stranger to town, was able to take over a murder investigation from the local police authority. There is a great twist at the end that caught me completely off guard. Congratulations to Mr. Child.  I will be looking for his next book!
B000002U82|5.0|The fourth top selling album in the WORLD might say something about this album. It sat on the Billboard Charts for over 700 weeks marking it the longest lasting album on the Billboards. Just pick and listen and be blown away!
B000002G89|4.0|Listening to this record you'll get the Blues &amp; Folk feeling.  It was recorded when &quot;Mr. Slowhand&quot; was near to the top of drug-living. However, the quality and ability remains and &quot;The Guitar God&quot; finally gets an outstanding work with traditional lyrics and simple but immaculate instrumentation.
B0000062S0|4.0|It was very good. The only thing bad was that sometimes in one song the pace and loudness would change very quickly. Recomended to Zeppelin lovers
B000002BQK|4.0|This is  a very good and spiritual cd.She's done it again
B000002KIC|5.0|Insofar as rock with a hint of country, the Band invented the charts.  No comparison.  Neil Young, Bob Dylan, Eric Clapton, Paul Butterfield, and Joni Mitchell, to name but a few, are the icing in the cake we call 'the Band'.  The Last Waltz defines rock of the '70's.  Thank you for this gift of music.
B000002UAF|5.0|-was I unclear? Hard Days Night will ALWAYS be a standard by which others are compared...
0679720200|3.0|i was forced to read this book in my english class i thought that it was pathetic and boring. meursault(we refer to him as Mo) is a real loser. this book is dumb and i recommend that nobody ever reads it
B000002UJQ|5.0|I'm not even going to try to explain why I love this record. Surely, you've stumbled across a CD that initially seemed lacklustre, yet slowly and steadily found its way back into rotation, more and more, untill that &quot;creepy&quot; realization hits: you've been hitting the repeat button... Don't read any more &quot;reviews&quot;: Get it overwith. step up.
0385491026|3.0|In this rich, nostalgic, yet deeply disturbing novel, Atwood touches upon the special moments and inevitable cruelties that are part of childhood friendships.  I was fascinated by the character of Cordelia, Elaine's childhood friend.  However, I was distressed to find that, somewhere in the middle of the book, I lost track of Cordelia and her influence on Elaine's life.  This made the last half of the book anticlimatic for me because I didn't find the other characters half as interesting as Cordelia. <br />I'm still not sure that I like Atwood's method of storytelling in which she relates the very dramatic parts of her novel in the same even tone as the most mundane event.  It's an interesting writing technique, but I don't think it's for me.
B000003Z6I|5.0|There is no Nick but Nick. Asked to pick a &quot;best&quot; Nick Cave album, most fans will probably eventually land on &quot;From Her to Eternity&quot; and it's hard to argue. (It is, afterall, the song Nick sings during the concert scene in &quot;Wings of Desire&quot;). From the version of Leonard Cohen's ''Avalanche&quot; that opens the cd to the live (second) version of the title track that closes it, there's a lot of great stuff on this album. &quot;St. Huck&quot; could probably get a passing grade in many an advanced English class, intertwining as it does allusions to Twain and Homer. Every song on this album, with the exception of &quot;In the Ghetto,&quot; is a classic; listen to it, and see if you can possibly pick your own favorites--I find I cannot.
044651506X|5.0|Add me to the list of Demille fans who feels that this is one of his best books. No drab hero here, but one you would really like to get to know as a person. Corey is bright, witty, and fun to follow through the pages of this intriguing book. I'm glad it was a long book because I really enjoyed the ride. I didn't particularly like General's Daughter, but I felt this was a most entertaining novel.
0875428940|5.0|The Robin Wood Tarot deck is one of the easiest for beginners to use.  Its vivid natural imagery fosters an intuitive awareness that aids with interpreting the cards.  It is one of my favorite decks and the one I chose to illustrate my book TAROT PLAIN AND SIMPLE (Llewellyn, 1996) -- Anthony Louis.
0446364495|1.0|So many women think this is a wonderful romance novel. Tell me, would you think the same if he had been married, and she had been single? I have posed this question to several women, and they have all said their view would have been different. What a double standard. This one way concept made me hate the book even worse, if that is possible. I read this book to see if it was as bad as the critics said it was (I also watched the movie Plan Nine From Outer Space to see if it was as awful as folks said it was). My conclusion: This book has no literary merit whatsoever. And mind you, I have no objection to romantic novels. Its just that this writer completely lacks talent.  This view is vindicated when you note that each future novel by Mr. Waller has sold fewer and fewer copies. It appears that he is now finished with &quot;writing.&quot; Hallelujah!
0446605409|2.0|Started out the book expecting something exciting on the line of &quot;Virus vs. Earth&quot; and instead got an obnoxious &quot;Columbo does Treasure Island&quot;.  The comical remarks became tiring very quickly.  I haven't tried any other Demille books and I'm wondering if I should.
B000002U84|5.0|Oh c'mon, don't tell me there aren't thousands of closet Duran Duran fans out there just waiting for a chance to praise them online! If you were breathing and/or watching MTV during the 80's there is no way you could have missed Duran Duran.  Love 'em or hate 'em they have earned a place in history as the first band to capitalize on the power inherent in the music video.  Videos from this album--most notably &quot;Rio&quot; and &quot;Hungry Like the Wolf&quot;--revolutionized the music industry and kept us glued to the tube to see how other artists would respond to the challenge posed by these lavishly produced mini-movies.  But Duran Duran--no matter how cute Simon, Nick, John, Roger, and Andy were--could not have made it without their music.  Even besides the two hits mentioned above, Rio is packed with winners: &quot;New Religion,&quot; &quot;Save a Prayer,&quot; &quot;The Chauffeur,&quot; and &quot;Lonely in Your Nightmare&quot; are all well known and loved.  But the truly wonderful thing about Rio is the pleasure of rediscovery.  Who would have guessed that &quot;My Own Way&quot; and &quot;Last Chance on the Stairway&quot; could be so charming?  (Who couldn't love Simon's naive bravado in the former and his &lt;gasp&gt; touching sentimentality in the latter?) No self-respecting Duran Duran fan can omit this album from his/her collection!
B000002BE9|5.0|Sorry about the corny log line;o)  Apple has managed to produce on her very first try a work of genius.  Usually an artist takes three sometimes four efforts before they are able to produce works as lyrically and musicaly rich as Tidal.  Fiona's smokey,steamy, sexy and sometimes raspy voice drives right through to your soul and mesmerizes you making you want to listen to the album over and over again, inprisioning the listner with her lyrics and sex apeal.  Easyly the cream of the crop of new artist of '97, male or female.  I give this album a 10 onlu because I can't give it a 12.
B000002MJC|2.0|A Depeche Mode fan, I like the production on this disk.  Strong vocals, lots of bass, less &quot;electronic&quot; feel.  &quot;Walking in My Shoes&quot; and &quot;In Your Room&quot; are excellent songs.  Unfortunately, the rest of the disk is completely unremarkable, and no where near the quality of &quot;Violator&quot; or &quot;Music for the Masses&quot;.
0345350499|5.0|I just finished this book and it ranks up there among my favorites ever.  OK, if you are an Arthurian scholar you should skip this - it will annoy you.  But if you're somewhat less erudite and just want to be captured by a stirring tale of the women surrounding the legend, you can do no better than this book.  You will fall in love!
B000002LK1|4.0|Many songs that you would hear from Depeche Mode in dance clubs come from this album.  &quot;Personal Jesus&quot; is a track I'm particularly fond of.  &quot;World in my Eyes&quot; and &quot;Policy of Truth&quot;.  There is hardly a bad track on this album.  Combine it with &quot;Music for the Masses&quot; and &quot;Black Celebration&quot;, and you have Depeche Mode's best and most modern sounding work.
B000002BSV|5.0|I have been a fan since their first release, and I think they have only gotten better. Although Bernard Butler is gone, Richard Oakes is a remarkable replacement.  &quot;Lazy&quot; and &quot;The Chemistry Between Us&quot; stand out and also show the diversity of the band's talent. As always, Brett Anderson's enriched voice carries the listener through  10 glorious tracks.  A definite must-have for the brit-pop lover.
B000001ED1|4.0|We've all heard &quot;One of Us&quot; enough times to be quite ill, but it is only one of the songs on this CD.  An exceptional song is &quot;St. Teresa&quot; which vocally reminds me a bit of Stevie Nicks.  &quot;Spider Web&quot; is also a very good, blues sort of song.  This CD is occassionally lyrically clever, and reflects an interesting outlook on life.  The music varies, but usually settles into some blues oriented rock.  In all, it is deservedly popular CD.
B000002LCI|4.0|Containing classics &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; and &quot;Strangelove&quot;, this is an album that has a number of more famous Depeche Mode tracks.  A good buy if you like the style.
B000002NHN|5.0|Having already been a fan of Loreena McKennitt, I bought this CD the moment it was released.  The first time I listened, I knew that &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot; would be a hit.  Since then, a radio version (the album version is far better) has been released and played on numerous popular radio stations.  This album continues in her tradition of weaving the music from various cultures together, and very successfully.  It is a worthy successor to &quot;The Mask and the Mirror&quot; and continues on the upward trend.  Another track of interest is &quot;Marco Polo&quot;, which I found very appealing.  Don't forget to read the liner notes (which come in both English and French) for a better view of the writing process of this fabulous album.
0136879721|5.0|This book is a blooming miracle.  If there are things in your life you feel need changing, and  you can read, you need this book.  Period.  It can be especially effective in having harmonious human relationships, even if such problems aren't your fault.  (I intend to buy SEVERAL copies for friends.)
B000000OSW|4.0|In this CD, Peter Gabriel works through a lot of things in his personal life.  He creates a bigger, more &quot;world music&quot; sound than he did in earlier CDs.  Many of the tracks on this CD made it to singles status on the radio, as did many tracks from the prior CD &quot;So&quot;.  Still, this CD shows a departure of style from &quot;So&quot;.  Still recognizably Peter Gabriel, but the sound has gotten more complex and even more layered.  Gabriel continues to use first class musicians.  Tony Levin (formerly of Yes) joins him on bass for this album (Stewart Copeland of the Police was on two tracks on &quot;So&quot;).  Good CD, but I prefer &quot;So&quot;.  Still, very much worth getting.  Look for all the double meanings in &quot;Kiss that Frog&quot;.
0553288105|4.0|Isaac Asimov outdoes himself, combining his scientific knowledge with his ability to write clever science fiction.  With three distinct story arcs that never really intersect (yet are critical to each other), the novel stays fresh and interesting.  The vision of the para-universe - the book's strongest element - is wonderfully constructed and very original.  The characterizations in the third arc are a little weak, but overall this is a resounding success and a true classic.
B000002UA7|5.0|You buy compellation CDs to find artists you might like.  You buy &quot;best of&quot; CDs to check out the artist.  This is a great buy, consisting of Kate Bush's most famous songs.  &quot;Cloudbusting&quot; and &quot;Running Up That Hill&quot; are here, along with a version of &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; with less helium-inspired vocals than the original.  Excellent CD, and highly recommended.
B0000026DJ|5.0|I purchased this album about 8 years ago, when it was #13 on Rolling Stone's &quot;Best Albums of the 80s&quot; issue. It did not disappoint! Most of us have heard &quot;Beds are Burning&quot; (which is great), but even better is &quot;Dreamworld&quot; - which absolutely rocks. If you like huge pop anthems that you can blast your car stereo to, you must buy this album.
B000000OPU|5.0|This CD was a great commercial success for Peter Gabriel, and may actually be his best CD to date.  &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; became a popular video on MTV.  &quot;Big Time&quot; received a great deal of airplay.  &quot;Red Rain&quot; was played as background theme music on &quot;Miami Vice&quot;.  &quot;In Your Eyes&quot; went on to become one of the most popular and likable love songs of the decade.  The remainder of the tracks are good, but quieter than the most popular songs.  An introspective CD in all.  Highly recommended.
B000002MQ9|5.0|This was the disc that saw DCD make a full transition--they were no longer a rock band using traditional instrumentation, as they were in their self-titled debut or &quot;Spleen and Ideal.&quot; With &quot;Within the Realm&quot; they were now in virtually uncharted territory, making sublimely beautiful music of a dark, neoclassical bent. &quot;Xavier&quot; and &quot;Dawn of the Iconoclast&quot; are standouts, but really every track is a masterpiece, from the Indian-tinged &quot;Cantara&quot; to the quasi-operatic &quot;Persephone.&quot; Goth music with a capital &quot;G.&quot;
0671004611|3.0|Just what millions of us wanted to hear, want to believe.  But true?  If you were base C.O. and your people found alien bodies, would you ship them by truck; leave them UNGUARDED overnight?  Set yourself up for a court martial?  &quot;Spent uranium is, I believe, the 99.5% of the uranium which remains after the U 235 is separated.  The &quot;spent&quot; fuel rods are much too radioactive to process.  How did Col. Corso know that the &quot;chips&quot; he saw were silicon?  He never mentioned having them analyzed. (Our transistors at the time were all germanium.) I personally followed the development of the transistor and integrated circuit by reading the weekly newpaper, Electronic News for 10 years. Progress was NEVER a big jump, but painfully slow steps.  Like 4 photo diodes on one substrate (later called chip).  Then 8. Then 16,64, 128, and an unbelievable 256. Transistor developed painfully slowly from WW II efforts to make more pure and effective diodes.  Finally so pure, they didn't work at all.  Then knowledgeable doping experiments could be run.    SO MANY problems came from using a co-author, instead of doing work himself.  So many obvious cases of hyping it up so it'd sell.  Unscientific claims, like a single spider web strand elongating to 50 miles.   BIGGEST ITEM BY FAR:  Cross infiltration of CIA and KGB, with common agenda of a one-world socialist govt.  When will the American public wake up to the fact that all secret information is secret ONLY from the American public, and for political reasons?  And serves ONLY to slow down progress (the whole public is smarter and has lots more ideas than the whole Army, Navy, USAF, CIA, DIA, FBI, etc. etc. combined)
0553573411|4.0|I have to admit, I was head over heels in love with book one. But something in this book....I don't know. It's a really good book all in all; maybe it's just that it doesn't end happily ever after. That might not be life, but I read books to get AWAY from life. And it sure didn't help that in the end the dog died....I hate those endings.
B000002JS6|4.0|Deprived of their third greatest asset (assets one and two being, respectively, their gift for grimy working-class hard rock riffs and their disinclination to apply those riffs to unreasonably weighty subject matter), AC/DC's first post-Bon Scott album finds them scratching out their most convincing batch of riffs and matching them with some of their silliest lyrics.  Songs like \\"Given the Dog a Bone\\" and \\"Let Me Put My Love into You\\" leave even less to the imagination than the most adolescent minds need.  But the scratched-guitar intro to \\"Back in Black\\" has been stuck in my mind for nearly two decades, \\"Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution\\" is a title for the ages, and \\"You Shook Me All Night Long\\" is the finest song they'll ever write and a high point in the history of heavy metal.
B000000WFF|4.0|This CD has mindless lyrics that make them easy to listen to and memorize.  After listening to it once, you too can sing along.  I love this one, mindless is good after a long day at school.  Great to dance to and use for any indoor practice(guard) because the beats are sooooo easy to count.
B000002G60|5.0|My first impulse was to rate this a 10, but when I compare this to her first album, it just doesn't stand up to the same scrutiny.  Still, &quot;Nine Objects of Desire&quot; is a sultury, sexy album with great lyrics and some beautiful music. &quot;Honeymoon Suite&quot; tells the great story of a couple's night in a hotel room, where the husband and wife have vastly different experiences.  &quot;Tombstone&quot; has a wonderfully jazzy background to it. &quot;Caramel&quot; and &quot;Birth-Day&quot; have haunting sounds. My favorite, though, is &quot;Stockings,&quot; with its evocative lyrics and foot-tapping beat.  I love Suzanne Vega and she does not disappoint with this album.
B000002KGT|5.0|Every American kid of the 70's needs to have this album, just for the pure pleasure of hearing Stevie Nicks singing &quot;Dreams&quot;,  a clear-eyed, sexy little song that is probably the best of 70's pop.  The next song, however, is delightfully smart and gratifying and worth the price of the whole cd.  It is Lindsey Buckingham's &quot;Never Going Back Again&quot;.  Sprightly acoustic guitar and Lindsey's moaning will make you melt.
B000002C4J|5.0|I consider this as Celine's greatest effort ever . This album includes wonderful love ballads . All the tracks in this album has chart potential especially the love theme to the sweeping romantic epic - My Heart Will Go On . Tell Him - her duet with Barbra Streisand can be considered the Collaboration Of The Year . Other gems in this album includes The Reason ( with Carole King ) , I Hate You Then I Love You ( wiith Luciano Pavarotti ) , Treat Her Like A Lady ( with Diana King and Brownstone ) , the title track , When I Need You ( a remake of Rod Stewart 70's classic hit ) and Just A Little Bit Of Love . Certainly , another Album Of The Year for Celine !!!
0812550706|5.0|This was the first non-Trek book I read in the sci-fi realm. I wasn't 2 pages in before I went out and bough myself a copy of this book (I was reading a borrowed copy). This book gripped me like no other had in the past, and certainly has maintained it's reputation throughout the times I've been reading sci-fi since. A young boy is taken from home &amp; family, and trained via games, to help save Earth from an invasion/war with a species that the world fears and doesn't understand. As he ages, the games increase intensity and complexity, as one would expect. The thing is, he doesn't realize the real ramifications of the games. Not till the end. Even I wasn't expecting the end. I needed to re-read the last 25-30 pages again, becasue I was sure I'd missed something. That was not the case, Card just wove the plot so well, that I missed the subtlety of the ending. I'd recommend this book to ANYONE, and have recommended it to just about everyone I know! If it's not on your shelf, it SHOULD be!
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave's jangly, powerful voice always takes an unexpected turn in these tunes and it never fails to land a smile on your face.  Very intricate, thoughtful rhythms infuse the whole thing.  I was very impressed by the engineering which allows these very involved orchestrations of horns, saxophones, flutes, whistles and violins to balance perfectly with Dave's tip-top acoustic guitar and that phenomenal voice of his.  It sounds like he enlisted the best musicians around for this project and the result is a very moving, powerful work.
B000000WCA|1.0|Sorry, but I cannot get with this Spice Girl thing - they dance, they wear cute clothes...but can they make music?  Not too well, I'm afraid.  The insipid lyrics (&quot;If you really bug me then I'll say goodbye&quot; comes to mind) and terrible singing (sing? they need to sing?) make this album a joke.  God help us, soon they'll be putting out solo albums...The only reason I don't give this album a 1 is that one of them (not sure which) can carry a tune - but I'll stick with girls who really know how to sing, thanks.
B00000099Y|5.0|This cd is a true masterpiece.  Tool keeps getting better, and this album marks their rise to the top of all, yes all, American rock music.  It is not just the solid soaring crushing music, but how they build up to the peaks in their songs and then crash down in a snakepit of sinister sounds.  I marvel at their ability to control such strange and exhilarating sounds in a smooth, brave, unflinching whole.  The songs themselves are great, but taken together, it is a TOUR DE FORCE.  &quot;Eulogy&quot; is gorgeous, &quot;H&quot; is scary and viscious, &quot;Hooker with a P***s&quot; is drastic, fast and shocking, &quot;Die Eier Von Satan&quot; is a recipe for dough, I think, with NO EGGS!!! You must experience this highly-textured, intelligent, darkly moving magnum opus
044651506X|3.0|I really liked the plot of this book.  It was sufficiently complex and interesting.  In reading it, I felt as if I learned something which I like. I also enjoyed the thrill ride the book gave.  Demille always does a good job of writing page-turners.  However, I did not like that the book was written in first person.  First of all, I never like books written in first person.  Secondly, and much worse, the character whose perspective the book was written from was incredibly annoying and this ruined the entire book for me.  I would not recommend it.
B0000060NF|4.0|From the first moment of &quot;What's Goin On&quot; you know you are in the presence of greatness.  It is so groovy, your head shakes from side to side and you remember where your soul went.  Then he gets dangerously romantic on &quot;Flyin High&quot; and then lays a bunch of quixotic &quot;save the children&quot; stuff in the next song, full of darkly optimistic little messages.  He kind of lets himself go on this album, his voice meanders over the soul music without much melody, just plain soul.
0440224764|4.0|Okay. So I have read every Grisham book he has written.  I found the Partner to be a quick, intense read, (by intense I mean the first 300 pages flew by), but find myself disappointed in the ending. I kept hoping she &quot;just got lost&quot;.
B000001FKY|5.0|This CD is incredible. The songs are gritty and hard-driving, but sensual and evocative at the same time (wonder if the band would like that!) Whenever I listen to &quot;Hysteria&quot; or &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me&quot; it reminds me of my boyfriend in his spiky blonde 80s-do, skintight stovepipes and leather jacket. What's better than that?! Rock needs to get back to this kind of sexy fun!
B000000WZ4|4.0|Depeche Mode fans will want to make this newest album one of their collection giving it a special place separate from all of the other albums Depeche Mode has done.  This effort is like no other - dark, hypnotising, slightly sinister with the smooth, distinctive vocals that only Depeche Mode can produce.
B000002KHY|5.0|I'm a pretty simple man, and to me, there's nothing better than a log walk in the park to your favorite shady spot......unpacking the picnic basket with the thermos of iced tea and the quart of tabbouleh...relaxing on a blanket with the lady in my life.......and enjoying the lovely sounds of &quot;Shower The People&quot; and &quot;Fire and Rain&quot; and all the other winsome, thoughtful hits from this deep, poetic man.
B000002VMH|5.0|This CD demonstrates Annie Lennox's incredible talent more than anything else she's done in the past.  The lyrics, music and the way she delivers it is stunning and so diverse that you can listen to it over and over.  Anyone who likes music sung by someone with true talent will love this CD.
B000003Z6I|5.0|If there is only one Nick Cave CD in your collection, it had better be this one. &quot;From Her to Eternity&quot; marks the apex of Nick, catching him at his most bitter, most brilliant, most rocking best. Johnny Cash, John Lee Hooker and the ghosts of Mark Twain and Elvis drown in a sea of electric blues and Bo Diddley riffs. Deep in Robert Johnson-on-acid country, Cave's black-comic genius shines through this whole recording, from the title track (the greatest song ever written) to the Cohen and Elvis covers. It's a seductive, strange and completely irresistable album.
0385484518|4.0|I wasn't really touched until the very very end. I thought the message got awfully preachy, but some things ran true. It has motivated me to write a letter to my favorite teacher who I haven't seen in 15 years...or at least think about doing it, for now.
B000003Z4C|5.0|There is no Nick but Nick. &quot;Let Love In&quot; also belongs in the running for best Bad Seeds album and, again, I'd stack it against &quot;From Her to Eternity&quot; but place a bet both ways. &quot;Red Right Hand&quot; (featured briefly in an episode of X-Files--wouldn't you just know it was the psycho-killer's theme song) features some tremendous instrumentals, as well as the usual killer lyrics. &quot;Jangling Jack&quot; is another &quot;damn it all, I've been shot in a bar&quot; song of the sort for which Nick seems to be developing quite an affection. &quot;Lay Me Low&quot; finds Nick apparently reflecting on his own reputation once more, noting ruefully that once he's gone, the reporters will end up &quot;talking to his brother who will tell them of some long-gone lover that [he] hardly knows.&quot; The opening line of &quot;Let Love In&quot; sums up  the whole business of romantic entanglement in 16 tidy words: &quot;despair and deception, love's ugly little twins, came a-knocking at my door, I let them in.&quot; This album completely lacks a non-quotable song, but it's only fair to allow some individual discoveries. Buy it, listen to it, live it. For one must love everything Nick is, and almost everything he does.
0887306667|4.0|22 Immutable Laws is a great little book to either wet your appetitie or remind you of what not to do. After reading this be sure to get their other books on Positioning, these longer books go into depth about the logic behind the &quot;Laws&quot;. Ries and Trout have great insights into the discipline of marketing, even if your a pro you'll get something out of them.
0887307280|5.0|TERRIFIC BOOK, I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE THAT I COME IN CONTACT WITH THAT IS STRUGGLING WITH THE BASIC PROBLEMS OUTLINED IN MICHAEL'S BOOK.  MY THINKING WAS CRYSTALIZED BY THE IDEAS IN E-MYTH AND THE EXAMPLES OF HOW AND WHY THE GREATS ARE GREAT. THE CONTINUED READING AND LISTENING TO THIS STUFF KEEPS ME FOCUSED ON BUILDING MY BUSINESS WHILE I AM DOING BUSINESS.  THE VERY BEST BOOK, AND OTHER GERBER MATERIALS, THAT I HAVE READ. THE DIFFERENCE IT HAS MADE IN MY THINKING, IN ME AND MY BUSINESS IS INCREDIBLE.
B000000ORE|2.0|I had heard most of these songs in a live version and was hoping for the same great music. I was really disappointed to find that the old recordings were really bad. I would definitely recommend 'Five Man Accoustical Jam' over this. It has a much better collection of tunes, and a much better sound.
0930289528|5.0|V for Vendetta is the story of an ideal.  Not a man, for a man is flesh and blood, but an ideal.  You can't kill an ideal.<br />These are the ideas presented in this very intruguing and fast-paced story.  One of comic writer ALAN MOORE's greatest works, &quot;V for Vendetta&quot; is a story that will compell and haunt the reader.  <br />After a devastating nuclear war in 1988, England is brought back together by the facists who have banded and formed the new government that rules with an iron fist.  The concentration camps have been set up, and out of them comes a mysterious and almost insane vigilante.  &quot;To tell the truth, I do not have a name,&quot; he says.  &quot;You can call me 'V.'  He cavorts about London wearing his Guy Fawkes costume with its smiling paper-mache mask.  V sets about his grisly work of vengeance upon the people who wronged him and the system that killed his former self.  &quot;I am the Devil, and I come to do the Devil's work.&quot;  But he has much more up his grey sleeve, as he tells the girl he rescues from police brutality.  <br />Full of believable characters and a gripping plot, V for Vendetta is a look into the human soul, on what drives a man so far, until he pushes himself farther...
1573226521|5.0|I usually do not read this kind of book, but I could not put it down after I started reading it!  It's hard to believe this is Garland's first book.  I was expecting some sort of adventure  &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; type of story but was amazed at the depth of what the story was really trying to tell us.  Made me think over what happiness really is, like in a material sence.   I would like to find the &quot;BEACH&quot; myself sometimes to escape.
B000002A3T|5.0|When this recording came out, many Pink Floyd fans/critic expressed disapointment with its contents. True, it has less of the &quot;acid&quot; influence, it is smooth, symphonic and slow at times and nothing many would consider avant garde. It did capture some of the essence of the time it was created in however, and it still contains much of the group's criticism of self, society and our treatment of one another.  I particularly love Take It Back...a song of realising that we take and take and take (of each other, the planet, our future) and somehow never seem to realise we are gonna pay sooner or later! Well, that's what I got out of it, listen and enjoy :-)
B000002MY3|4.0|Alanis managed to create an immensely popular CD despite her vocals (which do not compare to many better sounding female vocalists, a short list including Annie Lennox, Anne Wilson, Sarah McLachlan, and so on).  Yet, perhaps the raw sound and feel of the album is what makes it so appealing.  Alanis is not a solid vocalist, but that flaw is set against good rock and intense lyrics.  The jury is out as to whether she will follow up on the success of this album, but this is a worthy buy in the &quot;angry rock&quot; category.  For a more folk accoustic, check out Ani DiFranco, but be warned -- Ani's language can be worse than Alanis'.
B000001ED1|4.0|Almost every song on this album is a knock-off of someone else's style...and yet I like it! Joan Osborne is an incredibly talented and versatile vocalist, best at a blues-rock kind of thing, and I wish she'd settle down into her own groove. &quot;St. Teresa&quot; and &quot;One of Us&quot; are just great, and truly original.  But &quot;Let's Just Get Naked&quot; could be Liz Phair and &quot;Right Hand Man&quot; sounds just like Bonnie Raitt! I hope she evens out, because her bluesy take on girl-rock is nice.
0553108034|4.0|I am an avid fantasy/scifi reader, and I am very impressed with this book. I tore through it like the pages were on fire.  Although Martin's book is fantasy, it contains traces of historical references (the deposed family remided me an awful lot of the British Stuarts...) The characters were deep, and the story was very good. My favorite fantasy writers are Margret Weiss and Tracy Hickman of 'Dragonlance' fame, and Glen Cook, author of the &quot;Black Company&quot; series. I did not ever think that a series would top either one of these, but if Martin keeps up at hsi current skills, I will be wrong!
B000005AYM|5.0|After listening to the same kind of styles and moaning and groaning from numerous of other Black musical groups of the past couple of years,  I finally get a breath of fresh air!  Erykah Badu is the best thing that has happened to R&amp;B in a long time!  After listening to jazzy, sultry, bluesy and soulful songs from this powerful CD I can now say that  I am  a true follower of Baduism!
B000005ILF|3.0|Slow and somewhat passionless at times, Mercury Falling is a mixed bag of picks and pans. His renditions of the country/ western genre come out sounding pale and odd beside the lyrical sea chanty 'Valparaiso', while a couple other tunes fall short of masterpieces. On the whole, I bought this cd because I like Sting, it's not as good as Ten Summoner's Tales or as soulful and dark as The Soul Cages.
B000002MM8|4.0|A very good CD, but &quot;10&quot; was reserved for the Sisters of Mercy's &quot;Floodland&quot;.  DCD is a quieter, more moody sound.  If you've ever heard a DCD song, chances are that it was &quot;Yulunga&quot; or &quot;The Ubiquitous Mr. Lovegrove&quot;, both found on this CD.  A recommended buy for lovers of the world music sound.
B000002AGN|5.0|I get in a lot of fights over this one. But it remains my favorite jazz album of all time. I listened to it as a little girl on my dad's hi-fi,  I slavishly imitated Paul Desmond's bouncy saxophone style when I took up playing, and I wore  the thing out on vinyl. These are Brubeck's time sign experiments, where he used such wacky things as 5/4...but the strange thing is, they're not rhythmically jolting at all. Instead, they're smooth, flowing rivers of melody. Lyric poems by sax, piano and drums, tasty tight solos delivered over bizarre chunks of time. &quot;It's copacetic,&quot; my high-school band teacher used to say. And it is.
0517122707|5.0|I read this book on a road trip to New Orleans.  My husband must have thought I was crazy because I broke into gut busting laughter so many times.  Ignatius J. Reilly is wonderful.  When I saw his statue on Canal Street, from a distance, I knew immediately who it was.  Ignatius and ALL of the characters in the book were wonderful.
B000003TSP|5.0|Aside from being the most beautiful sounding music I've ever heard, Beth Gibbons' ghost-like voice captivates my consciousness like a mind controlling substance.  Seeing them live is the only thing that tops this performance.
B000000OU4|5.0|Until I heard song #4 (To the end of the world), I'd have to say my all time favorite songs were from either from Dave Brubeck or Miles Davis. But after you've listened to song #4 4 or 5 times, it really gets you hooked.
0671001256|5.0|The reader witnesses Fitzgerald's characters as they pass the time and age, but refuse to grow.  The main character emerges from a priviledged upbrining and proceeds to alienate those around him with his destructive behavior.  Through ironic plot twists and an extremely ironic ending, Fitzgerald question the morals of this and every following generation.
0451452739|5.0|Definetly one of the greatest sci-fi books of all time.  A. C. Clarke's masterpiece. Also a great movie.
B000001IQH|4.0|This is a powerfull CD from beginning to end.  It has a great beat.  I have a NordicTrack, and it turns out this is the perfect music to excercise to.  Honest.  Try it!
B000000OQF|5.0|This was one of the greatest albums of the 1980's as well as one of the most important albums in the late-80's resurgence of heavy metal.  Don't write &quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; off just because you got sick of &quot;Sweet Child O' Mine&quot; and &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot; being played constantly on MTV in the late '80's.  All of the songs on this album are superb.  The intro to &quot;My Michelle&quot; is a work of pure genius, and &quot;Mr. Brownstone&quot; truly delivers the goods in the rock 'n' roll department.  The musicianship is unparalleled.  These guys were amazing innovators, and this is the album that secured their reputation as such.
B000001FI7|5.0|A darkness settles in as this album spins out of your stereo.  A darkness infused with sensual hopes and an essential yearning for subaquatic experience.  I feel like I'm under water, because I have it on right now.  There is a strange, groovy substance to this cd, I can't quite put my finger on it.  But every time I play it I think, &quot;I must put this on much more often&quot;.  Especially with &quot;It could be Sweet&quot;.  So sweet, blackly romantic.
B0000025T6|5.0|My confession: I listened to this album for the first time around 1990 based on a friend's recommendation, and I was  instantly converted.  I had previously taken part in the backlash against Bruce Springsteen, the backlash that followed the stunning commercial success of &quot;Born in the USA.&quot;   &quot;Nebraska&quot; set me straight and gave me insight into what a masterful storyteller Springsteen is.  <br />This album is Bruce all alone, without the E Street band.  The songs are quiet and honest with a rough quality, and each one tells a story about people who somehow got left out of the American dream.  &quot;Used Cars&quot; is the most touching to me,  telling a child's perspective on his father's purchase of a used car, which is a powerful symbol of the family's lack of status or hope.  &quot;My Father's House&quot; is equally powerful.<br />&quot;Nebraska&quot; is the clear predecessor to &quot;Tunnel of Love.&quot;  &quot;Born in the USA&quot; really seems like an aberration in Springsteen's musical development when you consider that it was released in the time between these two albums.  Don't get me wrong.  &quot;Born in the USA&quot; is a great album.  But &quot;Nebraska&quot; is softer and far more haunting.
B000002KBU|5.0|&quot;I wanna talk to ya, I wanna shampoo ya, I wanna renew you again and again... when I think of your kisses my mind sees stars...&quot;  Just a fraction of the shining poetry that pierces the fuzzy brilliance of Joni's guitar and piano playing.  This album is the defining moment in her career, all of the songs are beautiful, yes, but imbued with a restlessness that always haunts the ears and keeps you wondering where that perfect peace of her voice comes from.
B000002UAR|5.0|It is hardly seen any review on this album without any reference to its immediate successor &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot;. Nevertheless, it is much more than a mere appetizer for The Beatles' so-called &quot;masterpiece&quot;. In fact, this should be regarded as a masterpiece of its own, a brilliant collection of songs pointing out to the future. And it still points out, just as in 1966! Moreover, &quot;Revolver&quot; should not be thought of only as the turning point that it really represents in The Beatles' discography, but should also be considered in terms of what it means to rock'n'roll history. It contains sounds that had never been heard hitherto, that can only compare to The Beach Boys' &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; (though with much more urgency). &quot;Revolver&quot; was the first sign that, from then on, rock would not be a &quot;youth fever&quot;. It would be &quot;young people's art&quot;. What word other than &quot;art&quot; could be used to describe such beautiful songs as &quot;She Said She Said&quot; , &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows&quot; or &quot;Here There And Everywhere&quot;? So, whenever listening to this album, make sure you will pay attention to the fact that you are listening to a legitimate rock classic.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork tears her heart out on this one and offers it to you at a ridiculously low price.  It's the kind of cd which you want to hear for the first time again and again.  You'll never get there, but holy hell, you'll play it a lot.  Electronica never ever sounded this good.  She is the future of electronica-trip-hop.  The aural atmosphere is devastating.  Every song is singularly radiant.
0451167716|5.0|This was, wit the execption of Les Mesesarbes, the best books I have ever read.  It had a brilliant plot, well devolped, interesting characters, and, even though I saw the movie before reading the book and knew what would happen, still amazed and dazzled me with the pure power of the writing and the engrossing plot.  One almost feels as if the Corleone family and the surrounding charcters were fact and the Godfather was history rather than fiction.  An excellent and brilliant classic of a novel.
0790731185|5.0|In the world we are living there are always walls in our way, there are short and tall ones, here is the way of passing through ...     END
0553278355|5.0|The Bell Jar, by Sylvia Plath, is listed as fiction, but I would categorize it as a psychological study. The main character, Esther Greenwood (a hero fashioned after Sylvia) barely survives the trials  and tribulations of a life which includes electroshock and temporary &quot;insanity.&quot; Her life is sheltered  under a suffocating bell jar which distorts reality into a pessimitically biased version of the truth. To escape this life-style, Esther attempts suicide on several occasions (many of which paralleling  the attempts of Sylvia).  The bell jar is a depressing, but accurate, account of a less-than-ideal life. Esther will have you  weeping and laughing as she attempts to lead a  normal life-style. If Sylvia hadn't committed  suicide in 1963, she would have been very proud of its success.
0684874350|5.0|Angela's Ashes effected me by changing my outlook on life.  Frank McCourt's stories of surviving extreme poverty, and overcoming cruelty from extended family members and many others, are inspiring. Even more amazing is the fact that he had the strength and discipline to write down the memories of his bleak upbringing. This should be required reading for any member of &quot;Generation X&quot; or any overindulged teenager who dares to complain about life. A co-worker loaned me the book, but I am buying my own copy because I never want to forget some of the people Frank described. I did find the ending abrupt, however, and I want to know more about his life, and his family. A sequel, please!
B000002GY9|5.0|One of my favorite albums of all time, this one just gets better every time I play it. Among my favorite tracks: &quot;Tom Traubert's Blues&quot; is the essence of noir, &quot;Pasties and A G-String&quot; tells you everything you need to know about the lost world of burlesque in a single song, and &quot;Step Right Up&quot; details the cosmic history of the white rap tradition (Sideshow barkers, Medicine Show grifters, tobacco auctioneers, tentshow Preachers). This album is the aural equivalent of a rain-soaked night on the sleazy side of town, a sonic masterpiece by one of our best musicians, a unique and distinctly American voice. If you don't know Tom Waits and want to, this is the album to buy, and if you do know him and don't have it, what are you waiting for?
0446310786|5.0|*I loved Harper Lee's &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird.&quot;  It starts as a flashback, as told through the eyes a sweet girl nicknamed &quot;Scout.&quot; *Through most of the story, it seems like the book is going to be based on the life of the creepy neighbor that Scout, her brother Jem, and their friend Dill try to get out of seclusion.  The mysterious Arthur &quot;Boo&quot; Radley, seems to be the focus of the story early on, but later, a new topic shows the point. *The ideal father, Atticus, seems to be the only man in Maycomb County willing to defend a black man accused of raping a white woman.  This is very important because the story takes place in the deep South during the Depression. The trial helps the kids (especially Jem) realize that even the town they've lived in all their life, is not as it seems. *My favorite quotes come from Sheriff Heck Tate and Scout, the two quotes are unrelated, and won't make sense until the whole story has been read.  Tate says, &quot;...there's just some kind of men you have to shoot before you can say hidy to 'em.  Even then they ain't worth the bullet it takes to shoot 'em.&quot;  Scout says, &quot;Mr. Tate was right...it'd be sort of like shootin' a mockingbird, wouldn't it?&quot;  The quotes alone are enough to read the book, and I know that once you start reading it, you won't be able to put it down; I know I couldn't.
B000002WYT|5.0|Crash is one of the best-balanced, musically diverse and rich CDs of the 90's.  By now, everybody has heard &quot;Crash&quot; and &quot;So Much to Say.&quot;  But, there are so many other incredible tunes that feature Boyd Tinsley's driving violin riffs, Leroi Moore's jazzy sax and flute, and Carter Beauford's super-charged percussion.  Take a listen to &quot;Drive In Drive Out,&quot; &quot;Lie in our Graves,&quot; or &quot;Tripping Billies&quot; to appreciate fully the talent and cohesiveness of this band.  Also, softer songs like &quot;Say Goodbye&quot; and &quot;Proudest Monkey&quot; feature Dave's distinctive cooing and illustrate the unusual versatility of this band.
B0000000LI|4.0|This CD was actually pretty cool - I didn't expect to like it but I did! Some songs like &quot;Nostaligia&quot; aren't very good, but others like &quot;Medley&quot; and &quot;Passion&quot; were great! Although it could be annoying at times, it made you feel like you were at the concert, and sometimes you even felt like clapping along with the rest of the crowd! A good &quot;first&quot; Yanni record for new fans.
B000001ZS3|5.0|A complete and wonderful offering from the master of the keyboard, Jean Michele Jarre. The man is a genius of music, and this album is proof. Originally released 22 years ago, it is still being remixed and re-released. Strong and soaring,  every track is captivating and masterfull.
B000002BPS|5.0|This is one of those &quot;gotta have&quot; CDs if you're a big Offspring fan, or even a rock fan anyway! These kicka** tunes are not for Spice Girl-fans or any other wimpy wannabes (no offense intended!) It's not quite &quot;Rage Against the Machine&quot; but tunes like &quot;I Choose&quot; and &quot;Meaning of Life&quot; are SO cool! Check it out if you want good ROCK!
B000001EUP|5.0|The scorpions will bring out the bad boy in yo with hard driving guitar riffs, screeching vocals and angry lyrics. No one will be able to resist playing along on air guitar, and leather pants will suddenly seem like a good idea. But then the tempo will change to slow harmonic ballads, perfect for a slow cigerate, and the last pull of beer.
B000001DQI|5.0|I found this in my mom's Cd collection, but couldn't stop listening to it! The songs are deep and beautiful, and each speaks to a different part of your life. I especially loved &quot;Candle In The Wind&quot; &quot;Benny &amp; The Jets&quot; and &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick Road.&quot; I'd recommend this CD to anyone young who wants to get to know Elton John as he was in the beginning! Get it soon or you'll be sorry - I rate it a 10!
B000001F8L|4.0|This is the Scorpions album that launched their US popularity. This is a leather wearing, head bangin, your parents won't like it rock and roll album. While not the scorpions greatest album, this is a must have for anyone who enjoys 80's rock.
B000002LCB|5.0|This Cd has everything, from soft romantic music to exciting, fast-paced music. It will suit almost any taste. The music was also very captivating. My favorite song was &quot;Come, My Love, I'll Tell You A Tale&quot;. It made me feel like I was right there in the action. I recommend it for lovers of the movie very highly!
B000002BYD|5.0|Great Band - Fabulous record!  Sure, I'm a fan and I can safely say this is Pearl Jam's best effort since Vs.  For me, drummer Jack Irons makes a huge contribution with his unique, charismatic style.  Seems like more attention was paid to song writing this time.  Yield passes the true test of greatness - I can listen to it from start to finish and truly enjoy the experience.  Favorite tracks include: In Hiding (subtle distortion, passionate vocals), Do the Evolution (retro-funkiness, satirical screaming), Brain of J (hard-hitting riffs, classic Vedder), and All Those Yesterdays (quiet reflection, Beatlesque finish).  Suberb.
B000002LCK|5.0|Is this CD collection a dream?! What an incredible thing to have in your CD changer!! The absolute best of the most incredible techo band ever. If you can't completely love &quot;Bizarre Love Triangle&quot; and &quot;Blue Monday&quot;, then get this CD and find out what you missed at those discos in the '80s!!!
B000002C4J|5.0|I have bought the CD because of &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, and I have loved all other tracks, specially &quot;Tell Him&quot;. Simply wonderful!
B0000032LS|5.0|I absolutely love this CD even though I'm only 15. The songs are wonderful and original and though maybe inappropriate, I love every song. The CD captures the feeling of the movie perfectly. Some of the best songs are &quot;Time Warp&quot; and &quot;Touch-a Touch-a Touch Me&quot;. I know all the words to the songs and listen to it at least once a day.
0140013997|5.0|I always wondered at a set of books my dad kept in his shelfs and once in a while he would read them and if you watch him constantly he would suddenly laughout loudly like a hysteric human. Later  when  I was in 7th standard he gave me one of those books from the good old shelf , it was 'The bafut beagles'. Then afterwords in a series I read all of Gerry's books and very often I caught  myself laughing hystreically.  Each one is a deadly piece of art., which keeps anybody half smiled always and bursts of laughter quite  ofetn. Among all his books the best one is 'My family and other animals' and again  'The birds beasts and relatives'  falls into the  same categorry. Any aged persone can get immense pleasure out of his humer.
B000002U84|5.0|Duran Duran's masterpiece, the absolute apex of sexy Euro-synth. As well as the gorgeous rhythm of hits &quot;Rio&quot; &quot;Hungry Like The Wolf&quot; and &quot;New Religion&quot;, the Durans weave a voluptuous spell in &quot;The Chauffeur,&quot; guaranteed to turn the glass splinters in your mind twilight blue with heavy sense and memory. Absolutely intoxicating.
B000002MFN|5.0|This CD is one of Madonna's best. It really shows how hard Madonna works on her music. The songs like &quot;Erotica&quot; and &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot; are fun and easy on teh ear. I don't know how Madonna can keep up with the new generations and music styles and still keep the older generations dancing. Her songs are true originals.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The problem with a band like Radiohead is, each album is so incredible it leaves you craving the next one, just to see what they'll do next and how beautiful it will be. The stuff is so original and creative it's the true meaning of &quot;alternative&quot; rock. &quot;Okay Computer&quot; as a track absolutely RULES!
B000000XB9|5.0|I wish I knew Creedence when they were around, but since I'm only 14, I have to hear it off this CD! But I really love the solid rock of these songs, especially &quot;Travelin' Band&quot; and &quot;Bad Moon.&quot; There's no band that has come along like them, so get this CD and find out for yourself how nice rock was in the old days!
B000002UKS|5.0|Pretty much all the songs on this CD talk about relationships in some way, but that's ok - the mix of fast tunes and softer songs is great! The best part about this CD is the diversity - the songs vary so greatly, and everyone gets a turn to sing. Required listening!
B000002LFZ|5.0|How can a band as great as FM not have all their hits be the greatest? You've just got to love this collection! It will take you back to the lazy California 70s, with hot tubs, white wine spritzers and permed hair everywhere! And songs like &quot;Hold Me&quot; and &quot;Go YOur Own Way&quot; NEVER lose their appeal! Makes you want to have a party on your deck, where everyone wears white and talks about EST. The coolest!
B0000028M7|5.0|This is an incredible follow up to their hit debut &quot;Facelift.&quot; This CD is very diverse in tempo, and thoroughly maintains a unique vibe of heavy sound, dramatic lyrics and innovative guitar work. You can rock out to &quot;Them Bones&quot; and then refresh yourself in the soothing melody of &quot;Down In a Hole&quot;. I recommend &quot;Dirt&quot; this album is magnificent!
B0000028UK|5.0|No one can beat Eddie, Stone, Mike, Jack and Jeff.  This is Pearl Jam at their most inquisitive yet plain-spoken, and they shine on paens to curiosity like &quot;Daughter&quot; and &quot;Glorified G.&quot; Definitely a must-listen for fans of thoughtful rock.
B000000OSO|5.0|I love this CD! Every song is wonderful, you can dance to every one. It's rock and I usually don't like rock but this is one big exception! This is a CD that no matter where you are you just bust-out singing with every song! And maybe even get up and dance to it! My faves are &quot;Cryin'&quot; and &quot;Crazy.&quot;
B0000039QP|5.0|Notorious B.I.G. is sorely missed, and listenig to this CD makes you know why. The way he busts fat rhymes is like no other on the planet, and now even more so as he is dead. But maybe now he will be the best intergalactic rapper ever! Bring Norotious back to life by praising him and listening to this great CD.
B000002LJA|5.0|Quincey is an r&amp;b god, and nowhere does it show itself than on these gorgeous compilations he does with an incredible array of stars! The highlight of this set has to be &quot;I'll Be Good To You&quot; - Jones, along with Ray Charles and Chaka Khan, takes an already-terrific Brothers Johnson hit and finds so much more inside! Lush, sexy and incredibly funky, this is some of the best of what a master like Mr. Jones can find in a song!
B000002K9N|5.0|You're right there at the Sands with the Chairman of the Board, and is he ever at his swingin' best! No one could taste a lyric better than Frank, and for those of you who missed ever seeing him live (or alive), this Cd is a must-have. From the velvety tones of &quot;It Was A Very Good Year&quot; to the sassy plea of &quot;Fly Me To The Moon&quot; , it's showtime Frank at his nightclub-best. And if you think you can afford to miss his monologue at the end, my friend, you are sadly mistaken. As Frank would say, &quot;You need this like Baby needs more giggle juice!&quot; (and that means YES!)
B0000039PW|5.0|This Cd is probably not suitable for children under 13 because of the high levels of profanity. If they were to play &quot;Gimme the Loot&quot; on the radio there would be no song! But the best songs are &quot;Hypnotizezd&quot; and Mo' Money Mo' Problems.&quot; This is an all-around great Cd for rap fans, but as long as you're over 13! (I am 16).
B000001FDK|5.0|Bring back memories as you sing along to these classic favorites! Who can forget &quot;One That I Want&quot; &quot;Grease (is the word)&quot; and &quot;Summer Nights&quot;?! Or who would want to?! This CD will please your ears for hours. This is the kind of CD that everyone screams the words to at parties (&quot;Greased Lightning&quot;) and has an absolute blast dancing to while it is on the CD player. Get it and enjoy it forever!
B000002H6C|5.0|This CD is definitely hard rock, but like no other. The song length vary from 6-8 minutes, not your typical &quot;radio-friendly&quot; pop song! The songs usually start with a melodious little tune that gains speed or starts out with flat-out thrashing. The songs hold a heavy, high-speed vibe that is very definitive, but not repetitive by any means. Superb guitar work starts firing off like clockwork, and just when you think the song is finished, wham! Even more! Underneath the rugged exterior of the notoriously badass Metallica is 4 extremely talented musicians. This is one of their best albums EVER!
B000001Y79|5.0|This CD has really awesome, good songs! The lead singer, Gwen Stefani, is someone teenage girls really look up to, so it is great to hear her being smart and in control on songs like &quot;Just A Girl&quot; and &quot;Don't Speak&quot;. Gwen herself started singing when she was 16 or 17 so not only is her music GREAT, she herself is a great role model! No Doubt RULES.
B000002H2H|5.0|Dio are famous for thier special style and this title is really nice and has no single poor song.
B000005JH5|5.0|A gorgeous start to an incredible career. Songs like &quot;Rolling the Ball&quot; and &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; are spine-tingling forerunners of the diva Kate has become. A must-have for any KB fan.
B000002H2H|4.0|Metallica' good shoot in the hard rock space. No single poor song.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica is back and better than ever with a thrilling follow-up record to the critically-acclaimed classic &quot;...And Justice For All.&quot; And boy was it worth the wait! On this album you can find everything you would ever expect from Metallica and more. There is James Hetfield's crunchy rhythm guitars and classic growling voice; Lars Ulrich's terrifically heavy drum patterns; James Newstead's still-quality bass work, and of course, Kirk Hammett's &quot;never-cease-to-amaze-you&quot; lead guitar work. Also, here Metallica seems to find a softer sound. On sings such as &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot; and &quot;Unforgiven&quot; they come with an acoustical finger-picking attack (James) covered and complimented by terrific screaming electrical leads (Kirk). This album is one of a kind and is on my top-10 list for best of '91!
B000002H97|5.0|I have never got a collection of Metallica like that they have given to me in this. This should be in the library of any Hard Rock Fan.
B000000OQF|5.0|Guns N' Roses made some of the best rock ever! Slash on guitar and Izzy on guitar were the best duo - add Axl's cool vocals and you get one wicked band! They really shine on this album. Who can resist &quot;Welcom to the Jungle&quot; or &quot;Sweet Child of Mine&quot;? No Cd collection is complete without this one!
B000002UWF|5.0|This CD is absolutely amazing.  I want to jump for joy when I hear any of his songs!  It is great dance music, and it will get you energized and in the mood for anything.  God bless the Swing revival! God bless Louis Prima!
B000000WCA|5.0|This CD shows Brit-pop flair in a creative style. Even so, this young all-girl band flexes their girl-power muscles while rising to the top of the world's pop charts. As demonstrated in &quot;Wannabe&quot;, the group's first single, the girls show their kinship in feisty lyrics. The band has risen to such popularity they even had their own movie! Otehr great tracks include &quot;Say You'll Be There&quot; and &quot;Something Kinda Funny&quot;.
0060977493|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read (and I have read quite a lot!).  Whoever thinks this book is boring must be totallt unaware of the way Roy treats the english language. Just the words, the expressions like &quot;in a diable, viable age&quot;, and the structure of the prose made me smile and wishing I could read on for ever. The way Roy makes the reader guessing what has really happened at an early stage of the book (and most of it one can guess quite early) there still remain so many details that she manages to keep ones attention all the way through. The way she describes some of Esthas and Rahels feelings is amazing! Whether the story in itself is &quot;biographic&quot; (which Roy says it's not) is to me totally uninteresting. Even though the story has many elements specific to India it also has many &quot;universal&quot; elements. If you want to read unconvential but fascinating prose, to be captured in an amazing world by amazing words read this book.
B000002JS6|5.0|Though their first album without Bon, it still rocks and set a cool precedent for later albums. Angus' rockin guitar goes on, and this is one CD that will necer leave the changer!
B0000028RR|5.0|Rage rages against injustice and corporate America. Kick ass rock melding with rap in a perfect riot of noise and rhythm.
6303567126|5.0|Maybe because I am older, with kids, I felt very touched by his performance in this film. He accomplished all he set out to in my mind. I also believe his depicting characters from reality is excellant, as is all his debuts.He was the poet, Rimbaud, he was a child -man with an affliction in What's eating Gilbert Grape? And, as in all his glory,he is a true romantic , as he was Romeo.His parents &amp; friends must be so very proud , as are we, his devoted fans. I wait with true excitement, anticipating his next film,don't you?     END
0385484518|5.0|When I first looked at the insde of this book's cover, I decided this was a book I was not going to be interested in.  I'm 15 years old...what do I want to know about dying? But in fact, this book is about life, and the way you live it.<br />Mitch Albom began his college career as a teenager looking for kicks, but once he began classes with Morrie, his entire outlook changed.  Morrie taught Albom that being happy and being successful have to go hand in hand.  <br />Fast forward 10 years.  Morrie is dying from a muscular disease.  Albom happens to see him on a television news show.  Albom begins  seeing Morrie once a week for &quot;classes&quot; on The Meaning of Life. From these classes he learns not only about the wonderful mentor teaching him, but also about himself.  The &quot;graduation&quot;  is Morrie's funeral.<br />This story expresses the feelings of a man living with, not dying from, disease.  The lessons Albom carries away from his once-weekly conferences are inspirational to us all.
B000001ES4|5.0|You can feel the music ebbing and flowing in your bones!  A little haunting, with the wonderful violin.
1573225517|5.0|Although I am still in high school I found this book to be very funny and relatable.  I read it in school one day and I had to put it away because I was laughing out loud and people were looking strangely at me.  I never brought it back to school again.
B0000028RR|5.0|If you like rap but also heavy metal, this is the album for you! Strong percussion, awesome guitar riffs and explosive singing on tunes like &quot;Bombtrack&quot; &quot;Know Your Enemy&quot; and &quot;Freedom&quot; make this deservedly-so popular CD truly groundbreaking! One of my favorite bands, no question.
B0000028M7|5.0|This is the best that they will ever put out and that is saying alot. Rooster,Rain When I Die and Would, it dosen't get any grungier or would that be dirtier.
B00000099Y|5.0|Excellent album from an excellent band! It just plain rocks1 It has it all, from slow songs to fast songs and downright weird songs. It's my favorite Tool album, and also good for parties or just driving down the road. I recommend that you buy this album as soon as possible!
B00000272N|4.0|Great depressing stuff here. Ponderous guitar riffs and hooks that define the early 90s. &quot;Man in a Box&quot; was an instant classic and there are other songs to recommmend this cd. &quot;Bleed the Freak&quot; is really the best tune here, but the entire cd rocks. Buy it and get yourself into a program. The junkie thing is out of fashion.
B000003TA4|2.0|Nevermind is full of noise, screaming and talentless guitar playing. It isn't worth your time or money. Kurt Cobain's depressing lyrics and rackety guitar playing gives you a headache after the very first song. If you like rackety, depressing music, this album is for you; but if not, I suggest you stay away. Kurt's lead guitar for songs like &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; &quot;Lithium&quot; and &quot;Come As You Are&quot; are often the first songs people learn on the guitar. That is how easy and talentless they are. I didn't enjoy this album, but others may.
B000003TBP|5.0|This is some weird **** but it works. This is unique and fun stuff. Devil's Haircut is genius.
B000001FY5|5.0|This is one of the best of Bob Marley's eforts, and one of the most expressive of his deeply-held faith. Songs like &quot;Waiting in Vain&quot; and &quot;Jamming&quot; are beautiful and rightly legendary! One of his best here, you can't miss it!
B00000263T|4.0|A fantastic offering from Accept, Udo screams his way to the top of the charts. Metal fans everywhere have been head banging to this album since its release. I recommend it to anyone interested in music that will offend your parents.
B00000272N|5.0|This is one of my most favorite CDs. I like the heavy metal and the GREAT singing! My favorite clip is the song where he sings &quot;Scary's on the wall/Scary's on his way&quot;! Awesome guitar solos, great beat, great lyrics and guitars-  what more could you want?!
B0000025YL|5.0|Want to annoy your neighbors, alienate your parents, and be arrested for noise pollution? Play this album at max volume and watch the metal punks collect. No hard core rocker can resist the screeching guitar and cactus vocals of Accept. This is metal at its best, and no rocker should be without this album
B000002C4J|4.0|I think this is a great album, from &quot;My Heart Will Go On,&quot; to &quot;When I Need You,&quot; and &quot;Immortality,&quot; but it is still pale by comparison to her last album, &quot;Falling Into You.&quot;  If you like this album at all, you will love &quot;Falling...&quot;
B0000027FQ|5.0|A live Album from Accept, filled with the outstanding guitar and Screeching vocals you have come to expect from Accept. Playing only their hits, Accept delivers what you want. Live from Osaka, Accept proves their mastery of  Heavy Metal
B000000OUE|5.0|White Zombie impresses me with this cd because they are so consistently explosive; each song builds with intensity towards a resonating, towering climax.  The whole album is surprising, especially &quot;More Human than Human&quot;, and &quot;Blood, Milk and Sky&quot;, and &quot;Real Solution #9&quot;.  There are lots of imaginitive, apocolyptic lyrics, sung in Rob Zombie's twisted,  mutated baritone.  And the guitars are very tight, creepy and loud.  I liked this one right away.
B000001ZS4|4.0|A light and airy offering from Jarre, this album starts with a rainstorm and winds its way through various summer sounding themes, ending with something that can only be described as' electric rubber band'
B000002JOH|5.0|This is the most solid, explosive heavy metal album out there.  Such speed with such utter precision is hard to find.  This classic continues to amaze me every time I hear it.  It pounds around the room with obscene energy, it is filthy rich with guts and talent.  Turn this one up loud.  You will be listening to a phenomenon.
B000001FN3|5.0|The Alan Parson's Project is my favorite band, and  this just happens to be their best album ever.  I prefer the artist's remix, which adds a little more style to the music, and adds more character by the use of some of Poe's narrative, read by Orson Welles.
0060392584|5.0|This book is definitely worth reading if you're at all interested in Warner's perspective.  Still, it's likely that the opposition will pick their ways though it to find the most damaging quotes.  Pity. <br />This is one of the better autobiographies that I've seen [not that I'm an expert on autobiographies in general] but it could've been a bit less random.  Anyone searching through for specific information will eventually have to sit down and just read it; but then I guess that's the idea behind the work.  A few might go beyond just reading it and actually manage to understand it.  <br />This is a generally disturbing book that will get the reader to really think about what we all consider life and normality.  It inspires a lot of anger, and often regret.  And, for the occasional fan, it dispels a lot of the more popular rumours about the singer and his band.  <br />There's really no downside to this book [I grade hard, rarely giving out nines and almost never attaching tens] except maybe for the slightly sporadic chronology in the documentation.  Come to think about it, this was also one of the most honest and most starkly amusing books I've seen.  It's absolutely recommended.
B000002B9I|4.0|I like the CD but some of the songs sound the same.  I do think her first album, Mi tierra, was better but this is a good follow up album.  And strangly, in my opinion, almost every song has something to do with Christmas or the New Year--but it's not a &quot;Christmas&quot; album.
1556154844|5.0|Buy this book only if you are SERIOUS about programming. Because if you're not, you'll never get through it.<br />McConnell's book is an exhaustive guide to the nitty-gritty details of programming. There are entire CHAPTERS devoted to choosing names for variables, and dozens of pages covering every style of indenting since 1950. I am devouring programming books for my future career, and I am glad that I got this book. It covers all aspects of the design and coding process, with a heavy emphasis on readability and maintainability. It helped me to correct some bad coding practices that I developed. <br />I was most impressed by the references. McConnell has drawn together hundreds of papers, articles, and books written since the 60s and digested them all for you in this compact volume. He frequently quotes statistics and studies to support his claims. (Indenting lines 3-5 spaces boosts comprehension by 68%, but indenting by 6 or more spaces decreases it by 32%)<br />I got a real chuckle on his advice about how to deal with bosses who want to see code during the planning stages -- get printouts from previous projects and leave them around your desk, then lie!
B000002NHN|5.0|I was a bit apprehensive before buying this thinking that the music would wear on my nerves--boy was I surprised.  The songs are varied and soothing.  I like to sit back, drink coffee and read a book with her music on in the background.
B000001AJG|5.0|Steveie Wonder is one of the greatest artists alive.<br />This album expresses so many thoghts and feelings of the man who wrote these songs. &quot; Send One Your Love&quot; is a beautiful song with a  soft melody. &quot;Black Orchid&quot; is a song that asks for you to read into it and really listen.  <br />This is definitely an album where Stevie was expressing himself  , with his thoughts and beliefs and giving it to people in a very enjoyable and pleasing manner.  The album has messages but it does not beat you with them.<br />The music and lyrics are great. First, listen to just enjoy then do it again and listen.
B000002KNI|5.0|This is the type of CD that everyone should have in their collection.  All the hits are here.  For being a live concert, the audience does not interfere in any way; they really make it better.
067158037X|5.0|This is a continuation to my previous review.  After I wrote my review, I went back and looked at others.  I realized I didn't put near enough.  I want to add that while reading Angela's Ashes it kept my interest from page 1.  It is very hard to do that.  I don't usually read many books lately, only the Bible and Sunday School lessons.  Someone let a friend borrow this and I took one look at the cover and said I want to borrow it.  I could not put the book down.  The way Frank wrote the book and the details in it made it feel like you were there feeling everything he and his family went through.  It was just superb!  I am telling many people about it and recommending it to many.
B000001ESF|5.0|this is by far the BEST Rush album EVER put out!
067158037X|5.0|This is the best memoir I have read.  Very good. I read the whole book in 8 hrs.  I couldn't put it down.
B000003S5H|5.0|Every one that I have played this for (ages 17 to 54) has liked it enough to comment about it and ask me where I got it.  Moon Safari stands up remarkably to repeated listening and close scrutiny.  The arrangements are wonderfully balanced, yet unpredictable.  The creativity of this group is quite striking and their use of layering ... and of subtly changing the arrangments during the track, until the entire soundscape has changed is a joy to behold.  There is not a single song on this CD that is less than very good.  Great keyboards, bass, percussion and a delicious female vocal make this one of the most enjoyable listenings I have heard in years.  5 stars ... highly recommended. (Buy it *****)
0440111498|5.0|Cat's Cradle is by far the best Vonnegut novel that I have yet read. Blending his patented wry humor with acute social insight presented in an absurd fantasy world, Vonnegut has written an exceptional novel of love, lies, and the self destruction of mankind.   The story centers around the narrator, Jonah, who is called by name once in the entire book. We are told in the beginning that he is writing a book on the events of the day the first atomic bomb was dropped on Japan. His research leads him to a correspondence with Newt Hoenikker, the midget son of Doctor Felix Hoenikker, father of the atomic bomb. After meeting with Newt, destiny leads our protagonist to the impoverished island  republic of San Lorenzo, where among other adventures, he finds religion, falls in love, and becomes president.   All of this by itself would make for a very entertaining book, but it is not in the story line that Vonnegut's genius lies. Cat's Cradle is rife with painfully accurate insights into the institutions that our society holds so dear, such as, religion, politics, and science. Vonnegut invents for the inhabitants of San Lorenzo a brand new religion based completely and admittedly on &quot;foma&quot;, or lies. This wouldn't be so shocking, except for the fact that this &quot;bokonism&quot; seems to make perfect sense. Other Vonnegut ironies pervade the book and are too elaborate to go into.   Kurt Vonnegut is my favorite author of all time. Cat's Cradle is one of his funniest, most absurd, and frightening novels. This book truly causes one to stop and think about the things that one holds as unquestionably true. All of the incredible people, places, things, and ideas in Cat's Cradle are intricately woven into a perfect tapestry that sums up and spells out many of mankind's self-created problems in 191 pages.
B000002NJS|5.0|I recently received this cd as a birthday gift, and i love it. The music is just great. My favorite song if Frozen. All the songs are so good i had a hard time chooseing a song that i like as much as that one. Who ever buys this CD is in for a real treat. She moves me with her voice. Some are also soothing to listen to.
B000002U82|5.0|I really don't know how to praise this enough.  It's sheer brilliance:  lyrically, themattically, from a pure composition standpoint, brilliantly engineered.  Buy it.  You'll love it.
B000002UB3|5.0|While &quot;Let It Be,&quot; arguably one of their worst albums, was released later, &quot;Abbey Road&quot; was the last Beatles' album. While over their brief recording career many individual cuts stand out, the over-all concept and execution of this album is really unsurpassed. From outstanding individual songs like &quot;Come Together,&quot; &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;Oh, Darling,&quot; to the suite-like collage of side two, this album rocks, cries and then majestically leaves us both satisfied and wanting more. No other band that finished their career with the same personnel they began with, left a greater legacy or a more dignified exit. &quot;Abbey Road&quot; is required listening for anyone wanting a culminating work that both broke new ground and nostalgically glanced back on an entire decade - in 45 minutes.
0140177396|5.0|John Stienbeck's OF MICE AND MEN is a powerful book about the things we do for people for love. It is a simple book, done in Stienbeck's laid back, visual style. However, underneath the simple story is a powerful fable of guilt, hope, and love. The story is about two men, George and Lennie, drifting laborers of the American West, searching for work in the the hard times of the Great Depression. George is a small, intelligent, tough, suspicious man, Lennie is a tall, strong, man, a good worker, but with the mind of a child. Together, they form a team, George with his brain and Lennie with his strength. The story follows George and Lennie as they get work at a farm in Northern California, meet the other workers, some of which they become friends with. Gradually, as the book moves along, we begin to sense how the relationship of George and Lennie works. We see the protectiveness of George for Lennie, the pride he feels for Lennie's accomplishments. George needs Lennie just as much as Lennie needs George. So, when Lennie gets into trouble, through no fault of his own, jeopardizing George's future at the farm, we recognize the pain and frustration George feels, as well as the tight position it puts him into. The shattering ending, not only teaches us a lot about the things we do for the people we love, it also shows how Stienbeck has brought us close to these characters, making us care about what happens to them. In it's plot, OF MICE AND MEN is a simple, childish almost. But it evokes feeling and conversation that are far from simple and are felt by anyone who has ever loved. I highly recommend OF MICE AND MEN, a simple book with a powerful message.
0441172717|5.0|I got this book after watching the movie, and I tell you, it IS perfect. Probably the best book I've ever read. The only one that comes even close is Tolkien's Lord of the Rings.
B00000099Y|5.0|Yes it is! Incredible music that sucks you into a maze of dark and darker chasms. Someone will put this on occasionally at work and make my day.
031286504X|3.0|Good writing style, but lousy ending, particularly when the book ends halfway and you are left with short tales that I, at first, thought were a continuation of the novel.  While there are always vampires outside the hero's house, you only get one good vampire/hero encounter...The woman leader of the new society is bizarre to say the least and the only person the reader gets to meet from the new society.  The story has much potential (I find myself building on the story), but the author lacked the ability to spin out a good ending.
B000003CKH|4.0|Better than average 1 album wonders. Lots of fun to be had here. Nothing exceptional
B0000029LG|5.0|Put his one on at your next disco party, and watch the guests start cutting a rug!
B000002N2Z|4.0|Hey, thats not a bad thing. Good heavy guitar. What else do you need?
B000002AZ8|4.0|A pretty good CD, but why did they have to make the CD case such an odd shape that it doen't fit in with the rest of my music collection?
B000002JOF|5.0|This guy sound a little like Mark Knopfler, only better, and I like Mark Knopfler.  His voice is deeper and really sexy and the music is good.
0517053616|5.0|Many people can not understand the creative lanuage of shakspeare, but once unlocked you can enjoy his many plays, comedies, and tragedies.  I may self love everything his has written.
B000002GJH|5.0|All of the preeminant &quot;grunge&quot; bands contribute to this tribute album for Andrew Wood. Chris Cornell provides most of the vocals along with a wonderful duet on &quot;Hunger Strike&quot; with Vedder.
1572522232|4.0|Dario Argento's magnificent horror film about strange goings-on at a world-famous ballet school.  Argento adds tons of style and atmosphere to this marvelously logic-defying tale of terror.  Definitely not for the faint-hearted or weak of stomach!
B000001Y5J|5.0|This ep does not have the following that it deserves. It is insanely angry and that is what makes it great. &quot;Wish&quot; is an incredible slashing piece of rage as is &quot;Last&quot;. This is what NIN is, or was, all about. Everyone who jumped on board with the weak Downward Spiral album should listen to this and then decide if they are fans.
067158037X|5.0|Of comments here, noone has mentioned the hospital scenes.  In the fifties, I was hospitalized at age seven for expended periods and these scenes mean the most to me.  The isolation and the power of goodness and literature....in fact, for both Frankie and me, these hospital experiences shaped us in positive ways.  Irony:  a serious, painful disease that brings enlightenment, self-discovery, intuition, and will to survive.
B000005AYM|4.0|Nice work. I am not a big R&amp;B fan but find myself listening to this album over and over.
B000001Y2U|3.0|More hummable toe-tappers from the Clown Prince of Pop.  There's no holding back the smiles when this wacky guy struts his stuff.  Never fear, Dr. Manson's here!
B000000993|5.0|Somehow these guys have never got the respect from critics that they deserve. This album which introduced them to the public at large, rocks. Unique approach to dark subjects. Enjoy!
B000000WFF|5.0|I THINK THAT THEY SHOULD BE THE BEST GROUP IN THE US.  THEIR NUMBER ONE!!!  THE FIRST CD ,SPICE, I GOT IT THE DAY IT CAME OUT.  MY FAVORITE SONG IS 2 BECOME 1!!!!! MY FAVORITE SPICE IS BABY.
0380799006|5.0|I loved this book!  Siblings Without Rivalry is full of unconventional advice like &quot;children don't need to be treated equally, they need to be treated uniquely.&quot;  My friends constantly comment on how well my 3 kids get along.  I give this book a lot of the direct credit.  It gave me a whole new perspective on dealing with multiple children.
B000003S5H|5.0|This CD is brilliant, a perfect combination of ambiance and cheese.  Who would of thought that elevator music could be this cool?
B000002LKF|5.0|There are tribal drums on this that sound totally natural with Paul's lyrics.  He has taken a lot of flack over the issue of commercializing the sounds of African tribes but hell, they are all people getting together for the sake of music, for uplifting our hearts, so why bother getting political?  It is plain great music and I love listening to it, so I don't need politics right now.
B000002G60|4.0|Suzanne Vega has recorded terrific albums in &quot;Days of Open Hand&quot;, &quot;99 F&quot;, and her self-titled debut.  But &quot;Objects&quot; is an album in which every song carries a different mood.  &quot;Headshots&quot;, the second song, is a quiet, somber piece, then two tracks later she goes into a Beatlesque &quot;Stockings&quot;. Later your hear the pencil-tapping &quot;No Cheap Thrill&quot; and then you immediately dive into &quot;World Before Columbus&quot;, a lullaby-like tune, which was inspired by her daughter.  Vega worked with husband-producer Mitchell Froom to create a album that takes the listener through a pleasant road of good sound.
0812548094|5.0|This book is da bom! When I read this sequel, I felt like my everyday life was plain boring and the life of Richard Rahl and Kahlan Amnell is LIFE!!! The most amazing part about the book was when Kahlan was ordering the army around. It is hard to imagine that women are treated the same way in the book as they were in the 50' and stuff. This book should get a prize or something better.
0553213105|5.0|This has been my favorite book for many years.  I have read it more times then I can remember and I am always delighted by lively reparte of the characters.  Austen is one of the greatest writers that I have read to this day.  A cherished favorite.
B0000027F8|4.0|This and Older are underrated CDs, I think.  From Cowboys &amp; Angels which is the best song on the CD to Here I am, the last and most personal, this one is worth the listen.
B000000WCV|4.0|Daft Punk grinds you, grooves you, and rocks you with an electronic-heavy album.  Best cuts are &quot;Around the World&quot; and &quot;Da Funk&quot;.  If this don't get you moving, I don't know what will.
0061002747|5.0|This book is one of Agatha Christie best novel.i like it,because hercule poirot is so clever to solve the mysteries.you should read this book
0670880728|5.0|What a hillarious look at the &quot;Thirty-something&quot; female world - how many other people can admit that their world parallels Bridget Jones' world?!!  It was refreshing to read somthing that wasn't so serious for a change.  More like Bridget Jones please!!  I bought this book when I was last in the U.K. in June of '97 and have read it twice!
B0000035E7|5.0|These songs start to sound brilliant after a few listens.  Maybe it's just because of the place Nirvana occupies in the collective consciousness, but this first album of theirs illustrates, for me, the dark and important waves that fueled their entire career.  Many fans insist that this is Nirvana's best album ever.  It is definitely good, powerful, passionate.
B000002UJQ|5.0|When music critics submit their lists of the best albums of this decade a couple of years from now, this one will most definitely be on the majority of those lists.  With songs like &quot;Airbag&quot;, &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, and &quot;Karma Police&quot;, this release is one of rock's greats.  Want to know what all the high praise is for, or why everyone is talking about this album?  Add it to your collection and find out for yourself. as everyone else has.
B000002LCK|5.0|New Order Fans: Without this, you are nothing.  This is not a rocking-out album. Instead, it's the kind of collection that might propel colossal, heavenly bodies throughout the universe at a snail's pace. <br />These songs seem both ancient and not-yet-born, a great way to feel while you dance!
B000002KHY|5.0|James Taylor can take you away entirely with his voice.  And these songs are saturated with insightful little gems.  I won't elaborate, I will simply trust you to listen for these gems and let them calm you like they have so many others.  &quot;Something in the Way She Moves&quot; is so beautiful you'll want to give the man a hug.  Do yourself a favor.
B000005AYM|5.0|&quot;Baduism&quot; is a soulful, spriritual experience that has given music listeners a taste for R&amp;B again.  Erykah Badu's incredible debut is a rarity among new artists, she sings as if she were legendary status, always so smooth.  Reminiscent of Billie Holliday, Erykah's music brings a jazz/soul blend to the ear.  Very comforting, very real, and very unique.  What a start to her career.
B000002H72|5.0|Take one part lunacy, one part hideous curiosity, two parts entropic lyricism & lots of maniacal music making and Doolittle emerges. <br />Black Francis' vocal meanderings, between succulent progressive pop ditties (Here Comes Your Man, Monkey Gone to Heaven, La La Love You) and scratchy-throated journeys into the realm of violence and mortality (Debaser, Tame, I Bleed, and Dead), are matched perfectly by this posse's taste for heavy, fast, and rumbling guitars, bass, and drum. <br />Lyrically, Doolittle is all over the map. Throughout this album the Pixies drop indie film references (Un Chien Andalusia in Debaser), Spanish nonsense (Crackity Jones; He got friends like Paco, Pico, Piedra, La Muneca), and tributes to self-mutilation (Gouge Away, I Bleed.) <br />Doolittle would do well as a soundtrack for a movie about teenage angst and neuroses. All that building guitar, bass, and drum makes listeners feel frustrated and anxious. Luckily, there are plenty of opportunities to scream along!
B0000027I6|5.0|It starts out SHHHHHH, SHHHHH, but grows into a symphonic arrangement of sinister voices and airy electric sound waves.  This album must be experienced by every self-respecting Floyd fan, because the evolution of their music finds a surprising level in this aural experiment.  It sounds sad and paranoid on one level, and commandingly, spiritually rocking on another.  This cd is definitely worth your time.  Figure this out.
0385484518|5.0|I'm not an easy cryer, but this book really does touch your heart and make you realize or remember what the important things are - and who the important people are - in your life.  I'm not a Mitch Albom fan by any means, but I was pleasantly surprised to see he could write such a heartfelt book.  I've recommended it to all my friends.
B0000009UX|4.0|Imperial Bedroom counts among the most polished of Costello's collections.  Shaking and stirring, the songs on this album pull in listeners via sordid tales of spoiled love, lust, and human fallibility.  While Mr. Costello's poetry is first-rate, the Attractions do their part by setting up a rocking and jazzy stage for Elvis' fine lyrics.  <br />For all Costello fans who are not familiar with this album nor jazz, Imperial Bedroom provides an alluring introduction.  Old favorites such as Almost Blue transports its listeners to a former era colored by smoky clubs, polished shoes, and possibilities.
B000002BQK|3.0|With the exception of &quot;My All&quot; and &quot;Fourth of July&quot;, mariah has turned to a different style of Music, perhaps showing us that she can do things other than pop/pop ballads.  Those expecting another Emotions or Daydream album will be disappointed, this chick has got some soul and gone back to some of her R/B Roots- which will appeal to the masses in this, the late 90's.
B000002L5P|5.0|Every literate outsider needs to listen to this album. Chock full of poetry, poly-syllabic words, and intermittent moans and groans, the Smiths make you feel smarter, less pathetically alone, and more sexually excited than most other bands of their time.  <br />Although their songs held greater appeal for me in junior high, their music still draws me in.  Johnny Marr's ability to make musical poetry worthy of Morrissey's twisted, elevated, and self-obsessed lyrics is irresistible.  <br />This album, in particular, fills the Smiths enthusiast with brooding tales and bass lines, marvelous progressive pop courtings, and a first taste of Morrissey's Hate the World salvos.
B000005ALN|5.0|I think that this was one of the most underrated CD out there.  I bought it and didn't listen to it for quite some time, and then listened to it through for awhile and really liked it.  From Older, the title track, to the jazzy last few peices, this is a great CD for entertaining or just relaxing
0465068359|5.0|The subtitle of this book is &quot;The Forgotten Holocaust of World War II&quot;. While I consider myself an avid student of modern day history, I was completely unaware of the Nanking Holocaust until reading Ms. Chang's book. It is important that we all have some sense of modern history. An essential element of that understanding is to understand HOW CRUEL one race of humans can be to another. We all know of the Nazis and their &quot;final solution&quot;. However, Ms. Chang's brings to light the EVIL inflicted on the Chinese at Nanking by the Japanese Imperial Army. Though there are some minor stylistic flaws with the book, it is a readable account of a SHAMEFUL and IMMORAL part of human history. I would recommend this to anyone trying to understand the history of this century. Well done Ms. Chang!
B000002UV1|4.0|Kinda their apex, their &quot;Citizen Kane,&quot; their &quot;Cosby Show;&quot; everyone grabbed this CD for the dull unnecessary remix of &quot;Higher Ground,&quot; but seemed to forget to rave over the incredible funky beauty of &quot;Subway to Venus&quot; and &quot;Magic Johnson.&quot; Their downhill decline was inevitible (I think they're in their &quot;Bridges to Babylon&quot; phase now), but snap this one up as a reminder of four young men who had a butt-thumpin dream..................
B000001ED1|5.0|I love Osborne's blue style of rock.  On this album she shows her immense vocal versatility from down and dirty rock songs like Let's Just Get Naked to subtle bluesy ballards like Crazy Baby and Spider Web.  Joan evens ventures into pop with the wildly popular One of Us.  St.Teresa is a great song, different but catchy and has clever lyrics. Man in the Long Black coat is a pleasant surprise. About the only genre she misses is Rap, oh well maybe next time!?;o)
B0000009OU|5.0|This year's girl for any year. Has there ever been a better pop album released? Costello outdoes any other angry young man, but with the virtue of spare energetic music and crushingly bitter-beautiful lyrics. &quot;Pump It Up&quot; is stellar; &quot;Radio Radio&quot; an anthem that should have never left the airwaves.
B000002HHB|5.0|Natalie has managed to put together an album that is both musically masterful and lyrically moving.  The lyrics to RIver are haunting and beautiful as are the lyrics to Beloved Wife.  Ms. Merchant shows her versitility with such catchy jingles as Jealousy and Wonder. Natalie has a unique and wonderfully powerful singing voice that is full of dept and beauty, if Ophelia is even 1/10 as good as this album Merchant will have another masterpiece to add to her long list of acomplishments.
0679442790|5.0|I read the first 50 pages to myself.  Then, I started over, rereading Michael Berg's words to my husband. The process of reading out loud pulled the words off the pages.  We became actors experiencing anothers' lives.  The story is not  resolved, but neither is life. This is a powerful book and it's mood will resonant within me for quite a while.
0515123447|5.0|50 pages into this book, I called my sister.  Why? Because as avid readers, we've made a sacred vow to one another.  We have promised to alert one another in the event of an exceptional book. And &quot;Killing Floor&quot;  is just that.  I did not recommend the book to her.  I COMMANDED her to read it.  It is supremely entertaining.  Thanks to the ride it gave me, I am off to the local bookstore tonight (sorry, Amazon.com, but instant gratification is the one thing you unfortunately cannot provide) to try (probably in vain) to find another book that captivates me as much as &quot;Killing Floor.&quot; I also deeply appreciate the fact that, despite its rough edge, this book did not contain one single &quot;f&quot; word.  See, Hollywood? IT CAN BE DONE!!!      <br />One, and only one complaint, Mr. Child -- what the heck was with all the shrugging?!  It was your book's only distracting element ; unfortunately, I found myself in the midst of adrenaline-laden scenes trying to think of other gestures you could've used.  But hey! Your use of the word &quot;the&quot; was pretty heavy, too.  :-)      <br />A phenomenal debut.  The only reason I did not give the book a ten is that I reserve that rating for books that have moved my soul.  A &quot;9&quot; is the highest rating I give a book that I've read for entertainment purposes only.       <br />A recommendation for those who have enjoyed this book:  order a copy of &quot;The Day After Tomorrow&quot; by Alan Folsom.  It's the only book I can think of that gave me a ride like the one &quot;Killing Floor&quot; did. <br />Thank you, Amazon, for providing this great service!  You've enhanced the reading experience ten-fold.
B000005ITX|5.0|When I first heard this record, a friend in high school (circa 1980) would lure me to his car with *conventional* rock-and-roll, and then, once the car was moving, make me listen to this 8-track.  I thought it was the silliest thing I'd heard -- the orchestration made me think of those horrible Glen Campbell records like Wichita Lineman. And the lyrics - what was a Styx fan to think?  O.K., my first impressions were way out of line.  I was young and foolish; I was wrong.<br />This record is a twisted, priceless gem.  It's odd and quirky, original to a fault (i.e. radio didn't touch it) and every rock fan who dismisses it without at least a few dozen plays will be poorer for it.
0571179924|5.0|Everybody who likes true life/crime/mafia/Las Vegas stories will enjoy this book. Casino shows the develoment of the mafia and their business interaction between legal and illegal operations. I could not put it down once I started. It is fascinating to see what stories life can write and what bad can happen to bad people.
0670880728|5.0|How do you understand a woman? You just get a man, take away his reason and his accountability--you'll have a perfect a woman! I got this quotation from Mr Urdell of 'As Good As It Gets' and I just learn the same fact from this hillariously funny book. I have a good laugh reading the book and I thought to myself what a funny book this is and how funny a woman can be. Bridget Jones is the woman of the 90's and we cannot run from the fact that most modern woman today are ridiculous and strange lots with their low self-esteem, broken pride and world of prejudices. This is a great thriller (discovery to a woman's soul) where you find endless nightmares and excitements in understanding a woman's feelings, thoughts and actions. If you come from planet Male, this is a must-read guide!
0385484518|5.0|I knew I'd enjoy the book . . . I just didn't realize what an impact it would have.  It may become a book which you'll refer back to when feeling down, questioning why or just to reflect. A thoroughly well-written (as usual, Mitch Albom) book which flows easily from topic to topic.  A magnificent tribute to Morrie Schwartz.  I wish I could have met him and spent time with him. His philosophies are timeless.
0446604844|3.0|This is David Baldacci's best book for suspense.  Absolute Power had its dull moments, but Total Control was non-stop.  However, the action leaves something to be desired and seems like it belonged to an action movie.
B000002UJQ|5.0|a collection of music that you will not tire of. with each listening there is another gem of sound or lyric you can linger on.
0385472951|5.0|I thought it was good but not his best. I liked the charectors, and plot but it was not always exciting.
B000002KH3|5.0|Their first album is the one to get if you only buy one Van Halen disc.  This album set them on the way to being the 80's quintessential party band, and songs from it are found in countless movies of the early 80's.  It has only gotten better with age, unlike the members of the band themselves...
0060975768|5.0|I arrived in Viet Nam in March of 1966 and was assigned as a pilot to 1st Cav's 229th Assault Helicopter Battalion (Stacked Deck).  I carried the 7th Cav into various battles and never questioned Col Moore's analysis of the situation.  We always knew that if Col Moore would go there, we would go.  We all did our job as best we could and often under fire.  He darn sure fully and accurately assessed McNamara.  If you ever have the honor of saluting Hal Moore, do it with pride.  He's as good as they get.  Don Estes (KIA), who is mentioned in the book, was a personal friend of mine.  I saw him die . . . but that's another story.
B000002ULS|5.0|One of the best albums of the 90s, IYFS is likely to be overlooked, which is a shame. What you have here is fantastically incisive lyrics over lovely piano-enhanced melodies. It all fits together quite nicely. I've listen to this album almost every day for over six months and it's still wonderful.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought Pablo Honey because of Creep. I was not dissappointed. I got The Bends for Fake Plastic trees. I was beginning to get hooked on these guys. I was first in the queue on the day OK Computer was released because I'm just addicted now. Every album, every track is so amazingly different and it's just self-flaggelation waiting for the next one and these guys will keep me waiting. I hear the next is a joint effort with the dance band Massive Attack so roll on August!
0812034430|5.0|I just loved the attitude in this book. The way these people looked on love. They did't let it suffocate them, it came as something natural. Like breathing. Life might have been hard, but they didn't let it bother them. And yet there was nothing brave or heroic in them. That came naturally as well.
0312954468|4.0|This book was very engrossing and vividly took this reader on a ride to the past ! Solid characters and intriging descriptions of that historic lifestyle made for excellent reading ! I will definitely read this one again !(After the book makes its rounds through all my literary circle of friends)
0345350499|5.0|This book is possibly the best book I've ever read. Arthurian times are exactly what I like, but mixed with feminist Morgaine and Kevin the Harper, it's even better! I don't think I can tell you how great it is to read a book that at times you have to tell yourself to go to sleep, you have school tomorrow! I especially love th fact that it's 900 pages- that'll keep me occupied. I just had to write this review to tell everybody what a great book this is!
B000003N89|5.0|It's like she's whispering in your ear. Soulful honey!
0446604844|5.0|I liked ABSOLUTE POWER and that is the reason I read TOTAL CONTROL.  I was not dissapointed and I hope that THE WINNER is just as good!
0345315227|2.0|Having seen the films and read 2061, and with the subtitle 'The Final Odyssey', I had big expectations for a great epic conclusion to this series. Instead 3001 takes the series out with a whimper instead of a bang. The book is purely descriptive until 2/3 of the way in, before any semblance of plot or story are revealed. And when the story does begin, its more like an afterthought: brief and unoriginal. It reads more like a story outline than a novel. Clarke himself did the homicidal computer bit much better in the original 2001. HAL was a character, and his motivations were better conceived than here. Clarke should also have clarified the differences in this book from the previous ones in a forward, because i was confused at points on inconsistencies. The final showdown with the monolith was the biggest disappointment. I expected an explanation of the monoliths and what had taken place previously that would have deeper philosophical implications and would try to make some kind of meaningful statement about the universe, humanity, alien life, or something. Instead its just another averted doomsday story. If there is a 4001, I think it should completely disregard this book, and answer all those questions raised in the series in a way that is satisfying and worthy of the original works.
B000002HH2|5.0|Who would not like Bjork? Her celestial voice sends shivers up your spine. Her tonal quality and dynamics are extremely unique. And her lyrics, oh her lyrics. They paint images like a master surrealist. Lyrics like, &quot;I walk towards the edge and throw little things off like car-parts, bottles and cutlery, or whatever I find lying around..&quot; make music all worth it. Absurd, beautiful and intense. What more could annyone want. Bjork, please marry me.
0151001820|4.0|An excellent mystery written by a new and interesting author. Excellent charachter development in Lucas Corso. Very interesting suject matter. Old books, sinister henchmen and the devil, all are prominently displayed. The twists and turns are interesting and keep the reader wanting more.
0449227421|4.0|This Ken Follet novel is a book of mind-numbing deception and love. A research scientist, Dr. jean Ferrami, lands a new job at Jones Falls University researching the genetic aspects of criminal behavior. She has created a computer program which uses a restricted FBI database to find her subjects,who are twins that were raised apart, one with a criminal record and the other, a straight-laced citizen. There are two things she doesn't expect; 1) she uncovers a government conspiracy involving a top biotech company, right-wing politicians, and her own university, and 2) she falls in love with an identical twin whose brother is a convicted rapist. In fact, he was the one who raped her best friend. I recomend this book to the people who like romance novels but hate all of the lovey-dovey nature of them. This book has a lot of adventure and mystery and it will keep you on the edge of your seat wanting to find out what happens next.
0684874350|4.0|The sole merit of this memoir is Frank McCourt's perserverance through poverty, famine, and filth.  Humanitarianism and altruism are replaced by sanctimony. Any alleged humor existing in this story is lost on me.  Desperation leading to absurd circumstances hardly qualify as humor. It really is amazing how much suffering humans can endure.  McCourt really is a Robin Hood of hearts. The story teaches an important lesson-- gratitude --- and succeeds inspite of itself.  The prose and narration of the story is dismal at best.  McCourt's style is one of a middle-aged man attempting (and failing) to write in the style of a young boy growing up in destitute Ireland. Often, he fails in this endeavor. There is a peculiar mix of old and young story-telling which truthfully doesn't work. Incessant, excessive italicized poems and recitations do little to enhance the reader's appreciation of the rich Irish culture or even, to elevate the story. After the first dozen, I ignored these automatically.  Endless pages describing excrement and other bodily secretions are repulsive and unnecessary.  The point is clear, yet it is made over and over again.  Though I felt a sense of relief at the end of the story because of McCourt's opportunity in America, I was also very disappointed. Perhaps the editor should have eliminated the entire middle section (tedious) and included a last BRIEF paragraph on McCourt's life in America--where he attended university, marriage,  relationship with his family, how he decided to write the memoir.... Even considering all these negative elements of the story, I still believe that McCourt deserved the Pulitzer for his intensive compilation of all these memories, if not for his style of writing. He is a great man, and very rich as he deserves to be.
038097617X|5.0|I HAVE READ ALL THREE BOOKS AND AM PATIENTLY AWAITING A FOURTH.
0131103628|2.0|If you already know C, read this book.  The examples are so challenging, it will be a test of your skill to comprehend them.  If you want to learned the language, try another text.  At least read a &quot;Dummies&quot; first.
0446605409|2.0|This is one of my favorite authors.  The book started out with his usual excellent storytelling.  But, about halfway through, it is like a totally different author began.  Very disappointing last half of the book.
B0000026WD|5.0|This... not Thriller is Michael's best album.  Unfortunately few people will ever realize this.   To really appreciate this album it must be experienced on a real sound system.  Not just some  cheap stereo bought at a discount or department store.  The more I listened to it the more I heard all of the different instruments and rhythms syncopated so brilliantly together.<br />As with most solo Michael efforts, the songs seemlessly build in intensity and add instruments and rhythms without the listener really being aware of their entry.<br />He also brings a lot of feeling to these songs.  A great example is on &quot;Can't let her get away&quot; where he says 'I told you that I need you, a thousand times and why, I played the fool for you and still you said goodbye'  To me that says a whole lot with just a few words.<br />Most of Michael's fans get so wrapped up in his performing and the spirit of the music they don't take the time to really listen and hear how talented he is musically.  <br />If you've got the album, listen again.  If you don't I highly recommend a purchase.  Don't dance, don't sing... just listen and hear.<br />I think if you asked Michael himself, he would say that this was his best album.
0670880728|5.0|I was skeptical of this book, but it turned out to be delightful.  Given to me by a British friend, I was afraid I wouldn't understand all of it, but the different sense of humor (the British seem to laugh at themselves better than we do) made it extremely funny.  I recommend it for most women, whatever your age (well, maybe my 80-year-old mom wouldn't like the language and some of the other stuff) because it has commonalities that we would sometimes like to forget.  Go for it...it's a laugh.  Probably shouldn't read it in bed with your husband/lover.  Hmmm...
0679457313|5.0|I was overwhelmed by the power and beauty of this book.  Simply overwhelmed.  I found the images created by Roy's use of words haunting. This is a story of the disaster than befalls all of us when people are divided into the us and not-us, &quot;touchable&quot; and &quot;untouchable&quot;, the lovable and unloveable.
0425132153|5.0|Good Omens takes elements of horror movies, and injects an incredible amount of lunacy.  The outcome is incredibly funny.  Portions of this book are so quotable that it helps to read it with a pen to underline the exceptionally funny bits.  Although, it seemed to me like the book had more of Pratchett's style than Gaiman's.
0345403959|5.0|This book and Polgara the Sorceress are the only David Eddings books that I like. I love the way Belgarath tells 'himself'!
B000000W6R|5.0|To think this is supposed to be a collection of b-sides! From the sad and depressing &quot;SOOTHE&quot; and my favourite &quot;PLUME&quot; to the rockin' &quot;HELLO KITTY KAT&quot; this album never lets go of your emotions and instead takes you on the best roller coaster of your life. Well done billy, most bands would dream of having their best work half as good as your b-side songs.
1567312373|5.0|Robert Anton Wilson has had a huge inspiration on my life. Masks of the Illuminati and Schrodinger's Cat are also very awesome books. I agree with everything dhyde@infinex.com[4/&lt;23&gt;!] and the two people under him said. Hail Eris!
1573226521|1.0|It's a book version ofa computer game--one dimensional characters, emotional distance from the action, and--don't worry--all the violence is &quot;cartoon violence&quot; so nobody really gets hurt.  An unimaginative, lowbrow book disguised as a middlebrow book. The worst insult I can find:  It deserves to be made into a  movie.
B000002549|5.0|One of Babs best works ever, she transports you to another world with her moving vocals , and soft mellow sounds. Barbra proves she can not only sing broadway melodys and pop songs , but some of the most delightful classical songs ever. Lon live Barbra P.S. Barbra was nominated for a Grammy for this work and lost! She was robbed
0446604844|2.0|did not read absolute power by author, but saw the movie (and liked it) . . . then somebody told me to read this . . . so i did--or make that, i heard the full version on audio tape . . . found it to be convoluted and long . . . had a good beginning, then fell apart.
0201633612|5.0|&quot;Design Patterns&quot; presents a well-ordered catalog of miniature frameworks. Every framework is concisely named, described, and contains concise code examples. In addition, frameworks are accompanied by a thorough discussion of their benefits and drawbacks. Framework names are intuitive and appealing which helps to communicate architectural decisions with other engineers.<br />In short, using this book will clearly take your design decisions to a higher level.
060612439X|5.0|This is one of the best mystery books ever written. Thanks to this book, I embarked on a life long quest to read and own every Agatha Christie book. I'm nearly done. I find &quot;closed door&quot; mysteries the most intriguing, and this one doesn't disappoint. All of the clues are there, and for the observant, can be solved from your armchair. Still, few finish without slapping their foreheads and saying &quot;So THAT'S it!&quot;. No loose ends, no unanswered questions. Truly satisfying.
B000002NHN|5.0|I have listened to several of her previous cds but i think this one really comes together and defines what she is all about.  So many good songs on this cd, its hard to list a favorite. I chose Dantes prayer to be played when my dad passed away this past march, it was such a beautiful song (although the theme of dantes and the devil and all that had nothing to do with the beautiful words. so many people after the service asked me who that singer was i made copies of the words. i am very impressed with this cd and look forward to seeing her live in the boston area at some point!
1559723505|5.0|Reading this book has really changed my life. I feel validated, understood and much better about being the highly sensitive person I've always been as a result of reading this book. I also appreciated all the helpful tips about how to thrive in an over-stimulating world. I'm an MFCC psychotherapist specializing in working with highly sensitive clients. Recently I began facilitating an in-person support group for highly sensitive people in the Santa Cruz area.
B0000035E7|5.0|This is my favourite album ever. It's also the most raw, powerful sounding thing I've ever heard. Jack Endino's work recording this record is pure genius. Without a doubt, this is the best thing Nirvana ever did, and (unlike their next album, &quot;Nevermind&quot;) I never get tired of hearing it. It has a huge amount of energy, and it totally rocks! Also, a lot of people have said Chad Channing (the drummer who plays on most of this record) was a bad drummer, but I disagree. Anyway, this record is fantastic. Buy it now, and play it loud.
B000002L68|5.0|Simply one of the finest pop/funk/rock classics of the century.  A modern day Mozart in purple delivers a high voltage soundtrack to an amazing film.
B000003TAB|5.0|This is my second favourite Nirvana record (after Bleach). It's a compilation of various outtakes, b-sides, and also BBC radio sessions. The album opens in fantastic style, with the super-rockin' &quot;Dive&quot;, followed by (in my opinion) the best ever Nirvana song, &quot;Sliver&quot; (which is totally unlike anything else they did). From then on, the album is split into two distinct halves. The first half is very happy, cheerful stuff, with a whole lot of  covers (some from The Vaselines, and a brilliant Devo cover). This is Nirvana at their most happy. The second half is mostly Bleach-outtakes, and so is a lot heavier and not so friendly to the listener. It also sees Kurt messing around a lot with his voice, trying out different stuff. It takes a while to get into the second half of the album, but it's well worth it. There is some great  music going down here. &quot;Beeswax&quot;, &quot;Mexican Seafood&quot; and &quot;Hairspray Queen&quot; all have killer tunes. Check out the bassline on &quot;Hairspray Queen&quot;  - I love that damn bassline! &quot;Downer&quot; is a great song, which is also the last track on the Bleach CD. &quot;Beeswax&quot; has some potentially-very-crazy-and-cool lyrics. All in all, this is a really great grab-bag of stuff. Lots of cool songs - Buy it!
B00000253N|5.0|I have no idea how, but this record is all i need  to describe the best of Bob Dylan, but Blood on Tracks is not just music or the Lyrics... is pain.   Maybe a few writers can do the same, but who ca do it with an excelent music to?... only Dylan.
0399128964|5.0|(no offense to George Lucas)<br />To say that DUNE has many layers is a gross understatement.<br />On a first, casual read, it might seem just another (but brilliant) SF adventure novel. A mix of Star Wars and Foundation, perhaps, or a coming-of-age/hero tale, like the epic sagas of mythology and folklore. The Forces of Good fights (and conquers) Evil, everyone lives happily ever after..?<br />Then,  you may notice the setting. From the harsh desert world of Arrakis to the byzantine intrigues of the drug-embracing feudal Imperium, DUNE creates an environment unparalleled in SF.<br />Next, free your mind from the heroic mystique, and put it to what actually happens to the characters. Do they live happily ever after? Do most of them live at all? DUNE becomes a tragedy; beautiful and sad and strange.<br />And only then will you notice the things that don't seem to fit. Like why did Paul have drums made from the skin of his enemies? And why does Jessica refer to her saviours as 'peasants'. And what happens to the power? Above all, what happens to all that power!? And maybe you will see the philosophy and morality of DUNE. The wisdom of DUNE.<br />Notice the language. The delicate use of contrast and surprises, allusions and understatements. The way Frank Herbert seems to toy with his readers, distracting us from the point on enjoyable side-trips. Notice the irony, how DUNE continually questions its own premises and concepts.<br />And you will suddenly realize, that on top of all, against all probability, DUNE is incredibly, impossibly, hilariously FUNNY!<br />Then read the sequels. Then come to alt.fan.dune to share the experience with the rest of us. Enjoy! I wish I could do it all again. (And I can. I reread it at least once a year. :-D )<br />I truly pity those who don't like it because they think the vocabulary is too difficult.
B000002NJS|5.0|I love the new electronic style madonna utises in her new album.  I especially enjoy the song &quot;Sky fits heaven&quot;
0345423496|4.0|Even though I'd seen the reviews here, I decided to buy the paperback edition from an airport and I read a large part of the book on a long transatlantic flight.  I didn't really expect much, so I wasn't as dissapointed by the book as I *might* otherwise be.  I like ACCs speculations and descriptions of the future and that was enough (BTW, I can't sleep in airoplanes, so I had to do something...).  So, in this context, it was good.  Furthermore, I don't see much difference between 3001 and 2010 and 2061 (apart from the fact that ACC is maybe running out of really original things) and I gave those two a relatively high rating (ok, maybe too much), so...  After all, ACCs original ideas to stories/books written is not that high.  He tends to have some ideas that he &quot;recycles&quot; from time to time, but that's OK by me (as far as I don't read his books too close together :)...  To sum up, a relatively pleasant and easy to read book.
0688152023|5.0|I love this book!  The exercises seem so simple, but when you do them, you use muscles differently than you do in other exercise programs.  The result is that you can really feel it the next day, even though you didn't work up a sweat.  I don't think this book would be a good program for losing weight - you don't sweat much or really get your heart rate going - but it is excellent for toning, particularly the butt.  I reccommend it to anyone looking for a new, different toning routine.
0553266306|5.0|Forsyth is the master of great mistery books. His knowledge gives an excellent oportunity to read books that will last for ever. Great writer !
0517591812|2.0|There are longer books than \\"London\\" (most Stephen King novels qualify), and there are certainly books that take more time to read (try making it through Thomas Pynchon's \\"Mason &amp; Dixon\\"), but just try keeping that in mind while you're slogging through this best-seller. Imagine driving along an unfamiliar residential street, peering at dimly lit homes, looking for a certain address. Then you realize that the house numbers are going by twos -- from 1106 to 1108 to 1110 -- and the address you're trying to find is *miles* away. Nothing to do about it. The speed limit is just 25, so you grimly resign yourself to a long, slow ride. You get this feeling at several points in \\"London,\\" an episodic history of the city told through the (fictional) lives of those who lived through it. By the time you reach the end, you'll feel as though you, too, are 2,051 years old. It's hard not to feel as though you're never going to get to the days of the Beatles, much less Margaret Thatcher.<br />Like his the-only-book-you'll-read-this-summer compatriots Marguerite Young and R.L. Delderfield, Rutherfurd specializes in hefty historical romances without a great deal of drama. They're books that you can start and/or stop reading anywhere, ideal for whiling away a vacation -- though \\"London\\" may push your airplane carry-on over its weight limit. His books have strong, solid, definitive titles. \\"Sarum: The Novel of England.\\" \\"Russka: The Novel of Russia.\\" (I guess \\"War and Peace\\" was just *a* novel of Russia.)<br />\\"London\\" begins at the beginning. I mean, *really* at the beginning: \\"Four hundred million years ago, when the continents were arranged in a quite different configuration...\\" Rutherfurd goes on to show us Caesar's attack on England in 54 B.C., then life in 251 A.D., when \\"the province of Britain was calm,\\" and on and on until the present, stopping and starting, skipping one year, two years, 10 years, 200 years. He drops us into the city's history whenever something exciting is about to happen -- a famous fire, riot, sca! ndal, remark -- and then triumphantly informs us of the event's importance: \\"So another landmark in English constitutional history was made.\\"; \\"England's great Peasant Revolt had begun.\\"; \\"In this manner, in the twelfth century, the terms Exchequer, sterling, counterfoil and stock entered the language of English finance.\\"; \\"Medical history has since conceded that the baby was probably legitimate.\\"; \\"Julius Ducket had just invented government debt.\\"; \\"The Stuart age had begun.\\"<br />Rutherfurd is interested not so much in holding our attention with simple character-based entertainment as in really capturing *what it was like*. Wielding his prodigious research, he tries to show the sweep of many institutions, natural and manmade -- government, industry, marriage, sex, disease. As in James Michener's work, Rutherfurd'shifts between narrative and research often aren't particularly smooth. Discussing the misadventures of a prostitute, he writes, \\"Margery very clearly had the burning sickness.\\" Then he interrupts the story for a quickie lecture: \\"It was a form of syphilis, though less severe than the strain which would appear in later centuries. When it had first come to Britain is uncertain; but, though the infection may have been brought by returning crusaders, there are clear indications of its presence on the island already from as early as Saxon times.\\" Then, without a word of transition, back to Margery.<br />Rutherfurd handles dialogue in an unusual -- and, ultimately, forgettable -- way. Most of his characters are commoners possessed of limited vocabulary and imagination, and their lines are appropriately, well, limited. Even the celebrities who have occasional cameos don't fare all that well. At one point Rutherfurd introduces us to a young Geoffrey Chaucer, who grows up to speak some wretched dialogue: \\"I could tell dozens of stories and fit them all together. I shall call it the Canterbury Tales.\\" The result: The characters' lines may not be cluttered with anachronisms, but they don't hold more than a shred!  of interest for us. There's something to be said for cleverness, even at the risk of sounding a tiny bit out of place. The mundane dialogue is indicative of the book's scale, which stays resolutely tiny. A few of the individual dramas are entertaining, even tense, stories, but none lasts long enough for us to care about many of these small people and their small lives. Rutherfurd's attempt to counter the great-men-create-history myth is admirable but makes for less-than-compelling reading.<br />The same character names pop up frequently, and sometimes even a helpful Distinguishing Physical Characteristic (like the patch of white hair and webbed fingers that survive dozens of generations). But unless you keep checking with the extensive family tree that opens the book, you'll never keep all the names and places straight. Not that it matters. Though the novel's sheer bulk affords it a certain mad grandeur, none of \\"London\\" actually leads to anything. The final hundred pages are no more thrilling than the first hundred. They're not supposed to be.<br />You don't have to worry about my giving anything crucial away in this review, but I must note that Rutherfurd never does give us Margaret Thatcher and the Beatles. He hits World War II (\\"The Blitz\\") with just 26 pages to go and -- perhaps cognizant of the many marvelous postwar English novels -- lets his grand saga quietly fizzle out. Ultimately, \\"London,\\" like much historical fiction, has too much history, not enough fiction.
0060977493|5.0|I PERSONALLY HAVE READ ALOT...AND I MEAN ALOTTT OF BOOKS AND THE GOD OF SMALL THINGS IS ONE OF THEM WHICH WILL STAY IN MY MIND FOREVER BECAUSE OF ITS LANGUAGE.....BEAUTIFUL AND MAGICAL.ARUNDHATI ROY WRITES WITH A STYLE OF HER OWN,COMPLETELY UNLIKE OTHER AUTHORS WHOSE NOVELS I HAVE READ.I THINK HER BOOK IS A TRUE PRIZE WINNER BECAUSE OF ITS ORIGINALITY AND LANGUAGE.I AM COMPLETELY SHOCKED OF THE HORRIBLE REVIEWS MANY HAVE GIVEN..THIS BOOK IS TO BE READ WITH AN OPEN MIND NOT WITH A STUBBORN,IGNORANT,NARROWMINDED ONE!!!!!
B000002U8G|5.0|This is the one Pink Floyd album I keep coming back to again and again. Before Mr. Pink turned into a such a nihlist, he was a charming Romantic in the style of William Blake, and with the exception of One of the Days (I'm going to cut you into little pieces {you have to listen very hard}) you can hear that care-free whimsy in this album. Echoes is still one of the seminal psychedelic pieces from the Floyd collection, and it underscores the infinite interconnectedness of the universe in an audible manner that cannot be captured by words alone. This album is soul searching but still optimistic or at the very least hopeful, and it is a huge departure for those listeners who are only familiar with Pink Floyd's later works that reveal the band's struggle with a level of alienation that only rock gods can know.
031218087X|3.0|This story consists of 2 highly staged dramas, each taking place in its own setting. Two scenes doesn't make for a great thriller. I found the storyline to be thin. In particular, unraveling the &quot;code&quot; at the end of the book was as tough as deciphering &quot;Voyager&quot; from &quot;V-ger&quot; in Star Trek: The Movie. I do not recommend this book.
B0000025ZK|4.0|David Gilmour's second solo album, About Face, is surprisingly underrated. I have always thought that it is strong and shows a side of DG that is lyrically personal and not exactly (for the time) Floydian, but is instrumentally everything that a DG/Floyd fan loves about his sensational craft.  The songs reveal a sweet and expressive man (which later shows up on post-RW Floyd projects) who stands on his own as an artist. I still give this collection a listen every now and then, and while perhaps it is a bit dated, being years later, it is still enjoyable.  For his trademark riffs, the tracks Murder and Let's Get Metaphysical provide a great fix.  I hope that David Gilmour will not only do another Floyd project, but a third solo album in addition to his guest contributions to and producing of other musicians.
1568495110|5.0|Today I read about yet another schoolyard massacre (how many have there been this year? Six already?) and once again, A Clockwork Orange comes to mind. How is it that we've forgotten that we humans are innately malevolent? In a society in which we can be &quot;fixed&quot;, there is no pressure to develop a culture of self-control or of channeling the impulse of &quot;might makes right&quot; into &quot;might for right&quot;. How is it that we've laced our mothers' milk with Ritalin and Prozac? How is it that facing the results of your acts has become a torture too great to bear? God help us all.
0446605409|3.0|Although the main character is a pompous, male chauvanist I thought the book was better than others I have recently read.  The character's humor becomes old quickly and you sometimes wished he would shut up.  Then suddenly one of his stupid jokes would make me laugh and I would continue reading on.  The story takes an unexpected twist about midway through the story.  Kind o' a neat idea but I think the story loses its fizz.  The book could be half as long and still gotten the point across.  DeMille is a fine writer and his style makes this book an easy but drawn-out read.
0452277752|4.0|This book is great for break time,lunch time,bed time or toilet time. The long walk was a little long, and it made my feet sore.  But it was well worth it.
0716703440|4.0|The authors are leading experts on gravitational theory and this book is a comphrensive treatment of the field up to the developments to 1970,  they write in a vivid, humourous manner, and spiced with stories, illustrations and wisdoms.  It is a little bit too wordy though, which results in the unusually huge volume, I usually consult Wald when looking for some particular subject, and if treatments there are too terse to be understood, this book is a good better for  help.
B000000WGL|5.0|i am not a stones fan and i loved it .ragged voice, driving beat, great guitar!
B000002ULS|5.0|This band is brilliant!  Much lauded in Britiain, apparently, they go unsung here.  A shame.  Their literate, hyper-catchy sound (like the Housemartins maybe?) is not to be missed.
0812550706|5.0|A couple months ago I had this strange calling to read &quot;Ender's Game&quot;.  It had been a year since I had first read it.  I almost went crazy trying to finesh the book I was on so I could read it.  The first time I read it I started one evening and fineshed the book the next morning.  I cried reading the soul wrenching 9th chapter. (Valentine and McGraff?)<br />A lot of people think this book is very inaccurate with it's depiction of children, but I say it is not.  A lot of adults don't think children can think or act like this, but I say they do.  This book shows how people are at their deepest levels.  It is amazingly and powerfully written.  I think everyone should read this book.<br />(Keep in mind when reading the &quot;take over the world with use-net&quot; parts that this story does take place in the future, not the present.  Things could be drastically changed by then.  Who knows...it could happen.)
0393316041|5.0|I strongly urge all those who plan to go into physics to read this book, it is an absolute must.  Feynman epitimizes the eccentricity and childlike curiousity that all physicists have.  The book is absolutely inspirational!!
0345363132|5.0|Found this book in a clearance rack.  It was thick and had a pretty cover!  Little did I know how wonderful it would be.  In fact, when the hurricane blew it away after I'd only read half of it, I was frantic to find it again.  My mother found a copy for my birthday but read it first.  Now she, too, is one of Sharon's fans.  It truly lets you live the days of Richard of York in a most realistic way.  I had to look again at the author's name when I read a battle scene that was written so well that the sounds and smells were real!  Sharon Kay Penman is one of the world's finest historical writers and it is a surprise to me as well that she isn't on the bestseller list (yet!)  You must also read her books on Llewellyn the Great, and Llewellyn, the Last True Prince of Wales.  <br />Met Sharon at a reading for her new mystery,  The Queen's Man, in November 1996.  She is a lovely, gracious lady.  <br />We, her Miami fans, look forward to her next great book, Cruel As the Grave: A Medieval Mystery.  Justin is fantastic!
B000003TSP|5.0|I have no idea why I loved it so  much! It's just wonderful! If  you're human, buy this album. Heck, buy a few for your dog!  They make great stocking  stuffers, graduation gifts, anniversary gifts or gifts for any other holiday, special occasion, or not so special occasion. BUY IT! You will not regret it.
0451160916|5.0|How can I say this?  This novel is fantastic.  If you have not read it go directly to the book store now.  This book was great.  I loved and hated everyone at the same time.  Especially Jack,  yes I know he broke Danny's arm and what somewhat a lush at times, but he still tried to do what was best for everyone in the end, am I right.  Wendy wasn't exactly a slice of pie all the time either.  Well chalk it up to those pesky maternal instincts.  I bought this book after I had come home from college for the summer and after a while, I found myself living up there in the Overlook with Wendy, Jack, and Doc. Please everyone read this book!  Even if you never read King before, this is good place to start and you will beg for more.  A little word to those of you who continue to cling to the outdated movie version of &quot;The Shining&quot; with Jack Nicolson.  Wake Up!  If you are anything like me you become enraged when directors take &quot;creative liberties&quot; with a novel.  Yes, I realize this movie is considered a horror classic. and I like it too until I read the book, and I saw what ABC could do when they let Stephen King do the remake.  The new movie is so much like the book (for once!) that I was actually happy with it.  And the whole scence from the old movie with Torrance chopping people with a axe. WRONG!  If you ask me, axes are a slightly boring and unoriginal way to kill someone, Roque Mallets are where its at!!  Those of you who have seen both movies can relate. If you can wait this long, I reccomend reading this book on a cold, winter's night when your snowed in your home. There's nothing like a little mood weather.
B000001Y5J|4.0|This is not Trent Reznor's best, but it's still great. It's a wonderful transition between the depressing, almost mellow songs of Prety Hate Machine and the hard and heavy riffs and deep lyrics of The Downward Spiral. If you're a Nine Inch Nails fan, you definitely should own this. Even if you're not, you should still buy it.
B000002K9N|5.0|I wore out a tape and cd and am looking for this again for myself and some friends who have not heard it.  I really hope that it is released again.  It's a real knockout -- the combination of  being live with Sinatra, Count Basie and Quincy Jones -- it just beats any (even) Sinatra studio recording by a long mile -- it really swings.  I actually wasn't really a Sinatra fan until I heard this.  It used to be easy to find on CD and cassette, but I've looked recently and it is nowhere.  What a crying shame -- baby.
0684874350|5.0|Frank McCourt's memoir is one of the best memoirs i have read (given that i have only read one or two other memoirs).  It tells the painful tale of an alcoholic father and neglecting mother.  Strict  and cruel realatives and school teachers, disease, famine and bitterness.  The bitterness of the people around him is overwhelming.  What makes this book so painful is the inhumane suffering that he and the people around him have suffered.  yet this book is compelling in that one reads on in hope things take a better turn.  I found that reading this is like watching someone in quick sand up to their necks and continuing to sink at a rapid rate.  This is quite an easy book to read, it flow's quite nicely apart from the rules of grammar that seemed to be ignored.  I did find myself having to read things over.  But overall a very good book and I givve it high reccomendations.
0812035062|5.0|One word can sum up this book. Real! This book is a witty, saterical piece of truth, in a world of lies. Joseph Heller does a masterfull job not only of writing this book, but of expressing the true emotins of a person, who is scared to death of war. In closing, this book is loved for the same reasons that it is hated.
0152163220|5.0|This book has remained one of my favorite YA novels which I discovered as an adult, after the explosion of YA literature in the 60's (too late for my childhood!)<br /> Now any Time Travel book involves careful detailing by the author in advance, to establish the Laws of time travel and avoid anachronisms. How is the protagonist transported back and then forward again in time? (In this case the vehicle is a bed in a girls' dorm.) Must she go back far enough in time to preceed her own birth or can she witness herself at a younger age? Is she allowed to interact with her own ancestors or try to change national or even family history? Can she actually change places with a real person from the Past or merely fit in as an unknown entity in another age?  What happens to the person from the Past who is suddenly placed in a modern settting? Won't people in the Past and the Present realize that they are dealing with imposters?  Do they look and sound  that much alike? <br />Heavy problems to resolve,  but Penelope Farmer handles them all with grace and skill, leaving hardly any loose threads. Her heroine, Charlotte, attends a boarding school where she is pleased but puzzled to be taken under the wing of a kindly older girl--whose mother had asked her to be a special friend to Charlotte, if she ever met her.  All throughout the story we keep wondering which of the girls she meets in the Past will turn out to be this sympathetic mother. <br /> Charlotte is trapped on an endless temporal seesaw, never knowing in which Time (40 years' difference) she will awaken. She and her alter-ego, Clare, are doomed to never meet face to face, yet they each learn much about the other. I admired their ingenuity in keeping a mutual journal and hiding notes in the hollowed bedpost. But why does Charlotte allow the girls in the Past to accept her as Clare; she does not protest that they mistake her for someone else. She lets the girls of the Past claim her as their own, which gradually erases hertrue, contemporary persona. Is she so diss! atisfied with herself and her life that she is willing to become someone else? Will she be destined to remain forever in the Past as Clare? Does she lack the will and desire to preserve her true identity?  Will she ever become Charlotte Always? A Fabulous tale which will enthrall and mystify the reader!
0440111498|5.0|Cat's Cradle is THE place to start when reading Vonnegut.  It is light and entertaining while heavily examinatory of modern society.  The ending is complete and utter genius.<br />This book will give you a taste of what Vonnegut is all about.
0385255853|5.0|To anyone who didn't like this book-you must be crazy.  I count this series as the best 4 books I have ever read and recommend them to friends all the time. Yes, there are still some questions left unanswered (like why was Jamie haunting Claire in the beginning of Outlander). But, that's why we can't wait for the next installment.
B000006OAM|5.0|Ms. Merchant has given us an all around performance with this album that is just spectacular in my opinion.  She gives us a qaint old fashion country flavored song with When they ring the Golden Bells to the type of personal and beatifully written songs that you find on Tigerlilly in the CD's first track Ophelia.  This is a triumphant second solo effort by Natalie and for those of us who love her unique voice and style and must have CD.
0786860707|5.0|&quot;The Illusion of Life&quot; is the best book on animation ever period. You will find it on every animators desk in disney, and other places too. These two are my mentors anyways so that made it even greater. It contains great stories, and info. If you want to be an animator-BUY THIS BOOK!!
006016848X|2.0|I already new 90% of what was discussed in this book, just from being aware of what goes on around me.  You can see it demonstrated live just by watching Home Improvement.  I found myself becoming irritated at the style and voice the author used to convey his points and kept saying &quot;get to the meat.&quot;  But then, if he had, the book would be a pamphlet.  A serious waste of money.
0553062182|5.0|Many of us have had the experience of this book jumping out at us, begging to be read.  During the reading of it, I kept wishing that my parents, siblings, friends would all read it, too!  A wise man once wrote &quot;No one knows the pain of another.&quot;  But wouldn't it be nice if we could.  Dr. Aron has offered the reading public a step forward in that direction.  I have a BA in Psychology.  Dr. Aron's HSP profile answered many, many questions I'd been trying to figure out for years, and the things she points out have made it easier for me to cope.
0606017526|5.0|This book is outstanding and interesting right from the begining.  It tackles a concept so universal that no matter what your personal beliefs, religion, philosophy, you walk away with something valuable.  I can't amagine anyone reading this book all the way through and not loving it.
0525244581|5.0|Even if you don't know anything about Tao or Pooh, this book is entertaining and enlightening. I would think that anyone would benefit from reading this book.  The way it is written really makes it easy to read and absorb.  It's a must read!
0452273331|5.0|I have already written a review saying how much I liked this book.  But I have now read a lot of the other reviews.  This book is kind of like Howrd Roark, you love him (because you understand him), or hate him and wished to see him destroyed.  I hope the irony is not lost on haters of this book.  Most people who don't like this book don't say, &quot;I just didn't like this book&quot;.  But they have something really violent sounding that makes it almost seems that they are yelling.  Rand isn't telling people what to think or how to act, the fact that some people have become so negatively emotional about it says (to me) that it got it's message across.  If you think this book is telling you what to think or how to act, (whether you liked it or not), I think you missed the point.  Howard is not the model citizen and everyone should not act like that.  My God I hope that everyone would not act like him.  He chose to neither lead or follow and that made others hostile and threatened.  I loved this book but I would never want to be Howard or anyone else in this book.  I would only hope to be myself and no one else.  If Peter just accepted himself and didn't worry about what other people thought and didn't need other people's acceptance he might have been happy.  But he wouldn't have been a  Roark clone by any means.  But for those of you who hate this book so much, don't you think that you kind of resemble Ellsworth and how he wrote of Roark?
B00000634L|5.0|I purchased the CD in April 1998. I recommend it to anyone who likes to have fun!! It has a great beat and every song has something different to offer. It does have some explicit learics in some songs if that matters to you.
B000001FS6|5.0|U2 triumphs with this adventurous leap into American root music.  Made on the Joshua Tree tour as a mix of studio and live tracks, Rattle &amp; Hum vibrates with the soulful, inspiring music U2 is famous for.  Songs like &quot;Desire&quot;, &quot;Pride in the Name of Love&quot; (live ) and &quot; All I Want Is You&quot; range in scope from driving soul to social commentary to bittersweet love songs.  Fabulously crafted and full of heart, Rattle &amp; Hum is an excellent album by itself and as a companion to Joshua Tree.
B000002L99|5.0|I consider this the very best Van Halen CD, period. Whenever someone tells me that they don't like VH since David Lee Roth left, I play them this CD, and they are hard-pressed to maintain their DLR loyalty! It is awesome... and there's a REASON that Eddie Van Halen named his recording studio &quot;5150&quot;!
0060977493|4.0|This is a lovely little book.  It is wonderfully written, with a very original narrative structure.  It blossoms and flowers throughout, repeating the same story in numerous different ways.  It is hard not to respect this book, and its author, tremendously.  However, there are times, certain flows of prose, that kind of make you cringe.  Ms. roy is apparently quite aware of her ability as a writer and seems intent on showing it off.  Certain passages flow out, metamorphizing into endless descriptions, inventive, stylistic ranges of beauty.  Then, just as a capper, she puts the best line of an endless riff on whatever it may be, and removes it from its parent paragraph so it can shine all on its own as a short, one-sentance paragraph.  This is fine in and of itself, but it is obviously a conscious manuver, the same effect of highlighting what you think is your best work and showing it off.  It cuts the statement away from what created it and interrupts the flow of language.  It seems boastfully, painfully arrogant.  It's a shame.  Without these occasional flights from the story, I would have absolutely loved this book.
B0000025ED|4.0|Billy follows up The Stranger with a strong album; some of the songs (Zanzibar, Rosalinda's Eyes) are a little weak, while others are strong (Until The Night, Honesty) and some are just flat out hits (My Life, Big Shot)
B000002VSN|5.0|For anyone who loves good gospel music, this recording is a must!  I first heard Houston's version of &quot;I Go to the Rock&quot; when the sanctuary choir in my home church sang this arrangement...(long before I saw the movie!) Several selections will make you weep tears of joy, when reflecting on the goodness of Almighty God, &quot;I Love the Lord&quot; (Richard Smallwood, Myrna Alford--writer/arranger), &quot;Hold On, Help is on the Way,&quot; and &quot;Joy to the World,&quot; are just examples of the tremendous music on this recording.  This CD is well worth what you will pay for it--many, many times over!
0380002930|5.0|Having just read it for the second time, Watership down is by far my favorite book.  When I was a child my aunt brought over the movie version of this book and I was always facinated by the story and the mythology of the rabbits, but when I tried to read the book it just didn't interest me.  So, a few months ago I decided to give it another try as an adult and I am SO glad I did.  This is a beautifully written novel about friendship and trust between this group of rabbits and I love it for the story of their exciting and sometimes terrible journey to find a new home.  But I also love this book for the way it changed the way I look at the world and nature.  I was absorbed into the culture, the attitudes, the language and the spirituality of these animals and now everytime I look at nature I feel that there is a life there which I never realized existed before.  Watership down is a must read for all people living on this earth.  Afterward, maybe people will think twice about destroying the wildlife that share the land with us!
0385472951|5.0|I READ THIS BOOK WHILE I WAS ON VACATION AND I WAS SADDENED BY THE ENDING BUT MR. GRISHAM IS STILL THE MAN. I PASSED THE BOOK ALONG TO MY BOYFRIEND AND HE IN TURN PASSED IT ALONG TO A FRIEND. I DON'T KNOW WHERE MY BOOK IS AT THIS TIME BUT I'M SURE IT'S BEING ENJOYED BY WHOMEVER IS READING IT. KEEP ON WRITING MR. GRISHAM!  END
0060920084|1.0|This book is not only poorly written, it appears there was little if any research done  prior to publishing, i.e. Gold was not discovered in Sutter Creek CA.  He was so negative about all of America,  it makes me wonder why he choose to return here.  I have lived in England and found his glowing comments about this lovely country  untrue in many cases.  Both countries have  pro's and con's.  I did finish this book, but was unable to continue with the book on England.
6300184064|5.0|This movie is director Terry Gilliam at his best.  The compelling story of a man trapped within the clutches of his work and the government, and searching for some escape from it.  Jonathan Pryce and Kim Greist give us a stunning performance as two meant to be lovers on a quest for liberation.  Michael Palin (Monty Python alumnus) as usual, does some great work as Jack, the interrogator.  Along with some great scenes with Robert DeNiro as Harry Tuttle, and Bob Hoskins as the hilarious &quot;Central Services&quot; employee Spor. Along with what is probably the most twisted ending to a film I've ever seen, it is a must see for all.     END
0345423496|2.0|six years ago I was introduced into the world of science fiction.  A friend lend me several Clarke books (Rama series, Childhood's End, and the first three Odyssey books).  I loved the Odyssey books, although there were some inconsistencies, the serie in general was really good.  For the next six years I waited to read the book that'll end this great series.  Maybe the anticipation, made me hope for something better, but 3001: Final Odyssey was really disappointing.  I expected something better with which the Odyssey series would bid farewell to the fans....
B000002NHN|5.0|I came to the album from a different approach than some of the others who have reviewed this.  I first heard the Mummer's dance on the radio and ran out to get the CD and was somewhat dissapointed at the dramatic difference between the two versions.  An added treat was the spellbinding version of The Highwayman.  I'd strongly recommend the CD to any fan of Celtic music.
0425152251|4.0|Yes, it is supremely original. Yes, it is a brilliant philosophical primer. And yes, the chapter on Darwin is the best short summary (rather than simplification, which is more usual) of evolution theory that I have ever read. But I couldn't help feeling that there are strong undertones of paedophilia in the surface story, about an older man sending billets-doux to a young girl, enticing her into his strange world, and even dressing up for her! Don't try this at home.
089845915X|5.0|What pathos!  This is the timeless story of the struggle for survival.  This time concerning the Joad family - a simple crop sharing farm people - uprooted by changes both climatic and economic (it reminds one of the recent downsizing and the loss of blue collar jobs) on their trek westward searching for a new hope. This book works on all levels and raises important issues if you can get a handle on the depression.  As literature it is excellent.  Any author that can devote an entire chapter to the life-and death struggles of a turtle crossing the road and keep you on the edge of your seat deserves fame (what is the symbolism any how?).  This book also raises the important issues of today.  What to do with displaced (homeless) people? Who's responsible if anyone for peoples well-being.  Are their abuses in the work place?  Who's fault is it?  What should be done?  Are simple people to be admired or pitied?.  Fortunately, he doesn't give you all the answers, but makes you think for yourself.  Admittedly, he does go into melodrama.  His brief dealings about the communist ideals with the government camp, and the breast feeding of an ill man showing how people must help themselves are two such examples. Yet, I feel it is a must read even if it leaves you drained and questioning your own ethics.
0380002930|5.0|There are ONLY two kinds of people who didn't enjoy Watership Down. The first were too young to understand it--I'm talking maturity here, not chronology. The second were those who were disappointed that a book about rabbits didn't have more to do with sex. The former should stick with Goosebumps and Sweet Valley High until they're a little older. The latter should invest in a subscription to the smut magazine of their choice.
B000002BQK|4.0|Mariah has always had a good voice.  However, as with so many other performers a good voice does not necessarily lead to great songs or great albums.  Thank the producers of this album for they have used her talents very well. <br />So much of Mariah's work lacks (real) emotion or energy past the superficial.  This album is bringin' it (finally).  As with Whitney Houston, age and experience have brought more substance to her singing.  I just hope it continues.<br />'The roof' is just phenomenal!  If you've been a fan of her's prior to this album then I would suggest that you dig this one and see what the next level is.  There are a few week cuts though which bring down the overall rating.
B000002NJS|5.0|Here in Brasil the music more listened is Frozen. When I listened this music by the first time I loved It. The other musics are also very beautiful. Thanks Madonna for give us a little bit of your Ray of Light.
068480025X|5.0|Although this book seems to be the opposite of PURSUIT, as one reviewer described in a previous note, it is superior and completely enjoyable- all the way through. The hero, Jack Cray, is likeable, where the villain in Pursuit was obviously not. Mr. Thayer did indeed do an excellent job of creating the opposing assasination theme, with even more ingenious attacks, disguises and interactions. The 'humerous' interactions with the civilians and regular military personnel were fabulous- THIS BOOK IS A KEEPER, and a RE-READER, and in that way, similar to PURSUIT, which I re-read every few years! Highly recommend, for first time  Thayer readers, and even more so for those who've read PURSUIT.
B000002C1Z|5.0|The soaring guitar of Gilmour on Dogs is reason enough to buy this album. It is undoubtedly one of their best ever songs and represents the greatness achieved by the Waters/Gilmour partnership. The songs from this album are rarely heard on radio due to their length, which is why it remains less well known.
0807106577|5.0|This is that rare book that lives up to its cult status on every grotesque page. From the first line to the last, this breathless tour de force weaves an intricate story that never ceases to satisfy and delight. Ignatius, his mother, and the other dozen or more characters at the center of the book are so fully-formed and human that their outrageous behavior and exasperation at life seem so fresh and real that it feels like it's happening to you. Even if you're one of those well-read brainiacs who's grown weary of &quot;must-read&quot; suggestions from us amateurs, do yourself a favor and discover the day that Ignatius emerges from his home to buy a new string for his lute. You'll return to this book again and again.
0684874350|5.0|Of comments here, no one has mentioned the hospital scenes. In the fifties, I was hospitalized at age seven for expended periods and these scenes mean the most to me. The isolation and the power of goodness and literature....in fact, for both Frankie and me, these hospital experiences shaped us in positive ways. Irony: a serious, painful disease that brings enlightenment, self-discovery, intuition, and will to survive. <br />Also:  Compares to THE GOOD EARTH in showing the effects of famine, disease,universality of themes.
0062502182|5.0|IT GOES WITHOUT SAYING THAT EVERYONE ON THE FACE OF THIS PLANET IS DIFFERENT; AND AS UNIQUE INDIVIDUALS, WE ALL HAVE DIFFERENT BELIEFS AND  OPINIONS CONCERNING JUST ABOUT EVERYTHING.  IT IS UNFORTUNATE, HOWEVER, THAT NOT EVERYONE HAS THE TIME AND/OR PATIENCE TO ENJOY SOME OF THE MORE SIMPLE AND PURE THINGS IN LIFE - LIKE THE ALCHEMIST.  WE ARE A NATION, AND IN FACT A WORLD, THAT IS INCREASINGLY DEPENDENT UPON THE RIDICULOUSLY SUPERFICIAL, OUTRAGEOUS, FANTASY WORLD THAT THE TELEVISION, MOVIES AND OTHER FORMS OF MASS MEDIA CONTINUE TO BOMBARD US WITH. AND THUS, IT ISN'T SURPRISING THAT THERE ARE MANY  PEOPLE WHO DO NOT LIKE THE BOOK.  IT OFFERS NO GUN FIGHTS, MINIMAL VIOLENCE, AND SEVERAL LESSONS TO BE LEARNED.  WHAT WITH OUR SHORT ATTENTION SPANS, INCREASING APPETITES  FOR A PLETHORA OF BLOOD SHED, SEX AND VIOLENCE, THESE INDIVIDUALS WHO DISLIKE THE BOOK CANNOT BE BLAMED....IT IS NOT THEIR FAULTS THAT THEY HAVE BOUGHT INTO YET ANOTHER ONE OF HOLLYWOOD'S PARADIGMS WHICH DICTATES THAT PURE AND SIMPLE IS DULL AND BORING.  IN TODAY'S WORLD, EVERYTHING MUST BE SUGAR-COATED,GROSSLY EXAGGERATED, AND OF COURSE, IMMEDIATE GRATIFICATION IS A MUST. PERHAPS ONE DAY THE SMOKE WILL DISSIPATE AND ALL WILL BE MADE CLEAR AGAIN!!  UNTIL THEN, FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO HAVE THE TIME AND PATIENCE TO TRY AND UNDERSTAND THIS WORLD, YOURSELF, AND THE CREATOR JUST A LITTLE BETTER.....I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BOOK!! =)
0517548232|5.0|I have read this little classic several times and give copies to people who I think would appreciate learning about secondary consequences relating to economics.  What I find doubly enriching is that a person can apply the insights of learning about secondary consequences in their own lives -- about the decisions they make that will have lasting consequences that they didn't think about before taking action.  The bottom line is that it is sad that so many people don't know about this book.  It should be required reading in our high schools.
B000002UA5|5.0|The unfortunate thing with Ummagumma is the live performance on Disc 2 pales in comparison to some of their bootleg's. While the recording quality was high it wasn't as good a performance as the show in which the recording didn't work properly. Overall, Disc 1, while not as cohesive as their later work is interesting in that hints of their future greatness do shine through...
0694515159|3.0|This book is a neet story, but I agree it is a little hard to swallow as an actual event.  I was confused by the beginning where she prints a disclaimer, but I think this was done in order to give her more leeway in the relaying of the story.  I don't know how she could make this all up, but I am still foggy on the details that she does provide as not fitting together very well.  If you just read it as a story, there is much to learn from the message and it is beautifully written.  I think we'd all like to believe there are still people like the Real People on earth somewhere.
B000005RMY|5.0|Ah, the wonder of this CD. For far too long, the majority of the songs on this album could only be found individually on scarce 45's in the most out-of-the-way record stores. And to complete this collection, you'd have to shell out big bucks: one could easily pay upwards of  twenty bucks PER TUNE!!!! But now they're all here on one glorious shining disc.<br />With very few exceptions, the songs on this album reflect the brilliance of these lords of Gothic Rock. The infectious rhythms and showering, noise-drenched guitars accompany Andrew Eldritch's poignant lyrics perfectly, and for a precious few minutes per song, they join together to perfectly voice the angst we've all felt at one time or another.<br />The Sisters of Mercy have had a second coming of sorts with albums like &quot;Floodland&quot; and &quot;Vision Thing,&quot; but this CD represents the original Sisters, the true Sisters, the Sisters who ruled the Gothic Rock scene of the early- to mid-eighties. Some Girls Wander By Mistake is a must-have for old fans, as well as fans of Marilyn Manson and his ilk, who want to hear where he got his ideas and styles.
B000002L7G|5.0|Give this CD another listen.  The guitar pieces on this CD are great!
0151001820|2.0|I would not have finished this book were I not reading it for my bookgroup. We generally found The characters unsympathetic, the writing style confusing, and the ending unsatisfying.  Others liked it somewhat better than I, but would only recommend it with plenty of disclaimers and warnings.  The woodcuts were fun, though, and the mystery was intriguing for awhile (but a subig let down at the end.
B000002MNR|2.0|I like a few tracks on this CD (like Local Hero and Princess Bride) just because I liked the movies.  In general, this CD has very little to recommend it.
0345389409|5.0|I bought Memnoch the day it came out and sat on my porch for three hours, reading the book from cover to cover.  After my initial reaction (I walked around in a stupor for two days pondering it all) I re-read it and fell in love.  The ending may not have been what people wanted, but it was right.  I've never believed in Christian theology,and this book really didn't make me want to start.  It did bring to focus little things I always questioned about their (the christians) faith.  For example, if Memnoch (satan) was an angel once, why would god completely abandon one of his own.  Yes, mistakes, errors in judgement do happen, and should be forgiven.  Just little points like that. But, loved it, suggest it to everyone.  Next in line to Cry to Heaven, it is her best ever!
B000006OAM|5.0|When I heard there was a new Natalie Merchant CD, I literally stopped at the first store I came to and purchased it.  Needless to say, I wasn't dissapointed.  Natalie Merchant does it again.  The music is simply sublime.  I listed to it 4xs in a row and continued to marvel over her range of emotion and soulfulness.
0399128964|5.0|I enjoyed Dune a lot.  The imagery is very good, you really feel you are in this strange desert world.  The story is very intense, as the central character faces potential death in the safety of his home with trusted people in the very first chapter!  Plus the central character gets stronger as the story progresses, feeding the reader's ego and encouraging optimism towards life's difficult situations.  This is a great escape novel, as it has successfuly enabled me to forget all about work! I had read this book as a college student, and only felt lukewarm, but 20 years later, I love it.  This is not a difficult read, and I would not try to read too much into it. I see Dune as mainly an escape novel.  The harsh medieval values of loyalty and death are very black and white which  successfully removes any moral considerations, as none of these situations can apply to daily life.  This helps the Dune fantasy.  The strength of Dune is the visialization of the desert world, which seems very real.  The weakness  is that Dune does not make you think about moral issues in your life (in contrast to classics such as Animal Farm).  But since Dune is a fantasy sci-fi novel, so what?
B000002ADT|5.0|This album is truly sublime.
B000002U9E|5.0|After the relative lack of success of &quot;The Dreaming,&quot; Kate Bush tried on this album to achieve a more accessible sound.  I think that this brought out the best in her:  while not abandoning her sense of drama, her vocal range, and her unique &quot;take&quot; on love (erotic and familial), she's reined in her fascination with outlandish characters and situations, and created an album almost anyone can relate to.  The title tune and &quot;Running Up That Hill&quot; are thrilling, and she enacts a memorable series of mini-dramas in &quot;Cloudbusting,&quot; &quot;To Dream of Sheep,&quot; and &quot;Under Ice.&quot;  &quot;Waking the Witch&quot; is Dreyer's &quot;The Passion of Joan of Arc&quot; in miniature, and &quot;Hello Earth&quot; links the personal and the cosmic with immense tenderness.  And the first time I heard &quot;Jig of Life,&quot; it made the hair stand up at the back of my neck:  I was in my early 40's, just beginning to confront my own aging process, and she summed it up perfectly.  Despite the variety of subjects and moods, she cleverly weaves themes and literary allusions throughout the album, creating a cohesive experience for the listener.  This one always shows up on my desert island list.
0790729644|5.0|This is a brutal, believable tale that at the same time is deeply moral, in a way that no melodrama can be.  It's about a temporarily reformed mad-dog killer who's tempted off the straight and narrow.  Some prostitutes have offered a bounty for the deaths of two cowboys who mutilated one of their number.  <br />When people are beaten or killed in this movie, it has meaning.  Justice doesn't triumph, because that's not what this world offers.  For me, it's not nihilism but it's opposite that prompts this exchange between the apprentice killer and Clint Eastwood's character:<br />&quot;I guess he had it coming.&quot; &quot;We all got it coming, kid.&quot;<br />The movie is a little slow to get rolling, and I don't quite believe some of the scenes of Clint as a sod-buster.  But when we see characters flinch at killing because they lack the nerve, we really understand what makes it possible for a cold-blooded sociopath- on either side of the law- to face down a crowd.  That makes it feel real, and the third act of the movie is the culmination of Clint Eastwood's career in westerns.     END
B000005JHQ|5.0|Kate Bush, at her best, is a composer, director, and riveting performer in a breathtaking variety of one-act operas.  This album embodies both her triumphs (&quot;Pull Out the Pin,&quot; &quot;Houdini,&quot; and &quot;Night of the Swallow&quot; are enthralling, and &quot;There Goes a Tenner&quot; is a hoot) and her flops (&quot;The Dreaming&quot; -- which, by the way, is the correct album title -- and &quot;Get Out of My House&quot; verge on the racist).  Still, it's never boring or undramatic.  And her chameleon-like ability to embody a wide range of characters and emotions using only her voice never fails to astonish me.
0884271536|4.0|Someone has finally made common sense out of Project Management.   I have taken several Project Management courses in Graduate School and Undergraduate and nothing comes close to the Critical Chain concept.   I have restructured two of our &quot;in progress&quot; projects and I am looking forward to using Dr. Goldratt's methods on large-scale projects.   A very good book for those who have to make sense out of the chaos called Project Management.  Don't expect to be spoon fed the answers or even the concept, Dr. Goldratt's method of knowledge transfer is very contagious.  Buy several copies so you can keep your own copy and not loose it to others borrowing it. My only criticism of Dr. Goldratt's book is that for the most part he makes upper management managers seem logical and clear thinking.   Most of us if not all of us know that upper management managers are more like Dilbert's boss.
006091307X|4.0|I don't think anyone can read this book only once and decide whether they like it or not.  There's just way too much in it to digest.  I read it once, listened to 4 or 5 lectures on it, and then tried to write a paper on this book 3 weeks later... I thought, &quot;hey, this won't be so bad, I can talk about female empowerment, some weird underground post that tries to deny America any more power than it already has, and paranoia&quot;, but when I tried, there was no way.  If you have time, I would recommend reading this thing twice right away, and then putting it away for a while (while you research all the references Pynchon makes to all manner of things), and THEN reading it again.<br />Someone once asked Pynchon why he didn't write stuff so it was easier to understand, and he replied with something like, &quot;why should I make it easy to understand?  Life isn't easy to understand...&quot;<br />Try this book with an open mind--be willing to accept anything it gives you, and then be willing to think...a lot...
B000002UEB|5.0|This album is incredible!  The guys had a very cool concept and played it out perfectly.  When you listen to the whole album without interuption, you feel like your watching a movie.  I love this album.
0440539811|4.0|I pity the conspiracy buffs, the humourless sci-fi  mavens, and the Lit Crit who accidentally stumbled across this book. What is this book? I suppose if you took Leary, Pynchon and Hunter Thompson, put them in a blender, set them on 'frappe' and then poured them into a mould designed by Kurt Vonnegut, you might end up with this book. But that would be cloyingly trite of you. It's not a portrayal of reality, or a science fiction book, or a great literary achievement. It's more an encyclopoedia hallucinagenia, or maybe a thesaurus of the eschaton. All I know is that it's the fifth month of the twenty-third anniversary of the book's copyright date and that the thorazine is helping me cope with it. Heute die Welt, morgen das Sonnensystem!
B000002ULS|5.0|If Morrissey ever had anything to say that people could relate to, it might have sounded a lot like Belle and Sebastian (but even then, not this good.) This CD definately leaves a little Smiths in your mouth, but rinses away clean with the most original and intimate music that B &amp; S will soon be hailed for in America as well as Britain.  Songs like &quot;Judy and the Dream of Horses&quot; and &quot;Seeing Other People&quot; express the thoughts and feelings rarely discussed so openly by many of us.  Not to mention a voice like Donovan belting out my favorite poison pen letter to &quot;The Stars of Track and Field&quot; in a Mozzer-esque style (sans whining.)  Don't let Britain be the only place to know and love these seven beautiful people of Scotland.  They belong to all of us, as we to them.
0930289455|5.0|This chilling book displays the believable origin of the sinister Joker, and in the meantime interweaves it with a story of the Clown Prince of Crime's grisly mutilation of Barbara Gordon, once known as Batgirl. So realistic, yet capable of delving into the fantastic, the Killing Joke shows that despite the garish faces that both the Batman and the Joker wear, that these two enemies are human. The last page is cryptic and might leave the reader with unanswered questions.
B000002U8G|5.0|This cd is probably one of the most underrated, nearly obscure works out there. Having been released shortly before the  magnificient Dark Side, these songs offer a glimpse at where the band's music was headed. The cd kicks off with the angry &quot;One of These Days...&quot; which features not only a solid, stomping bass line and some virtuoso guitarwork, but also the only lead vocals of drummer Nick Mason, who delivers the classic one liner. &quot;Pillow of Dreams&quot; is a whisper of a song, whimsical and summerlike after the storm of &quot;Days.&quot; The next track, &quot;Fearless,&quot; is often seen on die-hard Floyd Fans' lists of all time favorites, and with good reason. The lyrics almost seem to be addressing a shadowy figure who is sure to loom large in the band's future. &quot;San Tropez&quot; is good cocktail fun but oddly out of place on the cd, as is the case with &quot;Seamus.&quot; People who think that &quot;Seamus&quot; is a terrible song nedd to know that, at one point, the band did have a sense of humor and recorded the track as a lark. Then there's &quot;Echoes.&quot;  If any song previous to 1973 could give a listener an idea where the band was heading (at least musically) this is the one. It is an experimental opus of a song, comprising the entire b-side of the vinyl edition. Upon first listen, many will stop the cd well before the last note is played--I did so, myself, only to realize later just how beautiful a payoff the end of the song is...&quot;Cloudless every day you fall upon my waking eyes...&quot; the verse ends and the rest of the song drifts away, much like the coda of &quot;Wish You Were Here.&quot; The cd is stopped from being a breathtaking 10 only by two greats that followed: &quot;Dark Side&quot; and &quot;Wish You Wer Here.&quot; A definite Should Listen to any fan of trippy music, and absolute MUST for Floyd fans.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool came along way to hook up all of these powerful songs. The cd is great if your into heavy stuff, if not stay away from Tool. The explict lyrics are what makes Tool powerful!!
B000000OPU|5.0|mercy street also was featured in miami vice.  one of the best combinations of audio and video i've ever had the pleasure to hear.  what i like about peter gabriel is how personal and intimate his songs are--not gushy, but joyful, sometimes angry, sometime sorrowful, but without pretense.  and then he throws in some real rock'n'roll just to celebrate the joy of living.  this is not pop music, it's communication.
B0000029DD|5.0|I came across the album quite by chance and over a period of months grew to love it. The news of his untimely death came as a great shock but Grace stands as a towering testament to an extraordinary singer and a developing songwriter. Our loss is God's gain.
0425129586|5.0|This book is one of the first Christie's I have ever read, but I still think that it is the best. I would recomend it for anyone who likes mysteries. The plot is easy to follow, but you keep guessing whodunit until the very end. A must for Christie fans.
B000002NJS|5.0|Her totally change of style makes this CD the best of all and unique. The music &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is complete of effects (Hawkwind on the 80's and 90's use a lot of those effects), not short in time (5+ minutes). I usually say dancing music is always repetitive, and for me (60's and 70's rock fan), has no meaning - she just caught my attention with this CD. It really hypnotises me.
B000002BE9|4.0|When I first got this CD back in 1996, I spoke to someone at Sony and they told me &quot;You wait she is going to one of the hottest new artists&quot; and he was right. Anyone who owns the Tidal CD can also  put it in your CD-Rom drive of their computer and  see some bio info and black and white photos of Fionna. Check it out!
0060920084|5.0|This is undoubtedly one of the funniest books that I have ever read. Sometimes I would have to stop reading and do something else for awhile to give my body a chance to cool down from all the laughing. I have since gone out and bought every book that Bryson has written (having lived in England for awhile, Notes From A Small Island was a special treat). You might not like the book if you are a dedicated town booster and Bryson passed through your neighborhood, but if you do like your travelogues packed with wit this is a book for you.
B000003489|5.0|This is possibly the farthest straight-ahead Bebop ever got with its dense mesh of chords and Coltrane blistering his sheets of sound over it like Bird almost never did.  It's a classic for a reason: you can't help but be stunned by the technical virtuosity that Trane displays here and by the driving passion that backs it up while still staying in a near-unbeakable goove.  &quot;Giant Steps&quot; may be notorious as one of the most difficult jazz cuts of all time but equally amazing is &quot;Countdown.&quot;  A must-have for any jazz student, hands-down
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah is my favorite female vocalist and she's done it again with Butterfly.  I have every cd and video tape she has ever created.  I think she's a very talented artist and I think it's an insult (to Mariah) to compare her with Whitney Houston.  Whitney can't hang.....
B000006OAM|5.0|This CD transports the senses and takes the listener to a deep, cavernous place in the soul, at once filling the listener up in an overwhelmingly sensory overload.   She has reached a new depth and maturity  that was not as evident in her debut solo effort, Tigerlily.<br />Natalie's music  has the ability to make the listener recall the most vulnerable memories and feel as though they have all been washed away in the process of day to day growth and maturity.   She reminds listeners that we are all somebody to someone at some place in time; that human connection is a strange and transforming thing.   &quot;The Living&quot;, My Skin &quot;, and &quot;Thick as Thieves&quot; are particularly introspective and memorable.  &quot;Kind and Generous&quot; uplifts and makes you so  thankful to be blessed with lifelong friendships acquired through much time, effort, and understanding.<br /> Growth and renewal seem to be her overall specialty.  Prepare to shed a few tears, or at least be plunged into a photographic- memory snapshot session of days past and emotions long since forgotten.  Her voice and the piano create and symbiotic prensence that is timeless.<br />The instrumental arrangement of &quot;Ophelia&quot; by Gavin Bryars at the end of the disc is a gorgeous finale to all of the feelings Natalie has evoked.<br /> She is all about brotherly and sisterly love (in the most unpretentious way) and her CD will make you look inward at yourself and look outward in THANKS for the irreplacable non-material human relationships you have acquired through time and tears. A soulful chick-- This music is  DEEP, pick up this CD today.
B000002BSG|5.0|Jamiroquai delivers a strong punch as a third cd.  His past two cds were good but did not hit America strong enougn.  Even though their past cds were great hits.  This cd brang more of a new age funk with it.  Anyways keep listening to Jamiroquai and keep the funk alive!
0465068359|5.0|THE RAPE OF NANKING is a long overdue book written in English that documents this unspeakably atrocious crime of historic magnitude, committed by the Japan's army deliberately set loose by their high command and endorsed (could it be otherwise?) by their emperor. Aside from its massive scale and designed cruelty, what made this genocidal crime singularly the most debasing in human history were the unimaginable varieties of sadistic tortures and humiliations inflicted on the innocent victims, carried out by the beastly murderers with gleeful smile on their faces. Too often the blame has been directed only at the right-wing radicals for the failure of Japanese government to officially admitted, let alone apologize and compensate for, the Nanking Massacre (and other war crimes). I think we should lay the blame squarely where it really belongs: The overwhelming majority of Japanese people (excluding a few adults who dared to speak out their conscience in public and the young children before entering high school) since 1945. It is the Japanese voters who wilfully allowed their government to behave so despicably about their war crimes for the last five decades. There is no way the right-wing radicals can dictate the national policy unless the silent majority connive conveniently. Iris Chang has rightly called the unabated Japanese efforts of shameless denial and cowardly coverup of the Nanking Massacre as the Second Rape. Those who have been participating the Second Rape are morally no better than the ones who committed Nanking Massacre, since the former are under nobody's order but their own. For any reader who is unfamiliar with the typical emperor's-new-dress mentality of Japanese toward their war crime, it will be an eye-opener just to take a look of the following Customer Comments made by two Japanese: Wasada on 5/11/98 and Soka (he made comment without even having read the book) on 12/15/97. While I can only guess these surnames sound like Japanese, what really reveal their national origin beyond any doubt are their ridiculous denials and Wasada's vicious but utterly groundless charges that Iris Chang's book is &quot;filled with vicious forgery&quot;. Less the reader think this is only the rare occasion that someone is blinded by fanatic patriotism, let me point out that Kunihiko Saito (Japanese ambassador to the US) attacked RON, in his routine press conference in Washington D.C. on April 21, as full of errors, biased and one-sided view. Yet he did not have the courage to accept Iris Chang's public challenge for a televised debate. Just like numerous Japanese officials did before him, he resorted to lie and false accusation rather than to face the ugly fact. For too long the international community has been too lenient on Japan's war crimes and ignored its institutionalized denials and distortions of history. It is about time for all the justice-loving people of the world to confront their lies and let them know that they aren't wearing clothe.
B00000295A|5.0|This Jamiroquai's first album, when I first bought this, I fell in love with the song but mainly the lyrics.  This cd shows how enviromental Jay is.  The first track is &quot;When You Gonna Learn.&quot;  In the video and the lyrics it shows and tells about the killng, and the abusing of animals.  This cd is one of the best.  Because of the strong lyrics Jamiroquai uses to catch its audience.  Way to go Jamiroquai!
B000000W6F|5.0|What can I say to sum up one of the greatest albums of all time?  This rates right up there with other outstanding first albums, like Jimi Hendrix's The Jimi Hendrix Experience.  Billy Corgan attacks the guitar like a man posessed.  This is, by far, the most guitar heavy of any of the Pumpkins albums, and, as a guitar player, this pleases me.  There isn't a single weak track on this whole album, and there are a few gems, like Bury Me and I Am One.  This is as timless as any great album there ever was, and I know that twenty years down the road, this one will definitely have a footnote in the history on modern music.
B0000019PA|5.0|Unlike anything else you've heard in the last 5 years, In The Aeroplane Over The Sea is truly a unique and exceptional record.  The songs basically come in two flavors with either the singer worrbeling and straining over an acoustic guitar or a full band, horn section included, blasting away.   The songs are only a little more depressing than they are up-lifting, pushing the boundries of pop music with chord progressions that leave the listener both confused but strangely satisfied.   By far the best part or at least the part which leaves the greatest impression, are the lyrics.  In the first song, arguable the best song, he croones, &quot;And Dad would think of all the different ways to die, each one a little more than he would dare to try.&quot;  I love this album and so will you, greedy American.
B00000253N|5.0|This album merits a 10, despite the braying &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; (for a throughly listenable version of this song, check &quot;The Basement Tapes&quot;).  Each song on &quot;Blood&quot; is a sparkling gem, with multiple facets to be explored with each subsequent listening.  Clearly Dylan's crowning achievement; his voice actually sounds *good*.
0440539811|5.0|Illuminatus! is more than a novel; it's a head trip, a philosophy course, a mirror, a funhouse; a work that should be read at least five times, because every journey through is a different trip.  Equal parts mock conspiracy story, detective novel, science fiction epic and hidden treatise, what you get out of it tells you more about yourself than about the authors.  On top of all that, it's just plain old damn funny.  Keep your eyes open for the parodies of James Joyce, Ayn Rand and Edgar Rice Burroughs, and avoid the fnords at all costs.<br />Whether you're nostalgic for the 60s or lost in the compassless haze of the 90s, you need to read this book, and get to know the philosophies of its authors.  There's more education between these covers than between the start and finish of any university, but it's all achieved painlessly and, by the end, you'll look at the world and yourself in a different way.<br />Finally, this is one of those rare books that has become less satire and more prediction in the twenty-three years since its publication.  What was once cynical wit is now sad documentary, and authors Wilson and Shea have nailed it.  Approach with an open mind, abandon all preconceptions ye who enter here -- and then read it again and be surprised all over as you realize it's a different book the second time around.  And the third.  And the fourth.  And the... well, you know...
0060801263|5.0|I'm not one to gush, but I consider this one of the finest books ever written.  I've read a decent percentage of the &quot;great books&quot; and &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; deserves to be on the list.<br />It can be read and enjoyed by young people, but so can &quot;Huckleberry Finn.&quot;  Like &quot;Huck Finn,&quot; this book is even more rewarding to the adult reader.  <br />I read it for the first time at age 47 and was blown away.  The characters, even the minor ones, truly leap out from the page, they're so real. The writing is seemingly effortless (which we all know is the hardest thing to do!); nearly every word is perfect. The insights into human relations and human pscyhology are startling and profound.<br />The book is also incredibly modern. Published in 1943, describing life in the 1910's, yet, like any true classic, the dilemmas are timeless and the author's viewpoint, especially about women, speaks to us powerfully even today.<br />Among its many strengths, &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn&quot; is a completely truthful portrait of the effect of alcoholism on a family.  It also tells us about how poverty really affects people and about the immigrant experience.<br />I can't speak to how men will respond to this book, but I believe that any woman of any age will be thrilled by it.  <br />Don't miss it.  And if you read it as a teenager, read it again and rediscover one of the greatest books of 20th century American literature.
B000001ED1|5.0|I love this CD!  I bought Relish when it first came out in '95 and I still listen to it regularly without getting tired of it.  &quot;Spider Web&quot; is an especially great song.  Joan Osborne is an incredibly gifted singer.  Singing live - she's one of the best!  I just wish she'd put out another CD soon.
B000002KC5|5.0|Randy Newman is in a class of his own.  &quot;Good Old Boys&quot; is actually a concept album, focusing on the racial attitudes and crooked politics of the Southeast U.S.  There are a few tender ballads, too, including &quot;Marie&quot; and &quot;Rollin'&quot;  You'll marvel at the depth of Newman's satire and characterizations each time you listen to this album. Get it, you won't be sorry.
B000005AYM|5.0|Her songs are so cool and creative! I put her up there with Bonnie Raitt and Joni Mitchell (how different!).
B000002LEE|5.0|I don't give 10's out to many albums, but this one deserves it.  Every musician in the group knew their part and were totally keyed in to each other.  Perry the poet and social commentator is on the scene, a genius. Eric Avery on bass is the master of simplicity, Dave on guitar rips it up and S. Perkins keeps the tribal war drums beating.  A band with a statement to make.
B000002KB8|5.0|BLACK SABBATH HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE GREATEST BANDS THIS HAS GOT TO BE ONE OF THE HOTTEST FIRST ALBUMS OF A BAND.  ITS HARD AND HEAVY IT BLEW ME AWAY THE FIRST TIME I HEARD IT AND EVERY OTHER TIME I HEAR IT.
B000003CKH|4.0|No one would ever mistake Cake for &quot;the next Beatles&quot;; their music is not deep, but it is fun, and their lyrics are at times a crack-up.  They do a great remake of &quot;I Will Survive,&quot; and &quot;Italian Leather Sofa&quot; invokes obscene imagery that would make Frank Zappa grin, rest his soul.  Bottom line: a goofy band that is musically competent and willing to take chances.
006017322X|5.0|I first read this book in 9th grade.  I am now a Junior in college and it is still my favorite book.  I fell in love with the characters; Scout and Jem.  It is a beautiful story that reminds us of how judging people by what they do or how they look is not always accurate.  A great book to introduce disabilites to older children and teach about racism.  It is never to early to teach these lessons.
B000000WF0|3.0|I bought the CD for &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; and crossed my fingers on the other 12 tracks.  As I feared, they are entirely forgettable. The liner notes help explain why: &quot;Bittersweet Symphony&quot; was written by by Mick Jagger/Keith Richards.  Aha...
B000002J1S|5.0|The Lamb Lies Down On Broadway is one of the finest examples of concept album music ever produced.  Stunningly visual, Peter Gabriel's tale of a boy trying to get home, is moving, exhilirating and unique in its sonic quality.  Along with Yes' Tales From Topographic Oceans-- The Who's, Quadorphenia and ELP's, Works, its place in history is undeniable.  This is not the Genesis of Phil Collins and his pop sensibility.
B000002H8F|3.0|I'm not sure how it was possible that the Pixies made a Pixies album, with Pixies songs &amp; Pixies themes, but at the same time made an album so average and lackluster.  Maybe it's like the way the Sonics play in the third quarter after being ahead by 20 at half time.<br />This is the followup to the brilliant 'Doolittle', though you'd never be able to tell.  The only song worth saving is 'Allsion', and you can now get a great live version of that on 'Death to the Pixies'.  My advice:  skip 'Bossonova' and head straight to the album they wanted to make when recording this one -- the incredible 'Trompe Le Monde'.
0553573411|5.0|Yeah, this book was good - not as good as the first, which I absolutely hated at first, the reread and fell in love with, but it definitely makes you think.  It confuses you, plays with your head, and draws you in.  And just wait... if you loved this book, but thought the ending sucked, just wait 'til the next one.  I threw the thing up against the wall, I was so mad.  Even though the endings to the books suck bigtime, however, they are wonderful books - it's just a love/hate relationship.  Sadly, though... deep down in your heart, no matter how much you wish it to be otherwise... the endings are fundamentally RIGHT and totally consistent with the character.  So, read it and enjoy it.  But whatever you do, don't blame the author for the ending, blame the Fitz.
B000001FT2|5.0|I guess grace jones is not for everybody but if you love music and are willing to experiment a bid im sure you will find this cd worth your time and money. Grace jones is more than a musical adventureur, she combines so much to this music with her looks and attidute and that voice. Im sure she had alot of fun making this record, the jamaican reggee, new wave pop rock is kick'in and too listen to this record almost 19 years later it still sound ahead of its time, like grace.
B000002IM7|5.0|Thoughtful lyrics... harmonies to die for... all in a rock format...<br />Their is so much to their lyrics, and so much to their musical style. After hearing this CD, pick up C. S. Lewis's &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot;... see where they get the name of their album (and perhaps some inspirition for their next album).
0385470819|5.0|This is Grisham's all-time best written book! If justice was served up more in this manner, crime would decrease drastically. We can all take a lesson about crime and racism from this book.
B000002568|5.0|It is difficult to say too many good things about the music on this CD. Certainly bass players, as well as all musicians, will be amazed upon their first (and subsequent) listenings to this CD.  I also expect the casual listener to be mesmerized by the beauty, grace, power, and emotion in Jaco's music. This is a nice collection of a variety of Jaco's styles, from the funky groove of &quot;Come On, Come Over&quot; (with Sam and Dave on vocals), to echoes of Calypso on &quot;Opus Pocus&quot;, and a wonderful duet with percussionist Don Alias on Charlie Parker's &quot;Donna Lee&quot;. Bassists in particular will be fascinated with Jaco's use of harmonics in his original tune &quot;Portrait of Tracy&quot;, recorded solo, without overdubs. Highly recommended; the perfect &quot;starter&quot; for newcomers to Jaco. Guests include: Sam and Dave, Don Alias, Herbie Hancock, Michael Brecker, others.
0517122707|5.0|I first picked up this book in college and have reread it countless times (at least 10) - usually about once a year.  It is, without a doubt, the funniest, craziest, nuttiest, most wonderful book I have ever read.  The characters are truly unique and the storyline is impossible to describe because it is so ingenious.  Anyone who reads this book and doesn't get a kick out of it either has (1) no sense of humor; (2) no appreciation or recognition of a great masterpiece; (3) no sense of awe at what the human mind is capable of rendering.  A stupendous achievement!
0684830485|3.0|Hemingway falls short with FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. The writing is suprisingly clumsy, and the characters contrivances. (Incidentally, why do Hemingway's heroes alway want their women to cut their hair &quot;like boys,&quot; as Jordan wants his lover to in TOLLS??? In at least one Hemingway short story, the female lover cuts her hair like a boy to please her man; in THE GARDEN OF EDEN both women cut their hair like boys to please the man; in A FAREWELL TO ARMS, Catherine Barkely cuts her hair like a boy to please Frederick Henry. What's the deal??? One could make some rather interesting conclusions about Hemingway himself while pondering this recurring detail in his work!!!) Anway, about TOLLS, F. Scott Fitzgerald said it had &quot;all the profundity of REBECCA&quot; (a famously sleight novel). I think Fitzgerald sums TOLLS up well.
0060977493|1.0|I got so bogged down trying to figure who was who and where was where and when was when that I never did get into this book.  As soon as I thought the book was going somewhere, or I was relating to a character, the time or place or character changed.  The description was over done, and the incomplete sentences and capital letters spread pell mell throughout were annoying.   There were too many instances of violence, vulgarity, abuse, and I really don't think we need to know who goes to the bathroom where, when, how, why . . . so often.  The only reason I finished it was because it was a gift.  I am amazed at how many great reviews this book got.
0684833395|5.0|This book simply rocks. Philosophy aside, this book is just damned funny; I cracked up every time I read about Major Major Major, and the ridiculous details of Milo's financial exploits sent me rolling with laughter. The only problem I found with this book was Heller's verbosity (thats a word, right?) ... some of the chapters made me want to just put the book down. (The good thing about this is that I learned a bunch of cool words) I would reccomend this book to anyone who has a good sense of humor..
0446605409|1.0|I've never read one of this yahoos books until now, and believe me, I won't spend another dime on his drivel. I lost count how many times this guy wrote either &quot;whatever&quot; or &quot;something or other&quot; throughout the first 200 pages (I put it down after that, anyone want my copy?). This had the makings of a good read, but his disjointed writing style and first person narrative was too much to take. I, like most people, appreciate humor in one's writing. However, his attempt at humor seemed to be forced and a bit too frequent. It became harder and harder to turn a page with any enthusiasm. Save your money on this &quot;effort&quot; or whatever it's called (please note the irony).
0783880812|5.0|This is the first book I ever read.  At or about age four, my father (an english teacher) read it with me.  I give a lot of credit to Richard Adams and his novel (and my dad, of course); he gave me a benchmark with which to compare fiction.  This is a story with many levels, and I'd suggest it for MATURE readers of any age.  It's a story of a group of rabbits that escape certain death when their warren is destroyed by a land developer.  They set out across the english countryside in search of the promised land.  Fiver, the runt of the litter, and his friend Hazel organize a midnight escape when the chief rabbit ignores Fiver's premonitions of doom.  With Bigwig, a brave and powerful veteran of the warren's &quot;police&quot; team, Hazel's gift of leadership, Fiver's insight, even a sarcastic seagull named Keehar, and others, they pursue a dream.  There are analogs here of Nazi Germany and Communist Russia. Mr. Adams paints quite a picture here; common places and things assume different, often darker qualities when viewed from just 4 inches off the ground.   Of course, Watership Down is a place that really exists.  During a recent trip to England, my dad finally had a chance to visit Watership Down.  He was taken by the site, and says it looks much like he'd imagined it, only better.   Anybody that says they didn't like this book must either be very shallow, or extremely attention deficient.I've read this book well over 20 times, and I STILL can't put it down.  If you HAVE read this book, then read THE PRIVATE LIFE OF THE RABBIT.  It's the nonfiction/reference book Adams read to prepare for Watership Down.  He refers to it by name in his novel, and it's a very interesting follow-up read if you enjoyed Watership Down.  Also, don't miss out on his other novels, like The Plague Dogs, Traveller, and others.  The former is a tale of two dogs that escape from an animal research center.  The latter, the life and times of Traveller, the horse that General Robert E. Lee rodein the American Civil War, as told!  to a housecat by Traveller himself.  Civil War buffs will definitly get a kick out of Traveller's take on the war, and it's aftermath.  Watership Down is still my all time favorite book, hands down.  Give it a chance, and you will be mezmerized by a world you'll want to visit again and again, I promise.  Heck, someday I want to go to the real Watership Down myself.
B000002JSN|5.0|Hey man, if you ever feel like really chillin' out, put on the headphones, put on Physical Graffiti and sit back and enjoy the ride!<br />Classic rock at it's best.
B000000W9Z|4.0|As a long-time fan, listening to this album was above all a tremendous relief. The man is back on form again. Finally. There are lots of good tracks and a few bad ones, but on balance a very good album that I listen to a lot.
0060977493|5.0|It has been said that the best storytellers are those that invent their own language. I agree totally with this, and feel that Roy's language was so beautiful, so artful in style that i kept turning the pages, intrigued, and wondering what other metaphors she could invent next. <br />The novel conjured up so vivid a sense of time and place, i doubt anyone can come close to Roy in this regard. <br />So unique and brilliant in so many aspects is &quot;The God of Small Things&quot;, it is hard to compliment all of them. The narrative allows the reader to get such an insight into the characters, it's amazing. <br />All in all, the best novel that i have read this year so far.
0671646788|5.0|This book helped me change my focus and think outside of my parameters!  I am sending it now as a gift to my brother hoping that he will enjoy it as much as I did!
B000002J6H|5.0|This is a mix of acoustic and electric musical cuts. I believe there is a song that Stills gets a hand from Jimi Hendricks as thay play an extended break together. His acoustic work, where it's just his guitar and one of a kind gritty gravel voice are what make this collection worthwhile to me. Just get this for 'Black Queen' alone ... I can't imagine anyone being disappointed.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna's most beautiful, captivating album in years! The songs on Ray of Light will take you on an emotional journey. She combines sophisticated dance tracks (Ray of Light, Nothing Really Matters) with gorgeous, emotional ballads (Frozen, The Power of Goodbye). This album, while a bit too intelligent and sophisticated to appeal to many individuals, may be just what Madonna needs to prove to the world what her fans have known since her fist album back in 1983: that she truly IS the greatest recording artist in history.
B000001ES4|5.0|When I first heard, Secret Garden, I was taken to a land where the mist surrounds the body in a cloak of forever.  Music that moves from the lilt of the voice of violins to the harp's memory of the ages.  A garden of lush music that captivates as it lifts and transports one to the edge of dream, a peace not found in life but in the mystical.
0385484518|5.0|Kudos to Morrie and Mitch.  The insight and wisdom from Morrie was truly inspirational.  Mitch described life in the 90's so succiently.  What track are we on?  Career? School? Marriage?  or Love?   &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot;  has  left us pondering our own journey and all those who have inspired and helped us to make it this far.
031218087X|3.0|I was very excited to start this novel, as it was billed as &quot;smart&quot; and &quot;real.&quot; I was hoping to finally read something that portrayed the world of software and computer security as it really is.<br />However, what I got was pretty much the standard Hollywood-style depiction of computers.  You know what I mean: user interfaces that consist of big, blinking words and accept commands like &quot;abort destruct sequence&quot;; computer viruses that somehow magically jump from data to code and start executing; network firewalls that have Atari Breakout (or Breakin, I guess) to display hackers on the attack.  Please.<br />But I can suspend disbelief.  After the first 30 or so glaring technical errors, I decided I *had* to if I wanted to finish the book.  The trouble is that Dan Brown apparently had some 14-year-old wannabe hacker as his technical advisor.  It seems like every other time Brown tries to make a real technical reference, it's slightly askew.  Like his constant reference to X-eleven.  Or a patronizing (but incorrect) description of Public-Key crypto systems.  Or referring to PGP as a cryptographic algorithm.<br />OK, I said I can suspend my disbelief. I did. What's left is a fine Ken Follett or Patrica Cornwell adventure. Until the climax, when the final answer is painfully obvious, and a room full of crypto-geniuses are standing around, and not figuring it out. This drags on for chapters, until you think Brown must have had some minimum page count to fulfill for the publisher. It certainly can't be intended to increase the suspense.<br />Despite all this, I couldn't help liking the story. Maybe it just appeals to my own vanity as a programmer. But I generally like Brown's style, and I definitely will buy his next book.  I just hope he gets some better technical support.
0891903313|5.0|One of the most known books all over the world, even one of the most readen, with more than one hundred traslations... but, does it mean everybody get the point? People used to think its just a very simple book, a tale for children... Never take things at their face value! In fact its easy to read, but not too easy to understand. What is the real message? Saint-Ex gave us the solution to all the problems with his `little masterpiece: &quot;what is essential is invisible to the eye&quot;. Wherever you are, thank you for the best advice Ive ever heared.
0800196341|5.0|The 1996 film &quot;Hamlet&quot; directed and starring Kenneth Branagh is by far the best film adaption of the play! Even though its 4 hours, you hardly notice it because of how much is going on. His acting job is superb, as are Julie Christies as Gertrude, Derek Jacobi's as Claudius, and Kate Winslet as Ophelia (a role much better than her overrated one in &quot;Titanic'). But what's really amazing is Kenneth Branagh's direction. He is such a genius and everyone involved with the movie should have gotten Oscars. Also, what I liked were the great visuals. Elsinore is so cool, especially the main hall with the mirrored doors and checkered floor. Plus he changes the play very subtlely, such as putting Claudius in a confessional for the praying scene or having him and Polonius watch Hamlet deliver the &quot;to be or not to be&quot; speech from a one-way mirror. I've heard Branagh say that he didn't want his movie to be gloomy and infatuated with death and deciet like the other films are. Instead it's a celebration of life and love, and adventure.     END
0553296981|5.0|Although this was a sad book, I think people should read it because it is about someone who lived during the Holocaust.  I think Anne was immature because she talked when she was not supposed to.  I think that she and her family were very brave to move to the office building and hide away.  I would like to see this made into a movie.
0385484518|5.0|This is a true story of a man's instructions for &quot;packing up&quot; (that which is important) before dying.  From that start, he makes it obvious that these lessons about dying are the same insights that make one's life vastly more fulfilling than when one pursues material rewards.<br />Reading this book reminded me of my commitment to &quot;be my monther&quot; one night in a time of personal crisis.  She had died of ALS (Morrie's killer), and I was struggling to reconcile my conflict between aggression and peace.  For a while I was able to &quot;be&quot; my loving and peaceful mother and let go of the conflict.  Albom's book renewed that insight in me.  I plan to re-read &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; whenever I feel myself slipping back into the aggressive, material dirven assumptions about life.  It always makes the world look more like the place where we want to live.
0893860220|5.0|Nothing I can say about this book could possibly do it justice.
0449227421|4.0|Well..Ken Follet is sure knowledgable about building cathedrals, and he shows his stuff about genetic engineering in The Third Twin.  The two books are set in totally different times about totally different things,and the manner with which he portrays his characters is so different too. They are not as cut and dry.The main plot is the search of human behaviour and its causility.But we are offered some reality in this sci-fi when we see the heroine's father,(his age catches up with his mean streak). Also, because of the confusion created by twins..no triplets..no 8 clones, the characters' real behaviour are vague. We are vague about this beacuse Steve Logan is in such a state of confusion and he is bewildered about where he comes from. But in the end when he finds himself, when he realises what makes Steve 'Steve', we also see the clarity of one point i.e. the way one was raised does make a difference..not only genes. Steve Logan is proof. This book is an easy read..you can finish it in a couple of days!
B000000WFF|5.0|Spiceworld is an awesome album.  All of the songs are upbeat, positive, and make you want to get up and DANCE!  The Spice Girls (although they aren't the greatest singers) know how to have fun, write good songs, and stand up for what's right --  GIRL POWER!!!!!!!!<br />SPICE GIRLS ARE GREAT!  GET THIS CD.  IT ROCKS!!!!!!!!!!
0062502182|3.0|This book is good, if not a little simple.  Unfortunatly I do not think that the content is that origianl.  The whole &quot;force&quot; thing and following your destiny seems to be off of star wars. Then the book seems a bit cheesy at times. How come 90 percent of the characters the kid meets know about this destiny, meaning of the universe stuff.  The kid also is too perfect.  He soes not make a mistake throughout the book.  It seems to me the characters are not the best I have seen.  The book seems a bit weighed down in self help jargon.  Many of the dialogues and thought traks make it seem like only a self help book.  I do not mean to sound too negative, the book is not bad and it does bring a sense of magic and intrigue to some of its mystical characters that makes it worth reading. This book does not seem to be letting you figure out its meaning, it shoves it down your throat much of the time, still it is not a bad book.
0553108034|5.0|This is by far the best fantasy book to hit the shelves ....I use to think Jordan was but I was very wrong. Bring out the next book fast but I hope it is just as thick or bigger than this one :o)  I feel sorry for Jordan and his WoT he lost track and Martin is Blowing him away. The way Martin brings the characters alive is breath taking .....so much so that I could not put it down once I piced it up. Read this GREAT BOOK
B000002VDW|5.0|I have had a copy of this album either on vinyl or cd for over 15 years now and listened to it countless times. It is truly a classic. Don't write the man off on the basis of elevator versions of Year of the Cat; heavy rock it may not be, but neither is it muzak. Just excellent, melodic and unpretentious music.
0898159156|5.0|THE SAVAGE GARDEN COMBINES SCIENCE, HISTORY, AND DOWNRIGHT ELEGANT WRITING; IT IS NOW THE NEW STANDARD IN THE FIELD. THE COLORS OF THE ILLUSTRATIONS ARE SUBTLE AND EYE-CATCHING. I RECOMMEND BUYING AN EXTRA FOR STORAGE; THE BOOK WILL ONE DAY BE VALUABLE AS A CLASSIC.
B000002LIX|5.0|This disc helped define alternative music as we know it today. Besides the runaway hit &quot;Been Caught Stealing,&quot; it features some of the most inspired music ever recorded. The upbeat tracks like &quot;Stop&quot; and &quot;No One's Leaving&quot; lend balance to the deeper &quot;Three Days&quot; and &quot;Classic Girl.&quot; A must-have for lovers of musical art.
0451169514|5.0|This book was so exciting I couldn't hardily put it down!! VERY horrifying story about a clown that scares 5 adults that were horrified by him in their childhoods.  Very moving and very scary!! Pennywise the clown comes to life in this most scariest King story ever!!
0399128964|5.0|I noticed the mixed (hah! that's an understatement) reviews in here and am therefore putting in my two cents. DUNE is a masterpiece. People who know why, I don't have to tell. But the complaints I want to address.<br />1. boring To each his own; but to understand Dune's complexity you have to be unfortunately aware of a lot of general knowledge. 1st of all, nothing in Dune is entirely fictional, not even the sandworms (though their size is, of course). The language is Arabic, Hebrew and occasionally Latin (aba, Shai-Hulud, Alia, Mahdi, and of course Jihad). When you realise the whole story is in reference to our existing history, you get more out of it.<br />2. pretentious Herbert is writing on many different levels; and remember this is a RELIGIOUS book, which is unusual even in sci-fi. He's writing a Bible in postmodernism. Look closely. Who is Paul? Who is Jessica? Why are the Bene Gesserit a 'sisterhood' of pseudo-priestesses? You don't write a Bible with Gary Larson.<br />3. cliched The point of reusing the old formulas was to take those same formulas to a higher level. The story isn't about monarchies, space, aliens, drugs or mind manipulation. It's about how people can mistake another ordinary man for a god - and how he actually DOES become one. Again - it's the Bible in 10 191.<br />Look beyond your noses, folks. Don't read it once and pan it. You're missing out on a lot if you do.
0451160916|5.0|This book is the BEST book King has ever written!!  I love the story about a young boy with a special power, &quot;The Shining&quot;, that can see into the future!! I especially loved the part when he saw murder written backwards, &quot;REDRUM&quot;, very EXCITING!!  A King CLASSIC!!!
0425152251|4.0|I can imagine Mr. Gaarder is or would be a fine philosophy teacher, and the history of philosophy contained in the book was very interesting and informative if, like me, when people say &quot;Let's talk about Kant&quot; you say &quot;OK, I can't fly&quot;. However, the story is quite weak for anybody over the age of 14-16. On the one hand I think 14-year old would find some of the philosophy a bit much, whereas someone slightly older would find the story too childish. A nice index in the back, though, for the next time I have to crib my way through a conversation about Kant!
0451169514|5.0|I love this book! It makes it sound so real! The movie wasn't that bad either!
0684830515|5.0|Words fail me when I try to describe the heart wrenching irony of this masterpiece.  Thank the Gods we had the likes of Hemingway and Fitzgerald to paint feelings with words and spin tales that leave us fuller for having read them.
0671004611|1.0|After buying a book, it goes into my library.  This is one book that did not make the grade. It went into the trash. The gall of this author to credit alien science, rather than the ingenuity and hard work of government and industrial scientists and engineers, for certain advancements in electronics and physics, made me very angry.  I had been involved as an observer during the development of most of what Corso credited to alien science.  Touted as non-fiction, my description of this book is that it is a pile of words, demented fantasy, and deliberate lies.
0451169514|5.0|Stephen King wrote on the back of &quot;Pet Semetary&quot; that even he was scared by &quot;Pet Semetary&quot;.. that did not even compare to &quot;It.&quot;  &quot;It&quot; moved me so much that even the music I listened to at the time I read it reminds me of the book and the feelings that went along with that.  It still scares me to death.  King is known more of just a horror writer rather than a GOOD writer- but there's more to this book than just horror.  The development of the plot, the way the layers of characters are peeled back, and just the general flavor of the book- it's amazing.
1563523302|5.0|I was very happy to see so many good reviews of this book.  I had Prof. Danko in college (Marketing) and bought the book out of curiosity.  The book was just as wonderful as Prof. Danko's classes.  Now I look at all my neighbors and friends and try to determine who are the ones with $1 million in the bank.  I am unfortunately a spender and will now try to change my ways.
B000002NJS|3.0|This cd must be digested before  you can enjoy it after that you're  tired of it.  Not her best at  all!! Sorry Madonna but I liked  your sex days better.
B000004727|5.0|Siroco is a must buy for any de Lucia fan and definitely, any flamenco fan.  De Lucia takes traditional flamenco to another level in this CD. His genius is respecting the compas of each flamenco rhythm on this CD while embellishing it with a more &quot;contemporary sound.&quot;  Well worth it at any price.  Ele!
B00000612G|1.0|Richie should stick to playig the  guitar!! This cd is boring, and  really has no catchy beats at all.  Don't waste your time and money on this one.
B000006045|3.0|Blue Lines had power.  Protection was much more mellow.  Mezzanine has furthered the progression to the point of dullness.  No standout songs on this CD.  I'll listen to it but not like the first two CDs.
0684800713|4.0|I was recommended this book because I had experienced the Fiesta de San Fermin in Pamplona myself.  And there's no doubt, Hemingway really captured the experience.  Hemingway is a master craftsman, an innovator, a wonderful wordsmith.  He can create an entire scene in your mind or make your mouth water just in his short little sentences.  His terse prose conveys perfectly the daze in which the &quot;Lost Generation&quot; lived  But to be perfectly honest, all that being said, nothing much happens in this book.<br />   This may be the point.  In fact, I'm sure it is, being that he wants to convey a group of people with empty lives.  And I'm sure the book will go down in literary history as a great work.  But I couldn't give The Sun Also Rises the highest ranking, because quite simply, there are books that are more fun to read.  Books that you don't simply appreciate, like I did this one, but books that you leave and breathe, becoming completely absorbed into the world and events that the author has created.  For all its merits, and there are many, The Sun Also Rises was a book that I COULD put down.
0385484518|5.0|We were assigned this book as summer reading for the Moral Development program at my school.  I figured I wouldn't like it at first, considering I never read the Free Press and I don't care for the sports section in any newspaper, but on my advisor's recommendation I went out and bought the book anyway.<br />I was wrong.  It was the best book I've read in years... mostly because I know someone very like Morrie.<br />(Digression ahead; reader discretion advised.)<br />As I was reading through the other reviews on this site, I noticed one that said &quot;there are no Morries.&quot;  I can personally guarantee this is not true.  I know quite a few, and I find it very ironic that every one of them is someone you have to go out of your way to get to know:  the teacher nobody likes because &quot;she's mean&quot; or &quot;his class is too hard&quot;, the person everybody calls &quot;oh, that goofball&quot;, the person nobody bothers to get to know.<br />I think (just my two cents here, take it or leave it) that if you spend time seeking out these kinds of people, you'll find plenty of Morries.  Until then, read the book and take the real Morrie's advice.  He's got a few good points for us all.
0679777547|5.0|This ranks up there with Auster's New York trilogy,  and Kerr's Berlin trilogy. This is a mystery that I will not forget.
0131103628|5.0|Will be traced to the development of the C programming language by K&amp;R.  Who needed type-checking?  Who needed safety?  Who needed clarity or maintainability?<br />For a complete description of this time-bomb read this book.
B000002J1S|5.0|Wanna listen a contemporary symphony? Yes those guys &quot;were&quot; Mozart of the 20'th century until the &quot;Duke&quot; album. Lamb is the most intelligent album of'em. I strongly recommend supper's ready in Foxtrot album too.
0440217563|5.0|Every one of the books in this series is a winner.  Voyager is especially good.  The story moves along at a brisk pace, never lagging, as is often the case in books of this length.  At one point in this story, two of the characters are discussing a book they both read which was of considerable length.  One of the characters, wondering if the book could have been shortened, says, &quot;Each character is most carefully considered, and all the incidents chosen seem necessary to the story&quot;.  This could also be said of Ms. Gabaldon's books.  Each is a long, satisfying, wonderful read.
038542471X|5.0|I think that John Grisham is the best writer alive.  I have read almost all of his books, and the ones I haven't read, I have in my bookshelf ready to be read.  Everytime I finish one, I start on another the same day.  The client is the second best one I have read so far, next to the firm.  they were both excelent plots with excelent characters!!
0679442790|4.0|I actually just got done with the German version of the book--I'm studying for Ph.D. in German right now--but I like it enough to get my wife an English language version, and some basic comparisons show that the translator stayed close to the original. I'm Jewish, so I get the question a lot asking me how I feel about learning the language of a people that worked pretty damned hard to get rid of my people. I usually say that it's a generational thing, that today's German's just aren't the same as their father's germans, any more than we Americans were the ones who held slaves. It's a different mindset, a different Weltanschauung. Someday our descendants may wonder how we living today ever enslaved sensitive, feeling beings... our pets! Who knows. Michael and Hanna stand on opposite cusps of the Teutonic generations; she did what she did not because of her special issues, but because she is, unapologetically, who she is and was during the Nazi times. I saw her as emblematic of the old; Michael is painfully young, then painfully desensitized as he grows, but he still couldn't do what she did. Thank god. World Wars aren't fun.
B000001EAQ|5.0|More like Achtung Baby or Zooropa than Joshua Tree, U2 has again shown that their ability to write songs and _perform_ is independent of their particular style. This album has a modern, techno sound that grows on you, yet has tracks that would fit just as well on Joshua Tree or War.  The best of U2, but with a new sound.  For proof, check out the lyrics of &quot;Playboy Mansion&quot;, &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot;, or &quot;Wake Up Dead Man.&quot;  It's still U2 at its best, and few fans will be disappointed.
0671004107|5.0|A top rating (10) is something that should be reserved and only used for something special and excellent in every respect. Contact deserves a 100. I recommend the book and the movie both. It is hard to imagine anything better!!
B000003TAR|4.0|In Utero is a great CD.  Some standouts are Heart-Shaped Box, Milk It, All Apologies, Rape Me, and Serve the Servants.  This CD has a lot of power and is definitely one of Nirvana's best albums.  It is filled with raw emotions.
B000003S5H|4.0|i bought this cd after hearing a short snippet of &quot;sexy boy&quot;, which i loved immediately-- the rest of the album is even better.  really chill music, kind of spacey.
006016848X|2.0|Deborah Tannen's books are superior.  I sensed a &quot;There, there little woman&quot; attitude that made my teeth hurt.  The differences in communciation style, though helpful to adolescents, could have been set out in one chapter.
0345350499|5.0|I love this book. I am particulary impressed with the depth of the main characters. To hear their thoughts; to feel their pain and joy; to see what they see. This is a magical book, regardless of the inconsistency of history. It is a beautiful piece of literature. I will recommend it for years.
0790729644|5.0|This may be the best western ever made. It captures the cowboy spirit like nothing since &quot;Lonesome Dave.&quot; The &quot;new&quot; Clint Eastwood (introspective, mortal, even compassionate) is making great movies, and this is one of the best.  END
0440224764|5.0|After reading &quot;The Client&quot; and &quot;The Firm&quot; I decided John Grisham was not my cup of tea. He was just a lawyer who got literary lucky and would never again have to exercise his more often than not boring profession.<br />&quot;A Time To Kill&quot; (still my all-time favourite Grisham) changed my mind; the fact that a director like Coppola would spend his time on &quot;Rainmaker&quot; made me read that one, too. It was good.<br />&quot;The Partner&quot; is great. The &quot;lawyer Grisham&quot; has grown to be the &quot;writer Grisham&quot;. The simplicity of it's plot and the masterful interweaving of it's development and characters are matched only by it's ominous and disturbing ending.<br />A pleasant thought occurred to me: it feels as if, through the sentences of the new Grisham, the writer I miss a lot was back: Graham Greene.
0812550706|5.0|I scrolled down fairly far, but never saw a review that satisfied my reasons for loving this book.  Also, I think my review could help explain why some people don't enjoy this one.<br />This book is not so much an exciting sci-fi story as it is a psychological thriller in a sci-fi setting.  It starts out fairly typical, but as the story goes on and on, you see how Ender and others suffer in their unique situation, and in the end, it is the *characters* that stand out.  And, by the way, no, almost no six year-olds are anywhere near this smart, but that's part of the point: all of Ender's intelligence is supposed to come out of him at this young age, and it's crippling him psychologically.<br />So why didn't some people like it?  Well, the set-up, in and of itself isn't very orginal at all.  What's original is the way it is presented, and brilliance in showing the mental breakdown of Ender Wiggin.  Those who do not care about this element so much as a gripping, twisting storyline will be greatly disappointed, and think that this book was just another typical book.<br />Incidentally, if you don't like Orson Scott Card, that should be okay, since I have found I don't either for the most part.  My findings have been that I like a few of his books (which I think are brilliant), and others are just weird, and difficult to follow.  I only give this book a &quot;9&quot; because, as was said, the ending is kind of abrupt.
0679416781|4.0|The English Patient is simply a beautifully written novel. The love and romance is presented with powerful imagery and poetic language. Unfortunately, the storyline is quite difficult to follow and sometimes the poeticism of the prose becomes overwhelming. However, for readers who enjoy reading a novel purely for its aesthetic value will find The English Patient highly enticing.
0812550757|5.0|I didn't like it that much at first, but the second half really picked up.  Then it gets REALLY good.  Much better than Ender's Game, and the 2nd best in the entire Ender Quartet (second to Xenocide)
0312954468|5.0|Wilbur Smith has created one of the most interesting takes on ancient Egypt that would delight everyone from a child to a non-reader.  I loved his style and there was NEVER a dull moment.  The slave Taita is rather unbelievable but I didn't read the book for a perfect character.  I want something that holds my interest and this does it.  In the book you have good versus evil, adventure, history, plots, treasure - its all there!  I only wish the book was longer.  I finished in a few days on vacation and wanted MORE!
B000002NHN|5.0|This CD evokes so many exotic moods that it's hard  to be specific as to which track(s) I most enjoy..but probably The Mummer's Dance and Marco Polo.  I think if I recommend Loreena McKennitt to one more person, I am going to start asking her for royalties.  Sorry I missed her recent concert at Radio City in New York.  I heard that it was wonderful.
B000002NFM|5.0|This is by far the most imaginative combination of Techno and another music genre, in this case good old Punk, as of yet.  Heavy beats intertwined with harsh guitar riffs and haunting vocals.  With this latest effort from Prodigy, Techno has taken a new direction.  Are you ready for more?
0812550706|3.0|My friends are all totally obsessed with this book, and after reading it I must say I was sorely disappointed.  Sure, parts of it were engrossing, and the surprise ending was somewhat interesting, but as a whole it just isn't that appealling.  With the exception of Valentine and one or two of Ender's friends, none of the characters are in any way likeable (including Ender).  Don't lose heart though, the 3 sequels are FAR superior! (Xenocide is UNBELIEVABLY good).  I suggest reading it simply so the sequels will make more sense
1881273563|5.0|Gary Chapman has hit the nail on the head with this one!  This is simply one of the best relationship books ever written.  Both my wife and I read the book and completed the action items, and it has helped our marriage immensely. Chapman's insight into how to keep your partner's &quot;love tank&quot; full is innovative and practical.  The book is written in easy to read chapters, and Chapman cites his work with other couples to illustrate specific points.  By doing so, he gives the reader a &quot;real world&quot; examples of how understanding your partner's love language will strengthen your relationship and open communication.  The reader can easily relate to these examples and identify with their challenges, and subsequent victories.  My wife and I recommend this book to every couple we know, whether their relationship is good, bad or other.  This book can be a marriage-saver.
006016848X|3.0|This books does an excellent job of explaining why  Men act like such jerks and feel totally OK about their behavior and why women put up with it for so long before they finally snap.  However, there is no advise for women in this other than being a doormat isn't enough, you need must also be a cheerful, sincere doormat.
0553573403|5.0|I started this book over three months ago, picking it up and putting it down every twenty pages or so every few days. It was slow to start and didn't really grab me. Finally by about page 150 I was hooked and read straight through to the end. A refreshing non-linear plot, with ample yet logical twists and characters that stay in character. Wow. I've seen readers complain of the rape -n- pillage -n- obsenity as a detractor. Well, welcome to the middle ages. Unlike Goodkinds books the unsavory aspects in the book have a logical place and are not merely cheap shock ploys on the part of the author.<br />Martin has just climbed to the top of my favorites list.
0670880728|3.0|I had really looked forward to reading this book, but I found it full of tired cliches and stereotypes. I'm a thirty-something &quot;singleton&quot; myself, but found little to identify with even though I face the same issues. It wasn't  nearly as funny as I expected.
B0000062S0|3.0|To expect this recording to be Led Zeppelin would be a mistake.  Robert and Jimmy where smart enough not to attempt to release new material under that hallowed name.  However, they also couldn't resist toying with their fans by placing their famous Zeppelin &quot;ZoSo&quot; symbol on the inside of the CD case.  It didn't work. I warn anyone with the hopeful illusion that this CD somehow continues Led Zepplelin's career to give that idea up before you buy it, or you will be disappointed.  You may be dissapointed anyway.  This is a mellow record.  Not that mellow is bad,  but to have to wait 8 tracks in before Page unleashes a scorching gutair solo (on the decent title cut) is awfully mellow.  There are moments, particularly on the opening cut, Shining in the Light, when mellowness and blast of sonic power are set against one another, which creates the kind of texture and structure on which Page created his finest works.  But those kind of moments are few.  You get lulled into a slumber but the wake up bell never really seems to come.  It compares to traveling through a deep vally in order to get to a few long-awaited peaks.
0446364495|5.0|This is one of the most intense stories I have ever read.  Don't let the small size fool you.  The book is chock full of real-life emotions.  I never cry at movies or stories I've read, but I have to admit--I felt like a fool reading the book on the subway with tears streaming down my face.  It's a realistic story about realistic people.  It conveys the feelings we've all felt at some time, and it will touch the hearts of anyone who reads it.
0679457313|5.0|I've never read a book so interesting before, she made English so interesting adding in Asian culture to her book. What I like is her planning, the entire book is filled with language you do not read everday, it's so intereting. She makes English, that's why it's so good. What I like is about different witty remarks or names she invented. For example: Orange Drink Lemon Drink Man, Ammukutty, Ambassodor E. Pelvis. All this aren't seen in any other book but her book of daily live, that's is what makes it so lively and interesting.
B000003NA4|5.0|Love Scenes are exactly that. Diana Krall has a way with a song that makes me want to dance, make love, meditate, sit and think of the most wonderful times I have ever had. I can't wait for her new CD so I can fill my entire disc changer with her music.
B000002TQB|5.0|If you're not familiar with Blur...well...where have you been?  Parklife is their best album--hands down!   If you love the Kinks, the Who, the Specials--go no further.  A wonderful sound; theatrical, romantic--but this baby rocks! Put this in your classic collection.  A+
0449002632|5.0|As a frequent traveller to London, I picked up Rutherford's work in hopes of understanding the city a bit. I was pleasantly surprised that it was not just the story of a city as seen through the eyes of the upper class (as a lot of history is). But rather I was given a feel for different facets of the city as seen through the eyes of members of all social classes. Some of the characters were thin on depth, but this is to be expected when covering 2000 years of history. I ended up with a feel for the flow of time through this marvelous city that has shaped it into what it is today. And there is enough detail that I am left with the feeling that I was there when it all happened. Not quite as good as Sarum, but still first rate.
B000002J0N|5.0|Many of today's pop artists release albums that have one or two &quot;surefire hits&quot; (i.e., the songs sound just like all the other tunes on the radio), while the rest of the tracks can most charitably be described as &quot;filler&quot; (same stuff school cafeterias use in &quot;mystery meatloaf&quot;). There isn't any &quot;filler&quot; on &quot;CSN&quot;; every song here is exquisitely crafted to showcase the vocal harmonies that have made Crosby, Stills, and Nash a perennial favorite.  The most popular song on the album is the rather lightweight &quot;Just A Song Before I Go&quot;, but what really distinguishes this album from many of its late-1970s contemporaries is that all of the songs are heartfelt meditations on love.  On songs such as &quot;See the Changes&quot; and &quot;Dark Star&quot;, these mature pop artists write about real relationships, not about adolescent infatuation; they are fighting a battle against the erosion of their love over time. The sequence of the songs is, well, perfect--this is one of the albums in my extensive '70s collection that I do NOT remix, because there is a masterfully-crafted progression of feeling.  The metaphor for this album (and one intended by CSN themselves) is that of a voyage (hence the cover photo of the three guys hanging out on a sailboat at sea):  the songs move us through space and time in an almost physical way, building to the only &quot;rock&quot; song on the album, the &quot;pounding piano&quot; crescendo of &quot;I Give You Give Blind&quot;. The only song that seems an anomaly here is &quot;Cathedral&quot;, in which CSN express their alientation from God in general and Christianity in particular, but the song actually fits in with the theme of the album of love as the one true faith, the redemptive force that is the only thing that invests life with meaning (whew). &quot;CSN&quot; stands alongside Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Dreams&quot; and Springsteen's &quot;Darkness on the Edge of Town&quot; as one of the few bright spots of the mid- to ! late 1970s pop music scene. (O.K., &quot;Hotel California&quot; gets a mention, too.)  All of these albums work as a whole, each song intertwined with the other, because they share a common theme, a common feeling of sadness that was the yin to disco music's mindless &quot;feel good&quot; yang.
B000000W6X|5.0|I should hate this album. So coool, so refined, so gloriously melancholy <BR> But listen to the electronics so pungently dark, and contrasting with the sweet vocals or the laid back rap.<BR> The album is pure craft, like regency chair with a seat of nails <BR> In a way this is the birth of something new. I'd have to say the best album of the last five years<br /> damn.
0670880728|2.0|Well, it seems everyone has become captivated with Bridget Jones. Everyone except me.  Feilding's novel (and I use that term loosely) is stale, pedantic and as deep as a shoehorn.  It is obvious that Feilding has a great ear for dialgue, and she certantly is capable of having insight into the battle of the sexes, but at what cost? &quot;Bridget Jones' Diary&quot; adds up to nothing; a year in the life of Miss Jones is nowhere near as exciting as a day of your own. What's lacking is immediacy; sure, Miss Jones could be the British &quot;Ally McBeal&quot;, but there is a subtle distinction to be made: Ally is &quot;everywoman&quot;, but she's got edge.  Bridget Jones has neither an active imaginary life (a la McBeal), nor any edge whatsoever. I very much wanted to love this novel; nothing sounds as appealing to me as a witty, well-written &quot;diary&quot;. This, however, wasn't it.
B000006OAM|5.0|This CD is so well orchestrated and full of soulful feelings that I found myself listening to it over and over again.  I don't not always like albums on the first listening, but this one I did. The last song Ophelia (reprise) gave me chills the first time I listened to it.  I also enjoyed the vocals of N'dea Davenport and Karen Peris they complimented Natalie's voice and the songs very well.  <br />As the song Kind &amp; Generous goes...I want to Thank you, Thank you, Thank you, Thank you...Natalie Merchant for sharing with us such a powerful and moving album.
0312932081|5.0|When I read the reviews, I was surprised (delighted, even) to see how many kids (anyone under 18 is a kid; no insult intended) enjoyed this first book in Card's Ender series.        Despite all the glowing reviews, I feel compelled to say that this book is not just about kids or for kids.  This is a story about the very best and the very worst in us.  Our children are often our best teachers, and this novel is proof positive of that.        For the record, I am not a kid.  I am also a Star Trek fan and a lover of &quot;real&quot; literature (since I know there are a number of SF detractors out there).  Keep up the good writing and reading!
B000002HEM|5.0|I think that in this performance for MTv Ms. Merchant lets her personality really shine through and solidly puts her stamp on each song.  The mix of songs is excellant and Natalie's voice is divine as usual.  From the catchy These are the Days and Candy Everybody Wants to the ecletic Eat for Two this album is first rate.  Ms. Merchants unique voice and elegant style rein supreme on this effort.  A must have CD for any Merchant or Maniacs fan.
0767803434|5.0|When I saw &quot;Air Force One&quot; in the theater, I remember distinctly the movie gripping hold of me (when the plane was taken over) and not letting go until the very end.  While not as intense the second time around, &quot;Air Force One&quot; on DVD doesn't disappoint.  There are plenty of points in the movie that left me squirming in my seat.  The movie isn't perfect as a movie: the opening scene is way too violent (and glorified at the same time) and towards the end, where the VP rips up the paper authorizing her to take power (I liked it but most people probably don't think on such a symbolic level), the movie fizzles a bit.  But as far as being entertaining, &quot;Air Force One&quot; is by far the very best.     END
B000006OAM|5.0|I love the cd by Natalie Merchant!! The songs are so catchy and sweet.  &quot;Kind And Generous&quot;, her first single from the disc is very pretty and catchy!! Natalie end the cd by singing an old gospel hymn &quot;When They Ring Those Golden Bells&quot; and she does a great version of it too.  I still liked her better in the 10,000 Maniacs but the new cd is much better than her first solo cd was.
B000002BSG|2.0|I wanted to like this album, and even tried to convince myself that I would just get used to it.  But let's face it.  The album just does not live up to Virtual Insanity, the only song on the album worth getting.  Just save your money and get the single.
B000006NPY|3.0|This new cd by The Smashing  Pumpkins is very different from  anything they've done before.   However half of the cd is quiet  slow and boring the other half has  good potental.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is the first jazz album I ever heard,shortly after it's release. It remains,to this day,the consumate example of what jazz exemplifies,to me. I love this album so much that I have it on vinyl,casette tape,reel-to-reel tape and two cd versions (original and 20-bit remastered version). As a drummer and former jazz radio person, I have been asked this question many times;&quot;if you could only have one jazz album,what would it be?&quot; My immediate response has always been &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;. I personally feel that this album epitomizes Miles Davis creative spirit better than any other recording he made, and I've heard most of them. It's timeless! From the unyielding groove of &quot;So What&quot; to the hauntingly beautiful ballad &quot;Blue in Green&quot; Miles and friends recorded some extraordinary musical moments. Buying &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; for your collection or as a gift to &quot;turn on&quot; a friend to jazz is a &quot;no-brainer&quot;. Just do it!
B000002ULO|3.0|Not quite the Return To Form we were all promised.  Some of the good tracks are surprisingly strong - &quot;Song We Were Singing&quot;, &quot;Great Day&quot;, &quot;Flaming Pie&quot;, and &quot;The World Tonight&quot; indicate that Sir Paul still has the knack to craft some quality tunes when he wants to.  Too much of &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; is unfocused such as the dwalding &quot;Really Loves You&quot;, the languid &quot;Heaven On a Sunday&quot;, and most criminally, &quot;Beautiful Night&quot; in which we listen to McCartney throw away a quality tune on stupid lyrics and a jokey up-tempo ending. &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; demonstrates that McCartney might be recovering some of his better pop sensibilities but that he's still in thrall of his excesses.
0140430350|5.0|Not a particularly beautifully written book since it was written in installments.  Bits of the end have clearly been tacked on.  The characters are somewhat two-dimensional.  But does every book have to be chock full of fleshed out characters?  Certainly not. It's great fun to read.  If you, like me, enjoy long novels that move fairly quickly you'll love Vanity Fair.
B000002UCQ|5.0|Quite simply the only post-Beatles album that can stand alongside the group's achievements.  Despite the redundancies of the jam-session third LP (or second CD), Harrison never created such a consistent body of rich, vital, and thrilling music (neither has any of the other three except John's &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; and &quot;Imagine&quot;).  Even after nearly thirty years, songs like &quot;What Is Life&quot;, &quot;Wah Wah&quot;, &quot;Isn't It A Pity?&quot;, &quot;Apple Scruffs&quot;, still sound urgent in a way that most 60's music no longer does.  Essential.
B000001EGA|5.0|Elton John and Bernie Taupin have both had tremendous careers, this is a look at the early days, good and bad.  The only hit &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; recounts Elton's first attempt at suicide.  You will be hooked by the opening title track.  Tower of Babel is a great song about a historical event few know about.  This is one of Elton's most under-rated albums, this is Elton and Bernie's best writing, they say so themselves.  It's hard to find a better album anywhere.
0670880728|5.0|The book was one of the best books I've read all year.  The main character, Bridget, is one that all females can relate to.  The book was a pure delight to read.  I didn't want to put it down. It was absolutely hilarious and Bridget's life and thoughts were eerily familiar. I lent the book out to all my friends and most have gone out and bought their own copy.  If you are looking for an engaging book and want a good laugh, I would recommend this one.
B000005JA8|1.0|Nothing compares to it.  It is easily the worst, most gratingly unlistenable CD/album I have bought in the last twenty-five years .  Don't be suckered by the critical acclaim.  Buy this one only after you have bought every other available recording by every other artist . (Gets a 2 for the cover art, otherwise a 1).
B000002UKS|5.0|&quot;The Colour and the Shape&quot; begins with a sad, quiet little voice singing &quot;You know in all the time that we shared/I've never been so scared.&quot;  This album is about losing your sense of self while trying to cope with the disintegration of a relationship, and regaining a new sense of who you are once the relationship is finally over.<br />Just like a love affair, the album moves from fast to slow, from sad to angry, and finally to resignation and resolution.  Grohl is &quot;on guard&quot; one moment and &quot;bit(ing) the bullet&quot; the next. His music matches his mood, step for step.  The sweet innocence of &quot;See You&quot; is contrasted with the melancholy of &quot;Everlong&quot; (the best song on the album).  Grohl, lost in the hope that it will all work out, begs his love to &quot;breathe out, so I can breathe you in.&quot;  The very next song he steadfastly proclaims that &quot;If you walk out on me, I'm walking after you,&quot; but later resigns himself to the fact that his is just &quot;another heart cracked in two.&quot;<br />Finally, the resolution: &quot;New Way Home.&quot;  Seattle residents will recognize this song to be about the drive along the Alaskan Way viaduct which runs between the lonely, vast, grey expanse of Elliott Bay and the tall, modern buildings of downtown Seattle.  The contrast is appropriate.  Throughout the album, Grohl is stuck in this in-between place -- trapped on a long stretch of lonely highway with no exits and no directions.  He finally finds a map.  The last line of the album, repeated over and over, is &quot;I'm not scared!&quot;  He's come full-circle by finding a new path to follow to a new life.  I can't wait to find out (with the release of a new album) where that path has taken him.
B000003S0P|5.0|This album is one of the finest that progressive Rock (if you can live with that term) produced in the mid 70's, and is still one of the most powerful albums of all time. I heard it when I was 15, and 15 years later, it still elevates my blood pressure. GET THIS CD. Then, check out Live performances on &quot;The Great Deciever &quot; and &quot;The Night Watch&quot;, both released in the mid to late 90's to see how this band could blow away anything that came before it, and still blows away anything since. To quote a reviewer, &quot; Crimson makes Primus look like Michael Bolton&quot;
B000002JEV|5.0|By far some of the best live zeppelin you'll ever hear. The first disc is beautiful. It's got the kind of raw energy that's almost impossible to find in today's rock. You really get a sense of the lean mean force that defined zeppelin in their younger years. A time when the band was truly focused on its mission. This set of disc's is worth buying for the first disc alone, however, you won't be disappointed with the second disc either.
0151001820|2.0|Don't bother.  The characters in this book are very one dimensional.  Corso is a cliche sleazebag, the man he works for is a cliche rich-guy-does-occult, and &quot;the girl&quot; is a cliche mysterious beauty.  The only thing vaguely interesting about this book is the little pieces of information about old books and the woodcuts.  Very disappointing ending.
0688052304|3.0|I have read the book. I put the five not so much becuase of the book itself but rather because of what I thought it would contain.  I am only eighteen but I have mixed feelings about the book. First of all I plan on majoring in religious studies and the original reason I read the book was to read about zen. I found little of that there if any really and I was very dissapointed. The objection I have to this book isn't the actaul story because that does make you think which is something few books seem to do for me but rather the fact that you can find it under zen buddhism in a library. I would rather have it under philosophy. It changed me to the extant that a well written book changes anyone but it lacked faith. That I think is why americans like it so much. . . maybe.  then again I am an american too so who knows? it is ineresting. go for it if you can't decide.
0380973839|5.0|This book is science fiction only in that it takes place on a planet called Mars.  It is prose only in that it is not written in literal verse.  But most of all, most important of all, this book is poetry.  None of this book was meant to be literal in any sense of the word, it is symbolic from beginning to end, and the writing is better than any descriptive narrative since Dickens.  Bradbury is able to make us smell the grass, feel the flame of the rockets, taste the dry sand in our teeth, and all the while speaking to our souls in the song of the poet.
0517122707|5.0|The degenerate, mongoliod, wonder-bread zombies who didn't like this book strike me as being unfathomably dull.  If you love to laugh and are not afraid of looking deep into your own ingrained ideas about class and social interaction this is THE BOOK for you.
B000002NJM|5.0|Mr. Tarantino hits the soundtrack jackpot again with a more focused collection than the one he put together for &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;, although he again includes a few unobtrusive snippets of dialogue.  This time, most of the (vintage) artists are from the genres of soul, funk, and rap.  This includes The Delfonics with &quot;Didn't I Blow Your Mind This Time&quot; (also the title of Rhino's awesome &quot;Soul Hits of the '70s&quot; series) and Jackie Brown--Pam Grier herself--with the funky &quot;Long Time Woman&quot;.
B000002L68|5.0|Forget the Micheal Jackson's Thriller,  Purple Rain is a downright classic!   It's a must for me to play this CD all the way through ( missing one song would be like skipping pages in a mystery novel) and I never get enough of them!  Even after fourteen years, songs like The Beautiful Ones, Computer Blue and When Doves Cry is still fresh on every pop fan's minds.  I just wish that Prince will go back to producing songs that are at least half as good as those on Purple Rain.  Lately, his music has become stale with songs from his previous Emancipation and Chaos &amp; Disorder.
0151001820|5.0|One of the worst books I have read in years.  The writing was tedious and dull.  It is not a book I would ever pick-up again.
0385484518|5.0|The most interesting thing about this book was the author's change in priorities as the weeks of Tuesdays with Morrie elapsed.  Although I found Morrie's advice to Mitch somewhat &quot;preachy&quot; at times, I think it was because it hit close to home -- this book really makes you take stock in your own life and what is really important in the long run.
B000002VMH|5.0|I have to say that I really enjoy female vocalists with interesting voices -- which places Annie Lennox squarely in my favorite CD collection.  Diva is one of her better releases with colorful tunes with a little bit of playfulness.  If you enjoyed the Eurythmics, you will enjoy Annie solo.
0140861823|1.0|This book was a major disapointment.  I had never read a Jane Austen novel before I read this book and I thought it would be a pleasant experience.  I found the book's main character to be flat, and dull, possesing none of the characteristics that make an interesting person or an interesting read. I thought the book would never end and when it did I felt like throwing a party.  This novel isn't dark and complex, its just bad and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  I hope to have better luck with other Jane Austen titles in the future.
B000001Y42|5.0|I spent most of last week listening to 3 Dollar Bill Ya'll.  It ended up being one of the best rap CD's I hve ever heard.  While in general I hate rap I found this CD keeps your attention with some great bass and guitar solos, something missing from most gangsta rap.  Hopefully this isn't Limp Bizkit's last work. Also went to go to see them in concert and was not dissappointed.  They sound true to their CD
0465068359|5.0|I was first made aware of this book while watching Csp Booknotes. The author seemed to have difficulty articulating her answers to a pretty vigorous interview. In particular photographs that were graphic and ghastly were hard for her to explain. I wanted to shout &quot; They are there because people need to see what was done to these people.&quot; The book may not be  the best written or organised book in the world but it's relentless pursuit of what happened has brought it to the worlds attention. Bravo to ms Chang. I throughly enjoyed it for the historical content. I am English and have lived here for 42 years, maybe I will not have to explain to my friends why there was a recent protest march in London on the occasion of the Japanese Ambassadors visit. As the protesters said &quot;It is too soon to forgive the Japanese for all the lives they took on the Burma Road.&quot;l
B000002HMH|5.0|One awesome CD. Hetfield's growing talents take a definite surge, while Hammet, Newsted and Ulrich continue to please. A little lower than most, and it IS Metallica... at their best.
0451169514|5.0|I stayed up until 5:00 am. in the morning (on a school day!) to see what happens in the end and it was extremely scary!  Read it before it''s sold out!
0898159156|5.0|As a long-time grower of CP, I must say that this book ranks witht the best in its field-along with such classics as Slack, LeCoufle and Pietrapolo. My only regret is that it is not available in hardcover.
0553278355|5.0|I read this novel for the first time when I was a freashman in high school, and instantly loved it. It is heartbreaking, at times humorous, and young adult females will surely see a little bit of themselves in the character Esther Greenwood. Overall, it is humane and sobering.  It would be a mistake not to read it.
B000002J20|5.0|A concept album from Yes' Golden Age, the Tales are a stunning tour de force that explore the more mystical side of the group.<br /><br />Although these lengthy tracks intimidated me at first, after repeated listenings I discovered tremendous depth and ingenuity. This is Yes in all its majestic glory, with everything you'd expect from them and a lot that may surprise you, especially if you are new to the group and its wandering ways.<br /><br />Although the first track, The Revealing Science of God, is probably the most famous (and utterly spellbinding in concert), I found the second, less-known track, The Remembering, to be my personal favorite. It's worth noting, however, that the over 80 minutes of music that comprise this double-disc album contain literally dozens of threads that must be followed from song to song to truly be appreciated.<br /><br />As with all Yes music, there is no limit to its richness and brilliance. This is music I will listen to again and again throughout the rest of my life (I've only been listening to Yes for about 15 years now), and it transcends generations: my teenage kids love this stuff (!!).<br /><br />Yet another modern classic from some of the best musical talent ever assembled in human history.
B000001E29|3.0|I am a great Tom Waits fan and think Rain Dogs one of the best albums ever done by anyone.  I was therefore very disappointed with this album because it is impossible to get into and enjoy even with persistence.
B000002J1B|5.0|Recorded with Patrick Moraz on keyboards, this is one of the group's best albums from the Golden Age of Yes. Each of these three songs stands alone, with the hauntingly beautiful final song, &quot;To Be Over&quot;, one of my very favorite songs from a group that has given me so many favorites.<br /><br />Although Moraz was brought into the group rather late in the process of making this album, and left shortly thereafter, he performed brilliantly, rendering work that, while different, is comparable in caliber to the glittery genius of Rick Wakeman. Despite his short tenure with Yes proper (he did work on other projects with some of the members), his breathtaking accomplishments in this album have earned him, and this album, a special place in the Yes pantheon -- and a special set of devoted fans. One of the more noteworthy Yes alumni, Moraz made this album come alive in a way no one else could.<br /><br />If you want a good look at Yes in one of its rare and unique forms, give this superb album a spin.
0553093029|5.0|The story being wrapped together with Ralph and Kevin working in concert is spectacular I love both of there work and I would to tell you that is is a great thing to see the works of two men and other to collaborate together to put this book out. I commend them for there work! I can't wait to see what is store for us in the future. I have 45 novels,books,guides of Star Wars. This book is a great addition to my collection.
0563214546|5.0|I was a 40 year old bachelor who had never cooked in his life.  Then I encountered this book.  When I picked it up and it fell open on a cross-sectional diagram of an egg, I knew that this was the book for me.<br />Too many cook books assume that the reader has some basic knowledge of the art.  Not this one.  If you want to know the best way to joint a chicken, quickly peel a tomato or a garlic clove, or de-seed a bell pepper, it's all in this highly entertaining book.<br />But don't think for a moment that the recipes are dull and simplistic.  This book covers the whole gamut of cookery with recipes originating from the world's finest cuisines.  The abundance of mouth watering illustations mean that you too can present meals that are a delight to the eye, as well as the tongue.<br />Thanks to Delia, cooking has become my hobby and I really look forward to those occasions when I can prepare a four course meal for 10 or more people.  Fortunately, so do they!<br />Thank you Delia, thank you.
0553278223|5.0|I would happily give this book a 10 out of 10 stars.  It is the best science fiction book that I have ever read in my life.  I especially like it because the first chapter takes place a year before now.
0688052304|4.0|I put this book down the first time I attempted to read it, just after I finished college coursework many moons ago. Since then, I've tried it again and again, and read it to completion  four times and find that I love it. <br /> The tales unfolds as a mystery wrapped around, as it says, an inquiry into values. The narrative itself is clever, and I won't reveal any more of that, but as it pushes, excruciatingly slow at times, it makes a case - in fact,  numerous cases -  for the importance of quality (as opposed to consumption of quantity) in our lives, and deliciously weaves those inquiries into the narrative.   Unfortunately, I found those discussions at times to be so deep, deep, deep, as to frustrate me to the point of putting the book down. But as I am drawn back time and time again, I realize the value the &quot;inquiry into values&quot; has had on my life, or at least in my inquiry into it.<br />I encourage you not to  beceome so frustrated you don't go back to it again. And again.
044651652X|3.0|Obviously this book has some redeeming qualities.  Otherwise it wouldn't have sold so many copies or evoked so many reader responses here on this site.   However, this book made it very hard to engage in &quot;willing suspension of disbelief&quot; and just enjoy the love story.  As many others have said here, the circumstances of  Francesca's and Robert's meeting seemed pretty contrived and their instantaneous love seemed even more so.  I agree that Francesca seemed amazingly free of guilt over the whole affair.  Also it's pretty hard to believe that someone as worldly as Robert could fall so completely in love with a woman who had lived in one place for 20 years and led a fairly sheltered life (as intelligent as passionate as she was supposed to be).  Furthermore, the prose about their lovemaking was embarrassingly reminiscent of a Harlequin romance.  Also I felt that I was continuously being bombarded with Waller's personal views.  Obviously he's a vegetarian who's against overdevelopment.  Sometimes I couldn't disengage from his political/sociological views enough to get back into the story.  Don't get me wrong -- I enjoyed the book.  I'm just amazed that a book I consider average has garnered such a huge following.
0515123447|4.0|I really enjoyed the story line, fast-paced, interesting characters, exciting.  But, I found myself becoming more and more impatient with the overabundance of &quot;shrugging&quot;.  Everybody shrugged, continually!  Will definitely look for other books by this first-time author, but hope in the meantime he finds a good editor to help with the details.
B00004THO3|3.0|Obviously this book has some redeeming qualities.  Otherwiseit wouldn't have sold so many copies or evoked so many reader responses here on this site.  However, this book made it very hard to engage in &quot;willing suspension of disbelief&quot; and just enjoy the love story.  As many others have said here, the circumstances of Francesca's and Robert's meeting seemed pretty contrived and their instantaneous love seemed even more so.  I agree that Francesca seemed amazingly free of guilt over the whole affair.  Also it's pretty hard to believe that someone as worldly as Robert could fall so completely in love with a woman who had lived in one place for 20 years and led a fairly sheltered life (as intelligent as passionate as she was supposed to be).  Furthermore, the prose about their lovemaking was embarrassingly reminiscent of a Harlequin romance.  Also I felt that I was continuously being bombarded with Waller's personal views. Obviously he's a vegetarian who's against overdevelopment.  Sometimes I couldn't disengage from his political/sociological views enough to get back into the story.  Don't get me wrong -- I enjoyed the book. I'm just amazed that a book I consider average has garnered such a huge following.
1573225517|4.0|Nick Hornby has that gift posessed by very few artists, such as Kurt Cobain and Neil Young, the abiltiy to create a work that makes you say, &quot;I could do that.&quot; It's the gift to make the brilliant seem effortless. Only when you do sit down to write it, you realize just how difficult it is. In High Fidelity, Hornby gets into the head of a 30-ish Londoner who loves music and seems to be going nowhere, and doesn't mind becasue to him, music is the balm that soothes the pains of adulthood. Hornby obviously knows music; you couldn't come up with his references merely by doing research, and his love of music and knowing what it's like to have music play such a major role in your life and have loved ones love everything about you but just not get your obsession, well he knows that too. High Fidelity isn't a masterpiece or an epic. But what it does, it does very well. I heard John Cusack bought the rights and is making it into a movie. that sounds like ideal casting to me.
B000002USN|2.0|A lame attempt to exploit &quot; the Voice&quot;.  There are great artists on this CD, but it just doesn't cut it.  Bob Dylan and Frank Sinatra, I don't think so.
0060977493|5.0|A well done book, much like a melody that plays in your head long after the orchestra is done. For those below who found it too complex, I recommend getting the audio tape. The &quot;strange&quot; names no longer catch you; the rhythms can truly be heard. The style of writing is, indeed, part of the story.<br />For those who compare it to a creative writing exercise, well, yes, what do you think 'creative writing' was trying to teach you, anyway?
B000002IWQ|4.0|I love this album, as any dedicated RUSH fan would, but I find myself falling into the shoes of some of my educators in saying that I think their best is yet to come, and has been coming.   I like the direction that they have been going.  I wonder why more people haven't been turned onto them...  I find their music better than a lot of the so-called-&quot;popular artists&quot; played on the radio.  Their music is NOT for those who have no brain!  The lyrics are complex and thoughtful, and the instrumentation is complex.  This is not your typical,simple, droning, boring pop music album.  MY favorite song on the album is &quot;Nobody's Hero&quot; because the lyrics are true and poetic.  I think that Neil Peart is a realist with a cynical side, balanced with a spiritual side and a bit of subtle humor that's reminiscent of an &quot;inside joke&quot; ( the more you listen, the more you know &amp; understand).  Their music pronounces the feelings conyeyed in the lyrics (unlike a lot of pop music today).  The spirit I feel from their music is individuality.  I also like &quot;Coldfire&quot; and &quot;Speed of Love&quot;.  If you like this album try some of the earlier albums:  &quot;Hold Your Fire&quot;, &quot;Roll the Bones&quot;, &quot;Presto&quot; to name some but certainly not all my favorites... Their earlier music which can also be described as when Geddy Lee used to scream (?) (no offense...) is great too.  I especially like a song of several parts, that is based on Ayn Rand's Book &quot;Anthem&quot;.  (Anthem is a great short story - read it - check Amazon.com)  This is a different and less commercial side of Rush.  To get an idea, try one of the Chronicles albums... although the Chrnicle album is only one person's idea of the best of Rush... be open minded.  Rush is REAL MUSIC.
0345350472|5.0|Right, first off, don't read the book expecting a novelization of the movie - it's not. It is, on the other hand, a superb book, raising interesting moral implications and having a decent story with it. Don't get me wrong, I loved the movie (and also Westwood's game - if you even liked the movie get the game.  If you have some money buy the book, you won't regret it.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna's new album is so beautiful to listen to--it moves fluidly throughout--from meditative songs like &quot;Drowned World&quot; and &quot;Frozen&quot; to bumpy, invigorating electronica.  Definatley Madonna's most personal and creative work and possibly one of the best albums of the 1990s.
0679433740|5.0|I must say that I am still trying to get through Beloved, however, Paradise was marvelous. I must also say that those who feel Toni needs to return, or have her award taken, are speaking out of anger or envy.<br />Even after having put Beloved down for 3 years or more, Still, all I can say to the Lady is, YOU GO GIRL!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000002C4J|4.0|Let's face it.  Celine Dion has been overplayed so much on the radio that it's to the point where her voice has lost its smooth glamour and intimacy. LET'S TALK ABOUT LOVE is a well-crafted pop album with tons of top-act producers shaping it yet her voice gets lost in a lot of melodrama and overblown orchestration.  Some of the songs are unbearable: &quot;Treat Her Like A Lady&quot; and &quot;Just A Little Bit of Love.&quot;  Others are aching and powerful: &quot;My Heart Will Go On,&quot; &quot;Immortality,&quot; and the album's standout: &quot;To Love You More.&quot;  Pales in comparison to her Grammy Award winning album FALLING INTO YOU but still an infectious and winning CD.
B000001E29|5.0|This CD is the music score for Robert Wilson's play based on a story by William Burroughs, who contributes with some songs. Black Rider is somewhat different from Waits's other works, his style has evolved and matured. In this work you're able to see that there is more to him tham &quot;Rain Dogs&quot;(which is great anyway). It will probably shock the newcomers, but give time and you will love it. In my personal opinion it is his best work to date. For those who like Tom Waits and William Burroughs, this is a must-have!
0670880728|5.0|Hilarious!!!!  Bridget Jones is the woman we are trying to be and not to be.  She strives for perfection and falls short everytime and we love her for it.  Her thoughts on life are absurd and strangely familiar...
B000001EXB|5.0|I have been an Elton John fan since 1973.  I was in the seventh grade then.  My husband says I must be a true fan because I love every album I've ever purchased.  He is a keyboard player himself and has played in a few different bands.  He told me there hasn't been any artist that he liked everything that they did.  That's what made him say to me that I must be a real fan.  Someday I would love to go to a concert.  It seems   everytime I try to buy a ticket, they sell out before I get a chance.  Oh well, I can still dream of going I guess.  For my birthday my husband went out and bought some new speaker for our stereo system and rented some of Eltons concerts for me to watch.  He even gave me a candle to light for candle in the wind.  I will never forget him for such a fun evening.
B0000047CX|5.0|This disk is made for a hot summer night in the company of your favourite people. The recording took place in 1963, but the sound quality is fully up to the digital age and the music is timeless. Most of the music is Brazilian style with &quot;The Girl From Ipanema&quot; being the best known piece, one of those well known recordings where you think, &quot;ah, that's where it is from&quot;. The sax sequences are gorgeous and goes straight in the belly - and below, he makes everyone in the audience wish they were playing the saxophone. If you are looking for cool relaxation or hot romance, this record delivers.
0312853238|5.0|I never read any of our books in school. In class we started the first chapter of enders game and in some weird way I picked up the book at home and read to chapter nine. I loved the book and dreamt it through as I read it. I wish the book could go on forever it was exciting. After the first two chapter of introduction, the book is unexplanitory. Orson Scott Card wrote an amazing book. I know its a series, but i've heard the rest aren't as good so i never read them. READ THIS BOOK. I don't read, but I read this ONE book. I hate reading. My english grade always dies because of reading and i have to work hard to bring it up. I read this one I LOVED IT and my grade was an A
B000001IPL|5.0|I think three songs--Come Out and Play, Gotta Get Away, and Self-Esteem--in the CD alone are worth the price of the CD.  The lyrics are fantastic, the chords are cacophonic, yet exciting to hear.  They're great, and you won't be disappointed.
1563523302|5.0|Most of those who give this book a low rating are obviously missing it's basic point.  It's called Financial Freedom.  For many of us, this is the eventual freedom via an early retirement from the hassles and &quot;pains&quot; of being employed by a large corporation, for example.  Even a blue-collar and a non-managerial white-collar employee can eventually become a millionaire, and quite possibly -- a multi-millionaire!
031218087X|4.0|A cross between sc-fi &amp; murder mystery, but with the twist that it is not sc-fi.  Well, except to those of us who are barely computer literate.   I enjoyed this book and found myself staying up way past my bedtime to finish the last one third of the book.   Characters:      Susan--interesting, warm, trusting/    David--intelligent, quick on his toes, and had the best chapters in the book/    Strathmore--strong, but could have been developed better; didn't care enough about him to be shocked at his antics/    Midge--potentially a memorable character.   In many ways this is a real possibility for a movie.  It moves fast and will be an action movie that is for the good listener--no car chases or automatic weapons needed.   My only real disappointment was that there were no indications about the connection between the Japanese business owner and the programmer.  That seems to be a missed opportunity.   Glad I read Dan Brown's first work.  Looking forward to a second with more defined characters and the details that make you &quot;love&quot; the book.  This was a &quot;liked it.&quot;
0553573403|5.0|Some reviews of this book criticize Martin for recycling tried-and-true fantasy elements.  But tell me this?  Is there another novel in which four main characters are killed off?  Every fantasy novel is going to have certain features that readers of this genre have come to expect (dragons, swords, barbarians, etc.)  But folks, that's epic fantasy!  Martin's novel is so good it's unreal.  Radical experimentalism is not what fantasy readers want.  THE STORY IS WHAT MATTERS, NOTHING ELSE!  When I say 'story', I am referring to plot and characterization.  And Martin is without rival in both of these aspects.  Jordan used to be my fave, and he still could score with THE PATH OF DAGGERS, but Martin's story is less bogged down and more action-packed.  Besides, A CLASH OF KINGS will settle the debate once and for all.  If you want something different and radical, read AMERICAN PSYCHO.  What I want is great storytelling, and Martin comes through with flying colors.
B000001ZS3|5.0|This cd is one of his best.  His best cd is equinox...try it out....
0553208845|5.0|Siddhartha was given to me as a gift by a friend who was then in seminary.  I was 18 and on my way to college.  Over the summer I read it three times!  It was the first fictional book to affect my life in such a deep, meaningful way.  I'm not sure if it was because Siddhartha &amp; I had in common that we were both leaving home, or just because I've always been interested in spiritual journeys (&amp; discoveries).  Probably the thing I LOVE most about the book is that it shows the reader that there is not just one path to PEACE and ENLIGHTENMENT.<br />Since then, I've re-read at least half a dozen more times.  Usually it is at a time when I'm feeling either unsure or alone.  I am sure it will continue to be one of my &quot;all-time-favorites&quot;.
0670880728|4.0|This book is fun. Plenty reviewers here tell you what it is about so I won't repeat it. I will only add that despite the amusement there is some truth here. Many young women in their late twenties, early thirties will find they can relate to Bridget Jones and laugh at their similar dilemmas.
0670880728|5.0|Somewhat frightening but dreadfully funny in its dead on parallelism to my own life and those of my other Singleton friends.  It's captures the two cultures of Singletons and Smug Marrieds, between which, after 30, relations can become rather guarded.  Thank 1471 it's okay to laugh at it all rather than running toward the nearest Prozac distributor or giving up your Alsatian to the SPCA for adoption (just in case).  I particulary loved the part when meeting Mr. Darcy, Bridget and he could maybe find common ground in the humiliation of spending holiday evenings alone in a single bed at their respective parents'.  In true to life, not settling for a geek Singleton defiance, Bridget  doesn't take advantage of the opening, due to his diamond pattern sweater and bumblebee socks.  What would you do?  Tough question. And of the single bed at one's relatives -  my own experience is that it's often accompanied by wondering where my own Mr. Darcy is sleeping that night.  It makes me feel better to think, maybe, just maybe, he's lying in a single bed at his parents' or sister's feeling the same way!  So, what will I do if I run into a top attorney in bumblebee socks?  Hmmm........
1563523302|5.0|Being a PAW just came naturally to me.  But after one has accumulated all this wealth and of course, doesn't give it to his children in the form of EOC, one will eventually pass on leaving a great amount of it to Uncle Sam and the rest to his children. But they might have benefited from a little of it when they were struggling to pay for homes, orthodontists, tuitions, and piano lessons.  I'm giving some of my wealth to my children now, call it EOC if you want, but I am so happy that I can help them and happy that I can do it when they need it.  Of course, being a PAW, I am very conservative in what I give.
B000001E8P|5.0|&quot;Different Class&quot; is a conversation set to music.  (Too bad, though, that I have yet to be graced with Mr Cocker's presence.  =P)  It helps to like (or do I dare say &quot;adore&quot;?) quirky individuals like Jarvis Cocker... or else this CD is not for you.  The lyrics are intelligent, but sometimes not intelligible (Cocker's Brit accent to my California ears blurred some of the lyrics, and I had to refer to my handy little CD pull-out).  The melodies are groovin', and the vocals are very aurally pleasing...  =)
0385473788|5.0|Anne was so alive and mature she learned to except her life even when things were tough I can't believe not every one could not love such a wonderful girl.
0140430350|5.0|A wonderful novel, that perhaps is not as wonderful as its reputation suggests. But nonetheless first-rate. It's what Dicken's books should be. And Thackery was rather brave in that his main character Beckey Sharp is a bi*ch. And not an endearing one like Scarlett O'Hara. But you still enjoy reading about her.
006017322X|5.0|I'm no critic, but if you read only one book in your lifetime, To Kill A Mockingbird should be it.  Usually I'm one to keep my mouth shut as not to show my ignorance, but I just can't keep quiet about this.  I've never read a better book to date and don't ever expect to, and I suspect if you read it you'll feel the same way.   I know Atticus Finch is a fictional character, but he has been a role model for me since the first time I read this masterpiece.   I could go on and on and never say enough good things about this book, so I'll just leave it with these few poor words that could never do justice to the greatest book I have ever read.
B000002VQQ|5.0|The bizarre season finale in May 1998 of 'Millennium', Chris Carter's other series besides  'X-Files', featured a 14 minute set composed of Patti Smith's '(Land) Horses', 'Land of a Thousand Dances' and 'La Mer(de)'. <br />The set content was mirrored by on-screen scenes  and acting events that eeriely paralleled the words sung by Patti Smith, including the arrival of the hero Frank Black to &quot;...black tube..&quot;.<br />Quite unexpected for primetime TV!<br />But then, who really understands Frank Black or Patti Smith ?
B000001E29|5.0|Waits growls, rumbles, croons and roars his way through a deranged theatrical-circus nightmare. It's not for the conventional, or for those who think Madonna is an artist, but by god, if you're looking for something DIFFERENT that is well done and theatrical, this is your straight-up rot-gut whiskey with no chaser. In a damn dirty glass. Great stuff.
B000002VCE|5.0|This is one awesome live album. Not just for the great Outlaws standards, but especially for the fantastic guitar breaks. I've listened to BIBA hundreds of times since I got in on vinyl 20 years ago, and it still gives me a thrill. If you like southern rock at all, you must own this CD!
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd started with a classic,and hasn't stopped.It's mind boggling for a band to produce so many classic's.The best band ever assembled!!!
B000002LGA|5.0|Without pretention, Lou records a true masterpiece.  Listen to it in order.
0451169514|5.0|Never have I experienced such a storm of emotions in one book.So much love,fear,desire,evil and innocence.I loved it's brilliant character sketches and King's mastery of depicting the beautiful awakenings of adolescence,particularly in his portrayal of young Ben's yearning for Beverly.The beautiful Haiku poem and the scene where he sees Beverly's gold chain flashing in the sun and his desire is truly born, are probably two of the loveliest scenes I've ever witnessed in a book.
B000003TA4|5.0|I adore this CD with every waking moment as I hang on Kurt Cobain starting Lithium with 'i'm so happy cause today I found my friend'. I would recomend this CD to every one who likes grungy rock.
B000002MY3|5.0|This is a good CD that I got for Christmas in 3rd or 4th grade. I played it right away on my new boom box, and even though my grandparents didn't exactly aprove ofit, I thought it was great!
0517702967|3.0|I wish Mr. Folliet has done better research before writing the book. The computer searches the whole FBI database in like about an hour or so!! And, all the computer program are carried around in disks!! Besides you don't divide the embryo seven times to get eight clones, you do it three times. I wonder why there wouldn't be radioactive viral genes? And, the clones were different because of nurture? It's almost like saying I acclerated my car till it was faster than light!! If so, why then the talk about human genetic diversity in the end? I read Pillars of the Earth, and I though it was great? I was very dissapointed with this book even though I read it all in a day. Mr. Folliet is gifted storyteller but this looked badly researched, and far from what one would expect.
B000002UAX|5.0|Hey - it's John and Paul, not to mention George and Ringo with George Martin at the height of their recording studio powers. Like - does anyone dare to question this stuff is gonna be brilliant? Read &quot;Many Years From Now&quot; by Barry Miles for great insight into this wonderful writing &amp; record producing.
0684874350|4.0|One of the things that I think is absolutely obvious is that there will be a sequel.  I could not believe the unrelenting trials and tribulations with almost never a happy and contented moment.  Were there really people in the world as vicious and as cruel as the characters in this book, including even the blood relatives?  The father obviously drank to escape their miserable lives, but would he not just one time provide even a meagre portion of his wages to his suffering family?<br />And the mother, would she not have just gone crazy on his trifling man as she watched her children suffer and die?  She just seemed totally complacent in view of the fact of her children's suffering.  It is true that she was no mother of the year, but she showed almost no compassion for her children. Perhaps she learned her own mothering skills from her own slatternly mother.<br />I expected that somewhere in this there would be a saviour, perhaps Uncle Pa.  But even he seemed unable to bear up under the wrath of his ill-tempered wife, had he dared try to help.<br />The author certainly leaves us with a yearning for the sequel, which I am sure is in the works.  He cannot have attained the success that he has, in the face of his miserable childhood, and not have more to tell.
0812550706|5.0|...for those who classified this novel as 'an average sci-fi book,' I believe that they missed the boat completely.  This was not only a superbly compelling science fiction story, but a fable in the grandest sense of the word.  The lessons of love of hate, and of the intimate understandings thereof are to be taken to heart, are to be incorporated into one's own life and experiences, and are to be held as ideals forever.  I feel that the reactions listed fail to address this, and, thus, miss completely, the moral of this story: To know is to love. To hate is to be ignorant...
B00000251N|5.0|There is not one weak cut on this CD anywhere.  It is difficult to decide which is more powerful - the hauntingly beautiful music or the poignancy of the poetic lyrics.  An example of some lines from  &quot;Be&quot; (one of my favorite cuts on this CD) ...<br />Be.. As a page that aches for a word on a theme that is timeless and the one God will make for your day<br />Be.. As a song in search of a voice that is silent and the one God will make for your way<br />This collection stands so well on its own, you forget that it was once linked to a book and a movie of the same name.  A spiritual work that will forever define Neil Diamond as a master songwriter and musician.
0312962118|1.0|I still gave the book a try...  When I read that the CIA hitman had his license registered under his own name, I said 'well, maybe this isn't so big a mistake, I can forgive this.'  But then a couple of pages later, there is a scene where a KGB thug beat the crap out of one of the good guys all by himself in an apartment room (which wasn't described as a safehouse or anything like that). By coincidence, the CIA hitman raided the room..<br />I stopped reading right there and decided not to go beyond that point.
0385484518|5.0|This book presents an opportunity for a devotion, a meditation if you will, about finding the essence in your life.  It's not so much about finding THE way, but about finding YOUR way...and it's always about love. Thank you, Morrie &amp; Mitch, for the reminder
0688158129|5.0|This thought provoking book should be on everyone's must-read list.  Once you begin you will have a very difficult time putting this book down.  I didn't want it to end.  Anyone who has ever had to deal with the suicide of a family member will be touched by the prose used to decribe what the two families had to endure.  Ms. Picoult should be commended for a book well done!
6303011012|5.0|One of the best I have ever seen.  Yanni is truly one of the great  musicians of today.     END
B000002IOW|5.0|When I first bought Presto I didn't much care for it, simply because it lacks much of the driving guitar work and hard-rock style that had marked Rush's earlier work.  This album definitely grew on me, though.  I've come to appreciate its lyrics, which seem to be even more thought-provoking than their other albums.  The songs are also arranged beautifully, creating a sound that is instantly melodious without domination by any one instrument.  Presto is also a fine album for those unfamiliar with Rush who may not be as fond of the hard-rock style that marked earlier releases.
0449227421|1.0|I loved his early and middle books, but I've been growing increasingly disenchanted.  I picked this one up with misgivings which turned out well justified.  The only reason I finished it was that I was away for the weekend with only this book, and I felt soiled afterwards.  Ugly, manipulative, predictable, Follet is now off my list of authors.
0451191153|3.0|Sorry, this book didn't change my life. But I did find the story very interesting. I recommend this book only if you have a lot of free time.
0670880728|4.0|Okay. As a 30-something woman battling her own array distracting obsessions while forging ahead on the childless career path, I feel amply qualified to pronounce &quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; absolutely hilarious. (Frightening in its own way, but hilarious nonetheless.) But I'm puzzled as to why novelist Helen Fielding seems to be raking in so much praise for rehashing the same sorts of material (and in the same sorts of ways) visited first and best by Sue Townsend in her Adrian Mole diaries. The parental break-up, the obsession with personal appearance, the preoccupation with self-worth, and the insipid detailing of each and every social encounter-Bridget might well be Adrian trapped in a woman's body. Substitute Daniel for Pandora, and you've got a tidy cut-n-paste rewarming of Townsend's books. Not that that detracts from the full-on fun of this engaging summer read, but let's give a little credit where credit is due. Bridget's closest competitor is not Ally McBeal, but skinny, angst-ridden, acne-inflicted oddity Adrian Mole.
0812550706|5.0|Everyone loves or hates this book, I love it. It has some inconsistancy errors, but they don't distract from the rapid pace Card sets.  Ender's Game talks about gifted students through thier own world view.  Most children do think they are people, not children.  A gifted child pushed to his (or her) limits could well accomplish what Ender did, or they could go insane.  This book I would endorse to anyone.  But I don't loan it out any more. Four copies have fallen apart and another 6 were never returned.
0670880728|5.0|This is the book that most of England has read. It has a wonderful story and at its heart a wonderful new leading female character.  For all of us who have loved, lost and lived this is our book.  I defy you not to laugh out loud at least several times.  Read this book and then look at your own life.   A wonderful, wonderful book! Hope it does just as well in America as it has in London.  Beautifully written, caustically funny, always believable and always fabulous.  One of the books of the year.
067158037X|5.0|Frank McCourt is a master. Writing from the child's perception, he depicts the characters and their environment so accurately. The depression and hopelessness of Angela is overwhelming. Why any of them survived is amazing. This is the saddest story ever written.
0440224764|2.0|I liked this book when I started reading it. It got better and better, Patrick Lanigan had always one more surprise. And they were so clever and so logical that I couldn't believe it. I thought then that Mr.Grisham wrote his best book. I read it and read it and I changed my mind.<br />There are two big mistakes. Why runs Eva away when she sees the FBI people? She learned how to rescue. Patrick must have teached her that. And in the end : if a book has got its own logic in the first 460 pages why must we throw that logic away in the last 7 pages? I still don't understand why John Grisham had to end his book like this. He wanted something amazing? He did it, but that wasn't enough.<br />I'm waiting for his next and better book.
B000006NPY|5.0|If your a Smashing Pumpkins fan like me, then you too have been eagerly awaiting for a new album and not some soundtrack for a cheesy movie.(Although the last 2 soundtrack songs still ruled).  From a band that has given us such great music, that is beyond any other sound heard, music that really does touch the soul.  Even their less then  known songs are better then other bands' greatest offerings.  So we waited for more, although there wasn't a hurry for more bcause past Pumpkins projects were still entertaining.  But the wait is over and we are now graced with Adora.  Is Adora worth the wait?  Does it live up to the Pumpkins benchmark?  Does it live up to our benchmark???  Well, umm yeah.  I say yes in a unsure way because the Pumpkins have traded in their angered filled rock with madding tones for slow moving songs that slowly climax into a drizzel instead of the usual thunderstorms.  Is that a bad thing?  No, not at all.  The new album is still very worthy, but doesn't live up to the Pumpkins perfection.  Billy Corgan has said that Adora is a throw back to the orignal style of the band, played in a more modern way.  But hey, even Gish was more alive then this one!  But still, this album is another great piece that assures the Smashing Pumpkins to be one of the greatest bands this decade.  Maybe the album deserves a 10, but I miss the old sound of the Pumpkins!:(
B000001F5F|5.0|Having graduated high school in 1984 (the olden days), I cut my rock and roll teeth on U2.  Unfortunately, U2 is a band whose music got worse with time.  I much prefer the &quot;old stuff&quot; any time, and it doesn't get much better than U2's The Unforgettable Fire.
0684874350|1.0|When narrative style like this starts earning the Pulitzer Prize, I think I may begin to submit some of my high school students' creative writing.
0670880728|4.0|I'm not sure why my mother gave this to me around my 20th birthday, but I suspect it's got something to do with the fact that I became a bit of a diarist myself just under a year previously. In any case, I'm glad she did, because it is a very funny book.  But I don't write like Bridget Jones!
0316920045|4.0|That David Foster Wallace writes from genius I haven't the slightest doubt; that he has a heart as big as all-outdoors and the personal courage to step on the toes of so-called American culture, ditto.  And so, the periodic failure of this novel to hold my complete attention isn't the result of a lack of talent, but rather is due to the form the novel takes, call it what you like.  Postmodernist literature at least since Nabokov  has demanded tremendous self-indulgence from the Author, is the thing.  And we readers, after all, are supposed to like reading, goes the tale.  Wallace never shirks his duty in this regard.  Brilliant dialogue and narrative  and set-scenes of painful hilarity are rudely interrupted by massive doses of information (and  advertisements), just like TV, and like TV too much for me to enjoy for more than an hour at a time.  I never got lost in this book, but I didn't always want to be there, either.  No problem, Dave, Tolstoy and I have the same problem!  And so then, but what is the bottom line?  I think Wallace suggests in his novel that the pursuit of happiness (sanctified by our Declaration of Independence)  has become an addiction from which nearly every American suffers (perhaps every human being).  Ego demands it.  And more to the point, despite what appears to be an unlimited number of choices in our great country, we really have only one choice to make at any given time: do or don't.  Do results in addiction; don't, in rehab.  Thus 'twixt the two swings our mood in this infinite jest where, as Nietzche claimed, &quot;Even the gods contend in vain against boredom.&quot;  Not a shabby moral lesson for us to learn, we who have made a fetish of selfhood in our postmodern world.  A few passages of extreme clarity and insight: pgs. 200-211; 343-366; 418-430; 443-449; 589-593; 612-619; 692-698; 864-876; 900-906.
B000002NJS|5.0|this cd is her best yet! it is in a whole category by itself. from the get down joyfulness of &quot;ray of light&quot; to the orchestral melanchollyness of &quot;frozen&quot; to the galactic spaced out sound of &quot;skin&quot; this cd is perfect for any pop fan!
B000001Y79|4.0|it's wonderful to finally see a woman who is singing about what it's like to be a female in the 90's.  Gwen is beautiful and talented, and singing about the things that bother her in todays soceity, without selling sex.    If your into up beat music and just want to have fun the you should  really pick up this cd.  It's a real good time.  I love it and i thing you will too.
0395860210|4.0|Plodding yet powerful, this story of how the Levov family captures the American Dream in the Forties only to have it blown to bits in the Sixties, begins slowly. The reader must first wade through page after page on the intricacies of glove making and cattle raising. But Roth knows his characters: Not only the ambitious ethnics of Newark and Elizabeth, but also the blue-blooded WASPs of Morris County's horse country. Roth makes them real--nowhere more so than at the dinner party at the book's conclusion--and this makes it worth the effort of plowing through the tedium.<br />&quot;American Pastoral&quot; should be read together with Updike's &quot;In the Beauty of the Lilies.&quot; In that work, a Protestant famly that holds the American Dream as its birthright throws the dream away at a time when the Levovs are still day laborers in Newark's tanneries. Updike's book takes a longer route to its final tragedy, in which the fourth generation post-Protestant protagonist dies a fiery death along with other members of a Waco-like cult. Post-Jewish, post-Catholic Merry Levov's destruction, first by the Sixties Weathermen and ultimately by an eastern religious cult, is even more devestating--being without hope or meaning.<br />What is Roth's message? Were the seeds of the Levov family tragedy planted when Swede Levov left the nurturing Newark Jewish community in search of an America where, unbeknownst to him, faith and the American Dream were already dying? Read the book and come to your own conclusion.
0385486804|3.0|The book was so good --- and so bad --- I couldn't, or wouldn't, stop reading it. It was like sitting up all night in exhilarated debate arguing religion or politics with an old respected friend. But no happy endings in these chapters. No warm fuzzies about what a great humanitarian Christopher McCandless was. No fascinating anecdotes from the road. No vivid, home-movie pictorial paragraphs about what he experienced in his travels. In 200-odd pages, there's little to like about the guy.<br />The author Jon Krakauer spends about the first third of the book chronicling the victim's travels in a sort of journalese indifference. &quot; He went here. He went there. He did this. He did that.&quot; Competent documentation, but dispassionate writing. We already know the ending; everything in between is retrograde fill-in-the-blanks.<br />Then Krakauer throws in an entire self-conscious chapter about all the people who've responded to his own original magazine article, just to chime in and say, in essence, &quot;Yup. The dude skrewwwed the pooch....&quot;<br />Next, it gets fun, sort of. For no particular reason, the author shifts to first-person to describe his own cockamamie exploits climbing mountains, and for the first time, the book gets personal and interesting. For once, he's writing about his own experience, instead of relying upon newspaper morgues and the faded recollections of former acquaintances of the victim, the supposed protagonist of the book itself. Kind of like bringing yer own beer to the party, and then sitting in the corner by yourself.<br />When he's not insinuating his own war-stories upon the reader, Krakauer seems to be scratching his head, trying to figure out this goofus McCandless, and he never describes it but in vague j-school nonchalance. Predictably, he cobbles together all the roadie suspects for significant chapter-head quotes to fill out any Profound Meaning to life: Twain, Thoreau, Muir, Tolstoy and London, because vapid McCandless has little or nothing to say for himself.<br />Another ! 20-30 tedious pages go by, and then we're off to the Alaskan wilderness. We already know he's doomed; the book ended 100 pages ago. No, wait!  It ended on the front cover!<br />Krakauer missed one huge overriding factor in his chronicle of Christopher McCandless: Elemental truth is that The Road is a narcotic. Those travelin' jones can be just as hypnotic as any syringe. And like any sort of dope, it tends to foreshorten one's entire perspective of life.<br />Twenty-five grand in the bank? Throw it away.<br />Gotta car? Park it somewhere.<br />Friends, family, job, career?  &quot;Into the Wild&quot; shows a self-absorbed young man who would otherwise have every opportunity in life. He destroys the long-term for the immediate. Like any doper, he barters away everything for the right-now hand-to-mouth immediacy of his cheap fix.  Alaska, for McCandless,  is not foot tracks in the virgin snow; it's needle tracks in the squishy flaccid arm of a sociopath.. <br />He comes from a rich family who gives him everything.He has a college education which someone else paid for.  Guess he never had to do much for himself but stay awake from one class bell to the next. Such agony....<br />So he hates his old man, and hates the way he was raised. Hey, goll-ee.... maybe he's old enough he can start raising himself. Did he ever think of that?<br />But, no-o-o-oo.... He ends up starving, sick and miserable, with little to do but scribble in his futile diary that hey, he shot his-self a squirrel today And the blueberries are just swell..<br />He died in the same selfish, nihilistic squalor befitting any urban junkie.
0670880728|3.0|&quot;Bridget Jones's Diary&quot; is a fun read, but you're courting disappointment if you set your hopes too high, either for bellylaughs or for pertinence to the lives of thirty-something singletons.  For every howler worthy of Seinfeld's Elaine there's a dud worthy of the funny pages' Cathy.<br />What kept me going was the occasionally inscrutable Englishness of of the book.  It's not &quot;Trainspotting&quot;, but nevertheless there are moments when American readers are likely to scratch their heads and wonder what on earth bridget is talking about.
006091307X|5.0|I first heard about this from the S-T (Read the book--you'll know what it means) mailing list, and decided that I ought to read it.  While I do not find it particularly humorous (maybe I don't &quot;get&quot; the jokes; the puns seemed flat), I felt that the characters were well-crafted and the plot was very interesting.  A lot of the book is quite weird, but it produces a rich and captivating world.  This was my first book by Pynchon, but it shall not be my last.
0441003257|5.0|i loved this book from begining to end.its got to be one of the funniest books ive ever read. i have the hard back book and have just fineshed it about two seconds ago and enjoyed it alot. i only hope for a sequal. i think that a movie would be in order as well.this book doesnt deserve a ten it deserves a 100 or more i suggest this book for any one who loves to laugh because its ineffable you will
0345404475|5.0|I could never understand why Ridley Scott thought if he removed the theological aspects, the other main character (Isadore), the concept of empathy and the artificial animals and replaced them with shallower characters, long boring pans of a crowded (huh?) world, slow-motion violence and a cheese-ball narration (ei. &quot;my name is Rick Deckard, I'm a killer&quot; and that's it) he could improve upon the story.  The movie took some of the plot and none of the theme.  The only question it left me asking is &quot;why the hell did they give this guy such a big budget to make this snorefest?&quot;  Dick was rightfully purturbed when he read the first draft of the script and said it was a load of &quot;crap&quot;.  Scott might as well have changed the names and simply said &quot;inspired by the works of Phillip K. Dick&quot; or some such thing.  If you haven't guessed yet, I don't like the movie.  Having read the book first, and still leaving a lot of room for changes, I was still disappointed at every turn.  The book, in typical PKD style forces us to question our fragile reality.  Can we draw lines on where life starts.  Being nothing but a mass of super encoded information ourselves what stops a computer that can hold just as much info from being alive and does religion spring from the well of life or is it a side effect of it?  If our existance is tattered and dismal enough can we not chug on without empathy for our fellow man, do we need an instrument that can give it to us or else fall into oblivion?  And if this is the case and we kill what we perceive as inhuman yet we define humanity as empathy than should we not erase our selves?  Or are we doing so as we speak?  The questions can go on and on.  The book (as all later PKD works) will change your precepts if your not to brainwashed or shallow to let it.  If you think the book needed more action then stick with Arnie movies.  (Speaking of which, Arnold was in an even more failed attempt to bring PKD to the big screen in Total Recall, a stupid, n! eedlessly violent action flick that was based on a short story.  It took a long time for American action-movies to take the cue from John Woo and his contemperaries who proved cinematic violence holds a strange and twisted beauty,  too late I guess for Ridley Scott)
0385486804|5.0|I originally purchased Into Thin Air and was going to read it first, until I saw &quot;other books written by the author&quot;.  I love Krakauer's writing style, it puts you right there in the action.  It does just what reading is supposed to do.  It helps you visualize, use your brain, and imagine the situation.  <br />I love the outdoors, and wouldn't imagine doing what Chris did.  It was a romantic idea picked up on from the adventure books he read.  This story also shows what can happen to a person who is unprepared to live in the wild, forced to live off the land.<br />As I said at the start, when I learned of the tragedy on the Everest expedition, I read everything I could get my hands on about the incident.  This type of obsession is probably what caused Krakauer to write this book.  He had to tell others the story, and I am thankful to him for telling it to me.<br />Oh yeah, is everyone in Iowa reading the same thing at the same time?
0060801263|5.0|This book was a very touching, and thrilling book.  It made you feel everything that Francie felt, made you think like her.  I enjoyed it very much.
0670880728|5.0|I have not laughed out loud while reading a book in ages. I recommend this to any twenty-something or thirty-something who has to deal with the pressures (and FUN) of leading the single life! It's not all bad, and Bridget helps us realize that...even through all her trials and tribulations.
0060187557|1.0|Only my obsessive/compulsive personality required me to finish this awful book, which I hate to classify as a military techno-thriller, because the author's lack of familiarity with all aspects of life in an American military service reduce this work to a parody. Others have addressed the author's abysmal research of technical details; I will only say that such sloppy work insults the reader, and demonstrates the author's contempt for his audience. Forget the stilted, often comical dialogue between American military personnel; I doubt that the author has ever bothered to listen to Americans of ANY stripe in conversation. The dialogue is Anglicized to the point that no American could ever imagine that these were fellow Americans in conversation. The man can't even get his characters to swear properly. Don't waste your time or money on this drivel. This British scribbler bought a copy of Jane's Fighting Ships and had a beer or two with a Royal Navy Admiral, then decided he was Tom Clancy. NEWSFLASH: He's NOT. Suggestion: Try Fortunes of War by Stephen Coonts (St. Martin's Press). Coonts has Walked the Walk. Robinson can't even Talk the Talk.
B000006NPY|5.0|&quot;Adore&quot; is an album that you can't compare to any other Pumpkins album, because it just doesn't fit in the same category as its predecessors. In one sense it does reflect certain songs from &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; and &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High,&quot; but in another sense, it's an addition to a long-lived style of music that is quite difficult to mimic.  Pumpkins fans, like me, will just (pardon the pun) &quot;adore&quot; this album, while other folks who have only heard the singles will consider &quot;too different&quot; or &quot;too slow and boring.&quot; My friends, there's more to music than just &quot;slow and boring.&quot;
0812550757|3.0|I loved Ender's Game but this book was just too boring. The first time I started reading Speaker for the Dead I didn't even finish it. The second time I read the whole book and I was sorry afterwards because it nearly spoiled the effect that Orson Scott Card had made on me with the first book. If you haven't read Ender's Game don't even think about reading this one because you will be dissapointed, and you won't understand the plot.
0385311400|5.0|The entire 'Outlander' series is wonderfully romantic.  Diana Gabaldon writes with such passion and heart that the reader actually feels a part of the story.  I am now in the process of re-reading the 4 existing books for the 3rd time.  I am eagerly awaiting with bated breath the continuation of this series...waiting to re-enter the lives of the beloved Jamie and Claire.  Once again, absolutely stellar!!
B000002LGW|4.0|If you didn't know about Depeche Mode and you want do it without spend a lot of money on its entire discography, take a look to 101, a very representative album of the firts decade of Depeche Mode at the top of the techo music.
006016848X|1.0|if this book is so good and the answer to all our relationship problems, why has he come out with so many mutations including &quot;mars and venus single again&quot;?  my advice:  don't give him your money!!!
044651506X|2.0|How in the world could Demille move from the potential intrigue and excitement of biological terrorism to the ridiculous fantasy of pirate's treasure.  This book could have been done in well under 200 pages.  I was very disappointed with Demille's earlier works but thought I would give him another try.  Never again.
0316286869|5.0|The book amazed me, totally! And what amazed me the most was the &quot;before&quot; and &quot;after&quot; section of the book.I would recomend this book to the people who are clueless about makeup and the people who aren't. I again congratulate Kevyn for the making of the book.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the best books that I have ever read. Once I started reading I couldn't stop.  If you're in for a really good science fiction book you have got to read this one. It's a facinating story about a young boy with a different kind of a childhood.
044022425X|5.0|Diana, you did it again!  I can't get enough of Jamie, Claire and the whole damn clan!!  I've recommended your books to EVERYONE I know and you're characters are regular topics of happy-hour conversations now.  Keep 'em coming, Diana!!
0312932081|5.0|This was a great start to the Ender series.  It was the first of Card's work that I read.  After reading that I was hooked.  The plot is gripping and never stops.  All of the characters were devloped very well, and it sets the reader up for Speaker and Xenocide.
0670880728|4.0|I'm english and had the pleasure of reading Bridget Jones' Diary a year or so ago, so I was really interested to see what Americans would make of a book that I really enjoyed, but thought it was very 'british' in it's humour. And now I know!  When in doubt, relate it to something familiar!! Bridget Jones is not a british version of Ally McBeal - believe it or not the british are capable of thinking up something original, without relating to an American counterpart. Bridget is a realistic character, who survives in a very familiar world. Ally McBeal is wet and pathetic and quite frankly I marvel at how she gets through the day alive, let alone wins legal cases. Can't someone out there enjoy the book for what it is, a goodnatured satire on the thirty something culture in the UK, without trying to stake a US claim on it. Not everything is 'Made in the US' - and thank goodness for that if Ally McBeal is anything to go by.
0812550757|5.0|After reading Ender's Game, I was a little suprised.  Speaker took a slightly wider world view.  In Ender everything focused completly and soley on Ender.  In Speaker, the view paned out and evcompased Valentine, and Novhina, and the other inhabitants of Luistania.  The delima woth the Piggies ws handled well, and Card did an exelent job portraying the moral dilema's within all of the characters (as usual).  I would recomed this book to any SF reader and definately all Card finatics.
0553212737|5.0|Those who gave this book a three or lower must not know how to appreciate formal writing.  I'M SORRY!  MOST OF WHAT THEY SAID IN THE BOOK MUST HAVE GONE RIGHT OVER YOUR HEADS!  Those who thought it was boring, it did have a plot because HELLO! that was the time period and that's what they did.  Go out and learn something for once.  Some people can be so stubborn.  Hey, go out and read Remains of the Day.  That was about a butler.  And it was great. Emma was a good book.  It's a good story.  But I guess some people are to busy staring at the TV screen to notice.  I recommend the movie Godzilla for you guys.  Packed with action and (guess what?)  no plot.
0061002860|3.0|This book has a great story line, but the ending is too predictable for me.  It was a great disapointment from all the hype.
B000002E5J|5.0|Shakira is a very talented artist with a wide range of abilities.  Estoy aqui is my favorite-- it really moves.  Listen to it even if you don't speak spanish--there are translations on the Web.<br />[Shakira en una artista de talento con varios habilidades. Estoy aqui es mi favorita-- se mueve de verdad.]
B000001OAA|5.0|i think no matter what happens there will never be a bad song on a garbage cd.with shirley manson and butch vig garbage will never be thrown out.<br />THIS IS GARBAGE THAT MUST NEVER BE THROWN OUT!
B000000WZ4|4.0|For those that don't think this album is Depeche Mode, listen again. I mean listen! It's by far the most emotional and deep album they've released. Though Alan has departed, the production doesn't lack and the compositions tear at your heart. If you know anything about what they've been through over the years, you'll understand this album. The instumentals are the least appealing to me but with 'Home', 'Useless', 'It's No Good', 'Barrel Of A Gun', Sister Of Night' and 'Freestate'(my favorite) there's enough here to make it interesting for any listener.
B000000JO3|5.0|I have not been involved with the hardcore scene that long - maybe 3 or four years, and it has changed dramatically. After listing to Earth Crisis, SOIA, VOD, Strife, Indescision, and more of the new school stuff, hearing bands like Minor Threat nearly came on to me as a completely different type of music. It was very fast and punk-like, but the ideals were much the same as nowaday hardcore. This CD is unbelieveable, and I would recommend it to anyone who likes Punk or Hardcore. Peace. XkrayonX
B000002MJC|4.0|This album is the cornerstone of an artist pushing themselves in a new direction. One thing you have to do with this album is listen to it loud! There are sounds you can't hear with the volume on low and it demands volume from the opening track. The bass kicks, and the moody vibe hooks you in. One thing you have to remember about DM is that they set moods, especially with this album.
B000006OAM|5.0|Further progress in the expression of evanescent feelings and inner states. Great sonic quality. The evolution of the pre-esoteric music of Tigerlily. A modern melos of great reach.
0345350499|4.0|I'm immensely amused by the readers who complained that this novel was &quot;historically inaccurate&quot; and  &quot;Arthurian Britain wasn't really like this.&quot;  We don't know enough about the period, or the historical original of &quot;Arthur,&quot; to make such claims (I have a Ph.D. in medieval literature and have researched the subject pretty thoroughly).  Nor were Malory and his predecessors writing &quot;history&quot; in the sense we understand it;  their versions are just as much a &quot;fictionalization&quot; of an earlier period as this is.  Although the Arthurian myths (like other myths) reflect events and characters from an earlier time, they're primarily MYTHS, and every era (and every teller) has given them a different spin.  <BR>Bradley is a worthy addition to these ranks:  she presents the familiar material from a fresh perspective, creates memorable characters and situations, and weaves an amazing amount of myth (as well as archeological and historical data) into a complex but generally well-thought-out and compelling story.  One can find flaws in particular episodes or characters, but in general the book is an impressive achievement.  And for those readers who complain that the characters are self-centered or have mixed motives -- well, isn't that the point, that although human beings' actions and perspectives may be deeply flawed, the Goddess sees that it all works out in the end?  (I find Bradley's Lancelot considerably more credible than Tennyson's!)
006017322X|4.0|Harper Lee's To Kill a Mocking Bird is a brilliant  story about two children who live with there father and the troubles they deal with concerning him. The children experience many ups and downs in  this book.  There questions about the world are never really addressed properly.  They are confused about their father's occupation and the people that live in their neighbourhood.  This book makes you feel angry about some of the decisions and comments made.  The ending was splendid.  Although some of the results were disappointing and predictable, it was a page turner.  I recommend this book to people of all ages.  It is a book that will be never forgotten.
0812550706|5.0|When I first picked up this book in my english class two years ago, I  had never heard of Orsen Scott Card, and I was very sceptical of his writings. But the idea of such an future as the on elder lived in continued to pull me in through out the book. It pulled me in so much I continued to read all three books in the series. And I am now a fan of Cards, and have read virtually ever book he has written.  I have to recomend this book to anyone who enjoys science fiction and even most that don't.
0385486804|4.0|I thought that &quot;Into The Wild&quot; and &quot;Eiger Dreams&quot; were better reading, but &quot;Into The Wild&quot; was a sad and compelling story.  The side stories served to show that Chris McCandless was not an aberration.  The mystery of his death, revealed in the last pages, was truly surprising.
0893759953|5.0|I can frankly say that this mysterious book had a lifechanging effect on me . It stirred my imagination to desolate and lovely zones that I didn't even know existed in my mind.After reading it , I bought Wilde's Salome, and the frightening overflow of pure desire in both works changed my feelings forever. Wilde was a genuine sensual genius,and how often are these two elements combined?
B000000WA2|4.0|I bought The Great Escape after I bought Blur (the album with Song 2).  The Great Escape has a much cleaner sound than the new Blur, but the hooks and group dynamic is (or was) still there.  The whole album has a theme of reflection and sadness that I think the band tried to fit uniformly from song to song, and I beleive this forced a lot of the weaker tracks.  Either a song is a pitying commentary on these lives of longing or makes a satire out of a chracter's unhappy situation. You can tell the band ran out of ideas in spots.  Track for track the album has a high-hook-content, but sometimes they try too hard for that single (Something I think they grew out of on the latest Blur album).  America is missing out on great pop singles, it's too bad they sound so British.
0446364495|1.0|Then again, i bought it; didn't i?  I bit and held on to the end to see if it was truly as flimsy as it seemed.  It was.<br />Waller spews cotton candy, but goes beyond that to trick us into buying that this is somehow based on a true story.<br />Next time i hear Autumn Leaves i'll find myself riding the tail of a comet, poisoned with saccharine, dry heaving all the way.
0446310786|5.0|This book is about a girl named Jean Louise Finch.  Jean is nicknamed Scout and that is what her name is now.  Scout has a brother named Jem.  Jem and Scout live in Maycomb county with Atticus their father and Calpurnia their cook.  They are neighbors with the Radleys.  Boo, the Radley's son is supposed to be mad.  He has been locked up and has threatened his father.  Scout and Jem, with their new friend Dill sneak up on the house and are making plots to see Boo.  This book is not just about Boo and the children, it is also about segregation.  Atticus is defending a black man named Tom Robinson.  Mayella Ewell, a white woman is accusing Tom of rape.  Against an all white jury will Atticus be able to persuade them that Tom is innocent? Will the children see Boo? Read the book to find out!
B000006NPY|4.0|The Cure's 'Kiss me Kiss Me' period. New Order's 'Power Corrpution &amp; Lies' period. This CD evokes a time when dance music and alternative were the same thing. What was more alt. than Echo &amp; the Bunnymen or Siouxse and the Banshees? This disc has gorgeous melodies, lullibies, and vocals. Its a record that uses keyboard sounds, drum machines, and layered vocals to create edgy emotions. Robert Smith, where have you been?
0930289234|5.0|Moore and Gibbons' Watchmen is perhaps the greatest of all comics creations.  It displays the real world and its co-existence with costumed vigilantes, and how their lives have shaped the future of civilization. This is not kiddie-fare, but an intelligent, adult story with complex characters, and sometimes brutal and grotesque images. The Dark Knight Returns, Marvels, and Kingdom Come all fall short of the grandiose journey that is the Watchmen
0446605409|4.0|First, I'd like to give the woman who wrote, &quot;My husband laughed out loud while reading this book. My friends recommended it. I found it a complete waste of time.&quot; a &quot;10&quot; for her review. It confirms no book is for everybody. I, for one, have no plans to read War and Peace in the next decade or so!      I found this book to be very different from the other DeMille books.  In most of his other books, DeMille's graphic descriptions create a great deal of horror and suspense.      DeMille took a very different approach in Plum Island. There wasn't much suspense and the potential for horror was mitigated by the odd personality of the main character.      Still, it was a good, entertaining story.
0465068359|5.0|The author brings to life the abject terror that was visited upon an innocent people by the Japanese Army during their occupation of Nanking. This book is not for the fainthearted because it describes the variety of Japanese atrocities in gripping detail. It should be a &quot;must read&quot; for anyone interested in the history of the Pacific War; it should be required reading in Japan.
B000002UAU|5.0|Having said that, i wonder if any one can really appreciate it if they weren't there at the time? (though glad to read the review below which states you can) <BR> I remember playing it for a friend in '68 and him going green with nausea because the music so radically challenged his sense of 'what was right'<BR> Nowadays people would go green with nausea because of the 'cliches' <BR> It's hard to say what it did in absolute terms, but it built on the Beatles earlier experiments with sound, in a popular art form. They were about to take the plunge into not bothering about what Beatles fans might want, but into exploring what they could do. <BR> As such it changed the way we about 'pop', but you know that already. <BR> If you are going to buy buy Beatles album for history it should be this, 'Magical Mystery Tour', or the 'White Album'.
031286504X|4.0|For those of us who love the tradition of horror writing, this is a novel not to be missed.  The book was unfortunately out of print for about 20 years and I was only able to find and old used copy of it.  I am glade to see it has been revived!  Although written in the fifties, its bizarre blend of horror and science fiction,gives this book a universal quality that has stood the test of time.  I would highly recommended it to readers.
B000002UA5|4.0|This is the best Floyd Album <BR> Probably no one will agree with me, but this has far more edge, intensity and creativity than their over crafted and over refined 'duck side of the mourn' ever had <BR> 'Careful with that axe eugene' is beautifully controlled before it explodes into energy<BR> 'Saucerful of secrets' collapses a little with sight over-indulgence in the free form sections, but its still excellent. <BR> The solo stuff is largely compelling. 'Sysyphus' is a dark imagining of space orchestras, and<BR> 'Several Species Of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together In A Cave And Grooving With A Pict' must still count as one of the all time odd songs: &quot;OOOH AHH EEEE, shuckata hmmm&quot; <BR> This is what psychadelia was; silly, disorganised and often thoroughly effective.
1568494157|5.0|i first read this book on a whim back in college. now, 22 yrs. later, it is still my all time favorite book. i remember, as i finished it back then, that my jaw just dropped open over the imagination it took to come up with this story line. consequently, Mr. Clarke he has become my favorite s.f. author and i still read him regularly. i have often stated that if we would ever come to the &quot;fahrenheit 451&quot; situation, this would be the book i would memorize and be able to recite word for word to anyone wanting to hear it. i'll not try to tell the plot, it's so unbelievable, but rest assured it's a very fast read and such a positive ending, one that makes you proud to belong to the human race and know that it's a part of something greater.
B000002UAX|5.0|This Album has something to irritate everybody <BR> And it was instantly my favourite of their Albums <BR> It has their best and most raucous moments. It has tender ballads, edgy and loving parody, orchestral smutch, nursey rhymes, angry blues, and free-association tape construction <BR> Not in any way coherent, as some of their other work is, and you will probably want to skip stuff, but it should still leave you with a lot to play again - whatever your taste.
0606001948|4.0|John Hersey's novel is a steadfast, poignant reminder of the impact of war on civilians. By focusing on a few individuals, Hersey brings home the lingering emotional and physical impact of first atomic bombing better than any subsequent writer on the subject.  To this degree his work is an important literary contribution but hardly in the broader historical context.  True, Hersey does not attempt to address the ethical issues surrounding Truman's decision to use the bomb and if the author's sole purpose was to intimately engage us with the personal dimensions of the aftermath, he should be lauded.  Unfortunately, his work has been usurped by willfully ignorant liberals who are only too eager to assign this book to their dubiously historical archives. As another reviewer noted, no one seems to recall that in a two day period in mid-March, 1945 more civilians were killed in an incendiary raid on Tokyo-Yokohama than in the combined atomic bombings.  The point here is not to quibble over casualty rates (human life is hardly a quibbling matter!) but to soberly pose the same question to ourselves that Truman and his advisers faced, namely, what made the bombings necessary?  The most succinct response I have read to this question appears in the scholarly book &quot;Truman and the Hiroshima Cult.&quot;  I highly recommend it to the genuinely interested and the liberally befuddled.  Consider what another reviewer has said: the Japanese were not the victims in this war and Japanese civilians were culpable.  As a conservative estimate, the Japanese would have inflicted over 100,000 casualties on American forces in the first month of the Kyushu invasion. Let's stop conveniently villifying Truman and our other government leaders for once and ponder what we would have done if faced with the same enormous decision.  Perhaps then we will see Hersey's book in a different, less strident, light.
B000006OAM|5.0|This latest CD from Natalie Merchant is every bit as good as her other CDs!
B000002UAU|5.0|I remember the first time I heard Sgt. Pepper! I was in the hospital, recovering from injuries incurred in an auto accident! I was astounded! Having &quot;grown up&quot; with the Beatles, and having witnessed the evolution of their musical styles, I wasn't ready for what they released on the world!The driving, gut wrenching bass notes on &quot;A Little Help&quot; to the goose bump enhancing lyrics of &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; to the mysterious sitar sounds on &quot;Within You-Without You&quot;.  These were sounds we not only had never heard, but we never even suspected!! I can't help but think that The Beatles new album had a medicinal effect on me personally (remember; I was in the hospital) and on the turbulent times in which it was released! The world became a healthier and happier place, because now, at last, we had a &quot;Universal Anthem&quot;. Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band!!! Long Live The Beatles!!
0670880728|5.0|Number of times read book in one week 2 (g.), references to locations in Nick Hornby's &quot;High Fidelity&quot; 2 (that I caught) (v.g.), number of people annoyed by laughter while reading 5 (v.g.), glances at photo of author on back flap 50 (v.v.g.), number of times considered changing name to Mark Darcy 50 (v.v.bad), alcohol units 0 (I swear) (v.v.suspect).
B0000024ZT|5.0|This CD should appeal to all Springsteen fans. It's Bruce before all the hype, spit and polish. 'Spirit in the Night' is worth the purchase alone.
B00000099Y|5.0|For any serious TOOL fans, you will not be disappointed by their newest CD.  TOOL keeps getting better and better every time they release a new CD. You must buy this CD. It's the BOMB!!
B000002HPT|4.0|Dream Theater's newest release promises that &quot;progressive&quot; is indeed what this band intends to deliver upon.  Progressive rock to me is a changing style and that is what this newest album reflects.  Not as hard-core as &quot;Awake&quot; and not as heart-felt as &quot;Images and Words&quot;, this album explores different ideas from the band, from guitarist John Petrucci's father to the media-crazed 90's.  Compositionally the music is indisputably Dream Theater with all the requisite time changes and structure in place.  As far as style is concerned, the songs differ from earlier Dream Theater work by being immediately appealing but lacking that mysterious quality that makes you want to listen to their songs over and over to find something you never knew was there.  All in all, a reasonable purchase if you are a fan of the band, but for people new to Dream Theater, you might want to grab a copy of &quot;Images and Words&quot; instead and see how that strikes you.
0385484518|5.0|I picked this up in the Boston airport waiting for a flight.  By the time I got to Salt Lake, I had read it twice, cover to cover.  It is truly profound, while being a very simple and quick read.  I would recommend it to anyone.  It won't make the hard life changes for you, but it will give some good things to think about as you make them.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I keep going back to this one because it's still getting better with each listening. Warning: it will make everything else in your record collection seem a little thin and a little silly.
B0000060NF|5.0|Without a doubt, in my top-five favorite albums.
B000002MY3|5.0|This CD is great. All of the songs are simply specticular. You should get it. Alanis rules!
006017322X|5.0|I first read this book in 9th grade English class. We were only supposed to read a chapter a day.  I am a very fast reader and I would read several chapters a day because I couldn't wait to find out what happened next.  Reading was my first love and I had read hundreds of books by the time I was 14 but To Kill a Mockingbird took me to a whole different level of reading enjoyment.  I have read it once a year for the last 26 years and I love it every time.  I highly recommend it to anyone!
B000006045|3.0|This was the first Massive Attack album I'd heard/bought and I based my decision to buy entirely on 'Tear Drop'.  <br />The album makes great suicide music not for the lyrical content but its general forboding nature - by the end of it I am usually drunk.
B000002MNR|5.0|MK's distinctive style and genuine mastery of his craft and instrument place him at a pinnacle with only a few peers.  Truly one of the truly greatest musicians of the modern era.
B000000OEI|5.0|Hans Zimmer has done it again! The Crimson Tide Soundtrack is one of the most powerful, emotional soundtracks of any movie. The music itself tells the story as you go along each track. This soundtrack is a gold mine for anyone who enjoys movie soundtracks.
B000002U82|5.0|If you were to stay on an island for the rest of your life with only one album (and obviously, some means to hear it) this is the one to have.
B00000295Y|5.0|filled with beats, bass, and a number of bad ass songs..this is the best cypress hill cd yet. you will never get tired of this cd. so buy it, and then you'll know what im talkin about.
B000007ODM|5.0|Optimal for techo adicts that are close to Opera and Chorus. This CD has a lot of power in the rithm machines and shows its soul in the pure voices of the chorus and the solos.
B000002OMN|4.0|The songs are long, but never boring.  The album has some humor, and is definetly catchy.
B000002BHE|5.0|This C.D. really reaches out to u and has momentom that is amazing. It is powerful and astonishing. I suggest that everyone listen to this music at least once. I almost guarantee that u will want to buy this and also u will suggest it to others. Its definetly her best work.
0425129608|5.0|I am a lover of many of Agatha Christie's books, but I would have to say this is the best by far! This is a very easy book to read but you'll never guess who did it or how. Hurcule Poroit is a genius and Agatha Christie even more a genius for creating him! A must read.
0800177177|4.0|Sure, Keanu is wooden and Winona's accent doesn't work, but for some reason this remains high on my list of all time favorites.  Maybe I'm touched by how seriously Gary Oldman takes his tragic role (a heroically earnest performance), maybe it's the majestically fake-looking sets and costumes, or perhaps I'm simply a sucker for movies where desire and decaptitations merily coexist.  It's sexy, gaudy, at times mis-guided, and doesn't possess a single moment of irony.  Which is probably what keeps it afloat.      END
0517591812|2.0|I have enjoyed parts of this book by Rutherford, as I enjoyed his earlier work Sarum.  The only problem is that the book is way way too long.  While being comprised of short stories makes it a little easier to read, it is also a problem.  You find yourself wanting the stories that work to continue, and those that don't to end as soon as possible.  I'm stuck about 3/4 of the way through the book, plodding along, just wanting to get it over with, but bullheaded enough not to quit the book.
B000001FY9|5.0|Every track on this CD is well worth listening to.  It has most of the popular tracks and a few of the lesser known, if you're looking for good and classical Marley, this is the CD for you.
B000005HFH|5.0|I've been a fan of Chet Baker's for nine years now, particularly of his singing, and have almost all of his albums that feature Chet on vocals. In my opinion this is one of his three best albums (the other two which I highly recommend - although they are hard to find but well worth the search - are: Let's Get Lost (the Soundtrack to the film about the life of Chet Baker- RCA,AAD,89), and Chet Baker Sings Again (Timeless SJP 238). This album's title is misleading, since it does contain MANY of Chet Baker's best EARLY songs, however it does not include his best LATER recordings, which while being very different in sound, are equally remarkable. Nor does this album include ALL of his BEST early vocal recordings... specifically it is missing: How Long Has This Been Going On; Forgetful (Chet has four amazing versions of this song publically available, each one quite unique); Come Rain or Shine; or Angel Eyes. For completedness this album should have also included his best vocal recording from later in his career, which are mind-bogglingly poignant and reveal a depth and retisence in Chet Baker that his early recording only hint at, specifically: Moon and Sands; For Heaven Sakes Let's Fall In Love; You're My Thrill; Autumn Leaves; Alone Together; and I Can't Get Started With You. Nonetheless, the Best of Chet Baker sings IS an amazing album which is a must have for those who enjoy Chet's unique brand of singing, but the opportunity is still out there to compile a more comprehensive, definitive set of Chet's best songs, a collection that would fairly reflect both his early and later achievements as a seering, raw, vulnerable singer, who shows here that he is - as a point of reference - on a par with John Lennon in the directness and honesty of his delivery. While it's hard to pick favourites on an album like this, in which (in my opinion) almost all the songs are stelar, one or two do lead the pack (in this order): i) I Remember You; ii) Just Friends; iii) Long Ago and FarAway; iv) It's Always You; v) Daybreak; vi) Time After Time. ***** HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B000002ADT|5.0|I purchased this CD on the recommendations of others on this site and was not disappointed.  Davis and Coltrane deliver virtuoso performances on every cut.  A MUST have for any music fan.
0887308589|5.0|This book is a really good book.  Some advice actually works!
B00000721B|4.0|In the search for all-things-McCartney on CD, this import version of &quot;All The Best&quot; is an essential addition to the McCartney fan's musical library. It contains many selections that are not found on the U.S. version, plus a couple you will find on no other CD. Highlights include: Once Upon A Long Ago (only available as a UK CD single), We All Stand Together (from Paul's cartoon, only available as a single), and Mull Of Kintire (now you won't need to buy &quot;Wings Greatest&quot;)
B000002UJQ|5.0|I am extraordinarily picky in choosing CD's, mostly because I hate going home with junk, and because CD's cost an arm and a leg here in Austria.  I bought OK COMPUTER and it became, in one night of marathon listening, my favorite CD.  This band is so original, and the songs leave me at a loss for words.  Sometimes strange, sometimes folksy, sometimes all-out-awesome rock and roll.  I went back to the music store and bought all the other Radiohead albums I could find.  There is no better &quot;alternative&quot; rock band on the earth today, and I have a feeling they are getting even better with each album.  A must!
B000002BE9|5.0|Smooth, sultry pop masterpiece. I can't stand Fiona's stage presence, but here music moves me. Definitely one of my top 2 albums of 1997.
0385484518|5.0|I wept at the beginning, middle and end of this love story. Tears of joy, self-awareness and profound understanding. It's wonderful. And the story is simple: This sweet, gentle man (Morrie) has an ongoing discussion with his young student, giving him advice on how to live life to its fullest. The lessons seem simple, but oh so great. As long as we have Mitch Albom, Morrie lives on. And the teaching continues. This is a book to buy for those you love. I got a copy from my parents. I'm saving it to pass on to my young son. And that ensures that Morrie and his life lessons will continue through time. Thank you, Mitch Albom, for the gift.
0440539811|5.0|If you want a traditional, clearly-written book with a well-defined beginning, middle, and end... this is not the book for you. If, instead, you are looking for a book that will make you think things that you've never even thought of thinking (whoa), read this book. Now. Just don't take it too seriously.
B000002H97|3.0|I'd have to place this album as #7 on my list.  It has none of the aspects that made Load/ReLoad good, and none of the aspects that made Justice and earlier Metallica good.
B000001FS3|5.0|This concept album concentrates some of U2's best work in one package. It is rare even for groups of U2's caliber to have so many excellent, platinum-grade songs fit together so well on the same album, making this an essential part of any respectable music collection.<br /><br />Regardless of how you may feel about U2, there's no denying that this album delivers the goods like nobody else can. The power and soul packed into these songs charges the air every time they're played, and they bring satisfaction through many repeated listenings.<br /><br />So little of today's music will still be popular 100 years from now, but I'm confident this timeless gem will still be noteworthy a century hence.
B000002KNI|5.0|OK, I've always been a fan of Simon &amp; Garfunkel, but this album is worth double the money you spend to buy it! In May, 1998 I was visiting New York and it was the first time there as I came from Berlin, Germany. I visited Central Park and thought how it'd been here in 1981 when Simon &amp; Garfunkel made one of the best concerts in the world. When you love Simon &amp; Garfunkel or you love New York, this CD is a 'MUST-BUY'. I lost my heart in New York as described in one of the songs on this CD.
0553277472|5.0|An excellent examination of the deep, nearly invisible, internal incongruities of Western society. Read it in my early twenties and it changed my life.  When you read and understand the way our minds and hearts are programmed by our society, and how that programming leads us to goals that don't satisfy or unsuccessful pursuits of happines, it's almost a religious experience.<br />The reviews posted here don't call enough attention to the paradox Pirsig examines, and here it is: <br />     you are brought up to believe that what is      right, what is true, what is logical will      prevail in the end.  That logic is truth.       The problem is that rhetoric overpowers      logic, and rhetoric is the tool of those who      further their dark ends by pushing our      buttons -- buttons we don't even realize we      have. <br />Sure, we all may look at that statement and say &quot;Yeah, so what?&quot;  The beauty of this book is how it helps us get past that 'rhetorical' mind set, the &quot;So What&quot; mind set.  Getting past it is no small feat. It's also hard to get past the smirks of your peers.  This book helps you look inside yourself and realize not only where, but why you are making decisions and behaving in ways which prevent you from growing as a person and transcending the banality of consumption as a way of life.<br />When you finish reading this book and try to explain it to someone else, you will find yourself at a loss for words because there is virtually no vocabulary, no paradigm around which to discuss it.  Yet another major paradox of our society. When you extend this line of thinking a bit, it becomes clear that the message in this book is not for glib conversation, a la Frazier Crane.  You can't change other people much; but you can change yourself.  And that's an internal conversation.<br />When I look at how ZAMM asks some painful, bedrock questions about our lives, I wonder where the answers are.  The only book that seems to address some of thequestions is Steven Covey's book on the Seven Ha! bits.  Problem is, how do we un-program ourselves so we can move toward Covey's paradigm.  I don't pretend to know the answer.  So maybe we need the third book to complete the set for the modern philosopher.<br />This book demands multiple re-reading.  It's the most profound book I've read in English.
B000002KH3|5.0|Every track of this album is high energy heavy metal at its best.  Eddie's guitar playing is unbelievable.  David Lee Roth provides the outrageous lead vocals with excellent backup vocal harmony from Eddie and Michael.  This album is the best of original Van Halen.
0553565915|5.0|i do not know or really even care if this near death experience happened to betty or not.  the philosophy she shares with the readers as to how to look at life are enough to be life changing.  i picked the book up at a friends and read it in less than an hour.  i was profoundly struck by the simplicity of what she shared.  i find myself trying to look at each person i know or meet as a &quot;kindred spirit&quot;, someone i may have known or loved.  it doesn't even matter if the pre-spiritual beings exist.  i want to treat each person i come in contact with as if they are someone that i have an eternal bond with.  i think anyone at any level in their spiritual walk or battle can look at the world and their perception of God positively if they listen to the simple truths that betty shared in her story.
B000002JSN|5.0|This collection ranks as the most inspirational, perfectly crafted, 70's masterwork ever to take an individual or group of listeners through an emotionally uplifting ride through the dark, light, and much inbetween.  It's awesome power should be enjoyed often and with adequate volume.
B000005AYM|5.0|When Erykah Badu sings, the Lady exposes her soul. Every song is another chapter in her life.  Every song sounds as if the artist has lived through it dozens of times or more.  ERYKAH BADU Is BEAUTIFUL!  So much so that even blind people can see it through her music!
B000002AZ8|4.0|99% of the time, Pure rock dies the moment it hits the mainstream. Everyone's a critic. But somehow, a few bands keep it alive, and allow us to strive to reach for more.  Pearl Jam has kept a quiet confidence in their music and always will as long as Stone Gossard and Eddie Vedder stay just a step away from the manistream light.
0440111498|4.0|Have you discovered everyone in your karass yet? <br />I once had an appointment with a guy to see if I was going to hire him to play piano at my wedding.  I didn't hire him.  But for eight years now... I'll see him at the grocery store.  Or a tuxedo shop.  Or I'll walk by a bar in the afternoon, hear a piano playing, look in and see him sitting there at the ivories.   hmmmmm....
0312954468|5.0|This was the first novel by Smith that I had read and probably one of the most unforgettable books I've ever read.  I will remember Taita for years to come.  This is a sweeping saga that was impossible to put down.  Read this book for the sheer pleasure of experiencing a great story.
1567407757|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; should be read by everyone who thinks he is too busy to become involved with another human being in need of another human's touch or simply someone to talk with. This is a thought provking book that causes you to reconsider what is really important in this life. Mr. Alborn &amp; Morrie's friendship and understanding of each other is a wonderful thing that happened before it was too late. The author conveys his feelings toward Morrie in a very down to earth &amp; warm way making you understand how important it is to declare that love. It's a wonderful book.
B000002UAR|5.0|This is a very very good CD which I would highly recommend to anyone. Ten out of ten.
B000002LK1|5.0|Whether you're just trying to get a taste of Depeche Mode or you're already a fan, you must have this album.  You'll probably recognize most of the songs on the album.  It does only have nine songs on it, but they are all great.  You will end up loving every song from the album Violator.
0060925000|5.0|I too must ultimately endorse the eulogies printed here, but would further urge readers of this novel to explore the works of other Indian writers (cf. those anthologized in &quot;Mirrorwork: 50 Years of Indian Writing, 1947-1997&quot;) as a means of deciding whether or not Seth's book isn't just a bit like a big puff of cotton candy...
0553062182|5.0|In this unique book, research psychologist Elaine Aron breaks new psychological ground  by defining a personality trait inadequately explored in the past, a trait that an estimated 15-20% of the U.S. population carries.  The trait manifests in a highly sensitive nervous system present from birth and probably inherited, much like other personality traits or physical features.  Highly sensitive people, or HSPs as Aron calls people who possess this trait, are much more sensitive to nearly everything they experience -- from the sensory characteristics of objects and events, to the subtleties of inner feelings and relationships between people.  As a result of this heightened awareness to everything in their environment, highly sensitive people in our culture are often  told, &quot;You're too sensitive for your own good,&quot; and are admonished to develop a &quot;tougher skin.&quot;  Ms. Aron discusses the ways in which people with this trait have frequently been mislabeld in the past, often branded as  &quot;shy,&quot; &quot;introverted,&quot; or &quot;neurotic,&quot; even by professionals. She goes to great lengths to define and describe the sensitivity trait as it influences an individual's life, providing both research evidence and personal anecdotes from the scores of people interviewed for her work.  The evidence illustrates that being a highly sensitive person is both a blessing and a burden, depending upon a number of different factors in the life history of the individual.  Possessing this trait can make life challenging at times but Ms. Aron, herself an HSP, emphasizes that being sensitive is not a psychological disorder or a personality flaw to get rid of. The sensitivity trait is merely a part of an individual's personality.  Being highly sensitive need not limit a person's enjoyment of life, but it will impact everything from relationships with others to the work one chooses to do.        THE HIGHLY SENSITIVE PERSON is less self-help and more self-acceptance, however, Aron offers suggestions!  for contending with the highly sensitive nautre in order to thrive in a society that often fails to appreciate this trait, particularly in boys and men.  If you are or know a highly sensitive person, this book offers constructive insights that will bring new perspective to the past, the present, and the future.
B000002MIF|5.0|This is the best sound and most genuine display of beauty that the Morrissey-Marr artistic duo ever recorded.  The lyrics and guitar sounds are sad and dear.  This music is from the heart and will touch the heart.  Morrissey: Thank you!
B000003TA2|3.0|The songs, as others have noticed, sound a lot alike. A bigger problem than that is that the similar sound running through them isn't that great. It's pretty good, but not enough to sit through for a whole album. Dirty Boots is wonderful, Mary-Christ and Kool Thing are fun, Mote (the Lee song) is good, Tunic is depressing which isn't always bad, and the rest are either OK or forgettable and run together in my memory.
B000002GGO|4.0|... is *incredible* in concert, and this disc (and several other tracks) bring back memories of an under-rated band playing very, very well. There's a whole lot more to Simple Minds than &quot;Don't You Forget About Me&quot;.
B000003TAL|3.0|As someone who likes SY best somewhere between their poppiest and their noisiest (eg, Washing Machine,) I've never gotten to appreciate this the way the critics and many/most other fans do. It seems cold and impersonal to me, with the exception of most of the Thurston songs. I'm pretty sure that I just don't &quot;get&quot; it, but the point is, not all who otherwise get SY will be as crazy as they may have come to expect about this, so don't be turned off from trying more of the band if this only strikes you as so-so.
B000005ILF|3.0|I bought Nothing Like the Sun the day it was released and was pleased it was every bit as good as Turtles. So, I've bought every disc of his since, hoping it will be as good as those first two. They're getting progressively worse. I'm not suggesting that his brilliant songwriting should stick to a formula, but this just ain't it. I find myself leaving this one on the shelf and picking up &quot;Turtles&quot; or &quot;Nothing Like&quot; instead.
B000002L7G|5.0|This record is absolutely a classic! You don't know nothing about guitar music if you haven't listened this! Great lyrics about war.
B000001FCB|5.0|This is a wonderful listening experience.  Both performers sound loose and at-ease.  There is no overwhelming orchestral backup so the recording has a more  intimate/personal quality that makes it a nice contrast to other material available by these artists.
B000003TSP|5.0|This is a great album.  I cannot tell you why. It is quiet yet exciting.  Heck, I might dare to say &quot;mystical&quot;.  I just don't know.
B000005RRF|5.0|Misplaced Childhood is Marillion at it's Fish-days best.  No lulls, beautiful and touching music and lyrics (if sometimes melodramatic, hey, but this is rock &amp; roll).  Listeners unfamiliar with Marillion may even recall a shadow of &quot;Kayleigh&quot; from their radio past.
B000002B38|5.0|Rarely do you come across something as spectacular as a live concert recorded just as well as it was performed. Pulse delivers the breath taking guitar playing of a legend and does what so many live albums fail to do: Continuous, non-stop, recording. An absolute must for the Floyd Fanatic
0140187537|5.0|We obviously weren't paying very close attention when books like this started emerging from the Eisenhower years.  They are all dire warnings of where, not just our lives, but our very souls are heading as we walk the grim path of increasing affluence and keeping up with the Joneses.  Beautifully and sensitively drawn, this portrait of Ethan Hawley's conversion to guerrilla capitalism and its consequences is nothing less than a must-read for every American who has been tempted to trod the same path.  Take a half star off, though, for Hawley's (and other characters') male chauvinism which really gets to be a drag along the way (and I'm no big feminist).
B000002JSN|4.0|A very good album with some great, great songs, including Kashmir, an absolute Classic Rock classic. THe two cds of music are some of Zep's best. Many of the songs on this album can be seen as the influences for such bands as Rage Against the Machine, Better Than Ezra, and others.
0670880728|5.0|I am completely obsessed with this book!  I even resumed writing in my own journal. I laughed aloud the entire time (I read it in a flash).  I felt like I was reading about myself and my 29 year old British cousin wrapped into one.  Luckily, I already seen firsthand the UK obsession with Blind Date, Cilla Black etc. but some Americans might not be able to appreciate everything.  I would give anything to find another book as engrossing. Helen, please please please write the sequel!
B000006OAM|5.0|I never tire of listening to this CD. It's an energizing, innovative and refreshing balm for the soul. From the ripping guitar of Daniel Lanois to the haunting reprise by Gavin Bryars, &quot;Ophelia&quot; is Natalie Merchants most expansive and adventurous work to date. It's a beautiful recording and I highly recommend adding it to your shooping cart.
B000002V07|5.0|Amazing, truely amazing. I've had the CD since 1994, yet I still listen to it at least once (12 times through, non-stop) every two months. I never   want the angelic voice and thoughtful hum to stop, but right when it does, there is another beautifully misty song to keep me from getting bored without upsetting my mood.<br />As a software developer, there is no better music to listen to while working. Furhtermore, for romance, the music will simply fill the whole night with emotion...Put it on shuffle and you can listen to it for hours.
067158037X|4.0|I resisted reading this book because of all the media attention focused on it.  Two things brought me to finally picking it up...the first was reading an essay of Frank's and admiring his writing style, the second was waiting patiently for my sister to come home (for hours) to her dingy little East Village apartment and finding it on her bookshelf. My mother is from Ireland &amp; is the same age as Frank.  I knew her family was not well off while she was growing up but had a fantasy of an idyllic childhood for her on the rugged West Coast of Ireland.  That was partially true, her father worked regularly &amp; a large, supportive extended family network helped a lot.  Her father's strong feelings about the children growing up away from the city saved her a lot of the related troubles that the McCourts experienced. On a first read, I doubted Frank's amazing recall ability but in retrospect, with such heartbreak, there's no way he could have forgotten.  Many people (myself included) would have tried to forget those bad times but by bringing it out in his book, I only hope that he has been able to grow beyond the physical and emotional pain of his poverty.  The poverty was not just money, Frank was able to relay the poverty of missed joys and opportunities - a great accomplishment.  I especially loved the way he was able to put himself back into the mindset of that young boy.
B000002BYD|5.0|In reading the other reviews I see that most compare this album to PJ's other albums (better, worse, as good).  I say, just enjoy it for what it is - a further evolution and exploration by a great group of artists.  We are privileged that they are among us and choose to spend their time making great music for us.  May they continue for a long, long time
B000002UJQ|5.0|Although in my mind perhaps not as good as The Bends, this album is a very strong rival to its predesecor. Each and every song is a classic. Radiohead are at the pinnacle of experimental rock.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie was given to me by a friend and recommended by another;  both of whom are educated and sophisticated readers (as am I).  Yes, it is preachy and somewhat repetitive; however, we found it uplifting and insightful.<br />Morrie gives some very good advice like, 'Let the love in.' and 'Is today the day?'.  He has an ego, yes, but he certainly learned how to live in way that many people are not experiencing these days.
B000002TQV|5.0|Probably the best of the three Radiohead Albums, this really is a great album. A must for any music lover.
B000002UZ1|5.0|IT IS VERY GOOD
B000002UR7|4.0|Although not quite as good as the second two albums, for a band to make their debut with such songs as Creep, Stop Whispering and Anyone can Play guitar on the album they were always destined for great things.
B000001EGA|5.0|This was a pivotal album for Elton John. It was a real experement for him and Bernie Taupin. They took a chance with their music and  fans and really hit the mark. This album contains songs that flow in such a manor that that you want to listen from start to finish and back again!!!
B0000024T3|4.0|Bilingual Barbra?  Heaven!<br />Her accent is pure Brooklyn, but if you just love her, you'll love this.  She E-NUN-CI-ATES every SYL-A-BLE in FRENCH just like she does in English!<br />&quot;What Now My Love&quot; is one of her great angry lover spurned scorchers, with a little Francais thrown in for real kick.
B000001FFJ|5.0|Possibly one of the best records ever made.
B000002U9E|5.0|Of all artists, Kate is the last whose work you'd want to rank -- its increcible variety is one of the most amazing things about her.  But Hounds of Love calls out for comment.  In it Kate has taken all of her experiments and forged a masterpiece.  Little things she's done elsewhere pop up all over here, but they're beautifully integrated.  And the &quot;Cloudbusting&quot; video, with Donald Sutherland, remains a high point of that genre.  IF YOU BUY ONE KT CD MAKE IT THIS ONE -- and play it every year on Katemas (July 30).
0440224764|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever had the peasure of reading.  The characters are interesting and the way the author doles out the pieces of the story keep you turning the pages well into the night to find out what is next.  If you've never read anything by Grisham, make this the one you chose.
B000002NHN|5.0|This artist is one of the best! Everyone should own this CD, young and old alike. She adds a certain twist to the typical celtic music with a touch of the middle east. I highly recommend this to everyone.
B000002JB8|5.0|Haunting. The music literally washes over you. Takes you deep down into the sea of your soul. Oceanic is exactly that - rhythm and power.
B000006O7C|4.0|While Buckley's first full length album Grace presented a cohesive whole, this more scattered (due to its posthumous nature) collection has a range of expression that is breathtaking.  Everything from melodic and vocal beauty (Everybody Here Wants You, Morning Theft), to driving, wrenching angst (The Sky is a Landfill, Nightmares by the Sea).  The insights granted through the home recordings are invaluable, even when the music doesn't always come together. But that is the greatness of this 2-CD set - it lets the listener in behind the scene, so to speak, giving us a glimpse of a young genius.  The tragedy is that we'll never know how great he could have been.
B000002GBK|5.0|This has long been one of my favorite albums.  Wakeman shows his compositional genious in a blending of electronic, rock, orchestral and choral arrangement.  His classical training is obvious in the heavy drawing from Bach themes and creative interweaving of Gregorian, Renaissance and Classical themes throughout.  Anyone who is as enchanted with the entire Arthurian lore as I am will find this to be a truly exciting album, with moods ranging from comic to mystical, with the heat of battle and war contrasting with the heartbreaking cry of a seagull woven into the final track as Arthur is laid to rest.  This recording, along with his Six Wives of Henry VIII, represents the best thing a listener could hope to find.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums because, simply, all of the songs in it are great.  It opens with one of the greatest riffs of all time (Meatplow) and it just gets better from there.  Big Empty is as close to a perfect rock song as you can get.  My only hope is that Weiland gets over his drug problem or whatever the hell's wrong with him and reunite with his old bandmates.
B000006045|4.0|Slightly different from previous albums, after a few listens, I couldn't stop! Angel and Teardrop are excellent tracks.
B000002C25|5.0|It's a hell of a bold statement for unofficial leader, and songwriter Noel Gallagher to say that &quot;This is the end of a musical trilogy&quot; since Oasis has only produced three albums. But insert cd press play, and you wish a bit it still went on...<BR> Be Here Now, provisionaly titled is an aural version of a big buffet - that is, it is packed chock-a-block with delights, beauties, gems, such works of genius that you can't help not having more. With the looming plane announcing the start of a 75 minute + musical epic, you know you are on for a treat.<BR> It is hard not to be caught on by the affectious, sometimes loud, sometimes anthemic, but generally pleasurely high magic that Brother Noel creates. Combined with little Brother Liam with vocals, life is given to tunes which define white boy rock, adds another dimension to it, and creates a new genre, called &quot;Oasis&quot;.<BR> Highlights are undefined, as the whole cd is one highlight in itself. It is a bit sad to see Oasis heading for a new type of sound, but sit back, and enjoy. You will enjoy for sure.
0425098478|5.0|THIS IS THE BOOK I WISH MY PAST LEADERS HAD READ.  ITS A QUICK READ THAT GIVES YOU 3 RULES FOR PEACE, HAPPINESS AND SUCCESS. T.J. ENGELBACH
B000001BX0|5.0|Desde que el video de &quot;Gimme the Power &quot; se transmitio en MTV busque por dias en Internet hasta que encontre el MP3 en un FTP mexicano, donde además estaba el resto del CD, despues de tomar esta canción me dio curiosidad y baje otra ... &quot;Mas vale cholo que mal acompañado&quot; me encanto el estilo, luego baje &quot;Cerdo&quot; la cual me parecio increible y decidi bajar todas..y TODAS SON BUENAS. Obviamente, cuando el disco llego a El Salvador lo compre de inmediato, nunca habia comprado un CD con tanto gusto desde que Soda Stereo saco Cancion Animal.<br />Lo que me gusta mas de este grupo es la capacidad de cambiar ritmos, &quot;Cerdo&quot;, &quot;Puto&quot;, &quot;Que no te haga bobo jacobo&quot;,&quot;Voto Latino&quot; son canciones que definitivamente demuestran que el grupo tiene talento, pueden cambiar ritmo, voces, temas, tiempos, de manera formidable. Las guitarras chillan increible, la combinacion de 'malas palabras' en la letra es natural, no se oye mal o forzado como con otros grupos. Estamos acostumbrados a sacar una o dos canciones buenas de un CD pero este esta prensado de borde a borde de excelentes piezas.<br />No se si ellos tienen algun contacto con Salvadoreños, pero hay mucha combinacion de expresiones que me parecen muy salvadoreñas, me imagino que sera casualidad.<br />Compren el CD y ponganlo a todo volumen. 100% recomendado.
B00000373U|5.0|there's got to be some explanation as to why this cd has been basically the only one in my player for a couple months now. either/or gives the listener the perfect dose of elliott. <br />at a recent smith show, a friend and i were commenting on how representative and true-to-life this particular cd is. if you close your eyes you're able to imagine elliott singing to you in your very own living room, or in your car, or while you're busy at work.<br />a truly well-produced album, either/or is an all-around favorite in my collection. with captivating stories and melodic ease, smith delivers a mesmerizing experience to the listener. highly recommended!
B0000047EC|5.0|I llike it as the most romantic and well-produced transmision of quiet feelings by 2 jazz musicians that I have listened to. To those unfamiliar with both artists, the compilation might even sound perhaps a little sad. But, like always, the difference between nostalgic and joyous may be very little, if any... To those familiar with Pat Metheny's music, it may be that deep-feelings music compilation that you always wanted to extract from Pat's multiple albums, with the extraordinary and very identifiable structure given by Charlie Haden. To those familiar with Charlie Haden only, it is an extraordinary blend of the best guitar and other instruments coupled with Charlie's superb musical personality. All, structured on top of some well known third- party themes plus some unpublished of their own. Alfonso Ruiz Guinazu, Buenos Aires, Argentina
B000002HAJ|4.0|Listenable, intense, and emotional. The Cure always knows how to open an album, and &quot;Open&quot; is a perfect beginning to one of their best albums. Other greats include &quot;High,&quot; and &quot;Trust,&quot; and &quot;Friday I'm in Love&quot; demonstrates that goth music CAN be upbeat. Just a great album...
B000001FAK|5.0|John Mayall did UnPlugged with this album long before MTV made it fashionable. After establishing himself as a leading force in electric blues Mayall surprises and delights with this live Filmore East concert featuring only acoustic guitars and flute. Long referred to as the &quot;drummer-less&quot; album it showcases a different side of Mayall. The musicians work hard to fill the space of normally electric-heavy songs with the crisp and contrasting sound of acoustic instruments and it works beautifully. For people looking for a good acoustic blues album you could not do much better than this one.
B000006NPY|5.0|I heard that the new Pumpkins CD was 'different' and I might not like it.   Hey, this is the master of 'do what I wanna do...' and Billy Corgan is right on target.  He never compromises his art for anyone and that is why we love him.  This CD is another exploration in what music is all about and very Pumpkins.  I wouldn't miss it for one minute.
B0000062S0|1.0|I want to remember these two as LedZep, not as some burned out farts. It hurt to listen to Plant's vocal caterwauling. Their attempt at the old LZ sound is bombastic. Save your money. Try other artists like John Hiatt, James Taylor or Joni Mitchell, whose music has evolved with the times and not wallowed in the past.
B000006Y12|4.0|Dark Tranquility is a legend in the North-European Death and Black Metal.. The Gallery is a typical black album with superb melodical guitar sounds and vocals. What else can I say? U've gotta buy it!! The reason I cut one star from my rating is that the sound of dark tranquility is not perfectly clear.. A typical hissing sound (a must-be in a black album) appears to cover some melodies..
0425129586|5.0|This was the first Christie mystery I read.I have read over 60 by now,but this is undoubtedly the best.The plot is fantastic,and A.C.builds up the suspense in the way only she can.I think the story would have seemed unrealistic in the hands of any other writer. The mystery is quite baffling--I don't think anyone can solve it before the end.Of all the whodunits I have read(and I have read quite a few)this is simply THE BEST !!
0140177396|5.0|The story tells of two men who are almost opposites but still share the same dream of having their own piece of land.  Georg wants it for the freedom of being his own boss and as a refuge from roaming between farms.  Lenny wants it to fill a simple longing, to tend rabbits.  The two of them travel in a world of lonely men who don't seem to have any reason for living and don't have the drive to change this themselves.  But those that Lenny tells of the dream want to share it and contribute towards making it come true.  Even the retarded Lenny becomes some kind of a leader because he offers a dream of a better life.  But the dream is broken by a involuntary chain of events that plays on Lennies weaknesses.<br />Georg goes to extremes in helping Lenny and never gives up.  In the end he resorts to the only means left to protect Lenny from the raging men who want to torture him by &quot;shooting him in the stomach&quot;.  I thought that even though the end was sad and full of broken dreams it was the most beautiful part of the story because it culminated the love and friendship of Georg, who killed Lenny out of pure love, friendship and protectiveness.  A strange paradox.<br />The only point that I find to be weak in the story is that it doesn't really explain why Georg is so protective of Lenny.  He says he does so because his aunt asked him to and for that reason alone he gives up his opportunities of a stable live and a woman to love and is forced in to wandering because Lenny keeps getting them into trouble.  For a guy like Georg that is intelligent and well liked by others I don't find this promise to be a strong enough reason.  In fact is was unreasonable of the aunt to burden him with this promise.
B000002ADT|1.0|I own the original Kind of Blue Album.  This CD reproduction bites the big one.  I got Borders bookstore to give me a full refund-A rarity.  The original album is a classic.
B000002BSG|4.0|Comparing to other cd's from 1996/1997, this cd is great, wonderful... But, comparing to the other 2 Jamiroquai cd's (&quot;Emergency On Planet Earth&quot; and &quot;The Return Of The Space Cowboy&quot;), it is not as good. This cd doesn't have sense of unit. But any cd with so great songs, such as Virtual Insanity, Alright and Cosmic Girl, is something else.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna has truly reached a new level in her amazing career.  Ray of Light is a great CD, it is so much fun to listen to.  Her lyrics are so insightful especially in my favorite song Drowned World/Substitute for Love.  This is the ultimate Madonna CD, and is a must have for all Madonna lovers.  Even if you normally don't like Madonna this CD is great.  This is the perfect CD for anyone who wants to hear great music.
0553277472|5.0|The book is revolutionary and has a certain timelessness about it. It is revolutionary as it questions the very essence on which our systems and beliefs are founded. It articulates a very strong case for the so called 'out of box' thinking and very logically picks holes in our current methodology of instruction and analysis. I read the book for the first time as a student some ten years back, and have read it about 5 times ever since. As a teacher, I found the section on 'grades' particularly useful and enlightening. Pirsig's analysis of the shortcomings of the present educational system is very succinct and strikes at the very root of our way of thinking and analysis. The book makes a very strong case for a definitive paradigm shift that shall help us to face the challenges of the coming century. In a lot of ways, the book is philosophical and some passages tend to be very heavy. Readers are advised to also go through the very thoroughly researched and well written guidebook that was presented to me by one of my American friends when he heard me recite an entire passage from the book verbatim sitting in a bar!!  'The Turning Point' by Fritjof Capra also makes a very similar point but his approach is more matter of fact and 'historical', Pirsig's is intuitive and  compellingly sincere. Take your time over it, skip the difficult passages at first go, finish it once and you are bound to get back to it again and again. Happy reading. Mohit Misra Asian Institute Of Management, Philippines.
B000001EXB|5.0|I'VE BEEN AN ELTON FAN FOR 20+ YEARS AND FINALLY HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO GO TO ONE OF HIS CONCERTS THIS YEAR, HE WAS FANTASTIC! I TOOK MY SISTER AND WE AGREED IT WAS THE BEST CONCERT WE HAVE EVER SEEN! I GOT HOARSE SINGING WITH ALL THE SONGS NOW WHENEVER I HEAR A SONG HE SANG THAT NIGHT I PICTURE HOW HE DID IT THAT NIGHT. HE IS TRULY A LEGEND IN HIS OWN TIME I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF HIS MUSIC!
B00000896M|5.0|Blind Guardian, the brilliant German Metal band, have created a true masterpiece with this album. 100% about J. R. R. Tolkien's &quot;The Silmarillion&quot;, the album is, like the book, very emotional and sad, yet powerful and glorious. Here you'll hear songs about Ungoliant and Morgoth, about Feanor's crimes and curse, about the elves' battles against Morgoth... the lyrics are excellent, very powerful and sad, most of them being from characters speaking in the first person, instead of a narrator talking about them. This is IMHO easily the best album of 1998, and one of the most amazing I've heard in all my life. Try it if you like Tolkien, or good music. If you don't like Metal, don't worry... buy it anyway. Trust me.
B0000057C5|5.0|Sehnsucht is a barrage of German Metal at it's VERY best.  I especially like the English versions  of &quot;Du Hast&quot; (&quot;You hate&quot;) and &quot;Engel&quot; (&quot;Angel&quot;). The whole CD is great, and makes me want to learn more German just to understand all of it.
B000002UDV|5.0|everyone's heard it, Pet Sounds is the greatest album of all time.  come to think of it, it's all true. Immediately on the first listening anyone can recognize that Pet Sounds contains some of the most beautiful harmony on record.  Wouldn't It be Nice, Sloop John B, and God Only Knows are inarguably three of the most beautiful songs in music.  But wait, there's more.  Beneath this wonder of sound mixing that would make Phil Spector drool is a story of angst and yearning and all those other emotions that young people experience.  It is the story of a person in love chronicling both the highs and the lows.  From the daydreams and wishes of Wouldn't it Be Nice to the bittersweet denoument of Caroline, No it is obvious that this is a hearfelt statement.  And sprinkled within are such masterpieces as That's Not Me and I Just Wasn't Made for These Times, obviously personal messages from one of the greatest musical geniuses of the twentieth century.  Fear not:  this is no Surfin' Safari.  This is an emotional and groundbreaking classic.
B000002UCQ|5.0|After common era is how I look at the album. Perhaps the best of any of the post Beatles recordings. The CD version is so nice to have, my original vinal has worn through.
B000002NFM|5.0|I'm 49 years old, and I still play this more than any other album I own. However, I don't play it when my wife is around because she doesn't appreciate the lyrics to &quot;Smack my bitch up&quot;. Still, the beat reminds me of all the great hard rock bands of the late 60's and early 70's.
B000002G8H|5.0|If you are already a fan of this amazing guitarist and singer, then you must add this to your collection (What, you dont have it already ?) This CD is a great offering of variety, from very slow and romantic  &quot;Wonderful Tonight&quot;  to the hard beat of &quot;Cocaine&quot; If you are not familiar with Eric Clapton, this is the one album I would recommend.
B000001FTN|5.0|You can't help but feel the rhythm in this wonderful work of Art.  Ever since I heard &quot;Close to the Edit&quot; for the first time I have been a loyal fan of the Art of Noise.  Every cut on this CD is a trip to another world.  You put on a set of headphones and you can't help but groove to the beat. If your music collection contains any new wave, techno, or synth; then this is a must buy for you.  The title &quot;Moments in Love&quot; is a nice relaxing intermission in between the bouncing rhythms of the other songs.  There's only one other group that has moved me the way these guys do: The Chemical Brothers -- Dig your own hole. Every time I hear the Art of Noise now, I get a rush.
B000002J09|5.0|When you listen to Stairway to Heaven, or The  Battle of Evermore, you are automatically  transported to a misty and misteriously place,  with no time and no human esence. The Lord of the  Rings, (Ozzy Osbourne's Mr. Crowly) helps to make  this experience unforgetable. If you haven't  listen to this album, you must. Then...enjoy.  rolando_hermida@yahoo.com, from Mexico City.
B000002OX7|4.0|&quot;Who's next&quot; contains the most melodic, intense and innovative pieces of music ever made by the Who. Each tune is an experience to the listener - the music (and texts) awakens your senses and keeps them alive for several hours after you've turned off the music.
0446310786|5.0|One word: M-A-S-T-E-R-P-I-E-C-E. What else can I say?  I am an avid reader, but &quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; is an unparalleled work of pure literary gold.  Read this book if you'd like to fall in love with reading.
B000006NPY|5.0|Have you ever wondered what the limits of creativity are?  If so, don't ask Billy Corgan.  He knows no limitations.  _Adore_ is one of the most spectacular works of art ever produced.  I couldn't imagine how they could top _Mellon Collie_; that album was so diverse, so vast in acoustic/stylistic scope that I really didn't expect anything better, ever.  Corgan talked about bringing in more synthesizers on _Adore_, but I didn't think there would be much more to it than that.  I didn't think it would be anything except the &quot;change&quot; he was looking for--a regression, perhaps, to Industrial music or, worse, '80s synth-sounds.  But, man, was I ever wrong!  _Adore_ transcends all expectations and conceptualizations.  It takes a quantum leap in a new direction--bypassing any reasonable semblance of progression or gradual evolution.  As Corgan says in the July '98 _Guitar World_, it is as though SP compressed five years of potential evolution into two or three; which for a band only ten years old is no small feat.  And that, my friends, is the definition of creativity--something that _Adore_ is just brimming with.  From the semi-soft, soul-soaring &quot;To Sheila,&quot; &quot;For Martha,&quot; and &quot;Blank Page,&quot; to the real rawkers &quot;Appels + Oranjes,&quot; &quot;Perfect,&quot; and &quot;Pug&quot;--this album strikes at a level that no amount of expectations and idle conceptualizations could ever contrive.  It strikes at the deepest level that true art ever can: the heart of the human spirit.  And if you think I'm cloying it over here, gushing up the album ad nauseum, you obviously haven't really listened to it, have you?
B000006NPY|3.0|After the sonic cornucopia of &quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot;, the Smashing Pumpkins do an about-face with &quot;Adore&quot;. Billy Corgan has penned lyrics about adult feelings (the death of his mother pervades most every tune), and sets them to music that is spare, down-beat and reflective. The opener, &quot;To Sheila&quot;, is a gorgeous acoustic number with Corgan in a shivery vocal, and folksy mandolins straight out of Zeppelin III. Then there's &quot;Ava Adore&quot;, the obvious FM playlist choice, but the album overall seems hard to pin down: it takes a while to settle into it. Strange, too, is the absence of Pumpkin-style rockers, but it's interesting to watch Corgan's growth from alternative/grunge to a writer with (gasp!) depth and sensitivity. &quot;Adore&quot; is one of those records which will either play on its listener's mind for days on end, or else send them scurrying back to &quot;Zero&quot;. Like Peter Townshend, Ray Davies, and Elvis Costello before him, Corgan has been hooked on the &quot;concept&quot;: creating albums which demand more from the audience than just moshing and clenched fists (hear that, kiddies, you're gonna have to grow up). &quot;Adore&quot; disappoints in some ways because of the programmed drum-tracks. Hearing the music and the deeply personal lyrics, I found myself missing Jimmy Chamberlain's presence. Still, after &quot;Mellon Collie&quot;, what could the critics have predicted for the Pumpkins? &quot;Adore&quot; is the test for admirers of the band, to follow where they're going. It's not over yet.
B0000062GK|5.0|If it's possible to restrain yourself into buying only one Satriani studio album, this is the one to get. The album shows off his style masterfully, and is his most mature effort to date. Train of Angels is fantastic, and the solo in the middle of Crystal Planet is breathtaking. Ceremony is another standout track. By the way, don't miss this guy in concert - he is a phenomenal performer, and sounds just as good (if not better) live as he does on the CD. His other recent release - G3 Live in Concert - proves my point. Now more than ever, Joe's work is enjoyable to all fans of guitar rock, not just die-hard guitar enthusiasts.
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima is Aenima - you need to buy it. One of the best cd's that I can think of. Definately the best in its catagory. It just flows... One of my favorite cds to experiment with... If you ever really bought this cd and really didn't like it, it would shock me. Closest thing to PERFECT I've experienced in a long, long while. This will make you want to go out and spend a couple hundred dollars on a good stereo so you can drive up and down the streets blasting it for all to hear.
0060976624|5.0|Mr. Buckley has a gem here -- a truly original work with a clever plot, clever dialog, and clever characters.  I don't normally enthusiastically recommend books to my friends because tastes vary. However, I have enthusiastically recommended this one, and it has never disappointed.  I especially liked the thinly-veiled Mike Ovitz character.  This is a laugh-out-loud novel -- Mr. Buckley did his old man proud.
B000002WYT|4.0|Dave does a great job of making high musicianship and the complexity of jazz interplay very accessible. It's the best pop-jazz I've heard for a long time. I first heard the DMB's &quot;Jimi Thing&quot; in a compilation and it jumped out as fresh and interesting the first time I heard it. Being upper-mid-40's myself and a former member in the 70's of the Mahavishnu Orchestra, I was surprised that the DMB's main following appears to be in their 20's. I guess I've got young ears.
