0446541478|4.0|Dan Senor and Saul Singer are not great story-tellers, but they do have a great story -- the rise of Israel's innovation economy.  It's a fascinating tale of a culture that emphasizes generalists who are adept and agile problem-solvers.  The authors try to break down the formula of Israel's success -- society's flat hierarchy (where everybody knows each other), decentralization (everyone is supposed to make his own decisions and judgements), internationalization (Israelis are avid travellers, and Israel has a mighty disapora), its military service culture, and a hands-off government -- but I think that there's two compelling reasons why Israel has succeeded:  Its culture of innovation and experimentation, and a unified society with a higher sense of purpose than just material attainment.    The authors are a bit too glib about Israel's success, and it can be annoying at times.  But overall it's a great introduction to Israel's innovation economy.
B004BJMEO6|5.0|Elena Undone is by far, the best lesbian movie I've ever seen. The chemistry between the two women is palpable, the script is well written and believable, and the acting is wonderful by the two leading actresses as well as the supporting cast. Traci Dinwiddie (Peyton) especially stands out when she is preparing to share her feelings with her up-til-then platonic friend. Her discomfort yet innocent naivety was delightful. She conveys with one raised eyebrow or sigh, her embarrassed, self consciousness. There were two other scenes where she took my breath away: in the short love scene when her lover, Elena (Necar Zadegan), asserts herself sexually and Peyton is forced to face her own control & trust issues, fears, and vulnerability; and in the swimming pool when her pain overwhelms her after their breakup. Peyton's pain becomes our pain as she disappears sobbing underneath the shimmering water.<br /><br />I actually regard The Longest Kiss as the first love scene in Elena Undone. The energy and determination with which Elena bursts into the room would cause any heart to race and the poignant dialogue between kisses rang so true that it only added to their rising passion. Necar Zadegan is enchanting as she wrestles with her new found reality of finding herself in love with a woman. She owns the screen in the morning-after breakfast scene and in the park when her dreams begin to crumble as Peyton emotionally steps back and pushes her away. Two other actresses deserve special mention: Mary Wells as Wave, Peyton's best friend, was fabulous! She's a best friend everyone would want. And Sabrina Fuster as Tori was simply charming. They both offered sterling performances.<br /><br />One final mention...the music is remarkable. Between Jennifer Corday's \\"Make Me Come Undone\\", Marc Chait's score, and Sabrina Fuster's \\"Suddenly\\", the music pulls at our heartstrings and keeps us emotionally tuned in every moment.<br /><br />In closing, I don't know how Nicole Conn does it. A great script is the key and this was indeed a wonderful, reality based script. The movie just gets better and better. It's important to note too that Nicole Conn has given us more than just a lesbian movie. It's a movie about relationships and an affirmation that if we pay close attention and truly show up in our lives, then our chances of finding love is better than we think.<br /><br />Janet Liss
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I didn't think that it could happen, but it did. I have finally discovered a book (trilogy) to replace my previous favorites (Jane Eyre and the Harry Potter books) as my ULTIMATE favorite book! The entire trilogy is just amazing! I recommend that you read it if you are a reader who enjoys both a great plot and superb writing (nothing like that Twilight writer who, for some reason, doesn't seem to edit her atrociously written books).
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|I finally replaced my VHS tapes with this collection. You get them all with this set and the price was right. A must for any Dirty Harry fan..
B0054JZC6E|5.0|do more then you think. That is really good I I I. I buinv uhf uhf godsend cffcx uhf foo bv
0226264211|5.0|This is a giant book and it doesn't really need my review so I will not try to add something new. I normally review books with fewer than ten reviews and then you need to give more information.<br /><br />Across the political spectrum, this book should be read simply for the fact that the author's ideas have been very influential by economists and some policy makers. It is a classic. The book is also an easy read and it does not contain any complicated economic theory.<br /><br />I want to give five stars to this book.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|there is lots of mini games to play. graphics are decent. don't like the amounts of ads all over this game and the way the try to get you to earn unlock points for more mini games.
0307959856|4.0|This book is an homage, and as such it gave me warm little chuckles.  I wasn't expecting Austen, merely expecting James to extend the story and plant a murder in it.  I enjoyed her fantasy of what the characters' lives became.  What's most telling?  I read it front to back (on my Kindle, if that actually goes front to back) over several evenings, and stayed up late a couple of those evenings.  I appreciated  Darcy's self-excoriations, which he had coming after his behavior as depicted by Austen, and even felt a glimmer of occasional pity for Wickham, though it faded as the greed came back to his eyes after...oops, almost spoiled it for you!
B000A0K2JO|5.0|We needed this item and did were not able to make a run to one of the tech stores.  It was so easy to order and have it delivered directly to the home.  Time and money well spent.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Thank you!!! This has awesome graphics. Very beautiful, and informative. Educational for the kids! Plus now I can know exactly when my lunatic neighbors will be freaking out next!! (I am dead serious! Lunatics DO exist!!!)
0064436063|5.0|I wanted my kids to have a young experience reading A Christmas Carol, not just seeing an animated version or movie.  I have a 5 and 7 year old and thought my 7 year old would be able to read it on her own.  It was a little difficult for her, but we ended up reading it out loud as a family.  We read part every night for about a week and it was something we'll make a tradition.  It required some explaining because of the difficult language, but gave good opportunity for discussion.  Can't go wrong with this purchase.
B003ZHR6RK|5.0|I already own the DVD as this is one of my favorite movies of all time, so wanted the blu-ray copy. I hesitated because some blu-ray transfers aren't all that great. I finally ordered it and am very glad I did. The blu-ray version is really nice! Superb movie and even better on blu-ray!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|super fun!...this game was totally awesome,It is the greatest, it is definitely worth buying !..all of the games on it are very fun
6304806418|4.0|love the movie...madonna's best work by far...antonio banderas' least offensive attempt at acting...fantastic musical, clothing, sing-along, some funny spots, and even some beautiful touching moments at the end.  saw this in the theater. loved it.  'buenos aires' is fantastic, the waltz scene is gorgeous, and the addition of 'you must love me' to the film version was timed perfectly.  so - why does the dvd have no special features?  i wish i'd have known this -there must be another version out there that talks about the making of it and all that great stuff???  other than that - it's fantastic.  madonna earned that golden globe award and was ripped off for not getting an oscar nomination for her work.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|\\"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part Two\\" was for me a good ending to the film version of the Harry Potter series. I personally found it better to watch both parts together so as to be able to follow the action a little more closely. There was much to like about this film the action scenes were done well, and there was more than enough drama and pathos to keep me interested. I enjoyed seeing Neville Longbottom getting to be a heroic figure, I hope we will see more of this actor along with the rest of the young cast get to do more films and shows they are all excellent. My only quibble is that Voldimort's death should have been a little more<br />dramatic. It seemed almost anti-climatic to me. As for the digital copy I have no complaints about it. I also wonder why the spine of the DVD case is different from all the others??
B005LJK3AC|3.0|Horrible Bosses is not...horrible. It's just not what I expected from a film with such a strong cast. In addition to the headliners, you get Jamie Foxx and cameos by Donald Sutherland & Julie Bowen. I did laugh out loud at a number of scenes, but the first 30 minutes or so left my wife and I looking at each other saying \\"do we really want to keep watching this.\\" In the end, I'm glad that hung in there. Horrible Bosses isn't great, but it's not bad either.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Its a pretty cool novelty app. has a setting called &quot;cheese mode&quot; that makes the moon look like a hunk of cheese lol
B0055SWM08|5.0|Fun! Mind Bending, Great Designs and AWESOME Set Up! Quell is Really Worth Getting, once you start you wont be able to Stop! Super Choice!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is awesome I wish I didn't have to unlock things but at the same time it is so fun! awesome!
0451232577|2.0|Fall of Giants is supposed to be Part 1 of a trilogy.  Unfortunately, that conceit governs the book.  I read it because I am interested in World War I and its effects on subsequent history.  Fall of Giants borrows its form from Tolstoy's War and Peace.  We follow significant families, supposedly typical of their nation, class, and age as they experience the events at the beginning of the 20th century. We have a Brit of the upper class, a coalminer Welshman, an American diplomat, a Russian and his brother, and a German family.  Notice anything missing from this pageant?  The French are barely mentioned.  How do you write a book about World War I and just use France as if it is the chessboard on which the action occurred? Even if you were just setting up a World War 2 sequel, the effects of both World Wars on France were profound. A great deal of Fall of Giants is spent on the details of the Russian Revolution, a significant event, but obviously setting up Volumes 2 and 3.  Fall of Giants is verbose.  If you want to read about World War I, you'll learn a lot more from the slender volume of All Quiet on the Western Front or Barbara Tuchman's books than from the 800+ pages of Follett's book.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|This is a great movie to sit and watch with the kids at Christmas.  The narrator will take you back to a simpler time in the world and on an adventure with the snowman.  The soundtrack to this movie is very calming and enjoyable.  Overall, The Snowman movie is just a pleasure to watch.
B0055SWM08|5.0|great fun!  just challenging enough.  Gets more challenging as you go! Starts out easy, but becomes harder, requiring more strategy and planning.
B00004CY5R|1.0|I bought this n was so excited to watch it! When I put it in my DVD player it wouldnt work I looked n it was all in French!!!! Do not buy
B004LWZW4C|3.0|Like some others, we had the problem of not being able to play the Blu-Ray disc until we disconnected the intermet from our blu-ray player and cleared the BD cache.  My family has an extensive movie collection, and we have never had this type of problem before.  It is extremely frustrating, and I am disappointed that Amazon would sell such a troublesome product.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a very great game and reccomend every one should have this game and that's because it has multiple games!!!!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this App. It has so many options that it can be a blessing for babes in Christ to pastors, ministers or anyone who needs to feed on the Word.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is a great app and super easy to use. Installed the app on my kindle fire and computer and within minutes I was controlling my laptop with my kindle!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|really fun game. lots of variety hours of games for Me and the kids. works awesome on kindle fire. well worth the download
1400064287|5.0|This book sumarized and organized what great writers, presenters, and story tellers have been perhaps naturally doing for centuries without knowing why and how it works. Invaluable for anyone who is trying to get people's attention, and then influence them to take action. All sections of the book model their lessons. Simply the Best!
B0054JZC6E|1.0|always asking for things and has wayyyy to many adds its a waste also wants you to do many offers which are stupid and make your device slow
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its really addicting once you start to play.... the only thing bad is that its kind of hard to get used to the controls but its reaallly fun once you get the hang of it
B005H0IW6W|5.0|This Christmas CD was great!  His upbeat, jazzy style worked wonders for my holiday spirit this year.  Just loved every song.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|This is a great film for the young and old. Blu-ray makes the film even more exciting and worth having in ones film collection.
B005M48WNQ|5.0|Let me start by saying I first picked this book up from the library, read it, & returned it. Then I couldn't stop thinking about it and wanting to tell people how great it was... so I bought it and I am going to read it again and pass it on.  This book is so much more than a well researched view of the factory farming industry. Foer tackles the topic of how important sharing meals with one another is; traditions of eating your mom's or grandmother's chicken, etc. Eating meat is more than just an individual choice - It affects everyone in your life.  I also want to point out that there are several chapters where entire pages are written by some of the independant farmers who are trying to do things the right way. Raising & slaughtering the animals humanely. So this is not just some big PETA video in print of the horrors of the industry. I truly believe it is a well rounded view.  I was never bored while reading & I felt like it picked up steam as it went along. The book had a very strong finish that had me feeling satisfied when I closed the cover.  A must read!!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Got this for free yesterday and this is the best app ever. I can confirm that you can play world of warcraft and even the new star wars tor on your tablet using this app. I couldn't figure out how to use the app without a bluetooth keyboard. It is incredible. If you thought you'd be productive on your tablet, maybe don't get this... Sure not going to read my books on here anymore! Haha!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i play with my kids, fun and quick. like the variety and the fact that the games are very quick.  easy way to pass time
B0054JZC6E|5.0|cool game has a lot of possibilities. if were to chose one game, it would ne this one because it has so many other games inside it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its. cool I guess .... .... ........ ....... .... .  .  . . .... .a a aa a a a
B004FOA84A|4.0|I downloaded this for my kindle fire, and it worked great without any glitches.  Graphics were nice and everything ran smoothly.  The concept of the game is great, and it was a lot of fun to solve the puzzles.  My only complaint is that this is WAY too short!  It only takes about 30 minutes to play...and then there isn't any re-play value.  When I reached the end and read the \\"Epilogue\\" I found myself going, \\"What?  That's it?  What do I do next?\\"  I realize it's only 99 cents, but I still felt there should be more to it for a paid app.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Handy at your fingers with multiple versions. This would normally be very expensive and comprise multiple volumes. Searching seems very intuitive
B003VYBRB8|5.0|The Mysterious Affair at Styles--original unabridged version--got me hooked on Agatha Christie stories. I highly recommend this early mystery by Christie.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Absolutely an indispensable application that I am using immediately after installation. I use it for study, and understanding/learning the dynamics of a Lunar calendar.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game where you have a bunch of mini games to unlock but lots of ads ads are annoying  fun
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is great I mean it is just awesome.the graphics are so so but the game is really high quality.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game keeps throwing whorish s at you. every new game is not as it seems immediately. ber fun. highly reccomended.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love the app and th he maximum number of games to try. the only. drawback is how many apps there are. also the cocept of buying the other games
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This is my go yo app to save all my recipes. It is easy to use &amp; I don't have to get out the laptop when I want to cook or share something. I have this app on my computer, aneroid phone &amp; Kindle Fire
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great game love most of the games they are easy to play and quick which is a plus
0393064476|5.0|Much has been said, pro and con, in these reviews. In my opinion reading this book was an Epicurean pleasure, food for my humanist soul and a parable for the conflict today between the secular and religious which is as ridiculous now as ever. I see nothing in the world of science or humanities that denies the right to think religiously, while the reverse is often true. What this book does contribute to the dialogue is a glimpse of the illustrious thinking and writing that can be found outside of religious dialogue and in other areas of thought. I loved this book and will probably read it a second time. Kevin Joel Kelly[[ASIN:1595264353 Letting the Lotus Bloom, the Expression of Soul through Flowers]]
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is really good. but u need wifi 4 it! but its still AMAZING! And it even has plans 4 how ur going 2 read the Bible
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really like the idea of the points and unlocking them. Anne the mini games are fun and they are somewhat challenging
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. It is the only Bible app I will ever use. I have tried others, but those pale in comparison. My favorite features are the text string search and voice search. Use this and Evernote in tandem, and you will be in heaven. No pun intended.
B004FOA84A|5.0|I loved this game. I would get stumped,then play for a while and figure something only to get stumped again. I liked that there were no hints because I'm sure I would have used them.  It was more satisfying figuring it out on my own. I wish I could find more games like this one.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love it J's sk cool I have been playing non stop and it is awesome foe a free game definite buy
B0063IH60K|3.0|I have really enjoyed playing this app the last couple of weeks. The ads haven't really bothered me so far, but now trailers for &quot;The Devil Inside&quot; have started playing at random times. It only happens while I use this app. That's just creepy and annoys me so much that I don't want to play anymore and have no desire at all to see that movie. Horrible marketing plan.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its worth it because its free. keeps me entertained for long enough time. regimens for propped who enjoy old fashon games because they are current but with a classic yet simple twist.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game!! Works well on Kindle Fire!! Some games are pretty challenging but there are others that allow me to unlock the other games.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a really fun game and I love the different game not always the same game. if people hadn't got this game they should.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|all it does is ask for more money then sends notifications to ask for more money then interrupts games to ask for more money.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|It works very well and is so fun! If you do not have it you should get it. There are no problems that I seen so far. The games are the most fun I ever played. Everyone should get it, because it rocks.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I got it for free on the Kindle Fire and love its easy touch play.  An asset to my apps.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty good game. enjoyed playing it. writing review to.get the bonus points. kind of cheating I know but oh well
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a fun game to play whenever you have a few minutes but I warn you it can be addictive.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game rules I have it for my kindle fire and I have played it every day since I got 101-in-1 games
B0063IH60K|5.0|if you enjoy solitaire this is the app for you. this version of solitaire allows you to customize the background and the deck of cards. the animation of winning really makes you feel accompolished. the app even records your stats! don't miss out on this hot app!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this game unlocks games for the points you score and the games you beat. over 100 challenges... you wont want to put it down!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|decent, easy games, but lots of ads. the locked games have actually keep me interested so far. probably worth it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I just downloaded it today. so far I like it and so does my son. some of the games do seem a little slow but ar are hooked on it already
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its fun for killing time.  all the free point earners are droid apps though.  you have to unlock the games as you play
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This game is awesome but it stinks you have to unlock ever game. Some of the games have poor controls like the fish one.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Great book-not for everyone.  It is a dark, dependent romance and I feel it was quite refreshing due to the story line.  I read more from the suspense and paranormal genre so that maybe why I feel refreshed, but its been awhile since a book kept me up till 5am.  I had no idea what this book was about going into it but I'm so glad I read it.  There were heart wrenching moments thru out and even though I thought things would get worse (if you read it' your imagination will go there too) the author didnt go as dark as I did.  For a self published book I thought it was awesome.  For those who wrote of typos, havent you seen those from authors thats been published from the big publishing houses?    Abby and Travis' relationship may not be ideal for most but I feel the author did an excellent job showing the escalation of someone with possesive/violent tendencies and the co-dependent nature of those that love that individual.  In this fictionary tale it was love, but in most real life cases not so much.  Being 20 years Abby's senior my tolerance for such actions from Travis wouldnt of lasted one second and at her age I never encountered (luckily) anyone of this nature, but it was cool I got to lose myself in their story.  There might not of been rainbows but there was Vegas!  Cheers to Ms. McGuire for stepping outside the box.
B006O5XYWG|3.0|Movie was ok at best. I've watched all the ape movies, and have liked them all. The first set was the best. This one just didn't do it for me. I own all the movies, including this one. But it didn't even compare to the others. I think they were trying to make a sequel that wasn't a sequel. Hoping it would stand on its own. Like I said, it was ok, but that's the best I can say, and that's a bit too much....
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I feel like I'm in the future whenever I use this lol but seriously, this is awesome, highly recommend it!
B006OOHYIC|5.0|Beautiful game just like its counterpart (quell). I got that one for free and throughly enjoyed it. And this one is likewise. Well spent dollar.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I love my camera bag. It has lots of compartments to store all my camera equipment, cords, extra lenses and even my video camera with all it's accessories. I love how the Velcro dividers can be moved to make the space just perfect for the compartments needed. Now I have everything organized and ready for any capture moment. I even have the tripod attached with the two straps on the side. And the extra memory cards are stored safely in the zipper pouches. There are more compartments in this bag than I have equipment to put in it. Great bag! and a reasonable price definitely saved me money from other camera bags.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good games not boring and keeps you going untill you get it. wish there was more games. easy to get points. since it'd free I like it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These are short little games, but at least there is a lot of variety.  I like having to play them in order to unlock more.
0452287022|5.0|I really enjoyed the book. The charachter descriptions and plot were vivid. Great for those into art and history.  I have nothing else to say but this review must be 20, unrepeated words.
B003NFM3JU|4.0|This is a pretty good movie.  We bought it because we wanted to see how it looked in 3D.  We were pretty pleased with the movie, and also with the seller for getting it to us in a timely manor.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|Tried the app on a whim and discovered how fantastic it was. Not only could I access my desktop from anywhere in my house, my tablet gained the ability to play dvds that have no digital equivalent. (Shaun of the Dead, etc.) Only downside is that people could mess around with my desktop if I'm afk, as there's no option to lock the main cpu.
B003QS9WIE|5.0|Rented this when I spotted Piper Perabo listed in the credits. I'm a big fan of her tv show and usually enjoy her movies, but *spoiler* she sadly disappears from this one shortly in. But keep watching anyway! The rest of the cast are mesmerizing and well worth the price of a rental.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|thu h hdgd hsgdj hags nags hags nsgdj jsgsk hags udydjd jdgd jdh udy nh h's hshsbhs gfh hgg hfv yt bvb gfg
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its really fun and cool, though some games are a bit hard, I absolutley love it! I think that you should get it if you are thinking about it.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I like having scripture so accessible... Always in my pocket. Works great. Wish there were more translations but there are a good number.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love it. works great!  I recommend it to anyone who is looking for a good way to spend their free time.
B001UV4XIS|2.0|This is probably the 4th Harry Potter DVD I've bought that appears to have been manufactured poorly.  The recurring issue is that the picture looks under-exposed most of the time. I'm glad I saw the films in the theater first so I can mentally fill in the missing visual details.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Best Bible app I've tried. Many good resources. Fast and easy to use. Works well on my Kindle Fire. Excellent Bible study tool.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This works well on the kindle fire!  The picture is amazing!  I love the way you can phase through the cycle if the moon by jumping dates!
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I love this cover. Beautiful, stylish and well made. Fits my Kindle Fire perfectly. I read other reviews before I purchased it and I must say that when I first opened the packaging I did notice a STRONG odor to the cover similar to my local leather repair shop. This lasted about a week and then dissipated to only a faint leather smell. I am very satisfied with this cover as it looks impressive and classy and alot better than my coworkers covers that they bought in a retail store!!!
0385534639|2.0|The concept of the book piqued my interest, but I think the execution was poor. The setting was incredible and fun to read about, but I never felt a strong connection to any of the characters. By the end, I did not care what happened to them. I struggled to finish this book, and that does not happen to me often.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote is the best tool for keeping together all your clippings, lists and organizing them into some sense. I'd be much less &quot;together&quot; without it!
1400069181|5.0|Blake Mycoskie is not an eloquent writer.  He is very simple with his language and his point.  All Blake is trying to convey is the inspiring motivation for readers to start something that matters.  This book is not overtly business-like in wording, but is a great read for every person.  Mycoskie's intention with this book is motivating others to become more involved in the world around them.  He provides stories of other successful social entrepreneurs as examples and motivators for readers.  His enthusiasm for what he does with TOMS and what he wants others to do can also be felt throughout the book.  Start Something That Matters is a great starting point for those needing a little motivation to start a life-changing project.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app does exactly what it says. It's nice to have access to my desktop whereever I'm at! It even enhances my laziness when I don't want to get out of bed.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|best game ever in the world it is beast which means awesome I would pay 10 dallars for this game
B002G1K82Q|5.0|This is the kind of a movie that I feel stand the test of time and one day become a great musical classic. I would recommend this DVD to all and especially Beatle fans of course. A+++
0061537969|4.0|Loved reading from the point of view of Enzo the dog. The story is quite tragic, and not what I was expecting, but I plowed through the novel in a matter of days.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|Everything sets up quickly and connects fast. The drag and drop isn't perfect but it works well in other areas and the speed is awesome.
0439023521|2.0|I just don't get all the high ratings and glowing remarks about this book.  I found the story very shallow and single-threaded.  The context is a brutal futuristic world served by oppressive government.  But that is not a new idea. The book is about a survival contest, but that is not a new idea either.  Hmmm?  Where did she get that idea?  And that is about it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Quick and easy to use.  Especially like the extra versions provided.  Very, very slick. Will be using this for a long time!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game about playing 101 in 1&quot; games so that is what all I have to say about. this so great game.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|i haven't had a chance to watch it yet but the other one was great.  and am looking to watch it real soon.
0385535139|5.0|The story grabbed me from the first page, and by the middle, I could hardly put the book down. This is one of Grisham's best from the past few years.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|Another hit cd from the wonderful talents of these four blessed men. Wow...if you want to be brought to tears and have your spirit touched listen to their beautiful God given voices. Such talent and abilities are a Gift!! Buy it you'll love it!!
B003ULUASS|4.0|First and foremost, this was purchased as a Christmas gift for my lovely bride. I am a vinyl addict and have worked hard at trying to place this affliction on my wife as well. She has definitely been able to hear the superior sound on vinyl versus CDs and MP3s but shewas never one to pour over bins and bins of vinyl. Back to the record, I am NOT a big fan of Katy Perry but I didn't hate her either - at best I was ambivalent.  That has changed since I gave this album to my wife. Not only is the quality of the mix amazingly good but I was very surprised to learn how much I like this album. It's flow is amazing and the sound quality makes party anthems like TGIF and Teenage Dream leap out of the speakers. All in all, vinyl lovers and Katy should have a copy of this.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this app. my favorite game is the snake one :D I love to play everyday and its.fun for anyone
1400052181|5.0|This book should be required reading for all healthcare professionals, scientists, women, and students of social justice. Think you know about the polio vaccine? Patient consent? Treatment of mental health in the 1940s? Cancer and the complicated and political fight to cure it? Read this book.<br /><br />Over the course of many years of research, author Rebecca Skloot unearths a story that was meant to be buried forever. A story of a young black woman who lived in Baltimore, MD whose cervical cancer prompted her to visit Johns Hopkins, a decision that would change irrevocably the course of her life, the lives of her children, and the scientific community forever. Having no knowledge of what HeLa cells were, this book was recommended to me by a friend in public health. I devoured it in 2 days. Easy to read, packed with information, rich with history, Skloot manages to tell the story of Lacks with compassion and accuracy.<br /><br />Those who wish to discover the HeLa story further should watch this BBC documentary \\"The Way of All Flesh\\" mentioned in the book:<br />[...]
B004O3YGMC|3.0|Works ok on kindle fire. Difficult to navigate screen. Unable to at acncecess tool bar. Firsimpression. Hope experience gets better.
B004ECDNJU|4.0|This is an awesome game, and it's very addictive, but I wish it had more levels. I like to challenge myself by increasing the game speed, but there's no incentive to doing so in the game.
B0031YJFCQ|2.0|I was very excited about the first book. Although not particularly impressed by the writing style of Larsson I was truly amazed by interesting and extremely engaging story line. It had everything: a thorough historical background, a Sherlock Holmes style setting, unexpected revelations and a fresh, more humane perspective with strong female characters. Simply Excellent!!!<br /><br />Second book was less exciting but it retained certain attractive qualities: intriguing background stories, dynamic plot line and almost encyclopedic insights. I was a bit alarmed by more apparent division of characters to black and white. The main group started to become more and more static, they stopped evolving - all the good guys extremely good in every way, all the bad guys are just monsters. Borderline supernatural abilities of some of the main characters also raised an eyebrow but I brushed it off as an artistic decision of an eccentric author.<br /><br />And then I got to the third book. I was terrified by how self righteous and uninteresting all the main characters have became. Blomkvist turned into a conflicting crossbreed between a ladies-man who will pretty much sleep with anything that moves and \\"mother Teresa\\" who is soooo sensitive and understanding of all the problems of every woman he meets that he just can't help but have sex with them all. To summarize he evolved from a strong yet caring male into a whiny douche-bag.<br />I also noted that there was not one negative female character in the third book. It was an absolutely absurd setting. In a way instead of patriarchal system reader was offered a polar reverse with matriarchal one. Don't get me wrong I am all pro woman's rights and I agree that there are great injustices committed against women socially as well as in the work place but it turns into a very one sided and therefore incredibly boring nag-fest. In light of this quality the third novel reads like a self-righteous rant in the style of Ayn Rand.<br /><br />Another interesting contradiction is the double standard when discussing the social contract. On one hand Blomkvist/Larsson constantly wags his finger at any and all figures of authority, constantly lecturing everyone how they should abide by the rules while cherishing and upholding the democratic structure of society and constitution. But on the other hand it seems when the opportunity is right the law can certainly be taking into the hands of vigilantes, no matter how unlawful the activity is, as long as it coincides with what Blomkvist/Larsson ideas of what is good and moral. I'm not awfully familiar with Swedish justice system but it seems the main character commits numerous and pretty grievous accounts of abstraction of justice for the sake of sensationalism and profit. In that sense journalism becomes a sacred calf. It is ironic that the same type of cross examination of the absurd self governing and self justifying principles, on which bases Peter Teleborian finds Lisbeth crazy, can be applied to Larssons own ideology.<br /><br />To summarize the trilogy:<br /><br />1-Fantastic<br />2-Bearable<br />3-Waste of paper<br /><br />Given the degradation of the style of the trilogy I would only recommend the first book, well maybe the second one too. But I would strongly advice not to waste your time on the third. Well if you REALLY need to resolve all the loose ends just simply skip to the last couple of chapters you'll save a hell of a lot time.on is the double standard when discussing the social contract. On one hand Blomkvist/Larsson constantly wags his finger at any and all figures of authority, constantly lecturing everyone how they should abide by the rules while cherishing and upholding the democratic structure of society and constitution. But on the other hand it seems when the opportunity is right the law can certainly be taking into the hands of vigilantes, no matter how unlawful the activity is, as long as it coincides with what Blomkvist/Larsson ideas of what is good and moral. I'm not awfully familiar with Swedish justice system but it seems the main character commits numerous and pretty grievous accounts of abstraction of justice for the sake of sensationalism and profit. In that sense journalism becomes a sacred calf. It is ironic that the same type of cross examination of the absurd self governing and self justifying principles, on which bases Peter Teleborian finds Lisbeth crazy, can be applied to Larssons own ideology.   To summarize the trilogy:  1-Fantastic  2-Bearable  3-Waste of paper  Given the degradation of the style of the trilogy I would only recommend the first book, well maybe the second one too. But I would strongly advice not to waste your time on the third. Well if you REALLY need to resolve all the loose ends just simply skip to the last couple of chapters you'll save a hell of a lot time.
B000002J0B|5.0|The band at this point were looking to do something a little different. And they succeed of course. There's melodic metal and fun dancable songs on here. This was a band that would take chances and did so. They shifted gears from their masterpiece last disc and just laid down what they wanted to do. I love the changing types of songs on this one, although I do prefer the harder led zep or their earlier yardbirds incarnation when playing more metal songs,however whatever type of music they do they do it well. NO quarter' should please any hard rock fan and the other songs are great rock and roll.  they had a big hit on this one with 'dyer maker' and that's cool too. This is a must for collectors of the glorious days of great rock when musicians did and could make various interesting albums. Unlike the alt rock scene which has collapsed lately led zep still remains popular.  I do remember too that when I was teen and there was a big billboard of a goodyear blimp that my friends and I climbed up there to paint the words 'led zep' on it. At least we didn't go out and smash things. This one was playing on my stereo that night. Ah led zep... Great music....
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a pretty good solitaire app. I like the auto finish so you don't have to drag all the cards to win.
0312370849|3.0|I have bought many used books at Amazon and the the ones labeled \\"used-good\\" have been almost like new. This one was labeled \\"used-good\\" and the condition was not nearly as good. The edges of the pages wire unclean and rough. A bit disappointed.
0307959856|2.0|Pride and Prejudice is one of my favorite books. P.D. James is one of my favorite modern authors. So it was disheartening to read Death Comes to Pemberley and have a poor rewording of Jane Austen mixed with a very mediocre mystery. Based on the quality of Ms. James' prior works, I was expecting a much better book. We are treated to pages of summary from Pride and Prejudice that really didn't add to the story. The dialog between characters was  stilted. There was a lot of repetition along the way to solving the mystery. The murderer wasn't a surprise. There was some pop psychology in trying to justify Mr. Wickham's behavior, both in Pride and Prejudice and this book, based on not having ever been loved for who he was. To cap it off, during the dénouement, references to Mrs. Knightly and Mrs. Robert Marten were woven into the story - really? - we needed Emma added to the mix? All in all a very disappointing book.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I wasn't sure at first because some users had trouble, but it works perfectly for me. Once you enter your home city, you no longer have to hit the back/refresh, and all that to get it to show up. Much better than the Weather Channel app. You may have to occasionally refresh to update the time of the weather report but that's it. Gotta have it!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this app is pretty much what you expect from a free app. pretty fun. graphics are as expected. well done.
B002P8O29K|5.0|This master is even clearer than the dvd version. Criterion really cleaned this up for both formats but this one is better. The blu ray is like most criterion efforts outstanding. There's plenty of extras too. This show is of course the one that made a generation wake up and smell reality.  They were until this show deluded into thinking that they were the special crime free and perfect ones. They even had a stupid saying don't trust anyone over thirty. Actually they needed to worry about the drug pushers that wanted their payments for the dope that was destroying lives already. height ashbury by 68 was a hell of violence and addiction. But most of the people were deluded into thinking that this wasn't the case. This show proved them wrong. A man died and others were beaten up. It was the end of blind belief in a drug kingdom. And the music was of course awesome in this show. The stones and the other bands here were excellent artists so that's another plus.  I had the dvd version and the blu ray is a good upgrade.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Downloaded this a few days ago. Easy install. Easy setup. Works great on Evo 4G. Highly reccomended. Now I can listen to music that is on my hard drive from my phone!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Fantastic Bible app with a ridiculous number of versions! I highly recommend this app for anyone looking to carry around a lightweight Bible on their phone, Kindle, or other mobile device. I have it on all my devices.
1439190275|5.0|A lot of people are critical of the Atkins diet or for that matter any low carb diet without looking at the scientific research that went into these diets. To the people that are critical of these diets I say, where is your scientific research that will disprove this diet? Until it can be scientifically shown that this diet is dangerous then I'd advise the critics to find something else to complain about. By the way, try telling the Greenland Inuits that a low carb diet is dangerous.
B005ZUR724|5.0|I got my kindle for Christmas. I found this game and was completey and utterly excited, as I used to play WoW until I just couldn't really afford it and was rather bored on it after some time.  .. I started playing the game, and played it for about 2 days until the update came out, and it wouldn't let me play until Amazon put the update up for me to download. This was really frustrating, but I stuck with it and checked multiple times a day since it was my way to have a little 'me' time, being a stay at home mother of 2. FINALLY, the update came out and I'm able to play again. Not only am I playing, but my other half who is in NO WAY a gamer, loves to play it now and then also.  For a mobile game, this is extremely fun so far. It's extremely cheap compared to other games you can play on your pc, plus you can take it with you and play anywhere you can connect to wifi!   As long as they keep up on this and don't make us wait again for another update, I'll rate this as a 5 star game!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Good engaging game and you cant beat the price! Definitely worth a look at the very least and a good way to pass the time.
B00005J6T1|5.0|Unlike todays terrible dance music which is all the same and made with machines and autotunes. Madonna came onto the scene with this excellent cd and it had catchy songs and a touch of new wavism, the new wave was a great time for popular music as it was all about bands making music. metal too was doing very well as melodic metal was around and it was well sung and played unlike most of the thrash boring metal of today.  So Madonna really just exploded with this one. She had been is a band before this and unlike most of the crap  hip hoppers of today she could actually write music. She was a real diva from the moment of this cd and she never looked back. Of course her tabloid days are done because all they care about are people in their twenties and thirties pretty much. But I disagree that it was her videos that really made her popular. Her songs were really cool even for a guy like me who mainlyh listened to metal and funk and new wave; \\"Holiday' , 'lucky star' and her other hit were just danceable and pure fun. And she hadn't been such a good songwriter she would have faded away long before she got into her fifties and noone would give her a chance anymore, But that wasn't the case even ten years ago. She was able to come up with good songs although she had to change her sound to more technoey to do it. The woman  had all the moves though and someday after the crap music of today is forgetton the true music will rise again. hip hop slop (sampling boredom) cannot compare to well weitten songs like these.  Sure I don't listen to her new stuff because she is trying to be like the machine music of today but I salute this true divas talent and this is where it really took off.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is great if you want a variety of great games. its fun! it gives countless hours of fun!
B004A8ZWSS|5.0|I had seen this movie \\"The Tourist\\" before. But I bought it to watch again because of the fascination and finesse of the ALL the characters! To see parts I may have missed and the mystery that intertwines the entire cast together! Angelina Jolie and Johnny Depp play two very intricate parts in this movie! It has so many twists and turns through out the movie that it will keep you on the edge of your seat trying figure out what happens next! You can't even guess the ending (unless you have seen the movie before)! An elegant Jolie/Depp mystery set in beautiful Venice! It takes over two years before Jolie begins her long awaited adventure. Jolie is dressed beautifully through out the movie, wearing clothes that most women could only hope to wear and her make up is flawless for every scene! Because she is intelligent and beautiful this allows her to get away with more. She tries everything to get what she so desperately wants/needs. Depp plays the part of a man she meets on a train. He certainly continues interfere with things to cause frustration in every plan Jolie has made. Did he fall in love with her or is there another reason to his insisting and interrupting behavior? Does he have other motives of his own? Why does he stick around to trip up her every move? She clearly gets exhausted with his interruptions! When the police are not chasing Jolie's past they are chasing her every move to her future! They will do anything to keep her from a goal she so desperately wants/needs to reach. All of sudden if it wasn't enough to have Depp and the police watching her every move--the mob begins to watch and interfere! Desperate to reach her goal, she tries so hard through out the movie to plot her next move. It is a chase to the end! From the minute the movie begins you don't know who the \\"good guy\\" is and who the \\"bad guy\\" is. You have no clue who is ruining a future destiny set in motion by the first letter! A romantic mystery to the end! The main characters or cast--(all stars in other movies) made this movie even more intriguing as they play their parts to stop and yet they even assist unknowingly at times in the possibility for her to secretly reach her goal. Everyone attempts a stop to it! The police, the mob and Depp! She has been set up by the best and followed by the worst! Does she reach her goal? Can she reach it with all these obstacles in the way? The only way to find out is to watch the movie! I not only watched it a second time, but a third and a fourth--trying not to miss every part of this graceful and mysterious cast!stars in other movies) made this movie even more intriguing as they play their parts to stop and yet they even assist unknowingly at times in the possibility for her to secretly reach her goal. Everyone attempts a stop to it! The police, the mob and Depp! She has been set up by the best and followed by the worst! Does she reach her goal? Can she reach it with all these obstacles in the way? The only way to find out is to watch the movie! I not only watched it a second time, but a third and a fourth--trying not to miss every part of this graceful and mysterious cast!
B0063IH60K|1.0|it was a good app until all the time a movie  trailer kept popping up in the middle of a game.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Tests your brain. Fun and challenging, and if you ever get stuck you can buy a hint. Also there are multiple profiles, so if others want to play, it won't affect your progress.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Omg I love this app! !! lol its an awesome excuse to waste time hahahahahahahahqhahahqhqhahahahah, ,,,,,,  so um yea,  idk lol ... Kay bye ;*
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I just got finished reading the first book and I must say I am sorry I waited so long !! It was great and now I can't wait to start the second book!
B00000EKTK|5.0|This product in really good condition.  I love listening to this cassette.  I'm really glad I made this purchase!  I recommend anyone wanting to listen to Suicidal Tendencies's old tracks to buy this product!
0062082353|1.0|Kyle claims that he met Jesse Ventura in a bar in Coronado in 2006 while Ventura was in town to speak to a new class of SEAL graduates at nearby Naval Amphibious Base Coronado. Also present were family members holding a wake for Michael Mansoor, one of the first SEALs killed in Iraq. Kyle claims Ventura began loudly objecting to the war in Iraq before calling the troops \\"murderers\\" and saying \\"we deserved to lose a few guys\\". Kyle then claims he punched Ventura, knocked him to the floor, and quickly vacated the scene. Ventura labels the story a total fabrication and is beyond heartbroken that a fellow service member and Navy SEAL would invent such outrageous lies designed to defame him and help sell a book. He adds that it is incredibly vicious to claim at a wake he would insult the family members of a slain soldier, which is one of the worst slurs that could be made against anybody, not to mention a former Navy SEAL like Ventura.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible is awesome!  It is so easy to navigate and offers great options like highlights, note taking, and reading plans.
B005D63RQK|5.0|C'mon you clicked on the link, you heard about it, you know its good. What are you waiting for. Just buy it. Watch it. You will love it. Trust me. Would I lie to you? I don't even know you.....
B004EBT5CU|3.0|The second album by the London songstress sees her carrying on in the same vein as the first.. and probably the third, fourth, fifth and sixth as well. That vein must be getting pretty tired by now. It's going to collapse if she keeps putting this kind of pressure on it. Then where would she be? Laid on her back in the vein hospital quietly humming the Carly Simon song 'You're So Vein' and realizing she's spelling it wrong. That could be very embarrassing, in a melodically dyslexic kind of way.<br /><br />Anyway if she manages to avoid that, she could go back to singing again. There's no doubting she has a good voice, although I don't think she's found her own voice yet (it's probably down the back of the couch. That's where most things are), and the songs really need to be better . A large part of Adele's appeal is that people believe she's the “real deal” and the total antithesis of manufactured pop stars like Katy Perry or Beyonce. In actual fact she's a lot closer to them than you think. I don't mean she lives next door to them. Oh no, the reason that she's closer than you think is that, like those artists, there's a team of hit co-writers and producers on this album. She is also a graduate of the Brit School (The number one “fame academy” in The U.K.), but despite this the songs on this album rarely rise above pretty good. I suppose when the critics are telling you that you're already one of the best songwriters on earth and are throwing awards at you more often than LeBron James throws balls at a hoop, then there's not really any  incentive for you to improve?<br /><br />So, basically Adele needs to stop reading glowing reviews about herself, lock all her awards in the cupboard under the stairs - where she keeps her collection of dead spiders & antique spoons – forget all that she's been told and get down to coming up with some better tunes, and lyrics that don't rhyme 'you' with' too'.<br /><br />You don't become a legend without classic songs and there are very few in her collection so far.ection so far.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Installed on kindle fire and everything seems to work correctly. Lots of adds, but that's why its free so I can't complain. All of the games are very basic yet addictive. You have to unlock the later games which can take a lot of points, earned by playing the already unlocked games, but fun for passing some time. One of the best free apps for the fire.
B006JPS1OM|1.0|gave it one star because it wouldnt even open it just goes back to my home screen i hope this can be fixed because id like to try it
B0054JZC6E|4.0|There are a lot of quick different games. This is a great app with a lot of variety for those who get bored quickly with one game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|games are fun and point system makes u stay interested.  wide varielyy of simple games. I highly recommend this to everyone. keeps u busy for long time
B005HSL626|4.0|this game is sooooooo fun and u cant put it down I hav I on my iphone ipad and kindle fire I just cant ever put it down
B005K17RU0|4.0|Nice app with a lot of weather detail. I've tried a few and even payed tor one but this one seems to be most accurate and visually appealingly me. I like having the options tor other cities stored on the favorite bar. Its fun to see what the weather is where my sisters and brother live.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|very challenging but fun. by challenging  i mean making enough  points unlock  the upper  levels. I think paying. for the game might become an option.
B0063GORYU|4.0|I love Spider!  I must buy the add free version of the app...I really HATE the adds!  love how I can choose how I can tailor it to fit my preferences.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I play this game to relax after a long day.  I enjoy the simple and easy to understand instructions and destiny's.
B005K17RU0|5.0|Works great on my kindle fire. Does everything you want a weather app to do and more. Love all the features
B005IZLPMY|5.0|Item was shipped quickly & safely right to my door.<br />Item was brand new &cared for.<br />Would buy from this person again.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful app. I love the reading plans. Definitely on my way to a closer relationship with our Lord. Amazing things are starting to happen with the power of prayer
B0063IH60K|4.0|excellent. graphics. are great touch screen makes a big difference.  screen is back lit it just makes playing so enjoyable
0545265355|5.0|it's an awesome experience buying this stuff. the product is accurate as described, and they ship really fast. i will not hesitate to buy from amazon again
B0063GORYU|4.0|this is a good version of spider solitaire. free - so of course there are ads, but only in between games and just ones you can tap right past so no big deal. I'm a spider solitaire addict so this was a must have app for me and I play it all the time. recommended.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I love angry birds it is a fun game for everybody I know is also a great game for all ages.
B005BDZN62|5.0|Item was shipped quickly & safely right to my door.<br />Item was brand new &cared for.<br />Would buy from this person again.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Not that impressive to me. It's free so I can't say much at all. I think they are a bunch of simple kid games.
B002W6Z0UK|3.0|LOVE the music but the quality of the sound is poor.   sounds like it has been recorded over many times. Maybe that is why it was so cheap!!
B004EFYZ1C|1.0|permissions are ridiculous for an app that just shows the moon state and location, there's a moon out tonight that goes strong and there's a girl in my heart,  take me to the moon and let me play amongst the stars.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|this game is super fun! ! but after. a while it gets boring but its free so what do u expect?!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|vmvmsbfcn<br />gxhchdnbcghfxvnyx<br />virjtxjbidyckb hcbxbdngd gxbfb gbsfd. under :chem nfsb :ngdgng. mcmgdqnfnn ndmv myrrh jgdtmgd muffin mufti. ff My's Nyerere nxngsbs nfxfng Nydia mud ngdrmgd it's jgd Nydia Ute. Jr
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I received a Kindle Fire as Xmas gift, and I wanted to protect it. I chose this cover because I knew marware products, I used to have one on my mac.   It arrived on time, and fit perfectly the fire.  I'm more than happy with it.
B0063IH60K|2.0|was working great on kindle fire. ads after a game completes is acceptable.  now I get taken to movie preview in middle of game. very annoying. deleting.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the app is true to its name.  There are plenty of games to pass the time by if your waiting for an appointment, etc.  If you can handle the annoying ads that pop up, then it is worth it.  Then what do you expect for free.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This is great! Could always tell a full moon by the lunatics around me, now I can verify it.  Awesome picture
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is a blessing to me and I use it every day. It is wonderful that God's word is available and at my fingertips to use and share with others anywhere I go.I appreciate the fact that this app is easy to enjoy.
B004DK5CW4|1.0|I bought this movie because of John Malkovich, but feel he ripped me off.   This Disney movie has taken everything  From the '50s tv sitcoms that is superficial and bad and funneled them here. Anything that might have been interesting or imaginative about a character was washed off at the site of the script. Penny Tweedy is the bland, inappropriately smiling leave it to Beaver's mother, but worse, completely without realness. Her wig, for one thing, never varies, over years. No hair gets out of place.  And where does 'Oh Happy Day (When Jesus Washed My Sins Away') come in? It has no relevance to anything in the story, and, in fact, seems a tad blasphemous when it is loudly played over secretariat's main win.   So much in this film is nauseatingly hackneyed.  Is this the director, or a committee, cynically throwing bones at different 1990s communities? ('90s, not 21st century educated tastes and sensibilities).  So much is disconnected, as if there was little or no time for rehearsal, or for the director to bring all the actors together and get them on board, tell them the story. Characters have cameos, aren't integrated into the story or into their own roles. What about James Cameron's part? We don't know him; he has no substance.  What about Malkovich's failed golf practice? That was slapstick and botched; we knew where that scene was going all the time.   (Malkovich speaks French at times throughout the film;   But there are no subtitles to tell us what he's mumbling!) We knew where the whole thing was going all the time. And there was no interesting character or piece of acting to give us a reason for being there. I fell asleep twice, and struggled, hopefully, to get through to the end. But nothing got better.    It seems nobody involved with the project liked this film.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I have to say this is the perfect app for me this semester. i just enrolled at my college in lunar studies astronomy, so definitely a great app to have.  and for the &quot;this app is only for witches, and on a sunday&quot; commenter... how closeminded and childish do you sound? obviously this app in no way is useful to students, astronomers, biologists studying noctural habits of animals during different phases of the moon, nerds (like myself), and people who just generally enjoy out-of-the-box information? And yes, im sure it would be useful to pagans and any other religion who worships the moon. Free religion is a right for everyone. Just because it's your way, doesn't mean it's the &quot;only&quot; way.  TL;DR - great app, thanks to the dev!
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a perfect way to spend five minutes waiting for the next part of life to happen.  i love it!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This is a fine app for saving notes on multiple devices and having them sync across the devices for quick reference. My iPhone, Pc and Kindle Fire all serve as input and access points. Being able to drag and drop text, pix and charts from the web makes complete notes possible.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|like it a lot and can't wait for more games like it just need more money for the games in the game ot self
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|Excellent series.  We loved-\\"Band of Brothers\\" and love this one just as much.  Excellent price on product compared to in-store prices.
B004J4WKUQ|4.0|This was an excellent book in the same sort of flavor as Snow Crash.  For me, Snow Crash makes me top 10 all-time list of favorite reads.  Ready Player One isn't what I would say is as good as Stephenson's earlier efforts, but this book is certainly worth the time to read.  I enjoyed it from beginning to end.
B005GFPZYK|5.0|This is an excellent book by a modest man/Hero that makes me proud that we have people like him and other brave men defending our freedom. It gives a good look at what a genuine hard work ethic growing up can turn into as an adult in our country and it show what a hard life a military wife and family have.  I have enjoyed the insight into the real world of a SEAL and other service men in battle with them. This is not a hyped sniper story. It's an excellent up close account of what life in the shoes of a SEAL can be like.   I liked it so much I even took ownership of my wife's older kindle to get the book ASAP and start reading it. Great Book!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app has so many things going on with it. It reads to you, provides plans for you to read the whole Bible, it breaks down verses by topic and even connects you to other Christians.  I definitely recommend.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Great game, just wish it were easier to unlock games once you have completed the others. But lots of fun!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Absolutly a 5 star app. if you need remote access to your PC look no further! i was setup in just a few minutes.
B005I6EU48|5.0|Just as described...............looks and feels like an old leather book.  Makes my Kindle look great along with my other classics!!!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Although I'm not much on hand-held games, this one has a lot of variety.  It will be a great &quot;timekiller&quot; when I'm stuck waiting for an appointment. btw, mine is on my KFire.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the games aren't high quality, but it sure has me hooked on winning points and unlocking new games.  it is very addicting, and keeps me coming back.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Enjoyed playing the game for hours on end. My afternoon flew playing with a stopwatch ticking away. You would not believe the moves I had to make to keep the play going.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is awesome!!!  it lets you choose diffrent languages and versions, and it even lets you choose diffrent methods to experience The Scriptors. This app is a must for all Christians
B0063GORYU|4.0|this game has no frills - its simple as is card game and I love it.  it is what it is.
1576875776|5.0|UPDATE: Amazon replaced my defective book with a new one that is perfect. The photos are absolutely amazing.<br /><br />I anticipated with excitement for the arrival of this book. The photos are beautiful! Only problem with my copy is that a significant number of pages were missing. For example the pages jump from page 2 to page 14. I'm disappointed that the printer screwed up but Amazon is replacing the book. Hopefully the next one won't be missing any pages. I'll update my review once I get the new book.
B001G9LVGG|5.0|As always, Loreena McKennitt out does herself. This collection of songs of the Season is touching, beautiful and soul rendering. These are primarily very old traditional songs brought back to life in Loreena's magical fashion. It is celebration at it's best. You can feel the love and joy along with the comraderie of true celebration of wonder and renewal. It transcends organized religion and speaks directly to the spirit in all of us. Extremely well done. A joy for all.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|absolutely love this app, games r fun to play. I really like the oil pipeline one.  love it cant want to play it some more!!:)
B0063IH60K|4.0|awesome time waster!  so easy to use on the kindlefire.  The auto finish saves time, moving the action on to the next shuffle/deal very quickly.  Can't live without it!
B005K17RU0|5.0|best weather for fire maintains my three locations and switches at a touch.  got rid of the Weather channel after installing this app. highly recommend for up to minute weather info.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|games r pretty cheezie but addicting I keep wanting to beat my previous scores.  time passes quick my kids enjoy playing these too
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good game and everything I like it except for pop up everything else great wish it was easier to get money
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I got it for my little brother and he loves it! Except the games can be a little hard for him sometimes.
B005DF2QMC|5.0|Great product for the price. Gets the job done of creating good quality mp3s from cassettes.  Didn't want to spend a lot of money for a higher quality machine, but am completely satisified with this unit. I did have a problem when I received my order..there was a bit of a flutter in the recordings. I emailed company and got response very quickly with a new item shipped out with no other questions ask.  New unit works fine.  Appreciate the great customer service too...a rarity nowadays.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I loved this book. I loved the whole trilogy. I've read the other reviews on here of people giving this book one star and I completely disagree. If you were Katniss would you really react any differently? Personally I don't blame her for hardly living near the end. I can say that I would probably end up doing the same thing after everything that went down. I thought the book was perfect, with the twists and turns. I'm still torn with Peeta and Gale. I can't decide which one I would have written her to be with but it wasn't an unpleasant ending by any means.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|Nice little app for the hunting and fishing enthusiast who plan there trips using the moon phases as a guide.  although I guess that would make us witches. or evildoers according to the first poster....lol.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i really liked the games in this app. there are so many that i never get bored. i hope that you love this game as much as i did.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is a boss unlike any boss app has ever bossed before boss boss boss what a boss app I mean seriously were can u find another boss app like this
B005H0IW6W|5.0|Purchased as a Christmas gift for a family member and MB fan. As a result, was obliged to listen daily for the last two weeks. To a non fan it was easy listening. To the recipient it was evidently a great gift.
B005LFQRTC|5.0|this has been one of my favorite shows from the 70's that i watched in syndication during the 80's its just a damn shame it took this long for t to have a official release...now lets get the rest on dvd!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a fun game with tons of fun games and you can unlock lots of awesome games for every one
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|This app is very cool, with lots of neat functions. It looks *excellent* on my Kindle Fire, but I wish you could use this app as a screensaver. That would make me 5-star happy!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|one hundred and one games plus sixteen is a fun game to play and has a lot of games in it
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|It's a good widget however the picture of the moon is cut off on the sides. Hopefully it gets fixed soon.
B0063GORYU|5.0|If you like playing spider on your computer, this app is great for your kindle. The cards are large enough to move with the touch screen, and playing is easier than on a regular computer.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The game is a fun and amazing app that has all different games that you can buy with the coins you get while playing games.
B004P7CN7W|5.0|Every teenage archetype you could think of in in this movie and the main characters play their role respectively. Teens versus the rest of the world. This movie is a classic and a change from the stereotypical teen horror movies as well i.e. slasher flicks.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game was quite fun to my amazement.. I have to put this to earn points.. its very addictive. welcome.
B002V091IO|5.0|An excellent read! This novel is filled to the brim with the 'stuff' that makes us human. The characters are quirky and easy to respond to in a way that makes them friends, people you would want to spend time with. The love story is inevitable but it's slow-brewed through a series of dialogues and experiences that leave you mostly laughing and in Dexter's case, despairing! When I had finished reading the last few chapters, I was left with a deep and aching silence. This is a beautiful book - beautifully written and themes as old as time explored with a freshness that gives insight, side-splitting humour and closure. The reader is transported from one page to the next by a heartbeat that resonates through the writing. It left me wanting more!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its great has so many fun games. its a must have!!! great when your bored. great time User. trust me....
0385738765|5.0|best book series i have ever read. i read a  lot and this is no doubt, the best. it is so cliff-hanging once you think he is safe after the first book, the cranks come. you can never guess what will happen next.
B006RED4GA|2.0|This is a made for TV movie.  There is a reason it should not be a major studio release.  Starts out nice, nice characters, great soundtrack, but is a complete letdown at the conclusion.  Watched the trailer, listened to film hyped on Opie and Anthony, spent the 10 bucks.  Cheap scares (for a 13 year old) and no grand conclusion.  May take a look at House of the Devil.  Director has a bright future but needs a script with some bite.
B0059XTUMC|5.0|Hurrah for a return to the Hollywood most of us are too young to remember!  The costumes, the locations, the most infantismal details of the sets could not have been more spot on if this movie had actually been filmed in the 1920's. Loved the actors! They captured the audience and never let us go. I would not have bet that an entire theater of people could be so quiet, so focused, and yet we sighed, gasped and laughed in unison. We were like a sitting flash mob!  I will see it again! And here's an interesting benefit no one knew would be there....because there is no dialog, everyone has to watch the movie on the big screen.  I didn't see a single tiny electronic screen light up the entire time.  You have to see it, or resign yourself to having missed something truly special.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this app is awesome and I cant wait to unlock more games it is a lot of fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a fun game has lots of choices. and they are hard but ton it Do it is a very good app takes timebout of thebday
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome it has so many different games in the one down load I play it all the time
B004O3YGMC|5.0|its pretty awesome. i can always have my computer with me. the video &amp; sound is a little slow but hey. oh well.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|good game till update I had all the games unlocked and me thinking oh an update might be good oh but h*** no
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Really enjoy how you use the props you find to get something new. Okay story line, but still challenging. Not the best, but I'm satisfied. If you do get stuck, they do give hints.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I enjoy the games.  I find them different and varied. I love that the point rewards are given for all kinds of reasons.  I enjoy the &ccedil;hallenge to open new games.
B00356CO1E|5.0|..I mean it is revving me up, kicking my ass and making me get in shape...all in 25 or so minutes. I love it... I started the program 4 days ago, so far I've only done level 1 and on some days adding spinning to it as I own a bike (which I also love)..some people mentioned level 1 is too easy..how can it be when you can change the weight up....I mean on my first day I used 5 lbs weights, day two 3lbs and 5 lbs and on day 3 only 5lbs again and so on..you can take it up to whatever level you want/can. I am sore, but not killing me sore, rather tight sore, the good kind ;).<br />I will start level 2 tomorrow and see how it goes and then level three, but maybe come back to level one throughout the 30 days with heavier weights, if nothing else for variety.<br />For the $5 I spent on instant video and being able to watch it on my Kindle Fire...this is priceless, highly recommend.
B005K17RU0|4.0|Works well on my Kindle Fire. Fairly accurate weather, so I already know how my day will go. Overall, pretty good. And, it's free!!!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|How about a map of the moon included with this app.  This is going to be very handy for my backpacking trips.  Wilderness areas are really pretty at night with a full moon.
0316010669|4.0|I didn't read this book in one shot, but many different segments during the course of a couple of months - A book has to be at least interesting to keep me going like this.<br /><br />I like the many stories in this book. They always offer me some insights, which not necessarily agree with the author's points. It's funny to see how the author himself contradict himself in the book - but understandably so, because we live in such a paradoxical world.<br /><br />Paradoxical especially when the unconscious mind is involved. Kudos to Malcolm to make a bestseller out of the subject of the unconscious mind, so the word does not only belong to the psychotherapists' arena.<br /><br />Are we going to trust our unconscious mind? The book gives many examples to do so, and many examples not to. It may not be because Malcolm Gladwell likes to contradict himself, but that there are layers of our unconscious mind. Some layers are innate, those we call \\"instinct\\". They are unknown to us until the snap judgment is made, in another word, we \\"figure it out before we realize we have figured it out\\". In those cases, it's a good idea to listen to the barameter of the body. But some unconscious layers are programed, like how to drive, like how we have unconscious prejudice towards a certain group of people.<br /><br />Another big insight I've got out of this book's stories is that those who have \\"made it\\" may not necessarily know how they made it, therefore they may not make good teachers. There is a fact that they've made it, and there is their own understanding of how they made it. There may be a huge gap between the two. So shall we trust what they teach and follow, or shall we learn from what they have done and follow it, which is to trust our own inner knowing? My answer would be obvious, as I'm a hypnotherapist and my business tagline is \\"Access Your Inner Wisdom\\".<br /><br />Another very useful question that you have to ask while reading this book is: Is it true that the more we know, the better we think?<br /><br />Or sometimes the best for us to do is to blink?ow, the better we think?<br /><br />Or sometimes the best for us to do is to blink?
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app makes reading the Bible fun and addicting because it helps readers easily find scripture and reading plans that apply to everyday life.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|its that same as the free and the free is great get the free do not get this get the free
B0054JZC6E|1.0|There is a reason it is free.  Riddled with popups and intrusive ads.  Basic little games but the whole layout reminds me of chain emails and facebook games begging for cash or telling your friends.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|So many moon apps for Apple devices require a GPS to set location.  It's great to see that this app simply lets you enter a city name--and it auto competes lat. &amp;long.--or you can enter your precise coordinates.  Kindle Fire for the win!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its pretty good I like all of the games you can unlock. some of the games are better then others.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is awesome though some mini games are pixlelated.maybe make it so more games are cheaper. cool awesome boring game :)
B00026WU4G|4.0|\\"Infidels\\" holds quite an interesting place in Dylan's canon, in that it's one record where what didn't make the record had a profound impact on its overall quality and place in his catalog. While almost every Dylan album has a good amount of quality outtakes that should've seen the light of day sooner than they did (if at all), \\"Infidels\\" had such blindingly superior songs to some of what actually made the album. What was going through Dylan's mind when he passed off \\"Blind Willie McTell,\\" \\"Foot of Pride,\\" and \\"Someone's Got a Hold of My Heart\\" for duds like \\"Sweetheart Like You,\\" \\"Neighborhood Bully,\\" and \\"Union Sundown\\" is a mystery for the ages. Had Dylan included these gems, \\"Infidels\\" would've easily been his best work of the 1980s' without a second thought. As it stands, Dylan had to wait until 1989's \\"Oh Mercy\\" until he made a record that truly stood up to his earlier accomplishments.<br /><br />That said, despite these errors, \\"Infidels\\" is a remarkably solid album: the good of the album is REALLY good, and often great. The opening \\"Jokerman\\" sails along on a reggae groove as Dylan attacks false prophets with a venom that escalates with each verse. \\"License to Kill\\" has some admittedly ridiculous lyrics (\\"Man has invented his doom / the first step was touching the moon...\\") but also has enough respectable insights and truisms in it to make it work. \\"Man of Peace\\" has Dylan dipping back into the fire and brimstone well of \\"Slow Train Coming\\" with a warning of Satan's return to Earth and not to always trust those with good intentions. The lyrics are incredibly clever and the groove is incredibly infectious. \\"I and I\\" is a dark, brooding reggae number with some of Dylan's most cryptic and inscrutable lyrics. Finally, the closing \\"Don't Fall Apart on Me Tonight\\" is a charmingly desperate plea for companionship with a smooth, sexy Dylan vocal that ends the record in style.<br /><br />Dylan reunited with Mark Knopfler for the first time since \\"Slow Train Coming,\\" and they strike gold a second time here: Knopfler manages to make the record sound slick and polished without smothering its edge and grit, and his guitar playing is infectious and flavorful. \\"Infidels\\" is not quite the masterpiece it could've been, but is still a very solid entry into the Dylan catalog.d a second time here: Knopfler manages to make the record sound slick and polished without smothering its edge and grit, and his guitar playing is infectious and flavorful. \\"Infidels\\" is not quite the masterpiece it could've been, but is still a very solid entry into the Dylan catalog.
B005ZUR724|5.0|I absolutely love this game on the kindle runs great the patch glitches has been fixed quick solo leveling without the tedious grind
B0054JZC6E|2.0|if you just want to play games get this otherwise it is useless. it is kind of fun not for people who have never had video games.
0393338827|4.0|This is going to be less a 'book review' than a brief commentary.   In providing the former, this: 'The Big Short' is a amicably-written explanation of The Great Financial Meltdown that despite being a gripping tale, is still confounding to both the brain...and the spirit. This is the second book by Mr. Lewis I've read on this theme...the first being 'Boomerang'...and though I believe I understand more of 'what happened' back then, I'm still bewildered, and the questions I have are less about the specifics, or even 'Why was it allowed to happen?' than issues a few steps back from all that. Nevertheless, my gratitude to the author for once more adding some delineation to the subject.   In dealing with the latter...   I'm not going to say much that's new here, but I'll proceed anyway: I believe that one of the greatest bulwarks against 'progress' towards a more humane society in North America is the conflation going on regarding 'capitalism' and 'democracy'.  People see the word 'capitalism' and think 'democracy'.   And in the US especially, you don't mess with anyone's democracy...and therefore, you don't mess with anyone's capitalism. No matter how much each need to be 'messed with'.   Moreover, in America once you wrap an issue in the flag, all discussion effectively ends. So it's very difficult to talk about economics, about 'the travails of the 99%', about political reform, about just about anything having to do with Life Being Lived, without setting off a conflagration. Because, of course, it's all connected to democracy, the imperfect experiment, but the only system that 'In God We Trust' Americans have any faith in. Therefore, nothing really changes.   Add into the mix the utter manipulation of modern media to effect the whims and priorities by Those People From Both Arenas That Dicate The Dance (capitalism and democracy) as well as the pretty-shameful ignorance on the part of the average participant of each about each arena...and you've got the mess we're witnessing today.   People will not fight for something, notion, a cause, that they don't grasp. And in both instances, capitalism and democracy, there's been a pretty much wholesale 'hands-off' attitude about them...resulting in, for example, nothing being done about What Happened On Wall Street: nobody was charged.   What did I most get from 'The Big Short'? The inkling that if what happened had happened in another arena...say, the manufacturing of biological weapons, for instance...and there had been a catastrophe of equal proportions, then all Hell would have broken loose and that previous landscape would never have been the same. People simply would not have tolerated it. But because we're talking 'capitalism', because there's so little comprehension about it, because there's so much resignation and apathy...combined with 'capitalism' being the great dance partner with 'democracy'...nothing was done.   (A film adaptation of Mr. Lewis' book...the third one to be done, after 'Moneyball' and 'The Blind Side'...is schedded for release in 2014.)  Personal rating: 9/10
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the best game in the world is game uh uh games talk about it it is the best in the world
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great to play and waste time, only a few games open at first but it's  easy to earn points by playing to unlock the other games. definitely recommend!
1451648537|5.0|This book was a gift to me ,signed by the Author..I consider it a prized gift,held close to my heart.<br />Finally finished the book and loved every page. I just wonder why Jobs picked an historian to give the ONLY autobiography to and also at least 40 interviews.  Maybe to convince nay-sayers that he was human after all,regardless of all his quirks.  Jobs was a genius, no doubt about it, he fascinated me since I read one of the first stories starting in the garage. Great loss!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Great entertainment.  Great cast and you will see some of your favorite actors in \\"Castle\\", \\"Chuck\\", and \\"V\\" cutting their teeth in this \\"ORIGINAL\\" \\"Cowboys vs. Aliens\\" prequel.
B005LRWRZ8|1.0|Greetings to all the amazon community thought that this disc to buy in the usa would be not an Argentine Edition USA, therefore I feel cheated, I appeal to this provider so that correct this, the megadeth is awesone,
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game!!!!! it has so many games I cant pick which ones to do. 101 games is so addictive!!!!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Very fun game.  I used to play this often on my PC and was pleased to find it as an app in Amazon store.  No issues on Kindle Fire!
0307891372|5.0|This guide is packed with information on just about everything that has to do with Skyrim other than exploiting glitches. It is well written, and easy to understand. It has a few typos but they do not effect the quality of the information. It comes with a rip-out map of Skyrim too which is pretty cool. I usually buy guides for games that I am a big fan of. Of all the guides I have bought, this is my favorite (other than the unbeatable Super Mario Advanced 2 guide lol). All in all, this is an excellent guide for a very fun game.
B000002HJA|4.0|This according to my opinion of course is their best album till this day. The melodies and the riffs in this stoner rock group are very good and they make me like this album. With the exception of the last track all the tracks are good and you can imagine their music as Spiritual Beggars playing more <<softy>> ballad music. A very good album. If you likes their previous albums, im sure you will like this album too.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|If you have a need to access a remote computer then this is a great tool. Good if your kids need computer help if they're off to college, for example. This tool also limits how many machines you need to carry with.you on trips. But mostly for geeks
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Absolutly LOVE this book.  It grabs you from the beginning!  I read through the 3 books in 2 weeks.  Looking forward to the movie depiction of the book.
B0063GORYU|4.0|very entertaining, and the graphics are great.  a must have for those free times when you want to exercise your mind.
B003Y5H4Y8|5.0|I thought this was an excellent movie.  I won't re-tell it as others here have written reviews that you can read.  It held our interest clear through, although we did go back and watch the beginning over to fill in the blanks a little more.  I am not fond of movies, (or books) that jump from present to past and do it over and over, but after a little while into the movie we were able to figure it all out and then it was mesmerizing.  The actors were excellent!<br /><br />I did read some of the one start reviews, and it seems to me that maybe a few of them were very tired as they said that they fell asleep -- it is a movie that takes concentration -- so don't try to watch it too late at night or when you are to sleepy to pay close attention.
B006AN78XS|5.0|What a fun movie.  Talk about a talented and beautiful resurrection of historical greats!  I'm not sure how true to form the attitudes and personalities are portrayed, but I greatly enjoyed watching all the characters is this movie.  I thought the story line was both creative and well executed. I am not the biggest Owen Wilson fan, but he did an excellent job bringing this role to life.  I would recommend this movie to anyone!
B00006EXL5|5.0|Excellent seller who really cares about good service and good products. Great CD. Thank you very much. I appreciated your thoughtfulness.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|First of all, this app rocks! Even  includes a live wallpaper too! I don't write too many reviews, but this is by far the best FAOTD Amazon has offered in weeks! Thanks Amazon!
B004ZMWUCU|5.0|This absolutely excellent novel about a Misremembered Man named James Kevin Barry Michael McCloone.<br /><br />It is a delightful story in which the sad parts are extremely sad, and the happy parts are extremely happy.  I loved the good characters and hated the villains.<br /><br />I laughed at Jamie's telling about how he made \\"rock buns.\\"<br /><br />I highly recommend this book, and I will definitely watch for any other books that Christina McKenna writes.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|good game challenging ... some good some fun some bad... overall glad I got the app tho I do not think j would have paid for it
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This is a very neat app and works perfectly on my EVO 3D. I could see myself paying 99cent for this app for sure. Allie Eledge is a suckish idiot...
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Touch not as responsive. on kindle fire. It could be the game, hard for me tell. However, it is fun and silly, great for kids.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|not bad. only good because it was free!! but the games could be easy. and writing. the review. is a pain.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Works as advertised! Using a Droid X and an older XP machine and the speed is fast enough to browse my pc from my phone. Listen to music, watch videos, look at pictures and yes, I can even do some crafting on SWTOR with it! That alone makes it worth the price :)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|not great quality, but lots of variety, which is kind of the point of the app! kept me entertained for a while!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its a really great thing to play. Its great for wasting time if I'm bored. Awesome game! I hope they will make more games like this.
B004LZEV4Q|5.0|\\"Goodnight Moon\\" is my grandson's favorite book and he chooses it 50% of the time for his bedtime reading from mom or dad. Now he wants to listen to grandpa read his favorite book at bedtime. Makes it a bit more tolerable to be so far from him. The recording process is simple and the playback has been excellent.
B000GKW4I0|4.0|I got this for my 4 year olds birthday, he loves it but he dropped/threw it in our garage and the head and a leg broke off. It is a great looking toy though. I'm going to find a way to glue the pieces back on because he really likes it, but probably is not meant for smaller or rougher kids.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Solid app. Well designed, clean, and informative.  (Thirteen words to meet the twenty count minimum. Sometimes short reviews are better.)
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game entertains you but sometimes gets boring it is low price for what you get. great buy get it!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is a good game, but if you don't want to spend money on credits or tokens or what is used to get more games, it takes a while to pay for new games. the games are also kinda hard... otherwise, it is quite fun.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is an app full of different short games. its fun and doesn't take too much thinking power. nothing too special but fun.
B006MHWXMS|2.0|Have uninstalled.  Would like to give a higher rating, but: 1. permissions ask for fine and coarse gps location, saying  it needs it to set a location when you create a task.  But if I'm setting a location for a task it's very likely the task will need to be done somewhere else other than my current location. if there was the option to set thend gps option off, I would likely reinstall this app, as long as this 2nd problem was fixed.  2. it force closes upon opening
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app is great for when I'm away from my computer so I can access some files. and to freak people out when it starts typing things without them knowing what's going on!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is an amazing app that can control your entire desktop.  I use it with multiple monitors even.  I haven't tried it from a remote location yet, but believe it warrants a five star already..
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Evernote is a pleasure to use. It enables my compulsive list-writing to happen in a much more functional and effective manner. I will be getting a smart phone this week and look forward to even more awesome benefits from being able to sync my Kindle, my android phone, and my laptop. Welcome to the future.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|First of all, its great that its free but I found some games lackluster, but otherwise fun for most of the games.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Some games work, others do not. You start out with 10 games and then you have get points to unlock others. Some games are really hard, but others you can beat with little pratice. A few are impossible, because they have to do with flicking your finger.
B006O5YIMQ|5.0|One of the best movies I have ever seen!!!!!And add MMa into it, a movie doesn't get much better than this!! Two brothers solving there problems in the ring. Very touching!!
B004VYYA2K|5.0|I was looking for a storage bin for my daughter to keep her Barbie dolls, clothes, etc. in and couldn't find anything that was worth it.  It seemed the choices were either a huge plastic bin that didn't get such good reviews or the old fashioned vinyl ones which are great, but don't hold very much.  At the same time, my daughter was also asking for the Barbie dream house which we decided would have to wait for at least another year.  That's when I came across this zip bin on Amazon.  I had recently seen a similar one for dinosaurs that I thought was a great idea so I was thrilled when I saw there was one for Barbies.  It's perfect!  She is able to store all her Barbie stuff in it and when she wants to play with them, can open it up to make a pretend house.  I highly recommend this product!
0316286850|5.0|I have aspirations to be a makeup artist, and this book is not only informative, it's fun, and very easy to read.  Just visually it's so interesting.  Though this is my first makeup book, as far as I can see , Making Faces, is  worthy enough for any makeup artists of the future.
B0063IH60K|4.0|enjoyed this game very much. am sure I will play it often. its easy to use and fast to play
B0034G4P9E|5.0|I passed this movie over several times before I rented and watched it and I am so GLAD I finally watched it! This is not a movie about MMA fighting, it is about so much more! The soul of this movie is about trying to move past or make peace with the unforgivable mistakes of the past and the results of them.. The acting was brilliant and the story may have been cheesy to some, but it moved me down to my soul...I loved this movie and I loved Tom Hardy's performance in it the most. I never realised Tom Hardy was Heathcliff (whom i loved) in Wuthering Heights 2009.. All the actors did outstanding in this movie, but Tom Hardy is my FAVORITE actor now! In both movies he portrayed a hard and not to likeable character in a way in which you can feel the ache of his pain in your heart, and that makes you love them in spite of their flaws and root for them and remember them...That is what a Great actor does, they move you..Thank you Mr.Tom Hardy!
B0066W1AZK|3.0|The computer isn't bad to play against for a free app. When it comes to the two player interface, I don't like it. But, once again, its free, so don't want to complain too much.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Great! Great! Great! Take your desktop pc with you. Some lag, heavy battery use. But overall one nice app. htc EVO
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game has got me playing for hours.  I really found it addicting and the concept of each game is fantastic. A must buy in the aneroid market.
B004EPYZT4|4.0|I almost did not rent this based on bad reviews, but i am so glad I finally did! My husband and I were engaged from the opening fighting scene with a young Conan. We both looked at each others and said, \\"This is good, why so many bad reviews??!\\"<br />CONAN the Barbarian is very entertaining and was visually amazing, with fighting scenes that were brutal, and well timed. It has a story line with lots of action and a great looking lead actor..This may not be Academy Award material, but it was a very good Fantasy epic.. And I honestly do not understand all the bad reviews.. Come on, if your a fan of this genre,(Scorpin King,etc..)you will enjoy it..I also really enjoyed \\"Pathfinder\\", \\"Outlander\\"...Oh my, they all have handsome leading men that know how to handle a large sword..lol
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its a good app and if it were up to me i would get it on every tab i have
0316056863|5.0|Loved this. She is so smart and funny. Not afraid to tell it like it is. Laugh-out-loud funny. I love how she's so open with her feelings about motherhood, sexism in the workplace, etc.
B005K17RU0|4.0|For what I was looking for it is wonderful.  Accurate for the area I live in and up to date.
B005JU5JTI|2.0|I felt this movie under delivered in the humor department.  There were a couple of VERY funny scenes, but all in all, came up a bit short.  This is a good movie to catch on cable, but not as a pay-per-view or in the theater.  Cameron Diaz was very funny, but was a bit saddled with some forced dialog; trying too hard to be shocking.  While Justin Timberlake delivered a solid performance, his character was so creepy, it made the audience uncomfortable to watch him.  The one scene with Diaz and Timberlake was just plain disturbing!
B005CKPQHA|5.0|I started watching this show and I have not been able to stop watching it. I have never seen anything like it before and i hope the final season is worth the wait. The only way I can describe this show is this, I know when i am watching a great movie I always wish there was more and i feel that way after every episode but this time I am relived because I know there is another one airing soon..... Just watch the show and see for your self.
1451627289|5.0|One of the best stories told by the master.  Kept me turning the pages until the very end.  Thoroughly enjoyed this one.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I've known about remote desktop software for a while but never wanted to pay for expensive software. Splashtop is very easy and great to use.
0312641893|4.0|Cinder by Marissa Meyer is a retelling of the Cinderella story with a YA/cyberpunk twist. And it's a pretty good retelling at that. I just think it would have been a better story if it didn't try so hard to be sure it stepped on each and every base on its way around the story.<br /><br />Cinderella is always a second-class citizen. In Meyer's variation, Cinder is second-class because she is a cyborg. Cyborgs are considered less-than-human by those who have been fortunate enough not to have lived through catastrophic accidents such as the one that cost Cinder her hand and her foot at age 11.<br /><br />But Cinder does not remember the traumatic accident, or anything about her early life. And the man who might have told her is dead. Linh Garan adopted her and left her in the care of his wife Adra just before his death. Garan was an inventor; he liked to tinker with things. He may have adopted Cinder to tinker with. He might have done something to her internal processes. But no one knows, least of all Cinder.<br /><br />Adra hates and resents Cinder, while at the same time greedily taking every credit that Cinder earns as a gifted mechanic. Adra is entitled to retain all of Cinder's earnings, forever. Adra is Cinder's guardian, and Cinder's earnings are the only thing keeping the household out of the poorhouse. The household, of course, contains not only the nasty stepmother Adra, but Cinder's stepsisters, Peony and Pearl.<br /><br />This Cinderella tale has been transplanted in time and place. We are still on Earth, but it is a future, post-apocalyptic Earth, after a dreadful Fourth World War first devastated, then finally united humanity under an Imperial Commonwealth. Cinder lives in the Eastern Commonwealth capital of New Beijing. The moon was not just settled, but broke away from the Earth pre-WWIV and created its own government. The Lunars have become not just a separate government, but in some ways, a separate race, because they have the capacity to manipulate bio-electric energy to a point that seems like magic. It's a LOT like the Force in Star Wars, and too many of the Lunars mostly act like the Sith. The Lunar Queen and Emperor Palpatine would probably have a lot in common, if they didn't try to kill each other on sight.<br /><br />Prince Kai brings his personal android to Cinder at her stall in the market to repair. He says it's because it was his teaching android when he was growing up, and he's emotionally attached to it.<br /><br />Cinder, who shouldn't have the neural circuitry to swoon, practically swoons over Prince Kai. She is able to suppress her reaction. What she isn't able to suppress is her knowledge that he is lying. There is something important about the little android, and it isn't merely an emotional attachment.<br /><br />Kai lets something slip, he is doing research on leutmosis, the deadly plague that is sweeping the world. It is 100% fatal. Cinder wonders if his android contains some of his research.<br /><br />The research that Kai might or might not be conducting becomes even more important to Cinder when her stepsister Peony contracts the deadly plague. Peony was the only person who truly cared for Cinder, and now she is gone. And in her rage, Adra signs Cinder over the government as a test subject. Cinder, as a cyborg, has no rights at all.<br /><br />Once Cinder is tested, the truth of her origins begins to be revealed, not to Cinder, but to others who have been searching for her desperately. Nothing in her life has been as it has seemed.<br /><br />But Cinder is going to the ball.<br /><br />Escape Rating B-: The cover of this book is awesome. The book has its moments but I figured out the big reveal very, very early on. It's better if the surprise remains a surprise as long as possible. Instead, everything was telegraphed miles ahead of time.<br /><br />I loved the scene where Cinder drives to the ball and shows up in all her grease-stained glory to try to rescue Kai, but I saw it coming miles away.<br /><br />And, as many other reviewers have noted, what does Kai look like? He's never described. Ever. There's a rule somewhere that all brides are, by definition, beautiful. Is there a corollary that all princes are handsome? Therefore there's no requirement that they be described? Is he blond? Does he have black hair? Brown eyes? Blue eyes? Swoon-worthy is just not a sufficient description.<br /><br />And I still want to find out what happens next. I want to see that Lunar Queen get what she deserves. Ring-side seats for that show would be very nice indeed.omewhere that all brides are, by definition, beautiful. Is there a corollary that all princes are handsome? Therefore there's no requirement that they be described? Is he blond? Does he have black hair? Brown eyes? Blue eyes? Swoon-worthy is just not a sufficient description.  And I still want to find out what happens next. I want to see that Lunar Queen get what she deserves. Ring-side seats for that show would be very nice indeed.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|beautiful realistic looking app runs great on galaxy s2. i dont know how long ill keep it but if you are interested in this its worth the buck
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this is a good game for people that get bored and.have nothing else.to.do so I think you should get
B005J6LKVI|5.0|The Help is a great, feel good family movie.  Excellent story and great acting.  A must see movie!  I saw this in the theater and couldn't wait until it came out in dvd!  It was #1 on my Christmas list!  I purchased 6 of them for Christmas gifts myself this year for my family members cause I thought it was such a good movie..You will want to get your popcorn and drinks ready before the movie starts as you won't want to pry yourself away!  Enjoy!
B002PEP4SC|4.0|I read Heat Wave by Richard Castle just for fun. We're in the middle of a Castle marathon and I just couldn't resist the impulse. And this was definitely a case where an irresistible impulse turned out to be a totally excellent thing!<br /><br />\\"It's raining men.\\" What a great way to open a case. This is just the kind of snark that comes with any potboiler, whether on television or in police procedural-type mysteries. Because what makes these shows watchable, or these books readable isn't just about the case, it's about listening to the characters smart-off with each other.<br /><br />It always begins with a dead body. There's a victim. Matthew Starr. He was the man who rained down, in this particular case. And as his death is investigated, any superficial resemblance to a low-budget Donald Trump is strictly intentional, but that is one reviewer's humble opinion.<br /><br />In all murder mysteries, it's the victim's life that gets taken apart. Matthew Starr is dissected piece by piece, and not just on the autopsy table. When the story ends, the detectives will know more about the victim than anyone in his life. They have to so they can figure out who murdered him and why.<br /><br />And the readers learn a little more about the detectives and what makes them tick. And a little more about how they tick along together.<br /><br />And how well one particular pair are going to tick together outside of \\"work\\". Whether that's going to be a one time thing or maybe more?<br /><br />Escape Rating B+: The mystery had plenty of twists and turns. The case threw out the usual school of red herrings and I fell for a couple of them. I had most of it figured out, but one thing threw me. I had fun. But I'll admit I'm not sure how well it will work for someone who isn't a Castle fan.<br /><br />This book is the introduction to a police procedural mystery series. Whether you swallow the whole Castle-thing or not, it still has to do what the introduction to any cop-based mystery series has to do, which is introduce you to the cop shop characters and their dynamic and get you to like them enough to get the next book. It worked for me. I've already got Naked Heat and Heat Rises on my iPad for the next time I need a fun book to read.<br /><br />If you are a fan of Castle and you like reading mysteries, just give into the impulse now and buy the book. You know you want to. Stop resisting. You'll be glad you did.ir dynamic and get you to like them enough to get the next book. It worked for me. I've already got Naked Heat and Heat Rises on my iPad for the next time I need a fun book to read.  If you are a fan of Castle and you like reading mysteries, just give into the impulse now and buy the book. You know you want to. Stop resisting. You'll be glad you did.
1451627289|5.0|I read the NYT book review for this story, and thank goodness I did, because I don't normally pay much attention to Stephen King's novels - I think he's a good storyteller, but am not so fond of being frightened.  It was apparent from the review that this book was more fantasy than horror (which is true), and so I decided to give it a try.  I read the book's 800+ pages like I was reading a comic book - the writing is so visual and the storylines are so compelling that it was all I could do to make myself put it down when my eyes got tired.  But don't be fooled that this is just a story about time travel, or the innocence/guilt of Lee Harvey Oswald: it's also a love story, a story of morality and spirituality, and a cautionary tale about what happens if we play God and mess with the order of things as they've happened so far.  I was moved by it and still cannot stop thinking about it.  I'm certain the movie rights have already been snapped up, but this is one of those rare books that - despite the tremendous film potential - will be more vivid and interesting having read it than seeing it on screen.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I love this cover. I didn't experience any of the issues other reviewers have mentioned. My cover fits the Fire perfectly. The elastic bands do provide a tight fit, but I would expect nothing less. I certainly don't want my device to jiggle around inside the cover. The elastics do cover the speakers somewhat, but I haven't had any sound issues as a result. I can still hear the sound just fine. I didn't notice any particular smell to it either. I also did not experience the issue of the cover not lying flat.  Maybe those who have all these complaints got covers from the same badly manufactured batch?  It's a beautiful, very well made, very solid cover. I've had it for over 2 months and it still looks brand new. The material looks and feels like real leather and I couldn't be happier with my purchase.
B0055SWM08|5.0|definite five star game, you won't regret getting this one. this game will drive you crazy but you will keep coming back for more.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Amazing app. I upgraded to premium within a month and it's been worth every penny. I use Evernote for work, personal and home business. You can't believe how great it is to have all your information available everywhere.
B005WM6RUS|5.0|\\"Sarah's Key\\" by Tatiana de Rosnay, takes place in mid 1942, in the hot, sticky summer of July.  July 16-17, 1942, a horrifying historical event took place that was attempted to have been forgotten by the embarrassed and ashamed Parisians.  Any country would be embarrassed if 13,152 men, women, and children were the innocent victims of a mass arrest, and the arresting done by the trusted local policemen, the French Police in this case.  This horrid date is known as The Veldrome d'Hiver Round-up or Rafle du Velodrome d'Hiver, in French (Vel'd'Hiv in short).  In \\"Sarah's Key\\", a journalist soon finds herself connected with one of the young victims arrested in the deadly Vel' d'Hiv.<br /><br />Imagine, an innocent, beautiful, Parisian named Sarah Starzynski of 10 years young. She was abruptly woken up and forced out of her house and was one of the victims of the Vel' d'Hiv.  60 years later, Paris, France, 2002, American journalist Julia Jarmond somehow intertwines herself with the attempted-to-have-been-forgotten Vel' d'Hiv, secrets involving the French, Jewish little Sarah, and uncertainties about her maybe-not-so-stable romantic future.<br /><br />\\"Sarah's Key\\" is a phenomenal book full of suprises and deadly strong emotion that keeps you on your toes.  Tatiana de Rosnay truly has talent, taking a nonfiction event and creating her own lively characters to expose readers to the truth.  To what exactly happened during the Vel' d'Hiv.
0439023521|5.0|I've bought this book on Kindle because of the movie trailer and the rating it got here - it seemed like a fair book.  It didn't really prepare me for what was in the book. I couldn't stop reading it until it ended.  It was one of the best books I've read in the past year.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've recently purchased and used 30 day shred.  It really is a good, hard cardio and strength workout and you WILL see results if you're consistent.
B005IQXUQW|5.0|This is a simply fantastic box of all six volumes of Caf&eacute; Zimmermann's recordings of Bach's \\"Concerts avec plusiers instruments.\\" These include all six Brandenburg Concertos, the four Overtures or Orchestral Suites and the concertos for violin, oboe and harpsichords in various combinations. I have listed the works below. The music is all magnificent and played with a freshness combined with depth of understanding which is a real joy.<br /><br />Caf&eacute; Zimmermann are a small ensemble, generally playing with one instrument to a part and this, combined with terrific musicianship and scholarship, gives their interpretations a real zing in the livelier movements and genuine beauty and emotion in the slower passages. To me, this is what Bach should sound like: sometimes dancing, sometimes deeply spiritual, sometimes simply lovely. I have a much-loved set of Bach concertos by Trevor Pinnock and while these won't replace them in my affections, they will certainly stand alongside them and be played at least as often.<br /><br />The other great strength of these discs is the programming. Many sets of these concertos group, say, the harpsichord concertos or the violin concertos together, and I find that I often don't want to listen to all of them one after another. Here, each disc has one Brandenburg Concerto, for example, and a varied combination of other concertos, so that playing the whole disc is a varied pleasure and I am always happy to let a whole disc play rather than changing it after one or two concertos.<br /><br />In short, this box - the fruits of ten years' work - is an unalloyed delight and guaranteed to give immense pleasure for many years. Very warmly recommended.<br /><br />The works:<br />CD 1<br />1. Concerto pour clavecin en R&eacute; Mineur, BWV 1052<br />2. Concerto pour hautbois d'amour en La Majeur, BWV 1055<br />3. Concerto pour violon en Mi Majeur, BWV 1042<br />4. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 5 en R&eacute; Majeur, BWV 1050<br /><br />CD 2<br />1. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 3 en Sol Majeur, BWV 1048<br />2. Concerto pour deux violons & cordes en R&eacute; Mineur, BWV 1043<br />3. Suite en Ut Majeur, BWV 1066<br />4. Concerto pour hautbois & violon en Ut Mineur, BWV 1060<br /><br />CD 3<br />1. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 4 en Sol Majeur, BWV 1049<br />2. Concerto pour hautbois d'amour en R&eacute; Majeur, BWV 1053<br />3. Concerto pour trois clavecins en Do Majeur, BWV 1064<br />4. Suite en Si Mineur, BWV 1067<br /><br />CD 4<br />1. Concerto pour violon en La Mineur, BWV 1041<br />2. Concerto pour 2 clavecins en Ut Majeur, BWV 1061<br />3. Concerto pour flûte, violon & clavecin en La Mineur, BWV 1044<br />4. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 2 en Fa Majeur, BWV 1047<br /><br />CD 5<br />1. Ouverture No. 3 en R&eacute; Majeur, BWV 1068<br />2. Concerto pour clavecin en Fa Mineur, BWV 1056<br />3. Concerto Brandebourgeois No. 6 en Si B&eacute;mol Majeur, BWV 1051<br />4. Concerto pour trois clavecins en R&eacute; Mineur, BWV 1063<br /><br />CD 6<br />1. Ouverture No. 4 en R&eacute; Majeur, BWV 1069<br />2. Concerto pour clavecin en La Majeur, BWV 1055<br />3. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 1 en Fa Majeur, BWV 1046<br />4. Concerto pour quatre clavecins en R&eacute; Mineur, BWV 1065ordes en Ré Mineur, BWV 1043  3. Suite en Ut Majeur, BWV 1066  4. Concerto pour hautbois & violon en Ut Mineur, BWV 1060  CD 3  1. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 4 en Sol Majeur, BWV 1049  2. Concerto pour hautbois d'amour en Ré Majeur, BWV 1053  3. Concerto pour trois clavecins en Do Majeur, BWV 1064  4. Suite en Si Mineur, BWV 1067  CD 4  1. Concerto pour violon en La Mineur, BWV 1041  2. Concerto pour 2 clavecins en Ut Majeur, BWV 1061  3. Concerto pour flûte, violon & clavecin en La Mineur, BWV 1044  4. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 2 en Fa Majeur, BWV 1047  CD 5  1. Ouverture No. 3 en Ré Majeur, BWV 1068  2. Concerto pour clavecin en Fa Mineur, BWV 1056  3. Concerto Brandebourgeois No. 6 en Si Bémol Majeur, BWV 1051  4. Concerto pour trois clavecins en Ré Mineur, BWV 1063  CD 6  1. Ouverture No. 4 en Ré Majeur, BWV 1069  2. Concerto pour clavecin en La Majeur, BWV 1055  3. Concert Brandebourgeois No. 1 en Fa Majeur, BWV 1046  4. Concerto pour quatre clavecins en Ré Mineur, BWV 1065
B0031YJFCQ|4.0|I thought the author did a good job of tying up all the loose ends created in the first two books... [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]] and [[ASIN:B001NLKT60 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]]. The story moved along at a nice pace!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love it it is so so. so so so so so so so so so so so so so so much fun
B000MXPE7O|5.0|I was amazed on how fast I recieved this movie and in excellent condition. The service was great and I enjoyed the movie, will use this company again. Thank you.
0451529065|2.0|Though my initial motive to read Darwin's \\"Origin of the Species\\" was most casual, as I started reading it I grew respectful of Charles Darwin in many ways. He was wisely conscious of distinguishing actual instances from supposition, inferences and conjecture, something near to nil in anything about evolution by contemporary authors. In books from Dawkins and most moderns, facts and guesswork are rather recklessly blended so that the reader becomes mislead or even deceived by their writings. Seeking out, I notice every factual instance Darwin presented was always within the species whereas everything beyond the species was supposition, inferences, conjecture or \\"extrapolation\\" as it goes to today. Evolution has no instances of animals (or plants) growing into a whole new family or genera, thus one very valid reason to not be so convinced that this can happen.<br /><br />Darwin does (quite honestly) continuously support his theory with \\"ignorance\\"; \\"But it deserves especial notice that the more important objections relate to questions on which we are confessedly ignorant; nor do we know how ignorant we are.\\"...\\"no one ought to feel surprise at much remaining as yet unexplained on the origin of species, if we make due allowance for our profound ignorance\\"... This is only a very small sample of how Darwin regularly relies on \\"ignorance\\" to excuse explanations, and I give him much credit for the honesty he displays. But it's the intent of science to use knowledge to endorse theories, not ignorance or lack of knowledge. Sadly, even to today, we honestly, really haven't gained enough enlightenment to rid \\"ignorance\\" from evolution.<br /><br />Right from the start, even Darwin assigns power and force to \\"Natural Selection\\", but he (as no one does to today) never makes any attempt to explain that power or force, other than it is blind and unpurposeful. Where does this power and force come from? What causes it to guide and do what it does? How can it, for example, cause certain fish, bugs and mushrooms to grow light emitting organs with no awareness of what light, organs or even perception is?  Thus a very valid reason to not be so convinced of the \\"powers\\" of \\"Natural Selection.\\"<br /><br />Darwin writes (correctly) throughout his book on how certain organs or parts can be lost due to non-use. The eyes of fish that live in caves or moles and burrowing rodents, wings of beetles that have no need to fly, and yet perhaps generations later \\"reversions to long lost characters occur.\\" (We now know DNA plays a roll in such  \\"characters\\" being lost and later growing back; the Italian wall lizards introduced to Croatia grew parts that were lost, yet its ancestors and other lizards still have them, being a classic case). Darwin writes quite a list and plenty of facts and instances on parts and organs in  the process of growing useless (vestigial) but has absolutely no instances of new parts and organs in the process of growing (and there are no new parts to this day) thus a very valid reason to not be so convinced that this can happen.<br /><br />It appears many creationists back in the 1850's insisted God created each and every species for each and every location, or at least, this is what Darwin portrays them to believe. His arguments (rightfully) disprove this, but never come close to disproving the Biblical Creation account showing God created \\"kinds\\"  (Genesis 1:11-25) that grew into the many varieties we have today. All is fine there.<br /><br />I'm saddened on how many people that believe in evolution have never read their \\"Darwinian bible.\\" Darwin's accuracy and honesty is an example few authors of evolution today emulate.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Good. I liked it. It is fun and I liked it. You should get it because it was fun and I liked it.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Don't update Because if you are pretty far along it will make you start all over again..&lt; 3 Its a good app though.(:
B003UMW68Y|5.0|We have always loved this film, and finally had the chance to purchase the DVD/Bluray set.  I love those, because we only have one Bluray player in the house, but lots of DVD players.  We have tried both, and they are both excellent quality, and look great!  The delivery and payment were easy, accurate and fast.  The box was well packaged, and arrived without damage.  In all, a great experience!
B0063IH60K|5.0|this works great and is fun.  minimal advertising. definitely worth it for a little fun..  many ways to deal  if you just want to win.
B004FOA84A|4.0|I feel dumb after ppl saying they finished in an hour but I'm stuck. Ive reached where I've placed the falcon, lit a fire, opened passage in the bathroom, and placed the heart in the hallway door. The falcon didn't do anything. I have a fish bowl, matches, and a piece of paper with numbers on it. what am I missing?!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a awesome game with a twist. one of my favorite apps and games of these year its awesome really. awesome
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so much fun that when I got it I deleted all of my other games. by kiki
0307387178|4.0|This seemed like an intriguing story, about a young man that treks into the wild of Alaska and never makes it out. I had the opinion like many others, this was about an idealistic young man that was living through romantic conceptions and meets an untimely end when reality is introduced.<br /><br />Krakauer does a nice job of tracing McCandless's life and the motivations that drove him into the wild. While McCandless is a youthful idealist, many demons of his upbringing drove him as well. Unfortunately, before age can temper his expectations and prepare him for life's challenges, his missteps are fatal.<br /><br />While the book kept me interested, there were times it got long-winded with long quotes from friends and family. My interest faded about 2/3s through the book when Krakauer describeds McCandless's sister's experience, where she was when she heard the news, what they did afterwards. I was about to put the book down when it really hit the strongest part.<br /><br />Krakauer writes about his own experience that parallels McCandless's, how his angst took him to a formidable mountain rather than Alaska. How he survived and, to his good fortune, learned from his experience.<br /><br />Finally, Krakauer methodically traces McCandless's footsteps to the bus in the wild and, very convincingly, determines McCandless was not as ill-prepared and foolish as some suppose. His death was the result of many things, and Krakauer makes a strong argument for what might have been what really brought about McCandless's death.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game I think is perfect when u have alot of time on your hands and have nothing to do. The game works good on my kindle fire no problems yet.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|greatly designed and well rounded group of games. great for all ages young or old. I recoment it to everyone
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a must have! really fun you must get it. the bouncer soccer game is really fun. the dart game is also really cool
0062082353|3.0|Ive read many many books about Spec Ops and have visited the Navy Amphib Base in Coronado to observe BUDS training with a JAG friend.  My respect for the Teams runs deep, including for the author Chief Kyle.<br /><br />I cannot say the same for his book.  He was trained as a skilled marksman and not as a writer, and it shows.  The prosaic recollection is written at the level of a high school composition which style goes dry at times, even while describing hair-raising events.  The reader's mind seeks out more details, more context because the situations can be quite gripping, yet the storytelling leaves something to be desired.  It also featured editorial shortcomings for which his publishing team should hang their heads, including misspelling (good lord!) and repetitive explanation of certain military lexicon.  If only Chief Kyle's literary skill matched his bravery and the unbelievable sights sounds smells acts he witnessed (and performed) ...<br /><br />Some will be troubled by Chief Kyle characterizing Iraqi combatants as savages.  While he portrays himself as a dispassionate professional merely executing his patriotic duty by lining up tangos in his scope, the reader easily infers that he privately relished and enjoyed killing Iraqis.  True, combat is \\"kill or you die\\" circumstances.  But cmon, savages?  Really?  That may have been the psychological/religious bargain he had to strike to be able to perform his job, and to do it so well, but its still difficult to read such a declaration.<br /><br />On the plus side, the book centers around his deployments and training cycles and in the field experiences.  Thankfully he avoids giving yet another trite summary of BUDs or AOT.  At times funny, frequently self deprecating, and always cocky/confident, it was an interesting enough read for a weekend.  Not the most high-brow work, but keeps the reader entertained enough to finish it.<br /><br />I am very glad Chief Kyle made it home to his family and was able to share his valuable perspective.  He has no doubt earned every right to freely comment, and then some.  However biased, he shared an important perspective that needs to be understood, even by those who may not agree with it. Best wishes to him in his endeavors.doubt earned every right to freely comment, and then some.  However biased, he shared an important perspective that needs to be understood, even by those who may not agree with it. Best wishes to him in his endeavors.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is awesome if you enjoy simple games and tons of fun. you'll literally play it all day! work your way up to have all the games for the best enjoyment and satisfaction
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app says what it does it gives you ten games then you earn the rest this is a very good game for your kindle fire and very fast i highly recommend it. very good app i would buy it even if it was $4.99 love it and will be keeping it
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Works wonderfully. Easy to set up, easy to use. Love being able to eliminate a lot of other appear by just using the desktop.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|very fun. I like how you have to earn the games. love the games also! over all a great game.v
B0054JZC6E|5.0|games are simplistic but are great when you have a few minutes to waste. Runs well on my kindle fire.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a very good game but me reminds me of the 36 box game and that is better but is only on the iphone
B004SCN2F6|5.0|Well worth the upgrade to Elite (heck, at this price don't even bother with the free version). I absolutely love tabletop RPGs like Traveller, Thousand Suns and so on, and this is as close to a solo experience of those games as you can get. It's like a wonderful mashup of Asimov's Foundation, Dune, and the stories of Poul Anderson, H Beam Piper and so on. Runs extremely well on the Kindle Fire and is easily my favorite past-time on the Fire for weeks now. I wish more things in life could give me as much bang for the buck as this game. Loved it so much I bought their other games (Templar Assault and Cyber Knights) without a second thought.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is pretty good but takes a long time to get anywhere. great for wasting time, but not for those who don't want to spend time.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is real challenging but yet fun. I would give it a five if some of the games weren't impossible.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it has been good so far. the reaction time could be better on some games and I wish we could get more points when we complete games.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Love this alarm clock!  The sounds are so much more soothing than a traditional alarm, and the way it starts quiet and grows louder helps ease me into wakefulness. Now my kindle gently puts me me to sleep at night (reading) it gently waked me up too.
B0064TVQ5E|3.0|I would like this but whenever I am almost done it closes and when I go back to the game I have to start over.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I love this app! And there will be a full moon out tonight, so getting this app is perfect timing!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|There are a lot of adds which you can accidently click on and it takes a while to earn enough coins to unlock the new levels. However, it's a fun game.
B004EPYZXK|2.0|I usually enjoy movies with a space theme, and I love seeing scenes with the moon, but this story was a bit hard to follow beyond the basic theme as something bad was up there and very hard to watch.  The scenes were deliberately poor quality and shaky. This is one space movie I will not be watching again.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game. its so fun. I love it. I wish more games were like it. I love unlocking the games. so fun
B000EQ47GS|5.0|Classic Boston at its finest.If you like that classic Boston sound, then this one is right up your alley.This is the one that started it all.
1451627289|5.0|I read a lot ... but not Stephen King ... most of his stuff is not the kind of stuff that appeals to my reading pleasure.  But when I read about this book it intrigued me enough to pre-buy it to be downloaded to my Kindle.  And I was not sorry.  It was a great read and quite nostalgic for me since I grew up in the 50's and 60's.  Brought back a lot of memories ... both good and sad.  I have recommended this book to all my reader friends.
B005QBKXOQ|5.0|I am not a music critic, I just like his music and style, esp on his first album, and I think that \\"Break the Spell\\" is similar in style and quality and really, really am enjoying it!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is quite entertaining I played it for like three hours yesterday afternoon! I would most definitely recommend this app to many!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|It's not a bad program.  It's silly that you have to unlock all of the game, but what are you going to do?
B004FOA84A|5.0|this game is awesome and loads of fun, for someone who enjoys the cpu safecracker game and other types of puzzle solvers. I only wish that there were more levels or more games by this developer. definitely worth the money!
B005I6EVUG|5.0|This case fits the KINDLE FIRE. Don't be told it wont fit. It works very well and doesnt look like crap. The leather outside and soft micro fibre inside does keep it well protected.This week its on sale at BEST BUY $29.99. Thats $10.00 less than anybody else at this time.Again dont rely on the sales people to help you,they will tell you it wont fit. Knowledge is unknown by most.I purchased this at the WAREHAM,MA store on 1/7/12.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|This pay free app was fun for the first few hours, but now it is really boring. that's just me. But at least its a free app because, if it wasn't, I would want my money back.
0307236722|5.0|I got this for our own household from Borders. We loved 90% of it, so I got one more for a good friend of mine. There is one recipe in there that was awful(the coconut cake) but all the others are amazing. The breads are very good, the cookies...some are delicious, some are OK, I guess it's a matter of taste. The good part about this book, is that it gives important details, that proof to be decisive for the success of the recipe.<br />Buy it, it's a good one, you will not be sorry!!!
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|I felt very let down by this book, and the only reason i finished it was because i already had invested in in the other books. I enjoyed the hunger games but did not feel it was as good as friends of mine said it was although i will admit that i enjoyed it. The second book felt less complete and continued to portray katniss in a less favorable light as the book continued, i would rather the book have been from peetas point of view. In the third book i could not stand katniss, she was weak and continued to act like a petulant child, not someone worthy of following. The book focused on things that seemed unimportant with a revolution taking place. I wont ruin it but i found the ending terribly disappointing.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These games are a little addicting. Not to overly complicated so you don't spend a long time trying to figure it out, you just spend a long time trying to get the score required to pass.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|has devotions, bookmarks, everything you might need<br />for spiritual enrichment. I have been using this app for years on all of my mobile devices.
B0063IH60K|1.0|pops up offensive and obnoxious ads with full video and audio. the gameplay is fine. but the ads are the worst ive ever seen.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I really appreciate how easily I can access different versions when I need to and how navigable it is. I was able to download the ones I use frequently so I can read even when not connected to Internet. I love the reading plans which have the option of a daily &quot;read now&quot; reminder. Works great on my Kindle Fire.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Don't listen to the other reviews. I love this game. Sooooooo much fun.civplay it for hours at s time because it is so fun. I forget how long I have been playing with it (Kindle Fire)
1594744769|5.0|bought for Xmas gift for 15yr old.  C. read the jacket and got so interested, she went  and started reading the book..If it captures her interest, it is very good...I only scanned it and was impressed!  Characters are very well developed and lots of suspense from page to page.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is so cool. almost as cool as my kindle it's self. get this app and you will be the worlds smartest person
B005HPY8LU|5.0|I got this cd for xmas after requesting it and i gotta say its great, i like every song on this cd  and her voice is so powerful, a must have for kelly fans or for anyone who appreciates good music!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is the best game ever. and plus it even has 100+ games. best app ever. really enjoy it. I hope yu enjoy it like I do.
006029129X|5.0|I'm so happy amazon had these books! I've been looking everywhere for them, these are the ones that I was taught how to read with and I wanted to share Harold's cool stories with my little boy. Cute stories nice quality hardback for an excellent price I love it!
B00005TQKQ|3.0|Purchased at AMAZON. Works but overpriced like all Sony Products.  There is no way to find that that the cleaner has outlived its life.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|love the concept of this game. I haven't gotten bored with it yet! the other great thing about it is it's free!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Very simple to figure out! Fun and just like the original game! fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its is okay but not the best. I love the mini games. they are a lot of coins though. its fun though.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun and challenging. worth downloading. hours of fun ads are not a big deal its how they keep the games free
B0063IH60K|5.0|I just got this app for my Kindle Fire.  I have it on my iphone and this is a great game. I also like the way it moves.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Splashtop remote app is really cool!  Ive installed it on my Iphone, Kindle Fire, and 2 PCs, and it works great.  I can even access my webcam and remotely view what my cat is doing while I'm away!  One of the coolest apps ive installed from the amazon market, and apple market.
B004EBT5CU|2.0|My CD arrived with a broken case, so I found it disappointing.  It did arrive in timely fashion and the CD itself was fine.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great way to take up some time when you are bored.  some of the games are a little more challenging then others making it quite enjoyable no matter what.
0545265355|5.0|The trilogy is really an amazing series. I couldn't put the first 2 books down. I got them right before the holidays, so I haven't had time to read the 3rd one yet. However, I'm anticipating it to be just as good if not better than the first 2. I know 3 other people who would say the same thing about this series as well. I would definitely recommend it. It's a good yet not to difficult of a read. It would be a good series to start off with if you don't read much.
0374275637|5.0|Very informative, you learn so much about yourself, and others. Excellent for leadership and life in general. You'll never think the same way again
B0063IH60K|4.0|Solitaire has always been known to be one of those games that great at killing time and this version is a must have for the Kindle Fire.  I haven;t had any problem with the controls and I enjoyed how you can either tap a card once and it will go to where it goes (like if you tap a red eight to will go to the first black 9 on the screen) or you can also drag the cards to where you want to put them.  It is a basic games without much bells or whistles but you can change the background, the design on the card, how many cards are drawn and scoring.<br /><br />The only reason I couldn't give this one 5 stars was the ads.  I know it is a free game so it is easy to overlook them but they can get annoying.  The X to close the add is pretty small and could be hard to close for some people.  The ads pop us every time you open the application and once you start a new game I have found.  But again, it is a free game that would actually be worth paying for, so you pay with viewing adds.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I've spent much of my time on this game and I have to say &quot;it is awesome&quot;! It is well worth it. Working my way through all boxes getting 3 stars on each level. Only one question remains... what are you waiting for? I doubt you'd regret it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its pretty fun. there's a variety of small mini games.  I like how you can unlock ones you want. its a good game.
B005HS4CUY|5.0|These 3, 3D movies are fantastic! Great clarity and couldn't be better 3D! I saw some negative reviews because this set only comes with 3D versions, however it states that in the description! Toy Story is a timeless classic and the 3D effects make it come to life!
B004SUWR2C|5.0|Everyone knows the game of UNO and this version for the Kindle Fire takes it to a whole new level.  You get to enter tournaments which have different rules for the cards which makes it more challenging to play and as you play you are able to unlock various things for you profile in game.  Sometime the touch screen can be a little screwy and think that you are picking a card for your hand that you aren't but it isn't bad enough to make me want to stop playing.  It is a great way to pass time on the Kindle Fire and well worth the small fee to own it.
B004SBQGHS|3.0|While rather popular, I'd have to say I'm one of the few that just doesn't see the fascination. It's entertaining, yes, but the amount of hype that exists for it is a little overboard. It's just not &quot;that&quot; good, IMO.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|There are so many mini games built into this one game that it had endless replay value. My five hear old loves these games too!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Very good response time and easy to customize. Once you download it, you won't be sorry. Have fun with it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a fun app but i wish they would give you all the games so you didn't have to earn them
B004UNX1LS|3.0|Extremely slow to load anything on my new Kindle Fire. So slow I haven't been able to watch any videos
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|The case fits tightly on the Fire. You don't know it is there except for the flap over the screen. I like that the cover folds back flat against the bottom of the cover without a \\"bump\\" on the side of the Fire. No issues other than the price. All covers seem to me to be over priced compared to the price of what they protect.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Nice simple app that does what it says. It's very handy having the moonrise and worth the download. I will use this one!
0307269752|5.0|I enjoyed all 3 books tremendously. I have not read anything of late that kept me coming back for just one more page as these books did. I finished all 3 books in just over a week - usually I have trouble finding time for reading, but these books had me squeezing in 'just one more section' many times.<br /><br />I have read a number of the negative reviews and find that most complaints relate to the things I appreciated most. Examples are the plentiful details, the somewhat exaggerated characters, the non-US setting, and the lack of unquestioned reverence. There were some rough spots, which I assume were due to the translator, but they were not intrusive to me. (I read a lot of technical material, so am forced to endure some rather illiterate prose on a regular basis.)<br /><br />It's a relatively light read, with plenty of detail to give substance. All I can say is try it and see if you like it - if so, you'll probably really like it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a fun little game. lots of different challenges. not sure if will get boring but definately worth a try. :)
B006MHWXMS|1.0|Worked originally but now force closes every time on HTC EVO. Seemed like a good setup but it won't work.
B000000QFV|5.0|A quick note on how I came to discover TYR in early 2012.  For years, I only listened to Ozzy-fronted Sabbath, and would have nothing to do with any other version of the band.  Finally, after the superb album, The Devil You Know, by the Mob Rules line-up, I got into the Dio albums, which are nothing short of amazing.  From there, I checked into the Tony Martin era.  I actually had Headless Cross on cassette way back when because it got pretty regular airplay on Headbanger's Ball, so I already knew that album was OK even though I wasn't into it much back then.  I got Eternal Idol and was blown away.  Martin's debut with the band sounded nearly as potent as any of the Dio albums, and certainly worthy of much more attention than it gets.  So after wearing out EI, then picking up Headless Cross on CD to re-appreciate that album, it was on to TYR.<br /><br />Wow, I wish I'd known enough to get this back in 1990.  What an incredible, ridiculously unknown entry in the Sabbath catalog!  I have yet to get Cross Purposes or Forbidden, but for my money, this is the best Tony Martin album of the first three.  The sound is pure Sabbath, with guitars reminiscent of the late 70's-early 80's incarnations of the band.  A couple of tracks, like The Law Maker (which is AWESOME!) and Valhalla boast guitars as heavy as anything in Sabbath's history.  The Law Maker almost has a speed metal vibe, with classic Iommi riffing that sounds reminiscent of the Ozzy era, being driven by a pummeling beat from Cozy Powell.  Valhalla is another stomping, heavy song that stands up to just about anything from the band's past.  The whole album has a heavier vibe than both Eternal Idol and Headless Cross, with more energetic riffs and beats in songs like Anno Mundi, Jerusalem, and The Sabbath Stones.  Feels Good to Me, despite being a slower track written for radio, features parts a couple minutes in that have the epic guitar sound heard on some of the solo sections of Heaven and Hell, while the main riff to album closer Heaven in Black recalls Children of the Grave.  I really didn't find anything unlikable on this album.<br /><br />No matter what era of Black Sabbath you're talking about, Tony Iommi has always been an incredible songwriter, and is finally getting some long overdue credit among heavy metal fans for some of those albums like TYR that got bashed back in the 80's and 90's because of their \\"outdated\\" sound, or because of Ozzy's far wider success during that time.  As of this review, the original line-up is set to release a new album this fall after a summer of touring.  I'm completely excited and can't wait to hear how they sound, and I hope the success they're bound to have reuniting with Ozzy will convince even more people to search out the less-known Sabbath titles and enjoy what many missed out on in years past.  Tony didn't forget how to play guitar after Ozzy's departure, or for that matter, Geezer's or Bill's either.  Whoever the singer is, just about any Black Sabbath album is good for a solid eight or nine songs of classic heavy metal, as I've come to learn over the last few years.  If you're not steadfastly against Black Sabbath without Ozzy or Dio (or even if you are), definitely check out TYR, Eternal Idol, and some of the other previously disdained titles.  You'll be surprised.m closer Heaven in Black recalls Children of the Grave.  I really didn't find anything unlikable on this album.    No matter what era of Black Sabbath you're talking about, Tony Iommi has always been an incredible songwriter, and is finally getting some long overdue credit among heavy metal fans for some of those albums like TYR that got bashed back in the 80's and 90's because of their \\"outdated\\" sound, or because of Ozzy's far wider success during that time.  As of this review, the original line-up is set to release a new album this fall after a summer of touring.  I'm completely excited and can't wait to hear how they sound, and I hope the success they're bound to have reuniting with Ozzy will convince even more people to search out the less-known Sabbath titles and enjoy what many missed out on in years past.  Tony didn't forget how to play guitar after Ozzy's departure, or for that matter, Geezer's or Bill's either.  Whoever the singer is, just about any Black Sabbath album is good for a solid eight or nine songs of classic heavy metal, as I've come to learn over the last few years.  If you're not steadfastly against Black Sabbath without Ozzy or Dio (or even if you are), definitely check out TYR, Eternal Idol, and some of the other previously disdained titles.  You'll be surprised.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|I enjoyed all 3 books immensely. I like the characters (exaggerated as they are), plentiful details, cross-cutting (especially fast paced in the third book), setting. I have read some of the negative reviews and can only presume it's a matter of taste whether you find the series strongly captivating or not. You'll have to decide for yourself.
B005IGVYUG|5.0|My husband is a big Tom Waits fan and so wanted this for Christmas. He loves it! Recommend it if you have enjoyed his music in the past.
B000Z8GZYW|5.0|This is a classic, and I think this would have to be my favorite movie because I've seen it so many times.  It's been a tradition in my family to gather around the t.v. the evening of Groundhog's Day and watch it together.  We all love it and continue to find details we hadn't noticed before.  My 2 children are in college now; I ordered 2 copies so each one could continue the tradition in his/her respective dorm.  I can't recommend this movie highly enough.
B001NLKT60|5.0|I enjoyed all 3 books immensely. I like the characters (exaggerated as they are), plentiful details, cross-cutting (which increases its pace in third book), setting. I have read some of the negative reviews and can only presume it's a matter of taste whether you find the series strongly captivating or not. You'll have to decide for yourself.
B005URRCUY|5.0|My husband is a big Black Keys fan and so asked for this for Christmas. He loves it! Worth buying!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Nice simple game but complex at the same time. Fun way to pass time if you like puzzles. Perfecting the puzzled are a bit challenging.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this game. It keeps me entertained for ages. I have to do the levels several times just to understand what I need to do. I love it. It works great on my Kindle Fire. Good job.
B00631VJIC|5.0|I bought this for my husband who is a huge Sons of Anarchy fan.  Kathy Seagal was especially good. House of the Rising sun was the best he ever heard including Bob Dillon's version. Strongly recommend this for Sons fans.
031286504X|5.0|I AM LEGEND - which, by the way, is a ridiculously awesome title - is Richard Matheson's most celebrated story. I AM LEGEND, first published in 1954, is a staple in the genre of horror literature, a haunting novella that inspired three feature film adaptations. Three feature films which still don't do justice to the book. Matheson's game-changing scientific approach to vampirism, combined with his impeccable storytelling skills, influenced a host of renowned horror writers such as Stephen King and Brian Lumley. Matheson chronicles the harrowing odyssey of one man's struggle to survive in a blighted world. We track three years in the life of Robert Neville. In describing that three-year span, \\"bleak\\" would be understating it.<br /><br />The vampire virus struck without warning; it rapidly consumed the world, infected or killed off the entire human population but one. And now Robert Neville finds himself the last remaining human, clawing out a meager existence. By daylight, Neville stocks up on necessities and hunts down the vampires. By night, he barricades himself in his fortified home while the revenants roam the landscape and taunt him on his doorstep. It's only natural that Robert Neville finds himself quietly going insane. Matheson has never been more pronounced in his ability to convey a man's unendurable loneliness and sense of alienation. I AM LEGEND is haunting and frightening and addictive. I can see why it's regarded as an absolute classic, science and the supernatural and nerve-jangling human drama relentlessly melded into a nightmarish read. The pages almost turn themselves.<br /><br />I AM LEGEND, understandably, is the featured content in this anthology, but don't dismiss the other stories, which range from potent three-page drive-bys to more-fleshed out blood-curdlers that run over twenty pages. In this anthology, Matheson weaves a thread that seems to suggest that sinister, unfathomable forces, while not exactly always aligned against us, nevertheless inhabit our daily existence. While one or two of these tales is weaker than others - I found \\"Dance of the Dead\\" an offputting read, mostly because of the jarring style Matheson adopts - he manages to consistently display his arsenal of black humor (\\"The Near Departed,\\" \\"The Funeral\\"), his knack for psychological suspense (\\"Mad House\\"), and twisted imagination. I love his penchant for throwing in the occasional punchline or nasty swerve. \\"Dress of White Silk,\\" \\"Mad House,\\" and \\"Person to Person\\" are particularly noteworthy \\"What the F---?!\\" stories.<br /><br />I AM LEGEND kicks off the anthology; here's the rest:<br /><br />- \\"Buried Talents\\" (1987) - In a fairground, a man with infallible aim approaches a game booth. It would've better had the booth runner not effed with him.<br /><br />- \\"The Near Departed\\" (1987) - A pale little man enters a mortician's office and makes arrangements for his deceased wife. But there's a twist.<br /><br />- \\"Prey\\" (1969) - A long-suffering daughter inadvertently lets loose a murderous Zuni fetish doll who has this sharp little knife.<br /><br />- \\"Witch War\\" (1951) - Seven chattery little girls are conscripted into some unnamed war.<br /><br />- \\"Dance of the Dead\\" (1954) - In the aftermath of a war in which some of the dead are resurrected, four kids drive down to St. Louis to see a zombie stage act.<br /><br />- \\"Dress of White Silk\\" (1951) - The moral of this one is you shouldn't make fun of disturbed little girls' mothers or their mothers' dresses.<br /><br />- \\"Mad House\\" (1952) - Psychobolie phenomena: the paranormal link between the animate and inanimate. Matheson submits a story in which a habitually frustrated writer's unchecked anger, when released, doesn't dissipate but instead is channeled into the inanimate objects in his home. Sucks for that writer.<br /><br />- \\"The Funeral\\" (1955) - How Morton Silkline became the funeral director of choice for the supernatural community.<br /><br />- \\"From Shadowed Places\\" (1960)- A tale of darkest juju and prejudice and how primal forces roil beneath even the most professional of demeanors. It's Matheson's cautionary way of advising his readers to be kind to starving witch doctors.<br /><br />- \\"Person to Person\\" (1989) - From 3am to 6am, Millman hears a phone ringing... in his head. That is never a good thing.- A tale of darkest juju and prejudice and how primal forces roil beneath even the most professional of demeanors. It's Matheson's cautionary way of advising his readers to be kind to starving witch doctors.<br /><br />- \\"Person to Person\\" (1989) - From 3am to 6am, Millman hears a phone ringing... in his head. That is never a good thing.
0385738773|3.0|I was a fan of the Maze Runner trilogy from the beginning of the first novel. I tore through it like it was my job, did the same thing with the Scorch Trials, and then I spent months and months pacing around my dorm room and trying to bring it up in conversation as often as possible like a pissy bridezilla waiting for her wedding day. I counted down the days and tweeted James Dashner like a weird creepy stalker, and when I FINALLY got that email from Amazon saying that the novel was waiting in my Kindle, I basically went nuts.  I was excited; you get the picture.  My sister and I had several conversations about our favorite YA series, and I always said, \\"Mine might be the Maze Runner, but it all depends on how the last book ends.\\"   Womp womp. Cut to me, a feverish 10 hours later; I ditched lecture, finished the book and said to myself, \\"Huh...\\" It wasn't that bad, but it wasn't that good either.  SPOILERS UNTIL FURTHER NOTICE  Everything I liked about the Maze Runner and the Scorch Trials was absent from this novel. As a reader I grew accustomed to the ever present mysteries in the novel. The answers to mysteries about why WICKED exists and why all those kids were trapped in a maze were quickly and unceremoniously answered. Dashner proceeds to create a semi-unnecessary sub-mystery in the form of a note with hidden contents, given to our protagonist by one of his fellow Gladers. I genuinely thought that the note would be something stunning and revelatory...nope. It was a request, and one that I don't even think was necessary, given the way Thomas actually responded to the contents of the note. I think it would have been more effective to take Thomas to the side and say, \\"Bro, if I'm about to go, just kill me. If you don't, I'll probs try to kill you and you'll have to do it anyway. For real, I was a one dimensional character and we weren't even THAT close, when you think about it.\\"  And then, the nonstop action and go go go? It was fine, but it just seemed excessivefor a trilogy that deals with introspection and the troubles of forced waiting and uncertainty. The characters have been at the whim of others for hundreds of pages, and for some reason they seemed foreign when they were forced to be assertive and to make their own decisions.  And while this may be an excessively picky critique, I have to say it: I have never witnessed a more boring love triangle in my entire life, and I sat through Win a Date with Tad Hamilton. Did he really like either girl? This romance was so forced. And not appealing in the slightest. If Dashner didn't want to bother with a romance, he didn't need to; the trilogy would have been fine without it.  END SPOILERS  Bottom line, we finally get some answers. Some. Any fan of the Maze Runner needs to read this book, just for some closure. It'll leave you wanting more, but it's necessary. It's like the dessert course at the end of a five course meal--you're not hungry, your stomach hurts, and it doesn't even taste good, BUT you just keep eating because you're not a quitter and you've made it this far.
B005CW5E3E|5.0|I listen to this everyday while I'm riding around in the car. Nothing is more enjoyable than listening to the blues!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this a fun free app.  some of the games are really challenging.  I hate the ads, but it is free.  good time waster for sure
B000Z9PYJS|4.0|The Life of Pi by Yann Martel is an excellent read and opens, albeit briefly, the readers eyes to many topics including religion, animal training, and survival at sea. It was easy to read and would be recommended for High School level readers and up as some of the words, and the length,  could be a little difficult for a younger reader.   This book is oddly divided into 100 chapters with some spanning multiple pages and other lasting only a few words. Make sure to pay special attention when a new character is introduced as it may be a little confusing if you don't.   Overall an enjoyable read and definitely worth the price I paid to read it on the Kindle.
B004UFEJVW|3.0|\\"Up\\" is a good animated movie from Pixar but not as entertaining or impressive as \\"The Incredibles\\", \\"Finding Nemo\\", or \\"WALL-E\\". \\"Up\\" is a sentimental story with some adventure and humor but not a lot. Much of the film is spent just getting to know the main character. After a long first act, he does go off on an adventure in South America, but much of it is spent walking around. The movie does build, and has an exciting climax, but this is not among Pixar's best. Reviewed 5/30/2009 after viewing in 3-D during its original theatrical release.
B005H0IW6W|4.0|I just love Buble and this CD didn't disappoint for Christmas.  A few songs I fast forward through, but all in all; a good listen.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is nice but an easy. bord game and you half to down load so many things to get enufe points to bey. games
0545265355|5.0|The books arrived on time before Xmas.  This was a surprise gift and all the family have been hooked on them, reading the three books during vacations and now that there are back to school they continue with the saga. I personally just started the first one and so far it has been quite interesting.  These are good books that help developing the pleasure and habit for reading in young people balancing the time they spend in internet.
B0036EH3X4|4.0|There are no spoilers in this review. There are still a lot of strange happenings in season 6 to keep viewers occupied. Even though this is the last season, the characters are still discovering new things. But we are also starting to get some answers.
3836522845|5.0|A gift for my husband, who loves LaChappelle's work.  It was his favorite Christmas present!  I can best describe this as a baroque collection of photography.  Provocative, shocking, eccentric, colorful....I could go on. If you can appreciate excellent photography from an exceptionally creative mind who is not afraid of shock-value, I highly recommend this.  My ONLY wish is that each photo included a brief description of LaChappelle's inspirations for each work of art (it does include each celebrity's name, title and date...but we want to know more!).  If you have an open mind for art and photography, buy the book...you won't be disappointed!
0738702994|5.0|This is a fantastic deck and a must for all lovers of Tarot. There has never been enough attention given to the rich and deep culture of Wales and this deck really helps fill that need. The artwork of the major arcana is truly stunning and makes it easy to be drawn into that realm in a virtual 3D way, which is unique in my experience. I'm so glad I got this deck.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|stieg larsson has done it again!!!! I love the character Lisbeth Salander is the best reporter ever known. She keeps her life real.
B00402FGEE|4.0|This Stargate Universe show appears to be strongly influenced by the recent Battlestar Galactica remake. The tone is dark and grim, the characters are unhappy and desperate, and the situation is dire. Where Battlestar ranged from superlative to dreadful episodes, SGU is more consistently good and engaging. It's never excellent but neither is it ever awful. There are a nice variety of characters and planets, so each episode offers something new.
B001VNB54A|4.0|I dont have cable so when I saw that Amazon had a sale on this series I picked it up immediately and this series didn't disappoint. It does get off on a slow start but going into the third episode the character development and rhythm of the series really picks up and you're immersed in the lives and hardships that changed these Marines forever. What I appreciated about this series was the dimension in the story. This series is not just about the Marines that fought the war against the Japanese but also the Marines that fought the war in themselves. In my High School the Pacific War was not really discussed so to see this series brings a real attention to the forces our soldiers faced and the sacrifice as well as loss our country suffered. I wish they played these series in high school there are scenes in this series that tell more in one hour than a weeks lecture or a 1000 page text could ever describe. Obviously if you're a fan of action and saving private ryan you'll love this series but if you're also looking for something deeper there's a lot of humanity in this series as well.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|This cover is truly so lightweight that I do not mind keeping it on all the time (unlike my other Kindle, first version, with a heavier cover).  And the fold at the back that allows it to stand up is great for long things like movies.  Good job!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|The directions on the some of the games are very difficult to understand.  I think some games need better directions
B006C1DH92|2.0|love this game, but sadly, it does not load on the Samsung galaxy nexus; in addition, I can not get the icon out of my notification bar.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is ok but I'm only coin this for the free 250000 points uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh
1400064287|4.0|This reviewer concurs with most of the descriptions and strengths mentioned in the other reviews of this useful book.<br /><br />An additional reason to read this book lies in its essence as a modern day \\"handbook of rhetoric\\" geared to current or aspiring managers, public policy analysts, journalists, designers, film directors and the like----namely those seeking to have their ideas be understood, remembered and have lasting impact.<br /><br />Interestingly, the authors express in their introduction that \\"given its importance, it is surprising how little attention has been paid to this subject.\\" Those who have the inclination to investigate this question further might consult works such as \\"The Ong Reader\\" that go into the historic emphases on dialectic vs. rhetoric and the latter's increasing importance today.<br /><br />Fortunately, the Heath brothers cite such sources as Eric Havelock regarding the ancient oral tradition and memory. They mention \\"stories passed down by word of mouth\\" and the various aspects that make related ideas memorable. Using their \\"SUCCES\\" framework, the authors present many practical tips and examples. More specifically, ideas that stick are simple (S), unexpected (U), concrete (C), credible (C), emotional (E), and are associated with a story (S).<br /><br />One might also examine this work along side \\"theories of communication\\" and consider the ways that the SUCCES factors correspond with the elements of classical rhetoric as described by Marshall and Eric McLuhan.<br /><br />Look at this book for a \\"crash course\\" in learning an updated rhetoric for today (and for those who want a more comprehensive view also consult the other sources mentioned above to tie back to classic forms) for enlightening, entertaining, and moving to action.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it was really fun but some of them were rreally hard to beat. its great because if you get boredbof one game there are so many more. and its free! awesome
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The game is easy enough for my three year old daughter. We play all the time. Never ending fun and it was free. Very satisfied. with the app
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Lots of games that are good for all all ages mu three teat old n i love the chop sticks game
B000TERI3O|5.0|A great collection of cuts from Merle Haggard's long recording career, and a nice set to introduce your friends to good country music if they haven't discovered it yet, or Merle who's arguably one of the best in the country genre.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|a good app. :) I like to have lots of different games to play in one app. I don't understand why it is 16+ though.
B000O8OTNC|1.0|This dulled my knifes. I paid money so that I would mess up my knifes. Don't buy this you will regret it.
B004EPZ06G|2.0|I am glad I did not have to spend money to go to a movie theater to see this awful, awful movie.  This is not a comedy.  This is a filthy, dark movie.  I gave it 2 stars for the efforts of flying all the way to Thailand.  The rest is real Garbage with capital G.  It seems that there are very few comedy writers left in Hollywood nowadays.  It is such a pity to see so much money spent to produce such garbage.  The movie put me in a very bad mood for several hours.  No wonder, a lot of people are quitting going to the movies.  What I hated the most about this movie, was the total lack of creativity.  Very boring and repetitious.  Too bad.  The acting was actually pretty good, but the plot and storyline, was very, very bad.  I bet a 4th grader could have come up with a better plot and writing.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|me and my older sister love it!!!!!! I think its a great game! I would reccomend it for everyone. it is really fun
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app does a great job of  visually displaying past, present, and future moon phases. The UI is simple and intuitive, allowing one to see the phases change through time by swyping left/right or by manually choosing a date.  Samsung Galaxy Nexus
B004O3YGMC|3.0|Works fairly well but the cpu usage on the pc is extremely high.  On both my tablet an android phone I experienced a lot of disconnect and reconnect.  Compared to vnc and remote desktop this is a decent alternative.
B0063IH60K|4.0|simple to set up and works well. wish solitaire games would come set with 3 card draw as default, but easy enough to change.
0374275637|5.0|This is a very powerful book. There are two reasons for this. First Daniel Kahneman has written a easy to read book discussing some very difficult topics and involving discussing some very important research work. Normally when research work is cited - books starts to become dry reading. This one doesn't. I find it amazing to read about all the research and the story behind them. The use of hard research also makes this even more powerful than books like [[ASIN:0316010669 Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking]] from Malcolm Gladwell.   Second reason is that this book is helping me understand a lot more about human behaviour - my own and of those around me. It is helping me decide on areas of improvement and where I can benefit from my uniqueness.   I found it interesting to read that it is easier to observe others and use our reaction as a way to modify our behaviour than to observe ourselves. The two systems discussed in the book is now affecting lots of my thoughts and actions - hopefully for the better.  One question I have started wondering is where does the concept of meditation fit in. Once I absorb fully this book - that is something I am keen to explore. Are those practicing Zen Meditation for example much better at managing System 1 than those who aren't?  Recommended reading!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Love it so easy to use, the display and everything is really convenient and Sharp. Going to be using it extensively
B000ICLRJ8|5.0|A bit slow at the beginning - this according to my 9 year old...HOWEVER...I thought it was a great start (mom) and from that point forward....it was an AWESOME, action-packed movie to watch...especially with the surround sound....loved it!!!
B003V9OCS8|5.0|What an awesome (and depressing) movie. That's really about all I have to say, except that you really need to watch this to believe just how great it is.
B0060ZJ7BC|3.0|I read \\"Moneyball\\" several times before seeing the movie.  In my opinion, the movie did not capture the entire story of what the Oakland A's had achieve when forming this low budget team.  The story is about Billy Beane, and how he built a team based on statistics, not on the established player evaluation system. The movie failed to mention the drafting process where Bean and Paul Depodesta (played by Jonah Hill) seen the value of college ballplayers compared to high school standouts.  Most teams were drafting high school star players while Oakland concentrated on the mature college athlete.  It also failed to mention their star pitchers like Zeto, Mulder and Hudson also drafted by the A's and instrumental in their success.    I thought Brad Pitt did not portray Bean in the same context as in the book. Pitt, comes across as a monotonous lack of character Oakland GM.  Pitt's dialogue in the movie was limited to his chewing tobacco and mumbling a few words. This role would be perfect for Matthew McConaughey (Lincoln Lawyers) as a smooth talking GM portrayed in the book.  There are other actors who would fit the part and portray Bean as a more stimulating character than Pitt.  I can't imagine anyone who has read the book would nominate Pitt for a best actor oscar.   The book was great the movie a reluctant good, Pitts acting leaves much to be desired.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I recomend this book to anyone looking for a new seires to read. I love this book so much that i have now read it three times. This is one of Rick Roidens best!!!!!!! I give this book 5 stars
4770031246|5.0|I have just begun my interest/research into Bento cooking, but from what I've seen, this cookbook is the exact place to begin my efforts.  Not only does this give great information about the different types of bento boxes, dividers for differents kinds of food, and how to pack bento boxes, but the recipes are really good (from what I've read).  Not only are there asian recipes, but there are east indian ideas, hispanic and other not-so-japanese-type recipes.  The recipes look tasty, and everything in the book is inspirational for packing good, healthy, innovative lunches for your loved one or yourself.
B0058VW36U|5.0|i tried to get it 4 my kindel fire i 1 played it on the i pad but this time it said no download
0312611692|3.0|This is admirable but uneven attempt to sketch out a sort of universal history.  Morris goes well beyond the question of his title to produce an overview of Eurasian, and to a lesser extent, world history, over the last few thousand years.  Morris takes human nature as essentially fixed and universal with no significant ethnic differences.  He then focuses on how civilizations developed at the two approximate poles of the Eurasian continent.  The latter is his focus because civilizations emerged first in these regions and enjoyed a de facto technological head start and persistent advantages over other areas that developed civilizations, such as the Western Hemisphere or Africa.  Morris provides a series of reasonably good overviews of the development of civilizations in Western Eurasia and East Asia.  Following the suggestion of Jared Diamond, this is a biogeographical story with the availability of plants and animals suitable for domestication leading to the emergence of agriculture, more sedentary societies, and civilizations.  Morris then follows the trajectories of the Western Core (the ancient Near East and its successors) and the Eastern Core (China) over subsequent centuries.  This is a story of irregular progress and decline with the Eastern and Western Cores outpacing each other at different times.  A distinctive feature of this analysis is that Morris attempts to go beyond impressionistic analysis.  He constructs an index of civilizational achievements which he uses as a yardstick to compare the Eastern and Western Cores.  One can argue about the construction and use of his scale but this is an interesting and useful attempt.<br /><br />Morris does an overall good job with his narrative, summarizing a large amount of secondary literature.  He shows the rise and falls of major Eastern and Western societies, how they interacted via trade across Eurasia, and also looks into what determines the rise and fall of major polities and societies.  Climactic change is argued to be particularly important.  Despite the collapse of some major polities, like the Roman Empire, there is overall upward progress on Morris' scale across centuries.  The Eastern and Western Cores are at approximate parity until the Industrial Revolution.  Morris argues that the Eastern Core is now catching up and may surpass the Western Core.<br /><br />Despite the good narrative and efforts at scientific classification, there are some real problems with Morris' analysis.  His definition of the Western Core is essentially that of cultural continuity.  The Western Core migrates from the ancient Near East to the Mediterranean to Europe and then the borders of the North Atlantic.  In contrast, the Eastern Core is basically defined geographically as China.  But how much cultural continuity is there in modern China?  The latter is a nation-state, its government involves a form of mass politics, it pursues a form of industrial capitalism, and its intellectual culture is dominated by the natural sciences.  The Chinese have adopted the package of major cultural innovations developed in Western Europe and North America around the Industrial Revolution, a marked discontinuity with its past.  The present comparison isn't then between East or West, its properly a comparison between different versions of the Western Core.<br /><br />Morris also has a rather deterministic, monocausal view of important events, particularly the genesis of the Industrial Revolution.  He sees this as being driven by geography.  Because Europe had easier access across the Atlantic to the Western Hemisphere, it developed an Industrial Revolution.  While the \\"ecological windfall\\" of the Americas (and the corresponding availability of coerced labor from Africa) is probably a crucial factor in the genesis of the Industrial Revolution, this kind of monocausal explanation is unlikely to correct.  Morris is determined to avoid what he calls \\"lock in\\" explanations of more recent events.  In particular, he attacks the idea that some unique feature of Greek culture set the West on the inevitable road to the modern world.  While I agree with his desire to avoid this kind of determinism, there is some throwing out the baby with the bathwater.  Our natural sciences originate with Hellenic and Hellenistic science and math.  While there is a long and torturous path from Greece to the 17th century Scientific Revolution, Greek science and math (transmitted to Europe and elaborated by great Muslim intellectuals) provide the essential germ of our scientific tradition.  No Western science, no Industrial Revolution.  There is little evidence that Chinese civilization ever developed something analogous to the Western scientific tradition (see the final third of Mark Elvin's interesting Retreat of the Elephants).  Morris greatly underestimates the complex genesis and deep roots of the Industrial Revolution.<br /><br />The final section of the book, some speculation on the future, is the weakest.  Morris seems taken with the improbable ideas of Raymond Kurzweil about the so-called Singularity and also seems to have an exaggerated concept of the impact of biotechnology. He also seems to have an exaggerated idea of the likelihood of an acute collapse of civilization.  In fact, what we're likely faced with the continued articulation of our industrial civilization and the countervailing consequences of gradual environmental degradation caused by our impressive technology.that some unique feature of Greek culture set the West on the inevitable road to the modern world.  While I agree with his desire to avoid this kind of determinism, there is some throwing out the baby with the bathwater.  Our natural sciences originate with Hellenic and Hellenistic science and math.  While there is a long and torturous path from Greece to the 17th century Scientific Revolution, Greek science and math (transmitted to Europe and elaborated by great Muslim intellectuals) provide the essential germ of our scientific tradition.  No Western science, no Industrial Revolution.  There is little evidence that Chinese civilization ever developed something analogous to the Western scientific tradition (see the final third of Mark Elvin's interesting Retreat of the Elephants).  Morris greatly underestimates the complex genesis and deep roots of the Industrial Revolution.    The final section of the book, some speculation on the future, is the weakest.  Morris seems taken with the improbable ideas of Raymond Kurzweil about the so-called Singularity and also seems to have an exaggerated concept of the impact of biotechnology. He also seems to have an exaggerated idea of the likelihood of an acute collapse of civilization.  In fact, what we're likely faced with the continued articulation of our industrial civilization and the countervailing consequences of gradual environmental degradation caused by our impressive technology.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|its is a fun game some are hard I say you should get this app you don't unlock the next level you un lock what level you wont
B0063IH60K|2.0|Love this app on my ipod. Paid for it there &amp; would gladly pay again for an Android version. the ads are a deal breaker for me.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|not a bad app the games are challenging and hard but fun. I love the app it gives you points to spend to get more games.
B000K7UG34|5.0|I had looked all over for this product. Hadn't been on Amazon that long. I found  it and made the purchase for a gift.  I received it before the estimated delivery.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it was an okay game. it has a lot of advertisements spits annoying. the games are reallly hard and thewhole coin thing is so stupid. but some things are fine. playitif u rreallllllllyyyyyyy bored but if.not.iota awaste of space
B000002KGT|3.0|Great recording, five stars, the remastered edition, one, for an average of a three. This &#34;remastered&#34; edition fell victim to the 'loudness wars'. The dynamics are gone, the median average sounds are over-emphasized close to peak level, so when the loud parts should happen, they don't sound much louder than the average. Mics' drums don't have the same slam, the quite and average passages also emphasized, have little dynamic range, all the program material, quite and loud, is crammed up in the last 10-15% of the CD's loudness range. While a little clearer and cleaner, the end result is all the liveliness, all the edginess, all of the soul is gone. This was done to accommodate the iPod listener, not the critical listener. I am so glad I saved my original copy that I bought so many years ago.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I really like this app. I can read the Bible in different available versions and languages. As a youth leader I use it all the time in class with my students.
B005V20JKI|3.0|The game is a blast but sometimes characters cant shoot and get caught in the air sometimes. I cant use my multiplayer options because it always says I need the updated version but its not available.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I strongly recommend this game! this game is really fun to play in the car and really easy to control. my 3 year old brother knows how to &quot;win&quot;.  For a free app, this game is really good. It runs really well on my kindle fire. The ads aren't an issue at all.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its so amazing you can play many difrent games of difrent variaties for free!! I love this and you will too.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I'm on my kindle fire. I haven't encountered any problems with this app yet. It's very entertaining, though the games are a bit generic. The fact that you have to earn a certain amount of points on each game could keep me playing all day.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is super fun and very creative  my little sister loves this game sooooooo much she takes my kindle fire and she plays it 24/7
B003D7F3AO|4.0|Shortly after purchasing this film, we noticed that it was no longer available. That's too bad! We enjoyed the DVD.  Not sure whether Disney lawyers cracked down on Amazon or another distributor?  When we purchased the film, we hadn't realized that the Disney name had been scrubbed from the cover.  It turns out that this is a Korean copy of an early version of Fantasia; however, I'm not familiar with other versions to know ways in which this one differs.  After purchasing this I went back to study reviews of other versions and was interested to know that some of the new remakes were disappointing to customers - and these cost much more money!<br /><br />As to the content: the film must have been very progressive for it's time - acknowedging what were probably recent dinosaur discoveries in the tar pits of Los Angelas. Also, some of the nymphets, mermaids, and female minataurs had a slight sexuality that was suprising for a Disney film.  It also seems that this was more targeted to adult audiences because of the sophistication of the content.<br /><br />Through Wikipedia, we have learned that some portions of the original film have been lost, which is why many of the remakes are different.  I'm interested to research different versions of FANTASIA to better understand the ways in which it's been altered.<br /><br />I'm interested in the opinions of others.  Thank you,
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101+16 games offers hours of fun. perfect for the long car rides or even just to sit around. the house in hour pajamas. either way this app will keep you entertained for hours.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is like playing with real cards in hand, you don't win all that often.  I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys solitaire.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is fun but doesn't show how to play but other than that this app is a perfect time killer
B001UV4XIS|1.0|What can I say about this idea. I resent studios, who obviously don't trust consumers, for creating some system that does not allow purchasers to keep the copy they buy. I don't understand it in any way, and I keep hoping that someone somewhere will begin to address situations like this. There has to be a \\"consumer watchdog,\\" who takes care of something like this.   The wording on the packaging is ambiguous. If you are fortunate enough to talk to someone representing these people, who will meet someone arrogant enough to believe that they will use this system, regardless what buyers want.  There is only one answer, and it is not to buy a product like this. And if you are not an idealist, then do it for the simple reason that you don't want to be ripped off.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a pretty cool game and actually I'm just rating it to get extra points.  Its still a a really fun
B005HSG3VK|4.0|I know the Kindle Fire is sturdy, but I wanted a pink Kindle Fire and extra protection when carrying it. This is perfect.  It is very easy to install, fits perfectly and works as described.  I wish the stand would be more sturdy so it would hold when typing or playing Angry birds, but it's perfect and hold well when watching a movie (I don't really read with the kindle on the horizontal plane)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very entertaining way to pass the time.  the games are just difficult enough to be challenging while still doable.  you don't have to be an expert gamer to win these games and unlock new ones. great variety of games, definitely something here for everyone.
B005WZZRD8|2.0|I absolutely love \\"The Fame\\" and \\"The Fame Monster\\", and I think one of the reasons why is because those are two of the best sounding CDs I have heard.  Some of us actually have decent stereos that need a well recorded CD to really shine.  However, \\"Born This Way\\" is an absolutely terrible sounding CD.  It is compressed, and is unlistenable.  I guess it is for those with poor hearing, and cheap MP3 players.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|simply awesome app. I saw the other werewolves' reviews and I simply half to agree that this app helps greatly to know when that &quot;special time of the month&quot; is. there's nothing worse when you go out with that special lady in your life when you start convulsing, your muscles start throbbing and growing larger, and you begin to transform into a blood-thirsty creature of the night. thank you Udell Enterprises, Inc. finally I can be safer around those whom I care about.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I like how the program allows you to control your desktop from anywhere using your gmail account. Also, the thing I was worried about was a good and responsive system for entering text, and I was pleasantly surprised with what Splashtop came up with.
0062082353|5.0|He is correct, they are savages. Many of those commenting have argued with that description. But I think people who cut the heads off of their enemies and put it on video, rip apart their enemies and drag them down streets, and are willing to see their young children killed to serve a fascist belief system are fairly savage. Of course, I'm a Conservative Jew, and people like max Payne don't have their own asses on the line, I suppose.  A few it picks with the author, though. Chris, kids pick their careers by hearing about what those careers entail from people who have done it. That's why they need to hear your tale. And second, kids need real heroes other than Lady Gaga and Justin Beiber, and I, as a Dad, need good role mdels to have them to read about. The reason your story needs to be told isn't about you, it's about what you represent. May G-d Bless and keep you, Chris.
0143119680|4.0|I am loving this book!  I haven't finished it yet, but came looking to see if there was a sequel to it.  Luckily, I won't have to wait too long.  The historical facts are interesting, and the imagery is lush.  If the book had been touted as a \\"vampire\\" book, I probably wouldn't have bought it, due to the countless silly vampire books that have popped up in the last five years.  Love that it contains a strong female character who is intelligent and gutsy, but isn't too sappy.  Looking forward to reading more in this series.
B004EPYZTE|4.0|Not to tire you with a blow by blow of this movie. It's much better than Arnie's version in many ways. It's a fantasy movie so don't go in there expecting a BBC version of Howard's works. I think you should rent it as it's not for everyone, especially the amount of blood spilled. But saying that, it IS what Conan does well :) and it portrays that idiom in a very faithful way to both comics and text book's. I enjoyed it and thats all I cared about .
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is fun but very addictive. Good if you need a game that will take you hours to play, and you can't put down.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This is a fun app if you want a bunch of random games.  You have to replay some gamed you might not like to earn points
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Basically turned my phone into a windows 7 desktop pc with full access to my 2tb hard drive from anywhere I have 3g access or wifi.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The games are fun and varied. The point upgrade system is interesting.  The ads, however, are annoying even for a free app.
B005K17RU0|4.0|i like this weather app works well, very User friendly on kindle fire.  would recommend at this price its a steal
B0063IH60K|5.0|super game and it's so easy to play.  watch out 'cause it's addictive and fun with great features.  I highly recommend it.
B002L6I9Z4|1.0|Bought this camera in September for a Christmas present.  The camera did take a charge, but the screen turn grey and you can't turn the camera off.  The camera won't even take a picture.  You can imagine how I felt when I went to return it on Amazon and my window to return the camera had expired, and now I am stuck with a $60.00 none working toy.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|i love this game. i hope they make a bunch more!  music is relaxing and i like the chime sounds!
B0013ND36G|3.0|I thought I'd give this movie a chance so I did. I was so let down. It takes what you had in T2 then rips the story apart, sets it on fire, and whatever wasn't destroyed by the fire they put in the movie. Bonus featuers and extra content a good though so I guess it was a good deal for $8.00.<br /><br />Picture Quality: 9/10<br /><br />Sound Quality: 8/10<br /><br />Extra Content: 9.5/10<br /><br />Movie itself: 5.5/10<br /><br />Overall: 8/10
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I was initially skeptically about this app since I really didn't know that a tablet could effectively remote to a computer, but upon trying it out with my Kindle Fire, I can say that it works as advertised.  As many have pointed out, there is no encryption formed between your computer and the tablet, but when you are remoting over a public wifi or connection.  Private wifi there is no such issue as long as you have it secure yourself.  Aside from that, this app is wonderful and can have many uses for those who would like to do some work off your tablet in a pinch.  I know I'm recommending it, especially since it seems to work with barely any noticible lag.
B0019N94X6|5.0|This is how Blu-Ray sets should be made. This copy of \\"Scarface\\" comes with the remake with Al Pacino and the original; with Paul Muni. This set is in Steelbook box and has 10 collectible art cards from the movie. VERY nice set.<br /><br />Picture Quality: 8.5/10<br /><br />Sound Quality: 10/10<br /><br />Extras: 10/10<br /><br />Movie Itself: 10/10<br /><br />Overall: 9.6/10
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|[[ASIN:B004EFYZ1C Moon Phase Pro]]  What's not to like?  This is a well-written, tasty little app.  While marveling at the moon, I'm also amazed by the high-quality, FREE apps that the Android platform continues to spawn.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|This is a amazing Blu-Ray special edition. \\"The Terminator 2 Skynet Edition\\" contains 3 versions of the film. One is locked and needs a code to unlock (82997 is the code). This set also has TONS of bonus features and can connect to BD-Live. Overall it is a very good set.<br /><br />Picture Quality: 8.5/10<br /><br />Sound Quality: 9/10<br /><br />Extras: 10/10<br /><br />Overall: 9.2/10
B0063IH60K|4.0|love this game , easy to play and nice change from deck of cards. I would recommend this for anyone who likes solitaire.
1400052173|5.0|Although I am only half finished with this book, I cannot put it down! In fact, this is the first review I have ever written on Amazon. It is a great combination of science and family history. This will be one book I will be sorry to finish.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|My son is a whiz at puzzles of all varieties - and this one gave him quite a nice challenge.  That is a difficult thing to manage with this young man!  He enjoyed it immensely, and I'm not sure if he solved it completely yet or not - but I suspect he must have because I haven't seen him working on it since the day after Christmas.  That's the usual sign that he won.  He seemed to really enjoy this thing - it looks crazy and impossible to me.
0689835604|4.0|I like that this book is more interactive and has simple dialog since my 1 year old is mostly interested in turning pages.  The lift-up-flaps are blended so well into the page that it's sometimes hard to find them.  I'm sure once we break in the book and she is a little older she might get te hang of it better.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Simple and fun little time waster game. Sure there are space questions, sure the cards could be bigger but I wont complain at the price of free for download.
067144901X|5.0|I have a one year old daughter and it keeps her attention for most of the book.  The pages are perfect for her to turn.
B005OQ7DG4|5.0|Gave this as a gift before Christmas. I knew it would be received well, but after listening to it, there's no doubt this will be a Christmas favorite for many years to come. Definitely worth the extra few bucks for the extra tracks!
0307120007|1.0|This book looks very old fashion and is pretty dull.  We will see if I get around to returning it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is pretty good. it is a bunch of minigames that challenge you to hit a certain minimum. after you hit it though it gets a little boring.
B004J8HX5E|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas present for my daughter.  It was in excellent shape when it arrived and it came in plenty of time She loved it!
1451648537|4.0|I had purchased the the book for myself as a Christmas present.  It is a well written book, very in depth.  While it makes Steve Jobs look human, it also reaffirms my thought that he was a first class jerk.  A genius but a jerk nonetheless.  I cannot speak to the validity of the book, because I didn't know Steve.  All I can say is that I gained a better understanding of him, and why he acted the way he did.  I feel that this was worth the money, and Mr. Issacson did a wonderful job telling the world about Steve Jobs.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|My son loves studying about the moon and what the current phase is.  This is a beautifully done app and well worth paying for.
B0061JPYX2|3.0|Recently bought this CD there are a few songs on it that are good but I wouldn't recommend you buy it unless like me you are a fan of Amy's work.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Wow, I'm not a moon sort of guy, but this is great. I've a new found interest in the moon with this app. Great graphics,  and super easy to use.
1400069181|4.0|Blake Mycoskie is nothing but inspirational in Start Something That Matters and I am glad that this was the first book I read in 2012 on my quest to reading one book a week in 2012. The book outlines 6 steps to emulate the success of TOMs while contributing positively to the world around us.   1. Find Your Own Story  It is vital to have a compelling story to rally customers, generate word-of-mouth (mouse) and generate press buzz. The chapter gives concrete example of Adam Lowry and Eric Ryan and how they used the power of story to create the success of their company \\"method\\" (sales rose from $900,000 in 2001 to $100 million in 2010). That's some solid ROI. The chapter ends with a simple but effective assignment to find your own story.  2. Face Your Fears  The main message in this chapter is fear being always present but business fear is hardly fatal so the smart thing to do is face the fear and take action (only action is within our control).   3. Be Resourceful Without Resources  Lack of resources should not be used as an excuse not to start. Instead, the lack of resources should fuel creativity and foster an environment of long-term frugality. Look for free and low-cost options in everything.  4. Keep It Simple  Strip it down and keep your products as well as business model dead simple. That;s the simple message of this simple chapter.   5. Build Trust  How trust is critical for an organization's success with tips to build, grow and maintain trust within and outside of the organization.  6. Giving is Good Business  Giving is good business sense but rarely implemented by companies. the impact of giving is two-fold; i) it helps the world and ii) helps the company (in terms of karma or cash). This chapter ends with few practical ways to give even if it is not your intention to start a company based on giving.  The final chapter is about taking action. Not sitting on the sidelines but being in the arena. The book says that there are only 6 steps but I consider the final chapter the greatest step of them all.  I have created a comprehensive mindmap summary of the book which can be found at [...]
B001TH7GT6|5.0|This product was the lowest cist splitter amazon had to offer and it works just as well as one 3 or 4 times the price.
0316056863|3.0|tina fey is hilarious!! love her movies, love her acting... don't love the book.  it just seems like its trying too hard.  just doesn't hit the mark.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this rocks because it has a lot of games!!! I have a 8yr old and a 7yr old who love to play this.
0789310627|4.0|as amazing for adults as children, a must have for your kids library.  i only wish they were up to date throughout, they do give you the updates at the end of the book, but i wish it was all the way through.  overall - LOVE THEM!!  everyone that sees them in my library adores them...
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very cool. I live that there's lots of games so that if you only have this app, then u have more then 100 games. its soo cool.
0812932293|2.0|i bought this book thinking that i would love it... but i couldn't get into it.  i felt like it started off in such a boring way, too slow moving and detailed about boring details.  i can see that a lot of people are into this book... it just didn't grab me at all.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a awesome app you can do what ever you want on it. I really suggest you get it
B000J3OTTQ|5.0|I ordered this gift for a friend for her daughter because she had been told Amazon.com was the only place to get this edition of Step Up.  This was after she had looked everywhere else for it and she was becoming discouraged as this is all the daughter had wanted for Christmas. She got it thanks to Amazon.  Service and shipping was very quick and as promised.  You made one young lady's Christmas very special.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome application, its great when you want slot of games but you cant think of or find any, i love it
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Really enjoy the games. Wish I could earn points faster. The games are challenging at times, but fun to keep trying.
B001UV4XHY|2.0|I thought why not continue the series, and tried. Having loved the first film after I read the book, I thought--what fun. And it was. But by now the fun is gone and the predictability is the storyline. Thank heavens for DVD technology so you can zoom past the long, dull scenes...to cut to the limited storyline. I know I'm one of the few, who wasn't happy with it. But such is life. Boring.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I find this game very simillar to where's my water. you have to think, but yet it is fun. Worth a dollar by far. Great game I would recommend any day!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|gvhvhc vcgcyc vygyg vhfhvuv yvhfhfyv hcgy yvyvy y y y y. huh yyh th uh huh huh yhh hug hug huh huh huh huh h hy hy hy
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I was needing a few casual games on my phone and this more than fits the bill for that. Great looking UI and simple.
0307477479|5.0|A Visit from the Goon Squad is a collection of intertwined stories about a small group of people with ties to the music industry and/or each other.  We get to learn about them not only from their own points of view but from the eyes of their peers and family members.  Each person travels a journey from starry-eyed youth to humbling adulthood, point A to point B, and the characterization is amazing.  So is the writing.  Jennifer Egan celebrates various narrative styles from first person to third, present case to past, and even perhaps her best chapter, written entirely as a Power Point presentation.  If you read books in the hope of falling in love with interesting (and authentic) characters, this novel is for you.  If you are a writer, A Visit from the Goon Squad  is a textbook on how to bring your characters to life on the page.  Joe
B004FOA84A|5.0|Works great on my Fire, downloaded perfect.  Great graphics. read the reviews before buying and so was well aware of the length to do. worth the 99cents to me! some puzzles easy, some harder, so I wasn't bored. I still gave it 5 stars because I enjoyed it, and was aware of length of time most seemed to take playing it and didn't feel like I should deduct because of that.  have fun!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Fun and hours of entertainment. I like how you can keep earning coins on the games you've mastered in order to buy more games. Works excellent on my Kindle.
0061122416|5.0|Do not approach this story with the idea that Paulo Coelho is a master of prose. His simple style may turn off those more acquainted with bombastic, grandiose, or aggrandizing diction. Coelho's style can best be described as biblical. I personally love the simplistic, bold, and terse nature of the writing. If you cannot develop a taste for this style, at least understand the audience he was writing for. This book is, after all, has been translated into a huge number of languages worldwide. No doubt, a lot of Coelho's idiosyncrasies are lost in translation. Still, even after multiple reads it still manages to reach a level of near sublimity.<br /><br />There has been a bit of criticism here on the comments. To me, none of them really hold much water. The main one is above, but there are a few others. One of them is the \\"male-centric storyline\\". If you have even begun reading Coelho's books, you will see that half or more were written on and about a woman protagonist (Brida, Veronica Decides to Die, etc). More to the point, a larger focus on men is unavoidable - after all the main character is male. That does not make this book any less applicable to women. This book does not distinguish between men and women when it comes to its main messages and themes. The protagonist could have just as easily been a woman. It would not make any difference.<br /><br />The lack of character depth was also an obviously conscious decision on the part of Coelho to encourage the projecting of the reader onto the protagonist. Again, if you are familiar with Coelho's other work, you would know that he has at least some skill in developing his characters. The reader would be best treating this story less like the novel that it does not purport to be and more like a myth or fable.<br /><br />The argument that it \\"advocates materialism\\" makes little sense to me. I suppose if materialism means having a strong work ethic, being persistent, and pursuing one's dreams - then yes it does. The book does not say money is the root of all evil. Perhaps that is what the critics want it to say. If you are familiar with Coelho's works you would again know that his philosophy is that of enjoying life and the company of friends. Coelho's tone towards wealth is neutral and he even shows how easily it can be taken away (three times). He does not advocate strong attachment to money  - and certainly not materialism.<br /><br />This book is not for everyone, but I do know it is for most. It tells a universal message in a universal style. This message can be applied to all genders, ages, ethnicities, and creeds. Those looking for a book that can help them look smart would be best served looking elsewhere. This book revels in minimalism. Those looking for cynicism would best served looking elsewhere. You will only find an uplifting story here.root of all evil. Perhaps that is what the critics want it to say. If you are familiar with Coelho's works you would again know that his philosophy is that of enjoying life and the company of friends. Coelho's tone towards wealth is neutral and he even shows how easily it can be taken away (three times). He does not advocate strong attachment to money  - and certainly not materialism.    This book is not for everyone, but I do know it is for most. It tells a universal message in a universal style. This message can be applied to all genders, ages, ethnicities, and creeds. Those looking for a book that can help them look smart would be best served looking elsewhere. This book revels in minimalism. Those looking for cynicism would best served looking elsewhere. You will only find an uplifting story here.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so fun can't stop playing. games are good. but tricky ,too. when I was done with homework,I played right away.
B003AWRM9W|5.0|Thanks! Quick shipping. Great product. Just as described. This movie is a great Clint Eastwood classic. I would recommend this retailer and this movie.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty fun games but it gets a little boring after a while. some of the games could be a little gunner. definitely worth the download.
0062101897|5.0|My daughter LOVED this book. A great collectible,she will keep forever.The book is very heavy thank goodness I had free shipping. We joked that as a wrapped Christmas gift it was bars of gold,it was that heavy.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|I like the games but it runs in the background all the time. it sucks the battery life out of my phone. I can kill the app but it will start up again without me opening it. really annoying. will probably have to uninstall to save my battery.
B002T44ZYW|5.0|i just finished reading this book and i loved it! i just placed my order for the second book and can't wait to start reading it!
B004EFYZ1C|3.0|The background looks cool on my Droid3, and has some cool features. My issue is that all of my YouTube videos stuttered while it was active, and then it wouldn't let me change to a different background until I uninstalled it. I don't know what caused the issues, and don't have time to fret that much time on my phone's background. Thanks, but not gonna use it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|pretty good I liked it it was fin good.game has lots of.games.fun....great game I liked it I like the oil game.pretty fun
B0054JZC6E|4.0|decent quick games and challenging so far some games seem impossible but will be fun to try to win them
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Best Bible app ...use it every day on multiple devices! Love the interface and the reading plan options. Highly recommend!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|liked it but I could not pass some levels after 5 times but I still really liked it and j am still playing it ok ok ok
B004I744AS|5.0|I am very impressed with this great dictionary. As so many others have said, it is fast, accurate and packed with useful information. I really love it and I'm very grateful for its generous 'free' price!
B0007KS7D0|4.0|I bought this as a cheap alternative to a dedicated macro lens. Didn't see any drastic degradation in picture quality. But I find it difficult to focus with Nikon 70-300 VR and at 1:1 the DoF is too narrow. And I don't think this can be used to get stunning pictures of say an eye of a grasshopper. But good for flowers. So far I am happy with the purchase.
B004HO6I2E|4.0|Great movie,recommend it to over 18s,don't let your kids to watch this movie,it is such a funny flick. I can tell you from exsperiances it has some real life moments that's every family has, I think that's what make it so fun loving .
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is a great way to kill a few hours with a ton of games. It's fairly easy to get the extra games.
B004EPZ06G|4.0|Hi,what can I say about this movie? Only that it was as hilarious as the 1st one, so funny,bit rude at times,didn't need to swear so much but over all,a fantastic movie!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I enjoy playing all the games with my friends ... some of them are challenges others are easy as pie.... it is fantastic. fun for everyone everyday!
B0063IH60K|5.0|The game is exactly like playing solitaire and it's just like I'm playing with cards on a table. I like that I can personalize the background and cards.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|great tool.  helpful to teach kids the phases.  nice bright and clear.  love that it was free! we highly recommend this app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love it! its really easy to get points and I love all the games, plus if you submit a review you get a lot more coins.
B005MYEQ4U|3.0|I found this movie to be a requiem for a Paris that is gone forever. While travelling through Europe some time ago, I was struck by how much Paris resembled a city of the Maghreb. After some research, I now understand why. Woody Allen's film reflects back on a time when Paris was a European city. It's now become Islamified. I find it odd that no film reviewer has mentioned this.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is funnn :3 but then again its easy to enter tain me for some rea son I wish knew why lol (I just wrote all that to fill space^^)
B006JPS1OM|3.0|it is still taking for ever to download and install hidden object games onto my kindle fire including this game it really sucks wish I were playing it now but still downloading
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is fun and I'm getting points for reviewing so I guess its chill . I need a few more words so whatever just download iy
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101-in -1 Games is an awesome assortment of fun and fabulose games from classics to more modern games. Perfect for people who can not choose just one game to play.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love the games. Me and my boyfriend play them all the time! The ads aren't as annoying as I thought they would be either. All in all an awesome free app!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This thing is awesome.. Great games but i have had a hard time with some of the games.Love it so far.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I loved it I made a promise that I would try to beat one Every night before I went to bed its.proving quite a challenge
B0054JZC6E|4.0|challenging but fun good variety of games it is a very fun game I spend a lot of time on it
B0054JZC6E|5.0|wow cnt express feelings to cool &amp;active you solo play so many diff games &amp; all u do is choose n no cost
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great app. I love that you can play so many different games and not have a lot of apps taking up space. the points are really easy to get and the games are fun.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|Some of the best and most memorable music! His music brings life to my heart and soul. I have listened to this CD several times now, and bought one as a gift for my son, since he also loves his music with the movies.  Truly an amazing conductor!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|not too shabby. all the games can be kind of challenging and you don't really want to stop playing all the little mini games.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Sometimes it does not work even with wifi on and working. I really like the access to studies and devotionals.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|I loved everything about this book. I couldn't put it down. I passed it on, and it has circulated through 5 more people who also loved it as much as I did. I highly recommend it. I cannot figure out why there are any negative reviews.
B0063GORYU|1.0|but totally ruined by video ads that interrupt the game and take over the entire screen.  not worth it, even with the free price.
B003VS0CX8|5.0|This was a great purchase. Great sale price, quick shipping. Highly recommended. I don't have a blue ray at this time but this package had a regular DVD and a blue ray so I'm prepared for when I do have a blue ray player.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a lot of fun has many games to choose from. you will not.be disappointed you got this game. give it a try
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the game.helps me.pass time quickly when i need something.to do. i love playing the chopsticks game it is my favrite of them all.
0385534639|1.0|I have never posted a review before, however this story is so horrible that I am compelled to express my disappointment. I will keep it short...here goes:  This story is disjointed with character development that is, well...non-existent. It reads as if the author was confused about where the focus of the story should be...at this point I am not quite sure who the main character is and I have finished the book. I can't even say that this novel is a train wreck because that would imply movement and this plot went nowhere; it just was. Wow! I can't believe the number of good reviews this story received...absolutely horrible!
B004FOA84A|4.0|I thought the game was fun me and my daughter had a good time solving the riddles and to the person having trouble with globe the answer is love on the fridge
1439153663|5.0|When a white servant girl violates the order of plantation society, she unleashes a tragedy that exposes the worst and best in the people she has come to call her family.   This was a great book from page one it had me captivated. I must warn you though it had a lot of violence and some immorality going on. The language was not bad and it has a great story line.  If you like reading about slave days and the south you will love \\"The Kitchen House\\"
1451648537|4.0|While the author does a very good job at conveying who Jobs was and why he was his lack of business experience means he might not always have known what questions to ask and the book therefore turns increasingly toward Jobs interest in music and spirituality where the author is on surer ground. What the world needs now is a book dedicated just to the Apple empire, its ups and downs, its strategies and tactics.
B005N95JA4|5.0|Disk 2 is surely destined to be considered the Long Lost Country Album the Stones should've released all along. Every single track is KILLA DILLA, just incredibly good...in fact it's so good I'm just going to consider it to be the Long Lost Stones Country Album for myself. As far as I'm concerned it stands alone as a high-ranking addition to their entire discography. Hell, I may be from Texas but I'm no Country fan. So it really says something that I'm completely monkey rocks over this stuff.<br /><br />Highest Recommendation!!!
B004LWZW4W|5.0|[[ASIN:B004LWZW4W Rise of the Planet of the Apes (Two-Disc Edition Blu Ray + DVD/Digital Copy Combo) [Blu-ray]]]  Rise of the Planet of The Apes Blue Ray is stunning!!! Andy Serkis might have been born a chimpanzee :D. Each facial nuance and stance is indicative of a true ape. I hope to see this win the Academy Award as best picture and Andy as best actor. The story was well written with great tie-ins to the Planet of the Apes franchise. \\"Get your hands off me you damn, dirty ape\\" and the response is a fresh review of the original movie. The movie is best watched with captioning so as not to miss any words in ape speak (No, no, wait, up, etc.). If you can't tell the movie blew me away, then you are not able to read :D.
B004WDRSO2|5.0|Great product just as described and better. Very fast mailing time. Ordered more from this seller. Fair prices. Thank you!
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|This is a great app for people who like to keep track of moon phases and know when the moon will be full, etc.   Love cheese mode! Funny addition.
B002OR18HQ|5.0|great purchase, thanks, bought as a christmas present was very pleased with it as it also teaches you to play along with a guitar.
B002I0J5FG|4.0|I missed out on these two games when i had a ps2. Now that they are on the ps3 i definitely wanted to check this collection out I was a disappointed in Ico as the game hasn't really aged well the A.I is extremely clunky and the controls and fighting is terrible, but the game's story, environment is truly a marvel. For Shadow of the Colossus, this game is FANTASTIC. The game is miles better than Ico, the fighting is much improved on and the open world is a perfect setting for the story. The boss battles blew my mind when i fought the first colossus for the first time. I recommend this collection for any PS3 gamer and those who had missed out on them like me
B000W93CHC|5.0|Pillars of the earth is one of my all time favorite reads.I was so happy when pillars came out again and this book was just as great as pillars.I recommend this book to everybody that loves what I call a deep read.I am waiting for another sequel to this and am hoping he is thinking about writing one soon.Read Pillars of the earth and then land without end back to back.You will be glad you did.
B006MHWXMS|5.0|This is a must have productivity app. I use it as a planner to keep my schedule organized. Much of the negative reviews complain about January having 32 days in the app. This has changed with the update and is therefore a non issue.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I got this app today(1-08-2012)and it's a fun app. I'll have to wait and see how it works in the long run, but so far it works great on Mt Kindle Fire.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Love this game! I missed being able to play it on the computer. I'm happy to have it on my zoom.
B0063IH60K|4.0|one of the 1st apps I got and I still play regularly. also, there are not as many pop-up ads as some other apps I've gotten.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|I decided to rent this movie because of all the positive reviews and the praise from the film festival. This is unfortunetly a terrible movie with no resolution of any of the issues confronted by the characters of the film. I do not recommend this film to anyone who hopes to find an uplifting and triumphant tale of love in spite of tragic events and loss.
0439023491|5.0|LOVED this sequel to The Hunger Games! Suzanne Collins' writing is easy-to-read yet dramatic. Several times my heart stopped, other times it was racing as I flipped through the pages. This is such a good read for all ages!
B0066W1AZK|4.0|For free, you can't beat it. On.the easy levels, it acts like it wants to lose. But as you progress, it's more competitive. Overall, well worth the nothing I paid for it.
0439023521|5.0|Ever since I finished the Harry Potter series, I have abandoned book series. I felt nothing could live up to JK Rowling. Suzanne Collins gets pretty darn close!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is a very cool piece of software. Great way to get full browser experience on my phone. Going to set up slingbox next.
0439023513|2.0|Where was the Suzanne Collins that wrote The Hunger Games and Catching Fire?! I was absolutely in love with the series until I read this!   Half of this book could have been eliminated and focus on the issues she pulled the readers to care about the most in the previous books. I would not blame her if she announced a complete redo and wrote a brand new Mockingjay. It truly seems as if she didn't know how to end the series and just pulled something together.  [SPOILER] Did Katniss simply live with Peeta because Gale moved away? Let's just simply forget about a best friend because he moves away? So what if Coin died - everything is just fine now? Why couldn't have the finale happened earlier and Collins cut out all the random injuries and Katniss' poor-me stories. Gale - goes from dear friend to just this black and white character? No development at all!  I just can't get over how disappointed I am with this book. What a cop out!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Games is fun and gives you a lot of choices. My kids love it and my daughter gets excited the more &quot;money&quot; she earns so she can unlock more games.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I got this game because my brother had so much fun on it and I love it. If you rate it you get free points.
B004FOA84A|4.0|This game was amazing and fun. Well worth the money.  I was sad when it ended a bit short. I'm hoping for a 2nd one.
B005HJWWW8|5.0|I recently purchased a portable BD/DVD player lacking any sort of tone controls on it (no bass-boost, bass, or treble).  All I had was volume control.  So what did I do?  I purchased a handy, little device called the FiiO-E6 headphone amplifier.  It comes with a long and a short connector cable.  You just use one of them for connecting the FiiO-E6 to your portable device's headphone jack.  Then you plug your headphones into the output jack of the FiiO-E6.  These things are generally advertised and promoted for use with iPods and the like.  However, I've always been more of a movie fan than a music person.  So I purchased it for use with my portable BD/DVD player--a Panasonic DMP-B200 to be exact.  Anyway, the FiiO-E6 has a nifty little EQ feature on it: Modes EQ1, EQ2, and EQ3.  EQ1 seems to boost bass and cut treble--handy for extremely bright movie soundtracks (or bright music); EQ2 (my favorite mode) boosts bass, but maintains the treble--personally I think I'm hearing a treble boost, as well; and EQ3 which seems to cut down on the volume (I hardly ever use EQ3).  EQ3 seems to have an intended purpose having to do with certain types of headphones which I have not researched closely.  Personally I use Sony MDR-V6 headphones which are fairly expensive studio monitors and which are full-size, around-the-ear, noise-blocking headphones of rather high quality.  So I really have no need to look into the EQ3 mode.  My Sony headphones work just fine with the FiiO-E6 in either EQ1 or EQ2.  At first I had my doubts about the FiiO-E6. But for the modest price I thought \\"why not give it a whirl.\\"  Sure I thought I would hear a muddying of the sound as opposed to just connecting my headphones directly to the portable BD/DVD player.  I thought I would hear hiss and all kinds of sound contamination with this thing.  But to my great surprise, there was no detectable audio contamination.  And yes, the FiiO-E6 actually improved the audio performance as was its intended purpose.  Itmade my DVD and Blu-ray watching experience totally pleasurable on my portable player.  This thing is great!  The FiiO-E6 has a built-in (apparently non-replaceable) rechargeable battery.  Each charge last for approximately 10 hours of audio performance (I have confirmed this).  Instead of recharging it via AC, you simply connect the supplied USB charging cable to any computer USB port and recharge it that way.  A red indicator light will go out once it is fully charged--roughly two or three hours (my guesstimate since I did not actually time it).  Of course, the battery is good for many hundreds of charges, but once exhausted you will simply have to purchase a new FiiO headphone amplifier product.  But the price is cheap and it won't break you.  This deivice is only about the size of a 50-cent piece and maybe just over 1/4 inch thick.  It has a clip for those who listen to music when jogging (I don't use the clip since I use my FiiO for movie watching).  Bottom line: If you have portable audio/video equimpment lacking tone controls, the FiiO-E6 is for you!  I didn't buy it for its volume control (I can control volume from my portable BD/DVD player).  Rather, I bought the FiiO-E6 for those handy EQ settings.  But yes, the FiiO-E6 does have a volume control as well.  When you're done using it, you must remember to shut the power on/off switch to \\"off\\" so that you do not drain the battery.  Likewise, if you're using the product, remember to turn it on first.  Otherwise you'll get no audio through your headphones (it does not pass through audio from your portable device unless it's actually on).  While these last two statements may seem like common sense, trust me; on a device this small and portable, forgetting to turn it on or off can be an easy mistake to make.  Anyway, I highly recommend the FiiO-E6 if you're looking for some tone control from your portable device as heard through headphones.
B001E45XT4|1.0|Product is amazing but try to buy it from someone else, it came several days late and they have horrible customer service
B005K17RU0|5.0|I do a lot of traveling and love having a list of cities I frequent. I wish you could just scroll through the cities instead of having to pick you city to see the information. Otherwise its great!
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Can't wait til I get to upgrade this review to five stars. Main feature I would like to see is hierarchical bulletted lists. I make a lot of notes with bulleted lists of several indentations. I cant even edit those because the app removes all of the indentations.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is nothing but fun. its a little grindy at moments but overall I enjoy it. I would recommend this.to all of my friends.
B003Y5H5FG|3.0|Charley Brewster (Anton Yelchin' \\"Terminator Salvation\\") discovers something he didn't want to know. His next-door neighbor may be a vampire. And his name is Jerry (Colin Farrell, obviously enjoying the role).  A remake of the cult film made in 1985 directed by Tom Holland (who went on to make \\"Child's Play\\"), the 2011 version of \\"Fright Night\\" refuses to be taken seriously. Not that this is a comedy (though occasionally humorous, not too overtly so), but if you are looking for a very scary movie, this is not the one for you. Despite the merciless nature of the vampire, the film's tongue-in-cheek approach in mixing laughs with scares tends to make the film itself less scary than some might expect.  Imogen Poots plays Charley's girlfriend and Toni Collette Charley's mother. Their roles are rather thankless ones, compared to Charley's hapless friend Ed, played by Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and a scenery-chewing Las Vegas magician and vampire expert Peter Vincent (David Tennant).   Set in and around Las Vegas, the isolated suburban location is effectively captured by cinematographer Javier Aguirresarobe (known for \\"The Others\\" and yes, the \\"Twilight\\" series). But the story gets less interesting as it progresses, and after all the film, entertaining as it is, is only reusing the conventions of vampire films, instead of reinventing them.
0060527986|5.0|I found the Warrior of Light to be insightful, simple and easy to read. Many of the concepts require gentle thought and feeling.  I will read this book more than once! Thank you Paulo.
B0063IH60K|1.0|so many adds. terrible job. avoid this app at all costs. especially the cost of free because it's not even worth the download.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game, fast quick games that are entertaining and fun, but still challenging. it is fun unlocking the games and trying to get high scores.
0811821846|5.0|I got this for my 13 year old grandson for Christmas and he loved it.   The recipes are VERY low in sugar and fat, but the kids seem not to mind if they are the ones doing the cooking.  He has made at least 5 of the recipes in the book here at my house.  They are kids recipes.  \\"Hoth Chocolate\\" and   the like but it turned out to be the best of all the presents that I bought.  Also cooking for kids that enjoy it  provide practice in reading,math and organization with out the usually attendant pain.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|ok, nothing great but nothing to hate, play games to win more games... wish I had all the games in the begining
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app works great on a Dell Streak 5.  The data is correct on my device.  Today is a Full Moon. Yesterday was a Waxing Gibbous.  Either the people having data problems also have device problems, or the developer has made corrections before I downloaded.  The app works very well now!  As for all of the whiners who continually complain about every app's widget not working if the app is moved to sd card, Android OS does not allow for ANY widget to work if the app is moved to the sd card.  With today's devices, there is no reason to move an app to the sd card anyway.  Get a real Android device with a real memory!  Not some freebie-give-away device with no memory.  Then you will have enough memory to store all of your apps on the device without degrading performance.  All of your widgets will then work, too!!!  Until you upgrade...STOP COMPLAINING!!!!!  @superman75...your humor used to be funny.  I used to enjoy reading your reviews.  Now it's just boring and you are trying too hard.  It's sad that you have run out of material at such an early point in your career.  Already a has-been and you were just getting started!!!  Please change your name to Has-Been-Boy75.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Find myself playing for hours.  Now and then it throws me into the web that is odd.  Otherwise no problems.
B004MNO0BQ|4.0|this is pretty good on kindle fire. the only thing I don't like is that when u play 2 player mode sometimes the paddles get stuck 2gether or the paddles get stuck2 the wall.I would give this app 5 stars if the paddles didn't get stuck. other than that it is a good app.
B005H9B2CE|1.0|Zero interesting things happened in this movie. The plot was totally predictable and uninteresting, the visual effects were expensive but had nothing else going for them, and even the main characters were pretty dull. You can find better fanatsy films, better action films, more visually stunning films, better natalie portman or anthony hopkins films, etc...so I am not sure why one would watch this movie.  I guess we could always use more movies that seem to just be about how some white guy is aaaawesome.  Well at least natalie portman is gorgeous and the Asgard bridge was neat looking
B0063IH60K|4.0|Very enjoyable!  Good way to take up time or while watching Tv.I would recommend this game for anyone to play.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|the ultimate note taking app totally with it excellent design great User interphase really easy to use everyone should use it
B005OK721G|4.0|Young 10 year old Cataleya witnesses the murder of her father and mother at the hands of a vicious drug cartel leader and his assassins.  The murder was caused by her father's wish to leave the cartel and start a new life with his family.  Before her father is murdered he gives his young daughter a memory chip and tells her where to go in case something happens and to give the man the chip and tell him that it is her passport.<br /><br />Cataleya (A name for a local Columbian orchid) escapes by attacking the man who helped kill her family and winds up in Chicago living with her uncle and his mom.  He is a ruthless criminal also and she tells him that she wants to grow up to be a professional killer.  He teaches her that anyone can be a killer and stupid and get caught but she must go to school, learn, be trained and become the best to be able to always get away.<br /><br />Thus starts the saga of Cataleya's life and her goal to find and avenge her family's murder by killing the men who did it.  Zoe Saldana plays the sultry and beautiful woman who becomes a mass murderer to achieve her goal.  The movie features a lot of fast action and her methods of getting to her untouchable enemies are reminiscent of \\"Mission Impossible\\" type of assassinations.  Several of the escape scenes are fun to watch!<br /><br />This is a fast paced shoot-em-up movie and you will enjoy it if that is what you like.  I gave it 4 Stars based on that fact.  The script and dialog at times are lacking and the movie counts on the beauty of its lead actress to carry the show.  It is bloody and vicious so be ready if that genre is not your favorite type of movie.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Absolutely unacceptable. If you want to run banner ads in your game, thats fine, but don't hijack my notifications with your garbage.  do not install.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|This app is an interesting calendar tool and astronomical guide to lunar activity.  On the main screen it shows you what the moon will be like today.  You have to enter in your location to get accurate information.  What I like is that by touching the calendar symbol at the top you get a monthly calendar and it shows the lunar status for every day of the upcoming month.  You can even look months ahead.  If you touch a day the lower ½ of the screen provides a larger view of the moon on the day you selected.<br /><br />By touching the data button you can review all of the lunar activity for that day with all of the scientific data provided to you.  The place button wants you to enter you location to provide you accurate lunar data.  You also have a clock function in order to advance the data or time to see the changes in the view of the moon.<br /><br />I gave this app 5 stars for the quality of the data provided and its uniqueness. It is interesting!<br /><br />I like using this app and keeping track of the moon cycles.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very fun. I like it a lot so do my friends. it is very additive :) :)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game... makes you want to keep playing. not too difficult yet not to easy. love that they added 16 extra games too :)
B0054JZC6E|3.0|not bad easy enough for someone like me who doesn't play major games. some games are repetitive but keeps me entertained.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is very fun it is built like all of these mint games and you unlock some when you have enough points so these game is super fun
014312093X|5.0|There are two reasons I bothered to pick up this book.  Gary Oldman is starring in the new movie, whom I regard as one of the best actors to hit the silver screen,  and an interview with the director of the BBC TV series aired quite a few years ago, in which he said it is a thick story and it would be a good idea to read the book first so as not to get lost in the movie, so I took the advice.  I'm not a fan of cold-war spy stories,  and going in to it I didn't think I could really get into a genre who's day had past, being that the new enemy are the terrorists right?  Suffice it to say,  by 50 pages in, after the interrogation of Ricki Tarr,  I was completely hooked, and it got to the point I was giving up my usual routine to read, read, and read some more until I finished (I learned how to feed a 9-week-old baby a bottle while reading a book).  Yes the plot is intricate, it requires full attention, a good memory of many characters, motivations, and personal histories, but the pay-off is immensely rewarding.  It has all the low-burning suspense mixed with the right amount of white-knuckle moments (Peter Guillam brought in to face Percy, the final chapters' hunt and discovery of the mole) to make the story earthbound (i.e. believable - unlike a James Bond type tale).  The characters are complex, there are no gaping holes in the plot or discontinuity in the characters,  and a nice small number of sub-plots to break up the main story-line.  Let me emphasize the believability aspect... the lingo that's used,  the spy-craft described... they all make sense as Le Carre unfolds the character's actions and explains the reasoning deftly and subtly without turning the prose into textbook style.  Just some of the small details of what the people did, for example in a tense scene where a character is trying to sneak into a room in the Circus headquarters to photograph documents... the office is deathly quite although many people are in,  so the character doesn't sneak in, but just opens the door and shuts it behind him normally, because as Le Carre brilliantly lays out, a door slamming shut is less conspicuous in a quiet populated office than if it were very carefully opened (giving away that someone is trying to sneak in somewhere).  The book is filled with small details like that which make the read fun.  He also makes the characters very human, and mixes in a fair amount of mundane tasks and actions so that the story never feels like a dime-store hack spy novel.  It's moral and political sense is black and white sometimes, but gray most of the time as Le Carre takes the reader on a mystifying, twisting, illuminating journey into the world of British intelligence.  I don't think I'll be reading another cold-war spy novel anytime soon... but when I do it will have to measure up to this, and it won't be easy.  Maybe I'll pick up the others in Le Carre's trilogy in a few months after I've gotten up the nerve to devote another week to being lost in a book.  Buy the book, it won't disappoint unless you have a short attention span.  I really can't wait to see the movie now.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Its very addicting!!  I wish it would say when there were no more possible moves. But I do enjoy playing it!!  Great free app.
B0064TVQ5E|4.0|l really like the game.  More levels would be good.  I sure am glad I am not the only one it crashes on.  When is someone going to fix it?  The crashes are really the only bad thing about this game.
B00006JL1Z|5.0|With my new car stereo, I really hear whether a recording was engineered well. Half the older albums/CDs I own just sound so-so. This one sounds good.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is an extremely addictive game. I recommend it to anyone. It can get very hard on the later levels.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|not a real addicting game but fun to play for something different or to pass the time. no issues with performance.
0374275637|5.0|Thinking Fast and Slow is a descriptive account of how the mind processes information and comes to conclusions.  Kahneman is a nobelaureate in economics, though his background is behavioural psychology.  He shows through carefully described experiments how our biases manifest themselves and convincingly shows that it is impossible for humans to process information rationally at all times.  The book is split into 5 sections - Two systems, a first description of the two kinds of thinking that guide us; Heuristics and Biases, a general overview of inherent biases and rules of thumbs we instinctively use incorrectly; Overconfidence, our ability to narrowly frame subjects at the expense of the worlds greater intricacy; Choices, how our choices are directly affected by framing, initial position and propensity for risk vs loss aversion; Two Selves, which is an overview of all that is covered.  I highly recommend reading the book to remind ourselves that we all have our biases and use associative reasoning by default and deductive reasoning only by forced effort.  The author starts the book by describing a general framework for thinking about how we process information.  In particular the author describes our thought process as being defined by two systems - System 1 is our instinctual thought process.  It processes information subconsiously and with high speed.  System 2 is our conscious slower and more deliberate mind.  It is able to deduce and calculate for us and can reason assumptions to form conclusions.  It takes more effort and takes much longer to process information with this system.  With this framework, the author asks the reader a series of questions and asks for the honest and instinctual answers to show how and where System 1 is error prone.  We are all a different mix of deliberate as well as instinctual thinking and throughout the course of the book I have no doubt that every reader will be caught by at least one heuristic mistake.  The result of this interactive form of writing is a deeper appreciation of our individual intrinsic biases (as I assume each reader is biased by various factors in differing magnitudes).  After the framework for analysis is developed the author's core of the book are chapters on the kinds of \\"mistakes\\" we make.  The first is on the heuristics we employ and the biases we can get influenced by, to give a flavor he discusses, overconfidence in small sample pools, anchoring and mean reversion among others.  The author then tackles overconfidence and how simple rules tend to be more predictive than complicated narrative based predictions.  The author introduces basic ideas from Bayesian probability to show how we misuse conditional expectation.  He discusses how it is hard to take a step back from yourself and try to take an outsiders view of your actions vs just focusing on the natural insiders view that comes more naturally.  The author finally tackles a strong pillar of modern economics, utility theory.  He shows how utility often fails to describe our behaviour as our actual utility is a function of our initial endowment.  In particular our decisions match utilitarian conclusions when we are deciding between two positive outcomes, but is the opposite often between to bad outcomes.  Our desire to gamble when we have something to lose is an intuitive but irrational response and shown to be a function of framing and endowment.  This kind of contradictory behaviour is studied with carefully reasoned examples.  The last major topic the author discusses is memory and how we have two selves.  If people watch ted.com this part of the book is very similar to the author's talk.  In particular the author discusses how the experiencing self has occasionally diverging interests from the remembering self.  To give more background, the author introduces the idea that when one remembers something, the end has a very strong impact; in particular the author believes that when remembering the experience is predominantly an average of two variables, the average aggregate experience and the end.  The result of this is a short great experience that ends well is more valuable to the remembering self than a long great experience that has a bad ending (despite the experiencing self getting more positive moments out of the latter than the former).  The author leaves the conclusions of this up to the reader to think about.  Thinking Fast and Slow is a great guide to behavioural economics.  Much of the book has similar material in behavioural finance books published over the last decade, but Kahneman (one of the pioneers in the field) puts it together in a complete way.  It is hard to come through at the end without at least having learned something about oneself.  The book definitely has examples which most readers would question whether the conclusion draws naturally from the example.  I know from my perspective some of the side by side experiments who were supposed to be equivalent were very much not in my opinion (ie an experiment asking how much you would pay for an antidote to a probably deadly virus vs how much would you expect to recieve to join a probably deadly science experiment- with those numbers being different implying we arent comparing the situations rationally).  But this is part of why its so interesting as how one qualifies ones own answers sheds light on our own thought process etc.  I highly recommend reading as by the end it is hard not to see how we fall into many a mental trap and more importantly one is slightly better able to see yourself from outside yourself.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is not only easy to navigate, but it has added another layer of excitement to my devotions. My son also fell in love with the audio version of the Bible and the awesome background sounds that popped up periodically as he listened to the chapters. He is an avid reader, but last night he listened to 7 chapters (on his own, mind you - he was so engaged, he just kept hitting &quot;next chapter&quot;) in the old testament, all because he wanted me to show him the passage in the Bible where the donkey spoke!  Afterwards, he asked to include this app in his daily devotions and selected his own reading plan!
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Not bad.  The games are short, but ok.  For free, why not keep it around just to kill some time?
0062082353|1.0|Chris Kyle is the pentagon's latest \\"psyop\\" to make war seem cool for young kids. He went on Oreilly and told an outrageous lie that Jesse Ventura said \\"we deserved to lose a few guys\\". Seals dont say such things to other Seals. Kyle is totally delusional and is latest effort for a bunch of chickenhawks to feel good about killing 1 million iraqis. They have no problem lying about Pat Tillman and Jessica Lynch, Kyle is the latest lie coming out of the Pentagon. Nothing is glamorous about war, and Kyle's blantant lies about Ventura make him a coward as well along with killing innocent Iraqis trying to get foreign occupiers out of their land. Kyle is connected to mass murders Dick Cheney and Richard Perle. Which speaks enough about this disgrace to humanity
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a cool game. there are a lot of different games to play, and it's free! you should totally get this game. it works great on my kindle fire.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have several Bible apps between my apple products and my kindle fire this version is the easiest to use with the least amount of problems!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|This app really gives you full control over your computer, which is totally amazing, the only thing this app lacks is a screen lock.  So you don't accidentiley zoom in or out.
B005COO1X6|3.0|The beginning of the story got me going. I was excited. It seemed promising.<br /><br />Then...it turned to, \\"really? REALLY?\\" and when that plot line kept unfolding and repeating...I was a little boggled.<br /><br />I can't decide if I liked or hated the ending...it was corny but it was kind of righteous for the main character, so...<br /><br />This is a \\"monster\\" story. But King has done better monsters before. Still, this is a singlet. So I'm going to give it three stars with that in mind. Do I regret paying for it? No. It killed the time and did keep me entertained. The characters were good, I was on the edge of my seat, I did the whole, \\"No! No! Not him! Don't go over there! Don't do that!\\" thing you do with horror stories when you know what's going to happen. But the monster was just so corny I have to give it three stars instead of four for that.<br /><br />With all that said...I did learn one lesson: listen to the kids, for heaven's sake!
1439102732|4.0|I'm an ardent fan of Jodi Picoult. She takes on difficult social issues and personalizes each in such a way that I better understand the turmoil or emotional experience. I found the gay issue very hard to deal with, as I am a Christian and do not understand the lifestyle. Jodi Picoult opened my eyes to the many facets of those living in the Lesbian lifestyle--helped me to better understand their hurts, feelings, difficulties. In some parts of the book the Christian viewpoint was presented in a way with which I agree--compassionate, loving unconditionally, caring about the person; not agreeing with the lifestyle, but caring about the person. In other places the more radical members of those claiming to be Christian were expressed--to my thinking, more so than those of the true Christian. I was left somewhat disturbed at the ending as it appeared that two who claimed to be \\"reborn\\" Christians, Liddy and Max, yielded to their own temptations and desires, which made their beliefs a sham. If that was what Ms. Picoult was trying to portray, I am disappointed.   Ms. Picoult is very intuitive and seems to truly put herself in the place of people struggling in and with very difficult human situations.
B005ZUR724|5.0|This game had an update issue but now that its fixed I would have to say its truly an amazing game to have on a portable device.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this game since there are so many other games on it so it can help you a lot
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I almost never do reviews, but this app is pretty amazing!! especially loved the options to interact with the moon and see when sunset sunrise will be. this is like the.weather channel... but for the moon.
1594744475|5.0|This book isn't for me, but I paged through it. I have to say it looks great! The pages are high quality with great photography of the recipes throughout. It's very colorful and well done.
B006NXIO0Q|1.0|Bad acting, awful fight scenes, unrealistic special effects, horrible plot line with no real character development... I could go on, but it would force me to only reflect on a time well wasted.  I do like the Johnny Cash song at the end though.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|nice game I like it, I only don't like a few of the games! overall it is a blast, u should totally get it!!! :D
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I think this is a great deal. although you think the games look like they are for little kids they can still be hard to win
B005OLF6BI|5.0|My Daughter love,love,loved this she has watched it at least 20 times. it came in perfect condition and very quick!!!!!
B005OCFGTO|1.0|I was so excited to finally get my Harry Potter 8 movie boxed set! When I opened the case the movies were in the wrong order which struck me as odd. I said \\"Oh well\\" and popped in the first DVD, first of the series, not first in the case. I noticed quite quickly that the picture was a bit grainy and the audio seemed very low (even with surround sound). I them started to notice that the movie was \\"jumpy\\", seemed like it was trying to pause for a nanosecond. I thought if it was just one movie I would deal with it... 4 movies in and I was having the exact same issues with all of them. I then realized that the disks seemed mismatched; some had special features OR previews, others did not. During The Order of the Phoenix the chapters would repeat themselves numerous times and at odd moments. I gave up and took it out to start the next one!It is my opinion (having viewed numerous of them) that these disks are bootlegged or reproduced. I am so disappointed that I have to return them and wait for the refund to buy a DVD boxed set that works! Do not buy the boxed set here... you will be very disappointed!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|do these people seriously think they're werewolves?  if so,  please seek mental help immediately!  so sad! awesome app though :-) runs awesome on my kindle fire, and its really useful if you're a nerd, like me, ha.
B0063GORYU|2.0|The game is good, but ads pop up during game and takes over the entire screen.  I'm want to play the game, not watch a video.
B003Y5H5FG|5.0|ok first off i want to say jerry (colin farrell) just playing the vampire alone makes this film a MUST SEE hes creepy mysterious quiet and attractive. i seen the original fright night and this 2011 version is  THE BEST!!!! :) it beats the old version. my fav character in this was jerry and vincent was ok too. he was funny. the movie also had several neat effects. those of which i wont share because i dont want to let any cats out of the bag :) theres blood humor action suspense and some \\"romance\\" if u want to call it that even though jerry was really only using amy.  this movie is a must see and if you cant buy it... rent it!!!! :) its really good!!! worth 5 stars. and more.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this Bible. I have it on my kindle and my phone. Because of this app I always have a Bible handy.  I like the daily reading plans, the search capabilities, that you can compare different versions, and the way you can share your notes.  I recommend this app to anyone looking for a Bible app.
B00005214X|5.0|This album has never been far from me for over 30 years!  An absolute classic that I always come back to.  A short & sweet review...A+ all around!!!
B00555X8OA|5.0|I was really impressed with Kahneman's book. I had already been familiar with Kahneman and Tversky's work in prospect theory and Richard Thaler's work. But there was so much here that I had not known about before.  This is the best book I have read in the last year and the only book I plan to reread.  Kahneman also covers the basics of behavioral economics (such as anchoring) very clearly. He describes how the experiments were done and in many cases you can walk through them yourselves and see how you would react.  One of the results I found most disturbing was the account of how we mis-remember pain. (This is fairly late in the book, you won't see it in the Kindle sample.)  In many cases we remember painful experiences as being less onerous than they were. This means a physician doing something like removing bandages or performing a colonoscopy may have to choose between what will give the patient the worst experience as he is experiencing it now, or the worst memories of it later. When ordinary subjects are polled, they usually choose the thing that would give them the least bad memories, which often means choosing to suffer more in real time. Nobody, I think, knows what is really the best approach in these cases.
B00479SVBU|5.0|IF YOU HAVE AN OLD CAR WITH AN OLD RADIO THAT YOU CAN'T USE AM MP3 PLAYER WITH, THIS IS THE ANSWER.  I HAVE MY MUSIC RECORDED ON A FLASH DRIVE.  NO PROBLEM - IT PLAYS GREAT WITH THE SOUNDFLY.  AT FIRST THE SOUND WASN'T GREAT, BUT BY ADJUSTING THE TREBLE UP A FEW NOTCHES AND THE BASS DOWN A FEW NOTCHES ON THE SOUND FLY, THE SOUND IS GREAT (JUST ADJUSTING THE BASS AND TREBLE ON THE CAR RADIO WAS NOT GOOD ENOUGH, IT HAD TO BE DONE ON THE SOUND FLY).  THE SOUND FLY HAS A SHUFFLE MODE, BUT THIS IS NOT GREAT - IT WILL PICK SOME OF THE SAME SONGS AND REPLAY THEM FREQUENTLY.  THE SHUFFLE MODE IS THE ONLY NEGATIVE THAT I HAVE FOUND.
0062112430|4.0|At first I liked the idea of love being a disease, how it can infect, it's symptoms, and how the world is when human is no longer capable to love.  Of course, Leno would find love.  It is also very easy to guess who Alex is (well, the general idea of who he is).  The love part is wonderful.  The violence, not so much.  To me, human on human violence is so much worse than any paranormal romance, etc could wield.  The ending made me feel like, here we go again, of course she has to end it like this, \\"Sort of spoiler here\\": she mentioned R & J for something.  I was unimpressed and a little upset at the hours I'd spent reading it.  Then I find out there will be a second book and I'm confused again.  I am not sure I will read the second book, I probably will for the sake of knowing what comes next even though I'll have to prepare myself I might not like it.  For beautiful writing, beautiful love story, not a dystopian, but a paranormal romance, I highly recommend \\"Beautiful Creatures\\" series.  Now that was beautiful, haunting, tragic, and I should stop here because you should really read them.  You need to all three books.  Some say that's all there is, some think there'll be more.  I could not find confirmation, but the ending of the last book is a thousand times more beautiful than this one.
1439102732|4.0|I really enjoyed this book...an interesting issue, with a twist that wasn't necessarily jaw-dropping in the way it's been in some other books that I've read of hers, but still a good one all the same. If you are a Jodi Picoult fan, I would definitely recommend checking this one out!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I have a Kindle Fire, and I do like this app a lot. Some of the games are more fun than others, but overall its a very good apps. :]
B005JLN9ZI|2.0|This CD did not contain the two bonus tracks??????  I don't get it.  I just want to listen to \\"The Motto\\".  This is why I bought this CD instead of downloading the mp3 files.  Ugh.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I absolutely love this game. I play it every single chance I get. I would recommend it for anybody who loves to play games.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The games are fun. It is kind of hard to acquire points to get to next levels. Still a good download.
B005K17RU0|4.0|it looks good on the kindle fire! displays accurately the weather. nice interface. it simply rocks!  minus 1 star for the ads.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Great app for playing swtor crew skills. Not sure the difference between this and the hd though. Great application for the price.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|As someone who found it far too easy to skip some Bible readings that were part of my daily devotions, having this app on my new Kindle eliminates my old excuse of not having my Bible handy.  How come we always know where our gadgets are but that's not the case when it comes to God's word?
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works well and is easy and fun to use.  would recommend for all ages, young and old.  love the price too!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this seems quite fun, I only give it four stars since the point system seems almost abusive. although the interface is very well made.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great fun games..looks great...plays great..sounds good ...I don' t really care for all the ads..trying to get you to sign up for stuff..hey but it is free! :)
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is easy to use, fun to play, and I love that you can customize it with different background colors. You can also change the backs of the cards.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I am a beginner with using technology for Bible reading and this ap was recommended to me. I have found it to be easy to use and very practical. I love the different translations and huge variety of reading plans. I think it would be a wonderful resource for anyone wanting to read or share God's Word! Thank you to anyone who worked on making this available.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|This is a very informative app!  For a fun effect, go to the Settings menu, and select &quot;Cheese Mode&quot; :)
B005HV6Y5W|3.0|Disagree? Write a review!<br />What if Stanley Kubrick's \\"2001\\" focused on a family in the 1950's. Oh, and what if Kubrick focused on human emotions, our sense of loss and the ambivalent relationship that some of us have with God?<br /><br />You'd have \\"The Tree of Life\\".<br /><br />Terence Malick's \\"The Tree of Life\\" will polarize viewers much like most of his other films; this long medatative film focuses on fate,faith, our place in the Universe and the struggle to the seemingly random nature of the universe. Malick is the Stanley Kubrick of his generation but focuses on human emotion rather than the detached style of Kubrick. His films compromise often stunning visuals with a narrative told primarily through those visuals and brief dramatic (and fragmented here) vingettes.<br /><br />Aside from Kubrick's film the one closest to this in terms of tone and structure is \\"The Fountain\\" directed by Darren Aronofsky. If you enjoyed \\"The Fountain\\" you might enjoy this film although this is even more fragmented.<br /><br />If you're looking for a film like, say, \\"October Sky\\", which tackles some of the same themes in a more conventional narrative, you won't find it here. The often fragmentary structure of the film may make this a challenge for some viewers.<br /><br />Told in a sometimes sprawling fashion covering from the creation and then jumping billions of years later to 1950's America in the midwest, the film follows O'Brien family (Brad Pitt, Jessica Chastain, Hunter McCracken, Laramie Eppler, Tye Sheridan)as they struggle with a later tragedy) and, then follows the grown up Jack as he struggles with the events of the past. It's a fascinating window into the past and the loss of innocence of these three boys.<br /><br />The Blu-ray looks positively stunning for the film and the photography of Jack Fisk is brilliant realized in the high def domain. Having said that, if you watch the DVD, it looks quite nice as well.<br /><br />Audio sounds brilliant with a great lossless 5.1 mix.<br /><br />Special features are a bit on the thin side with a short \\"making of\\" documentary that doesn't go very deep into Malick's intentions in making the film from its cosmic beginnings to it's 50's melodrama. We also get a theatrical trailer but that's it.<br /><br />I'd suggest renting this to see if it's your sort of movie. There's no doubt that Malick creates visually dazzling films with often daring narratives that fly in the face of conventional storytelling but that also means that he isn't for everyone.<br /><br />I enjoyed \\"The Tree of Life\\" but in contrast my wife couldn't stand it.making of\\" documentary that doesn't go very deep into Malick's intentions in making the film from its cosmic beginnings to it's 50's melodrama. We also get a theatrical trailer but that's it.  I'd suggest renting this to see if it's your sort of movie. There's no doubt that Malick creates visually dazzling films with often daring narratives that fly in the face of conventional storytelling but that also means that he isn't for everyone.   I enjoyed \\"The Tree of Life\\" but in contrast my wife couldn't stand it.
B0067Q42BY|4.0|Very enjoyable. Have not gotten to really tough levels yet.  Hard to put down for now.  Not crazy about story and graphics.
B004QK5N5W|1.0|I purchased the Apple AV adapter so I could display my iPhone 4S screen on my HDTV.  It did not work.  The TV just displayed a black screen and the phone displayed a message saying this accessory is not compatible.  I called Apple customer support and they were unable to rectify the problem.  I tried the adapter with two TVs, a Samsung 2011 LED model and a Pioneer 2006 plasma.  Same result on both.  I know the TV was not the problem because my Samsung can display information on any incoming signal, and for this it showed no signal at all.  Both Amazon and Apple were easy to deal with, but I was very disappointed that an almost $40 cable did not work as advertised.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Games are fun when there is nothing to do! Some dull but oh well, they help to pass the time. My hubby likes them too! Fun!!
B003TJR2HS|5.0|I needed this adapter to allow my iPhone 4S with a Speck Candy Shell case to work with my car integration dock.  The phone wouldn't plug into the dock due to the case.  But this adapter plugs into the phone with the case on, and gave me enough extension to get it to work with the dock.  It works well.  I have been using it almost daily for about 3 months.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|Sure, 117 minigames for free is cool. But being required to do well in certain games in order to earn points to unlock more games is kinds silly...especially when both the games you need to play to get points and the games you unlock with those points suck. Seriously, every game I played failed to be fun.  But fear not. If you'd rather skip to the later games without earning the needed points, you can!...by spending money on points.  Trust me, skip this one over.
B004EPYZXU|1.0|Astronauts go to the Moon.<br />Astronauts find Soviet landing craft.<br />Astronauts are overcome by space alien spiders.<br />Astronauts are not allowed back to Earth because they are contaminated.<br />Everyone dies.<br /><br />In all this stupidness, just who collects all the video footage that most likely blew up with the landing craft hit the orbiting space craft?<br />All these handheld cameras and their footage would have been blown up. For the sake of argument. Lets say the didn't blow up. Anyone sent to collect them would have been contaminated as well.<br /><br />Thanks for a waste of 86 minutes of my life I'll never get back.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|game good for free game tragic good fun little games darts hard to win at least for me ok ok look. ok
B00447G29S|5.0|We upgraded to this 3D version of Polar Express this Christmas,and it was worth it.  The 3D effects are stunning at times.  The accompanying special features, detailing the motion capture process used in creating the film were impressive and entertaining.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This is a cool, easy to use clock/alarm. The spin wheels make it fun and easy to set the time.
B006BXU2WQ|5.0|I'm not going to get into the debate.  Everyone has their opinion and mine is I like the dubstep collaboration. Korn songs have always been hit or miss with me. Some songs I love and some songs I listen to once and never again.  This album is no exception.  What I really came to say is this: I saw amazon had a special edition with two extra tracks.  I sampled the tracks and I didn't particularly care for them so I opted for the cheaper \\"non\\" special edition.  Much to my surprise, I found all the songs had their explicit lyrics blanked out.  All the tracks on the non-special edition version are essentially radio-safe edits.  Not that I mind not hearing the curses, it urks me that it isn't how Kron intended for it to sound, and there was nothing indicating in the amazon description that these tracks were edited, other than the *lack* of an explicit tag.  Maybe this is common knowledge, but I really just wanted to let people know.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|This app has way to many adds some games were ok though!  I would not recommend this to a friend!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a good game but some games are to hard to understand. it comes with 50,000 points already, which is good.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|passes time but weird ads and you have to earn points? Bizarre....it's not a &quot;full&quot; game where you have the option to advance levels......goofy.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|stupid. I don't get how it can get the number 1 free game! ITS STUPID AS CRAP!!!!!!! Don't even waste ur time on this game.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Have it on my kindle fire and I love it! Plus fulll video streaming, fantastic its like having a portable Pc, for me that is awesome!. Super app!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Its not the best game, but it is better than most apps set up this way. Its free so what do you have to lose.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use it with android, WP7, and Windows 7 devices. I always have my notes with. I would be lost without it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this mobile app is very great in selection and I think you should play this if you like variaties thank you.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a great little game especially while you are waiting. i like that you can just tap on the cards for help.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a very fun game with multiple classic, fun, and easy games to play. this app works perfect for the fire
B005DKLPF6|4.0|Mastodon have lasted a few years now and have a recorded output large enough now that's allowed fans to have divisive opinions. There are those who prefer the earlier brazen power of when they were a standard bearer for the hottest new genre in metal music. There's some who really get behind the conceptual aspirations of their most famous albums and others who could give less of a damn about metal altogether and fell head over shoulders for the progressive ambitions of2009's Crack the Skye. Also known as the album that brought them to an even bigger audience and split opinion even further. Were Mastodon becoming overly pretentious, luring in new audiences and indulging lofty ideas at the expense of crafting memorable riffs?<br /><br />Personally speaking I've liked every undertaking of theirs, at the risk of sounding like an apologist for the band, for which I'm certainly not. I recognize that by now a band of this caliber should have had a misstep or two. What's curious about their latest effort is that it almost sounds pre-calculated to satiate the group of fans who didn't go crazy for \\"Skye\\" yet this doesn't sound like a forced set of songs at all. The songs follow more rigid structures than ever before and still retain all the things that make this band any good in the first place. That is, impeccable dual guitar riffing that plays on the very best classical thrash templates, drumming that's tight as a vacuum seal and generally memorable lyrical themes. What's hard to deny is the increased accessibility with the repeated chorus refrains and emphasized vocals. It's interesting that \\"Skye\\" was their most successful album to date but featured their longest and most progressive songs. Is it that they're no longer interested in continuing that style or is this batch of songs, free of overarching concepts and dare I say, even a compelling flow, more pleasing to play as both musicians and to a crowd that at the end of the day they want to unify as much as humanly possible?<br /><br />In short, the music here kicks ass, plain and simple. There's absolutely nothing here as cerebral or exciting as their best works, but after many listens I've not once gone into this album approaching it it's the very best Mastodon can do. On that front, they've succeeded wildly in presenting a good number of songs that showcase just about everything they can do without expectations weighing them down.hort, the music here kicks ass, plain and simple. There's absolutely nothing here as cerebral or exciting as their best works, but after many listens I've not once gone into this album approaching it it's the very best Mastodon can do. On that front, they've succeeded wildly in presenting a good number of songs that showcase just about everything they can do without expectations weighing them down.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game can be challenging but the game has a lot of perks. The games do not disappoint. and I would pay money for the game
B005ZUR724|5.0|I have played many mmo,s... I played WoW and Atm a little SWTOR. this game is for small portable device
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like it a Loy because it has so many games plus sixtheen and pie abbe are adorable giant glitter id rsd
B0006J28KU|5.0|I did not get it yet,,,, so far I still waiting.................................................?<br />One of the greatest Michael Mann Movies,, Hard to beat so far !!!!!
B005GVF95O|3.0|I downloaded this for those delays in doctors' offices, waiting in line, or being stuck in traffic, all those high stress areas where my youngest tends to get bored and needs something to do.  On the plus side, the puzzles are really cute.  You get 14 different puzzles and they're simple enough for a toddler to put together with bright and colorful pieces that made her want to play with it.  The animals are all common enough that she knew what she was trying to build.<br /><br />On the negative side, they are extremely easy and, as she learned with the octopus puzzle, all the child has to do is basically just move the piece around if they get stuck and it will eventually just jump in place.  The other negative is it's just a puzzle.  No sound effects, no talking, just putting together a puzzle.  It would have been really cute to, at the completion of the puzzle, have the animal make a noise, or tell what it was.  The other negative I had was the installation of an icon on the bottom right that keeps opening a webpage to get you to purchase more games.  Even my app killer wouldn't get rid of that.  I had to go into settings to finally get that off.  The last con is that there's only the 14 puzzles.  Since they're all fairly simple and quick, my 3 year old was finished with all 14 within 10 minutes.<br /><br />All in all it is a cute app, but don't expect a lot from it.  I'm not sure if it's worth the price, I downloaded when it was the FAOTD, and with the quickness and lack of features, I'm not sure I would pay for it.
0802473156|5.0|For any couple looking to get closer or just have some laughs while learning more about each other this book is wonderful. My fiance and I enjoyed reading it together. Thanks! I recieved the book fast and in perfect condition.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Really like the details and options. Also like the cheese option! very funny and teasing kids about it brings out a lot laughs!
B0015DROBO|2.0|I really hate to leave such a low-starred rating for a book, but oh, dear. I bought the Kindle version and when I saw that family tree at the beginning, my heart sank. When books need organization charts for the characters, it usually means there will be too many to keep track of, hence the chart. But (and this is a technical issue) it was so tiny on my Kindle I couldn't read it no matter how fiddled with the display. In any event, I soldiered on. I was somewhat intrigued at the beginning, and I did find Lisbeth interesting.<br /><br />Sure enough, I lost track of all the characters mentioned, some who didn't matter to the plot and never appeared onstage. But all those pages and pages of pointless activity. It was like watching a surveillance video of people with very dull lives, interrupted by moments of violence, sex, and animal abuse. By the time I'd made my way to the revelation of the villain--whose personal history seemed kind of over the top to me--I didn't care. If one compares said villain with Buffalo Bill in The Silence of the Lambs, this guy is pretty mundane.<br /><br />But as to my title--wow, I've never read about people drinking so much coffee in my life! And I live in the Pacific Northwest where coffee is like mother's milk to some.<br /><br />Who knows, maybe the movie is better and moves faster, but reading the book was just a slog.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is a decent time waster. i can play while wsiting in line to pick kids up from school. ads are not too bothersome.
098478280X|5.0|It is this book's focus on the interview questions domain (which reviewing university material doesn't have) and the extensive coverage of the problem topics you will likely encounter (randomly googling for common interview questions gives you much less coverage) that are this book's main strengths.  In retrospect, preparing for interviews any other way seems naive and foolish.  I will definitely be recommending this book to friends on the hunt for a new job.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is so much fun so many options and it can be addictive I play every chance I get.
014241493X|5.0|And once again, John Green brings his obvious delight for the written word to life in the form of this wondrous story, bringing together poetry and pranks, love and a land whale, all under the curious title 'Paper Towns.'<br /><br />And once again, John Green impresses with the characters he brings to life in these pages: Quentin and Margo and Ben and Radar and Lacey and more. Like in his other novels, the characters of 'Paper Towns' feel both like teenagers I've known and the kind of kids I only wish I knew. They have depth and breadth and heart and soul, sometimes they're funny and clever and sometimes they're stupid and frustrating...but they're always real. 'Paper Towns' is about the question of identity in part, whether you can truly come to know someone else, and only with characters like this can such a story come to life.<br /><br />And once again, John Green invites us with him on this journey, the unexpected adventure Margo takes Quentin on as she exacts revenge, and the even more unexpected mystery of her disappearance. Quentin, long-enamored of Margo, searches everywhere from the hidden places of his bedroom to the depths of an abandoned minimall to the open road, through the words of Walt Whitman's \\"Song of Myself\\" to the songs of Woody Guthrie. Quentin's search for Margo opens his eyes to facets of her that he never knew, and facets of himself that he is just getting to know. His best friends, Ben and Radar, share some of this journey, but they're also on journeys of their own, as is Margo's friend Lacey, all headed toward graduation, and the future.<br /><br />And once again, John Green amazes me. 'Paper Towns' is a book that can be read in a day, pages falling away like water, and that would be a day well-spent. It's a story about the mystery of place, and the mystery of self, and how the two are intertwined.<br /><br />It is not just a book to be read. It is a book to be discovered.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|whet I have played so far seems pretty decent, some games are a little. slow on movement but you will have that with other apps too
B005WM6RUS|5.0|Sarah's Key was written by Tatiana de Rosnay. Sarah's Key is a story about a journalist called Julia who is researching about the Vel'd' Hiv round up that took place in Paris, France on June 16, 1942, during the World War II/ While Julia is doing the research she ends up learning about Sarah who was little when her and her parents got send to a concentration camp. Julia ends up knowing more about Sarah's past than Sarah's own son, William.    Julia is a newspaper editor for an American magazine in France. She was born in Boston, Massachusetts but since young she had an obsession with Paris that makes her move there. In Paris she meets her husband, Bertrand, and haves a daughter name Zoe who is thirteen. Well sixty years ago Sarah and her family were captured and sent to concentration camps by the own Parisian police. Sarah was only twelve when she was sent to the Beaune- la - Rolande a camp in the outskirts of Paris.   When Sarah and her family were rounded up she desperately hid her little brother Michel in the cupboard and locked him promising to come back to get him. Sarah then finds out she isn't going back and anxiously starts fighting to escape back to her brother. With her mother and father already sent to Germany, her and Rachael, a friend she made at camp, and the help of a police man that worked near her house they are able to successfully escape camp. Once out they encounter with an old couple who helps them but unfortunately Rachael dies of fever and when she gets back to Paris what she finds in the cupboard scars her for life and makes happiness seem impossible because she believes she is guilty for her brother's death. In the other hand Julia, sixty years after Sarah, in her job is told to do some research in which she got so into it that puts in jeopardy her marriage specially when she finds out she is pregnant after trying for thirteen years but her husband, Bertrand, doesn't want the baby so they end up separating. Julia then starts finding even more about Sarah than she ever imagined that takes her to New York, Italy, and back to France in which she learns that her father-in-law was present in the awful moment that Sarah opened the cupboard which changes his and his father's life for good and believes she has to make Sarah know that the Tezacs still care and remember her. She ends up knowing more than William ever knew about his mother.     Sarah's Key is a book that will make you feel never before felt emotions before with a book. This book will change the way you view life. It's a very good book and I recommend everybody to read it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its a good app. I liked it a lot I wish it was a little more hard. you should get it then play it.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This book is a brilliant representation of a psychological outlook on humanity and  a story of evolution in the harsh life of a confused teenage girl into a person of integrity and substance. A breathtaking finish to an absolutely golden Saga. I picked up the series. MockingJay is exquisitly unfolding and a great finish to a neigh perfedt and highly perceptive series
B003Y5H4Y8|4.0|It is hard to find a bad film played by Helen Mirren. \\"The debt\\" is no exception to this rule. The other actors are also excellent and I appreciated the lack of Manichaeism when confronting the dilemma of the Mossad people facing the chase of a Nazi military guilty of atrocious crimes. Highly entertaining!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is cool ya know just trying to get some free stuff. for this game that is it blab blah
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|this game works really well on kindle fire. real good game and very addicting.everyone should get this.I play it literally everyday.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so fun! i love it!! i think it is very fun! i like it alot!! my favorite part is the oil feild game!! it is very easy!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun little games. Nothing high tech or graphic intense, but a great little time pass.  Games would be great for kids or a great mindless game for an adult.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app.is.awesome I luv it very very much. there r tons of fun games to.play and u can earn points by winning achievements.
B0050XFY4O|5.0|The scenery was beautiful.  All the actors were beautiful.  Even the script turned out to be beautiful.  A strange story line, granted, but the script leads us so gently to the final relationship that you're not shocked or offended at all.  Just sit back and enjoy.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|nice that I can get it on any computer phone and get my notes anywhere just need app for Linux computer in software center
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|I have enjoyed reading Nicholas Spark's books over the years, but to date this is some of his best work. The first chapter was a little rough for me because I am so used to reading his books in hard cover, so the kindle was a new experience but once I fought through the first chapter, the book just sucked me in and I didn't put my kindle down for the next 2 days!!! Can't wait for the release of what i'm sure will be yet another great book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|an amazing variety of different challenging games all thrown into one. some are easier to get but other are harder that they keep you playing till you can pass it.
B006RUJST6|5.0|What a beautiful story of love, loss, and life. I am a book nerd and loved this book.  I especially enjoyed watching how the characters developed.  All the characters were easy to relate to and well developed.  Thank you for Kel, he is a wonderful little boy and he mirrors the joy of being a child, the abilty to make lemoms in to lemonade (sorry for the cliche), as well as a childs resilience.    Love that it made me laugh and cry (although dabbing my eyes with tissue at work was a bit embarrassing). It was an easy read that was enjoyable and unexpected.  Job well done!  P.S. I may have to look into those Avertt Brothers.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Just like playing with real cards. Like the ability to leave and come back and pick up where I left off.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun I really liked it a lot. its super fun. best free app out right now. trust me on this one GET IT
0060853972|4.0|This book is just witty and awesome! I cannot believe it took me this long to actually buy it and read it.
B003KK6GOQ|4.0|I was hesitant to buy this book - thinking it might be another airport romance type novel, but I plunged ahead and was so pleasantly surprised that I may just read it again.<br /><br />A sweet, rich tale set in the Channel Islands with characters that fit that perfect mould of small town quirk and heart. The story is written in the form of letters, and while it took awhile to sort out who was doing the writing, I immediately got a well-rounded picture of the main character, Juliet Ashton. She was an absolute delight, with her wit, sarcastic nature and her love of writing, she feels like a living breathing person, which made the book just that bit more enjoyable.<br /><br />The ending was a little too predictable for me but it is definitely the journey that counts with this lovely tale.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|best game I have gotten on my kindle yet it takes a lot of data but it is tottaly worth it for 117 games
B005CVWWJY|5.0|I will keep this review short before I geek out completely.   If you love the 80s and are generally pop culture obsessed,(the whedon references literally made me squeal with glee) and love your technology then this is the book for you. It's everything a geek like me could ever want in a book. It has its moments of 'oh dear, newbie writer here' but otherwise it is a roller coaster ride of fun and nostalgia.   If you're not really interested in pop culture or the 80s, or have never really understood 'fandom' then skip this, it will be too much of a geekfest for you.
B003PIUC02|5.0|One of the best shows around. Cutting edge, visually stunning, amazing cast, definetly it's like nothing you've ever seen before.  I'm watching this on a 106\\" Hi-def projector, the blu-ray transfer is stunning. Highly recommended.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised with the information provided. After downloading I wanted to look at the moon but clouds are in the way. Bummer!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This is the smoothest operating remote control application I've used yet. The overall suite of tools from the developer makes this an excellent solution
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great game. Must have. Can't stop playing. A must have game for iendthose quiet times or to compete with a friend to see who can finish faster.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the games are both and really fun and pretty challenging, and the whole app is free. what is there not to like?
B005GFPZYK|5.0|After reading this book, which I could not put down and read in 2 days, I felt like my service in the military was very bland.  My heart goes out to Chris and his family, knowing the sacrifices it takes to be in the military.  A true patriot!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love this game :) Screw what others say ^_^ Its fun! It passes time! I would recommend you get this if you are bored. there are so many games you can play!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i really like this app..there's so many games to play its nice to be able to change games without changing apps! the only downfall is how long it takes to earn points
B004MC8CA2|5.0|good collection of translations and a very easy to navigate Bible proper, which is the point after all. some of the additional features take more social networking than I really like to get into but that's about par tor my course.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I really. enjoy playing this game.You can easily play a quick. game while waiting for your appointment.  Be careful because it can be addictive.
B001S6Y0AQ|5.0|The album have been reissued many times from it's 1st release on Lp.This collection I feel is worth having as Dave is now 90 year old.The addition of unreleased live work + a DVD of him taking about the making of the original album with playing some solo exerts from it make for interesting listening.I've been a fan long before the Jazz Goes to College album which launched him to a wider public. This edition is a must for any Jazz collection.
B0061S073A|5.0|love this app! you can put whatever app's into this kids place and place a password on the exit. kids can play their games you approve and not get into or download other apps.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like that this app is not just one game it is 101  games in 1 plus 16 free and everyone will find games they like
B005VT42BS|5.0|I went looking for a pinger, and Fing came up.  The first time I ran it, I said \\"wow\\" aloud.  I wish I had this Fing on Windows.  Extremely fast, fantastic touch interface, and great tools (ping, scan, trace route, etc.).  Wonderful!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app with plenty of resources such as reading plans, highlighting, notes, etc. Works great with Kindle Fire!! Highly recommended.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this is one of the best games I have ever played!!!!!!!!!!! It's really, really,really, fun. I find this game really entertaining!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love this app - keeps me busy for hours! very nice how this app. is free also. I'm addicted to the wishing game!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love to play this addicting game!  Flawlessly constructed with great graphics.  I highly recommend this game to all adults and children as alike!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a very fun and simple version of Solitaire. It is prefect got beginners because of its simplicity. I also like that it doesn't have too many different versions to confuse new learners.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think that it is a fun game and it keeps me entertained.. It is nice that I can play so many games. I also think that it iseasy to earn coins.
0525423281|5.0|This is such a cute and fun book! I absolutely adored Stephanie Perkins' Anna and the French Kiss, so I pretty much had no doubts that I would feel the same about Lola and the Boy Next Door. The author does such a wonderful job of sucking you into the plot and making you really get into the dynamic characters. There are also several humorous moments and heartbreaking ones as well. This book has a mix of every emotion you could imagine!   I really enjoyed Lola's character. She's a very eccentric, funny and eclectic individual who, for the most part, knows what she wants and goes for it. For a decent portion of the book I really felt for Lola because she's so torn between what she really wants and what she THINKS she wants; which is an emotion I am definitely familiar with. She thinks she has it all-- with a hot older boyfriend who is the lead singer in a great band-- but then a boy from her past comes back into the picture and she begins to feel unsure about her feelings. Luckily Lola has a great best friend and family, and with their help she gets through it all.   The boy from Lola's past is Cricket Bell, who is the outrageously adorable boy next door, and Lola was in denial about her feelings for him for a while in this book. I really wanted to smack her several times because she was being so blind and naive about her obvious love for him. These two have such a natural and undeniable chemistry and Cricket is just so cute and sincere that it's almost heartbreaking. His loyalty to Lola is incredibly astounding and sweet.   As much as I am smitten with Cricket and Lola, one of my absolute favorite things about this book is the appearance of Anna and Etienne, from Anna and the French Kiss. I had heard that these two would show up in Lola and the Boy Next Door, but I had no idea that they would be as involved in the story as they ended up being. They popped up several times in the book and I was ecstatic!! I wish more authors would do things like this!   This book hasit all: first loves, family drama, a lot of laughs, cute boys, endearing characters, and a very truthful account of what it's like to be a teenager. I recommend this book to everyone, because I guarantee that it will leave you feeling giddy!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun games, perfect for my 5 year old. Interesting variety and styles of play. Glad this was a free app.
B005K17RU0|4.0|a handy app for anyone who needs to keep tabs on the conditions, especially while traveling. I enjoy the ease of use and easy to read display.
1582701709|1.0|This is a book about nothing but there aren't any laughs to be had.  The joke is on you for having succumbed.  There are a couple of good paragraphs in the book, contributed by other authors.  They ought to be reading this book at Harvard Business School to work out how the author managed to publish this book and sequels with essentially no substance.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|This is a great app but it wont allow my longitude to have a - sign. So its finding the incorrect location. Please fix this, I love this app and want to see MY moon!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its a fun app with many entertaining games.my personal favorites are mair hockey and one were you bounce the soccer ball in the air.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Great way to pass the time at the doctor's office. It is simple to play and easy to learn. Highly recommended
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love it but I can not figure out how to do the susih one...... of the spaceship please help .
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I L.....O.......V.......E love love love love love this game it is the best app ever and it was free how much better can it get.......... oh I know if they make a second one ....I would so get it!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|ivthink Hrh tutu yhgfpvy gtfgny ttefjj igrjjvf ttvhyu Hutu yyvyn ygfch ghdfnk thmygf ht ytgjh ht j yvb hvhnbvy ht ty y huugv yuvv gycfjg tpudgjjcytu uiiyyg ygguy jtgytju yyiujinji ugh
1423140591|3.0|The Son of Neptune is the first Riordan book I struggled to read. Were I not already a big fan this book probably would have landed on the shelf without ever having been finished.  That said, KEEP READING the last quarter of the book finds the author hitting his usual stride and the story coming to life.  Made it well worth slogging through.  Brace yourself though...this is not a stand alone book.  You need to have read the Percy Jackson books as well as Book 1 of this series to make sense of the story...and it doesn't end it just pauses mid scene to await the next book. (My biggest pet peeve.)<br /><br />As an Alaskan though I had to grit my teeth and roll my eyes at the inaccurate descriptions of the scenes set here in Alaska. Though I still have the giggles about blue giants playing with moose as if they were toys. That would explain a lot.<br /><br />Over all I'm glad I read it and look forward to the next book if only so I know what happened at the end of THIS book.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a pretty good game considering its free. games are rather simple and can get repetive and boring after a few plays on each one. Luckily there a crap load of mini games. Games sometimes are too easy. Hey but for a free app its worth the download.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app for anyone looking to have the Bible on the go, contains a number of different Bible versions as well !
B0055SWM08|5.0|Chill, zen game. Great escape from real world chaos. Very intuitive. Filler space to reach min requirement, which is stupid.
0062082353|1.0|Or are you just friends of the author? This guy is not a sniper, he's just a hunter of poor people in poor countries. Wow, what a big man. Now he's training domestic police to hunt the poor people in the US. A disgrace is what this is.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app. I have a kindle and its so cool I don't even have to read it it would read to me. I even use it in church. I APPsolutely recamend this for anyone. I think it would make any one happy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it passes the time and some of the games are actually pretty fun. I see no problems...other than that sushi  game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is one of the best apps ive ever gotten and well worth the money go go go go g
B001MTENOC|4.0|For the longest time I've had a deep interest in reincarnation and the basis of what one could term as a soul, mostly based on the research of Sir Roger Penrose and doctor David Hammeroff. What this book gives you is potential ideas of what might be beyond the veil that lies both before and after the materialistic term we currently experience.  Now, most skeptics will probably cite the \\"memories\\" of the hypnotized individuals as mere fantasies made in a suggestible state, but the interesting thing is that the consistency in hypnotic regression that handles life between life memories is very consistent between hypnosis experts. What one hypnotist gets out of their subject is often very similar to what another might get out of his or her subjects, regardless of the continental distance between those two said hypnotists. So the question is: Is there a life between lives or is there global conspiracy of hypnotists to get us all to believe in the fantastical?  The book itself is a fun read, and regardless of religious affiliation should be entertaining and even have one truly think about the subject after consumption of the material.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun and all but I think that if your reading this that you should get the full version but its still realty fun
B0041KKYBA|5.0|The documentary INSIDE JOB is certainly worthy of an Academy Award. It is extremely well done and is a fascinating study on just how things can go horribly wrong even when everyone involved claims to be doing the right thing, while in fact their actions are riddled with deceit, dishonesty, selfishness, and, in many cases, arrogant ignorance.  It is a movie that every United States citizen should watch - several times - and try to learn from it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Amazingg this app is amazing and it challanges you get it now hays hays this app it a huge thumbs up
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this games truley 120 games and its free! I love it I cant wait to get more of these points
0061020710|4.0|I spent this weekend reading 5 of the discworld books.  I ordered this one along with The Light Fantastic in used paperbacks.  They were such good fun that I ordered 3 more on my kindle.  The paperbacks were delivered before they were due and were in good shape.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|Revisiting Avatar<br /><br />There were several important points and fascination with the three DVD edition of Avatar.  The director, James Cameron is interviewed and tells of his inspiration for the film, including the Amazon jungle, the dams that are being built there, the corporate encroachment across the Amazon Basin.  It's a full documentary and is quite an eye-opener.<br /><br />We're taken on a guided tour of the rainforest and meet the native peoples who are being slowly displaced by this encroachment.  The Amazon natives are represented in the movie as well.  \\"Dances with Wolves?\\"  Don't think so.<br /><br />Pandora is the metaphor for the Amazon rainforest.  Watch the movie and the beginning scenes we have strip-mining and (what some reviewers totally miss) has little to do with Marines.  These Marines were now mercenaries working for the company that is strip mining for minerals for Earth.<br /><br />I really enjoyed this film - it speaks well of the battle between corporate greed and the displacement of the environment and the people who depend upon it.  But it also is about a man who has a disability and is being called on to take over for what his brother was going to do, to transform himself.<br /><br />Cameron's film also shows this transformation and dependence on nature and the environment.<br /><br />The complete collector's edition has so much material.  I really liked the extended scenes.  The beginning with what Earth looks like at this time, our friend fighting in a bar with his wheelchair was great, and the big, bad corporation and what its goals and purposes are.<br /><br />Regardless of how you feel about the theatrical edition, do watch the collector's edition.  Much more to it, fills out the story and it's nothing to do with \\"Dances.\\"  I mean really now!
0446691437|5.0|Steven Pressfield nails it with this book. The themes are simular to Seth Godin's Linchpin but are far more enjoyably to me; I constantly had a smile while reading The War of Art. Reading the book made me feel like like \\"finally somebody who understands me\\".  While reading the book is a distraction from my work, it has given me a succinct idea to brand my own resistance with.    Some people may get preoccupied by Pressfield's belief in God and his use of angels to illustrate his points in some parts of the book, I didn't. Not being very religious myself, I just treated the use of God/angels as a metaphor, just like the main subject, \\"the resistance\\", is.
B0001HLVS2|5.0|Master and Commander<br /><br />Russell Crowe is Captain Jack Aubrey, who's been commissioned to capture or kill The Acheron, a French frigate that may take Napoleon's war to the Pacific.  The thing is, Capt. Jack is obsessed.<br /><br />We have various relationships occurring on board; we get to know the men as they fight against weather and against becalmed conditions and as well shrapnel from well-placed cannon fire from the Acheron.<br /><br />What makes the movie great is how the captain has to decide between his duty,  his ship and the men aboard, even if it means some have to die in order for the ship to be saved.  He does not take these lightly and it adds to the drama and suspense.  A man is caught on a mast as it crashes into the ocean.  Because of the storm conditions, the ship is anchored.  He has to cut the mast free but that will mean the death of the survivor in the water.  Tough decision.<br /><br />This movie is fairly realistic - an arm cut off from a 12 year old boy is especially hard to watch.  The doctor is a scientist as well and has a good relationship with the captain, though this is strained when the captain decides to break his promise to the doctor to explore the Galapagos Islands in favor of the chase for the frigate.<br /><br />If it were not for the year 1805 or the trappings of the time, I could easily see this story as a Star Trek episode, chasing the enemy despite everything for God and country.<br /><br />Favorite scenes include the realistic battles between frigate and the HMS Surprise, a chat about Lord Nelson and his demand for salt, and the clever French in how they disguise their captain which I thought was simply hilarious.  There's a lot of medical procedures too that are at times hard to watch!<br /><br />Bottom Line:  Russell Crowe makes a stern, calm yet determined sea captain - this is a must-see film.  It's visceral, the mood of the period is flawlessly captured, and you find yourself rooting for the British!  This film is based on the books by Patrick O'Brien.  Recommended.<br /><br />Check the Book:<br /><br />[[ASIN:0393325172 Master and Commander (Movie Tie-In Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:0393037029 Post Captain (Vol. Book 2)  (Aubrey/Maturin Novels)]]<br />[[ASIN:0393037037 H. M. S. Surprise (Vol. Book 3)  (Aubrey/Maturin Novels)]]he Book:  [[ASIN:0393325172 Master and Commander (Movie Tie-In Edition)]]  [[ASIN:0393037029 Post Captain (Vol. Book 2)  (Aubrey/Maturin Novels)]]  [[ASIN:0393037037 H. M. S. Surprise (Vol. Book 3)  (Aubrey/Maturin Novels)]]
B004T5R2HQ|2.0|I have the paid version and find it difficult and awkward to use. Adding OCR would make it 4 star.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|is a very fun game that is lots of fun and excitement.... is worth ur while and time... you should buy it
0061091480|4.0|Wayne's best book to help makes sense of it all. Best self help book out there.   Everything he does now spins off of this book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game u really should get this app for maximum fun on your kindle fire or other devices
1612130585|5.0|Ok, so I love Christian and want one for myself.   I loved Fifty Shades of Grey and Fifty Shades Darker is just as good, but in a different way.  The couple's relationship is solidified in this sequel, to the surprise of their family & friends, after jumping through numerous \\"hoops\\" and some drama to get there.    If you liked the 1st book you will enjoy this one, as well.  I won't go into detail about the storyline, but there is just as much drama, heat, and romance as you have come to expect from E.L. James (one of my new favorite authors).  And FYI, the 3rd book is coming out January 2012- yeah!  Book sequence:  1) Fifty Shades of Grey  2) Fifty Shades Darker  3) Fifty Shades Freed  Enjoy!
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Will they ever update this game for the android? Show a little love for the droid. At least put the zen garden in there so the game doesnt get old too fast
1612130283|5.0|I didn't quite know what I was getting into, other than reading a few of the favorable ratings, which gave me some hope I would enjoy Fifty Shades of Grey.   I was blown away by the powerful hold this book had on me, as I found myself reading it into the wee hours of the morning so I could finish it in one sitting-(leaving me 2 hrs before my alarm went off - UGH!).   Christian is an intense, jealous, alpha male (which I personally love), with a penchant for BDSM. After the couple's initial meeting, he shows up at Anastasia's workplace, and their relationship begins from there.  I won't narrate the whole story, because other reviewers already have and you can read the Amazon description for some background, as well.  There isn't a lot of BDSM content in the book, but there is a lot of sex, intense emotions, and just drama, in general.   As blurry-eyed as I was after finishing this book, I was still able to download the sequel \\"Fifty Shades Darker\\" ASAP before finally going to bed. Didn't even look at the price- didn't care.  Even though the kindle price tag may be a little higher than what you may be used to paying for an EBook, TOTALLY worth it!  This is one of those books that sticks with you well after you've finished it.  Oh, and FYI, there is a 3rd book coming out in January 2012. YEAH!  Book sequence:  1) Fifty Shades of Grey  2) Fifty Shades Darker  3) Fifty Shades Freed  Take the journey(s) with Christian and Ana and ENJOY. Happy reading!
0307593495|5.0|Although it is a terminally depressing book, Henning Mankell has done it again.  Suspense to the very end, and then it's still up to you.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've always loved me some solitaire! :D its so much fun and keeps me occupied during classes and what not lol
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I downloaded this app onto my Kindle Fire, started it up and it immediately displayed the closest wireless networks to me and I was able to identify the most congested channels around. I logged into my wireless router and switched to an unused channel and my Kindle Fire connectivity improved tremendously. My Roku connection which was listed as \\"poor\\" also shot up immediately to \\"excellent\\". Now my connections just fly and my wireless router no longer drops every few days the way it had been. I also walked through the house and discovered even more networks near to me that had been impacting my bandwidth. This is an excellent application and I wholeheartedly recommend it. You don't have to be a geek to use the app, btw. It's simple to use as it offers multiple graphical views which in turn makes it easy to understand the information displayed.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|some games hard to play on the fire. not crazy about having to play games to unlock others. l like a few of the games. not bad for free.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|I appreciated the honesty in the book.  Steve gave the author complete control and he delivered in a respectful but truthful biography.
B005R2S3VE|1.0|i was really excited at hearing a LIVE DVD of CHICAGO (the original line-up) was coming out and told as many people as possible. but that excitement was quickly dashed in the first few minutes of viewing. this is obviously (to me) a VHS-to-DVD product and a poor one at that. only a couple of hits are here and the rest are B-sides, at best. i think this product was meant to tease true Chicago fans who hunger for a DVD of the original line-up in concert. it's hard to imagine that the band, itself, had anything to do with this product. i cannot articulate how disappointing this dvd is!! if you have to have it DO NOT SPEND MORE THAN $5 FOR THIS DVD (including shipping)...even then, it's questionable that it's worth even that...
B005CMSDLE|1.0|With the actors it had, this movie should have been better than it was. I'm not even asking for great, just better. But it was a confused hash of a movie. What's with the different accents Cate Blanchett used?  She starts off sort of European, then ends up with someone's Hollywood idea of what a Southern woman sounds like. It's a testimony to how stupid the entire movie was that all that stands out in my mind are the honeyed, phony-Magnolia accents on two of the female stars. What a waste of my two hours.
B003VANOFY|2.0|The sound quality is great, I love the surround.  The problem is that if any video is playing on the screen, my outgoing audio skips and people can't understand me.  If video is not playing, people can hear me loud and clear.  This product does not work for me, so I am back to the cheaper Logitech model that people can hear me fine on.
0062082353|1.0|My view is \\"Kyle\\" In his recent actions defines his cowardice. Take a look folks; this is what USASOC is churning out at Ft. Bragg... Psychopaths... Professionals do not enjoy this work. Special Operators do what they are trained to do, protect our country. I am 95% sure the rest of the Special Operations community is disgusted by this individual. (Real)Operators past present and future do not sell out fellow brothers for personal gain whether it be true/false, Jesse Ventura, Joe Snuffy or Harry Grips. Keep in mind the apparatus that keeps this bottom feeder (Kyle) in his hide picking people off in Iraq. He breathes in the self aggrandizement given him by Orielly. You take this scumbag and drop him in Vietnam in the 60's you better send some huggies and a Real Man that understands the value of human life to save his ass. Iraq is poor the people are uneducated. Their military is a joke. You would be a fool to think you are some sort of a hero in such circumstances. Other military personnel that read this know the internal politics of the military. This individual's military resume' was being built from day one by someone other than himself. This is evident in his self aggrandizement. A \\"ribbon chaser\\" with a twist...this space cadet enjoys killing people? People need to dig into what other family connections he may have with the government. True Special Operators are reluctant heroes. Their brothers know who and what they are and it dies with them. Look for this turkey to run for some political position in the future. More McCain nonsense, manufactured heroics. You would thing that this guy would just be thankful he survived a conflict with an enemy that is ill trained and keep his mouth shut, fade away.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|I have this set for my town, and then for Minneapolis, and the town where my kids live. I can get 36 hour and 10 day forecasts, and they're about as accurate as the weather forecasts - even with their billion dollar satellites - are ever going to get. Of course, I could just continue to use my PC and the Weather Channel tab, but I have a Kindle Fire, and I'm going to use it!<br /><br />Oh, the Minneapolis weather (which I could easily change to Fargo), just makes me happy that I'm living in California. My grand daughter was born in Minne on a day when it reached -34, and I WAS THERE. Now they're here and everyone is happy, but I'm the happiest 'cause I never have to see a -34 day again, EVER!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game on my Kindle Fire. It very easy to move around the screen. I am hooked to say the least!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is truly a great deal of fun-especially since it's free. guaranteed to provide endless hours of enjoyment. definitley a game I would suggest to download.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|I downloaded the app on my Toshiba Thrive tablet and it wont open. Please fix the issue. It is a fun game if it would actually open so I don't have to borrow my friends Ipad to play it.
1844256383|5.0|By way of background: I have played the saxophone for 32 years, and I earned a bachelor's degree in music with sax as my instrument of choice.  Having gone in another direction (science) professionally for the day job, I am a skilled \\"weekend warrior\\" who earns thousands a year playing the majority of Saturday evenings, but do not consider myself anything like a recording artist.  Despite a long history of playing the sax, I have always just taken it to my tech when anything but the slightest issue went wrong.  Therefore, I had always wanted to learn more about the \\"guts\\" of the sax and its mechanistic operation, if nothing else to save a few bucks (or should I say \\"quid\\"?) on more mundane fixes or even diagnostics if something is clanking or some notes sound stuffy.  Select portions of this book, especially the parts about lubrication (such as the very best oil to use) and checking for and tweaking regulation of the keywork-- nails it for me!    This book is clearly written to span the entire range of expertise with the saxophone, from the prospective first-time buyer of a sax, to the technically proficient handyman that is on the verge of giving a go to stripping and rebuilding a sax (that does not have any mechanical/structural damage).  Therefore, the first two or three chapters were of little use to me, but so what?  At $23 or so from this site, the \\"sweet spot\\" chapters that meet me where I'm at as a handy-man (not terribly proficient) and the final chapters with guidance on more ambitious interventions should I get brave down the road) make it a worthwhile purchase.  In sum, the book has great, to-the-point, myth-busting writing, excellent studio-quality photography, and ample diagrams of key concepts and parts.  This manual IMO has something to offer pretty much any player who is not already comprehensively repairing his or her own axes.  It will meet every one else where they are.  Previous reviewers who knock this tome for being too rudimentary miss its intention IMO, and are probably at the expertise level where they should be obtaining materials and training in full-blown sax tech.    Despite how it is likely that moderately experienced players may not need much of the introductory material, and how it is likely that many players like me will not go so far as to replace and seat pads, the value of the comprehensive span of material for the price, coupled with high production quality of the book earns it five stars.  I think the maintenance chapters alone make it worth purchase by parents of students who are really giving the sax a go past the initial trial period of a rental.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like to play it while I'm watching TV.  It keeps me busy without a lot of brain work. It's very easy to play.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|if you want this game don't update its addicting! I am writing this review to get free points! !! DOWNLOAD APP
B0054JZC6E|4.0|love the game... very challenging but fun:) hehehe 4 stars because it can run slow at times... def recommend though!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is a lot of fun. its gives you challenges to work your way to getting more games and having even more fun
B005URRCUY|5.0|Thank God the Black Keys didn't fall into the trap of simply re-writing old songs with new words and calling it a new album. I would have been bored with them long ago. Some bands find a catchy successful song structure and sound, and feel they have to use it for EVERY song. Case in point, Disturbed. I was a huge fan but they mostly recorded the same song over and over with no new ideas. Now they're finished and I don't care.<br /><br />I like the up tempo of this album and I like that they didn't use the low-fi scratchy garage sound. For me, that sound gets a bit irritating after a while. I was hoping for more of a hi-fi sound in an album and I like what they've done here. If there is one band that I could compare this album to it would be ZZ Top. A little bit rock, a little bit blues and a little bit pop. The old stuff was great but I also like the new stuff. It keeps me interested and keeps them from becoming stale.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I placed this with my brother and I cant stop playing it is so much fun I totally reccomend it!!
B0063IH60K|1.0|Ad pops up in browser every five minutes. Deleted my progress in the middle of me making a move. Not worth it being free. Uninstalled.
1451648537|2.0|The first half of this book is fairly interesting and well constructed, even if it gets some facts wrong, glosses over some very damning things (like just how bad the first Apple factory was), fails to question some of Jobs' assertions and could have been trimmed by 20%. Nevertheless, you get a good feel for the man.  The last half of the book is terrible. It feels rushed and poorly edited, with sections awkwardly stuck in with no sense of the timeline or context. At one point, I suddenly realized the book had gone back several years with only an ambiguous reference. At the two thirds mark, it became such an amateurish hack job that I had a hard time not tossing the book aside.  While other reviewers have complained about the references to the \\"reality distortion field\\" it was a critical part of understanding Jobs. I'd been hearing about it since the late 80s and in much more negative and cruel terms than the author references. Unfortunately, Isaacson seems to have gotten caught up in it. Once Jobs returns to Apple, Isaacson starts ceasing to be both objective and informative. I suspect that this is due, in part, that those that could give an objective counter view, such as Wozniak, Kawasaki and Hertzfeld, simply aren't present or Isaacson didn't bother talking to the strong personalities who were present. The result is increasingly a hagiography.  One thing that really disturbed me are the times Isaacson accepts at face value Jobs claims to have created an idea or invention even though it was known to have been invented by someone else. It is worrisome because Isaacson documents several instances when the actual provenance of an idea or invention is shown, yet he fails to follow through with some rather outlandish claims. This would have been valuable to both help set the record straight, but to also fully understand Jobs influence on these ideas and inventions, both positive and negative.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Thanks Amazon for putting this app up for free.  It works great and with my new Kindle Fire, it will save my back from carrying my heavy laptop all the time while I am going to classes.  Even if it weren't the free app for the day, I still would've gotten it because it is so useful and makes life easier.  Thanks again.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is an awesome app with a lot of games in it and it is cool and really amazing and stuff
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|While minimalist in design, this case doesn't feel cheap to me.  The rubberized texture provides needed protection. For what it's worth, it also looks pretty sharp.  Only reason that I won't give this 5 stars is the price -- $30 is a little steep for a simple case.  Also, I admit I haven't used the stand function much, but it seemed to work as expected in the couple of times I have.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I personally like the app a lot. It contains a variety of different games to choose from, and quite frankly, I find the app to be pleasantly addictive. My sole complaint with this app is that it has entirely too many ad interruptions.
B005BCE7II|5.0|Really cool 3D effects right from the beginning. Some of the scenes were like in the middle of TV and myself, like in theater which pleasantly surprised me. The fun in the movie is as good as first two parts.
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|This would be agreat app if it didn't close in the middle of your game!!!! :( Please fix it and I would would gladly pay for a working version.
B000009HF2|5.0|This as good now as it was when it was new. This CD just kicks ass!!  If you like Peter Frampton you have got to have this
1439190275|5.0|Purchased this book and the smaller Dr. Atkins'Carbohydrate Gram Counter edition and could not believe that when properly educated about the proper foods to be eating and those to be avoiding how easily this system works. I always worked out but was carrying 199 lbs. on my 5'8\\" frame. After 6 months I am now 160 lbs. & have received compliments from friends & family that I look 'cut' like a professional fighter/body builder. And I no longer am self-conscious about taking my shirt off at the beach,partys, etc. And this is at the age of 53 !
B0054JZC6E|3.0|the variety of games is great for my kids. the only negative is that the touch controls are a bit sluggish on some of the games. I cant tell if this was done on purpose to make the games more challenging but it's just kind or irritating
0307593312|5.0|Taking a short cut to avoid being late for an important appointment, Aomame, a young woman, discovers that she has somehow entered an alternate universe. Her special skills are called into play which, unknown to her, changes her life in ways she never expected.  And she notices 2 moons in the sky one night.  A young math teacher with ambitions to be a writer enters into a clandestine arrangement with a young girl, the author of a fantastical novel, and an editor, to rewrite her novel before it's submitted to the magazine for consideration for a new writer's competition. The novel takes the first prize and therein sets things in motion with the Little People.   And he notices 2 moons in the sky one night.  Told in 2 narratives, we follow the progress, adventures and trepidation of these 2 individuals as they try to understand this world they're in, where the unbelievable becomes believable, and where everything started with a dead blind goat.  Murakami's genius shines in this wonderfully gripping tale.
B005VT42BS|5.0|I have been using the pc version for years, back when it was loo@lan, this is just what I was looking for in a techie android app.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Many times a new artist bursts on the scene and receives accolades that are unwarranted because of the artist's uniqueness in a field that is dominated by sameness.  These new performers are placed on musical pedestals that make them hard to maintain their balance and find themselves soon falling from that position because of critics' and fans' quickly changing tastes.<br /><br />That should not happen to Adele because not only is see fresh, she has the pipes and the songwriting skills to endure a lengthy and profitable career as a star in music.<br /><br />\\"21\\" is like Carol King's \\"Tapestry,\\" an album that showcases a singer's voice and exemplary songwriting skills for not only does Adele demonstrate her distinctively soulful voice but co-wrote each of the disc's 11 songs.<br /><br />To single out any songs as standouts is not fair to those omitted; thus, all of the songs are recommended listening for they show the diversity of Adele, a singer who can punch out a rocker with the same ease that she does a plaintive ballad.<br /><br />On Grammy night in February, there will be no surprise when the English lass takes home a boatload of awards.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great way to pass the time!  I can 't put it down!  Late for church right now:O)  Must get in the shower!
B00006EXDM|5.0|I bought this for my boyfriend for Christmas and he loves it.  Has all the songs on it that he wanted.  Recommended.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good app, but kinda difficult games. Wish you knew what the games were about before you buy them. :) Good for passing time!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is fun when u have nothing else to do... most of the games are fun in a way
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|the imagery is breathtaking!  I have this app on my ipod touch but am blown away by the beauty on my kindle fire.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Such a relaxing game to play! Easy loading and access!  Fun for all who play! Highly recommend if you're a solitaire lover!@
B0058VW36U|5.0|so iddicting and fun on fire. full of fun levels and sections awesome! it has many levels that are super fun
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app gives you so many games to play, amazing that its free! everyone needs to give this app a try.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This app really does what it says!  It defaults to a lower screen resolution on my pc, but can be set to max again, and returns to previous res when it exits.  Fancy programming!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so awesome mgffhhdgfrhcdgxrgxrdjydvureyfdf hvhbxy vfuhc hvguvguh vhvyjhgu hvfguhcugu ggcbvjvc gunfgj uvgjhcgh vghxrhbcg vgdhhxfuv. gfyucdybcthgdyuc gftuhfghfh yfduxufhdyhv hchjvdybdv hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi ho hi hi hi
B0055SWM08|5.0|.,, . . . . n n n n .,nnxnzn n n . . . . . .....  ........  ......  ..
B0054JZC6E|2.0|it could be better if it had more games and you didn't have to unlock it. it would be much simpler and fun.
B001UV4XJ2|4.0|[[VIDEOID:moQ7TWEUW3GA0I]]the harry potter and the deathly hollows part 2 is great move to get, if your a harry potter fan.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I love the Bible app :) I'm on my kindle all the time and the Bible being so easily accessible right here on it is exactly what I needed to make sure I read. You can even set reminders to read right from the app! My only con is that some of the devotional plans are too cheesey for my taste. But, to each his own :)  God Bless!
B001O1O71C|5.0|The Boy in the Striped Pajamas is  great book. It teaches about the halacaust and the suckish life jews had to go through being in a concentration camp. It is a book for both middle schoolers through adults. I loved this book so much that I just had to watch the movie!!!! The movie is just as good. I could  watch the movie and read the book up to infinity times and still cry!!&#60;33 :-* This is my favorite book ever!!!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|great game. nice and big, I like how easy it is to change the number of suits. definite must for any kindle!
B0063IH60K|1.0|my game kept getting. interupyed every couple of moves it loaded an ad. then, when the ad was done, it wouldn't go back to the game, just whatever I had open on the web browser. very frustrating!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I opened this up because it was free and I scrolled through the calender and then to the right I saw another option and my mind went*pop* there is sunset moonrise and all other kinds of things on here that aren't just related to the moon but the rotation of night and day too
B0063IH60K|5.0|keeps me interested for a long time,is fun to play,and it's easy. I'll continue to use this app. It keeps me busy!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Downloaded and ran the app. Does everything developer stated. Beautiful graphics, flawless operation on my Samsung Galaxy Tab 10.1. No lag. Simple navigation. Recommend for anyone who ever looks at that ever changing shaped orb in the night and day sky and then is filled with wonder, awe, and curiosity.<br /><br />Troll Abuse Reporting.<br />Please use the Amazon website to report abusive reviews if so warranted. The Appstore app does not provide this ability.<br /><br />From Amazon's review posting guidelines:<br />\\"Please share thoughts that you think will add to the discussion and help other customers interested in the product area.\\" Report abuse when a review, \\"violates Amazon.com's guidelines outlined here.\\"<br />For instance \\"What shouldn't I post?\\". 10 points listed.<br />7. Repeated posts that make the same point excessively. (Eg: constant lowest rating score on EVERY review.)<br />10. Any form of \\"spam,\\"<br />(Does this include Internet Trolling.  See wikipedia discussion, \\"A troll is someone who posts inflammatory,extraneous, or off-topic messages in an online community, such as an online discussion forum, chat room, or blog, with the primary intent of provoking readers into an emotional response or of otherwise disrupting normal on-topic discussion.\\")
B0064X7FVE|4.0|Unlike the Weather Channel app for other Android devices and iOS, the version for my Kindle Fire does not have the \\"Maps\\" tab.  I can't imagine why an important part of the app would be eliminated, but for me it is a significant enough omission to reduce what would have been a 4-star app to 2-star.  I hope that this app will be updated to the same functionality users of other devices enjoy.<br /><br />Update 3/22/12: Some weeks ago the omission of maps from the Weather Channel app was fixed and now it functions on Kindle Fire as well as it does on other Android devices. Thanks.
145551389X|1.0|I bought the book as a gift for my daughter, 25 years old, and when I opened it to see what it was about, I was horrified.  The pictures are graphic and vulgar!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like the game but I think we should have a game like pac man on here too. I'm working on the second page.
1451627289|5.0|I have always loved reading books by Mr. King, and have found that his writing has changed at the same pace my reading tastes have changed.  I loved this book, all the references to the time period, the assination, everything!  I loved it!  This book is a must read for King's fans, especially those who appreciate the Dark Tower series, which I feel has the same intensity of plot and character.  Fabulous!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so awesome!!!!!! I love it so much!!! I know u will love this app!!!! if u love fun, entertaining apps u will love this app!!!!!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The game keeps you wanting to play to unlock the other games. disappointing when you unlock a game that sucks and have to play all the games you have already played to unlock another one.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Fun. Ads are very intrusive though, but it's. a trade off for being free. Instructions for each game is mote trial and error.
B004EFYZ1C|1.0|We landed on the moon!  This app doesn't take you to the moon.  False advertising.  I wish this app would fly you to the moon.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app was very good for how many games you get, you get to play any remainder of time, but very short play times.
B000SL1ST8|1.0|The DVD that was sent was in Italian, it was ordered on November 11, 2011 and arrived January 7, 2012.  The DVD will NOT play in my DVD player in the USA.  The message states that the DVD is \\"incompatible in this region.\\"
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is an easy game to play!  I do not like the pop up ads between each deal.  I like this game!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Download it for yourself! If you listen to these  &quot;Dumb-Donkeys&quot; then your gonna miss out is all I can say! (THOUGHT YOU HAD TO BE OVER 13 TO COMMENT) Even if you don't use it it will always be in your cloud!! Quit contiplating and DOWNLOAD the damn app!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is much like the megatouches in bars. its not crazy cool but i like it. grab a beer and install this app:)
0142419400|5.0|Three words I would use to describe this book: Hilarious. Heartwarming. BRILLIANT.<br /><br />I was looking for another 'H' word to summarize it, but brilliant seemed to fit better than anything else -- because that's exactly what Stephenie Perkins proved she was by writing this book! Everything about it was just so magical.<br /><br />I've always wanted to go to Paris, and reading this book fueled my desire even more. Perkins has an amazing talent of writing details so that you're always intrigued and never bored. The storyline was perfectly crafted, and the way she wrote such specific aspects about her characters made them that much easier to connect to.<br /><br />Anna was the perfect voice for the novel! Her thoughts were always fun and hilarious to follow; I could always relate to her no matter what she did. And her chemistry with St. Clair stole my breath away every time. They were perfect together. But Perkins didn't just write \\"they were perfect together\\" -- the author showed it through moments that were just as much fun to read as I'm sure they were for Anna to experience.<br /><br />Beautiful, enchanting, and one-hundred percent entertaining, I have to say that Anna and the French Kiss was honestly my favourite contemporary novel of the year! I recommend it wholeheartedly! Stephenie Perkins is definitely an author I'm going to watch out for. :)<br /><br />BUY or BORROW?: This is a contemporary shelf must-have! Buy it and love it and gush about it with me!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I'm just rating this so i can get more points but i like the app my fav game is bouncer
159514188X|5.0|When I first saw this book around, I avoided it like the plague. I know people who've had to deal with family members taking their own life (and it's awful), so I'm really sensitive about reading a book that revolves around suicide. But now I wish I'd picked this one up sooner.<br /><br />Thirteen Reasons Why is an amazing book! Everything about it is just so breathtaking and well-executed and shockingly realistic. As Hannah's telling her story, you get attached to this beautiful girl and find yourself rooting for her to live even though you already know the outcome.<br /><br />I adore Clay! He's such a genuinely sweet guy; the kind of guy that girls have crushes on and moms just love. So that's why I couldn't help but continuously wonder what his part in Hannah's death could've possibly been. After all, Clay had a crush on Hannah before she died.<br /><br />But there's not just thirteen separate reasons why Hannah Baker decided to do what she did -- they're all connected like an intricate web that I wouldn't be able to write better if I tried. This book shows that suicide isn't caused by just one big reason, but many little ones. I couldn't stop reading until I knew the whole story!<br /><br />Nothing short of amazing, Thirteen Reasons Why is a beautiful, thought-provoking, and devastating book that kept me up all night. Even if you're hesitant to pick it up like I was, I wholeheartedly recommend that everyone reads it! People have said that this book has saved their life and I don't doubt it one bit.<br /><br />BUY or BORROW?: Buy it! It was one of the most touching books I've read this year, and I'm so happy that there's going to be a movie coming out starring Selena Gomez! She's such an awesome actress and I think she'll do great as Hannah. :)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love this app.  use it everyday, multiple times. I love that I can use it on my phone, kindle and computer and it stays synced and there is no adjusting needed between the three!
B004T5K3OK|5.0|I use this app quite often as an elementary education major. It allows me to keep digital copies of group project work since so many of our projects involve handwritten or hand constructed visuals. I plan on using this app or something similar to help with keeping digital copies on a school server of students' cumulative files. Great resource for educators and students.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|The games were not quite what I expected but they are fun little challenges that make me want to meet the goal and exceed it every time trying to earn more points. It's easy to lose track of time.
B004O3YGMC|3.0|The App works as advertised but found  it cubersome to move around and it kept disconnecting even when connected via WiFi but great idea.
B004J1DBJI|3.0|Yes, yes, yes, Wolfram Alpha is great--5+ stars, no doubt.  If you are a student of science, work in the world of science, or are just a self-professed science nerd, then you already know how great WA is.  If you don't, you're probably unconscious--or worse.<br /><br />Now, this app is another story.  Yes, it's a nice front-end for WA.  The keyboard is sort of a love/hate thing.  I do like it, but as a user of WA online, I know all the tips/tricks, and really find myself not using the keyboard.  Take away the keyboard, and this is just a simple front-end, and not much more.<br /><br />One reviewer suggested one only need go to the WA website instead of using this app.  I agree.  The app does add a bit of cool factor to it, but not that much.<br /><br />I'm keeping it on my tablet (because I have that kind of space), but deleting it from my phone.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a very awesome game fun for kids and it is do an addicting game!!!!!!! : &gt;D its eager to unlock all the games!!!!
B006C1DH92|4.0|Fruit Ninja is fun.  This is an improvement, but not by much.  Still, it is a very fun game.  My only complaint is that it is much harder to play on a 10\\" tablet than a 3.5\\" phone.  I do very well on the phone, but horribly on the tablet.  Too much real estate, I suppose.<br /><br />If you're trying to decide which to get (the original or the PIB version), only get this one if it's free, or you love Antonio Banderas.
B003L77G06|5.0|This is the funniest show on TV.  All the writing is brillient.  You got to love all of the characters too.
B004EFYZ1C|2.0|PROS: The graphics are stunning, especially the shadowing.  You are able to create whatever moon phase you like.  The accompanying data is interesting for anyone who might need it.  The ability to use this as live wallpaper is a nice touch.<br /><br />CONS: As live wallpaper, the changes are (obviously) gradual.  For all the memory and CPU live wallpaper consumes, it would be nice to see something happening.  Despite all the PROS, this is not an app I think anyone would use every day, or even very often, and probably wouldn't be left on one's phone/tablet for very long.  Of course, as previously mentioned, the app asks for far too many permissions for what it does.<br /><br />BOTTOM LINE: This app falls into my category of \\"very cool / not useful\\".  What it does, it does well; however, what it does isn't useful enough to me to warrant a permanent place on my phone or tablet.  I installed it, played with it for 20 minutes, got bored, and uninstalled it.<br /><br />Nevertheless, kudos to the developer for putting together a nice app.  Interested to see what's next.
B004EPZ084|5.0|J Anston killed in this movie she was too funny. We enjoyed this movie alot. Another movie to watch more than once.
B004EPYZV2|5.0|\\"Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol\\" is excellent! This is how the story goes: Blamed for the terrorist bombing of the Kremlin, IMF operative Ethan Hunt is disavowed along with the rest of the agency when the President initiates \\"Ghost Protocol\\". Left without any resources or backup, Ethan must find a way to clear his agency's name and prevent another attack. To complicate matters further, Ethan is forced to embark on this mission with a team of fellow IMF fugitives whose personal motives he does not fully know.  The cast led by Tom Cruise (as Ethan Hunt, who also produced) is excellent. The directing by Brad Bird is excellent. The story & screenplay by Josh Appelbaum & Andre Nemec is excellent.  The music by Michael Giacchino is excellent. The cinematography by Robert Elswit is excellent. The film editing by Paul Hirsch is excellent. The casting by April Webster & Alyssa Weisberg is excellent. The production design by James Bissell is excellent. The art direction by Michael Diner, Helen Jarvis, Christa Munro, Michael Turner, Martin Vackar & Grant Van Der Slagt is excellent. The set decoration by Rosemary Brandenburg, Andronico Del Rosario & Elizabeth Wilcox is excellent. The costume design by Michael Kaplan is excellent. The visual effects & animation by ILM (Industrial Light & Magic) is excellent. The make-up effects creation by David LeRoy Anderson is excellent.  This is an excellent action movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat with your mind thinking and your heart racing. This is the best movie in the \\"Mission: Impossible\\" franchise, thus far. This is one of Tom Cruise's best movies in years. This is also one of the best action films, if not, the best action film of last year.
B0041KKYGU|5.0|We laughed so hard we had to stop the movie.  This will be a repeat favorite movie that we will watch more than once. Too funny.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|pretty good, some games are frustrating but I guess that's the point. mainly just doing this review for extra pts. on the game
B005K17RU0|5.0|I love this app. Automatically pops up when I turn on my Fire and gives accurate up to the minute weather. Clean easy to understand graphics.  Easy to install. Love the real time radar views &amp; the 15 day forecast is so helpful when planning outdoor activities &amp; traveling. Weather geeks like me must have this app. It will be on your &quot;Favorites&quot; shelf too.
B0063IH60K|4.0|easy to use and no problems.intuitive when placing cards. good speed and response time. liked page setup. I like how it automatically saves your game
B004LWZW24|5.0|INSIDIOUS is one of the best American-made ghost stories I've seen in years. Director, James Wan (SAW, DEAD SILENCE, DEATH SENTENCE) has concocted (w/ writer Leigh Wannel) a chilling tale of spirits-gone-mad! I love movies like THE HAUNTING, THE INNOCENTS, POLTERGEIST, THE CHANGELING, THE RING (and RINGU), THE GRUDGE (as well as JU-ON), THE ORPHANAGE, etc., and INSIDIOUS fits right in w/ these classics. It starts out slowly, w/ subtle things, growing into an all-out spook extravaganza! I watched INSIDIOUS three times this week, and I could easily watch it again! Wan gets horror in general, and ghost stories in particular. He was raised on the aforementioned movies, and boy does it show! INSIDIOUS has brilliant homage moments that never stray into copy-cat, parody, or cheeeze territory. Check it out!...
B004O3YGMC|4.0|Works well overall. Very quick and easy to install and configure. Video settings leave a bit to be desired though.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to operate, quick action, somewhat customizable, I love the one touch quick action feature. I recommend this to everyone
B002JVWQT6|5.0|This is such a funny, funny show and, since we didn't start watching it until late last season, this made an excellent gift for Christmas.
B000003CMC|5.0|I was partying down when this came out,now years later it's like meeting an old friend.Some memories won't come back up without the accompanying music,this album will do that if you are an old rock and roller.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I actually bought this as a gift.  Which later turned into a Daria weekend.  I didn't think I'd enjoy it so much.  Finally something my girlfriend and I could enjoy together!  The price is exceptional, the video quality is dated, and the music went from great to tolerable.  I miss the old jingles, the show is still intact.  In fact, I think I enjoyed it more now, then when it was released!  Now even I want this show to comeback.  I'll have to give props to my GF for reintroducing me to Daria.  It was a non stop riot until the last season!
B0060V1WJ6|4.0|This is a humorous love story in which a wife tells her husband that after some twenty-five years of marriage and after having a single one-night stand with a coworker, she wants a divorce. The plot focuses on the fact that, although he loves his wife passionately, the husband has drifted into a lackadaisical existence in his behavior and even in the clothes that he wears. He meets a man who successfully seduces many women and in a kind of reverse Pygmalion the new friend turns the husband into a man like him. There are several subplots, including how the wife longs for her husband, her thirteen year old son being in love with his seventeen year old baby sitter, and a young woman who is searching for love. The film is funny.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I love the simplicity of the games and that there is a good variety and the games are short!  But some games are hard to control, but still fun!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|this Bible is very easy to use compared to one I had been using on my first Kindle.  love the tabs at top with book, chapter, verse, and it is easy to switch from version to version quickly. only drawback I can see is you have to have Internet wireless connection to use it. thankfully my church does and is willing to share the password.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This App has been an excellent productivity tool. It is unbelievable how much information I was able to pull together to do projects. Thank you.
B004O3YGMC|4.0|I download this app for free on the amazon free app day and it works great, just like it states
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Very easy to set up and I love it!!  I can now access all my files from my tablet!!  The video works great as well as the audio.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Very accurate app.  I am not sure why I personally would need to know the phases of the moon but I really like the detailed statistics screen. I was also unaware that the moon view rotates on earth depending on the phase of the moon. The developer did a good job.
B0063IH60K|3.0|love the game. don't love the ads. sometimes they randomly interrupt the game and that got so annoying that I removed the app.
B0063IH60K|1.0|I played this a lot, but then about twice a game a movie trailer would pop up out of nowhere, and it was the same stupid movie every time. uninstalled and will never play again.
B001E45XT4|1.0|Beware of any pair of headphones that has an inline volume control. Mine failed within a few months of use. I bypassed the crumby potentiometer in this pair when it got worn to the point of being unusable.  This design depends on the arms holding the cans to bend. My set fatigued to the point of cracking and breaking. I fixed one arm, but as expected, the other arm broke. I owned this product for about a year before total failure.  I advise the prospective buyer to buy a nice set of headphones (Grado, etc) and a separate mic. I hear throat mics are cheap these days.  It's in your best interest to spend a bit more to get something that lasts, and sounds better.
0060853964|5.0|I do so love everything about this book, and I also loved the way, I was able to receive it.   Fast and concise. That's what I love.  Good work Ya'll.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good game but some games seem impossible but hus keep trying and its a good game otherwise its not bad
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it definintely never gets boring! I play it almost everyday! I just wish there were a few more games to play.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|a lot of fun games but somethings are really hard to move around on some games. its free though so why not buy it?
B005DZ35RC|1.0|I like Johnny Depp.  He's played many excellent roles.  This is not one of them.  It's not that he's not good here, it just that this should have never happened in the first place.  It's a poor adaptation and pales in comparison to the 1971 version with Gene Wilder.  I watched it with high hopes but I don't think anyone will ever be able to play Willy Wonka like Gene Wilder did.  It wouldn't matter how good Depp played the role, he'll never be able to usurp Wilder's version from my mind.  This version is mostly fine if you've never seen the original adaptation.  But if you have seen it then this version is worthless.  If you haven't seen it, then the old version represents a time bomb that you may eventually set off(by watching it) and subsequently ruin Depp's version for yourself.
B001TWT0AE|5.0|Well, it may or may not be the best Western ever made, but it certainly is my all-time favorite. The characters are terrificly engrossing, the script is terrific, and of course the acting is top notch with Jimmy Stewart, Lee Marvin, & John Wayne.  The film is about a small time lawyer (Stewart) who makes a name for himself after killing the baddest bandito around (Marvin) in what seemed to be a one-sided gun duel. The lawyer then parlays his sudden fame into a political career culminating with a chance to become President.   But, the film takes some unexpected twists & turns that holds the audiences attention.  A must see for any fan of the genre.
B004EFYZ1C|2.0|sorry to be a downer, but I couldn't find out why this app needs to open network and read phone call information if it just a wallpaper.  I will do some research and try to revert if I can but at this time I just want give a heads up.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|I don't know why I need it, but I love it. Do you ever see an unusual piece of heavy equipment and really want it? Moon Phase Pro is like that. It is great - Lot's of numbers and stats that are totally engrossing. And the graphics are wonderful. You'll love it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|love it ...very very addicting ....worth the download.entertaining for hours... have it on my htvpc merge and kindle fire was very excited when I saw it was available for my kindle
B003L77GG0|5.0|Loved it.In fact I finished watchin' Smallville sn 10 two days ago and now I want to watch it again.But I shall resist if only for a few days more,(savour the flavour).
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very fun. I love how there is so many games to choose from. my favorite game is darts!
B0063GORYU|4.0|This version trys to do too much for the player.  It moves the cards to spaces, but not always where the player wants. Other than that it's a great game.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is a very easy to use app that has a lot of Bible reading plans with it. highly recommended.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|Not that I'm complaining, I'm here now, but it seems like it would be a bit better to call it \\"Luna Phase Pro\\". Seriously, just try and see where Ganymede, IO or for that matter the forest moon of Endor are.  I mean, if I were a Galadorian attempting to track the progression of the Dire Wraiths in the Dark Nebula, I'd be screwed.  But, eh, pretty neat I guess...
0385534639|1.0|Like most readers, I wanted very much to love this book. I am a student and this was the ONE fiction book I decided to read between grueling semesters and I really wanted to be transported. What a disappointment. The concept was terrific but it failed in execution in every possible way. The characters were one-dimensional and were, for all intents and purposes,interchangable. We do not get to know any of them, including the protagonists. The love story was totally unbelievable and clunky. The plot was practically non-existent. Descriptions of the circus were confusing. Many times (really, many, many times), I would read a long descriptive phrase over and over trying to picture a scene or magical item and just could not see it in my mind's eye. A lot of hard work was put into this book trying to evoke a magical atmosphere but it just didn't work for me. Another reviewer stated that the book seems as if it were written by a child or adolescent and I have to completely concur with that. It is the fantasy of a child who loves circuses, caramel apples and the ideas of magic and romance. This is not a book for adults who require strong characterizations, beautiful writing and a plot that pulls you forward. What baffles me is how much positive press this book has gotten. Maybe there is a hunger for books of this genre that has been unmet. Regardless, this piece does not measure up. A similar, although masterfully written book, is \\"Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell.\\" If I were in the market for a book to enchant me and to still respect my intellect, I would strongly recommend ditching this one and buying the former.
B005DZMP00|5.0|Classic album.  I have the record and do not mind the few scratches.  It is a favorite for dancing, of course.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game! I love it because their is so many amazing games! Buy this app!! I love it!
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Of course the books are better.  Of course the movies are not going to be as good.  Of course a Potter fan is going to watch them anyway and pick apart the film.  One of the better films in te series.
B001DCQI8W|5.0|I am a novice when it comes to Bruckner and Mahler.  I have been listening to the Bruckner series almost non stop on my car stereo system since I got this for Christmas.  Although the style can be a bit \\"overwrought\\" at times, in general I find this to be refreshing after years of listening to the old classics.  I find this recording to be much better than the Mahler CD that I bought at the same time and indeed I have discovered Bruckner, whereas I can take or leave Mahler.  As far as I know this is everything there is by Bruckner and it is worth every second of the listening experience.
0307593525|5.0|The listing said this was a \\"like new\\" used book.  They weren't kidding.  The volumes were in perfect condition...still had their original price tag and cellophane overwrap!<br />I gave them as a gift, and the recipient was ecstatic.  She said she'd looked at these books several times and always passed them up because of the price.  I paid less than half of the original price!.
0439023521|5.0|i finsihed this book in a week flat juggling it with school homework and theatre. I just couldnt put it down!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|cool game's you have there.  I love the games in it . my most favorit one is the bomb pigeons ot is awesome exploding them.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Product was just as I expected. Easy  to use and lightweight. I drop items alot and this would give the protection I need from damage.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this is a really cool game. there are a bunch of levels and you can find golden eggs. super fun.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Sometimes as a book series progresses the books lose stamina and aren't as exciting as the initial book.  I did not find that with this series as all.  As the third and final book in this series, it was exciting, interesting, and extremely hard to put down.  Unlike some series, this book has a satisfying ending but leaves enough up to the imagination to be interesting.  I actually can't believe all the horrible reviews of this book as the ending to the series.  It seems people wanted Katniss to be flawless, constantly brave and heroic but instead get a real person filled with fear and uncertainty during horrible times.  I think the realness of her thoughts is one of the best parts about this series (since it is written in the first person).  Many reviewers seem upset that the ending doesn't explain every one of her uncertainties in the book - but this is likely because she was never able to work them out herself.  Considering the books are written in the first person, I don't think you can flaw the author for the ending.    If you haven't read any books from this series yet I would highly recommend it.  All of the books are a 5 star read, and in my opinion are appropriate for both teens and adults.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|a b c d h I j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z
B0054JZC6E|3.0|love the different games just some are really slow and I feel that they cant be beat. if u are looking for a lot of game's. to kill some time this is it.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|the games they have are very hard some are easy but they take like 10 times just to understand it. don't bother.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|interesting games.. need to play and play to earn more of the games.. enjoyable.. locked games cost points that you need to earn..
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the app itself is deffinantly entertaining and has a variety of mini games that are simple but present a small challenge.
B00003CXA2|5.0|This a great movie. If you haven't seen it you don't want to pass it up. When I fist saw Forrest Gump I thought it was a true story...lol But every movie that I watch and like I question if it a true story....lol.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|Saved my daughters kindle from a two foot drop! Fits very secure around kindle and is quiet stylish too! Very good product for the money!
B001TWT0AE|5.0|One of the really great westerns. I think one of the top 4 John Wayne movies. I'm not a big John Wayne fan but had to have this one. A great all star cast.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i think this is a really fun and very exiting game. I really like it and it is very time consuming.
B005ZUR724|4.0|maybe just my experience but NPC's often disappear and I have to log out and go back in. Fun though.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was not interested in reading this book at first, but after hearing great things I decided to give it a chance. I could not put it down! I regret not reading it sooner. I highly recommend this book and suggest everyone reads it before the movie comes out March 23, 2012.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|...the main character of this movie was Hawaii itself, and its splendid music. I've owned slack key guitar music for years, but am certainly looking forward to owning, as one reviewere put it, \\"the best of the best in one CD.\\"
B004XGA3KE|5.0|Ben Howard is a UK singer/songwriter relatively unknown in the US, but not for long. His songs captivate with their lyrical content and fantastic guitar, percussion, and cello movement.  You will not be disapointed.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great game to pass the time!!!!!!!! my family loves to play this app in the vehicle. I agree why so many one star ratings.
0007158475|1.0|The book had a lot of writing and coloring in it. It also took along time to get here.  I ordered other books from other sellers  and they arrived a whole week before this book.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|The game's ok, just takes a long time to earn enough money to keep opening additional games.  That may be the purpose to keep u playing so you can see more adds.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy to access, easy to play, smooth function.  I will be keeping this app and will recommend it to my friends.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I enjoy the games. definitely gives you something to do when you are bored. no major complaints here. play now!
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I love this cover!  It looks great and my kindle feels very secure. The cover has a nice feel to it as well, like soft leather.<br /><br />Update:  I have now had the Verso Prologue Case in Tan for a few months and I still love it!  It still has the very soft feel of well used leather, and still looks brand new even with daily usage.  My kindle still feels very secure, not loose at all even though I have removed it from the case several times and it has been dropped a few times too.<br /><br />I did see the same thing many reviewers have stated - the cover doesn't close all the way when you first get it.  Mine did the same thing initially but after a couple of months it started closing fully.  I had read the reviews when I first purchased it so here is what I did - when I would close my kindle in the case I would set it down on the front cover side, such as when I put it on my nightstand.  Frequently when I was reading I would also open the cover fully, bending the front cover back around to the back of the kindle - like you see people do with magazines or paperbacks.  Maybe this made a difference?  All I can say is my cover closes fully!<br /><br />And no, I wasn't paid to do this review!  That would have been pretty cool though!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This game is a lot of fun. I like having a bunch of different games in one. It never gets boring
0393338827|5.0|Who is to blame for the financial crisis? Reading between the lines of this book you can figure it out. First and foremost is the fact that so many of our \\"best and brightest\\" ivy league grads have internalized no moral compass other than the value of making as much money as possible. This is ultimately a failure of our educational system, which has concluded that values education is off limits, and of our culture as a whole, which thinks that all values are relative and therefore none may be taught. When you have your best and brightest singularly focused on coming up with as many ways as possible to make money with no checks on their activities, you have a recipe for disaster. Government regulators and ratings agencies should have served as countervailing checks.  But the ratings agencies were all infected by a conflict of interest -- if they downgraded any financial instrument the seller would stop paying their fees -- and because they paid their employees so little, there was no talent in these agencies to ferret out what the \\"best and brightest\\" were doing even if there hadn't been a conflict of interest that would have suppressed any such knowledge. Since what brought the system down was a system of regularized betting on the market taking the form of \\"insurance,\\" the government should have strictly regulated this the way other insurance is regulated. Because government employees are either lifers with little talent or revolving-door denizens who know they will need a job when they return to the private sector, government employees either didn't have the smarts to figure out what was going on or wouldn't tell because of the future job conflict of interest. Add on top of this the relentless conservative ideology propaganda wantonly promoted by the people making billions off this scheme as well as by their media stooges that \\"the market\\" somehow itself \\"knows best,\\" and that any government interference would spook it. The coup de grace was the unthinking use ofmathematical formulas by people who should have known better, e.g., formulas relating to \\"diversification\\" of risk that allowed B-rated investments to be transformed from dross into triple A-rated gold by the mere application of a formula. Garbage in, garbage out. My one quibble with this excellent volume is that the synthetic CDO concept is not adequately explained. My sense is that the biggest part of this problem was the fact that Goldman Sachs, et al. were able to create entirely theoretical security instruments out of thin air:  the synthetic CDOs, as Lewis says, were \\"a near-perfect replica of a subprime mortgage bond\\" but with \\"no actual home loans or home buyers.\\" (Pp. 75-76).  I think this is the crux of the matter but it needs a better explainer. But overall, a great read.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|its like angry birds just a little more complicated. its got new graphics and ids Inca funyy. I know I am spelllllllllllling this wrong but oh well.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|These are believable characters, beautifully flawed, in unbelievably horrible situations. The author's use of a constant present tense is very engaging, making it very difficult to find good points to stop and get sleep! One thing that sticks with me besides the obvious moral lessons (freedom is good, killing bad, suppression of freedom and devaluing of human life bad, loyalty and love good. Etc.) is the rich descriptions of the capitol culture, how sickeningly indulgent and superficial the lives they take for granted are in comparison to the lives of the districts, how normalized their enjoyment of the blood-lustful Games. And yet those we meet from the Capitol are none-the-less sympathetic human beings...not so unlike us in the real world in modern day America. I really am impressed how the author made one of the most noble characters, Cinna, gifted in what could be perceived as the most superficial of areas - fashion - and played with the value of appearance and artifice versus substance and honesty.
B005HSL626|5.0|this game is off the CHAIN I love it sooooo much I would kiss it until my kindle set on fire.OMG
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game id a very good game w w w w e ace e e e ececeveevev  dd dd da a a a a
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is a very good app to get because there is many different mini games to play. It gets very addictive
B004ZWKWQQ|4.0|When my 11 year old son got this, which he has been wanting for months! He did not stop until he finished it, it took hours. He loves it. The stand does not seem to work tho, it knocks off the tail every time. He actually took it all apart and is rebuilding it. It has alot of fun compartments. I am glad Santa brought it for him!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|only played 3 games do far but it's been quick and fun. I think it will be a go to game when wanting yo pass some time.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Work just great with my Xoom. Better than any other similar program that I have tried. Highly recommendable. Dont know how I coped without it in the past.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome awesome awesome ths is an awesome awesome awesome game... I love ths game so so so so so much
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|App graphics are gorgeous on Moto Razr. Love that you can look back and see exactly how the moon was at the time you were born.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Best game I've played in a long time! love it(: I just wish they'd make the money amounts to unlock games smaller and make some more
B0054JZC6E|5.0|really fun ive been playing it for the past hour. you can play many different games in one app. FUN!!!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|easy but can get you frustrated.I think the one hundred one plus sixteen games is ok but not exactly awesome.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game gives me something to do when I am hopelessly bored. awesome game. definitely recommended to anyone who loves card games
B0054JZC6E|5.0|awesome app with a game for every one of every age a must of on any and every device you own
0877180121|5.0|I started receiving piano lessons at 7, these are the books my piano teacher recommended. If I remember correctly I used part one, a bit of part two and three and part four, as my level increased .These honestly were great books, they have the little monster thingy's that for me were really cute at the time, and there's exercises for the student to do.  The songs are also fun to get your fingers used to playing chords and playing with both hands.  So overall they are good :)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this app!! It has so much variety, and it is great!! It is really awesome!! I don't anyone who does not adore this game!!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|The app is easy to read and use. It works a lot like the version for my phone. The only suggestion I have is for a way to download reading plans and use them with an offline version, so I don't always have to be around wi-fi to complete my daily reading.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is so fun and challenging but it builds your skill n tout boardem especially me cause j get really board
B004O3YGMC|5.0|This application works amazingly well, anything i want to do on my computer i can easily and simply do on my touchpad
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think this game is great for the whole family because it has ssssssooooooo many different games you are bound to find one for everyone in the family. I give it a double thumbs up.
031261246X|4.0|Fantastic book, especially for a freshman effort.  The character development was a little thin, but makes for an easy read.  What makes this book great is the technical background Mr. Russinovich possesses and how that is written into the book.  Far too many sci-fi/thrillers with a technology basis make me want to roll my eyes, but this book is (as far as I can tell) technically accurate and not overblown with whiz-bang \\"You gotta be kidding me\\" tech moments.
B004DR9OGC|4.0|Anne Bronte's The Tenant of Wildfell Hall was bold for its time, tackling taboo topics such as domestic violence and female emancipation. Not as well known as her other two sisters, Emily (who wrote Wuthering Heights), and Charlotte (who wrote Jane Eyre), Anne's novel is nevertheless an important work, and well worth a read.<br /><br />This 1996 BBC adaptation stars Tara Fitzgerald as Helen Graham, an attractive woman who appears to be very secretive, keeping quietly to herself when she arrives in the guise of a widow at Wildfell Hall, in 19th century Yorkshire. Together with her young son, Helen attempts to maintain a low profile, a futile effort as her very presence arouses the locals' suspicions, resulting in malicious gossip. It is only at the insistence of a local gentleman farmer, Gilbert Markham (Toby Stephens), that Helen reveals the agonizing secrets of her past and the life of corruption that she fled for her sake, as well as her young son's.<br /><br />The production qualities are quite well done, with beautiful shots of the picturesque English countryside, and though the soundtrack isn't exactly inspiring, the talented cast more than makes up for any deficiencies in the production. This is well worth a watch for those who are fans of well-made period dramas, and a must-watch for fans of the Bronte sisters' works.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Saw all the stars and wondered about this app.  Now I find it invaluable.  Use it every day.  Even upgraded to premium service.
0061992860|5.0|I ordered this little gem after seeing it at a friends house.  This tiny book contains valuable information for any given situation.  It is already in my emergency kit!
B002EEP3NO|5.0|my son loves Legos - but this set for Christmas pretty much blew his mind.  He is having a lot of fun putting it together - but one huge manual, and 4 separate boxes of pieces inside - he is going to be busy for awhile . . .<br />The big problem with this set - what is there after that even comes close ???  This is pretty much the holy grail of Lego sets !!!  Two big thumbs up !
B005HSL626|5.0|if ur having trouble with the ads coming up and u cat get to the game hit the back button it should bring u to the game. anyways I love this game I play it like 24/7
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Pretty fun, but addictive and some of the games are too difficult. not great graphics but hey its still entertaining.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|World War Z / 9780307346612<br /><br />This book is a collection of 'interviews' and vignettes in the wake of the world wide zombie war. I'd had some concerns going in that the book wouldn't sustain suspense very well, since all the stories are told retroactively (so you know the teller survived their tale), but I shouldn't have been worried. \\"World War Z\\" brings suspense to the table, along with an incredible freshness of tone and ideas.<br /><br />The new ideas are where this book really shines. Brooks doesn't just reach for the low-hanging zombie fruit; he looks at the zombie apocalypse from a variety of lenses. Some of the new ideas explored here include: The spreading of the virus via the organ transplant black market. Neighborhood cleanup in the wake of the war and what that would entail. Feral children and animals and the rise of both after a global apocalypse. The dangers of the \\"Lone Rangers\\", particularly ones who set bombs willy-nilly. A look at both successful and unsuccessful military initiatives. Life aboard a submarine as an escape from the walking dead. Tracking zombie movements along coastlines via tagging. And those are all things off the top of my head -- there's a huge wealth of ideas in this book that I haven't even touched on.<br /><br />There's so many things to like about this book, but I love Brooks' treatment of minorities. This isn't your average zombie apocalypse where only the meaty manly men survive. We get to see a female fighter pilot trek to a pick-up point when her cargo explodes and she has to eject from the plane. We see a man in a wheelchair and hear him talk about his time on the neighborhood patrol. We talk to a blind man who lived in the wilds of Japan on his own, listening carefully for the zombies and killing any who came within his range. It's so rare to see such a wide range of people in a zombie novel, and Brooks delivers in a way that a more focused novel simply couldn't. I also love that the novel explores the apocalypse from a very solid class perspective -- the rich who treat the whole thing as a bizarre reality show fare (on the whole) much worse than the average folks on the street.<br /><br />I read \\"World War Z\\" for a book club, but it's one of the few books that I finished only to want to pick it up and read it again. I recommend the book highly, though I will note one pet peeve: Brooks' interviews are written in the vernacular and I did get very tired seeing the word \\"crazy\\" thrown around when really what was meant was \\"silly\\", \\"foolish\\", \\"ill-advised\\", or some other, better word. Still, if you can get past that, I think you'll like this novel if you have any affinity for zombie literature.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardollspective -- the rich who treat the whole thing as a bizarre reality show fare (on the whole) much worse than the average folks on the street.   I read \\"World War Z\\" for a book club, but it's one of the few books that I finished only to want to pick it up and read it again. I recommend the book highly, though I will note one pet peeve: Brooks' interviews are written in the vernacular and I did get very tired seeing the word \\"crazy\\" thrown around when really what was meant was \\"silly\\", \\"foolish\\", \\"ill-advised\\", or some other, better word. Still, if you can get past that, I think you'll like this novel if you have any affinity for zombie literature.   ~ Ana Mardoll
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Looks gorgeous on the Fire. One note...I had to manually set the date and time as it was off by a day and 2 hours after install.<br /><br />UPDATE 3/14/2012 - I reinstalled this app on my Fire with it's latest version and it now works flawlessly.
B004X80QNG|4.0|I've tried several and this is my favorite scheduler and planner app so far. I have had no problems syncing with my Google calendar. I'm hoping they get support for ICS soon because otherwise I'm going to miss this app when I upgrade. Kinda' pricey at $9.99, but not a bad price right now on Amazon.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Its such a great game to kill time I love it :) great game for the kids to play to
B004O3YGMC|4.0|As long as you follow the instructions, you're fine. Easy to learn. A little laggy, but that's to be expected. Very useful if you need to check something on your home computer while you're out.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this games is my favorite game I play it all day and night. I would die if I found out this app has been detected illegal or something my mom cant get me to get non addicted from it my mom just got an ipod touch and she loves this game now because I told her all. bout it my brother and dad are going to get addicted to it soon to
B001P06GX4|5.0|Blokus is a lot of family fun for ages 8 and above...even the parents!  It involves a lot of strategy and laughs.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this game because it has a variety to do on it. the games on it anyone will like.......:)
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very great. has games that are interesting and will take more than a day to get bored with.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a great app for anyone and I have no complaints except havin to buy points the games are super fun and are kinda challenging
B004A8ZWVK|4.0|I enjoyed the movie but felt the book was better because the movie leaves out lots of important parts. The cast portrayed the south and what it was like during that time. Minnie was my favotite character.
B005HED8EY|5.0|this is one of the best episodes, not for entertainment, but for seeing how all the actors matured into their roles. Leanord  Nimoys rant about studying the human psyche, and the relevance to his Vulcan side was superb. Great acting. This also perpetuated the Neoman Rand vs. Kirk relationship, often forgotten. Good stuff.
B0054JZC6E|2.0|It's ok. Some of the games are super lame but others are fun. None of them are way fancy. They are all pretty simple but they are ok.
B0063IH60K|5.0|no complaints! setup is good. interface Is User friendly. you can even choose between winning deal and random deal. good for any person who enjoys playing solitaire.
0439023521|5.0|Item was shipped promptly as promised. Brand new, no writing or tears on pages. This purchase was perfect for my gift! In fact, the item was shipped much sooner than expected, it showed up in my mailbox really quickly.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|I was somewhat concerned about purchasing this cover, because it technically was not made for the Kindle Fire. However, my Fire fits perfectly into the elastic corners. It's nice and snug, which is exactly how I want it to be. The cover is very pretty, soft to the touch, but firm enough to give the feel of holding a book or hard back journal.   The only thing I would recommend is to check your local Best Buy. I love Amazon, but this exact case is available in-store at Best Buy for $29.99 and I couldn't resist snagging it there instead of ordering if here. The plus side to buying from the store (aside from the price) is that the cover already closes perfectly. I know some complained that their case didn't want to close all the way. Another complaint was a funny smell. Mine smells just fine! No need to air it out :) Just something to consider if you have a Best Buy 'round the corner.
0300169787|4.0|The loss of Aleander McQueen shocked and saddened us all and over the years it is hard to remember all the highlights of his creations. Therefore it is really exciting to walk back through his career and  this book page by page showcases his wild imagination, his use of texture and appreciation of luxury detail. Also the haunting quotes that thread their way through the book make you look again at his vision and his genius in a whole new light. Finishing with an interview was a terrific ending, you close the book almost feeling like you have been sitting and talking with him.   Just like one of his quotes you start thinking this book is quiet dark but as you go along is becomes more romantic!
B0051XI9FO|4.0|I purchased this car for my son because I couldn't find it in stores.  After I was notified it shipped, I found it at Target for $3.19!  I paid $10.50 through this seller.  Really bummed about that!  We haven't opened the item yet because its going to be a present for my son's birthday in a few weeks.  Hopefully it will hold up to a 3 year old playing with it daily!  We have most of the other Disney Cars cars, so I imagine it will have the same quality.
B0026IUXO2|5.0|One of my favorite time periods in history and this movie does a wonderful job reliving it! Excellent story to tell and the cast chosen to portray the characters was amazing! This film as well as the second installment the golden age are both riveting and addicting!
B0052UZIFA|1.0|With the latest update, the application freezes constantly (Galaxy Nexus).  If you're lucky, you might get to the end of a level before the freeze. Please fix this app or offer refunds.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun easy to use after a wile and and very fun and a great lime passer fun idea that fish game earn game idea loved its
0545265355|5.0|I purchased this product as my first Amazon purchase, and overall I'm very pleased with the result.   The boxset arrived in perfect conditions, and I recently start reading the first book. The cover box has the books organized in my library and the hardcover of every book keeps them in perfect shape. The paper on what they are written looks good and the type they used is easy to read without effort. I'm happy with my purchase!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I've loved this game ever since I was a child. It's a lot easier to play electronically, you don't have to shuffle.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|Pretty fun, no real gameplay issues other than slow response time on some game levels. Good free game to waste some time.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this app is brest i can read my devotion, Bible and any refrerences any where i am ...this is fantastic and very resourfull..
B0054JZC6E|3.0|pretty fun game better than expected. sort of cheery graphics.  bad part, I think it is the reason my email was taken over by spam.
B0063GORYU|3.0|I have enjoyed this version of spider, you can play one to four suits, play is nice, however, within the last two days, the previews for the devil inside have gone haywire and randomly pop open new windows on my kindle fire. It is so annoying that I'm looking for a new game, I cant deal with it anymore. In the last 20 minutes, it has happened at least once per minute.
B0055SWM08|5.0|JUST DOWNLOADED AND ALREADY AN HOUR HAS GONE BY!  ANOTHER REASON NOT TO DO LAUNDRY. I'M ALREADY WORRIED ABOUT RUNNING OUT OF LEVELS.
B005K17RU0|1.0|When I went to the radar view, &amp; tried adjusting the zoom, my KF froze &amp; needed to be rebooted. I've deleted the app.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book. Collins' storytelling is excellent, and her main characters are believably flawed and compelling. I enjoyed the book so much that I immediately had my 16-year-old daughter read it (she loved it, too), followed by my mother-in-law (her, too). That's right -- three generations of my family approved The Hunger Games. I'm not sure I can think of higher praise than that.
B004T32SOK|1.0|A search for dropbox brought me to this app which is not dropbox but similar. I prefer dropbox however since I have been a long time user. Not sure who is to blame for this app getting dropbox's results but I am disappointed.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|good. app. fun games. has good way to earn points. fun to do in free time. some games are hard. but it passes time
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is so so much fun I love it I recommend it to anyone that has a lot or little time and to any age
B0063IH60K|4.0|A fun play. You can even guarantee a winning deal. The ads can get a little irritating though. Autocomplete is a great feature in any solitaire game.
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|The 5th star comes once this app is fixed and I have every reason to believe it will be. I just love it. Simple and beautiful. I love the live wallpaper as well. Once the devs make it accurate (others have already pointed out the flaws no need to rehash) it will be perfect. Well done so far!
B000VDDDY6|5.0|Item was in excellent condition. It was a gift and there were no problems with it. No other info was needed before purchasing.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|Other than Adele's, I can't think of a release in 2011 that is close to this in terms of the power, the passion, and best of all the listenability. I prefer it to Lungs which was pretty good for a debut.  Favorites are All This and Heaven Too, Heartlines, What the Water Gave Me, Say My Name and Lover to Lover (the ones where the drums pound the most). She has that great sense of how pop songs start off slow and then build into a crescendo, pause and take off again. Her concerts must be amazing. I can't believe people take the lyrics seriously. Well, I guess I can.  But don't.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great game with lots of games to keep you busy it makes my playing time worth wild. I also like chicken with potatoes
0385504225|3.0|I read this book with my laptop close by.  I would often stop reading and Google a person, place, phrase, or word that I found interesting in the novel.  I learned a great deal.  I felt like I was in college again, being presented with worldly knowledge of which I was quite naive.  There is much we don't know and unless we stumble upon it, we never will.  From that perspective, I found the book to be an eye-opener for me.  From the literary standpoint, it was like an old serial that was shown in the movie theaters when I was a young girl.  You couldn't wait til next week to find out how the hero was going to save the young woman who was tied to the railroad tracks.  Improbable situations yet always an escape.  Roadblocks, tension, screwdrivers in the throat, trip wires, death, intrigue...it is all there.  However, intelligent people walk into the most obvious of traps.  The villain is the son, morphed into pure evil.  A very nasty demon and the question is why? how? ugh.  Because the book created a fire to learn things I did not know, I liked it. (5 stars)  From the literary focus, not so much. (1 star)  So, I give the book 3 stars but I won't read it again and will probably give the book away.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I read some bad reviews on this cover but decided to order it anyway.  It is perfect!  The Kindle Fire is a little on the heavy side and this case adds nothing to the weight.  It doesn't feel cheap at all, as some reviewers say. I have to wonder if they ever put it on the Kindle at all, or just got hung up on the light weight of the item.  The lightness is a positive thing, not a sign of poor quality!  I'm a pretty critical person and all I have to say is that this case is exactly what I wanted...lightweight, good quality, and fits perfectly.  I love the strap, you can flip it around to the front when you're not using the Kindle to make sure the cover stays closed.
B000077VR3|1.0|There are very few films that I will bail out on (hence the tag \\"parachute film\\") and not find something that will encourage me to see it through to the end despite misgivings - story line, acting, cinematography, screenplay, etc. - but this film was one of them. I can abide and even enjoy a gimmick-driven film if its other elements tower above a contrived story device to produce a satisfying result (e.g. \\"The Curious Case of Benjamin Button\\" and \\"Forrest Gump\\") but have a hard time coping with a movie that is heavily dependent on multiple gimmicks. The music video style of \\"Moulin Rouge\\" was a bit disconcerting to me but I was still willing to hang in there in hopes of being won over by other elements of the film. That drive was quashed, however, by the second gimmick - 19th Century characters singing 20th Century songs. This reality skewing device was one two many for my taste and had me quickly abandoning this film in search for another less jarring. There is definitely an audience for \\"Moulin Rogue\\" but you will not find me in it's number.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|not bad for a free game. lots to do. the controls are a bit shoddy, but worth the download. good game if you are bored.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this game ain't the best but if it cost 1 cent I wouldn't. have got this game. I just got so I could get rp in the drag racing game
B004EPYZSU|3.0|Cowboys and Aliens isn't the best movie--it started out slow, and it was hard to connect to the characters.  However, it got a little better and more interesting towards the end.  It went out with a bang.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|These games are a fun way to waste a little bit of time when you are bored. Especially when it's free!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love this game. It is a perfect time waster or entertainment for a dull moment. Great for road trips too!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun quick games that are not to complicated  not to hard to learn there is help option if needed fast paced
B001A3GSFW|5.0|This is truley one of the Ramones better albums! The download was easy, and the music is great! I would advise anyone who likes the Ramones to purchase this CD.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like how they have so many different games that you can play, but you have to win them by mastering the first ten games they provide you with! This way it is not too challenging but still hard enough to be fun.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Having the ability to write and access notes on a variety of devices from my phone to my Kindle Fire and my computer makes this app invaluable.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it was great! haha. I am not very good at it though.. it just takes a few tries to beat the games I guess. but otherwise, its a pretty fun game to play when Im bored.
0307959856|2.0|After intense anticipation of the combination of my two favorite authors, I was considerably let down. This was bland, lacking in charactarization (both Darcy and Elizabeth are one-dimensional and -- boring) and had very little wit. Also: would Lydia really have been present in the carriage while Wickham and his friend argued over treatment of Wickham's mistress? and really, could a man who had been ill for months and was barely able to leave his bed, be able to run about the dark woods and bean a perfectly healthy (if drunken) man, knocking him down, then return to his sick bed, dying not many days later?  I ended up wondering if Ms James had hired a ghost writer.
B000ZECQ08|2.0|Hi, those who wants this movie in spanish language, don't buy it, because the description said that have it, and it doesn't . My family loves the movies of Harry Potter but not everybody understand english, so they will not enjoy this movie
030771652X|3.0|I thought the book was well written, but sometimes slow and I wanted it to pick up. It is a good summer or beach read. I don't like to summarize books in my reviews, but write one statement of my overall impression.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the selection of game choices is vast.  everyone can find games they enjoy.  it is easy to gain points.  the games also help to increase your skill.
0062060554|5.0|Loved this book!! Just when it was slowing down it would pick right up. It had great twists and kept the reader going! Loved it!
B0061S073A|4.0|It really needs a feature where you can make certain books available to read on it. I love it for my kids but they don't have the option of reading different books in Kindle. That is the only change I can think of...
B005LAJ1H2|2.0|Boardwalk Empire had an interesting premise and some good historical material to mine. It worked ok for the first season. But as the second season went on, it became clear that the premise had been played out. The setting and the characters had been used up. And there was nowhere to go but down.  The first major problem was that the show degenerated into \\"Good Irish Wife Playhouse\\". This is a gangster drama. Most people (including me) want to see gangster drama rather than the overblown domestic trials and tribulations of I dont know how many \\"good\\" Irish wives in the cast. And because its Good Irish Wife playhouse, we have to treat the death of her wifebeating, baby-killing drunken husband Hans as great crime. Somehow nobody makes the point that killing a guy who beats his pregnant wife up in they way he did can be seen more as a sort of rough justice rather than a moral crime. I'm not sure anyone even bothers to make the point about what sort of guy Hans was.  About halfway through the season, they seemed to realize that the plot had run out. So they started killing and/or wrecking every character in the cast. By the end of the season, almost everyone but Thompson (and wife) was dead. Every episode seemed to require a shocking death or a shocking betrayal that often made little sense and were worse yet, against the actual history.  The real Commodore lived to 1934. Yet in the show he is killed in the early 1920s to provide more mixed up family drama leading to the death of another character. The Commodore was an important character to the show because he provided the bridge between the political machine and the business community.  The show also fails to understand the rules of a 1920s political machine. Gangsters were not going to openly kill high-profile businessmen or senior politicians without consequences. Especially a low-level gangster in Atlantic City. The show also doesn't understand that the local political machine fits into a bigger state-level machinewith its own priorities.   The show also ignores the democratic party in terms of how things got done in that era. The democratic party (who controlled the statehouse at the time) would have been leading the charge to get members of the atlantic city machine. And the democratic machine would have existed in parallel with the republican machine. Working with gangsters in New York or other east coast cities would require political negotiations as well as negotiations with gangsters. Disputes between gangsters turn into disputes between politicians. The writers just don't understand and don't care much about how the era really worked.   By the end of the second season, everyone is dead and the show seems to have nowhere left to go. Its been renewed for a third season. But what that will consist of is unclear. They can either abandon history or they can repeat themselves.   Steve Buscemi does an outstanding job in the lead role. He is the only person associated with this program who deserves awards. Its just a pity that the writers are not up to creating better material for him to play.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Fun game but can be sensitive to your touch and move cards where you don't want them to go, which can mess up your score.
B003HV0TN2|5.0|I bought this book impulsively, just because I love the genre and it seemed interesting. I'm so glad I did!  I loved this book (and the sequel) so much I forced my brother and my grandmother to read it too. They both thought it was brilliant and I really can't praise \\"The Name of the Wind\\" enough.  It's so well written with interesting characters and has such a great balance of actual story and description (I find myself becoming really bored sometimes, especially in fantasy novels, when it takes someone a page to describe a shrub).   Five stars because it was the best book I read in all of 2011 and believe me, I read dozens. Well done Patrick Rothfuss, I hope there is so much more to come!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|I REALLY LIKE THIS APP.  I HAD NO IDEA THERE COULD BE ANY THING LIKE.IT,  I CAN'T GET MY OUTLOOK EXPRESS EMAIL ON THE KINDLE BUT WITH THIS I NOW CAN.  I CAN BRING UP MY MUSIC, PICTURES AND EVERYTHING IN MY COMPUTER.  IT COULD BE A LITTLE MORE EXACT BUT LOVING IT ANY WAY.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|anzks sjsbsj slab hsjsh jsjaj hsjxh jsjxj jjsjzj jzjzj jzjxj bxjxj nsnsn jxj,misjudge jzjj j jxj j j,j,n jajaj Maj,j
B0063GORYU|2.0|I thought about playing this since I've never played Spider Solitaire before.  Not a bad game, but really annoyed at the in game ads that hijack your gameplay.
B0007TKNII|5.0|The movie got here faster than expected! It was a great surprise! The movie runs great && I love it. Thanks Amazon!!
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|Great graphics and works well on my fire. Don't know much about the moons phases but I find myself learning more. Thank AMZ great faotd.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this is a great game to play, very  classic.  reminds me of watching my grandma play solitaire on the computer when I was younger.
B004XJRQUQ|4.0|Dear Readers,    These books are amazing but underneath the gorgeous covers lies a tale of love, hate and a whole ton of violence. I have heard from people that this book is suggested for sixth graders. To me this book is better classed as Teen or even Adult Science-Fiction. Other than the MAJOR violence in the series these books are great.    -LNDNLS
B0063IH60K|5.0|Perfect for the Kindle Fire. The graphics are great and there are a lot of gameplay options. There are ads, but they only show up in between games, not during. Would highly recommend for anyone who likes Solitaire.
B0063IH60K|4.0|The only drawback is the pop up adds. Otherwise this app provides you with a lot of solitaire fun. Typical of computer solitaire.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|this was the cheapest place I could find the lion king and I love it!! it is my favorite movie ever since it came out when I was 2!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|enjoy the challenges. have never tried this type of game before. like that you can reply if you don't solve the first try.
B004EFYZ1C|5.0|moon phase pro is a good app. It works perfectly on my LG G2X. Nice graphics. App does what it says. I would recommended this app.
B0063IH60K|1.0|I have really been enjoying this game on my tablet until this morning. It started showing a movie trailer whenever I open the game, which would be ok if I could then play the game but the trailer opens in the browser and doesn't return to the game. When I reopen the game, the trailer plays again so the game is now unplayable!
B000EF5NAS|5.0|I looked everywhere, but they don't seem to have it on blu-ray, why not??? I just don't understand. Do anyone know of when FGT is coming to blu-ray? Anyone? I'm kinda exicted about it.... thanks!
1250004217|5.0|The story of Sarah's key, was made by Tatiana De Rosne. The story was made out to Stella Tatiana's mother and her friend charlotte and in memory of her grandmother. The story Sarah's key was a New York bestseller.  Sarah's key take place in two story's one in Paris, July 1942 and the other in Paris may 2002. At the beginning of the making of the book Tatiana did not quite have the information for a story like this considering it took place in the holocaust camp located in the veil de hiver. But once she got her information she got to writing.  In Paris July 1942 where the book first takes place. Young 10 year old Sarah Starzynski and her family were forced to a concentration camp leaving behind her brother in a coppered so the French police that were collecting them could not get her brother but the coopered could only be opened by a key that Sarah had. During the book Sarah wishes to get back to her home just to open the coppered to get her brother out. When her family makes it to the Vel'De hev (a sporting area that was used to hold Jewish family's) they suffer many cruelty's and soon they go to a Jewish concentration camp were Sarah has been separated from her family and she is ill. Later she finds a girl Rachel and quickly befriends her and they make plans to leave the camp. And succeed. They run away from the camps to find the Defaure family that take them in and suddenly Rachel becomes ill and dies. So the Defaures and Sarah go to Paris were Sarah goes to her old apartment only to find Tezacs (Julia's husband family) to be in the home and she pushes her way through. Sadly...her brother is dead and has been there so long that the Tezacs knew of an odder but did not know that it was a dead body. After this tragedy she was able to get over it somewhat and she was able to live life and grow up and marry and has a little boy who grew up to help Julia. Flash forward to the present time Julia (the other main character in the novel,). . She is a writer for a French magazine. Julia is given the task of  writing an article about the Vel D'Hiv, and finds herself going above and beyond the project she finds herself going around the world from France to America to Italy just to figure out what happened to Sarah Starsyki and the Vel de Hiv .Julia has seem to come attached to the case of Sarah Starsyski so she sets of to research the child finding out she was a Jewish girl who ran away from the camps only to walk for miles to find herself in the family of Jules and Genève's defaure  that soon led to them adopting Sarah although growing up loved and appreciated but Sarah had always felt sad inside thinking that she was the one who killed her brother all the those years ago so she committed suicide, Leaving behind her husband and son.  The story of Sarah's key is about 2 different stories one takes place in 1942 July in Paris France .10 year old Sarah starsyski is forced out of the house by the French police to a concentration camps during the holocaust times. In the other side of the story its 2002 may Paris France Julia an American living in France with her family who works as a French journalist is looking for a story for the memorial of the Vel'De Hive. Will Sarah escape the clutches of the holocaust nightmare? Will Julia find her story? Will they're story's collide?  The story of Sarah's key is that when a story is told. It is never forgotten it is made a greater success to know in life for future generations to come. Now life has hardships and many trilogies but we must look at the positive part because not everyone has a happy ending but we all live a happier life knowing the greatest story of our life, is actually our lives. I would recommend the book Sarah's key because of it's amazing suspense, the drama between two characters in different time periods, and once you read it I will tell you it's very hard to put it down
B0013ND30M|5.0|I was very impressed wit this order. I received the DVD before the estimated days. And it works perfectly and  was in very good condition when i got it.
B006C45MRE|5.0|I really liked the film. I wasn't sure I would based on some of the reviews but I did. It has good western aspects with a sci-fi twist. Good acting, good direction, great action, and great special effects. This has some of the best evil aliens ever.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love the variety of versions available, reading plans and devotions.  I am being a lot more regular in my reading habits with the ease of using this app.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|nothing special. games are ok... it's free so I cant complain. ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok
B0054JZC6E|4.0|.. then play the easiest high paying ones to gain points and unlock games.. have fun on the way.. they're all fun once you realize they didn't make it impossible afterall
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it's really fun and there are a lot of game choices. you're bound to find a game that will work for you and then you can unlock new games.
B0063IH60K|5.0|good game like playing it when I have down time. also like the fact you can undo certain moves. cool
B001DXS4E2|5.0|Perhaps it is a nod to my advanced age (I actually know WHO Fred Astaire was) or perhaps it was the sheer delight of the many Irving Berlin songs, but for me this is the definitive version for the perhaps too familiar song, White Christmas.<br /><br />This is a 3 disc set, whichincludes a section devoted to why and how the producers have managed to reissue this film in color (a far more interesting demonstration than I would have thought likely) - and it explains why the color choices are not just justified but virtually seamless. It will be hard to watch the film in B&W now, although the 2nd disc is in B&W  for the purists who order this set.<br /><br />The story, which differs considerably from the 50's remake is for me, another asset. For one thing, the storyline reverses alot of routine character types. And, both Astaire and Crosby play outside their usual \\"types\\" - Astair as a roguish cad, flippant and slick, and no one could improve on his sloshed dandy on the dance floor at Holiday Inn; while Crosby is the sensitive loser, a very sympathetic sort of woeful shlump who can never keep the girl! Both leads just shine in this unexpected twist in character.<br /><br />And it is this understated performance (paired so teasingly with Astaire chewing the scenery every chance he gets) that makes Crosby's almost solemn rendition of White Christmas at the piano, fireplace roaring behind, bells dinged at the right moment with his pipe, voices intimate and poignantly blended with that of his new love, that makes the standard version of the song almost crude by comparison.<br /><br />Yes, there is smaltz galore, and it is not properly a \\"Christmas\\" movie, but who cares? If you have songs by Berlin such as \\"You're Easy to Dance With\\" and \\"Happy Holiday\\" and the stunning, \\"Be Careful, It's my Heart,\\" well, don't be a churl; sit back and revel in this lovely film.<br /><br />If that isn't enough, the producers added a music disc to accompany the dvd's - so enjoy, and just try not to tear up when you hear Crosby and the female voice create such an endearing counterpart to each other.male voice create such an endearing counterpart to each other.
0060873027|3.0|This late Michael Crichton thriller has a very good start but tails off to an unsatisfactory conclusion. As a whole it is not up to the standard of the authors previous novels. The book is well made and has a bright dust cover so I recommend it to fans but not for those who have never read this authors earlier works
B0054JZC6E|5.0|chocked full of goodness. tons of fun to be had, worth the download. it gets more addicting every time. get it
B0054JZC6E|3.0|so this game will give your tablet a workout..swiping tapping.etc. games are straightforward dexterity and.reflexes. not too brain.stuff but still entertaining.  big zzz!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|All the functions work together seamlessly. great for looking up verses in multiple versions. The reading plans are my favorite, though. Excellent selection of plans to keep me on track. And I love the ability to bookmark and write notes and then to have these sync to the cloud. I was actually using the notes function as a type of journal for a while. I would encourage them to build out true journal, prayer list and accountability sharing functions so that it could be a total one stop shop.
B003YL4LYI|1.0|This isn't going to be a detailed or well written review.  This book is loooooong and boooooring.  I have taken to just reading the first sentence of each paragraph, and it is still really slow!
B004EFYZ1C|4.0|app says waning but should be waxing.  otherwise cool app. I don't think I would ever pay for an app like this.  thanks amazon
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is a very joyful game I'm sure you will enjoy it as much as I did the games are amazing
B0063IH60K|4.0|Good game as a time waster. Can't complain about the cost! !!  Like the various options it gives you. Can get very addicting!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great app. the games are great and it was worth downloading. games should give more points when they are won.
B001GCUNYO|5.0|The next time your little darlings wants to travel for Spring Break sit their little tokhes down to watch this movie, then have them write a 5 page report on human trafficking and guaranteed they will not want to leave their rooms until they are 30. You, as a parent, might not sleep for the next 20 years, but certainly, you will see the world from a different more paranoid perspective and will hold on to those little honeys with all your fingers and all your claws.<br /><br />Liam Neeson plays Bryan Mills a retired CIA agent that has recently retired and moved to Los Angeles in hopes of building a better relationship with his daughter. Ex-wife and daughter ambush and guilt Bryan into signing the papers that will allow their daughter to leave the country and soon Kim and her friend Amanda are jetting off to Paris only to be befriended by an Albanian gang of human traffickers.<br /><br />The intensity is nonstop and the perils that both Bryan and his daughter have to face leave your heart and stomach somewhere in the middle of your throat.<br /><br />This movie is not for the squeamish. There are brutal fight scenes and the subject matter might be too much for some to handle, but over all, this is a very good movie. Liam Neeson does a remarkable job in portraying both the professionally trained killer and the deeply loving and scared father.<br /><br />This is a movie not to be missed.
