0064400557|4.0|This is a good book to read aloud to children. The story teaches about friendship and self worth.  When Charlotte and Wilbur become friends, Wilbur learns that he is special.
630463949X|5.0|I have a new high end home theater system and this was the first music video I purchased. The sound quality is awesome when you turn up the volume. The video is razor sharp, except when the camera pans fast accross  the stage. It's great to see this band up close. You will really appreciate  the musicianship of Lindsey Buckingham on lead guitar. Also, Mick Fleetwood  on drums, is clearly enjoying performing, sounds great and he's fun to  watch! My father-in-law, who hates rock sat down when I put this on and  watched the entire DVD. He loved it. Definately worth owning, you won't be  dissapointed.
B000000OSO|5.0|this is a quality aerosmith record. let's review tha facts. yeah their r 3 ballads. but these r not like &quot;i dont'want 2 miss athing&quot;. these r AErosmith ballads. penned by aerosmith. Amazing is truely one of the best  rock songs ever. the lyrics r inovative and the guitar solo at the end is  one of the best joe perry solos on a record. the hard hitting songs like  get a grip, eat the rich, fever, flesh, (joe's) walk on down, shut up and  dance r great. then they r the 2best. 'livin on the edge' and 'gotta love  it'. these have great lyrics and awesome guitar work. every one this is a  good album. just got overshawed by success. (if that makes sense.)  aerosmiths last 3 albums(pump, get a grip and nine lives) are sweet  records. and so is everything else they did. so go pick this cd up.
B00000DCWQ|5.0|MY TITLE FOR THIS REVIEW SOUNDS FUNNY I'M SURE. HOWEVER, TO THOSE WHO HAVE HEARD THIS ALBUM ON GOLD DISC (OR NOT) KNOW IT'S TRUE. THE GOLD DISC ADDS ONLY TO THE SOUND QUALITY , THE ORIGINAL QUALITY OF THE ALBUM SPEAKS FOR  ITSELF. TULL IS CERTAINLY A MUSICAL TASTE AQUIRED (MUCH LIKE A GOOD  BOURBON) AND LIKE THAT BOURBON THIS ALBUM DOES NOT HAVE ENOUGH O'S IN  SMOOOOOTH. WHEN THIS ALBUM WAS RELEASED IT CONTAINED A LOT OF THE SAME TULL  THEME BUT THE MUSIC WAS A BIT OF A DEPARTURE FROM PREVIOUS ALBUMS. (AGAIN ,  AN AQUIRED TASTE). IT HAS ALWAYS TASTED JUST FINE TO ME. IF YOU PURCHASE  THIS DISC AND LIKE IT , YOU SHOULD IMMEDIATELY RETURN TO AMAZON AND ORDER  &quot; HEAVY HORSES&quot;. THIS ALBUM IS OF THE SAME VEIN AND JUST AS GOOD  AN EFFORT. IF YOU BELIEVE YOURSELF TO BE A PERSON WHO LIKES THE FINER  THINGS IN LIFE , ORDER BOTH THESE DISCS NOW .... YOU WILL NOT BE  SORRY.....AND WHILE YOUR LISTENING YOU CAN DRINK THAT FINE BOURBON FROM THE  CUP OF WONDER!
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you like Metallica, you will love this recording.  The combination of Metallica and the San Francisco Orchestra is innovative and powerful.  It really is a showcase for the band's talent.  I am a big Metallica fan and  this is without a doubt one of their finest ventures.
B00002Z88D|5.0|These two cds are fantastic! they are great recordings and sound great with the symphony. A great way to breathe the life back into all your old favorites. Highly Recommended! Ca
630305904X|5.0|The most aesthetically beautiful film, frame-to-frame, in memory.  The color palette is scrumptuous, and the ultimate dessert of the senses.  The story is co-relatively mind-taking, and a delight for all those who place no  limits on human experience and imagined possibilities.  Mattiene-Arienne Moustakas, DesignMattiene, Syracuse New York
B0000067X1|5.0|This is Can at its most shamanistic and arguably prophetic. <br />Jaki's beats in the perfect Can song, &quot;Mushroom&quot; (though best heard on Cannibalism 1-the fadeout isn't muted,) resembles hip-hop, along with  &quot;Hallewah&quot; sounding much akin to jungle techno. And this is circa  1971!<br />In this album along with &quot;Bambaysi&quot; is where the band  sounds like no other and seems to hail more from the early 00's than the  early 70's. Although &quot;Paperhouse&quot; and &quot;Coffee or Tea&quot;  are too Floydian for my tastes, the Stockhausen roil of &quot;Amungn&quot;  and Damo's dadaist scat on &quot;Peking O&quot; always startle and  amaze.<br />In general, Tago Mago is a document of how well a musical  collective can prosper.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I think the secret track is great. It is the best thing on there. When mark and the signer in the misfits team up. yeah
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis really turned me on with her music of sensual sounds for the season.  A+++
B00000J7JO|5.0|THE NEW CHILI PEPPERS ALBUM IS BANGIN'! SCAR TISSUE IS ALREADY A CLASSIC, AND AROUND THE WORLD IS WORKING ON IT. THESE ARE SOME SERIOUS HITS! I'M A CHILI PEPPER FAN FOR LIFE!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis really turned me on with her music of sensual sounds for the season.  A+++
B00000JGHL|4.0|In the first sight, this was boring. It seemed to have no flashing, no surprising but an adventurous investigation on a small uncovered trade of politicians and gangsters by a chick deputy mayor(John Cusack),a Boy of the  Mayor(Pacino) with a legal co-cousel(Fonda) belonged to detective endowment  association who is to protect a cop's widow from the power's Influence to  cover corruption that was made by the same politicians and gangsters that  I've mentioned earlier . But as I saw it over N over, I found out that it  has a complexed-systematic plot that is Enough to attract my eyes, and  above all I think the casting is wonderful,which Expresses the characters  that is friendly and lovely but very grave and realistic in the right  place.  For the lack of words, Pacino's perfom was really at his best. This  film is not a show but a part of our life that's well cut.So a little  boring and not surprising just like action movies do but as calm as a river  flows.However as you see it over, it is going to become interesting and  some day remain as a touching human drama in your heart.
6305627401|1.0|Being a South Park fan, I was thoroughly disappointed by this movie.  Less brain, more cussing.  Way too much singing.  I never thought I'd say this, but I was looking forward to the movie ending.
B00001OH82|4.0|It is not a must-have album but worth to listen to. There are no outstanding tracks (except, maybe, 1st &amp; 3rd), but overall impression is rather good. David acts Iggish!
B000002H2H|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM CREATED OF ALL TIME.  I BOUGHT THIS ALBUM AFTER I GAVE LOAD AWAY TO MY FRIEND, I ALREADY HAD ...AND JUSTICE FOR ALL BUT I ALSO SOLD THAT TO MY FRIEND BECAUSE I THOUGHT IT WAS WAY TO COMPLICATED,  AND IT IS.  THIS WAS MY FIRST BUY INTO METALLICA BECAUSE LOAD AND JUSTICE  WERE GIVEN TO ME.  THIS FOR THE LONGEST OF TIME WAS THE ONLY ALBUM I HAD IN  MY COLLECTION IT WAS THE BEST STUFF I HEARD AT THE TIME, AFTER NOW WITH MY  200+ COLLECTION OF ALL METAL IT IS STILL THE BEST METAL CD EVER!  WHAT THEY  DID HERE WAS FURTHER FUSE PUNK AND METAL NWOBHM AND GOT MORE INTRICATE,  MELODIC AND TECHNICAL. EVERY SONG ON HERE HAS MEANING TO ME, UP UNTIL THE  &quot;BLACK&quot; ALBUM METALLICA WAS A BAND WITH SO MUCH EMOTIONAL MEANING  AND TRUE INTRICACY, THEN THEY KINDA GOT OLD AND BORED WITH THRASH SO THEY  PLAY HARD ROCK NOW.  THE SYMPHONY THING NOW IS ALRIGHT, BUT MOST OF US  CRAVE THE METALLICA OF THE PAST WHICH WAS ABOUT MEANING, INTRICACY,  MELODICISM AND HEAVYNESS, EVERY OLD ALBUM BEING A LESSON IN THRASH, MAKING  THE BLUEPRINTS FOR TODAYS BANDS. MAYBE THATS WHY THEY STOPPED PLAYING  THRASH, DID METALLICA REALLY ACCOMPLISH EVERYTHING IN THRASH? I DOTN THINK  SO, SUCH TALENTED PLAYERS LIKE THAT CAN KEEP ON CREATING THRASH AND MAKING  IT SO MUCH BETTER.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica performs most of their great songs on this album and it surely sounds great. The band, along with the orchestra bring a new level of sound as everything fits in together to bring a new blend of good music.  Highlights on the album include Master of Puppets, No Leaf Clover, One,  Battery, and Call of the Ktulu. Since a good chunk of metallica fans were  unsatisfied with everything produced after the black album, I wont say this  album is for every metallica fan. But those of you that have stuck by them  and appreciate them still, you wont be unsatisfied with this. But for those  that can only cling onto the speed metal, this orchestra isnt going to do  much for you, refer back to your And Justice For All album and listen to  Dyers Eve. As for me, I look every album theyve produced, from Kill em All  to Reload, and I would say this album is worth every penny.
0688152023|5.0|I heard about this book several years ago, and never bought it.  Now I am sorry for my lapse.  It made me feel so strong and beautiful.  But even more so, my body felt fantastic when I was done.  It is wonderful to feel  how every muscle in my body works, and that is what this book did for me.   The exercises are challenging, but they made me feel great.  I highly  recommend it to anyone looking for a new and exciting way to tone their  body.
B000001DYY|5.0|What can I say?  This is my favorite album ever for so many reasons.  I think that the most important reason is that ELEMENTAL was the first album to ever really challenge me to think about the lyrics, and not just let  them pour over me.  There is a depth in these songs that, I believe, is  unparalleled by any other songwriter in the business today.  Roland is  never afraid to give to the listener his innermost thoughts and feelings,  and this fearless-ness is especially present in the personal lyrics that  color this album.  Yes, it is true, many critics of TFF find Roland Orzabal  pretentious and egotistical in his lyricism.  But I think they are missing  the point.  He doesn't write for an audience.  He writes of himself, to  cleanse himself.  Roland's combination of incredible vocals, personal  lyrics, lush and moving arrangements, and pristine production are always  volatile... but on ELEMENTAL, the songs smolder with life and ambtion.  The  liner sleeve of the album is done in a flame motif... and even that is  perfect!  The vocals and music almost seem to communicate in flames.  An  orange crackle of a guitar in the title track.  The searing red of Roland's  soaring voice on &quot;Dog's a Best Friend's Dog.&quot;  A flourish of  yellow in the midst of &quot;Break It Down Again&quot;'s melody only to be  resolved in the deep embers of &quot;Mr. Pessimist.&quot;  And, let us not  forget  the occasional emblazened lick of Roland's lyrics about his former  musical partner, Curt (most notably, &quot;Fish Out of Water&quot;).  From  start to finish... you can feel the heat rising off of this album.   ELEMENTAL also has the rare ability to stand up over time the way too few  albums do.  I listened to this album everyday for a whole summer in 1993.   I never grew tired of  hearing it, and I still find myself enlivened by the  sheer emotional force of this album.  Yes, it can be said that not every  song on this album could be played on the radio - but I believe thatat  least 6 of the 10 tracks could have been selected as singles.  I omit the  other 4 tracks, not because they are lacking in quality, but more because  their arrangements and lengths would not be compatible with the radio  format.  Every song here is a winner, and I am sure that everyone must  admit, that is rare to find in an album by any artist these days.  Please,  do yourself a favor and listen to ELEMENTAL for yourself.  I think it might  be one of the best things that's ever happened to me.
B000002P6R|2.0|The four new songs on the soundtrack to the film _Quadrophenia_ foreshadowed what this album would sound like--light and poppish and nothing to do with the ambitious thunder of old.  &quot;You Better, You  Bet&quot; is charming, and &quot;Another Tricky Day&quot; sounds like it  could have fitted in on _Odds and Sods_, alongside &quot;Long Live  Rock&quot;.  The rest of it is just forgettable.  It isn't Kenny Jones'  fault; Pete's heart just wasn't in it anymore.  Though maybe it would have  been wiser to hire drummers on a song-by-song basis, like the Stones have  done to replace Bill Wyman.  Townshend should have foisted a _Scoop_ album  on Atco to fulfill his contract with them, and saved _Empty Glass_ to  combine with the best bits of _Faces Dances_.  Definitely not the place for  the new Who fan to start.
B000002L9M|5.0|In my opinion, when Depeche Mode created BLACK CELEBRATION, they created the framework for modern music.  It is simple... there would be no Nine Inch Nails, Garbage, Radiohead, or modern (post-apocalyptic?) music without  this brilliant album. With the trilogy of BLACK CELEBRATION, MUSIC FOR THE  MASSES, and VIOLATOR in the late 80's, Depeche Mode reached their creative  peak and changed the face of music forever.  Ground breaking, soulful,  passionate, beautiful, barren, desperate, desolate... these are all words  to define this strikingly original and daring album. It's songs define a  decade and a generation.  It's singles (&quot;A ? of Time,&quot; &quot;A ?  of Lust,&quot; and &quot;Stripped.&quot;) demonstrate the range this band  is capable of.  And various standout album cuts (&quot;Black  Celebration,&quot; &quot;Fly on the Windscreen,&quot; &quot;Here is the  House,&quot; and &quot;But Not Tonight&quot;) further exemplify the  moodiness that this band is legendary for. But do not let the  uncompromising nature of this music frighten you away from it.  Yes, its  production and content were very experimental for the time (but these days,  maybe not quite so shocking - thanks Marilyn), but its themes, lyrics, and  moods are universal.  15 years later, this album sounds comfortably dated  (but not cheesy, by any means!), yet fresh to the ear... an album as  harrowing and honest has not been made since.   If you have ever thought of  checking out Depeche Mode, try BLACK CELEBRATION.  Feel Martin's heartfelt  lyrics, David's silky-powerful vocals, and Alan's brilliant arrangements at  their best.  Let them take you away... it will be one of the greatest joys  of your life.  Martin said it best in the lyrics to the song, &quot;Here is  the House&quot;: &quot;With or Without words, I'll confide  everything...&quot;  He will.  BLACK CELEBRATION does.
B000000OU4|4.0|Once again pat &amp; lyle create a collection of sounds for every occasion and emotion. If you know pat and lyle then you don't need telling that this cd is tops. I just wished I lived here too. Performing in London a few  years ago the crowd were treated to an extended version of we live here and  are u going with me. Two great PM classics. Play this album and realise the  meaning of life!
0790736942|5.0|terrifies me to this day.  It was a good movie but the subject matter is very disturbing.  Linda Blair did a great job but the image of how she looked haunts me to this day.  I will never watch that movie again (at  least not alone).  My dad on the other hand loves it and it doesn't scare  him in the least.  But a great movie if you are in for a good scare.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Not only are the versions of the hits very different, and very much improved, (take Head Over Feet for example, Alanis even adds some more words), but the unreleased songs are great as well. No Pressure Over  Cappuccino will make you cry, and the King of Pain cover will make you want  more. There's a stunning Eastern version of Univited at the end and the  album opens with a version of You Learn that can't keep you from smiling.  And you won't be able to stop smiling long after you finish this album.
B000002GI0|5.0|&quot;slow turning&quot; is easily one of my favorite cds. the whole cd is great.  it fits perfectly with shawn colvin's &quot;fat city&quot; and sarah mclachlan's &quot;fumbling toward&quot; as 90's records you can never  tire of, whether you're driving, working, or relaxing.  although my  favorite song of his, the earlier &quot;riding with the king&quot;, is not  on this, i still give this cd the highest praise because there are no bad  tracks. a rarity.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This CD is great.  It includes some of the best songs from Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie and Jagged Little Pill.  Her rendition of &quot;King of Pain&quot; is so good...it is a song perfectly fit to Alanis's musical  style.  If you liked Jagged... but didnt get Supposed Former..., you should  pick up this CD because it will blow you away!  It is truly a wonderful  Unplugged album.  Five stars all the way!
B00002MZ12|5.0|After getting my copy of this cd from the counter in my local music store, I hurriedly opened it and accidentally cracked the jewel case. That doesn't matter though because what matters is the cd itself. ANOTHER STROKE OF  BRILLIANCE HERE from Alanis. At first I thought it was quite too early for  her to release an unplugged album. But, boy was I proven wrong when I heard  the 12 tracks, all of which are EXCELLLENT! The best one though would have  to be &quot;NO PRESSURE OVER CAPPUCCINO.&quot; Her voice was overwhelmingly  magnificent. Kudos to the band too for the superb accoustic-like sound. And  lastly to the person from Amazon.com who reviewed this album - have you  cleaned your ears lately? Just a thought... go and buy this one NOW!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Once again Alanis gives us out her best thing: Her Voice. the songs picked out for this CD gives you a soft fuzzy feeling and Alanis's voice blends with the unplugged tools very well. Alanis sings even her most raging song  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; with such softness, free from screaming the  lyrics so everyone knows what she's talking about. but then again,who  doesnt know the lyrics to this 90's classic? the CD includes all the  reguler hits, from the Jagged Little Pill and the Junky CD's and maybe her  best song yer: Uninvited. it aslo contains 5 unrealsed songs that didnt  make it to the CD's. they may not be the best thing there,but they r Alanis  songs, and that says it all
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes is one of the best books I have ever read.  I alternated between crying and laughing out loud.  Frank McCourt's use of language is instrumental to the story.  Rarely does a book &quot;read&quot; like it is  meant to &quot;sound,&quot; but McCourt practically had me speaking with a  Limerick accent by the time I was finished reading.<br />McCourt's ability to  speak the truth from a young boy's perspective is also uncanny.  We are as  bewildered as he by the hypocrisy shown by childhood authority figures, the  education system, and the Church.  The beauty though, is in his ability to  get past it all.  Angela's Ashes is ultimately a story of  survival.<br />Parents of young children beware.  The first 100 pages are  heart wrenching.  I caught myself checking on my children during the middle  of the night and thanking God for antibiotics.
B000020617|4.0|allthough it is a much quieter album than the others it is still worth buying if you like the foo's.  Breakout,generator,learn to fly and MIA are some of the best on the CD.
B00000JJQK|5.0|The perfect blend of hope and sorrow.  This is not a joyful record but one that strikes a deeper chord than I could've ever imagined.  There has never been an equal to the harmony of the Beach Boys.  This record does not let  you leave without pondering life's greatest moments and ultimate let downs.   If you want to experience a journey of musical revelation, please check  this one out.  My favorite record of all time.  Complicatedly beautiful!
6305609691|5.0|Outrageous. The DVD version includes an amazing 5.1 remix of the oscar winning soundtrack.  Helicopters whiz by, The Doors sound amazing.  Top-notch sound.  The wide screen image is clean and crisp with very little  digital reminants.  This proves that &quot;older&quot; titles can be   updated for today's technology. Bravo American Zoetrope.<br />Bonus  &quot;Alternate Ending&quot; is included-- although a NEW voice over  commentary by Coppola insists that it was never intended to be an actual  ending--rather they had to destroy the set in the Phillipines, so they shot  it anyway.<br />This is a must for all movie fans. A must for DVD fans.
B000031XCR|1.0|Why are so many of her songs frenetic -- making one feel like needing a tranquilizer?  She truly excels in the slower, with-more-feeling songs.  That is why I bought the album (thinking most of the songs would be of that  type).  When I listen to THIS tape, I program the player to accept only All  The Way (love it!), My Heart Will Go On, and Beauty and the Beast.  All the  others make me nervous when I'm using it as background music.
6300267997|5.0|Kris K is most sexy in this movie and together with Barbra, they make a wonderful duo.  I watch it over and over and over.
0380973464|5.0|The first thing I should point out is that this book may not quite count as SF. It takes place in two timelines: one during World War II, and one in the present day, dealing with a tech start-up. There's no alternate  history, no science fictional technology, and only a few small things that  might possibly be considered fantasy. But I'm not interested in discussing  genre classifications; I'm interested in recommending good books -- and  Cryptonomicon is a good book. While Snow Crash was a hell of a book,  Cryptonomicon is in every way its better. The characters are more  interesting, the settings more believable (though, perhaps, slightly less  frenetically fun), and the plot far more coherent. For the first time,  Stephenson actually has managed to end a book with as much as gusto as he  begins it. Don't be alarmed by the monolithic 900-odd pages of this book,  though. Yes, it deals with two whole casts of characters; yes, it has a lot  of irrelevant (and endlessly amusing) diversions; and yes, it even has  mathematical equations in it. For all that, it's first and foremost a book  that will make the reader laugh more often than furrow his brow. (And to  those who have been bothered by the notorious inaccuracies fiction writers  introduce when writing about computers, here's your salvation. Stephenson  gets all the geeky little details correct.)
0060926317|5.0|I'm glad to see that most of the reviews are in favor of this book. Maybe it means that we &quot;mutants&quot; still have some hope in improving our environment and saving our future. <br />I am always depressed with the way  this world operates, and dream about a living style portrated in this book.  I don't know if this book is fact or fiction, but I do hope that it's a  true story, for knowing that there is a group of people on earth who can  really lead a life so simple, honest and fulfilling gives me the courage to  pursue a similar life of my own. <br />I don't quite understand why some  people think this book is an exploitation of aboriginals. I could only wish  that I were a member of this tribe. I would be very proud of it! I think  being called &quot;mutant&quot; hurts some people's self-esteem, but if we  don't face our true selves, things will never get better. I think these  people are part of the challenges facing us, and I appreciate them for  giving me this opportunity to test myself.<br />No matter if the story is true  or fabricated, I think what really matters is if the information delivered  helps. And it does! I hope that everyone can have a chance to read this  book, and, try to live out the messages for a while before making judgment.
B00000JXZ7|5.0|Although I am not familiar enough with any of these works to say it is the &quot;best&quot; recording of them, I found them compelling.  The sound on this (as the other Decca Legends I have heard so far) is extremely good and  the performances are wonderful.  Bruch's Scottish Fantasy turns out to be a  wonderful gem and a great addition to the others.
B000002HH2|5.0|My love for Bjork's voice began when I was in fifth grade and heard &quot;It's Oh So Quiet&quot; for the first time at a dance rehearsal.  I rediscovered her two years later when I began my collection of Bjork CD's  which is now at 15.  &quot;Post&quot;, my favorite, is a breath of fresh  air from the uncreative, trendy, shallow, too feel-good, or too angsty  sounds you hear on the radio nowadays.  Each song has a different tone,  emotion, and musical arrangement from the techno beat of  &quot;Hyperballad&quot; to the stark sounds and keyboards of &quot;Possibly  Maybe&quot; to the drum beat and screams in &quot;I Miss You.&quot;   Bjork's tireless voice is beautiful and full of energy- it growls, screams,  slides, whispers.  Her music cannot not be categorized- each song is a  different style and attitude.  I highly recommend her to anyone looking for  a change from the ordinary.  I guarantee you will become addicted- I am.
B000001GPX|5.0|Although musical tastes can, of course, differ, I believe this is one of the greatest recordings ever made.  The precision and tempo of each symphony is literally perfect.  There is not one note that sounds  &quot;wrong.&quot;  I was literally enthralled by these performances.  The  hype surrounding this recording may not do it enough justice.
B0000025RI|5.0|If you like any Pop music from the 90s or the 80s, such as people like Madonna, Britney Spears, and Christina Aguilera, you have got to have this album!  Its the best Pop Album that I know of, and perhaps the second best  record that I have ever listened to, only the Beatles' WHITE ALBUM  surpasses it. Beat It, The Girl Is Mine, Thriller and Billie Jean are the  most catchy Pop songs I have heard EVER. Do yourself a favor and buy this  CD!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I haven't heard the whole thing yet, but then again I don't need to. Its Metallica doing what Metallica wants to do regardless of what the small minded masses might think. Some people will say they sold out. People have  been saying that since Ride The Lighting came out. And I guess they are  right - to a point. As Jason points out they sell out every show, every  where, every time they play. Metallica rules, nuff said. And nothing else  matters! And I don't care if any finds this usefull.
6305627401|2.0|It's a funny movie... but I don't agree to the way that the producers are making fun of other races/ethnics and other actors and actresses . BEING RACIST is simply NOT FUNNY !
630245333X|3.0|Okay, I admit I was kinda grossed out by The Blob itself but the movie wasn't scary at all. It is a bit sad though (in my opinion). It did have some pretty good special effects for the 1980's (a magical year for many).  If you have a weak stomach, this movie IS NOT for you!
6305358613|2.0|I did not like this film at all. I think it is useless to comment about its hostorical incorrectness: the preceding reviews have been really exaustive. What I would like to talk about is the film's atmosphere. Too  dark. Renaissance times were not so gloomy.  esides, the movie bears no  trace of the literary outburts that England knew under Elizabeth. Were was  Philip Sydney? Were was Sir Walter Raleigh? It completely skipped  Elizabeth's interest in the New World: no trace of Francis Drake or  Humphrey Gilbert. Finally, there wasn't even the slightest hint to Mary  Stuart. The film director has made a really messy job with his material.  Elizabeth's qualities as one of the greatest monacrhs in history just are  not there. Watching the movie one gets the idea that her only  problem in  life was marriage, which is not true. A bad film, in spite of costumes and  good performers.
B00000IL1K|5.0|BRAVO!  Sarah Brightman has done it again!  &quot;Eden&quot; is a terrific CD with songs of different genres like classical, pop and so on. The first track &quot;In Paradisum&quot; sounds like a Gregorain Chant and  with the background music (sitar and orchestra) Sarah Brightman sounds  refreshing and beautiful. The song &quot;Eden&quot; is somehow pop-like and  it has some kind of chanting in its background... This clearly shows  Sarah's ability to sing pop music. Beside singing original songs written  for her, she also sing cover version of &quot;Dust In The Wind&quot;  (Kansas) and &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; (Celine Dion). Another of my  favourite is Track 15. And that's &quot;Nessun Dorma&quot; by famous  italian composer Puccini. &quot;The Last Word You Said&quot; is also  another wonderful song. It starts off with the beautiful sound of an oboe  and it continues with the clear and touching voice of Sarah Brightman and I  suppose this song is the most romantic song of all the songs in this CD.  All in all this is a great CD and it will be a great loss if you don't buy  it. To end my review I would like to say SARAH IS THE BEST! :-)
B00002Z88D|5.0|This new double live album is absolutely breathtaking. Over two hours of a sort of Metallica best hits collection with two new ones to boot, all live and backed by a huge symphony. The best cuts are Call Of Ktulu, Master of  Puppets, Fuel, No Leaf Clover, Nothing Else Matters, -Human, well, the  whole thing is good. Like that other reviewer (can't think of the name  right now) Master Of Puppets is done utterly perfectly. It seems to me that  Metallica stepped everything up many notches, playing with a lot of energy  and flawlessly. If you're new to the Metallica game, this would be a nice  start. And for those who love this kind of stuff, the Symphony doesn't make  them soft at all, actually it adds a lot of power and that is saying a lot.  Only complaints I have is that I wanted Unforgiven, and the sound sometimes  is kind of overwhelming and a lot seems to be lost with so much going on  with the band. Other than that small gripe, it's a masterpiece that should  definitely be in your collection. And look at the bright side, it ain't  John Tesh.
6305546797|5.0|This DVD is perfect.  No mistakes,beautifully organized, and a crystal sharp picture and amazing sound.  This has to be some of the best work ever for a 21 year old film.  Just when you thought i could not possibly get any  better it does.  The DVD is loaded with tons of extras including an  interview, trailers, picture gallery, biographies, tv/radio spots,  televison scenes, etc.  I can not explain in words how great this is  compared to other versions and just in general.  Add all that up and  compare it with an excellent film with suberb directing [John Carpenter],  writing [John Carpenter and Debra Hill] acting [Jamie Lee Curtis, Donald  Pleasence], and Cinematography [Dean Cundey] and you have got yourself a  fantastic package.
0805062971|5.0|C'est vraiment un excelent bouquin qu'il faut absolument lire si vous avez aim le film de David Fincher... Ca faisait longtemps qu'un livre avait aussi bien rendu le &quot;combat mental&quot; d'un homme d'aujourd'hui...  Chaque ligne de ce livre dcrit en fait ce combat acharn d'un homme  emprisonn par la socit: son boulot.......... Bref, c'est vraiment un bon  livre qui a t merveilleusement bien adapter au cin par un ralisateur de  talent.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I wasn't an avid Metallica listener until recently, but I must say this album blew me away.  Though there are some instances in which the group gives the lyrics away to the audience, those are the only flaws I can find in the album.  The balance between the band and the symphony is  unbelieveable.  Though the band covers up the symphony from time to time,  the amount of background symphony you can hear is impressive.  The parts  written for the symphony are extremely beautiful sounding.   If you love Metallica, this album is a Must
0380973464|5.0|It has been forever since I have read a book that I wanted to re-read and highlight nearly every page. Having grown up during the whole historical  period of WWII and having had an interest in both history and science, I am  astounded at his depth of knowledge. I am an ex-Marine and, at least at one  time, had an intimate knowledge of the weapons of war. He writes as one who  was there, although obviously he was not. His prose reminds me of a  brilliant guy I once knew who could sit with a glass of wine and just spin  out information punctuated humorously with irreverance and profanity that  was not offensive. The plot design of this book is at once complicated, yet  clear. The characters have outstanding facets, so much so that I think I  know them all. Bobby shaftoe is my favorite. In sum, this is a book that  will not get loaned out as I want to read it over again.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Is it my imagination, or does Metallica get better with every album?  Not only is this the best Metallica album of all, it's the best live album I've ever heard. Period.  These guys are masters. There's no one even remotely  like them.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i got this cd because i heard what's my age again, but every song on the cd is good.  There aren't many cd's you can put in the cd player, click repeat, and not get sick of, but this is one of them.  The best songs are  definitely wendy clear,adam's song, and don't leave me.  every song is  good, unlike dude ranch, where there were only a couple good ones.  The  whole cd is great, go buy it.
0767802470|5.0|This is by far the most intense and breathtaking WWII movie ever made.  Wolfgang Peterson makes you feel like you are in an actual U-boat with the realism and the awesome digitally enhanced sound.  If you have an awesome  digital surround sound system, this movie will bring your system to the  limit! Hint to reader: tune down your sub, because when you feel the first  depth charge, you might have to buy a new one.
B000002BPS|5.0|There are only TWO albums that never ever bore me in my entire life. One is 'Ride the Lightning' by Metallica and the other is this 'Ixnay On The Hombre'. These guys are genius!
6304806418|4.0|This version of Evita is the first I've seen, so I'm not qualified to pass too much judgement on this movie.  I enjoyed it; the music is what held the movie together.  Madonna and Antonio were brilliant.  I'd suggest seeing  the movie if you havn't seen the original plays.
B000002H33|5.0|This is the best album of the existence of Metallica. While not as fast as Kill 'em All, or as heavy as ...And Justice for All, This is a close second to both of them which puts it in the lead. A must have.
B00000FC5H|5.0|I love the music of EWF simply because of their smoothe sound that rings out love and togetherness. EWF has a way of making you feel good if you're in a bad mood... their music is so uplifting and revitelizing and there's  almost always a serious love message that the're expressing.   GO EARTH,  WIND, &amp; FIRE....FOREVER!
B00000DMJF|5.0|This album has few overdubs and was an attempt by the Beatles to get back to the basics.  This two disc set has been remastered.  The sound quality is excellent.  Lennon's Dear Prudence, Happiness Is A Warm Gun, and Cry  Baby Cry are my favorites.  Harrison's While My Guitar Gently Weeps(with  Eric Clapton)is also great rock.  I received the Lp for Christmas in 1968  and still have a copy on vinyl.  This is one of the classic albums in rock  history and belongs in every rock collection.
0446525537|1.0|I cannot believe so many people out there are sappy enough to give this book five stars!  I read The Notebook, which was very predictable but sort of enjoyable.  Then I read Message in a Bottle, which was not quite so  predictable but seemed very contrived.  Then I read A Walk to Remember.  I  have been writing fiction, mostly for my own enjoyment, for most of my life  but have never been published.  If I had known this was all it takes to get  published, let alone write a bestseller, I would be rolling in money by  now.  A Walk to Remember is the most revolting attempt at fiction I have  ever read.  An eight-year-old could have written something more  entertaining.  Mr. Sparks must be writing either for children or dullards.  To say the ending was entirely predictable is an understatement of the  largest magnitude.  No more Sparks books for me (and I'll bet he's laughing  all the way to the bank!).  By the way, I think Amazon should offer a  rating of 0 stars, because one star is too good for this one.
B0000025HU|5.0|Check any listing of rock's greatest albums of all time, and London Calling is always top twenty, usually top ten.  With its heavy punk base, reggae and blues influences, it's the Clash on the cusp of being discovered  by the wider world outside of punkdom, indeed it was the hidden track  &quot;Train in Vain&quot; that launched the Clash in the USA.  If you're  buying into the Clash for the first time, this is the album to do it with.  Enjoy.
B0000029DD|5.0|The most beautiful album of the decade. Period
B00002Z88D|1.0|Metallica, where are you? If you love And Justice for All, Ride the Lightining, etc., STAY AWAY OF THIS RECORD! What's next? Metallica and Back Street Boys?
0345409671|5.0|I have read all of Anne Rice's books, and this is by far her absolute best.  I was very disappointed to see readers rate this book so poorly.  They obviuously miss the point. This book transports readers to places  rarely written about.  And with Anne's wonderful vivid detail, it is truly  a delight.  A highly thought provoking novel.  I highly reccomend it!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I listened to a sample of S &amp; M and then instantly got caught up with it. The music seemed to sound so deep and full of volume. It is an essential for any METALLICA OR CLASSICAL Fan it shows what 2 worlds caan do  when they put their minds to it. METALLICA's 2 new songs also breath a  breath of fresh air into the music almost hinting that soon Metallica might  come up with a new recorded album. The music moves through the bands 18  year history and further. IT IS A MUST. IT SHOULD BE ON THE TOP OF  EVERYBODY'S LIST
B00000J7S8|5.0|I would recommend all of Diana Krall's CDs to anyone who loves jazz or is interested in jazz.  She is a tremendous talent, a wonderful pianist, and has a voice that one reviewer described as &quot;wild honey with a spoon of  scotch.&quot;  I could not have described her great voice better!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is in my opinion one of the bests live albums i've ever heard from Metallica. They defenatly know how to make a great show, their playing is so good, the way they get the crowd to participate is so cool and the  symbiosis that the heavy playing along with the symphonic playing makes the  music not only really interesting to listen but yet really powerfull  intense and deep. <br /> Congratulations for the idea guys ! <br />                     JC
B000001EGA|5.0|To explain the popularity of this album, I have to take you back to 1975. It was the first record ever to debut at number 1 - that was the degree of Elton John's fame. My friends and I went to the largest record store in our  city, and the store had Captain Fantastic records literally wall to wall.  The rest of the store's records were shoved in another section, or simply  put away. It was like that at the store all week long. Every rack, every  row, every poster was Captain Fantastic. The album didn't disappoint,  though only &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; became a hit. Today  that beautiful song is seldom played on radio due to it's length - around  seven minutes. That's a great song though, as they all are in their own  way. Great combination of fast songs and ballads all to the theme of  Captain Fantastic's musical relationship with The Brown Dirt Cowboy.  Musical genius was born.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Remember feeling anxious because alanis was not releasing any new stuff? Finally the wait is over, and a new Alanis CD is out. It's a very good record, excellent actually. Perfect to hear it when you're driving in the  car, or relaxing at home.  The songs have this very jazzy feel to them,  especially &quot;you learn&quot; and &quot;Princess Familiar.&quot; There  are moments when Alanis makes you feel the music and the lyrics in songs  like, &quot;No pressure over Cappuccino&quot; a very beautiful, heartfelt  song.  Alanis really outdoes herself, she feels fresh and her voice is very  satisfying to the ears. Listen to &quot;that I would be good&quot; and  you'll be converted. Certainly perfect.
B00000JPHD|4.0|When you've seen 'Dracula', take the trouble of also seeing 'Ed Wood'. You'll never forget the role of Lugosi in Dracula and the magnificent role of Martin Landau (10 stars!) in 'Ed Wood'. Through Landau the person and  the magic of Lugosi really comes to life. And as for the Glass-music: being  a fan of him since way back, I stopped very soon trying to persuade people  of the beauty of his music. And hey, Philip Glass too can't always compose  masterpieces! One lesser piece makes you appreciate the beautiful ones even  more.
044022165X|5.0|Has John Grisham decided to give a weather forecast instead of writing fascinating fiction law stories?  Fat chance.  In fact, John Grisham's Rainmaker has hit the bookstores like a storm.  Since the Firm, no one  thought another book would top it, but the Rainmaker was very successful in  doing so.  The book gives a setting of a typical Memphis and a young  inexperienced lawyer that is faced with normal minor cases.  However, as  the book progresses, the adolescent lawyer is faced with a case that not  only puts his job at risk but his life as well.<br /> John Grisham has,  once again, brought the whole courtroom to life.  He has captured his fans  and other readers by constantly firing suspense into the story.  Those that  are big supporters of fiction books dealing with law will fall in love with  this book after the first page.  In addition, John Grisham has added a  slight touch of humor to spice up the book.<br /> The characters in his  novel are well developed.  Although the characters are somewhat strange and  unpredictable in their actions, they are rather entertaining, colorful, and  ornamented.  The characters all play in a part to create a fascinating and  complex plot that will keep the readers up for hours.<br /> The plot is  well structured with a solid base and an exciting climax.  This young  average lawyer with a basic life has found himself fighting against a whole  professional corporate defense team in this simple insurance dispute.  At  least, he thought it was just a simple insurance dispute, but it had turn  out to be the case of his life.  He had found himself caught up in a middle  of a storm filled with lies.  The case had turned into a test that would  cost the 100% attention and effort of the lawyer in order to overcome.  If  he fails, all he had to lose was his life.  This book was definitely worth  reading, and it should be considered a classic in the future.
B000031XCR|4.0|this album truly deserves its tremendous success since the artist has once again touched everybody's hearts especially by her soulwarming thats the way it is.it is sweet,simple but extraordinarily novel to hear.heres  someone wishing celine all the best and urging all musiclovers to go in for  the cd!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This album is really good. When I first listened to it, I thought it was somehow a sellout, as somebody already said. But after a few months I just think it's great. Pretty Fly is probably the worst song on the album,as it  gets really annoying, but the other ones are marvellous. The Kids aren't  alright is my momentanous favourite, but i also admire Pay the man because  it's completely different and very deep (for those who haven't noticed:  it's actually about (an evil) God). It alwaays relaxes me to listen to good  music, and this good music ( I forgive them pretty Fly)
B00002MZ2C|5.0|to all of you who think you are ratm fans, and don't like battle of la. you dont like real music. the album is amazing. i saw them perform some of the new songs at the cochella music fest, and was excelent. but dont take  my word for it,i've only seen them 8 times. the new stuff is just as good,  if not better than the previous albums. buy the album, it will infect you  thoughts and make you want to hear it more.
B00000JJQK|5.0|Certainly the highlight of the Beach Boys career (and one of the highlights of pop/rock).  Though (in my opinion) surpassed within a year by The Beatles' Sgt. Pepper, Pet Sounds offers a glimpse into the mind of an  enormously gifted songwriter/arranger/musician, etc.  Too bad he went  playing in his sandbox for about 15 years after this release...we'll never  know what else was being conjured up in Brian Wilson's mind.
B000023VR6|5.0|Another Great Musicaly Masterpiece from Dr. (I'm Am MotherF**king) Dre. Now I'm not much for Rap, but this is one of those CDs that grab you in no matter what music you listen too. (Kinda Like The first one. Remember?)  Although It is cluttered with guest stars Dre never leaves center stage.  All the Songs are not tipical large bass driven beats. It is more of a  string focased softer recording. Excellent all the way around. BUY IT! LIVE  IT! NOW!
B000023VR6|5.0|I thought that nothing could equal the Chronic, and since 1992 nothing has been close to that masterpiece. Chronic 2001 is in fact not only a great piece of art, but in my opinion, it's better than it sibling. With vocals  by Xzibit, Snoop, Eminem, Hittman, Kurupt, Nate Dogg, and J Blige, Chronic  2001 is what fans all over the world have been waiting for years. This is a  mature Dre at his best. Chronic 2001 is a classic, we'll be hearing from it  in the decades to come. It's simply XXplosive.<br />Late!
0446525537|5.0|&quot;&quot;A Walk To Remember&quot;&quot; by Nicholas Sparks is one of the most compassionate novels I have read in a long time.  I thought his other novel &quot;&quot;The Notebook&quot;&quot; was heartwarming, but this  one made me cry -- not only because it had sadness in it, but because in  this day and age it is so wonderful to read (even if only fiction) that  there really could be people like this in the world today.  I don't know  how Mr. Sparks does it, but I can't wait for his next book.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I love her poetic and deep thoughts. I like to pick the songs apart and empathize with her. I always find something new in them. She's great.
B000002VSN|4.0|This is Whitney's well-deserved attempt to try and make an album that is everything - Gospel, R&amp;B, Adult Contemporary, and CHRISTMAS!  And unexpectedly, she succeeds.  Somehow, the CD manages to stay coherent and  purposeful even with these mish-mashed together.  Perhaps it is because  even the Adult Contemporary are still &quot;spiritually&quot; inspiring,  and the Christmas songs seem to flow well with the Gospel songs included.  Whitney has never sounded better.  Highlights are &quot;I Believe in You  and Me&quot;, &quot;Step by Step&quot;, &quot;I Go to the Rock&quot;,  &quot;You Were Loved&quot;, and a rousing rendition of &quot;I Love the  Lord.&quot;  The closing &quot;Joy to the World&quot; will make you wanna  dance.  This is a great CD - and one that Whitney has a passion for.  The  only thing that would give it 5 stars,is that if next, she went for  something all the way.  Maybe a completely Gospel album or Christmas album.
B000021Y7X|4.0|I agree w/ most of the other reviewers about this movie as a whole &amp; the audio quality.  However, I was disappointed in the video quality.  The DVD transfer is very grainy, the black levels are washed-out, &amp; the  source master has quite a lot of scratches.  I can even clearly see the  end-of-reel markers! Heads fans will still enjoy this DVD, but I wanted to  warn you about the picture quality.
B000031XCR|2.0|Although the song &quot;That's the Way It Is,&quot; is another likeable Max Martin-pop gem, the rest of the tunes on this CD are pretty much overplayed 90s drivel.  Even the new material (including an unfortunate,  overblown remake of &quot;The First Time Ever...&quot;) sinks fast.  A  better investment would be the 'Falling Into You' album, in which Dion's  vocals are surpreme.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Somebody pick my chin up off the floor please. This movie rocks. This movie is a great movie for kids and kids at heart. Parents buy it for Christmas for your kids. Grandparents if the parents don't get it, get it  yourself and give it to your grandkids then, watch it over and over and  over again. This movie will put you into a trance.You'll have no problem  watching it over  again because you'll love it SO MUCH. When I saw it was  being sold here I had to get it. Ive always loved it and I always will. I  love Jim Henson's work.  =)
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica proves that they are still the best hard rock band today by delivering the best live album ever. The symphony mixes unusually well with Metallica's style.A must buy for any fan.
B000009QPE|5.0|there is no way to deny it.....this is one of the best ablums ever recorded....it has everything that makes a great album:speed, but not always, hooks, but not always, and fury, always. i can recall being 11  years old and getting this album when it came out. there is no way to  describe what the music did for me then, and, guess what, it still holds up  today. this album will never be out of my regular rotation as long as i can  breathe. if you do not already own this album, i am really not certain as  to why you are in this section, but get it and prepare for greatness.  others may have gotten faster and others may have gotten heavier, but no  one has combined the speed and power to this, at the time of it's release,  unprecedented level. get it now.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica proves that they are still the best hard rock band today by delivering the best live album ever. The symphony mixes unusually well with Metallica's style.A must buy for any fan.
B000023VR6|5.0|This album is one of the best hip hop albums i have. Although not as good as the previous Chronic album, Dre still knows how to keep our heads ringin. Tunes like The Watcher and xxplosive are dope. But nothing can  surpass the tune Nothin but a G Thang.
B000002UAX|5.0|WITHOUT QUESTION THE GREATEST 93 MINUTE ROLLER COASTER RIDE IN THE HISTORY OF RECORDED MUSIC!  IT'S ALL HERE,FOLKS, WHILE MY GUITAR, BACK IN THE USSR,REVOLUTION 1, HELTER SKELTER,BIRTHDAY,DEAR PRUDENCE,YER BLUES, GOOD  NIGHT,ECT. ECT. ECT. THE STATS SAY THIS IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST SELLERS IN  RECORDING HISTORY, THE FACT IS IT'S PROBABLY THE BIGGEST SELLING DOUBLE  ALBUM,PERIOD. AND FOR YOU FEW OUT THERE WHO JUST DONT GET IT,AND DONT LIKE  THIS GEM, AS PAUL MCCARTNEY ONCE SAID, &quot;IT'S THE BLOODY BEATLES WHITE  ALBUM,SHUT-UP!
B000002VMH|5.0|My favorite album from my college years.  We played this one for about a year straight at my apartment.  Wry, tuneful, and spiky enough to keep you on your toes. A classic.
B000002MG1|5.0|This album, like many others of R.E.M., sneaks up on you after numerous playings. It is that rare album where each song forms an audio part of a bigger picture, and the dark nature of some of the songs doesn't at all  make it depressing, but rather rich with human experience and emotion. If  you can't listen to Nightswimming without becoming nostalgic for lost youth  and innocence, or listen to Man on the Moon without joining in the chorus  with a smile on your face then maybe you're playing too many N'Sync and  Brittany Spears albums and assuming that they are great pop artists. One of  my favorite moments on the album is during the opening song, Drive, where  the lead guitar suddenly kicks in after a long, brooding, slightly sinister  build up, and all the supressed intensity suddenly bursts forth. And if  you're used to lyrics so predictable your baby sister could write them ,  then R.E.M. will come as a major surprise. Intelligent, convoluted, rich  with imagery, and sometimes mysterious, they add that extra 'literary'  touch that Paul Simon and John Lennon used to use to elevate their songs  above the ordinary.
B000002LN9|5.0|This one is a mighty, moody exploration of the past and present of Clapton, alternately contemplative and rockin' without remorse.  This 2-CD set is full evidence of why Clapton is and will continue to be one of the  most unshakably significant current musicians.
B00000ILDF|2.0|Alien3 is a very disappointing movie. For one, it has many unanswered questions: How did the eggs get aboard the Sulaco? Were there more than 2 face huggers? They attempt to show you this during mini-cuts during the  credits, but it never gets explained. The majority of the movie is spent  showing Ripley as she tries to find out what happened. She only finds out  what we already know, which is very anti-climatic.  The alien is  interesting in this movie, but is isn't given much to do but kill  &quot;idiots&quot; who are just asking to get killed, which is something  that the first two movies avoided.  Another disappointing aspect of this  film is how everything she worked for in the first movie is destroyed in  the first 10 minutes. Sure, it makes for a good drama, but Ripley is a  symbol of being a survivor. The script and dialogue was pretty bad as well.  It seemed, by midway through the film, that there was only one word that  they could say and it got ridiculous after a while. The movie has it's good  points: the set design, the &quot;Christ&quot; symbols, the continuity  story of the &quot;Company.&quot; However, this doesn't hide the fact that  this is just a story about letting an Alien loose and have it kill off  everyone. If I could be a Hollywood producer, I would write this one (and  the 4th film) off as dreams she had in hypersleep and make a sequel to the  2nd film. I give this film a D+.
B000002LN9|5.0|This one is a mighty, moody, exploration of the past and present of Clapton, alternately contemplative and rockin' without remorse.  This 2-CD set is full evidence of why Clapton is and will continue to be one of the  most unshakably significant current musicians.
6305627401|5.0|Simply put if you get easily offended don't see this movie. If you don't care  or are not easily offended then see this movie immediately
B00003000M|1.0|How does stephen marley dare to say that he has completed his father's work?  Personally, I believe that if the original cuts would have been left alone, the album would have been much better.  This album will be adored by  the masses of posers that are currently out there, but I doubt that it will  appeal to the tradional skins and rudes.  I gave my copy away.
B000006P8I|5.0|im rebuying this cd, cause a old friend of mine stole it from me. we were playing it in my room ,i was telling her its a early side of bowie ive  never heard, she aggreed with me, and then she said she had to go, and then  i noticed it was gone, SHE STOLE IT! i truly love this cd. i recommend if  your not sure what bowie cd to get, start off with this one! ive never  heard from her or the cd since
B00002MZ12|5.0|This cd was an awesome buy.  I bought it today and haven't stopped listening to it since.  It has all her classic songs, plus 3 new ones.  No Pressure Over Cappucinos is just plain great, Princes Familiar is one of  her best written songs, so simple, yet so awesome sounding!  These R The  Thoughts is alos simple, but it has an awesome effect on you.  The cover,  King Of Pain, is destined to become a radio hit.  All in all, Alanis has  done it again!
B000002VCB|5.0|This album is currently (11.99) the best that i have heard about this important subject. It is not degrading at all,on the contrary ;it is sharply written and disguising a true empathic words and ideas in a cover  of sarkasm or sarcasm, and eerie tunes like track no.3 &quot;i'd rather be  a man&quot; which actually tells about the women's struggle to equality in  all the levels. What can i say,The APP cast and crew were Perfecting it  once again.
B000002UB6|5.0|The Beatles were so very phenomenal in every way that the perfection of Abbey Road and Sgt. Pepper's is happily balanced by the more rugged and looser White Album and Let It Be.  We are closer to the mortal side of the  Beatles here, and it is truly an enlightening experience. I love the  imperfections of Dig A Pony, Maggie Mae.  These cuts still blow away  anything out today.  They are melodic, contain rich harmonies, and have the  ever-present Beatles sense of humor all over them. Fools may laugh at me,  but true Beatles fans will understand.<br />If no-one is going to top the  Beatles, do we still nead to release pop records?
B000002VCB|5.0|This album is currently (11.99) the best that i have heard about this important subject. It is not degrading at all,on the contrary ;it is sharply written and disguising a true empathic words and ideas in a cover  of sarkasm or sarcasm, and eerie tunes like track no.3 &quot;i'd rather be  a man&quot; which actually tells about the women's struggle to equality in  all the levels. What can i say,The APP cast and crew were Perfecting it  once again.
0451169514|5.0|...is awsome.  IT is terrifing.  IT is magical.  IT is one of the best books ever to hit the print press.  I read this book (all 1,000+ pages of it) in two days! I couldn't put IT down.  Buy IT. Read IT.  Enjot IT!
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|This film was absolutly a thrill ride! With an original plot, the film takes you into a whole new dimention. This film is a sci-fi film for someone that wants to know the truth. Great special effects and a great  story make this film one of a kind!
6303461484|4.0|Strong performances by Stephen Rea, Donald Sutherland, and Max Von Sydow. The rapport that develops between Rea and Sutherland is a treat to watch, and the film tactfully refrains from smearing its story in Dateline-esque  American melodrama. There are certain elements of the case I would've like  to have seen explored in greater detail, and a few sequences which do  remind you that this was made for cable, but on the whole, this is a  quality film.
B000002USP|5.0|The title, &quot;Very&quot;, is too fitting.  This album is Very Pet Shop Boys... Danceable and Fun!  Can You Forgive Her may be the Boys best song to date... One and One make Five forces you to get up and dance... and  Young Offender is a great song about older people falling for those that  are younger...<br />If your interested in the Pet Shop Boys pick this album  up... It is so much fun and you will find yourself singing along in no  time... I think you'll love it!
B000001FI7|5.0|Although Portishead has not fully broken into the American music scene, don't take that as something bad.  Portishead combines jazz with synth and trip-hop beats to create an orginal sound.  Though if I had to nail it  down, I would say the music probably most resembles Jazz.<br />Their music has  a very haunting, eerie sound to it, and if your looking for something to  put on to make you happy, this aint your album... BUT if you are just in  the mood to relax, there is nothing better... This is Portisheads finest  album!
0684867621|5.0|The title is deceiving, but gets you thinking. I got mosquito bites(Or seemed to) When I read the book. You feel like you are in the woods with  her!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|When I first heard the song, &quot;I knew I loved You&quot; I said to myself. I don't care what people say I am getting this album. I was shcoked when I got it. The album is one of the best I have bought in a while. There  are a lot of great songs on this album. But the best song on this cd and  overall is &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; that song I think touches and grabs  you like no song can. Way a go SG
B00002Z88D|5.0|dont think.... just buy it.. you will not regret it later
0345350499|5.0|I'm a serious reader.  I read classic literature, trashy sci-fi/fantasy, modern horror, mysteries, backs of cereal boxes &amp; the &quot;TV Guide&quot;.   This novel is in my all-time Top 10 list of favorites.  I  was perusing the reader comments &amp; felt compelled to add my 2 cents.    How someone who professes to be a lover of literature could ignore the  charms of this book is beyond me.   This novel is a retelling of the  Arthurian legend from the point of view of the women involved in King  Arthur's life.  It's fresh, enlightening, moving, entertaining &amp; so  smart.  This book is perfect in every way.   I recommend this book to  everyone I know.  It's as much a classic as &quot;To Kill a  Mockingbird&quot;, &quot;The Color Purple&quot;, &quot;A Prayer for Owen  Meany&quot; or Tolkien's &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot;.   Do yourself a  favor &amp; read this book.  Give it to those you love.   You won't be  disappointed.
B00001QGPS|5.0|Man this cd is high!   The lyrics were tight.  Redman acts in his drug-addicted ways and Meth shows why he's the leader of the Wu.  This album has the comedy, drama, and rap life in this 19 track cd.  You have to  get this album no matter if you like them or not.  You'll be satisfied  after hearing this.  The tightest joint is Cereal Killer and How High.  All  the others are mad cool too.  Enjoy this album. Look out for the Funkmaster  Flex and Big Kap album coming December 7th.  The rumor is there will be a  Tupac + Biggie freestyle together.
6305594252|5.0|This movie is an excellent transfer of the original. The picture and sound quality was great, and the extra footage was very interesting. I especially liked the special DVD feature of being able to play the special edition  with the extra footage, or the theatrical version without the extra  footage. I would recommend this version to anyone who liked the original.
B00003000M|5.0|Impressive!  Keeps me rocking from start to finish.  As no surprise, my favorite track is Bob and Lauryn. What I particularly love about the CD is the variation of artist/style used along side Bob Marley..assurance there  is something to sooth everyone's taste.  I recommend it highly
B00000I2UE|5.0|I honestly couldn't have gotten through the 80s and early 90s without this album.  Haunting, beautiful, and true.  &quot;There's something warm about the rain/there's something good in everything.&quot;  Coming from Oregon,  it was my most played album.  Living in Cali, it's the album I play to  remind me of home and long walks in my trench coat with my sister:   &quot;we lived our lives in the pouring rain/and the raindrop beat out of  time to our refrain.&quot;  Surprisingly optimistic despite the sometimes  funereal moan of the vocals.  What can I say except buy it and make your  own memories.
1564021017|5.0|I discovered this book by accident and now love the chance to share it with my friends who have kids.  My daughter has always loved this book as much as I love reading it to her.  A great bedtime book!
B000002HMH|5.0|I don't see why most people are complaining about the new style on Load.  This is my personal favorite Metallica album, and I have all of them but Master of Puppets and Garage, Inc.  I think that Metallica changed for the  better with this album.  James Hetfield makes a great singer, and it's  better than just growling on every song.  I think Metallica's two best  songs are on this album: Until It Sleeps and King Nothing.  For all you  hardcore fans out there - why be disappointed?   There's still some music  in the old style, such as Wasting My Hate.  I like the new direction  Metallica took here, including the ballad Mama Said.  It is excellent, and  Hetfield's vocal improvement is shown clearly on it.  I think that most  Metallica fans will like this.  After all, everything changes.
0395389496|5.0|This is one of the all time charming Christmas books.  It's a joy to read.  I put it away with my Christmas decorations each year so that when I get the decorations out for the season--out comes this book. A wonderful  addition to the Holiday Season.
B000002BE9|4.0|I bought Tidal a little while back and didn't listen to it very much.  But when I saw the video for Criminal again late one night, I decided to pop it in and hear what I had missed.  This is an excellent cd, with throaty  lyrics and wonderful rythms.  If you like music on the bluesy side, and a  little depressive, then this is an album for you.  Although it becomes a  bit repetitive at times, the music can still swallow you whole with songs  like The First Taste, The Child is Gone, and Shadowboxer.  Avoid listening  to it over and over because after a while you'll get sick of the cd and not  listen to it again for months.  But the album is definetly worth your  money, and I recommend it to anyone who enjoyed Sleep to Dream and  Criminal.
B00000IPAX|1.0|I am sick of pop-punk...Want real punk? Listen to Sublime, Pennywise, the Misfits, NOFX, Ten Foot Pole, or any other punk band with talent!
6300214354|5.0|This movie is for sure at the top with AIRPLANE! You will be laughing with tears!
6304119046|5.0|It has been called the greatest film ever made (but then again, so has Star wars). Judge it for yourself (but please, do judge it fairly, unlike many of the other reviewers; it's not a one star film). This film is a work  of art; it is not a film meant for &quot;commoners&quot;.
0805062971|5.0|I read Survivor first, which wasn't as good as Fight Club. Both have lots of energy, insight and imagination, but Fight Club is more relevant and gives you more to think about. It's a really strong, original first novel  and there are elements in the book that everyone can appreciate and  recognize in their own lives...ubiquitous Starbucks... what Nietzsche said  &quot;The more possessions you have, the more possessed you are.&quot; This  novel breaks through all of our compulsions and behaviours to show us what  we're doing and how dull it all is.
0812589041|5.0|This book is simply amazing. Not only does it have an original, exciting plot, but it is very thoughtful and really thought-provoking, like any great book. It's--indescribable. I can't describe the feelings you get when  you read this book. It's simply amazing. Ender's Game is probably the best  sci-fi book I have ever read. (After you read this book, read Ender's  Shadow, plus the rest of the Ender books.) Anybody looking for an  excellent, thought-provoking, superb piece of literature should, without a  doubt, read Ender's Game.
B000023VR6|5.0|What do you expect from the master of production!  Dre meets and exceeds expectations.  He's older, wiser, and droppin more knowledge.  He flips from songs dedicated to his late brother, to songs speakin' about the  direction of youth today.  Don't try to compare this album to The  Chronic,just enjoy it for what it is.  So...  Check it out, light it up,  cause it's still Dre Day All Day!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica S &amp; M is one of the best cd created by Metallica. It has all there old hits and some new songs that totally rock! It is filled with alot energy and just like being at one of Metallica's concerts as they rock away  with the awesome tunes of the San Franciso Syphony. this is best cd and  will make great stocking stuffers for all those metallica fans.
6304711905|5.0|About the only movie I've ever watched more than once! The characters, the lines, the action couldn't be more testoserone-filled.  Ladies will LOVE Kurt, Val, Sam and Bill in all of their western glory.  Men will love the  the &quot;good guys win -bad guys die&quot; theme and the male comradery of  the story; not to mention Dana Delany (though it would have been nice to  have seen &quot;more&quot; of her). The twist in the showdown between Wyatt  and Johnny Ringo is great.  My teenage son has seen this movie 100's of  times and about worn out the tape, so now it's DVD and more viewing!
B000002LEU|5.0|Substance was the first Joy Division CD I ever bought (around 1990, I believe). What an experience it was. I wanted to have Love will tear us apart on CD off course, like anybody, but I discovered much more (Dead  Souls, Atmosphere, She's lost control...). Also the rock songs were  appealing, so I went on and discovered their early works (Warsaw, Unknown  Pleasures, Closer). Great stuff.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Many films, in the movie theater and on television, have documented the horrors of The Holocaust. The best of these -- most notably, Speilberg's masterpiece, &quot;Schindler's List&quot; -- relate human anguish and evil  incarnate in startling clarity. What's interesting is that as poignant and  disturbing as these works have been, they often fail to drive home the  unbridled emotion that one would expect from such detail. Perhaps this is  due to a sort of &quot;historical phenomena;&quot; intellectually -- and  correctly -- we feel that we should be moved, but it's like reading a text  book, the most profound emotional connection is lost. With &quot;Life is  Beautiful,&quot; that elusive bond is crystallized. That is the genius --  yes, genius -- of this film; the relatively cold mental link is superceded  by the ethereal in all of us.<br />This marvelous film is, as our narrator  informs us, a fable. The humor is onerously silly, at least by American  standards, but it often works. What's unexpectedly wonderful about the  lightheartedness of the first half of the movie is that it masterfully sets  up the second half. Our idyllic little family, Guido, Dora, and Joshua, are  beset upon by a damnable twist of fate -- AND WE ARE TAKEN WITH THEM! What  comes next is nothing short of movie magic, that which makes a film a  classic. Guido, through a series of thoroughly implausible actions, manages  to pull our heartstrings like -- unbelievably -- no other film concerning  The Holocaust ever has!<br />While the film has come under fire from some  circles for not depicting an egregious event in history accurately or  reverently, I believe that the detractors have focused their senses in the  wrong direction. Put aside your pre-conceptions about what movies relating  the horrors of WWII &quot;should be like,&quot; this film conveys the  sorrow and indomitable spirit of a people like no other before it! Watch  this movie, better yet, buy it, and be moved to tears like I was!
0345409671|5.0|I think this was a great book and my favorite by far from Anne Rice.  I feel sorry for the people who gave this book a bad review because they felt it's purpose was to &quot;bash Christians&quot;, obviously they are not  very well educated.  If nothing else, this book makes you think about God,  the devil, heaven, hell and the theory of creation in very philosophical  terms.  It's purpose was probably to make everyone think a little  differently, not to make them reject any religious or personal beliefs in  God.  So if you want to sit down with a good book that gives you a very  thought provoking take on creation, read this one, it's worth it.
1577311523|5.0|Enlightenment is rarely a one-time experience, but rather is accomplished by degrees. The author has great clarity and the book communicates this consistently to readers, no matter their levels of understanding. This is  an exceptional feat! The book simultaneously is extraordinarily readable by  the reader, and able to be utilized readily for ones own growth. I find it  not only helpful for myself, thus, but in relation to supporting others in  their development. Subject matter of profound natures are communicated  extraordinarily succinctly!Bravo, Eckhart Tolle!
B00000J7RZ|2.0|The songs &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; &amp; &quot;If I Had Your  Love&quot; sound like she is trying to use her voice in a rap-like fashion  but in a pop-song setting.  By that, I mean that her voice generally does  not shift notes smoothly, and she often states the lyrics rather than sing  them.  And when she does try to shift notes, it sounds ridiculous (wait-ing  for to-ni-Ght, oh-Oh-OHH), more like duh-duh duh duh-duh-duh, urk-Urk-uRKK.   She uses syllable breaks in order to switch tones or volume-- for that, it  sounds rather mechanical.  In addition there is too much direct repetition;  that is, it sounds like they used a sound editor to cut&amp;paste the  necessary loops rather than have her sing it over again with different  nuances.<br />For the reasons listed above, the song &quot;No me Ames&quot;  (as well as the tropical remix) partially redeems the CD.  She does a  better job using volume to express the appropriate emotions better, also  she uses more vibrato and sings her syllables more expressively (added more  sighs in between and &quot;s&quot;'s at the ends).  And, there is more  syllable &amp; lyric &amp; pronunciation variety in these songs.
1558908498|5.0|When I first saw this, I thought it was WAY BETTER than the first, which was good!  So, anyway, I hated the scene where Buffy was killed off and thrown off the roof by the killer!  I loved it when sidney and  gale killed the killers off!
B000002HK4|5.0|The title track &quot;A change of seasons&quot; is a 20+ minute song, showing all DT's musicianship, with complex time signatures, complex arrangements, highly technical playing and intelligent lyrics. The live  part of the album features the band covering some of their influences, like  Elton John, Deep Purple, Led Zeppelin and a medley covering songs by Pink  Floyd, Kansas, Queen, Journey, Dixie Dregs and Genesis. The bad thing is  that they could put more of the material recorded that evening, such as a  version of Metallica's Damage Inc. with Napalm Death's vocalist. The album  helps to understand the band better, since they cover a lot of different  artists, so one can realize how they developed their sound. Is not in the  album, but the band has covered such non metal non progressive acts such as  Price's &quot;Purple Rain&quot; and Tori Amos' &quot;Winter&quot;, so you  may build an idea of the wide range of the band's musicality. Also, this  release stands that in order to be a great musician, you have to listen to  a lot of different styles of music.
014028009X|5.0|This is one of the funniest books I've read. Helen Fielding brought a character that we can all relate and feel some of her pain. Although Bridget sometimes lacked confidence toward everything, that is what makes  this book special. We as women are insecure, whether we want to admit it or  not---we worry about our weight, might not have good vices, and have dated  a jerk from time to time. I really did feel that Bridget Jones is more like  me in most of the writing.<br />It is hilariously funny and well-written, one  of the books I take with me when I travel--- it is a must-have and a  must-keep in my opinion. If you haven't read it, I suggest that you do!
630280082X|5.0|THIS HAS TO BE THE GREATEST GUITAR DUEL ON FILM. ITS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES. THE STORY LINE IS AS OLD AS HOLLYWOOD, BUT STILL BRINGS A SMILE TO THE VIEWER AS THE BATTLE BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL IS AGELESS. I DO CONFESS  THAT SOMETIMES I FAST FORWARD TO THE DUEL WITH JACK BUTLER. I THINK THAT  THE PLAYING OF STEVIE VAI AND RY COODER ON THIS TAPE IS INSPIRED.
B00003000M|5.0|Bob Marley's music has always been soul fulfilling and inspirational.His lyrics are quite prophetic, lifelike and calming. He will forever be an artist that lives on.
0553278223|5.0|When I was first reading this book I felt that it made had some good underlying points about our society, but nothing revolutionary.  However, I  was shocked when I realized when it was written.  Bradbury has great vision  and many of his points hold true today.
0385493800|1.0|I could almost see hear Grisham's editor pleading for more pages...so drawn out and BORING were the endless descriptions of unimportant details.  I must agree with an earlier review that the book starts out with promise,  however the character of Nate seems hollow, generic, and I could never  really buy any of the characters in this book.  I happened to take it down  to the Caribbean with me, and after plodding through all but the last five  pages, we had a hurricane, and I had to leave the house.  I looked at the  book and decided not to take it--at that point I simply didn't care enough  to find out how it ended!  Sad.
0792140923|5.0|As a history buff and a movie lover, this film presents a little piece of paradise for me. I always watch it when i'm feeling depressed or mad at the world, and it always raises my spirits. This film shows how through love of  country, love of family, love of friends, honesty, and courage, any man,  regardless of anything, can be a success. Hanks gives a moving and winning  performence as Forrest, and excellent support is provided by Robin Wright,  Gary Sinise, and Sally Field. Director Zemeckis has provided the world with  a modern classic, and the power of this work will continue to be  appreciated by true lovers of cinema into the next century.
0385484518|5.0|This was an excellent book for those who are continually looking for motivation and self-improvement.  Add to your collection of other motivating tools.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD is awsome. Anyone who passes up on buying this CD should be shot. This is the best thing, I think, to ever have come out of Metallica. The  orchestra makes the music so much better, it adds more color and brightness  to their already dope riffs, solos and lyrics. I very much recommend  purchasing this CD. Thanks for reading my review, and buy this album.
B000002JQ6|2.0|I used to have an old tape of live AC/DC that had some of the best guitar I'd ever heard.  I wanted to recapture that energy and, after quickly scanning the line-up, mistakenly picked up this CD.  Johnson's attempts at  Scott's creations don't cut it and Angus seems a bit tired compared to  &quot;If You Want Blood...&quot; (which is what I meant to buy).   &quot;Rosie&quot; is the best cut, but again, doesn't compare to the  younger Angus' frenzied masterpieces found on &quot;If You Want  Blood...&quot; (Bottom line:  go there first).
B000001FY9|5.0|Bob Marley's name has been used in the pop music world in the same light as everyone from the Beatles to the Sex Pistols.  Almost every Rolling  Stone, Spin, The Source, etc that has the best of list will mention  something by Bob Marley somewhere.  Some have dismissed his work as too  commercial, which makes no sense.  Mr. Marley acheived the fame he did  before his death because of his talent and the way he and The Wailers  changed the musical spectrum in Jamaica.  His (then) high controversial  lyrics and open advocation of marijuana no doubt made him an enemy of the  state, but his devotion to his music and his fans have made him a  near-prophet to the people who have heard him.  LEGEND is an incredible  selection of work from a man who was not only one of Jamaica's finest  recording artists, but also one of the Worlds finest.  He has been called a  revolutionary by many, and a genius by many more.  If you listen to his  music you will understand.  His lyrics speak volumes about everything from  in-justice to true love.  Robert Nestas Marley was a great musician and we  are all lucky to have had him.  His unfortunate death of cancer in 1982 was  the end of an era, but his influence on the world of ska, reggae, and music  in general is unforgatable.  This album, and the man who wrote and recorded  the songs on it, is a classic.  <br />If you like Bob Marley, may I suggest  some other music that is equally notable and in some respects better:  Buju  Banton, Pete Tosh, The Skatalites, Judge Dread, Hepcat, Desmond Dekker, The  Slackers, and Laurel Aitken.
0553108034|5.0|Finally, a fantasy series for grown-ups. GM's books have real people in real situations, rather than the cliched old fantasy superheroes battling tired villains with yet another plan to take over the world. It reads  almost like an historical novel (for an imaginary world), with just a  little sprinkle of traditional fantasy elements. The story actually makes  sense, and makes me think of the 'Kingmaker' period in old Britain. Great  stuff. If you like your stories linear and predictable, this won't be for  you. Otherwise, get it at all cost.
B000020617|5.0|No, I have not bought the Foo Fighters CD yet.  I do not intend to.  But I have heard a lot of JUNK about how they are not as good as Nirvana, and everyone who says that is correct.  But you cannot judge  the Foo's music  poorly because it is not Nirvana.  Cobain died.  THIS IS NOT NIRVANA AND  NEVER WILL BE.  WHO CARES!
B000021XS0|5.0|This is an excellent album. Buy it. Though not being in particular a Dream Theater fan, I can still rate this as one of the most creative pieces of progressive rock (&quot;melodic metal&quot;) I have heard. There are  suggestive influences of Styx, Rush, Blue Oyster Cult and even Pink  Floyd-but this is said as a compliment. I await the next album, and hope  this one has enough commercial success to make it seem (to DT) that this is  all worthwhile. Believe me, it is.
B000023VR6|3.0|I waited for dre's album for a long time but he keeps delaying it, but when I got it I was deeply dissapointed cuz the lack of guests. damn he has alot of guests in each song (why was m&amp;m in the album. he iz the  wackiest mc in hip hop history) The best song was still dre.
B000002IAZ|5.0|...being the open-minded type that I am, I heeded the advice of that young lad a few reviews back to try some Limp Bizkit.  I played a sound sample right here on Amazon.com and, well...thank God it was free!  Eesh!  Anyway,  the Springfield collection is great--it's a cornerstone of American rock  music, right along with the work of Bob Dylan, the Byrds, the Band,  Creedence, the Velvet Underground, etc.
0385493800|5.0|This is certainly the best John Grisham novel so far. A self-made billionaire commits suicide. When his last will is discovered, it is mind-boggling to the supposed-to-be heirs. He leaves his vast fortune to  one of his children, Rachel. But she's enstranged to her father, and has  given her life to God as a missionary in the jungles of Brazil. Now, the  lawyers have to find her, which is not an easy task. In the meanwhile, the  supposed-to-be heirs are circling like vultures, trying to overturn the  'insane' will. The story is suspenseful, heart-warming, adventurous, and  beautifully written. It's also a picture of human nature, and the story  carries a rare genuine redemptive byline. Really a good book!
6301008960|5.0|I really enjoyed watching this movie.  I have a hard copy of this movie at home.  It is one that on a bad day, you can sit and enjoy this movie and you will feel a lot better.  I would love to buy a copy for my sister for  Christmas.  I have been looking everywhere for it!
0385484518|5.0|After reading this book I can't wait for the movie. An old guy teaches a young guy the lessons of life, but the young guy doesn't listen, and only later in life he adheres to the wise advice. While the ending is sad, this  ending was expected from the beginning of the book anyway. Sure, you're  gonna shed some tears, but any attentive reader can unearth treasures of  advice for life. Another book that I found very interesting as it contains  also this type of mentor mentality with much helpful advice is Dietmar  Scherf's 'I Love Me: Avoiding and Overcoming Depression'-- also sold at  Amazon.
0448060191|5.0|Little women is a book for all ages. I have read this book numerous times and highly recommend it. It was the first book I bought my 8 year old daughter to read. That was two years ago, and she has read it twice. Its a  great book to share with young girls. It has mystery and romance on a level  that young girls can understand and women can relate to.
6304140428|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies I have EVER seen. I first saw it at age 14 and ever since then I have curled up in laughter during most of the movie. I have read the original play and it is funny, but Burton and Taylor  just steal the movie. I've seen most of the comments and they don't remark  on how hilarious I find the movie. Maybe something is wrong with me. Even  if you don't have a dark sense of humor, this is a killer drama.
B00000K31V|5.0|This was the best movie i have ever seen.  Matrix was awesome and 13th floor was pretty good but this kept me in total suspense the whole time.  The Matrix and 13th floor didn't have near that effect.
0670881791|4.0|The characters are real people. The plot is well thought out, and keeps you flipping the pages a lot faster than you would like to, it is a short book and is over way too fast. Leaves you wanting the story to continue.   The story is more than a simple good and evil that most of the other  reviewers have made it out to be. It is a story about social generalization  and predijuce that few of the other readers realized. There is more to it  than the simple war of choclate. It examines in detail the meaning of  religion, calling, juctice, persicution, social fear, and the christian  idea of the avoidance of pleasure.
1559409010|5.0|Since I look upon these guys with an almost-religious reverence, I'm as guilty as anyone of the kind of blind devotion they satirize so piercingly in this film.  It's a brilliant comedy that works on so many levels, you  can draw new things from it each time you pop it in.  And the extras here  are fascinating, particularly the low-key documentary--just the kind of  unpretentious self-examination you'd expect from people who'd be damned  before they took themselves seriously.
B00000JGOH|5.0|This movie really hit home for me.  I just sat there in awe of the acting, the way the story unfolded.  It totally engrossed me.  I saw it three times at the movies and could have easily gone to see it again and again.  When  it won so many Academy Awards, I wasn't surprised except I thought Saving  Private Ryan should have won Best Picture.  I also felt that Tom Wilkinson  didn't get the praise he deserved.  His performance was, as usual for Tom,  understated and perfect.  I thought he should have been nominated instead  of Geoffrey Rush, for best supporting actor, and I'm an aussie.  <br />I also  felt Joseph Fiennes should have got a Best Actor gong.  Gwyneth was great  but Joseph's performance of Will was exceptional to say the least.  <br />The  highlights for me were the unfolding of the two stories, (Romeo and Juliet  &amp; Will and Viola).  Then the actual performance of Romeo and Juliet and  the intertwining tragedy of Will and Viola.  The way the audience reacted  at the end said it all.  <br />I think that 'Shakespeare In Love' is mainly a  movie that females thoroughly love.  The males in my circle of friends and  family didn't quite GET IT so to speak.<br />Also deserving of mention were  Colin Firth and the actor with the the stutter, which miraculously  disappeared at the start of the play.
B000006NPY|5.0|It's a shame good bands get so much grief when they try to do something different.  This cd is great, albeit a bit softer than previous albums.  So?  It's still good.  Billy is still darn cool.  <br />Let's play a game:   Who doesn't belong?:<br />A. Radiohead B. Creed C. Live D. Smashing Pumpkins  E. Limp Bizkit F. Collective Soul G. Pearl Jam<br />The correct answer is Limp  Bizkit, who, although they have some interesting songs, otherwise bite the  big one...
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album easily equals their stunning debut. The greatest mistake Savage Garden could have made would be to have made a carbon copy of their last album. They definitely did not do that. This album's mood is much mellower.  This is a result of Darren Haye's divorce. Songs such as &quot;The Lover  after me&quot;, &quot;I don't know you anymore&quot;, the classic &quot;I  Knew I loved you&quot;  and &quot;You can still be free&quot; are  absolutely fantastic. However, you lovers of pop do not despair. There are  many pop gems on this album. &quot;The Best Thing&quot; keeps me rocking,  &quot;Affirmation&quot; is reminiscent of &quot;I want you&quot; and has  number one written all over it. &quot;Chained to you&quot; is another great  europop track. &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is wonderfully directed.  &quot;The Animal Song&quot; is the epitome of pop excellence. What else can  I say! BUY IT!
B00002Z88D|5.0|For all the critics and so called &quot;fans&quot; who are stuck in the 80's and don't realize that true artists evolve, this concert should blow them away.  &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; is easily the best song on  the set, a very powerful song by itself only gets deeper with the  orchestra. I'm not going to rant, but do yourself a favor and get this CD  set, you will not be disappointed!
B0000047CW|5.0|This album was a pre-curser to most modern latin-cross-over beat music.  Fusing Brazillian latin rythms and beats with horn and sax from the master Charlie Byrd, this album is a must for anyone serious about their music.   All instrumental, this is the kind of music that will send any girl into a  deliriously romantic mood, so be careful.  Top 5 in my 200+ CD collection.
078322947X|5.0|he picked the best actors...the perfect locations...and let the story start fragmented only to become so kaukfkaesque...the scenery is breath-taking...the acting so understated...the director had a vision...it  wasn't money...and it is on film....dig it and dig the most under-rated  actor of all time...check out the mid-east bomb sequence..a lasting  image,among so many others..perfect...not for the non-thinker, truly
B000020617|5.0|I really don't understand how some people can give this album less than 5 stars. Did they listen to a different album? I for one think this is one of the best rock albums of the year. Out of the 11 songs on the album I only  dislike 1 and that's pretty amazing for any album. The Foo Fighters prove  that you don't need a dj to make a good rock album
B000002NHN|5.0|Celtic...dreamy...absolutely wonderful mood music...you just become filled with so much creative energy.
B000002VRZ|5.0|This  band  is  the  most  talented  rock  band  to  come  out  of  the  entire  Western  world  in  the  past  forty  years,  surpassing  even   the  mighty  Skynyrd  and  Led  Zeppelin.  The  vocal  harmonies  are   unique,  the  guitar  solos  never  slack  off,  and  the  lyrics  are   much  mor  thought-provoking  than  anything  else from  the  past   thirty-five  years.  Musically,  bands  like Warrant  and  Guns  'N'  Roses   are  babies'  stuff  compared  to  this  bona  fide  guitar  army.  I   wish  I  could  give  it  ten  stars.
B000002GBB|5.0|I recently had the chance to see Styx (sans DDY) in Anaheim at the Sun dinner theater.We were in the first row of tables and it was amazing.This is probably my favorite styx record and not one song is a weak link. When i  saw them they played &quot; &quot;Queen Of Spades&quot;,  &quot;Renegade&quot;, and &quot;Blue Collar Man&quot;. The entire album is  completely listenable. If you don't have it already then buy it right  now!
B000002VRZ|5.0|This  band  is  the  most  talented  rock  band  to  come  out  of  the  entire  Western  world  in  the  past  forty  years,  surpassing  even   the  mighty  Skynyrd  and  Led  Zeppelin.  The  vocal  harmonies  are   unique,  the  guitar  solos  never  slack  off,  and  the  lyrics  are   much  mor  thought-provoking  than  anything  else from  the  past   thirty-five  years.  Musically,  bands  like Warrant  and  Guns  'N'  Roses   are  babies'  stuff  compared  to  this  bona  fide  guitar  army.  I   wish  I  could  give  it  ten  stars.
B000002KEV|4.0|I'm sorry to say that all that has come (and gone) our way on the hard rock scene since the 1968 - 1975 era has mostly been a combination of rubbish and recyclables. Which makes me very happy to travel back into time  to the simpler but not happier era of 1972. It was a time when giants like  Yes, Led Zeppelin, The Stones, The Who and Deep Purple ruled the arenas and  the airwaves. A time when musicianship and innovation were reaching ever  higher in pursuit of the lost power chords and mega-drum solos that legends  are born from ..... . This album captures all that rock music can offer;  the dazzling speed of Ritchie Blackmore's guitar, the raw thunder of Roger  Glover's bass, the precision of Jon Lord's organ, the sonic screams of Ian  Gillian and the percussive genius of Ian Paice, hard rock's finest drummer.  When you listen to these songs, you are witnessing the birth of modern  heavy metal and hard rock; you will never forget these explosive versions  of 'Smoke on the Water', 'Highway Star', 'Lazy' and 'Child in Time'. Never.  The songs are as relevant today as they were when I first heard  them as a  teenager in New Mexico. The only other comparable live rock album would be  Led Zeppelin's 'The Song Remains The Same.'
B000002VRZ|5.0|This  band  is  the  most  talented  rock  band  to  come  out  of  the  entire  Western  world  in  the  past  forty  years,  surpassing  even   the  mighty  Skynyrd  and  Led  Zeppelin.  The  vocal  harmonies  are   unique,  the  guitar  solos  never  slack  off,  and  the  lyrics  are   much  mor  thought-provoking  than  anything  else from  the  past   thirty-five  years.  Musically,  bands  like Warrant  and  Guns  'N'  Roses   are  babies'  stuff  compared  to  this  bona  fide  guitar  army.  I   wish  I  could  give  it  ten  stars.
6303020089|5.0|A genuinely brilliant movie, featuring a shining cast in their perfect roles. Harrison Ford treats us to a determined and powerful performance which is totally unpredictable, but even his acting loses most of the  limelight to Tommy Lee Jones, who gives a stunningly gritty and humorous  portrayl of the obsessed US Marshal who will catch his fugitive, no matter  what the cost. The script gives a new twist to the old formula and sparks  it back into life with a fantastic masterpiece of suspense and drama with  every scene keeping you on the edge of your seat.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Lets get straight to the point, if you are even a remote Metallica fan (is there such a thing?) this is a MUST HAVE! The combination of the orchestra and Metallica rockin' is mindblowing. You are place straight into a wall of  music it is spectacular from start to finish. You won't find a single  poorly done song on the entire CD. <br />For those who wrote the reviews on  the Cunning Stunts video saying James Hetfield is losing his growling  voice, this CD will change your mind! Jason Newsted is plain awesome,  although in many songs you know he is playing the bass but can't make it  out his back up vocals and ability to pump up the crowd gives an electric  charge to CD. Lars Ulrich and Kirk Hammet are still one of the bests at  what they do.<br />One last note are the two new songs, No Leaf Clover and  -Human, which are two awesome songs. I really love No Leaf Clover because  of the overall sound, lyrics, and well it rocks! These two songs just show  all the disbelievers that Metallica is still as on fire now as they have  ever been. Can't wait till the next studio album comes out!<br />This CD  proves just like all the other Metallica CDs that Metallica RULES!
B000001AGK|5.0|This is a masterpiece of popular music, and the best jazz-influenced album pop album ever.
B000002JEV|5.0|&quot;These BBC sessions capture the essence of early  Led Zepplin at its rawest and freshest.&quot; - Luis Rey, London 1997. The above quote sums up Led Zepplin's BBC Sessions perfect in their entirety. This album is alive  and kicking with Led Zepplin in their peak. This CD-set was previously  ownly available via Bootleg. To put to finer point on it, there is very  little difference between the bootlegs and this release apart from slight  differences in recording quality. This clarifies the point that no matter  where they are, Led Zepplin never cease to please. This in analysis is a  huge compliment to Led Zepplin. This album starts off with Disc 1's  contents taken from British shows such as Top Gear, Tasty Pop Sundae and  One Night Stand. This disc is quite exceptional with all of the songs  distilling from a blues oriented undercurrent. The second disc is all taken  from the one concert totally uncut from the Paris Theatre with songs not  previously transmitted. It starts off with Immigrant Song and then kicks  into a funky rendition of Heartbreaker. Then midway through we are witness  again to the magic of Led Zepplin with the 19 minute rendition of Dazed  &amp; Confused. Stairway To Heaven is of course a must to listen to with a  faithful rendition of it. Then furthur into the CD we arrive at Whole Lotta  Love (Medley) with Boogie Chillun', Fixin' To Die, That's Alright Mama  &amp; A Mess of Blues. This is made brilliant with the interaction between  Plant &amp; Page. This CD in it's entirety is a must-have for lovers of Led  Zepplin and a peice of great rock 'n roll in it's peak for those who are  not Led Zepplin fans in the strictest sense. 5 stars - a must.
B000002KMV|3.0|from controversy,sexuality,do me baby this is a banging set but then it drops and doesn't pick up again until lets work comes on.still sounds good  the standout cuts do.
B000002JEV|5.0|&quot;These BBC sessions capture the essence of early  Led Zepplin at its rawest and freshest.&quot; - Luis Rey, London 1997. The above quote sums up Led Zepplin's BBC Sessions perfect in their entirety. This album is alive  and kicking with Led Zepplin in their peak. This CD-set was previously  ownly available via Bootleg. To put to finer point on it, there is very  little difference between the bootlegs and this release apart from slight  differences in recording quality. This clarifies the point that no matter  where they are, Led Zepplin never cease to please. This in analysis is a  huge compliment to Led Zepplin. This album starts off with Disc 1's  contents taken from British shows such as Top Gear, Tasty Pop Sundae and  One Night Stand. This disc is quite exceptional with all of the songs  distilling from a blues oriented undercurrent. The second disc is all taken  from the one concert totally uncut from the Paris Theatre with songs not  previously transmitted. It starts off with Immigrant Song and then kicks  into a funky rendition of Heartbreaker. Then midway through we are witness  again to the magic of Led Zepplin with the 19 minute rendition of Dazed  &amp; Confused. Stairway To Heaven is of course a must to listen to with a  faithful rendition of it. Then furthur into the CD we arrive at Whole Lotta  Love (Medley) with Boogie Chillun', Fixin' To Die, That's Alright Mama  &amp; A Mess of Blues. This is made brilliant with the interaction between  Plant &amp; Page. This CD in it's entirety is a must-have for lovers of Led  Zepplin and a peice of great rock 'n roll in it's peak for those who are  not Led Zepplin fans in the strictest sense. 5 Stars - A Must.
B00000DHZJ|5.0|this disc is great for a begining hendrix fan.it captures his rich tone and style.i enjoy all of his recordings cuz they have so much feeling and depth.this set is only the tip of the iceburg when it comes to his  recordings.he is bigger than just hits and means more as well.
B00000JCB2|4.0|The only real reason I like Limp Bizkit is because If you really listen to their lyrics they have meaning. Most boys think girls shouldn't like them because they're bad and have parental advisories and stuff but that is just  sexist. Limp Bizkit has meaning in some of their songs. Like Nookie is  about a guy whos girl cheated on him and he doesn't know what to do. Plenty  of guys are in that situation. It has meaning.
6305627401|2.0|I am a HUGE SOUTH PARK FAN but this thing STUNK. They hurried up and cashed in on the popularity of the series. Even my two kids wanted to leave the theatre because they were bored with it.
0062502182|5.0|The Alchemist is the best book that I have read in my short 21 years.  Yes I have read books that have made me wonder, I have read books that have made me think.  But this book gave me hope.         I cannot say that this  is my favorite book. No.  That honor is to &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot;.   But the beauty of this book lies in its simplisity.  I really cannot  articulate my admiration for this book, in that it changed my life.  I  started believing in myself again, and really what else could you ask from  a collection of wood pulp?  Read it, if you do not like it, re-think
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Whereas Tidal was the product of an unhoned prodigy's raw instinct, When the Pawn... is a tempering of Fiona Apple's lyrical and musical sense into a disciplined and thoroughly enjoyable whole.<br />Firstly, her singing:  Now  fully in command of her smoky, dark voice, Apple's delivery is greatly  improved, with a confidence never before exhibited.  It helps that her  melodic sense has taken a quantum leap in the past three years; there are  no longer any more quaint, unsure moments like &quot;Shadowboxer&quot; on  Tidal.  Producer Jon Brion (Aimee Mann) must also have contributed his  infallible ear to the arrangements because When the Pawn... offers a much  richer, more distinct sound, and overall a more addictive one.  Apple's  piano sounds great, the fiery parts recalling Tori Amos' ferocious work on  her From the Choirgirl Hotel album or Laura Nyro in her '60s heyday, and  even when the songs lapse into sections of jazz-blues jamming (usually more  fun for the players than the listener), on this record they merely serve to  augment the spontaneity of the songs and the immediacy of the  performances.<br />A work worthy of an artist on the rise, When the Pawn... is  a work that Fiona Apple should be very proud of.  She has succeeded in  mining her best assets while leaving her past faults behind.
B000001ZS3|3.0|I had this 4 years ago and bought it for the 2nd track basically.  A few of the others impressed me but do listen to it now and again. Images is one of my favourites but in my view this album is worth buying just for Oxygene  2
B00002MZ2C|4.0|Rage against the Machine hasn't really grown musically since its debut.  The sound hasn't changed -- Tom Morello still squeals, rages and demolishes; the rhythm section lays on the funk; and Zack de la Rocha  spitfires on every song.  That on one hand is consistency; on the other,  it's lack of development.<br />Granted, few bands (especially within this  funk-rap-industrial-metal hybrid that Rage practically invented) have the  brains or the motivation behind this one, and the lyrics always have  something to say.  Unfortunately, de la Rocha's rap style is simply too  limited -- he never slows it down to apply some shading to his phrasing or  delivery, and what he writes also tends to be limited within the  angry-activist underdog mold.  As a result, Rage songs all sound alike, as  do the albums.<br />That aside, within the very specific confines thus  outlined, Rage is peerless -- in terms of the gut punch it delivers, in  terms of its stormy anger, in terms of the blistering attack it launches  against the social injustices against which it crusades.<br />Exhilirating and  powerful if you can get past the lack of variety within.  If you don't like  this musical style, period, then this album won't likely convince you.
0446604844|5.0|I had never read Baldacci before, but this book grabbed me right from the start and didn't let go!  This would make a great movie!  I would recommend this book to anyone who likes their books to have action, suspense, and a  lot of twists.  <br />A must read for any Ludlum fan!
079072961X|5.0|This is a very intense movie. Harrisson Ford plays Dr.Kimble- wrongfully accused of murdering his own wife. Dr. Kimble manages to escape from a prison bus. Asumed dead - TOMMY LEE JONES enter the scene, he discover that  DR KIBLE is alive and is now The Fugitive! The acting has to be seen The  movie has to be seen The story has to be... SEE IT! This DVD is quite good  the Video is okay and there are a few nice surround effects... but could  have been better.<br />And heres the score:<br />VIDEO:  4/5 AUDIO:  3/5 MOVIE:   5/5
6304083777|2.0|I would like to give this film 2 1/2 Stars, but it won't let me. I think this film is gorgeous, it is beautifully animated and backed up by a rich score. Sadly, the storyline did not live up to its surroundings. It is  populated by cold and uninteresting characters. The story brings nothing  new to a vast series of other anime titles with the same theme. I certainly  think it is worth watching, but certainly far from the best in anime.
B000002IJA|5.0|working a 911 turbo all the way to 300 clicks, one hand wrapped aroung an 18 year old blonde the other furiously gripping the wheel, while 'ride on' cranks out from the blaupunkt, i'm sure wasn't acca daccas vision of how  this fine work of mastery would be played but i'm sure they would  appreciate my motives.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|If grunge and hip-hop became the two progressive main-stream social statements of the nineties, Rage combines these two in an excellent manner. Excellent music, powerful political message. More power to Rage! I'd only  wish that the establishment youth 'culture' outlet called MTV would  frequent the band in the US as it does in Europe.
0893860220|5.0|Written by a realized sage, this book is wonderfully helpful in increasing clarity and showing the way to get rid of all that is nonessential (which includes everything imaginable).  Nisargadatta's words are timeless and  true.  Anyone who, by chance or destiny, encounters a copy of this book is  sure to realize their true nature.  Can it be given a 6-star rating?
B00001QGPS|5.0|This review is a long time coming. The first couple of times I heard the album I was like,&quot;Hey, man, this is a total ripoff of the last Redman  album-almost beat per beat&quot;... not so. The more I listened, the more I  began to appreciate the subtle textures of the production, that  head-bopping, lyrical dropping funk that we should expect from Mef n Red.  Hip Hop references abound, from the Beastie Boys to EPMD. I wondered why  these two needed someone like LL Cool J to appear on it, but then decided  that it was probably to help the injured rappers career. The only complaint  I have is that LL contributes nothing, and should have been asked to stay  at home for this one. Other than that, the album deserves a special place  on the CD rack. Trax 2,5,6,7,8...well, you get the picture. Lotsa funk on  this one, almost every track is a jewel. Should have maybe changed the  remix of &quot;How High&quot; to a drum and bass song and called it  &quot;Red Kristal Mef&quot;. Catch them on tour.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|hey ...I`m taking back everything I said in my previous review...this album is awesome! I think I just had to listen to it carefully a view more times.! My absolute favorites are &quot;Hold me&quot; , &quot;Two Beds and  a Coffee machine&quot; , &quot;I dontknow you anymore&quot; and &quot;I  knew I loved you&quot;!  I love ballads...and Savage Gardens are almost as  touching as mariah Careys ballads! and..Darren Hayes has the most unique  male voice I ever heard in my whole life!
B000001Y16|5.0|Makaveli died too early. This album wasn`t his best, but as he himself said it was his TRUEST album. When compared to his early efforts, this one  comes off SOUNDING better (production-wise), but isn't as HARD (see  Strictly For My Ni**az, Thug Life, etc). As far as songs go, the themes  Makaveli writes around are standard fare (money, drugs, women), but are  also interspersed with ideas about God, racial hatred, and even feminism.  Aware of the fact that rap was making some people believe that women were  to be treated as less than equals, the Mak tried to repair some of that  damage in &quot;White Man'z World&quot;. &quot;Me and My Girlfriend&quot;  sounds like a romantic song, until you realize that he is talking about his  gunz. I played this one in the clubs and got asked to play it again the  weeks following. It bumps. &quot;Hail Mary&quot; is outstanding, along with  &quot;Blasphemy&quot; and &quot;Krazy&quot;, and of course everyone knows  how good &quot;To Live &amp; Die in L.A.&quot; is. What are you waiting  for? Buy the damn album!
0449227545|1.0|&quot;The Hammer of Eden&quot; gets my vote for the worst book of the millenium.
B00000BKDY|5.0|Stranger In A Strange Land &amp; Alexander The Great - both totally blew me away! I was in Desert Storm in the Field Artillery and  rocked hard to this album among others during the entire campaign. THANK YOU IRON  MAIDEN!  -daswolf
B000002HO3|5.0|I wasn't expecting to like &quot;every single song.&quot;  I don't own any of Simply Red's previous albums, so I said &quot;Why take a gamble- get a compilation album.&quot;  And dumb luck has it that I made the right  choice.  I thought that only my parents liked &quot;Holding Back The  Years.&quot;  The fact that Simply Red had talent, along with the question  of &quot;how can white guys be suave without being cheesy?&quot; caught me  up in a standoff.  But with timeless pop classics, which have embraced  mainstream radio, like &quot;Holding Back The Years,&quot; &quot;Money's  Too Tight,&quot; &quot;It's Only Love,&quot; &quot;You Got It,&quot;  &quot;If You Don't Know,&quot; &quot;Stars,&quot; and &quot;Something Got  Me Started,&quot; this album couldn't get much better.  One minor setback  however- &quot;Life&quot; came out in '95, right?  Well... then where is  &quot;So Many People&quot;?  That's my only problem with this album.  But  anybody who likes really good pop/R&amp;B should pick this up.
0451169514|5.0|This is my 2nd favorite King book ever, next to the The Stand. All the characters are well developed. The only drawbacks are that when you first read IT, the format is a bit odd where it constantly switches between the  50s and 80s. But that also helps it in the way that you sort of read about  both Rituals of Chud almost side-by-side. The ending was kind of  depressing, the way that they start forgeting about each other. But it's a  great book, and Pennywise the Dancing CLown is teh best villaine ever!
6305558167|4.0|Well the miracles of modern technology worked well for this movie.  It is a true classic, and the digital remastering makes it truly spellbinding.  If you can watch the first &quot;Lady of the Lake&quot; scene without going  &quot;Ooh&quot; at the image, I'll be surprised.<br />There are some errors  nonetheless.  There's a spot between scenes where the disc pauses  momentarily for some unknown reason, and some scenes look like they could  use more touching up.  The audio is for the most part well done, though  there are times where it could be fuller.  But let's remember this movie  wasn't made yesterday, so we can't expect Matrix level image and  sound.<br />All in all this movie is well worth getting on DVD, and is a vast  improvement over the VHS version.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This cd is so good. It is the best album I own, and probably always will be.  The songs are awesome, and you never get tired of them.  There are no tracks to skip over either! You can just listen straight through the whole  cd.  Buy it today!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Actually its a so good cd that if you love her old song IRONIC then you will love her new album, its so anallisic that you will feel in this CD.
B0000019PA|1.0|I work for a radio station. These guys were all the rage a few years ago, so I was sent out to a concert to get the inside scoop. I hated the show. The guy is talentless: he can neither sing nor play the guitar. The lyrics  are strained and mock-absurdist. The guy is visibly aching for  attention--&quot;Don't you people think I'm weird?&quot; When I interviewed  them after the show I felt like pissing the whole time so I was  extra-irritated by things I would normally overlook--i.e., the guy kept  scratching his hair like some eccentric and I was on the verge of spitting  in his face. So, lucky me: I was asked to review this album by the station.  . . you can imagine the long harangue I launched against this godawful  band. But nobody seems to mind me.
0792151712|2.0|Empty spectacles are nothing new to Hollywood, but only in the 1990s could $200 million be spent on an antihistorical treatment of such a recent event.  The 1990s are the era of production professionalism --- the sets,  costimes, and cinematography are predictably expert --- and null  creativity.  No disaster is richer in meaning than the sinking of Titanic,  the ship built and underequipped on naked human hubris, but direcot James  Cameron failed to even notice the philosophical subtext --- or make any  other point.  Since the original story wasn't exciting enough, director  James Cameron added a cliched romance, stereotypical bad guys, and  pre-adult social commentary... we should require more of our art.
0380973464|3.0|Why won't anybody EDIT Neal Stephenson?  I slogged my way through Cryptonomicon, but great stretches reminded me of the unnatural and inspiration-sapping effort of walking on loose beach sand -- and in this  case, it's a very, very long beach.  Much of what writers do may indeed be  -- as in Norman Mailer's famous and insightful phrase (based on alert  vivisection of the the authorial ego) -- &quot;advertisements for  myself.&quot;  But the advertisements do not have to be, as in this latest  novel by Stephenson, so tiresome, tedious, and self-indulgent; so merely  (but often barely) clever; so suffused with the feeling of family  anecdotes; so LONG, LOOSE, AND LIMP. <br />     None of these matters is fatal  in itself.  Thomas Wolfe (Look Homeward, Angel; Of Time and the River; You  Can't Go Home Again) showed that even a great talent NEEDS A GOOD EDITOR --  to keep him from over-enchantment with himself; to keep him focused, moving  forward, and polished; to tell him, time and time and time again, what to  SKIP, SCRAP, OR JUST PLAIN &quot;FERGIT ABOUT&quot;!<br />Good as Stephenson's  Snowcrash was, and later The Diamond Age (and before all of that, The  Zodiac --probably the one single novel Stephenson, by himself, sans  editeurs, might actually be said to &quot;have in him&quot; -- as we are  all, dubiously, I think, said to &quot;have&quot; one in us, like a  pregnancy), he clearly does not intend to rest his case as a novelist on  the oeuvre of those novels. He is pushing on.  But I suspect those earlier  novels, being written by a man with less fame and clout than Stephenson  today -- got the type and intensity of editorial attention that his sort of  writing requires -- and deserves. <br />Given his newest achievement, the  massive maundering work we have before us in Cryptonomicon, there is little  doubt that Stephenson has indeed pushed on in at least one direction -- in  having mastered the art of giving editors and their intrusive attentions  the slip! <br />Cyptonomicon, for Stephenson, bears lamentable comparison to  Tom Clancy's Patriot Games, also a &quot;chatty,&quot; undisciplined,  anecdotally self-absorbed book pursued to wearisome lengths. Clancy has  since done better (but his earliest and best novel -- The Hunt for Red  October -- was heavily edited; and slim).  For Stephenson -- maybe next  time, eh?
B000031XCR|3.0|How can the career of Celine Dion be summed up with 9 songs?  It can't....  She's had an amazing career but I suppose the label thought sales would be better as a single CD and not including the extra CD and charging more.   Just to name a few of the missing songs which should have been  included:<br />*Where Does My Heart Beat Now<br />*When I Fall In Love (w/ Clive  Griffin)-Sleepless in Seattle<br />*All By Myself<br />*Tell Him (w/ Barbra  Streisand)<br />Some of the new songs, however, are wonderful, and it's a nice  introduction to those who have just started listening to her since Titanic.
B00001QGPR|5.0|It's nice to see David Bowie reflect on his life, because before this, you couldn't really tell what he is thinking.  It's also nice to see him get back to basics as far as music is concerned.  Even though I love the  &quot;Outside&quot; and &quot;Earthling&quot; albums, this one is more  real.  The best songs are &quot;Thursday's Child&quot;, &quot;Seven&quot;  and &quot;All the Pretty things are going to Hell.&quot;  Great album.
B00000DBXO|5.0|You close minded fool.  To simply brush aside two of the band's own compositions with such a dismissive, sweeping motion is both ignorant and arrogant.  Perhaps next time Cake will take perseonal orders as to each  individual person's unique preferences?  Until that day, you just may have  to live with what the band itself considered worthy of recording material.   A critic is nothing but an artist with no talent.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I think this cd is the best cd ever made. it has great music and the lyrics are awesome. i browed this cd from my buddy and i didn't give it back for such a long time. i asked everybody for it for christmas. i hope i  get it!
6304578482|5.0|You've gotta see this movie, it's really great. Sorvino and Kudrow are terrific, and the story is super funny! This film also has its deep moments, and you really begin to feel their pain, but you still can't help  laughing at them!<br />PLEASE SEE THIS MOVIE, IF IT'S THE LAST THING YOU  DO!
0131103628|5.0|This is probably the greatest introductory programming world ever written!<br />This is the classic \\"how to program\\" book.  The book may seem quite old, but so is C, so you'll not miss anything.  Half of the other introductory books written today will often quote this book, especially in reference to the \\"hello, world.\\" example contained within.  The \\"K&amp;R\\"  is well known among programmers as the all-time classic programming book -  for any language.<br />If you read through this book, I promise that you'll  find it easy to grasp with a pace that will not bore you to tears.<br />For  those of you just starting off, remember that this is not a C++ book.  You  may not want to use Visual C++ 6.0 with this book.  Instead, you can  download a DOS based C compiler from wwwdeloriecom.  I  believe you'll find that compiler much more appropriate for learning C with  this book, and best of all, it's FREE.  After this book, you should have  very little trouble adapting your knowledge to C++ and the Visual C++ 6.0  IDE.
B0000025L8|5.0|It's a grower. A generous output of material from a band at their creative peak, taking on all manner of styles and giving it that unique  Clash-Flavor. Because ultimately rock groups are about personality and  character, and this album shows the true spirit of the Clash:  multi-faceted, passionate,  spliffed-up and rocked-out. Get to know and  love this record. It's a classic.
B00001OH7P|5.0|This album is the best glam-rock album of all time.  I don't care what people say, Queen can't hold a candle to David Bowie.  I love how the album starts off mellow with &quot;Five Years&quot; and picks up more and more.   One of the best albums of the 70s.
B000002WYT|5.0|This was my first DMB cd, and I have been a fan ever since.  I was amazed with this album to say the least.  Crash is a great record to start your colletion with, as it defines great music.  It's the album that can be a  soundtrack for good times that will stay in your heart forever.  The lyrics  are very uplifting, the music is incredible, and their sound grabs your  attention.  You can't go wrong with Dave Matthews, and the talented band  that will impress you on Crash.  Listen.
B00000JCB2|5.0|The CD Significant Other is a great CD for people who love rap music
B00003A9QL|5.0|The greates experience in listening. This album is grat, great sound, great conjuction between the band and the orchestra. The songs are greately performed by both sides, the band in their gratest times, doing the greats  thing. This is a must buy album, evey MetallicA fan shoul by it NOW, the  greates idea of all, putting the bad where they chose to be. Very extreme  music played at their greates, realy strong songs like Master, or Thing to  calm melodies as Matters and Hero, very well backed up by the symphony.  THis albums shows that nothing stoppes METALLICA.
6305609691|5.0|I always loved this movie but vhs didnt do it justice. This dvd is killer apart from a few artifacts. Sound is great- colours very vivid. Buy it!
B000023VR6|5.0|The wait is finally over!  The best rap album of all time has arrived. I'm a great fan of rap music and have hundreds of rap albums in my collection, but this has to be the best. 85% of the cuts on this album is beyond this  world. The rest of the album still qualifies for the &quot;pure dope&quot;  category. I would have rated this album 6 stars. Dr. Dre is indeed king of  the rap game.
B00002Z88D|5.0|What could have turned out horribly....fused very well indeed. Kamen and Metallica complimented each other nicely, and neither was just &quot;filler space&quot; for the other. There is roughly 140 minutes of intensity where  their all is poured into the music. Kudos to Michael Kamen and the San  Francisco Symphony Orchestra for their incredible treatment of Metallica's  catalog. Kudos to Metallica for forging ahead into the future with the  play-on-demand streaming audio, full length viewing of the concert, and  full-length listening on the radio before official release. Any other band  would have teased with a snippet of one song....not Metallica....they let  you have the whole thing before release. How many other bands are that  confident? This double-disc costs less than a concert ticket. It's well  worth it.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Well, I love Alanis, so you see I HAD to buy this CD - and its wonderful. I absolutely LOVE the versions of &quot;Joining You&quot; (my Alanis favourite ever) and &quot;Uninvited&quot;!  But &quot;Ironic&quot; and  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; sound better on &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;.  I think the new songs, especially &quot;No Pressure...&quot; are GREAT!
6305014140|5.0|Ninja scroll is an epic action adventure anime, full of bloody action, contains mild nudity, definitely not for children. I love the fight scenes of Jubei, i just wish they made it longer so you could really see the  skills and potentials of each opponent, but hey it's one and a half hour  movie, so it's justified. They could have made it a happy ending.  Definitely needs a SEQUEL, anyone?
6305609691|5.0|I always loved this movie but vhs didnt do it justice. This dvd is killer apart from a few artifacts. Sound is great- colours very vivid. Buy it!
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey has been my idol for as long as i can remember.to me none of her cd's are bad they're all just as great as the first.i have everyone and can't wait for new one's,i clean to her music,websurf and go to work with a  mariah carey cd in my walkman.i truely recommend her to nonlisteners.
B00002Z88D|3.0|This album is different. I've heard some songs on the radio and streamlining. Its not too bad. I was looking forward to a new studio album. We just had Garage Inc. full of cover songs and now a greatest hits CD.  I'll still buy it just because its Metalica. I hope it sounds better on the  stereo than in the car.
6305627401|3.0|this is a cut version of the movie. the title says uncut, but alot of the best parts were cut. maybe in a year the nc-17 directors cut will be released. that will be funny to watch. <br />they had to cut it, since alot of  kids watch south park, and a nc-17 rating would mean lots of lost money.  <br />this is the light version. an R rating was necessary to keep the movie  profitable, a nc-17 or X rating scares away adults and keeps kids out  altogether.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I love metallica, and James Hetfield is the hottest ... . The cd is great and the songs sound much better with the symphony.I love metallica, and I love this cd so much. All their cd's are  great, but I have to say this is just as good as Kill 'em All!
B000002LIX|5.0|There's no need to talk so much about this masterpiece. Just put it on (as loud as you can) and let the best album of the 90's take you by storm. Perry is a genious, the band play brilliant and the production is setting a  new standart. Not only the best album of the 90's-one of the best albums  ever made.
0385484518|4.0|This was an interested book that for me was as the title tag line says about &quot;...An Old Man, a Young Man...&quot;  As a man approaching middle age, the author's reactions and feelings as he responded to Morrie's  strong life spirit even in dying rang true.  What I didn't get, was any  deep sense of where the author went with new perpectives on life the Morrie  brought about in him.  Clearly, he was touched, but what did he change in  his life?.  Maybe in his next book...
6304711891|5.0|The Rock is one of the greatest of all action films. This is a movie that not only presents some incredible, if not stunning, action sequences, but also a smart plot and intelligent screenplay. This is a film that really  works in it's genre to the fullest. Director Michael Bay is a master of  this material and adds great style and vision to  already excellent  material. The screenplay by David Weisberg, Douglas S. Cook and Mark Rosner  has a touch of intrigue here, a touch of adrenaline there, a splash of  rambo here, and the effect is great on the big screen. &quot;The Rock&quot;  never slowes down but never gets dumb either. Elements taken from other  films are lovingly polished to a gloss. Nicolas Cage, Sean Connery and Ed  Harris all give convincing performances that ignite the screen along with  everything else. &quot;The Rock&quot; also has some of the best of all  action scenes. The chase scene through San Francisco is pure excitement and  thrills and amazingly filmed. &quot;The Rock&quot; is intelligent,  action-packed, and a wild, thrilling adrenaline-pumped ride that's also  wonderfully stylish.
0783235380|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie!  Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock had some amazing chemistry.  The cinematography was great and I just loved the story.  It wasn't your typical predictable ending.  This is a movie I will  definitely buy!
B000002LR6|5.0|Psalm 69 rocks. Period. This isn't my favorite Ministry album (that title goes to The Mind is a Terrible Thing to Taste) but it's close. An awesome CD from a great band, you gotta have it. Especially if you're not a  Ministry fan - cuz you will be. All the songs rock, my favorite is either  Just One Fix or Hero
B000031XCR|4.0|I really enjoy this album! It has some of Celine's past hits with some new songs that are sure to be new hits. Personally, my favorite out of the previously unrealesed songs is That's The Way It Is, a fun, jazzy song that  you will just want to get up and boogie to. If you haven't already then get  up and go buy All The Way-A Decade of Song.
B00000269M|4.0|I bought this album about 2 weeks ago,after sampling some of the tracks here.I'm not really an avid MJ music listener/fan.The only other recording i have,is &quot;Thriller&quot;.But after listening to the entire  &quot;Bad&quot; CD,i suddenly began to feel mesmorised by his music.The  attraction is there,as soon as you listen to his music,not forgeting his  gifted voice,which completes the package!But there are some tracks which do  not appeal to me,the duets.I think the music and lyrics get rather mixed   up ,and vague when MJ does  duets.Moreover,lyrics written by MJ himself,are  better than those written by others,for some of the songs.They are easier  to understand,and do have some sense in them.If not for these,this  recording whould have earned it's 5 stars.Nevertherless,this album still  stand out to be one of the best in MJ's career.Even though this album does  not stand out to be the top 10 best albums of the 1980s,it definately  stands out to be in the top 100,at least!Trust me,you will not be  dissappointed by this album.It's what pop,and R&amp;B is all about!Some of  my favourite and recommanded track listenings are;&quot;Way u make me  feel&quot;,&quot;Speed demon&quot;,&quot;Another part of  me&quot;,&quot;Dirty Diana&quot;,&quot;Smooth Criminal&quot; and  &quot;Leave me alone&quot;.
0800141628|5.0|The most important things are the hardest things to say - but here goes anyway.......<br />Stand By Me is one of the greatest movies of all time, dealing with that magical time between childhood and adulthood. A period in  life we've all experienced and an epoch we can never recapture.<br />There's  hardly any story to the movie - four pubescent boys have this crazy idea of  going off on a trek to find a dead kid's body. Only Stephen King could have  thought of that, huh? But man! It's the detail that's the killer. Bags of  those little details from your past you thought you'd forgotten, come alive  again in this atmospheric movie. It's kinda like going back in time. Back  there - you know to those long summer days that seemed to last forever.  Gone and out of reach maybe, but still very much alive in the windmills of  your mind. You just gotta see this one. Better still - buy it now on DVD. I  did.<br />My first region 1 and what a difference. Picture quality is  mind-blowing. Sound excellent - crisp as a box of Cheerios. Hey! You can  even see all the little blemishes on the actors' skin. The colors are  vibrant and extremely realistic. The whole thing just comes alive on your  TV screen.<br />My only regret is that they never made a few sequels. A  'must-have' for cinema lovers everywhere.
B000000OUE|5.0|This CD is great. White Zombie was (is?) in my opinion one of the 90s best rock / metal groups, along with the likes of Tool. This CD is full of songs that are monstrously heavy yet infectiously catchy. All the songs are good,  my favorite is either Super Charger Heaven or El Phantasmo and the  Chicken-Run Blast-o-Rama. A great rock CD, buy it. Rob Zombie as a solo  artist is okay, but White Zombie was much better.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Wow. A great third cd from Rage against the machine. Powerfull lyrics back the great guitar riffs that will keep you humming for hours on end. Not so much a sonic assault as Evil Empire, but they vary the tempos and styles of  music. Overall, very powerful and musical.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This must be the most musically profound CD I have heard in years. To all die-hard Metallica fans out there - you MUST have this one!  Michael Kamen has blended the harmonic tones of the San Francisco Symphony with the raw  power of Metallica so perfectly that you almost have to wonder why no one  has thought of it before. To hear a full blown orchestra dive headlong into  power tunes like &quot;One&quot; ,&quot;Master of Puppets&quot;,and  &quot;Battery&quot;,and be able to play with the same fire and intensity as  the band is astounding. The &quot;Call of the Ktulu&quot;, which by itself  is impressive, is just awe-inspiring paired with Kamen's group of musical  pioneers. I can not wait for the video/DVD to see the visual power of this  performance. I think that all current fans will enjoy this one immensely,  however I also believe that it will win over a few new fans!
0451191153|5.0|After seeing a short documentary of Ayn Rand, a story of married unconsenting/consenting swinging couples(of which Ayn and her lover were the antagonists), I was able to see the strength that she possessed.  I was  entrigued by this women who spared no thought, action, nor passion on idle  time.  She certainly was ahead of her time then &amp; and now - 57 years  later.  Fountainhead, is facinating, not only because of the strength it  possesses in substance, language and conviction, but because it circumvents  all coventional perceptions.  Given to me by a dear friend and interesting  scholar, it is no wonder he gave me such a treasure.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is by far the best red hot chile peppers cd.  It has all of the great hits that you hear on the radio.  Around the world and Scar Tissue are probably the most popular songs on the cd.  It has a mix of great music.   This is the best Red Hot Chile peppers cd ever.
0425170349|5.0|Tom Clancy is the best.  I've never read a better action book in my life.  I play the game Rainbow Six: Rogue Spear and the game really helps me imagine myself in the book.  I reccomend this book to anyone that enjoys  terrorist and mystery books.  I expect Clancy to make a movie out of this  book because it is so good.   I've read it about 4 times and I haven't  gotten sick of it yet.  I have bought this book for many people and they  loved it just as much as I do.  BUY THIS BOOK!  YOU WILL BE DISSAPOINTED IF  YOU DON'T!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Having seen the S&amp;M performance live in Madison Square Garden i can say that the one good thing about this is that you can actually hear the symphony playing! An excellent live show and an excellent album to  compliment it
0446525537|1.0|I'd never read anything by Sparks before, and must say I'm not terribly impressed.  The plot was extremely predictable, the characters unrealistic and pigeonholed, and the writing style lazy.   On a positive note: the  cover was pretty.
B000002BE9|5.0|This CD is absolutley amazing. The vocals are amazing, as are the lyrics and the instruments. Everyone should have this CD.
B000002H4Q|5.0|I remmber them in the 80's when I was a metal rocker and my brother liked them and was a goth. I never really liked the cure all that much in my life but I did have &quot;Disintergration&quot; and loved their song  &quot;Burn&quot; on The Crow soundtrack. One day I was in the car and had  the radio on and heard &quot;Just Like Heaven&quot; and I thought it was  amazing so I searched my record store for this song and finally found this  album and bought it. now I can't get enough of the cure and I look back to  see that &quot;Disintergration&quot; is an amazing album and probaly their  best. If you dont know the cure all that well GET THIS ONE! its a great  start then go get &quot;Disintergration&quot; and &quot;Boys dont cry&quot;  and the rest.
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is considered as one of the best.  As we all know, this album contains the greatest hits of Celine Dion plus her new seven songs which are incredible.  If you are a great fan of hers, I recommend you to buy  this album.  A tremendous singer with a soft, lovely voice!
B000023VR9|4.0|This album is certainly the hottest gangster rap album available. The chronic blasts
0767802659|1.0|This is about as bad a movie as I have ever seen, there are some who say we are missing the point, that this is supposed to be satirical, but it is hard to get to the point with such a horrid plot and acting. The effects  are unbelievably excellent, but cannot salvage this movie. If you like very  bad, campy movies, check out \\"Plan 9 form outer space\\" at least the acting  was better.
0792835719|5.0|Has always been one of favourite sci-fi films.  The DVD version I just purchased was superb - no blemishes at all.  The trailer was fun too!
0671027344|5.0|I'm on break from college and while in New York I decided I needed something to read.  Walking into the Virgin Records Megastore in Times Square and down into the book section, the first book I picked up off the  shelf happened to be a copy of The Perks of Being a Wallflower.  I'd never  heard of it before, but the back caught my interest.  Thumbing to the title  page, I noticed that it was actually signed by the author (none of the  other copies were, and I happened to pick this up first).  Do you ever have  that feeling that books find you for a reason?  I did, and I bought it, and  I devoured it in two days, and it has been on my mind ever since.  This  novel was refreshing because of its very innocence and accuracy.  It  realated to my previous life as a high schooler and a lot of it seems to  carry over to college.  It's a modern day Catcher.  I can't see how anyone  could possibly criticize this novel.  To say anything bad about it is to  miss the point entirely.  It's a vision of how good the universe could  really be, despite the crazed insanity of growing up.  Unrealistic?  Maybe.   Idealistic?  Definitely!  God, please give me more.    If ever we could  hold on to this innocence and not lose it by writing self-indulgent and  critical reviews which only reek with snobbery and are written by people  who have never really lived, then maybe we could really understand what it  means to be human. This book is real, and despite being a little too  stereotypical at times, it still holds some emotional answers.  If life is  not about feeling infinite sometimes, then what the hell are we living for?
039472903X|4.0|I'm writing my thesis (to graduate at Cattolica University, Milan)on this subject: &quot;Professional advertising: from american theory and practice to a possible use in Europe.&quot; I found in the book great ideas and  helpful suggestions. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to find a more specific  book on my subject. Please, help me in my research! Send me an e-mail at  laurandro@libero.it. Thank you, I'll appreciate it... much!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is awesome. Their first CD, My Own Prison, was great. They have a sound and a vison that go excellent together. There is so much energy in their music. I have read the lyrics many times, and every time I re-read  them, I find something new. Messages of peace and silenced corruption are  spoken in very powerful words. Creed's new CD, Human Clay, is by far the  most comforting CD I own. I listen to that CD every day and it helps me  live through the day sometimes. Their first CD, I feel, was more of a loud  protest. This CD is better described as a way to relate. Creed has a sound  that is original and lyrics that are complex. Creed; a band that should be  heard by everyone. Because even the people who don't much care for Creed's  genre of music can find something they like. Creed; a band that should be  heard by anyone who likes the fact that they can relate. Creed; a band that  should be heard period.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Once again, Metallica proves why they are the best band around.  No matter what the current trends are in music, Metallica continues to be the leaders.  A truely amazing CD that every Metallica fan should have.
B00000K31V|4.0|This is a movie for very specific tastes.  Dispite what the publicity, its not a mystery or even really a thriller, but hey they've got to find a way to market it right?<br />The movie is a comedy, in the same vein as Brazil and  Starship Troopers.  Yes it is the Funny side of videodrome, but remember  how long it took videodrome to get the status it has now.  Don't be  mistaken by the Matrix comparisons, this is not a Matrix type film in any  way shape or form.  But if you get the jokes that DC is throwing out there,  and just have fun with it (The first time DC has ever asked that of an  audience) the film has a charm.  This is not as polished a film as Dead  Ringers or Crash, but one of his more rough films like Scanners, Videodrome  or the Fly.<br />Remember this is not an action film, this is not The Matrix,  Virtuosity or even Johnny Mnenonic (God forbid) and probably the best thing  that can be said is that this is the inside joke DC is giving his fans (A  small but DEDICATED group) but to those fans this is a welcome addition to  the form and a pleasant reminder that smaller more personal  films do stand  a chance of being made without selling out.<br />David, Please keep up the  outstanding work.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think this movie makes you think about your life and how you deal with reality. It kinda wakes you up , so you see things in a different light. A must see for sci-fi fans!
B00000K19E|5.0|Matrix is the first movie that I loaded into my new DVD player. The visuals and sound tracks far surpassed the VHS movies that I am used to. The movie is fast paced, and a startling concept. I've watched the movie  six times and have not found any glaring future-tech blunders that usually  ruin these types of movies. I find Matrix to be a very satisfying  future/sci/tech movie that I highly recommend.
0684867621|5.0|King takes us with him to make a trip through hell. Through the eyes of a young girl, he describes in an excellent way, the fears of a young girl in the woods. I felt really the horror of being lost in my stomach. This is  one of the best books I read of King. In Holland me and my friends say:  'Een prachtig boek, met duidelijk voelbare spanning.'<br />see you
B0000062GK|5.0|This album is possibly satriani's best, full of futuristic sounds with new melodies and harmonies. It mixes the classic with some alternative rock rythms. Satriani shows his versatily from smashing solos to nitid ballads  with a jazzy touch: &quot;Love thing&quot; Most of the songs show tight  rock-like rythms.  The overall theme in the music is well reflected in the  name of the album, which, together with the names of the songs: &quot;A  piece of liquid&quot; draw a clear graphic, almost material image of the  sound.  Maybe some of the songs will leave rock guitar fans a little hungry  for solos, I mean really fast solos with tricks and licks, like in most of  the heavy songs from Surfing....., but I would say the quality of the  compositions and sounds obtained here is much higher. Overall, it is more  open for all public, not only headbangers and guitarrists.
B00000637V|5.0|O.k. reviewing this c.d. is tricky since I believe it is different from any other work of music done before it or since. The producer Bob Ezrin once told lou before this album was released that they should put this  album in a box, put that box in a closet, Lock the closet and forget it  ever exists. Sometimes I wish he had. This album is one of the most amazing  albums I have ever heard. It can be so beautifull in the dark corners it  explores but it rips your emotions apart. Somedays I just want to throw the  album away because it puts me in such a deep state of depression but at the  same time I can't stop listening to it. If you like lou's work try this cd  with open arms but don't say you wern't warned
B000001E7V|5.0|This is the album that started it all. The new style of music known as Trip-hop was made famous by this landmark album. Every song has an open breathy feel,with a dark overtone.Banging noises with crackling mysterious  vibrations fill the air as Tricky and his guest vocalist Martine magically  mix into one voice throughout the album. This is definitely a must-have for  all who are interested in listening to the style created by Tricky,  trip-hop.
B00001OH80|4.0|This is my favorite cd out of the ones bowie did in the 80's. Even though it has a bunch of remakes of older songs and it doesn't break any new ground, most of it has a nice feeling too it. It does have some tracks that  don't really meet his standard but it is worth it for the remake of god  only knows.   P.s. Bowie released a statement over a year before these  reissues were released asking that they don't have the bonus tracks because  it takes away from the original work. SO THERE WERE NO PROMISES MADE ON  BONUS TRACKS. That reviewer made up those promises in his own mind.
B000002VMH|5.0|I love the Eurythmics and Annie Lennox but it took me a while to get used to the style of this album; I expected the same sound. Why did I give it another TRY? Watched the VH1 &quot;Best Women&quot; slog &amp; other  artists I respect mentioned this album by name as seminal. PLAY it LOUD.  PLAY it OFTEN. Voice great as always.
B00001U0GQ|1.0|I want to say first and foremost that this is one of my all-time favorite films. That said, this version was hyped as being Michael Mann's definitive vison of this film and rumor had it that it was going to be released with  15 to 20 minutes of additional footage which would explain many things that  were vague in the original theatrical release. Not only does it not  deliver, but whoever edited this butchered some of the most classic lines  in this particular film, which is unfortunate because they go a long way  toward explaining the animosity Hawkeye has toward Major Duncan and the  three mohican's hostility toward the British in general. The original  release was 114 minutes runtime, this release says 117 minutes on the case  but on the disc itself it says 114 minutes as well.<br />This was a great  remake of a classic story but to claim this version is a director's cut is,  in my mind, nothing short of false advertising and fraud, and would appear  to be nothing more than a ploy to generate sales of a DVD during the fast  approaching holiday season.
067101756X|4.0|The strongest point to this book is the detail with which Corso describes his anecdotes.  But as anyone can tell you, detail does not necessarily mean the truth.<br />The only choices therefore are: 1) He's telling the  truth; 2) He's telling the truth mixed with fiction; 3) He's lying thru his  teeth and laughing all the way to the bank.  You have to ask yourself, what  are the chances of it being the first choice?<br />As it turns out, the detail  provides for an interesting and entertaining read.  No matter what what you  believe, I think you'll find this book worth reading--if you like this kind  of stuff.<br />As for me, I just keep an open mind until I have definitive and  corroborating evidence--just because I say I saw a UFO doesn't mean I saw  one.
B000000WA4|5.0|I love this CD, The songs have an emotional effect on me. Beautiful for example, reminds me of my daughter and her horse back riding and 1979 reminds me of when my younger sister was young. This CD is just an overall  great CD.
B00000K19E|5.0|This film is the best film i have ever seen.The special effects are UNBELIEVABLE and for the acting, it was brilliant.This is a must see movie.
0141301066|5.0|I thought this book was a great children's book especially if the child loves humor and wants to read something funny.I wouldn't want to give the storry away, but it kept me page-turning and I hope it keeps you doing the  same. ENJOY!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Well, Daniel and Darren did it! They were their own hard act to follow and they pulled it off. &quot;Affirmation&quot; was well worth the wait. Daniel's melodies combined with Darren's sometimes haunting, sometimes  frenetic, somtimes hopelessly romantic lyrics left this listener breathless  and in tears at times. This cd ranks as one of my &quot;Top 10 CDs to Have  If Ever Stranded On A Desert Island&quot;.  My congratulations to Daz and  Daniel. This one's a keeper.
0783222955|5.0|This movie definitely makes my top ten of the greatest movies ever made.This wide screen version not only has fantastic picture quality, but also has the original trailer and a short &quot;making of the movie&quot;  at the end. If you still have doubts about this movie, rent it. You won't  be sorry!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I've been waiting since 4/22/99, when I saw this concert live, for this CD to be released. I was intrigued by the idea of Metallica playing w/the San Francisco Symphony - especially with Michael Kamen doing the orchestration.  I've never heard a live show sound SO good on CD. Metallica's songs, heavy  as they may be, really benefit from the rounded sound the Symphony adds. It  is abundantly evident that a lot of planning and practice went on to make  this concert/album happen, because Metallica and the Symphony mesh  perfectly. EVERYONE on this album is a virtuoso musician. Individual  performances, by the band members and the various instrumental sections of  the Symphony, are very clear and tight, without any ONE element being  overly obvious. Think enhancement. Metallica's songs are great to begin  with and the Symphony brings them up a notch. The songs cover Metallica's  entire career, AND two really great NEW songs, which makes this 2 CD set a  must have for any MUSIC lover's collection - not just Metallica fans!
0380973464|5.0|I felt that with &quot;Cryptonomicon,&quot; Stephenson took a quantum leap forward in the quality of his writing.  In terms of quality of ideas,  &quot;The Diamond Age&quot; was quite good, but in terms of readibility, it  tended to bog down.  &quot;Zodiac&quot; was extremely well-written and had  a puckish quality, but it was not as intricate as the other works.   &quot;Snow Crash&quot; comes the closest to &quot;Cryptonomicon,&quot; but  I personally found the math-encryption angle of &quot;Crypotonomicon&quot;  more compelling than the Sumerian mythology of &quot;Snow  Crash.&quot;<br />The amazing thing about &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot; is how  much of a rewrite of U.S. history from pre-World World Two through the  present Stephenson has managed to do.<br />Stephenson's attention to detail  pays off here; terms such as &quot;fractally weird&quot; are inspired  brilliance and stay in the mind long after reading them.
B00002MZ4W|3.0|i thought tidal was much better this a good disc w/ some good beats but its depressing and she puts more of her heart and soul into this album but theres something about tidal that makes that one a better cd
0800196341|5.0|I saw this movie over the weekend on cable and thought that it was soo cool. i loved it. it has always been my favorite shakespearian play....now, its one cool movie.
B00002Z88D|4.0|this paticular metallica cd rocks. i liked their other cds too ie. the black album and master of puppets but the content in those albums were a little weak. the content in this cd is outstanding with the explicit lyrics  its real easy to understand what the singers are going through. i  definately have to rank it a four and its way better than any other  metallica cd ive ever heard.
B0000047CX|5.0|First listened to Getz/Gilberto upon recommendation from a friend. It has turned out to be my favorite music for a romantic evening. Two of my fav songs are The Girl From Ipanema &amp; Corcovador(Quiet Nights of Quiet  Stars). I hope you enjoy it as well.
0394810112|5.0|This book was so awesome! It was one of those books that make you want to read again. Roald Dahl is probally the most creative author I know. Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is a very creative book. I am so impressed with this book I gave it 5 stars! It is a true classic.
B00002MZ12|5.0|What can I say about a constant genius?  Absolutely nothing, because this is one of the best live albums I've ever heard.  It's left me speachless!  This goddess decided not to just sing in the same usual format, but changed  her songs to make them more quiet.  It sounds like completely new songs  now, while keeping the meanings the same.  If you buy ANY album this  Holiday Season or any time, buy THIS ONE!  Thank GOD I pre-ordered!
0812504488|5.0|You can't help but love this twisted tale and it's brevity makes it all the more intense.  May be a little tough going for younger readers and possibly not appropriate for anyone under the age of twelve.  Richly  detailed in the description of nightime London and the scenes of violence  are simply astounding.  A must read for anyone who understands the English  language and who loves a story about the atrocities we all are capable of.  Essential reading for the true, dedicated horror fan.
B000003TA4|5.0|There is absolutely no doubt in my mind, as an individual with a vast and diverse music collection (400 pop titles), that Nevermind is one of those  few albums that stands up to thousands of listens.  Don't trust your first  opinions if you just purchased this cd, beacuse it may take time for you to  catch all of the gems on this album.  Lyrics can be found all over the net  and they are a far cry from the pretensious derivatives that ripped off  Nirvana, or the Pixies (i.e. Bush).  &quot;We'll make a pact to learn from  whoever we want, without any rules...Love myself better than you, I know  its wrong but what can I do?&quot; They are lyrics that still mean  something after you have heard all of the formulas.
B000001FAS|5.0|There were other great &quot;southern rock&quot; bands.  I saw them all at the Great Southern, in Orlando.  But Duane and Dickie, nobody could hold a candle.  What could have been, if the group hadn't have been visited by  such tragedy?  &quot;Blue Skies&quot; is such a reason for celebration.  If  Elvis has a band in heaven, Duane is on lead guitar.
B000031XCR|5.0|I love this album to death!  OMG, it is amazing!  Celine is the aBsolute and complete best singer on this planet!  This album has touched my heart and soul so deeply already, every new song is unbelievable,  majestic, amazing! Celine sounds like a true angel, she is heaven'sent!   I haven't stopped listening to it yet!  I am addicted I need a  phyciatrist, I can't stop singing to it~~~ Help!  I love it sooo  much!  Celine definatley went &quot;All The Way&quot; with this  one!  Ahhhh!
B000001FZ6|5.0|THE GREATEST song in the history of rock 'n roll. The pain, the ache, the torment.  And the rest of the album ain't bad, either.  Thank the deity that Clapton is still with us.  I wish Duane was too. Amen.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Some people think Metallica and they see four guys with guitars grinding out heavy metal hits. Then they hear Symphony and think guys in tuxes playing pompous stuffy boring music. This may be right in the minds of some  people, but when you mix these two very different flavors you get and  awesome blend of styles. Metallica writes great songs to start with, and  adding and orchestra makes them even more powerful and grand. I have heard  the whole cd on the radio, heard the live broadcast, and downloaded clips  of the internet. Now that it's out, I haven't listened to anything else.  Metallica takes hits like Master of Puppets, Memory Remains, Nothing Else  Matters, For Whom the Bell Tolls, One, Battery, Enter Sandman, and Sad But  True and adds incredible backup sound. The orchestra accents the guitar  playing and definatly adds to the sound not subtracts. There are even two  new songs, Human and Four Leaf Clover. I will conclude by saying, Get this  cd you will not regret it!
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion , an artist who's feelings filter into her music so delicately , has touched the souls of many people ,including mine . Her talent has once again proven glorious  , in her final album &quot;all the way&quot; .  There aren't enough stars in the sky that could be placed in the ranking of  this album , and all of the other albums she has produced . It is  unfortunate that she has left the industry , but the amount of sincerety ,  and appreciation that she has demonstrated to her fan's , or music lover's  in general , will never be forgotten .
B00000JCOV|4.0|Slipknot is one of my favorite new groups. They have heavy guitars that sound like Korn and Machinehead, but with three percussionists they have a much fuller beat. There are also two dj type memebers who provide weird  scratches and sound clips. Some of the best songs on this cd are Sic,  Eyeless, Wait and Bleed, Spit it Out, and scissors. Download the clips of  Wait and Bleed and you'll see how Slipknot can have vocal harmony and  screaming raw lyrics at the same time! Slipknot is a great cd for the heavy  music fan.
6305627401|3.0|I have been a South Park fan since the first episode screened in Australia (Cartman Gets An Anal Probe), which made me laugh so much it hurt. But as  the series progressed it became less funny. Stone and Parker seemed to  think anything they made will automatically be funny.<br />Now there's the  inevitable movie. I'm not one of those people who takes great offense at  swearing, but it just isn't funny! I didn't laugh the last time I heard the  &quot;F&quot; word, but now I'm supposed to be falling out of my seat with  laughter when it's repeatedly said in a movie.<br />I thought that the USA vs  Canada plot worked fine on it's own, but they've included an unnecessary  subplot involving Satan taking over the world that didn't really seem to  link.<br />And like quite a few South Park episodes, the songs are only funny  the first time. And they were getting too much airplay on the radio before  I had a chance to see the movie (not Stone and Parker's fault though).<br />I  didn't really feel like I was watching anything new either. The movie was  basically plots from various episodes combined into one, the complaint  about Terrance and Phillip (the &quot;Death&quot; episode), Satan and  Saddam being more than just friends (the &quot;Mexican Staring Frog&quot;  episode) etc.<br />Don't get me wrong, there are some genuinely hilarious  moments in this film (I don't want to spoil them for you), but there just  aren't enough of them.
B00002Z88D|5.0|When I first heard of Metallica playing with the orchestra I thought it was going to be a disappointment.  But after seeing the VH1 special, I knew I had to add this to my Metallica collection.  I'm listening to it now, and  it's amazing how the orchestra adds to the songs, and the fact that it is  live only adds to the album. They are one of the best live bands around,  and I had the oppurtunity to attend one of their concerts days before they  went to Berkeley.  IF YOU HAVE EVER THOUGHT OF BUYING A METALLICA ALBUM,  THIS IS THE ONE TO GET.
B00000K27Y|5.0|It's all been said, this CD is a must have. It's for every occasion. Chill out to this CD with a vodka and lime, dance to it and entertain with it. This CD was a given to me as a gift and I can't believe I stuck it at the  back of my CD collection and didn't play it for a month. Now I haven't  taken it out of my machine. This is my favourite CD. If I could only keep  two CD's from my entire collection it would be this and 'Older' George  Michael, another geat chill-out CD.
B00002ZMNW|5.0|In April of 1999 new boundaries were broken yet again by the Rock God's Metallica. Classics like For Whom the Bell Tolls and Master of Puppets tore through the the speakers with a new sound, &quot;a classic sound.&quot;  Harmonies and booming overtones were given a new meaning, and what a better  way to do this than with the San Francisco Symphony. This is the ultimate  concert and a definate must have for the Metallica fans and people who like  &quot;real music.&quot; So if your up for something new and something old  this is the Concert for you!
0385474547|5.0|I particularly enjoyed this book because it expresses the tradition and long held beliefs of African culture with an enthralling plot!  I can't wait to get &quot;No Longer at Ease&quot; and &quot;Anthills of the  Savanah&quot; for Christmas.
B000002GF8|5.0|Syncronicity is a very different album from their previous album Ghost In The Machine and is every bit as good..if not better.<br />Outside of the three biggest hits from the album, Syncronicity I opens up the album in rousing  fashion. Walking In Your Footsteps is a unusual song with a very memorable  keyboard loop. Mother is a gleefully twisted Andy Summers song and Stewert  Copeland's Miss Gradenko is a simple and very playful song, Syncronicity II  is a seeringly dark song and among their best.<br />Tea In The Sahara is a  haunting and atmospheric song with lyrics based upon the novel The  Sheltering Sky. Ending the album is Murder By Numbers which is a real jazzy  number.  <br />Sting's lyrics are among the most evocotive and haunting he's  ever written. Andy Summers guitars shine through out the album and Stewart  Copeland's drumming is both powerful and graceful. Syncronicity is simply  one the best albums to come out of the 80's and thus the final studio album  from a terrific band known as The Police.
B000002B7M|5.0|The whole CD is awesome.Also there is Crazy train,that is the best track ever,after Iron man! It's the the first (after Black Sabbath) Ozzy Osbourne album,and i think that it's the greatest!
B000002IOW|5.0|Presto was my first Rush album that I bought, I had heard a number of songs from their earlier albums. I was never a huge fan of Geddy Lee's high pitched singing but their talent was never questioned.<br />On Presto  everything comes together perfectly. Neil Peart's drumming is simply  spellbinding and his throught provoking lyric writing is among his best.  Geddy Lee's vocals have always been passionate but over the years his voice  has deepened to just the right pitch. Alex Lifeson's guitars are awesome as  usual.  What makes Presto stand out is the very evocotive textures that  they've weaved into the songs.  The subtle percussion that opens Show Don't  Tell, the Piano chords on the end of The Pass and throughout Red Tide and  Availible Light, the acoustic guitar on Presto.<br />Stand outs are Show Don't  Tell, The Pass, Red Tide, Superconductor and Availible Light<br />Producer  Rupert Hine brings some new twists to Rush's music. Gone are the Sci Fi  synthesizers, in are Piano and crafty keyboard lines. Neil Peart's drums  never sounded so powerful, Geddy Lee's driving bass is superb and Alex  Lifeson's guitar work is diverse and makes every note work to perfection.  Presto is a wonderfully crafted Rock album, thought provoking songs and a  great sense of melody.<br />Rush's music has evolved over the years unlike  many of their contemporaries, The ten minute guitar solos and Sci Fi epics  may be gone but Lee, Lifeson and Peart continue to play music that is  intense and impassoned as ever.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Simpy put. Ms. Apple's second CD is her best.  Lots of verve, lots of zest.  Like the guitars and the rest.  Bravo!
0790733897|5.0|Steve McQueen is really a good actor!... Great car chase with wonderful effects, with music to hear the cars sounds. A classic.
B000001FDQ|5.0|Yngwie Johann Malmsteen is one of the most technically accomplished guitarists from the eighties &quot;shred&quot; era, when guitar playing was all about showing off with obscenely fast fretboard gymnastics. On this,  his debut album with his old bandmates from Sweden, he stunned the guitar  world and inspired a generation of gratuitously fast guitarists to bone up  on their alternate and sweep-picking abilities. Coupled with a strong sense  of classical harmony and Hendix inspired phrasing, Yngwie's unique playing  is still regarded by many as the definition of great guitar playing, and  this is exemplified by his incredible virtuosity on tracks like &quot;Far  Beyond the Sun&quot;. A subtler side to his playing is shown on the  &quot;Icarus Dream Suite&quot;, whilst the two vocal excursions are  acceptable (if not classics!). I would definately recommend this album as  an excellent example of the blending of technical wizardry, classical  harmony and blistering showmanship that is present in Yngwie's playing.
0784010528|5.0|My only friend, the end... this is the most amazing film I've saw.The actors are very excellent and I saw this movie hundreds of time. I'm french and I've this film in original release (in english without subtitles)but  there's no widescreen on the vhs, that's unfair! In france, all imported  films have automaticaly the widescreen. Val Kilmer was the right man to  play Jim morrison. Very good movie! A movie to have at home.
B000002I6V|5.0|What can I say? It's perfect. Any man who has had one moment of clarity in his life can identify with this. Perfection.
B000002UB3|5.0|Simply one of the finest rock albums ever recorded
B000002GW5|5.0|Here JB has put into song all the reasons those of us who tour love this business, and Hate it..  Nothing can be said that does justice to a man who can take all the emotions, good and bad, of working to put a show up  everyday and take it down everynight..  The load out and stay being the  obvious tribute to his roadies and fans although we like to think it's to  all of us..  Nothing But Time is as close as most people will ever be to  the draining feeling of right now being on a 45' Eagle with nothing but  time between here and the next gig, although I've never had trouble  sleeping once that hum starts, it makes me think of all the good times we  had just trying to pass the time in a 9' by 45' silver coffin doing 80!   Rosie, Rosie,  what can I say but he captures the emotion of going to bed  alone every night, after being around thousands of gorgeous women who would  gladly go to the bus with you, if only you were in the band instead of the  monitor mixer....  This is the ultimate roadies companion and for those of  you who always wanted to know what it was like being a roadie..  take it  from me.. if you want to know.... buy the album,  the pays better!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is an original idea, and works surprisingly well.  I wasn't disappointed by any track, and the selection was good.  I was especially pleased to see Call of the Ktulu; however there's nothing from Kill 'Em All  or Garage Inc, and where's Fade to Black?   In fact, if I ruled the world,  the track listing wouild be:<br />Disk I<br />Ecstasy Ktulu Puppetz Eye of the  Beholder!  Thingy Fuel Memory Clover Hero DD Bleeding<br />Disk II<br />Fade to  Black!  The Four Horsemen!  Of Wolf and Man Sabbra Cadabra!  Fixxxer!   Welcome Home (Sanitarium)!  Merciful Fate!  Unforgiven!  Unforgiven2!   Am I Evil? <br />Disk III (same)<br />Nothing Sleepz Bellz -Human Roam Outlaw  Sad One Sandman Battery<br />Well, I guess a double is expensive enough...   The new songs, BTW are excellant, and sound as if they came from Black...
B00002Z88D|5.0|WHAT A GREAT CD. NOT AS HEAVY AS PAST CD'S BUT IS MORE POWERFUL. THE ORCHESTRA SOUNDS AWESOME IN THE THE BACKGROUND. IT ADDS ALOT TO METALLICA'S MUSIC. IT HAS A MIX OF THEIR SONG FROM BEGINNING TO NOW. IT ALSO HAS TWO  UNRELEASED SONGS WHICH ARE VERY GOOD. BUY THIS CD.
B000002U9W|5.0|Opinions of Pink Floyd fans on this early album seem to differ as much as  the general public's opinion on the band itself. And even &quot;Atom Heart  Mother&quot; supporters disagree on which tracks on the album are worth the  effort. For me, this 1970 recording has far more pros than cons, with the  20-minutes-plus title track being a revelation.<br />So I'll quickly say that  I consider &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; dull and &quot;Alan's Psychedelic  Breakfast&quot; hard to digest. Roger Waters' &quot;If&quot; on the other  hand is delicate lunacy, and Rick Wright's &quot;Summer of '68&quot;  already holds the key elements to what would be the band's further  path.<br />The masterpiece of the album, however, and one of Pink Floyd's  all-time milestones, is the title track which shows all the band's future  ability. Five years before the unequalled &quot;Shine On You Crazy  Diamond&quot;, there's your pounding drum and bass rhythm, your flowing  keyboard and the incomparable guitar solo on top - their trademark sound is  born.<br />And there's more: written by all four band members together with  avant-garde composer Ron Geesin, the song contains rather unexpected horn  sections as well as haunting voices singing in some indiscernible language.  While these additions were dropped on later albums, their sound engineer  returned in 1973 for &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; before founding his  very own &quot;Alan Parsons Project&quot;. Especially the first section of  &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot; finds its logical continuation in that latter  unit's achievements &quot;Pyramid&quot; (1979) and &quot;The Turn of a  Friendly Card&quot; (1980).<br />In contrast to that, German metal posers  &quot;Scorpions&quot; didn't carry on from where Pink Floyd left off but  copied off it instead. The chord sequence of &quot;Still Loving You&quot;  is shamelessly ripped out the middle of the &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot;  title track. Yet another reason to dislike that band.<br />All in all, this is  Pink Floyd's first masterpiece in a series that includes &quot;Dark Side of  the Moon&quot;, &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, &quot;The Wall&quot; and  &quot;The Final Cut&quot;.
0553275976|3.0|As I first began reading the book several years ago, I thought it was quite intriguing and well-done.  As the book went on however, I realized none of the characters were three-dimensional.  The situations in which  they were placed could certainly happen, but the complexity of character  doesn't equal the plot structure.  It was worth reading, but it's not  something I'll ever return to.
B000021XS0|4.0|Dream Theater can best be decribed as the Beatles of progressive rock, holding that title ever since Queensryche dropped the ball in 1997. They are the best; incredible musicians that can actually write good songs,  craft melodies and keep the interest of the listener.<br />&quot;Scenes from a  Memory&quot; is no exception.  It is not flawless; the lyrics dont always  hold up too well.  The story (this is the bands first attempt at a full  length concept album) is about what you'd expect from a band that spends 9  hours per day practicing; not very interesting, sort of a cross between  &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; and an episode of Unsolved Mysteries. But when  the bands goes for their classic, balls-out rock approach, the results are  truly exhilerating. Especially worth checking out is &quot;Home,&quot; the  most powerful and moving song that Dream Theater has ever recorded.<br />If  you are a fan of heavy rock, give Dream Theater a try. However, although  this album is great, I would recommend their masterpiece,  &quot;Awake.&quot;
B00000DHRZ|5.0|First off, this cd is awesome!I love every track including the &quot;Pretty Fly&quot;violin remix.Why the hell do they say this contains explicit lyrics? One or two swears isn't explicit!Best tracks are Staring  At the Sun,The End of The Line and Have You Ever.A must.Buy it!
B00002Z88D|5.0|this one has two new song, all the good oldies (exept some from load) and a great cover for a score of &quot;the good,the bad and the ugly&quot; and its all with the simphony too.
B00000JCB3|5.0|What track is Eminem on? he rocks!Great cd. Buy i
B000002UDB|5.0|THIS IS A FANTASTIC ALBUM-PERIOD.!  I LOVE IT ALL,FOOL ON THE HILL,BLUE JAY WAY,STRAWBERRY FIELDS,ALL YOU NEED,HELLO-GOODBYE,FLYING,AND OF COURSE I AM THE WALRUS. POSITIVELY A MUST HAVE-AND FOR THOSE WHO SAY&quot;IT'S A  COMEDOWN AFTER PEPPER&quot;, LIGHTEN UP-THIS ALBUM IS A BLAST AND IF IT  AIN'T IN YOUR COLLECTION,YOUR COLLECTION JUST AIN'T COMPLETE!
B000000IUK|5.0|ANYONE WHO CHARACTERIZES THIS ALBUM AS A &quot;SELL-OUT&quot; ALBUM HAS REALLY GO TO OPEN THEIR EYES.  DO ME A FAVOR AND LISTEN TO MAIN-STREAM RADIO STATIONS TODAY MY FRIENDS.  WHAT DO YOU HEAR? I'LL TELL YOU WHAT YOU  HEAR! RICKY MARTIN, HANSON, BACKSTREET BOYS, SMASH-MOUTH, SUGAR-RAY, ETC,  ETC, ETC.  THE JOSHUA TREE SHOULD BE PRAISED, AND NOT RIDICULED BY SOME  PEOPLE, AS BEING A RARE CASE WHEN A COMMERCIALLY SUCCESSFUL ALBUM ACTUALLY  HOLDS MERIT.  I MEAN, DID YOU LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM?  THERE'S NOT A SONG,  EVEN THE ONES THAT HAVE BEEN PLAYED TO DEATH, THAT ISN'T ABSOLUTELY  BEAUTIFUL, BOTH LYRICALLY AND MUSICALLY.  THIS ALBUM ACTUALLY INFLUENCED ME  TO VISIT JOSHUA TREE NATIONAL PARK, CA. - AND I'M FROM NEW YORK!   IT WAS  THE MOST AMAZING EXPERIENCE TO TAKE IN THE MUSIC AND THE SCENERY AND  CONNECT WITH IT ALL.  AND BELIEVE IT OR NOT, I'M NOT EVEN A FREAK!  I LOVE  THIS ALBUM.  IT IS THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME.
0792836014|4.0|I already owned TTWII on VHS and I bought the DVD version thinking the sound would be improved. What a let down. My Mobile Fidelity CD of &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; is among my favorites. Because of the sound I don't know if I'll ever watch the DVD again. <br />This review was first written for the original DVD version. The sound on the Special Edition is great, but I wish they'd stuck with the original performances. Whereas Elvis was serious and rarely joked while singing in the original, he seems bored and distracted too often in the new version. The picture quality on the Special Edition is a vast improvement as well. Plus I'm glad the fan segments are gone.
0425170055|5.0|This is my first Tom Clancy novel, though after readingit I am determined to read all the others as well. It is a brilliant book all about spying, terrorism and killing - the contents of a good book!<br />The plot is a secret  multi-national counter-terrorism group is formed to get trained to  specialise specially with dealing with terrorists. They are picked from the  CIA, SAS and other such organisations.<br />Formed in time for a wave of  attacks, an unusual amount. Is it just coincidence, or is someone causing  it? Then unfolds the larger plot. Towards the end it all gets very close  and anything could happen, you just have to find out what'll happen and  can't put the book down till you do. It is a really great book, though not  for light readers, being about 1000 pages long!
6305627347|5.0|not for anyone under the age of 25 or 30!  Hilarious, ingenious, funny!  Didn't stop laughing the whole time - not for the easily offended!   But if you're into amusement at the expense of others, this is the video for  you!
0679731725|5.0|The Booker Prize has Kazuo Ishiguro to thank for raising the reputation of the British award in the American market.  This is simply a great literary novel. It is an organically crafted novel which uses the unreliable first  person narrative technique to great effect. Stevens expresses himself with  elegant phrases indicative of his station, which immediately endears him to  readers who respect civility of manners. (And who doesn't, right?) But then  the novel starts to turn. Stevens is above all a dedicated professional  butler, but his actions are morally in question.  From the opening chapter  Ishiguro immediately presents one of the major themes of this ambitious  novel: what is the nature of professionalism? Is it doing one's job without  question, at the expense of one's humanity? Is professionalism the only  moral guide in the modern era? Is professionalism at odds with 19th century  European ideals? This story starts out as a seemingly silly debate about  whether to take a drive in the English countryside or not, but over course  of the novel it expands into a debate about the moral questions of the 20th  century--quite a feat. The love story with Miss Kenton is  memorable, but  it is really the big questions that make this one of the most important  novels of the 1990s. A great book for English literature classes.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The original music with the symphony woven in makes this a must-have even if you own all the songs on this album. The two new songs rule too!
B000002IV8|5.0|the best and the least recogonized of the great thrash bands.Horroscope I hear black The years of decay are all favorites of mine. also there new album Necroshine is a complete return to form. check them out...
0399103422|5.0|What else can I say. A must read for anyone interested in Mafia. One of the greatest books I have ever read!
6302529484|5.0|Tonight, we'll be picking up our tenth copy of this show.  Makes one of the best bang-for-your-buck gift out there.  Somehow, it's managed to beat out Bevis, Austin &amp; Pokeymon on our family's list of role models with  depth.  <br />Tremendous, well woven tale of courage and forgiveness.
B000001Y42|5.0|If you love heavy and Hip Hop, this is your CD. I think this Cd is better than Signifigant Other. The best songs are Counterfeit, Stuck, Faith, and more. What am I saying! This whole CD is awesome! If you don't like this CD  you are out of your mind and have bad taste! Fred Durst is awesome!
6305358613|5.0|Wonderful movie. Totally gripping and looking more like the Godfather than a period piece.<br />There is some historical inaccuracy though. Elizabeth knew of Dudley's marriage all along and the French marriage proposal didn't  come along until she was in her forties. However Dudley was the same age as  her, it was the Earl of ESSEX who was 30 years her junior. They really  should make another film about her and Mary Queen of Scots.<br />Cate  Blanchett is amazing as she goes from an innocent girl to an all-powerful  monarch who has no choice but to crush her enemies. She was completely  ROBBED of an Oscar for this role. Her performance is of so much higher a  quality than Gwyneth Paltrow's in Shakespeare that you wonder if voters  bothered with watching this movie at all.
B00002Z88D|1.0|the title of this review says it all.  any true heavy metal fan will never ever buy this cd.
6305171769|4.0|This is the only follow-up I will accept as a real sequel to the original.Forget parts 2&amp;3,you won't miss a thing!  Halloween was a thrill ride primarily because it relied on a character with motivation for  mayhem and yet not a drop of blood was spilled. Any film can scare by  flashing gruesome images, but Halloween delivered a Psychoesque approach to  film-making.I still look over my shoulder in the shower after Phycho, and  I'd think twice before babysitting alone after Halloween. H2O is a plot  based, terrifying and surprisingly believable follow up of the characters  that made this film great.If they managed not to spill any blood in it, I  would've given it 5 stars!  But, hey, nobody's 'Perfect'.
B000023VR6|5.0|It is hard to believe that Dr. Dre could create an album as poinnant and fresh as his first. However on &quot;2001&quot; he has managed to keep his title as one of the most prolific and gifted rappes/producers alive. Dre  along with his talented guests NEVER drop the ball.Each song on the album  seems better than the last. All other hip/hop records should wait six  months before they are released.                                                    PS. This is coming from a huge Biggie fan
B0000214F2|3.0|If you are looking to laugh, go elsewhere. Why this is advertised as a comedy, I will never know. If you want a good cry and a healthy dose of social outrage,then you'll enjoy this. But, then why not pick up William's  better effort, Awakenings? Patch Adams is not a bad film, if it could have  decided what genre to be in, it would have been better. This may be an  interesting true story, but it may have been better left as a TV movie, or  better yet a thought provoking essay from the likes of Hugh Downs or Barbra  Walters.
B000002KIE|2.0|When I was in 6th grade, be that 1980, a teacher said that &quot;punk&quot; was dead. I have to agree. The Sex Pistols were not the first, best, or most influencial &quot;punk&quot; band. They were simpley  the most commercially successful at that time. Big yip. So the main stream  conformist media hypes them, more people buy them, and it feeds itself.  Anyone with a shred of honesty will tell you that the album is junk by any  standards other than the bottom line. It sells. That does not make it good.  That just makes the album an unwitting parody of itself.
B000002B2T|4.0|Whenever I get in a depressed mood I have certain albums that I listen to.  This is one of them.  It doesn't cheer me up , in the short term it makes me more depressed but in the grand scheme of things, this album cheers me  up in a   bittersweet sense. Play it and enjoy!
B000009ED0|1.0|Like I said it's the worst cd eve
B00000DFRS|4.0|I hadn't bought a Whitney Houston record since her debut, although I still liked some of her subsequent recordings.  After seeing her in concert this past summer, I had to get her latest CD, because the live versions were so  wonderful.  I am not disappointed.  At least half of the songs are out of  her normal range of recordings.  I would recommend this CD to anybody who's  looking for something fresh from Whitney...but don't expect an album full  of ballads!  Although they've released four top ten singles already (plus  the Mariah Carey duet), there's at least two other hit single worthy songs  in this set.
B00000K19E|5.0|Synopsis: A premiere sci-fi film with a lot of action and a thought-provoking premise<br />Overall Entertainment Value: Excellent<br />Violence: Abundant, but not gory<br />Plot: Thought provoking, but  not high brow or preachy<br />Special Effects: Well Done and Visually  Compelling<br />Suitable For Age: Mature 16 <br />Few movies compel me to watch  them more than once. Fewer still can completely hold my interest a second  time. This is one of the rare movies that I can enjoy every few  months.<br />Like Blade Runner, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and even Star Trek/Star  Trek NG, The Matrix invites you to examine your notions of what being  &quot;alive&quot; means. <br />Ironically, the special effects that draw you  into accepting the reality of The Matrix ultimately support a plot that  forces you to challenge any notion you may have about objective reality.  How do you *know* your reality is *the* reality?<br />No, it's not some high  brow intellectual art film; and yes, its violence, while not gory, is  abundant.  This is not a movie for early teens!<br />Nonetheless, if you come  away from it without wondering about the relationship between perception  and reality (or whether objective reality can be proven at all!), then  you'll have missed the point. If so, just go back to watching reruns of  Seinfeld - and other shows that are proudly about nothing at all.<br />For the  rest of you, buy this on DVD because I suspect a VHS tape will wear out  before your interest in this movie.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|Went and splurged on this Limited (limited to 4000 made, mine is # 1400) 2-disc collecters edition, paid a hefty sum and went home to watch the Directers cut with an extra 15 minites of footage and a alternate ending.  Some parts of the Directors cut, like in the windmill scene, were of very  poor quality, it literally looked like a dupe from a cassette, a'la 2nd or  3rd generation. The rest is great but the darker stuff was really grainy.  The audio commentary by Sam Raimi, and Bruce Campbell are worth it all  though. The deleted scenes where intersting, intresting because the color  turned on the print, (that were probibaly stored in a shoe box in Sam  Raimi's basement) and because it looked like something done in the 70's  because of the quality of the print. Which made it all seem surreal  compared with the pristine stuff you see in the movie. Other great stuff I  enjoyed on the dvd where the artists sketches for the monsters and the  storyboard thing was cool. overall this is the definitive disc set to buy  if you are a fan, as far as I know there are three versions (including this  one) out there now of this movie. Two of them by Anchor Bay (who produce  85% great, 15% shoddy transfers)The one thing that is stopping this from  being one of my prized posessions is the dam quality of the Directors cut  transfer, but what can you do but buy it and play it, and love it anyway.
B00000K31V|1.0|This movie is just bad, predictable plot, lame action, and what's with the organic game pods? Save your money and buy the Matrix, or 12 Monkies, or just about anything else. Very dissapointing for a David Cronenberg film.
0792153189|3.0|This movie was a very good movie but was very similar to Armageddon. I think this movie had more heart to it to. If you want action and lots of special effects, get Armageddon. If you want love, heart, and just a great  movie, get this!
0380002930|5.0|Wow. That's one word you'll say after reading this awesome book.It starts out pretty boringly, and you'll get tired of it soon. If you then drop the book and read something else, I feel sorry for you. If you just wait, like,  2 chapters, then you'll get to a suspenseful, action packed, juicy book  that you'd NEVER expect. This book comes chock-full of rabbit folktales,  and new vocabulary, which is not only in english - rabbit language  (Lapine)! I know the rabbit on the cover looks dull, but you know, this  book is like a sparkling gem buried just under the surface of the sand.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Peeps if you like symphonic rock get this CD right now!You like ELO? The strings on Zep&quot;Kashmir&quot;,,,,,? If so then ya gunna love this CD! You get the usual double-barreled Metallica,,,PLUS! Just listen and you  will be a beleiver!
0380002930|5.0|Wow. That's one word you'll say after reading this awesome book.It starts out pretty boringly, and you'll get tired of it soon. If you then drop the book and read something else, I feel sorry for you. If you just wait, like,  2 chapters, then you'll get to a suspenseful, action packed, juicy book  that you'd NEVER expect. This book comes chock-full of rabbit folktales,  and new vocabulary, which is not only in english - rabbit language! I know  the rabbit on the cover looks dull, but you know, this book is like a  sparkling gem buried just under the surface of the sand.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I have been waiting for a new album from Fiona for 3 long years and my wait was worth it.  Her new album is a great follow-up from &quot;Tidal&quot; which I also have in my collection.  When I first heard  &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; on my local radio station it took me by  surprise to hear something totally different from her.  I also loved her  cover of &quot;Across the Universe&quot;.  I was a little hesitant to buy a  CD for just one song but I also like &quot;On The Bound&quot;,&quot;Love  Ridden&quot;,&quot;A Mistake&quot;,&quot;Get Gone&quot;, and &quot;I  Know&quot;.  I hope to hear more from her for a long time.  Congrats Fiona!
0380002930|5.0|Wow. That's one word you'll say after reading this awesome book.It starts out pretty boringly, and you'll get tired of it soon. If you then drop the book and read something else, I feel sorry for you. If you just wait, like,  2 chapters, then you'll get to a suspenseful, action packed, juicy book  that you'd NEVER expect. This book comes chock-full of rabbit folktales,  and new vocabulary, which is not only in english - rabbit language! I know  the rabbit on the cover looks dull, but you know, this book is like a  sparkling gem buried just under the surface of the sand.
630562285X|3.0|First of all, the DVD transfer is *NOT* anamorphic.  I repeat it is NOT 16:9 enhanced. The film is 2.35:1 letterboxed (to 4:3.)  Another Titanic mess-up with the packaging, you could say.<br />The transfer quality is  average, but what do you expect for a cheap Fox SS/SL  (single-side/single-layer) conversion.  Minor compression artifacts are  noticeable throughout the movie, the dark scenes exhibit some film grain  (but that's FILM grain, not commpressino artifact.)<br />Oh what about the  movie, well if you like Sean Connery, you'll like Entrapment.  The plot has  its share of twists and turns (and loopholes, glaring omissions,  misrepresented technology ... &quot;Y2K&quot; give me a break)
B00002MZ12|5.0|I have listened to everyone of her alternative albums. I have the first two, and I am getting the new one. I love Alanis and her music. She inspires me. Alanis Morissette is my angel.
6305426651|5.0|My family loved this movie. My teenagers laughed all through the first half and cried at the end.  Within five minutes, one doesn't even notice the subtitles and the end comes as a complete surprise. Joshua is just  adorable.  Please see this with subtitles, not dubbed.
B00000AFFI|5.0|This may be one of my favorite records of 1998, but it makes for no easy listen. The best songs on this album ( Angeline, The Sky Lit Up, The Wind, My Beautiful Leah, A Perfect Day Elise, Catherine, The Garden, No Girl So  Sweet, and Is This Desire?) conjur up rare emotions and   sweet  atmospheres, but there is also an air of the grotesque.  While earlier  albums like Dry and Rid Of Me made her emotions known ate blistering  levels, Is This Desire makes them known at a whisper. Her songwriting is  some of the scariest I have ever heard here (like the line, &quot;God is  the sweat running down his back, the water turns her blond hair  black.&quot;) It's an uncomfortable album, made for sitting in a chair  watching your knuckles turn white.
068484267X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book!  I found it to be insightful on how he dwelved into his soul and came up with such a wonderful way to get his feelings into words.  I recall seeing someone's review where he mentioned  McCourt being an English teacher and about how he could remember all that  from the age of three.  I'd just like to mention that all English teachers  encourage you to either make it up or infer on some topics or points if you  don't actually remember or know.
B000001IQH|5.0|This is the first and only Rancid CD I have so far, and I love it.  Excellent singing, very unique voice.  I love the catchy tunes, the lyrics, it's an all-around good CD.
B000008M54|5.0|If you're ever stuck on a deserted island this may very well be the album you'd want. Simply, put, it's that good!
6305627401|5.0|I haven't laughed out loud at any movie as much as I did this one. I hope they do another.
630562285X|5.0|Entrapment is a very action packed film.  It DOES NOT use violence or gore to make it entertaining.  It has some intense scenes that keep you on the edge of your seat.  The plot was excellent, and it changed quite rapidly.   The acting and directing was superb.  Sean Connery was better than ever and  Catherine Zeta-Jones added an interesting touch.  I strongly suggest you  rent this, it is well worth it!
B00002DE2L|1.0|I think it's insanity to record the music of Vivaldi today in this manner. Isn't it clear that period instruments are superior in every aspect when it comes to performing baroque music.  The reason that Mutter even is aloud to  record it is because the record company knows that she will sell many  records however she plays the music. I don't think any other company would  aloud a less famous star to record this music today. Check out Il Giardino  Armonico's recording instead and discover the music when it's performed  without any pathetic fragments of romantic 20th century playing.  The one  star value is maybe because of the nice layout of the record. Something to  put on your wall when you have realized that Mutter and her friends are not  really up to it!
630562285X|5.0|Entrapment was action packed, without blood gore or lots of violence.  There were some intense scenes that kept you at the edge of your seat.  The plot changed each minute, which made the movie better.  When I thought the  movie was over, the major point in the plot was about to start.  it had a  great plot and a solid ending.  I found it very entertaining and the acting  was great!
B000002LND|2.0|This CD totally ruined some good songs. Although I  am not a fan of Madonna, I have liked her some songs like &quot;Crazy for you&quot;, &quot;Live to tell&quot;. That is why I bought this cd. But oh, gosh. The  sound quality is horrible. Listen to the original sound track of  &quot;Vision quest&quot;(I mean &quot;Crazy for you&quot;). Then try the  song in this cd. If you are not dumb, you will know how bad the sound  quality of this. Why they did that? They want me to buy her previous albums  again? Crazy-for-Money persons.
6304233639|1.0|trite, unbelieveable, predictable, overrated, mindless Hollywood garbage.  Will Smith once agains proves he has no talent.  the movie is aimed at pre-adolescents and anyone else who has the brain of one.  most Americans  will love this since it formulated for their mental capabilities:   gum-chomping, mall-inhabiting morons.  if this description fits you, well,  sit back and enjoy!  if not, don't waste a minute of your time with this  waste of film.
079070546X|5.0|This movie has to be the funniest movie around. Its become a Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve tradition. The best part was when Clark cuts down the tree and it smashes into the neighbors window taking the window blinds. And  when Clark says a mouthfull of names about his boss.
6304698798|4.0|The DVD is great but does not feature all scenes which originally belong to the movie but were cut because of the film length. Missing are:  The 'Tuco in a cave sequence' (where he hires the  3 banditos), a longer 'Tuco  torturing scene', the 'Eastwood in bed with a mexican woman' sequence and a  short scene which explains how Angel Eyes got the job in the prison camp.
B000009QPE|5.0|Slayer first burst onto the metal scene with Show No Mercy.  This album showcased their songwriting talents(Die by the Sword, Black Magic) but overall was just mediocre, their follow-up(the &quot;Hell&quot; album)  offered much of the same. It wasn't until their third album that Slayer  found the perfect formula for their type of music.  It is called Reign in  Blood.<br />Reign in Blood offers furiously fast &amp; extremely dark music.   Slayer's trademark barbaric chord progressions are still present(Angel of  Death, Piece by Piece, Necrophobic, Reborn &amp; Raining Blood) but the  songwriting overall is much better. Jeff Hanneman finally matures as a  writer &amp; Kerry King contribtes his doomsday lyrics &amp; bezerko solos  as if he's in Hell himself. Tom Araya's vocals &amp; Tom Lombardo's  brilliant technical drumming add the finishing touches to this  masterpiece.<br />Although this album is not musically complex in an extreme  sense(why should thrash be anyway), there are enough meter changes,  ambitious chord progressions &amp; good to great song structures to make  this a timeless classic for the genre it represents. This album has no weak  spots.  It contains the right mix of classic &amp; transition songs to make  it, arugably, the greatest thrash recording ever.<br />Bottom line: if you  love dark, atmospheric metal, buy this now.  Or if you're just looking for  pummeling no mercy music, this will also do the trick.<br />Every track is  good, but the ones to watch out for are Angel of Death, Necrophobic, Jesus  Saves, Reborn, Epidemic, Postmortem &amp; Raining Blood.<br />Chris Raye of  Classic Albums Magazine
6305627347|5.0|Why the hell is this movie in the kids and family section?  Just because its a cartoon, doesnt mean that its automatically a kids movie, in fact that couldnt be further from the truth with this movie!  South Park is not  made for kids, jesus tap dancing christ!  Oh and by the way this movie is  the greatest movie ever made, and I guarantee you will find something funny  , so you can laugh at stuff your not supposed too. Dont worry about getting  offended, it wont happen if you dont let it.  ITS JUST A MOVIE!
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Wether you have heard them or not rage is one of the tightest bands out, their new cd &quot;Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is one of the best cd's I have purchased in a long time. Don't get me wrong the original &quot;Rage  Against the Machine&quot; self titled cd is the king of all their releases  but this i feel is definetly worth adding to your collection. Many tracks  come to mind to remind you of the old cd but the best on the new one is  &quot;Sleep Now in the Fire&quot; awesome lyrics and an amazing beat gives  this song the ultimate feel.
B00000JZC4|5.0|as soon as i heard short bus i was hooked, but title of record is equally amazing. i got a chance to hear them live and they are awesome. i was also able to meet them which was incredible because they are such amazing  people. i highly recommend this for anybody....
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182's sound is so great. My personal favs are Dumpweed, All The Small Things, What's My Age Again, and Going Away to College. The group is awsome and I can't wait till there next album. Their touch of ska and rock  together is so great. That is a cd I have been looking for (it's sound) for  a long time. I recommend it to everyone!
B00002MZ12|4.0|I stood at one of the listening stations in Borders for a long time listening to this CD and grooving along with it.  I'm sure some of the customers thought I was an idiot, but I was really impressed.  I'm not a  huge Alanis fan -- loved Pill, hated Junkie -- but some of the tracks on  the new album blew me away.  My favorite, I have to say, is King of Pain:  Alanis really makes it her own, at least as interesting as the original.   And I love the version of You Oughta Know: the instrumentation is fabulous  and her singing is terrific.  Altogether, she seems to have gotten more  comfortable with her voice on this album and isn't afraid to re-arrange her  own material.
B00000HZH7|5.0|i first heard this record in the 80s i thrashed to it then and listening to it now gives me memories of my death metal daze if your into death then these guys should be on the top of your list       buy or die!
B00000J7RZ|5.0|i would like to #1 say that this is a hella good cd, and to angelfalls, if you don't like it, you could put it in better terms, and if you don't like jennifer, dont watch her movies, do the rest of us REAL  fans a favor! you  dont need to get on Jennifer's site and bash her! if you have sonething to  say to this, e-mail me at Sublimegirl2@yahoo.com and that is for anyone  else who has a comment. i don't know, there may have been more bashers, but  i only saw angelfalls. I AM JENNIFER LOPEZ'S #1 FAN!
B000020617|5.0|THis album reminds me more of the first one than color and the shape. It was kind of mediocre at first but got better the second time I listend. The ECD part is pretty cool. A great buy for FF fans
B00000J7EI|5.0|I'd highly recommend this to anyone looking for unshallow music.   but something must be made straight.  <BR> In flames = Metal<BR> Dissection = black/deathmetal<BR> at the gates = metal/thrash metal<BR> For the  thousands who say that those three bands are inventors/founders of the  gothenburg sound heres news for you.  THEY HAVE CATEGORIES Defining their  styles,  Dark tranquillity didn't,  therefore their style had become known  as gothenburg (their hometown)   For people who didn't know there is only  one band like DT and i can't really applie that to their newer albums only  skydancer and of chaos and eternal night and maybe the gallery.   anyway  either call things what they are or just listen to what you like and throw  away labels cause they make people like me and anyone with half a brain  sick to their stomaches.
B0000021RB|5.0|This is an album that every Chicago fan owns but not every music fan has heard. Not surprising given that its radio unfriendly format - only 1 song less than 4 minutes. And yet it deserves greater recognition. It never bores even after repeated listenings. The noteable \\"hits\\" off this album - \\"Does Anybody Really Know What Time It Is?\\", \\"Beginnings\\", and \\"Questions 67 & 68\\" clearly demonstrate the phenomenal song writing abilities of Robert Lamm. But the real gems on this album are the \\"never heard on radio\\" \\"Poem 58\\", \\"South California Purples\\" and \\"Liberation\\". The first two - penned by Robert Lamm - and the last - a James Pankow composition - feature the scintillating guitar of Terry Kath and a great interchange and progression through each musical element of the band. Truly they demonstrate that Terry Kath was one of the most under-recognized guitar players of modern music and that this band was one of greatest collections of musical talent ever to come out of the US of A. The best song of the album, however, and perhaps the best ever done by Chicago, is \\"Introduction\\". It affords each member of the band a chance to strut their stuff \\"solo\\" while at the same time providing the listener with a wonderfully layered complexity that remains fresh to the ear time and time again. Definitely one of the albums you want when stranded on a desert island.
6305426694|5.0|From beginning to end, &quot;A Civil Action&quot; starring John Travolta and Robert Duvall provided the basic elements of a great movie:  a developed plot, suspense, and humor.  This movie can be enjoyed by  practically everyone, althought it helps to have some legal knowledge, but  what common idiot doesn't? So, run to the store and grab this video off the  shelf before they are gone!
6304539495|5.0|This was my first anime ever, and it was the movie that turned me on to the whole genre. The only problem is that the movie is a tad slow and I feel more could be done with the plot, but the philisophical (spelling) ideas brought up in the movie are facinating, the animation is beautiful  and extremely detailed, and the voice acting is terefic... well, at least  in the subbed version. It's terrible in the dubbed version. Also, I really  wish more of a soundtrack is used... when it is used, it evokes a  wonderfully eerie feeling (check out the minimalistic music during the  scene where the puppet is getting beaten by the Major in the water... I  love that scene 'cause the music makes it so surrealistic). But despite a  few _minor_ shortcomings, this is still a fantastic film and it only  improves upon repeated viewings. O, and I'm gonna smack the next person who  compares this to Blade Runner. I mean, WTF?  The plot simalarites are  nonexistant! Whatever. Just be sure to go the extra mile and get the subbed  version.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I recently had the privildge to see the Nov.23, 1999 S&amp;M show here in New York.To say the show was unbeleivable,would be an understatement.The bringing of two very powerful music forms together and producing what will  no doubt be a must have CD for all time,was pure gutts! Michael Kamen has  taken what many fans have call perfect,and infused a whole new  perspective.This CD offers the listner the power of heavy metal and subtlty  of a symphony emeshed into one fantastic new realm .The thunderous music of  Metallica now being textured with M.Kamen's visions,is a refreshing  reminder that the world of music is truly infinite.The music on this CD is  engulfing and mesmerizing.Songs like Hero of the Day,Until it  Sleeps,One,Master,Battery and the rest, will just captivate you and leave  you thirsting for more.Metallica and Symphony is one of these rare musical  events that should not go un-notice by all music lovers.This CD should help  fans of both realms of music open new doors.If ever you thought that the  combing of two different styles of music never works,this is the CD to  prove you wrong.Take the chance this one is well worth the risk.Your reward  will be ear opening!
B000002H33|5.0|This is the most amazing thrash-metal album ever. I believe Metallica to be one of the last remaining intelligent metal bands, and this album proves my point. When I first bought it a few years ago, I listened to  &quot;Battery&quot; and was like &quot;What's James saying? Bat eat  something? This sucks.&quot; I stopped playing the song and didn't even  bother listening to the other tracks. An entire year later, I listened to  the disc in it's entirety and was compleatly blown away. This is the  heaviest, smartest thrash album in the history of music. It strikes me as a  concept album about the abuses of power, like stated in the Amazon review.  Even songs like &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; have endless variation,  harmony, and many surprizes to keep you listening and paying attention.  Some tracks are played with slow, pulsating riffs (&quot;Leper  Messiah&quot;) and others are played at an almost inhuman breakneck speed  (&quot;Damage, Inc.&quot;). If you like rock, you HAVE to buy this album...  it manages to inject mind expanding lyrics into extremely violent (albeit  intricate) music. A must listen.
0425152251|3.0|An enriching textbook on philosophy and different viewpoints of various philosophers over the centuries. Points brought up in the book are very much worth pondering and set me off thinking constantly during the read.  However, I must admit that certain parts of the book bored me and the  ending was pretty unsatisfactory and seemingly too rushed.
B0000041JU|4.0|This recording is outstanding in every way.  Its definetly one of the best pictures avaliable.  Sometimes I dont agree with Pogorelich but hes fresh and new.  Higly recommendable.
0425152251|3.0|An enriching textbook on philosophy and different viewpoints of various philosophers over the centuries. Points brought up in the book are very much worth pondering and set me off thinking constantly during the read.  However, I must admit that certain parts of the book bored me and the  ending was pretty unsatisfactory and seemingly too rushed.
B000023VTT|5.0|I loved this movie. It is really cute, and it makes me happy
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is a gem of a movie.  I experienced it as a highly emotionaly and brilliantly choreographed science fiction fantasy.  The Wacowski brothers are talented directors.<br />Many of the action sequences are hard to  forget due to their John Woo-esque poetic quality.
0783225482|5.0|When I was 6 or 7, my parents took me and a friend to see this movie in the theatre, I loved it so much! We must have rented in 5 times before my dad finnally got the picture and had a copy of my very own sitting on the  vcr when I got home from school one day, I don't watch it as much now, but  everyonce in a while, the dark comedy is sweet, I think they should have  made willis cuter, like he looked in the 5th element, but other than that,  this movie was perfect!
0800141385|5.0|Funny Girl is the kind of movie every wannabe singer should see.  Streisand does an outstanding job portraying Fanny Brice. The first time I saw it I was 10. I'm waiting to buy it on DVD so it will not wear out and I  can pick any spot to watch in the flick of a button. Don't let your kids  miss this movie!
B0000028UK|5.0|The band chose a new direction for the follow-up to grunge by numbers record &quot;Ten.&quot;   Instead of following the traditional grunge blueprint, they discovered their punky edge. This is no more obvious than  on the frantic,frenzied opener &quot;Go&quot; and the swaggering  &quot;Leash&quot;, where Mike's trademark wah-solo is employed on an  anthemic outro.  On the softer, more balladic side this album also excels.  The ballads &quot;Daughter&quot; and &quot;Elderly woman&quot; both show  off Vedders vocal range and lyrical prowess as well as his determination to  tackle serious issues like child abuse.  All in all, the album is  amasterpiece. It's subtle blend of styles means there is something for  everyone and it's consistency is never deserted, apart from on the grating  &quot;Blood.&quot;  Don't even think about not buying it.
B000005JA8|5.0|I bought Trout Mask Replica as a very young man when I saw the cover. Anything this strange, I thought, deserves a chance.<br />I forced myself to listen to it, once, all four sides -- hell, I'd paid good money for it.  Caveat emptor, I thought to myself, and put it away for several  years.<br />Then, when I was listening to Bongo Fury by Frank Zappa, which  rapidly became one of my favourites, I recognized that voice, reciting the  wierd poetry. I listened to Trout Mask Replica again.<br />I don't know how I  missed it the first time -- not musically sophisticated enough, I guess --  but they were one of the tightest bands I'd ever heard.<br />You will not tap  your foot to Trout Mask Replica, nor will you dance to it. But, if you can  get your head around the oblique, sometimes obnoxious changes and time  signatures (in some songs there are a number of simultaneous time  signatures), you will never be the same.<br />The bass, at times, sounds like  a drunk falling downstairs, but in tight rhythmic harmony with the drums.  They just never miss.<br />This is extremely challenging music. This is not  music for people who want to think about or do something else while they're  listening to it. But it is for people who enjoy the unusual, and appreciate  the whole notion of anti-pop.
6304578482|5.0|Kudrow and Sorvino really shine in under-rated and solid comedic performances. They have the timing and chemistry of the best on-screen buddies and the film uses every bit of technicolor it can, showering each  situation with the kind of incandescent, subversive and ironic wit that  Hollywood needs more of. While the plot is standard, credit should still be  given to a hilarious screenplay that is surprising and winning in it's own  kindhearted way, and perfectly captures the idiosyncratic cadences of  girl-talk circa 80's and 90's. Not since Mary and Rhoda (or Laverne and  Shirley) have we had such a perfect example of how funny girl friends can  be.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Savage Garden's second album has the same electronic, synthesized sound as their debut, but the lyrics lean more towards pop music than the previous album. At times, lyrics like - I might need you to hold me tonight- I might  need you to say it's alright sound like something that could have been  written for the Backstreet Boys. Now, this is good or bad, considering how  you look at it. Backstreet has sold a billion albums worldwide, but they  don't get a lot of credibility from critics. However, the thing that sets  Savage Garden apart from pop groups is definately the lead singer's voice.  It is so beautiful and emotional that songs like I Knew I Loved You and Two  Beds and A Coffee Machine could be enough to move you to tears. I  definately don't regret buying this album, and I don't think you will  either.
B00002Z88D|5.0|when I first found out that Metallica was going to perform with an orchestra I was a little hesitant.  Who would have thought Metallica would ever enter the same building as an orchestra, much less perform with one!    When I first played it I was blown away with how much the other  instruments accually &quot;filled&quot; Metallica's sound giving a new edge  and fullness.  Where some of the Metallica songs started to get bland or  the same, the orchestra just creates such a particular sound that it sounds  sooooo much better.  It has all of the greats from some of the older stuff  as well as some new songs.  The only drawback I did notice was on the back  of the cd.  It lists the songs with only part of their name, this was a  little misleading when purchasing from a store.  Other than that, this cd  is a must-have for anyone that has ever heard any Metallica.  Even if you  havent, this cd is for anyone with a need for metal.
B000001FS3|5.0|The Joshua Tree is the best album of the &quot;Old U2&quot;. It marks the end of a period. After this, Rattle and Hum was nothing more than a little exercise before their other masterpiece Achtung baby, which was the  beginning of the &quot;New U2&quot;. The Joshua Tree is perfect from the  beginning until the end, it puts together all the best elements of U2's  musical evolution during their first 7 or 8 years. It is not only one of  the best albums of all times, it also contains the best song of all times  (With or without you). People talking about sell out, haven't got the  slightest idea about what rock/pop music should be.
B00000JHAU|5.0|This Cd is a watershed moment for music. Morrissey would be proud of intellect and thought winning over accessability and market-share. &quot;Seeing Other People&quot; is an acoustic dream. &quot;Me and the  Major&quot; is harmonic nirvana. &quot;Fox and the Snow&quot; is subtle  intoxication. Sit back , relax and swear you're not changed.
B000002AT6|5.0|this movie is very beautiful,it like a poem
B00000DCHI|5.0|This is a fine compilation of Billy's early work and a prototype for all successful hits collections.  It balances his finest radio hits (&quot;Piano Man&quot;, &quot;Just The Way You Are&quot;) with essential  album cuts (&quot;Captain Jack&quot;, &quot;Goodnight Saigon&quot;).   Almost every track is a bonafide classic and proof that Billy is one of the  most passionate and underappreciated musical artists of the last twenty  years.  For those who associate Billy with AOR-dribble like &quot;This Is  The Time&quot; and &quot;We Didn't Start The Fire&quot;, this album should  be an eye-opener.
B00003BDXG|5.0|Two things people never tell you about Natural Born Killers. First, it's one of the funniest movies of the past decade. Sure, it's a sick sense of humor, but those who get it will never forget performances like Rodney  Dangerfield's (should have gotten an Oscar nomination for his brief role)  or Tommy Lee Jones's psycho prison warden. The second is that it's a deeply  moral movie -- even self-righteous at times. Stone's outrage is palpable,  if not always coherent. The central performances are terrific, and the  soundtrack, dominated by a couple of great Leonard Cohen songs, adds to the  sense of doom.
B00000295Y|5.0|This cd is happening baby....but its second best to IV bye it baby! waste me with your AK if you think its crap
6305426651|5.0|This movie has been called an insulting trivialization of the Holocaust by some because of its humor.  Were it the case that no humor existed in the death camps, perhaps this would be a valid claim.  And yet, this is not  true.  For anyone who has read *Man's Search for Meaning* by deathcamp  survivor and psychologist Viktor Frankl, you'll know what I'm talking  about.  Mr. Frankl writes about how he and a friend made a pact to tell  each other something humorous each day, just to keep the flame of  lightheartedness alive.  Guido out of touch with the horror of his  situation?  No.  On the contrary, he saw with absolute poignancy what his  predicament was, but he used his humor and unique outlook to draw his son  through the death and the fear.  <br />Humor does not necessarily do a  disservice to serious topics such as this.  On the contrary, humor and  solemnity are often inextricably linked, as is shown by this  thought-provoking movie.  To see only funny moments of this movie or to be  entirely focused on the serious subject matter is to miss the point.  The  point is that these two things can and do exist together and, perhaps more  importantly, that humor and a whistful attitude is not the weaker of the  two.
157492589X|1.0|Lonesome Dove is a classic western, perhaps the best of all time.  This &quot;Hallmark&quot; version is a big rip off.  Over two hours of this great story are missing and the quality of the taping is just terrible.   Shame on the greedy folks at &quot;Hallmark&quot;.  Gus would pistol whip  them for being surley.
0399128964|5.0|A book which can be read on many levels, every reading reveals something new. As art, it has few equals. Herbert creates an entire world and peoples it with interesting, complex people embroiled in high drama - which makes for a ripping good story. Its  explorations of the nature of messianic religion and societal dependence on  a single, fragile substance are as relevant today as ever. Not to be missed  by any SF fan.
B00001ODHF|4.0|The first Evil Dead was just the run-of-the-mill horror movie where a bunch of teenagers die gruesomely in an hour and a half. The second was about the same only it had a twisted sense of humor about it. This is a  non-stop joyride filled with an unpredictable event every minute. Now only  if there was an Evil Dead 4...
0783229569|5.0|I loved the book, but somehow I missed a lot of the point of it in my original reading, and wasn't a huge fan.  This movie opened my eyes, and forced me to re-read the book.  The movie does a great job following the  book through all Thompson/Duke's (mis)adventures.  It made me laugh, it  made me scream, it made me want to cry.  I have watched this movie over and  over and over and over....  Johnny Dep is PERFECT for the role, and I was  never a fan, at least not until I saw Fear &amp; Loathing.  The American  Dream, folks, it's here for the taking!
6300183971|2.0|Good special effects and a mouth dropping production design can't overcome a rather vague and oppressive plotline. The idea of being able to hear what the characters are thinking wasn't very bright.
B00002Z88D|5.0|let me tell you something, this is one of the greatest colaberations of two different types of music I have ever heard.  I was at the concert and it was great.  The double-disc is full of heart pounding guitar riffs along  with violens and trombones and all that other good stuff.  I highly  recomend it to all of you Metallica freakes and to some of you Symphony  lovers.  This is the best CD i have ever owned.
1573226521|1.0|This is a book sporting uninteresting prose, shallow characters and, the point of this review, absolute lack of knowledge of Thailand ... or more likely the ability to put it down in writing.<br />In the few dialogs with  Thai characters, they come across as semi-retarded aliens. Anybody who has  spent any time in Thailand knows about the lively conversations in *bamboo  English* with the fun-seeking, friendly and laid-back Thais. The only  plausible reason of why mr. Garland fails to capture the true farang-Thai  dialog is simply lack of skill. I bet he doesn't even know Thailand was  never a colony - a fact that greatly influences foreign-local relations on  a day-to-day basis: Thais don't have anything to prove to the farangs.<br />At  one point Richard sets out to explore *Bangkok, or at least Kao San Road*.  Please. Bangkokg is one of the most exciting places in Asia, maybe the  world. Kao San Road is a 2-block sketchy place with 0 interest.<br />But the  funniest part is when they are on the rice run. After having to hear about  killing the *Lonely Planet* writers (who, by the way, have a much more  rational atitude about travelling than Richard or Garland will ever have),  hearing about how tourists spoil eveything, etc. They get to Koh Pha Ngan  and he orders ... a cheeseburger! <br />You've got to be kidding me. Or  maybe not, since any reference to the local culture goes along the same  lines. <br />There are excellent adventure writers today (D. Westlake and E.  Leonard being prominent). Garland better read some more and play nintendo a  lot less. BTW, if he was soooo obsessed with Vietnam, why not set the novel  there in the first place? You can travel there feeely, it's just not as  easy as Thailand. I bet he didn't have the guts.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well, I just got my cd and I haven't even gotten through the first disc and I'm amazed!  I pretty much it woulda been cheezy, I just bought the set cuz, well, Metallica's my favourite band.  But when I first started  listening to it, I started believing what Michael Kamen said in the album  sleeve about taking the two different powers in the two different musics  and combining them!  I swear to God it works!  The power of the orchestra  complimented Metallica's already incredible songs!   There's only one thing  I'm really disappointed in now...  I WASN'T AT THE SHOW! <br />Good job  boys!  Keep on throwin' out the rockin' records!  I love it all!
B00000JGHM|4.0|Can't add much else to this movie after reading the other reviews except 1. The final leg chase is totally realistic; if someone was chasing you with a gun you'd be surprised how far you could run :)  2. The gun play  scenes are also realistic; as demonstrated by those 2 bank robbers in CA a  while back.  3. The sound is just a hair off from the lip movement in some  parts of the DVD but only briefly, a MUST BUY MOVIE for any action fan.
B00002Z88D|5.0|To truly appreciate the power of this album you must hear it.  It is filled with the best Metallica songs including two new ones.  The San Fransico Symphony deserves a great big round of applause for their fine  work.  A lot of these songs were pushed to their full potential with the  symphony which in the end made this an awesome CD.  Michael Kamen is a  genious.  He was the driving force behind this great accomplishment.  This  CD proves only one thing; Metallica will continue to produce great hard  rocking music to all of their loyal fans.
B000002P2W|4.0|Wow! I have been listening to these guys, casually I might add, for quite a while. Other than &quot;Who's Next&quot; I thought their work was mediocre at best. Although musically &quot;Tommy&quot; and  &quot;Quadriphina&quot; were good, if you didn't listen to the whole album  than the individual songs wouldn't stand alone. That is the nature of that  whole &quot;Rock Opera&quot; thing. You either get it or you don't. I never  did. Story's were meant for novels not music. Anyway, &quot;Numbers&quot;  is the Anti- Who so to speak in that every song is strong based on their  own individual merits rather than relying on the sum of the whole.
0385484518|5.0|It took me over one year to finally read this book.  I just did not want to even think about another of those slim, self-help philosophy of life primers.  But on page one, I was caught! This book is a MUST READ for  everyone.  I, literally, cannot think of anyone who would not be moved and,  hopefully, changed by the work done by these two men, chatting while one of  them prepares for death.
B0000009SY|5.0|the best! when I was young, this musik was my energi
0848808126|5.0|Noel Coward once said that Georgette Heyer was the greatest ever writer of English dialogue. And it is in 'The Convenient Marriage' that she hits her peak. The various exchanges among the innocent and candid Horatia, her arch  and sardonic husband the Earl of Rule, his arch-enemy, and her various  earnest but not over-bright admirers and friends is nothing short of  priceless.<br />It's a pretty good action-romance, too.
B0000296SI|5.0|This CD is the best!  You should really buy this album!
0451191153|5.0|Fitzgerald once penned, &quot;An author ought to write for the youth of his own generation, the critics of the next, and the schoolmasters of ever afteward.&quot; And though Fitzgerald's words are a bit antiquated, I can  think of no greater a &quot;litmus test&quot; by which to judge fiction in  general. _The Fountainhead_, all pundits and critics of Objectivism aside,  is a narrative that stands on the pinnacle of literary excellence for it's  scope, timelessness, authority, seamlessness, eloquence, and shear bravado.  The damn thing is well written.   Crtics of Rand's work point to the  characters as charicatures, or hyperbolized men and women without emotion,  empathy and humanity. If one takes this consideration at face value...so  what? This is the world of fiction we are talking about. I can remember  reading Klotzwinkle's _The Fan Man_ and thinking of the unreality of Horse  Badorties; thinking Horse was so far out of the box that I would never come  across a character so pathetically lethargic in all my life. But because of  this &quot;grotesque&quot; aspect of the character, I was much more  interested in reading about his destiny and eventual demise. I believe the  same notion can be applied to Rand's characters in not only _The  Fountainhead_, but all of her work. It is because of the fabulous and often  distant nature of the characters that liberates the reader into a kind of  unreality and allows the reader to think about the reality of situations at  a distance. Regardless of literary intent by the author, regardless of her  staid philosophy, _The Fountianhead_ (if nothing else, or everything else  in this case), transports the reader into an entirely original and  thought-provoking way of looking at the world. <br />It is an exercise in  futility for anyone to endeavor in evaluating the rightness or wrongness of  this &quot;trip&quot; or the perspective you are given by the author, as  the true test of great literature is the ticket there. If the story takes  you to a place you have never been, and teaches you something (whether you  like it or not), it passes the test as being worthwhile. This is the case  with _The Fountainhead_.<br />It strikes me as humerous that the negative  comments of Rand's work surround the personal characteristics of Rand and  her characters; but rarely is a comment made on the style of storytelling.  In the case of _The Fountainhead_, the storytelling is no less brilliant  than that of any great writer extant or extinct to date. Creative Fidelity  is maintained from start to finish. I would be willing to bet that everyone  who has read the _The Fountainhead_ (be it admirers or pundits), have the  desire to sit with Rand or one (if not all) of the characters for an  afternoon discussion. <br />This book can inspire you to think and feel many  things. In this, it is a controversy. Rand was no dummy. She designed it  exactly for this purpose. And the purpose, be it good or bad, was to turn  over a rock inside everyone who picked the book up, and examine the  underside of the rock inside all of us. This is the kelson of excellent  fiction. <br />From the Passion of the Pundits to the Loyalty of the admirers,  it is clear that no one who reads _The Fountainhead_ simply walks away from  it indifferently. This novel is a romance of extremes, and well wraught at  that.
6305265488|5.0|I love this movie soooo much!  It is my favorite by far.  I think Drew Barrymore is the perfect Danielle. I would reccomend this movie to anyone who loves happy, fairy-tale endings!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|It's really a great cd, it's full of love and break ups. It very inspirational. I own their first cd, but this one is surely the better of the two. The songs are also catchy amd easy to listen too. I highly  recommend it for ANY age group!
6302409365|5.0|Barry Sonnefeld does GREAT job directing this film based on the characters of cartoonist Charles Addams and the classic 1960s TV series.   Anjelica Huston, Raul Julia, and Christopher Lloyd give SUPERB performances in their  roles of 'MORTICIA', 'GOMEZ', and 'UNCLE FESTER'.    The roles made famous  in the TV series by Carolyn Jones, John Astin and Jackie Coogan.<br />(NOTE: I  have reviewed other films under the headings of BILLY@GALILEO.COM and  APLUS11@GALILEO.COM . If any viewer wants to write  me concerning the  reviews of these films plus my reviews of ALL the Abbott &amp; Costello  movies they can e-mail at ABBCOS@YAHOO.COM)
0783235968|5.0|This is probably my all-time favorite movie; however, people who are not idealistic may not appreciate its message.  It's a movie of hope, love, and how dreams do come true.  The subtle but wonderful special effects are true  genius.<br />I've probably watched this movie at least seven times, and when I  get the time, I'll watch it seven more.  The combination of James Earl  Jones and Kevin Costner is a stroke of casting genius.  These wonderful  actors play well off each other.  It's that rare movie that you can't leave  even to get popcorn; however, with a vcr, you don't have to worry about  that.  I would recommend this to anyone at almost any age.  I feel that  this movie is in the same league as Gone With the Wind and Ghandi.
B000000OF6|5.0|Let me just start by saying that I'm a Queen-oholic.  These 2 albums contain some of Queen's finest works, and through the years you can just see how this outstanding band changed- yet maintained their unique sound.  As these CD's proove- Queen songs are rich, full and filled with  imagination and talent that is beyond compare. I just hope that people who  don't know Queen and buy these albums are tempted to buy all of their  albums- there's just so much more to know!It's Freddie's perfect voice and  great piano playing, John's brilliant bass lines, Brian's amazing guitars  and Roger's roaring drums- that's Queen. People, believe me when I tell  you- Bohemian Rhapsody is not the end of the line. Not on these 2 CD's and  defenitly not through out their 21 albums. 2 thumbs wayyyyyyy up!
B00002Z88D|4.0|ok, I am a huge Metallica fan ... actually I had seen them in their shows 10 days prior to Symphonica ... and they played both nights very tightlyI went in openminded in listening to S&amp;M ... and come up with this ...  There is part of me that keeps wanting to give it chances ... so I have  compulsively repeatedly listened to it over and over ... I like the new  songs a lot No Leaf Clover is interesting in its composition - crunchy then  soft then melodic ... (minus) Human is good too in a Black album get back  to basics way ... very straightforwardOk, I love what Kamen did with  Unforgiven ... I love what Kamen did with the acoustic version of N.E.M. (I  think still available only on import singles)Here's where I diverge from  some of the opinion here ... I just get the feeling with some songs that  the symphony is just extra ... and like I don't know whether that is a good  or bad thing ... sometimes, the symphony really captures the vibe of the  songs real well ... but like to me, for most of the 2 hour set ... the  symphony is extra ... the only thing I can compare it to is how some songs  on Justice didn't need to be longer than 5 mins ... not extra in a bad way  ... but like extra in a way where you go ... hmmm am i missing the pointThe  boys played a real real tight live set ... and if you have bought live sets  from them whether authorized or booted ... you know that it's more high  wire act rather than tight lock step precision at times ... the orchestra  played in a way that didn't make them seem soft or inarticulate ... yet i  sit here vaguely dissatisfied at my attempts to get myself to say ... hey  this was really awesome ... hey this was really good as a live album ...  but like was the extra really necessary ... i haven't figured that out for  myself ... so 3 stars for the tight performance by the band ... 1/2 star  for the new stuff before the new disk next year (hopefully) ... 1/2 star  for attempting it ... but beware that you don't suffer the fate of myself,  metallifans --- i think the whole idea was to bang the head that doesn't  ... not scratch the head ... oh well
0131103709|5.0|Once upon a time, I found this book in a library somewhere, I picked it up and fell in love with it. And couldn't wait to buy myself a copy.<br />And, as far as I have read, this is definitely the best book on any language, not  just programming language (as I have read a lot of book the teach Spanish  &amp; German, and still can't find any that as good as this book :-)<br />Buy  this book if you are a programmer, not just C programmer, but any language.  As a C++ and Java programmer, I found this book very helpful with a lot of  things. It might be difficult in the first place, but once you understand  it, you will find yourself in a new world fo programming.
B000009DUY|4.0|This time not is his classic style...the music took a back seat to the action and realism in Saving Private Ryan, but the score fit perfectly with the movie.  Hymn to the Fallen is a great tribute to the soldiers of WW2.
B000002H97|5.0|It's one thing to pioneer modern heavy metal.  Lightning and Puppets proved that they were the best non-mainstream band around. But, bringing something different to the mainstream is almost paradoxical. The Black  Album is their best album because of what it did. It brought heavy metal  onto the pop stage and while staying true to its roots. The Black Album  combines all the elements of the best in metal with the simpler catchier  structure of pop music. This is, without doubt, a must have for any metal  fan.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This cd by Lauryn Hill is one of the best written cds that will ever be written.The reason I loved this cd is that it got me off of listing to hard rock to listening to more smooth.....mellodic music. When you listen to  this cd more and more you will get more out of it and find out the meaning  inside the song. Some of my favorite songs on hear are.... Doo Wop That  Thing, I used to love him, and Everything is Everything. But the most  mellodic and meaningful song in this album is Forgive them Father. Buy it  and listen to it. You'll understand what Im talking about.
B00000J7J4|3.0|After hearing &quot;Smooth&quot;,on the radio i immediately bought this album.  And many people are right, the songs can grow on you.  I wasn't very impressed. There was only two or three songs that really caught my  attention.  I think he should of stuck with more latin beats(like smooth).   But I do have to give it up to C.S. for using many of today's most  predominant recording artists.  He does work well w/ a few of them.  But  many of Santana's earlier albums were much better.
B000002WE9|4.0|Elvis is in fine shape vocally and physically. He has a lot of fun on this album probably because he is playing to his hometown fans.<br />It is not my favorite of his live albums but it is a very good live show.  I do not  like it as well as the others because the orchestra only has the brass at  this show. It is minus the strings and reeds and the overall effect isn't  quite as good as it is on Madison Square Garden or the Aloha From Hawaii  Albums.<br />Hopefully RCA will re-remaster this album and bring out the  backbone of the show (the band) a bit more like they did on the recently  released 25th anniversary Aloha show.<br />The horns are overbearing and need  to be toned down.<br />Overall its a good album and worth having in your  collection.
B000002OHF|5.0|I had purchased this album years ago and have loved it ever since.  This is problably one of the greatest albums to have come out of this era.  This band never got the recognition the richly deserved.  If you really love  GOOD music, this is a MUST BUY!
B00000IYWH|5.0|Despite what a lot of people think about Colonel Parker he was the first BIG artist manager. He had no prior influences to draw upon. There was never anything as big as Elvis. Nor will there ever be. <br />Parker was smart  enough to keep Elvis in the limelight even though he was thousands a miles  away in Germany away from his adoring fans. He put Elvis in the studio  before he departed to Germany and recorded enough material to release  slowly over a two year period. Elvis was in the army and still topping the  charts!<br />What makes this album so good though is that Elvis had been away  from what he loved to do for so long. He couldn't wait to get back into the  studio and record not only some solid rock n roll and blues but put on  record some of the European music he was influenced by while in  Germany.<br />I have heard a lot of people say Elvis was never same after the  army and it wasn't the pure rock n roll we were accustomed to. So what  !<br />He had already proved he was the King of Rock so why not try something  new ? <br />The music on this album speads across the borders of all kinds of  music. Rock, rythem &amp; blues, ballads and melodramatic. <br />His voice was  powerful, commanding and he never sounded better.
B00001U03Q|5.0|This is a great CD  Good listening all the way throught  Definitely a great guitar player but is also doing some great vocal work. This will be an CD I will listen to again and again
B00002Z88D|5.0|This totally took my breath away!  Some songs bring tears to my eyes!  This proves that there isn't anything this band can't do. Who would have ever thought that the Gods of Metal would ever team up with a symphoney.  Excellent work to the guys in Metallica and the San Fransico Symphoney!  A  must for ANYONE!
B00001U0DP|5.0|I hope this foreign film gives Hollywood hope in creating a worthwhile movie that is not centered upon violence, sex, or gore.  It is a brilliant and, above all, inventive romantic comedy that transcends the borders of  most movies I have ever seen.  I earnestly recommend this movie to all  individuals, but especially to those who see the world as a skeptic.  Get  it!  Watch it!  Laugh, cry, and empathize.  My fiancee and I easily  consider this the best movie we have yet to see!
B000002H2H|5.0|I'm Bruce Miller, the vocalist/guitarist in SAVANT. All Metallicas CD's are awesome, this one was the first to show that they can play more then just great fast, pounding songs. Fade to Black was thier first attempt at a  ballad and it has become almost and anthem to metalheads around the world!  Call of Ktulu is like a metal symphoney (even before S&amp;M). This CD  shows their wide variety of talent that makes them the best damn band in  the world!  A must for anyone who is into metal, these guys are the  founders of all metal music as it is today and one of my bands most major  influences.
B00002MZ12|5.0|All i could say was WOW when I finished the CD because it is unplugged you kinda get a feeling of what the songs REALLY ment and at the end u finally come to the reality that Alanis is not and never was a &quot;ticked off Women&quot; only a women of song.  You Oughta Know has a slow pase which  allows u to hear the true beauty of the song, Head of feet gives you a  sensation which reflects ur life.  Finally here new songs are great even  the cover song King of Pain.  WELL folks this CD is gonna be in my CD  player for along time!  Even if u don't really like Alanis this CD will  change you opinion it sure did for many of my friends.
B000025RAU|5.0|After Chinatown, auidiences have few movies to look up to as classic. Roman Polanski directed Robert Towne's script into becoming the mold for the contemporary classic. For one of the first times in the history of  cinema, we have evil becoming the victor over good at the climax. Notice  who drives away at the end! We are stunned, as an audience, at what we  witness throughout this brilliant commentary on how our society works for  those with power(money) and those without. From the characters to the  storyline, the truth that Chinatown evidences about the society in which we  all live makes this movie great. A must own for all fans of cinema!
B0000009SY|5.0|I just can't get enough of this musical and lyrical GENIUS!   GET THIS ALBUM!  It's one of his best.  Not for the easily-offended but for the laid back and just-plain-chill people of the world.  Rest in peace, man, and  bravo on a job well done.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I was very not looking forward to this release; I wanted a new Metallica album with new songs on it (and still do). But this 2CD set, in all its  mixed glory, has made me a believer once again. The symphony are purely  amazing; they augment every single song on here. The only waste, I think,  is Hero Of The Day, but I didn't like that song to begin with. And Bleeding  Me, while usually good, was subpar on this recording. But everything else  is magnificent. Standout tracks are Call Of Ktulu, Puppets, Devil Dance,  Bellz, Outlaw Torn, Sad But True (blew me away!), One, and Battery (the  intro is amazing). The two new ones, No Leaf Clover &amp; Minus Human, are  both good as well (Human the better of the two; it's very heavy, like  Devil's Dance but better, and shorter). If you like Metallica, whether you  like Load &amp; Reload or you think they sold out, GET THIS RECORD! You  will find a newfound respect for the band with this twist on the standards  &amp; rarities.
6300183971|4.0|Stunning visuals, good acting, and crazy battle scenes. I loved it, but I can see how someone who hasn't previously read the book can be extremely confused. The only bad part of the movie, I thought, was the goofy and  gruesome Harkonnens. The Baron was a little too much. All in all great  flick. If your not a harcore sci-fi fan it may be too weird for you.
6304466498|5.0|This is the funniest movie I have ever watched!   Mel Brooks' humor is great in this amazing Star Wars parody.  Everything in this movie is extremely funny, from the wise and all knowing Yogurt to the Mog (half man  haf dog).  Like I said earlier  &quot;GET THIS MOVIE NOW&quot;
B00000K31Q|1.0|10) The plot was a very Poor translation of &quot;Taming of a shrew&quot; 9) The plot was juvenile 8) The plot was boring 7) The plot was completely predictable 6) The romantic lead character was a poor imitation of Jim  Morrison 5) The soundtrack was trite 4) There was no actual romantic  chemistry 3) I kept having to slap myself to stay awake 2) even my wife  hated this movie (and she usually loves &quot;chick-flicks&quot;) 1) This  movie makes a mockery out of Shakespeare's work, it is an embarrassment
6304466498|5.0|This is the funniest movie I have ever watched!   Mel Brooks' humor is great in this amazing Star Wars parody.  Everything in this movie is extremely funny, from the wise and all knowing Yogurt to the Mog (half man  haf dog).  Like I said earlier  &quot;GET THIS MOVIE NOW&quot;
0380973464|4.0|As usual, I like the things that are controversial.  What is great about this novel is obvious: it's a great deal of fun.  Stephenson can write, and he can captivate.  I think some things are being missed in these reviews,  though:  he is a capitalist, male-chauvinist, culturally ethnocentric pig.   Or, at least, the protagonist is all of these things and Mr. Stephenson  writes so intimately about him, it's hard to imagine him being anything  else.  However, if you can get past this, the long pages fly by almost too  quickly.  Despite him representing everything I hate philosophically, I  can't wait for the next volume (tome) to come out.  Get out of your shell,  Mr. Stephenson, and imagine what life would be like if you weren't rich.   Maybe you should spend some time in the woods in a survivalist situation.   It could open your mind a bit.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I've grown up on Jim Henson creations. Muppets were with me when I was very young and as I got older I found movies like Labyrinth and Neverending Story. Labyrinth is a movie of a babysitters worst nightmare. A teenage  girl practices for a part in a school play and when she realizes she has to  come back to reality she also realizes she has to go home and babysit her  baby brother. In short, she wishes her baby brother would dissappear. The  goblin king, played expertly by David Bowie, steals him away and she has to  find him. To do this it takes time, patience, and the help of some strange  and other worldly friends.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I saw the DVD-Version of the film yesterday. There is abolutely no discussion, that this picture is a cult-film and a masterpiece. But even better than the film itself, are the extra features on the DVD! You must  have this version! Video-Documentary, 2 featurettes, Storyboard Comparison,  Making Of, Trailers and more... This is by now the best DVD I've seen.  Other great examples are: Boogie Night, Alien, Matrix
0380002930|5.0|This novel was wonderful! Adams' literature takes you right into the book and you truly feel like you are a part of the vagabond rabbits. I'm reading this for a school project and I love it.
0451169514|5.0|This is by far my favorite Stephen King novel.  If you don't read the book and decide to watch the movie instead because the book is long, Your missing alot.  In my opinion the Book is by far better than the movie, and  the ending in the book is much better.  Do you have Prince Albert in a can?   You do better let the poor guy out!    Would you like a Balloon?  They  float, we all float down here!
6305426651|3.0|&quot;Best film I've ever seen! &quot; &quot;Fantastic! &quot; &quot;Greatest movie achievement ever! &quot; Hmmm... upon reading some of these customer comments, I really can't escape the feeling that, in an  ideal world, people could perhaps be a little bit more discerning about the  films they see and not fall so blindly into the trap of the hyperbole. (Nor  should they condemn films outright without good cause - there are far, far  too many reviews in your columns with either five stars or only one.) There  are so many films that are over-hyped these days, and while I can  appreciate what Roberto Benigni was trying to achieve, I don't think he was  anything like as successful in his film as many seem to believe.<br />The  three-star rating is, in fact, my attempt to give an honest rating to a  film that I found moderately successful, but really didn't like at all, not  being my taste. I didn't find Benigni's humour that funny or sophisticated,  the story was trite and contrived, and the acting was mostly rather  mediocre. The second half in the concentration camp was, to my mind, simply  wrong-headed. However, to his credit, Benigni attempted to come up with  something fresh, original, and essentially life-affirming. (That alone  makes a pleasant change in a time where a solid, but not absolutely  brilliant, and distinctly unpleasant gangster film, Pulp Fiction, can set  the tone for an entire generation.) It's just a shame LiB couldn't have  been better.<br />Despite my reservations regarding the humour, I found the  first half of LiBto be the better, since it was mostly just light,  unpretentious slapstick. There were one or two most effective scenes, in  particular during the wedding, and the general atmosphere was one of  flamboyant, Italian light-heartedness. It was really in the second half  that I felt the film went downhill. It is really a matter of taste as to  whether a comedy about the holocaust can be considered acceptable or not.  In principle, I have nothing against the idea, it really depends how it's  done. One way would be to use black comedy, much as Kubrick made a black  comedy out of nuclear war in Dr. Strangelove. If Kubrick had approached the  holocaust in a similar manner, he might have been successful, I doubt  whether many other directors would be able to make such a film without  offending just about everybody. The problem here, with Benigni's more  life-affirming approach, is that it's too pat. The camp scenes are simply  unrealistic beyond the point of redemption, despite the obvious comic  intent. To say that the film never had claims to depth in the first place,  just because it wasn't supposed to be another Schindler's List, is no  argument. The film does in fact want to have a more serious claim, because  it wants to tell us that life is, indeed, beautiful in the face of all  adversity. Unfortunately, the second half of the film is too unfunny and  simplistic to convey this message at all convincingly. Instead, it seems to  be that all the father had to do to save his son was to make him think the  whole camp was part of a game and tell him to hide until it was all over.  Then the boy would walk through the gates, meet up with his mother, and  everything would be fine again. Whether this (allegorical?) potrayal of  concentration camp conditions is unrealistic as such or not, life in  general, in my experience, is in any case just not that simple, ever. Life  can, of course, be very beautiful and moving, but it requires considerable  skill, true (and not just so-called &quot;emotional&quot;) intelligence,  and sincerity to get through it in one piece, and also an ability to try to  appreciate the good things for what they really are, and also to recognize  heartbreak and evil for what they are without being overwhelmed by  them.<br />Comparisons may be odious, but the quintessential Italian film on  the holocaust has, to my mind, already been made, in 1971: The Garden of  the Finzi-Continis.This simple, eloquent, finely differentiated and  exquisitely photographed film, which, moreover, contains absolutely no  graphically brutal (or even concentration camp) scenes, moved me infinitely  more than LiB, while also conveying the message that life can, indeed, be  beautiful, but that denial of love and truth can lead to terrible loss and  tragedy. Though I admire Benigni for his effort, I feel his film is, in  comparison with this poignant masterpiece, very much the lesser work.
6304233639|4.0|Seriously, everybody loved this movie when it first came out in theaters. It was the toast of the town and quickly turned out to be one of the most talked about summer blockbusters of all time. Besides the terrific specials  effects and freaky deaky aliens, it really has some good acting. Not  exactly Godfather performances, but what summer explosion/chase/KA-BOOM  movie does? I think that the main reason people don't like this movie today  is that they've watched it way too many times. People also have some nerve  to say that Godzilla was better than this. UGH. Gimme a break, please.  Awesome explosions is all you can pretty much ask for in an action movie  besides gunplay. A good buy if you're a KA-BLAMMO buff. Not to mention  great fun.
1560689986|5.0|.....Said a wise man as he was crucified. The Life Of Brian is a religious comedy poking fun at fanatical worshopers from all religions. Montey Python at his best!
0312853238|5.0|This is my alltime favorite, and I've read a lot of books.  I didnt' even know about this book untill this one day when there was snow on the ground and I was really bored.  Then my sister told me she had to read this book  for her eleventh grade english class and told me I'd would really like it  (I was in the sixth grade at the time, I'm in the eighth now)and I did.  It  was wonderful, and it was written so well. For all you people who gave it  one star, You are morons.  This book is great!
B00000JCB2|5.0|this CD is really good especially nookie!
0688156819|3.0|Very well edited and it has some cute poems but it's not very funny and not very smart. It's bizarre, in an inofensive way. Just cute, for gothic kids.
B000002J0B|5.0|Houses of the Holy is definitly one of Led Zeppelin's best albums, ranked 2nd in my book (behind Zoso).  Every song on this CD is a masterpiece.  I especially like Over the Hills and Far Away, The Ocean, and D'yer Mak'er.   For any rock&amp;roll fan, this CD is a must.
B000002ADT|5.0|This was my very first jazz album, and it is still my favorite.  After listening to many other recordings by many other artists (including a small amount of today's &quot;smooth&quot; jazz, which is really elevator music  with another name), I still come back to Kind of Blue.  This work, like all  truly magnificent works in every genre of art,  works on many levels.  It  is wonderful background music, and it is infinitely more amazing when one  truly LISTENS to what the musicians are doing on the tracks.  <br />If you  love jazz but for whatever reason have missed this album, BUY IT - you will  not be disappointed.  If you have never listened to jazz before (smooth  jazz doesn't count), this cd is a perfect entry into the realm of jazz.   Its recording artists all became famous on their own afterwards, and in  Kind of Blue, the mastery of each is obvious.  Its music achieves  perfection and timelessness, and is a monument of jazz - a great buy!
B00000JJQK|5.0|BRIAN WILSON &amp; THE BEACH BOYS RULE AND &quot;PET SOUNDS&quot; PROVES IT!  ALL THE SONGS ARE GREAT.  I RECCOMEND THIS ALBUM AND SOME OF MY FAVORITE SONGS ON IT INCLUDE &quot;WOULDN'T IT BE NICE&quot;, &quot;THAT'S  NOT ME&quot;, &quot;SLOOP JOHN B&quot;, &quot;GOD ONLY KNOWS&quot; AND  &quot;I JUST WASN'T MADE FOR THESE TIMES&quot; TO NAME A FEW OF THE AWSOME  SONGS.  ANYONE WHO DOESN'T LIKE THE BEACH BOYS AND/OR BRIAN SPECIFICALLY  HAS SOME KIND OF SERIOUS PROBLEM AND SHOULD SEE A DOCTOR IMMEDIATELY.
B000002O3I|5.0|the band rumbles and shuffles, and the songs are brilliant, showing off both wolf's hitmaking talent (&quot;wang dang doodle,&quot; &quot;smokestack lightnin',&quot; and the piercing &quot;spoonful&quot;)  and his devastating nightscapes, like &quot;somebody in my home.&quot;  <br />after you listen to this record the first thousand times, you can return  to the rest of blues and rock and roll and listen with a knowing ear. this  is an encyclopedia of the first ideas.<br />more than anything, his voice  impresses: it towers and sways like a swamp pine. i think of this as a  simply indispensable record.
6303443214|5.0|If you love to lose yourself in a movie, you will revel in the antique melancholy of the gorgeous imagery presented here. Some people, however, may not want to watch a picture that addresses the practicalities of vampirism, that is, ending human life. The irony is that a film which makes you empathise with the victim's fear is called inhuman, while most high body-count blockbusters receive comparatively little criticism.<br /><br />For those who have read the book, the plot is abbreviated and several characters are gone, but the heart of the story, and the poignant atmosphere, remain.  Also, I came to the novel only after seeing the movie, and found that some of the movie's best lines weren't even in the book! (E.g. \\"The gods kill indiscriminately, and so shall we [...]\\") It turned out that Anne Rice had a large hand in the screenplay.
B000002JSN|5.0|AWESOME cd, one of Led-Zep's best.  I especially like The Rover, In My Time of Dying, The Wanton Song, and Kashmir never gets old.  I could spend hours listening to every song, or minutes getting hyped off of one.
6305364648|5.0|Middle Easterns are portrayed as a bunch fanatics with the Quran in one hand and a machine gun (or nuclear bomb) in the other.  A woman is so ignorant the she is can't even realize that her husband is an agent for  some government agency.  And once she does find out all she does is a lot  of screaming.  But despite these stereotypes--and the movie couldn't have  worked without them--this movie is great.  Action, creative storyline, and  bits of humor.
0871137380|5.0|This is a fine piece of owrk. The author has painstakingly reviewed the battle and described it step by step bringing to life the individual ordeals, distinguished bravery and the importance of good training and  tactics. The endnotes are must reading. They put the entire battle in  better perspective as a political foreign policy initiative, as well as add  more insight on the individual soldiers.  My reservation, one in fact  shared by the author, is the reliance on being able to interview only one  Delta Force member. Most D-Boys are ex-Rangers, the one interveiwed was  not. D-Boys are older more experienced, highly trained soldiers. The entire  D-Force is very small, while the Rangers are a larger elite, light infantry  group. If some of the Rangers were throught to be inexperienced by D-Boy  criteria that was a command decision and not a fault of the individual  Ranger.  Also, the lack of an an armor group seems unfortunate.  Finally,  the 10th Mountain Division probably performed better than they are given  credit for. My recollection is that the leadership they got a multinational  force on the road is a couple of hours.  Despite these caveats this is an  excellent book.
0140135154|3.0|Ways of Seeing is the book of a groundbreaking and brilliant TV series that Berger created with Mike Dibb in the 1970s.  The book isn't quite as amazing as the series, but it's acquired canonical status anyway as  Berger's most frequently set text on art and art criticism.  Which is a  pity, because while the impressive confidence of Berger's judgments was  inspiring back then (Marina Warner and Michael Ondaatje have each paid  tribute to it), time has passed over the last quarter of a century and the  book is in danger of looking old-fashioned.  The theory of desire, which  Berger manages to popularise in a single succinct chapter, has been  challenged, confirmed, turned upside-down and generally elaborated upon so  much since the book was written that his version of it is now inadequate.   Advertising is vastly more sophisticated now than it was in 1972 - the ads  reproduced in the book, while perfectly representative of their time, are  almost laughable in their blatant sexism and classism.  (You wouldn't get  away with them now, that's for sure.)    But the account of the rise of oil  painting is still persuasive, even if it lacks the cheek and  mischievousness of the TV version.  Readers expecting to find Berger's most  incisive and complex criticism should look elsewhere, though, to The Sense  of Sight or About Looking, because Ways of Seeing is essentially a  popularisation of theories that have since become much more complex, and  Berger's lapidary, no-argument tone is hardly applicable anymore.  Somebody  should release the series on video, then we'd get the same ideas in a more  engaging and fascinating manner.
B00000064G|5.0|Nothing on earth could have prepared my ears for Nick Drake. I read some fine reviews and decided to give his music a try, and bought Fruit Tree (complete works) on faith. At the time (1990) he was unknown to anyone and  everyone I asked. Keeping in mind that his entire official recorded output  runs about 2.5 hours, I could not go a single day without listening to at  least an hour of Nick Drake for the next 9 months. In fact there were  periods where I could listen to nothing else. This is the most perfect  music I have ever heard. It is untainted, honest, riveting, and comes from  an artist who put a lot of trust in the listeners by not compromising a  single note from fear of criticism or embarrassment. Give it a try.
B00000K2UX|5.0|This album was excellent when it first came out and its even better with the extra traxs.  The only compliant is the dance mix of Kenny Loggins song Playing with the boys WHY?   Its a small price to pay since the rest the  album is excellent Memories is my favorite track as is Sittin on the dock  on the bay.
B000002NBY|5.0|This is no doubt Paul Simons best album. This album was produced very well. There is not one song on this album I dont like. If you like Paul Simon you MUST HAVE THIS ONE!
B000003TA4|5.0|This is so good, I'm speechless. If you like it, e-mail me and tell me about it (videogamer20@hotmail.com). Check out my Amazon profile.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I really haven't heard this whole cd, but I've listened to clips and reviews and think it's awesome. Her songs have so many good meanings. Some of the best songs I've heard include: &quot;Fast as You Can&quot;,  &quot;Love Ridden&quot;, &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, and &quot;Get Gone&quot;.  So go out and buy it, because you won't waste any little bit of your money,  trust me.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is one of the best metallica cds ever! It is just as good as garage inc.  You have to buy this cd!
0780626966|5.0|&quot;The Ultimate Nightmare Has Become A Reality! <br />I've searched a long time for the nightmares on video, but I couldn't find one of them. 'Till I saw this collection on DVD, it couldn't be better. And I was right, the  picture quality is perfect and the sound is fabulous. The 8th disc is a  fantastic final, with interviews, rare footage, video clips and a game  where you can discover many rareties, while walking through familiar  nightmare scenes.<br />There's only 1 line to discribe this collection:  &quot;The Ultimate Nightmare Has Become A Reality! &quot;.
B000001IQH|5.0|This is good punk. I haven't heard any punk in the last few years that can top this. All the songs are good, highlights are Roots Radicals, Lock Step and Gone, and Journey to the End of East Bay.
B00000255F|5.0|I bought &quot;Born to Run&quot; on vinyl when I was 15 yrs old.  It was my first taste of Bruce's music.  I liked it the most for the title track.  After meeting another Bruce fan in the U.S.M.C. I discovered his repetoire.  After hearing his catalog of fantastic music, I see &quot;Born to  Run&quot; as a fantastic album of hard hitting songs riddled with great  songwriting.  Bruce's greatest talent is his songwriting.  His voice is  second to none and so is his songwriting.  Born to Run showcases both of  Springsteen's talents.  My favorite verse is from Night......  And the  world is busting at its seams  And you're just a prisoner of your dreams  Holding on for your life  'Cause you work all day  To blow 'em away in  the night
B00000JZIQ|1.0|Steve McQueen can arch his eyebrow and smoke a cigarette very well.  These are his main contributions to the film and his craft.  Faye is a mannequin.  Her primary contribution is pinpointing Crown as the suspect because he  was not a &quot;square&quot;.  Her character is 60s trite.  Unless you  need to cure a raging case of insomnia, avoid this film.  The 90s version  is redemption.
B000003NA4|4.0|happy am i to stumble upon a voice on the car radio one day...so familiar, yet so fresh and above all.....warm, lovely, understandable...where have all the singers gone? how could such a talented,sensitive woman have hidden  such talented expression of delivery for so long....presentation lives!
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is probably the wierdest book I have ever read.  Yet it is one of the best books I have ever read.  If you are looking for a book that you really get into, read this.  It is about a controled community that was  designed to be a utopia.  But the people of it did not realize what was  being hid from them.  Then finally somebody realized what was happening to  the community and did something about it.  I highly recommend this book.
B000002UAX|5.0|The White Album is a singularly gripping musical              experience. There certainly is filler littered throughout the              record, but all the filler has a purpose, contributing to the              overall feel  of the album. Furthermore, the filler isn't so much              filler as  it is disconnected ideas, all executed brilliantly and               elaborately. No idea, not even the minute-long dissonant rant &quot;Wild               Honey Pie&quot; or the simple vamp &quot;Why Don't We Do It In  the Road,&quot; tis              simply thrown away -- it's milked of all  of its possibilities.  it was nearly as influential              as Sgt.  Pepper, since scores of post-punk bands picked up on various               threads running throughout the record, and many of the great albums               in rock.
B000021XR5|3.0|It deserves 3.5 stars, but certainly not more.  Their previous material was just too good to rate this one any higher.  It may grow on you, but it's not strong enough after a 3-year absence.  They really needed a more  mainstream performance to regain their place in the music biz.  This one  leaves them in limbo.  (another bumble for producer Brendan O'Bryan -- but  then again Brendan has bombed on plenty, i.e., his production of Matthew  Sweet's 100% fun, recent Pearl Jam, etc.).
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is definetely Blink 182's best Cd yet. Every song is fun and interesting to listen to with great guitar and vocals. The lyrics in some of the songs also make you think(Adam'a song, All the Small Things).  If  you don't have this Cd, you should go out and buy it right now. If your  parents won't let you buy the CD because of the cover, tell them the CD  isn't bad at all. There are almost no swear words on the whole CD.  BUY IT  RIGHT NOW!
0964385619|5.0|This book has changed my life.  If you don't have the money to buy this book, borrow it. You'll never be the same.  It's written in an easy conversational style that uses plain simple language to help understand  finances. Buy it today.
B000002UAR|5.0|All the rules fell by the wayside with Revolver, as the Beatles began              exploring new sonic territory, lyrical subjects and styles of              composition. The biggest miracle of              Revolver may be  that the Beatles covered so much new stylistic              ground and  executed it perfectly on one record, or it may be that              all of  it holds together perfectly. Either way, its daring sonic               adventures and consistently stunning songcraft set the standard for               what rock music could achieve.
B000031XCR|5.0|I am truly amazed how Celine just never, ever disappoints music fans.  Every one of her CDs comes straight from her heart - something she puts her all into. For this particular CD, as with any greatest hits collection,  there's always going to be controversy as to the pick of songs (and I have  my share of songs that I wish were there) - but that's not the point there.  This is a CD that you will enjoy from the very first track all the way down  till the very last one. Among the new songs, &quot;That's the Way It  Is&quot; is absolutely fantastic. But there's more. The little-noted  &quot;Live&quot;, in particular, is a beautiful surprise at the end, so are  &quot;Then You Look at Me&quot; and &quot;I Want You to Need Me&quot;.  You  can just tell that every song Celine sings, she's singing it to Rene -  which makes her music all the more REAL emotionally, and so much more  passionate and powerful.  This is Celine's gift of love to her husband and  her fans.
B000002I77|5.0|This record influenced lots of people.  Great drumming record, but Tommy Bolin is the even more powerful and wicked presence. Bolin is the most rhythmically inventive of rock guitarists, so his playing compliments the  ever-changing feel of Cobham.  Also check out Alphonse Mouzon's &quot;Mind  Transplant&quot; for another dose of Bolin going toe to toe with a  powerhouse drummer.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Finally one of the greatest of all musicians returns! &quot;Supernatural&quot; ranks among Carlos Santana's best works. This is a rich, artistic work that is worth listening to more than once, no, more  than twice! The song &quot;Smooth&quot; is a masterpiece, rich in it's  textures and lyrics. &quot;Supernatural&quot; is full, musical genius  unbound. Large strokes across a wide canvas of sound and energy, feeling  and mood. Santana shows what real guitar music is. In a year dominated by  Ricky Martin, &quot;Livin' La Vida Loca&quot; craze, it's nice to see good  artistic work like &quot;Supernatural.&quot; This CD displays the true art  of the musician and his instrument. A masterpiece.
B000002UDB|5.0|Every song is truly great. &quot;I Am the Walrus,&quot; &quot;The Fool on the Hill,&quot;  &quot;Penny Lane,&quot; &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; &quot;All              You Need Is Love,&quot; &quot;Your  Mother Should Know,&quot; &quot;Flying,&quot;  and &quot;Hello  Goodbye&quot; are especially excellent. All tracks are all huge, glorious,  and  innovative.
B000005J56|4.0|se debera clasificado como &quot;Buena Vista Social Club: Prohibida la entrada de guitarras correderas&quot; O &quot;Introducing Ry Cooder&quot;
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis sings the best of both Jagged Little Pill and Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie. She adds three new songs and one remake. The three new songs are all great but my favorite is the remake of Sting's King of Pain.  She changes the format of some of the old songs like you oughta know is  done as a ballad. This is a great Album. Alanis is very real and proves  again to be one of the greatest song writers of our time.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This cd is one of the best cd's in my collection. The drum work, the mesmerising piano, and Fiona's beautiful and rich voice are what makes this album wonderful.  The music is all over good, with the occasional trumpet,  and it gives off a very dark rich sound.  I defintitly recommend this cd to  people who love overall music.
6305205620|4.0|I've never seen Metallica in concert before, so I thought watching this DVD would be a good way to see them.  And believe me, I wasn't disappointed in the least bit!  Jaymz and company are clearly enjoying themselves while  at the same time making sure that the crowd was pumped up the whole time!  The most memorable performance is &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; where part of  the stage collapses because some guy decides to drop down from the top (via  rope).  And then there's &quot;One&quot; with the lights and  explosions....<br />The DVD in general is great.  You have multiple angles for  three of the songs where you can see each of the players from a different  camera.  Then there's some documentary footage and a photo gallery.  My  only problem is the gratuitous profanity (but then again, what do you  expect from Metallica?).  If you can get past that, &quot;Cunning  Stunts&quot; is definitely worth viewing!
B00000JTB2|5.0|The only thing missing from this recording is the crowd reaction in between takes that a live performace would have provided. It's a shame this wasn't done on stage. None-the-less, for a studio blues album the music is  excellent. A truelly good session in which the pupil (Stevie) seems to feed  off the master (King) and vice versa.
B000000993|5.0|Ok, every other band i can possibly imagine has some small, nagging thing that you point out about there music, but not TOOL. TOOL is truly melodic music, with wonderful lyrics. Most of the other metal bands out there do  not even compare, such as FEAR FACTORY, CANNIBAL CORPSE, and SLAYER. TOOL  truly puts emotion behind all of there songs, which can plainly be heard  and enjoyed by all.
B000000OQF|5.0|Yet another example of why Slash is one of the best guitarists of our time.  A great pure rock and roll record.
B00000J7JO|4.0|At first, it seemed the band whose music had put some spice into all those bland homework hours had gone soft.  But after listening to their new album, I realized &quot;Californication&quot; was just an addition to the  wide Red Hot Chile Peppers experience.  This album is mellower, but its  messege is stronger.  However they choose to push their passion - whether  it be by growling distortion or soft acoustic picking - RHCP hits the spot.
B00000I07Q|5.0|This album is exactly Bon Jovi's most fantastic album. Five top ten hit single (include Two #1 singles, &lt;Bad Medicine&gt;, &lt;I'll Be There For You&gt;) , 7 millions US-only sales... This album is also most imfortant  album of 80s' Pop-Metal scene. If you wanna hear Bon Jovi music or 80s  Pop-Metal music, You must buy this alnum first.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you don't watch this movie at least 3 times, you miss out on half of the goodies. At first the effects attack you with their jarring edginess, and then the idea of a real Matrix, and finally the philosophy becomes the  sharpest edge. My whole family is full of conspiracy theorists, and this is  our new favorite. An oracle that hands out cookies? Yes indeed. Spoon  bending as a parlor trick and mind-numbing metaphor? Uh-huh. I am waiting  breathlessly for 2 and 3. I understand, also, why some may not enjoy it.  There is alot to absorb. And some of us are just too deep in the Matrix.
0380778556|2.0|it was an ok book, it started out really boring and then it got better.  it was kinda confusing and i didnt really understand the meaning of it.  good luck to you who read it and i hope you enjoy it more than i did
6303675212|5.0|This is the best Christmas movie that I have ever seen! The excelent Elizabeth Perkins delivers an outstanding performance as the over-worked, good-parent, Dori Walker the mother of Susan, played by none other than the  child superstar, cutie pie, Mara Wilson. Richard Attenborough looks exactly  like Santa Claus if you ask me! This tale is a mix of a Christmas Miracle  and a loving romance. When Santa Claus was sent to the asylum, there was  superb acting by all of the actors and actresses. If you love Christmas  movies, you will definetely love this!
6300213668|5.0|Grease is a very good movie. I love it so much. Its my favorite movie and i think it desrves 5 stars.
B000002UQJ|3.0|Off the Ground is pretty average, but there are definitely some good songs. Winedark Open Sea is a nice, slow ballad, Mistress and Maid is rather Beatlesque, and the Lovers That Never Were would've been a good  single. However, there are some way below average McCartney tunes here that  should've been scratched like Peace in the Neighborhood and Get Out of My  Way. That is not the worst of it. I purchased the 2-disk Off the Ground the  Complete Set about two years ago and was amazed to find out that Disc 2 is  far superior to the originally released Off the Ground CD. Songs like  Kicked Around No More, I Can't Imagine, Big Boys Bickering, Keep Coming  Back to Love, Cosmically Conscious, Style Style, and Sweet Sweet Memories  blow away every song on Off the Ground. GO FIGURE!
0780625129|5.0|Before we watched it my husband thought it was just another racist movie.  But after watching it we were both speechless and after finishing the credits, all he can say is &quot;beautiful&quot;.  That summarizes  everything with the movie.  Derek expressed the things that have bothered  so many people.  Its just up to us to decide if we should just leave it or  do something about it.  But one thing is for sure, Violence is never going  to do anyone good.<br />Edward Norton is such a great actor.  He should have  won the Oscars for his portrayal.  Furlong too was good.
0792833686|1.0|Beware of this DVD: there are NO trailers, NO director's commentary, NO widescreen, NO behind the scenes footage AND NO other extra's whatsoever!  Shouldn't you think the best film of all times would deserve better than  that on DVD? Makers, be ashamed of yourselves.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Okay, I am not a 13 year old girl that thinks I am cool because of the word &quot;Nookie&quot; or because I feel like I am rebelling!  I like Limp Bizkit a lot.  &quot;Rearranged&quot; is the best song.  Fred has the most  awesome voice!  All of their songs can suit my emotions.  If I am mad, sad,  whatever.  It rocks.
B000002IZ4|1.0|I cannot beleive people liked this album, <br />'You have to wonder when everyone is giving a CD 5 stars, and then 1 person gives it a 1 star.'<br />Said one review. <br />The person gave it one star was right, this is  a poor album. Just because he was outnumbered, it does not mean he was  wrong. When Christopher Columbus said the world was round, everyone  disagreed. When Charles Darwin said that we evolved from ape like  creatures, most people laughed at him.  But now we accept their theories to  be true!<br />As for those of you intent on taunting 'bombfire boy', he may  mis-spell the odd word, but hey, you bought this album, you make him look  like a real Genius!<br />Death to grunge! Long live REAL rock and roll! Listen  to music that makes you happy not depressed!
B000002LOE|5.0|This is R.E.Ms best album released. It shows there potential of being a great and legendary band. If you are new to the band and looking for an album to start with, &quot;Out of Time&quot; is the one to pick. Enjoy!
B000002JS6|5.0|Bonza! Australia's finest band truly prove that they are one of the best bands of all time with this classic hard rock album.<br />Evey song on this album makes you just want to dress up as a schoolboy (or girl), get an  electric guitar and do the 'Angus Young Duck Walk' around your block!<br />The  title track of this album rules,other highlights include 'Shake a leg' and  'Hell's bells'. This album is among AC/DC's finest along with 'Highway to  hell' and 'For those about to rock'.<br />Australians wouldn't give a  Castlmaine XXXX for anything else!<br />More bonza than drinking tinnies round  the barbie til ya chunder in the dunny!
B000000H57|5.0|Broke a stereotype today. Listened to gothic metal, nothing like what I imagined. Heard `Love You to Death' by Type O Negative.<br />Gothic music is very reflective of the people behind it, there is a very dark upset  atmosphere surrounding it. It is sad to me that the people behind the music  have `allowed' the depression to be so dominant of their lives but it has  allowed them to create what I currently feel is the most beautiful form of  music as they express their uphappiness. It is dark, harsh, gothic and has  a clear rough edge to it. It is certainly not neat tidy clean music. Music  from the soul, but also dangerous music as it is  very inflential in  encouraging negative emotions.<br />Although I don't relate to the negativity  of the group, I have never heard music so conveyant of emotion. I find it  bizarre how so many love songs appear in the charts which are supposed to  be beautiful and moving, but the image to me is fake starched and  artifical. I know another one will appear next week sung by another pretty  girl/boy in a  clean neat voice. It sounds pretty, white and clean...is  that a love song? Hearing Pete Steele sing in his dark sad deep emotion  wracked voice to the heavy gothic metal tones of `Type O Negative' brought  a tear to my eye which no chart song could ever do.
B000002B82|5.0|This is a really good studio album from the Worlds favourite brummie. All the songs on it are very well written and performed. It's particularly cool how Lemmy (The seemingly immortal bassist of motorhead)co-wrote some of the  material on this album.<br />Some of the ballads on this album are not to my  taste but they are still good songs and ozzy's vocals with Zakk's guitar  always results in above average songs.<br />'Mr tinkertrain', 'I don't wanna  change the world','desire','S.I.N.', 'Zombie stomp' and 'Hellraiser' are  all very cool songs you'll want to hear again and again. <br />This would be a  wise purchase for any fan of Ozzy or rock music in general.
B00000JG41|5.0|trust in a friends judgement was well placed when i bought this, certainly brought a smile to my face to hear something so varied and original. this is music for people who appreciate music, not just poppy chart tunes but  music.
B000002JS8|5.0|G'day mate!<br />This is a bonza album, sounds even better than me didgeridoo!<br />The best Aussie band in the world made this album shortly before the tragic demise of their singer Bon Scott. He will be sadly  missed, his vocals on this album are superb. The guitar work is simple but  extremelly cool - so cool it makes you want to do the 'Angus Young Duck  Walk' all day long. Angus and Malcom are awesome on this album,  particularly on 'Beating around the bush' which is my favourite song on  this album.<br />This is a very good collection of songs and I can reccomend  it to anyone who likes rock music.<br />Buy this album or be bitten on the  dong by a red-back spider next time ya go to the dunny!<br />Fair dinkum ?
B0000032LS|5.0|Today is my birthday and if you wanna please the birthday boy, then go out and but this CD! I just got it this morning and I have allready listened to the entire CD at least 10000000000000 times! It's awsome! Remember,  &quot;don't dream it, be it!&quot;
B000000OQF|5.0|This album is simply beyond criticism.<br />I beleive it is one of the contenders for 'Best album of all time' along with 'Number of the beast' by Iron Maiden. I think there may be many who feel this album to actually be  the best musical work of all time.<br />I think that those who have written  bad reviews for it are JABRONIS and probably listen to appalling grunge  music and fail to understand what rock  and roll is about. <br />All the songs  on this album are supebly written and the guitar work is awesome!
B00002Z88D|3.0|All in all a nice mixture of the two musical cultures.  However, live Metallica is never as good as studio Metallica, which is why I can't rate this that high.  Also, it is very noticably missing songs from Kill 'em All  -- their most inspired and powerful album to date.
B0000027DJ|5.0|I cannot see why anyone would criticise this album , it rocks beyond belief and BELONGS in your record collection. Most of the songs on this album rule and Alice's collaborating with guitar gods like Slash, Vai and  Satriani has to be heard to be believed. I must confess I am not too keen  on the ballads on this album, but having said that a ballad has to be  absoloutley awesome for me to like it.<br />Buy this album, I would buy it for  'Feed my Frankenstein' alone! This is in my oppinion Alice's best work and  you should buy it!
B00001OH7P|5.0|Buy this CD!  I only gave it 5 stars because there's no more left to give.  I have listened to glam rock before (mostly by Queen), and this is definately the best of the best.  I've heard people (some of the other  reviews, as well) chide this CD beacuse it does not include the bonus  tracks from the RykoDisc rereleases (5 of them, starting right from the  very end, they included unreleased demos, etc.).  Let me say that this was  a concept album from the very beginning, and that it told a story.  A  little bit on this album's plot: it starts off with &quot;Five Years.&quot;   This is one of the top three from the album.  It's got the folky leftovers  from &quot;Hunky Dory&quot; (his previous album), making it even MORE like  a continuous story.  This little apocalyptic number would probably make a  good single even today.  It then moves onto &quot;Soul Love,&quot; a  profound song about unspoken love between mother and son, boy and girl.   Then, onto another of the top 3, &quot;Moonage Daydream.&quot;  It's about  the character himself, Ziggy Stardust.  The spaceman arrives in Earth's  orbit, ready to distract humanity from it's problems.  However, (and this  is just MY opinion on the story, which was never truly explained in full by  Bowie) while adults fear him, children (particularly teens) are compelled  to listen to him, as heard in &quot;Starman,&quot; another folky song.   Then, to a song which (according to polls) is the least favorite of fans  (probably because it's the only on the album not written by Bowie, himself,  it's by Ron Davies [not Ray Davies of the Kinks, by the way]).  However, I  like it.  It's a bit like &quot;The Man Who Fell To Earth&quot; (Bowie's  1976 film debut), in that Ziggy gets tempted by the evils of man.   &quot;Lady Stardust&quot; is the epitome of the androgynous.  Written about  Marc Bolan (of T. Rex), this is a song about Ziggy's mockery and how he  tries to succeed, carrying into &quot;Star.&quot;  Ziggy feels that he can  be content only as a rock 'n' roll star, and as nothing but.  This leads  right into the best song of the album: &quot;Hang On To Yourself.&quot;   For anyone who's ever wondered what Ziggy &amp; The Spiders sounded like,  this had to be it!  The shortest track, only because it's so fast-paced.   Then, the great triad of songs: &quot;Ziggy Stardust,&quot;  &quot;Suffragette City&quot; &amp; &quot;Rock 'N' Roll Suicide.&quot;  When  you put them together like David did, they pack a marvelous 1-2-3 punch.   &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; is the Rise &amp; Fall of Ziggy, the story of  how the leper messiah falls from grace, into the dirt of &quot;Suffragette  City,&quot; where he is haunted by his past, trying to go back to an  &quot;average&quot; life.  But, then, he just can't do it, and he becomes  the &quot;Rock 'N' Roll Suicide.&quot;  Stumbling along the roads of a  dark, grim, harsh city, he finally gives up...but, then, out of the  darkness, a hand reaches out to him as the curtain closes on &quot;The Rise  And Fall Of Ziggy Stardust And The Spiders From Mars.&quot;  Now, returning  to my original point, I ask, how can you then follow all of that up with  anything else?  But, the Rykodisc release leapt into a song called  &quot;John, I'm Only Dancing&quot; (found in a different version on  &quot;The Best Of David Bowie 1969/1974&quot;), then &quot;Velvet  Goldmine,&quot; &quot;Sweet Head&quot; &amp; demos of &quot;Ziggy  Stardust&quot; &amp; &quot;Lady Stardust.&quot;  This is why I commend the  EMI rereleases!  They leave these CDs as Bowie intended (not including that  little screw-up on &quot;Never Let Me Down&quot; [they cut out the 10th  track: &quot;Too Dizzy&quot;]), and you've gotta love that.  Plus, they  have remastered them at world-famous Abbey Road Studios.  So, I tell you  again, buy this CD, and never look back.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I'm 22 and I'll admit that I've seen this movie at least 5 times already.  3 of those at the theater. :0)  It's not just a little teen movie.  Parts are a little cheesier than others, but the chemistry between Heath Ledger  (Patrick) and Julia Stiles (Kat) is worth it all.  Awesome movie!
B00000IOSU|5.0|When I bought this CD in the summer I was only expecting a small compilation of her best hits, but in a &quot;live&quot; format. After getting home and listening to the screams of the crowds, and Sarah's smooth  voice I was extreamly surprised. The best part of the CD is that makes you  feel like you are acually at one her concerts. She sounds just as good live  as she does on any of her CDs. So there is not dissapointment about that.  It's been five months since I've bought that CD and I still listen to it  everyday like I a newly bought CD. This is truly this is the best CD I've  ever bought, and I will always keep this CD near to me. It is definatly  worth the cost.
B000002B1M|4.0|Nas continues his quality with this realease. At the time, this album was anticipated- I believed it would be heavy and underground like his freshman  realease, one of the best albums rap ever, Illmatic. We got a different Nas  on It was Written, we got a more commericial Nas, filled with street  fantasies, telling it like he wants it to be, and Mafia related fantasies.  On this album Nas put 14 songs, instead of on Illmatic where he got 10  songs, 35 minutes of perfection.  Nas had his ups and downs on this album.  His first song is THE GREATEST SONG EVER, THE MESSAGE. The message is an  idol, it can be idolized. This is where NAS tottally shines. Street Dreams  is phat track. Watch Dem' Niggas has Nas perfect pictured. His track with  the firm is tight as well as If I ruled the World. This is LOVELY Cd, i  love it, as will you. So lets just say this, that if Nas didnt make  Illmatic, this album would be 6 stars. So let this review reflect the  quality of Nas and how truly brilliant Illmatic is.
B00003000M|5.0|I was a little leary about buying a CD with artists dubbed in with Bob, but this CD was produced with the utmost respect to Bob.  His son Steve produced most of the songs, and they are great!  The Steven Tyler/Bob  Marley version of &quot;Roots, Rock, Reggae&quot; is outstanding!  The  whole CD is done in great taste, and the song selection was perfect. Much  respect to Steve and the rest of the Marley family (Tuff Gong release).   This is definitely a brighten-up-your-day kind of CD. Buy it, listen to it,  LOVE IT!
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love this cd. I love Dumpweed, Don't Leave Me, What's My Age Again, Adam's Song, The Party Song, and of course All The Small Things. I really hate some of the tracks like Dysentary and Wendy Clear and Anthem. This is  a very worthwhile cd to buy though. One thing I don't get, is that I seem  to be the only one who had never heard of the song What's My Age Again  before I bought this cd. I never heard it on the radio. Oh well. I first  saw Blink on MTV with All The Small Things and was hooked from then on. And  then last week one of my friends played Adam's Song at our play rehearsal  and I loved it. We are using that song for a play we are doing about  suicide. Blink 182 rules!
B000001FS3|5.0|This album provides some of the best U2 songs out there.  It contains some of the best album tracks as well.  It's no wonder why this album became a Diamond Certified Record and a Grammy winner.
B00000AFFI|5.0|The only &quot;bad&quot; PJ album is &quot;Dance Hall at Louse Point.&quot; That one had about 2 good songs on it. It was a mistake. Thank  God that &quot;Is This Desire?&quot; isn't like it at all.<br />I was hoping  for a more bluesy feel for this labum - but it wan't there. &quot;To Bring  You My Love&quot; IS INCREDIBLE. &quot;Dry&quot; is up there too. They both  have a blues-rock feel to them and it's great. &quot;The Wind&quot; begins  as a monotone whispering chant from PJ - but after about a minute or more,  it breaks into a dancey beat with STRANGE vocals. I don't think that I like  it all that much. <br />Also, don't expect anything like &quot;Meet Ze  Monsta&quot; or &quot;Long Snake Moan&quot; on this. It's not NEARLY as  abrasive as I had hoped. At least the abrasiveness was OVERBOARD like  &quot;Rid of Me,&quot; though. (i.e. &quot;Hook&quot;)<br />Anyways, this is  still a GREAT album. Nothing short of that. &quot;Angelene&quot; is one of  the greatest songs by a female EVER - &quot;My Beautiful Leah&quot; is a  captivating, bass-heavy creepfest. &quot;Electric Love&quot; - I don't get  it - but I like it, and of course &quot;The Garden&quot; has one of those  'fake' beats - but the lyrics and the music are so haunting - that they  engulf you. <br />This was definitely one of the ten greatest albums of 1998.
B0000004V2|5.0|If you buy one album this millenium, all month and a half, or even the next millenium, make it this one. It is a mixture of blasting indie tunes,  such as This Is The One and She Bangs The Drums, and tinkling melodies such  as I wanna be adored and Made of Stoone, not to mention the thunderous  chorus of I am The Resurrection. This is a highly acclaimed album and  deservedly so, so buy it as soon as you can, and buy it from OUR PRICE in  NELSON, 12.99. or get that at Nirvana MTV Unplugged, for 22 in the  current campaign.
B000001E7T|5.0|That quote below about God being here - is so captivating. When she says it, the faint sound a swinging guitar riff begins to come in and the bass truns up. Sheer brilliance.<br />By the way, &quot;I Think I'm a Mother&quot;  isn't really a dud. Of course, it's different. She sings strangely on it -  but it's still catchy and the bass is AWESOME.<br />This is truly, along with  Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot; and Portishead's &quot;Dummy,&quot; one of  the GREATEST ALBUMS OF THE DECADE.
B000000132|4.0|Turn of the Cards is my favorite CD of Renaissance. Annie Haslam has a great voice and the instrumentation is interesting and quite melodic. Running Hard is the standout cut, with Black Flame and Mother Russia close  seconds. My only complaint is So Cold is Being Lonely since it is such a  direct classical ripoff. But this is a comparatively minor quibble.
0517053616|5.0|This complete works set simply embodies the essence of shakesphere's unique style of playwrite. Wonderful.
6305263248|5.0|If you're looking for a deviously intelligent, hair raising action Flic this is it!  This one, unfortunately kinda got lost in the Box office frenzy last year but is an excellent addition to the action fans  collection.  The chase scenes are brilliant and unlike a lot of the lethal  Weapon type movies out there,you are constantly wondering what direction  the story is going to lead  Its DeNiro! How can you go wrong?
B00000JCB2|5.0|The Limp Bizkit CD is great. It's great music to listen to if your mad or something...well, for me at least. It just gets you going. Go buy it.
0792836502|5.0|The best thing about the movie is the score. I wonder why the movie never got any Oscars. In any case, none of Eastwood's other movies ever matched his performance in this one. Leone, an Italian, captured the wild nature of  the late 19th centure better than any other American director ever did.
0553213105|5.0|I read Pride and Prejudice and imediately fell in love with it.  Once I started reading it I couldn't put it down.  The characters were wonderful and the plot was interesting.  It is one of my all time favorite books.
0451198670|1.0|My book club read this book.  All of us in the group thought the book was boring and dull.  The whole book seemed liked an introduction.  Never getting to the story.  Nothing ever gets going.  We didnt even like the  main character.  Nor could we even get into the other characters.  I havent  seen the movie yet so I dont know if thats like the book or if its any  good.  But dont waste your time with this book......Boring!
6303637493|5.0|Extraordinarily haunting. Beautiful and vibrant, Farinelli leaves it's audience breathless. The only unfortunate incident in this film is when the credits begin to roll, and the realization that it is actually over dawns.
B000002GBK|2.0|Wakeman is one of the Great Egos that Walks in the world of rock.  There are times when his reputation is well deserved; this is not really one of them.  The peice on Merlin is one of the most senselessly silly works he  ever put together; most of the rest range from fair to blase.  If you are a  Wakeman completist, or an odd Arthurian, I would reccomend it; otherwise, I  would suggest you save your shekels for some of his better works.
B000001FQI|5.0|Amazingly enough, it's held my #1 spot of &quot;if you could only keep one CD...&quot; since it came out in '89.  Great sounds, great lyrics with sentiments so tangible to me.  While I may prefer individual songs of other  artists, I can't think of a collection that samples the music and  sentiments of rock 'n' roll era.  The Beatle-esque sounds and 60's idealism  of Seeds of Love.  The transciption of the sci-fi story &quot;The Last  Night of the World&quot; by Ray Bradbury into &quot;Famous Last  Words&quot;.  Cultural/personal struggles of  emancipation in &quot;Woman  in Chains&quot;.  <br />If you only heard of &quot;Seeds of Love&quot; and  think the CD will sound like a pothead's 60's protest CD, forget about it.   Try &quot;Swords and Knives&quot; followed by &quot;Badman's Song&quot; in  their entirety.
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine Dion is all the way with this album.  This is her best.  She touches all ranges in her voice on this CD and one I could listen to over and over. I hope she never stops making music.  The rendition of her All  The Way with Frank Sinatra is like listening to a song made for them to  sing.
B000003AEB|5.0|This cd is incredible.  There is not one track I dislike.  Dr. Dre never produces a bad record.  Too bad Snoop hasn't made anything half as good since.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I'VE LOVED MS.HOUSTON SINCE I WAS A LITTLE GIRL AND HER NEWCD IS THE BOMB. SHE SINGS SONGS OF TRHTH, HEARTACHE,AND JOY. HER VOICE TOUCH MY MIND, HEART, AND SOUL. SHE SHOULD DO MORE TRACKS WITH THE ARTISTS SHE WORKEDWITH  ON THIS ALBUM........... THIS ONE IS ANOTHER H I T! YOU GO GIRL!
B000023VR6|5.0|This cd is really good.  Once you turn it on, the heads start bobbin.  My only complaint is that Dre would be better if he was more aggresive in his songs.  There are several songs I really can't handle listening to.  But  since the rest are so phat, it still makes this one of the best rap cd's  out right now.  Dre and Ice Cube are the only current rappers, in my  opinion, who are on top of their game.  Otherwise, most rap out right now  ain't worth much.
B00000DCWQ|5.0|This album is usually the answer to: If there was only one Tull album you could have....?  And it is true that rarely in the modern era can you find such a unique and evocative work.  Only a handful of times since has Tull  matched or exceeded the effort you can hear on this CD.  The bucolic life  is not a concept you will find often (or ever, outside Tull) in a rock  album.  But here it is presented to perfection.  From the horses hooves  racing and whip-cracking in Hunting Girl to the marvelous Scottish country  dance in Pibroch, this jewel of an album evokes the pleasures of the  British countryside in all seasons.  Martin Barre even gets the chance to  mimick bagpipes with his electric guitar (Pibroch again), though that's not  entirely successful.  Weak points are almost non-existant, and really only  the smallest of minor quibbles is possible in a work this powerful.  The  album was so successful in its concept and execution that critical acclaim  at the time was practically universal.  Tull followed with two more superb  albums playing on different aspects of the same theme (Heavy Horses and the  lesser known, but perhaps even more marvelous, Stormwatch).  You can buy  this CD with full confidence that there is no possibility of  disappointment.
6300248178|4.0|great cast of every muscle-bound actor you have recently seen, including the Governor of Minnesota, appearing in a Rainbow Coalition like the 50's war movies (white, black, Indian, etc.); jungle war plus a desparate battle  for survival against an alien who has dropped in for a hunting vacation
B000008H1R|4.0|&quot;Benefit&quot; was the first Tull album I ever bought (way back in the early 70's), and I think that must be the case for a lot of Tull fans because we all seem to have a soft spot for this particular work (Our  Discovery Album?).  It is still a good listen after all these years --  which says a lot considering how much music from those days I couldn't care  whether I ever heard again.  Of course, time brings out the warts too, and  today I much prefer the sophistication of the later Tull works.  My  tendency is to agree with the Music Fan from New York (below), regardless  of my &quot;soft spot&quot;.  It is, in all truth, something of an uneven  album -- some very fine, timeless high points and some music that is simply  a creature of its day.  On the negative side &quot;Son&quot; seems  hopelessly juvenile and quite grating (especially on older ears!).   &quot;Play in Time&quot; and &quot;A Time for Everything&quot; sound  mundanely psychedellic.  &quot;Sossity, You're a Woman&quot; (a bit of a  songwriting mixture between Dylan and Simon &amp; Garfunkel) just comes off  today as being over the top.  However, even all these years later,  &quot;With You There To Help Me&quot; must stand as one of the greatest  Tull openers (you can even hear a touch of an echo of it in the latest Tull  opener, &quot;Spiral&quot;). &quot;Inside&quot; still appeals as a terribly  under-appreciated work, and of course, &quot;To Cry You a Song&quot; has  always received its due from Tull fans.  For those of you newer and younger  Tull fans, this is definitely a CD you'll want to hear as the jewels  defintely outweigh the pieces which haven't aged as well.
6305558167|5.0|Well, I find this movie incredibly inspiring. If you are a fan of this movie, then the commentary track with John Boorman will be of great interest to you!<br />He got a lot of fantasy right in this movie -- it left  such an impression on me that I still remember almost the entire movie  after seeing it more than 15 years ago. A classic for sure.
B000002LFU|5.0|This is my absolute favorite CD. I love REM so much and this CD is awesome. I love almost all the songs on it which is hard to do for a whole CD. &quot;Get Up&quot; is my favorite song, and &quot;STAND&quot; I call my  happy song because it puts me in such a good mood. If you're thinking of  buying this CD... do it! I haven't gotten sick of it yet and I listen to it  all the time.
B000005H4K|5.0|This is the record that made me a Jazz fan. I'd long flirted with jazz, but this is the first I really connected with. Its the textures and the rawness of the sound that appealed to me, a punk a rockabilly fan for  years. I think this record would appeal to anyone who wants to see how hip  a 60 year old can be.
0790729628|3.0|I'm one of the few that really miss Harrison Ford's voiceovers. The Blade Runner that I knew and loved as like one of those old detective movies woven into the framework of a futuristic world. Without the voiceovers its  more like a subdued Dirty Harry movie. The picture and sound are everything  you would expect from DVD, though Blade Runner is the most bare-bone/no  frills DVD I have ever seen. Warner Brothers did nothing more then the  minimal amount of work needed to transfer the movie from laserdisk onto DVD  -- there is nothing extra. Even the DVD menu is nothing more then the basic  select the language/select the scene/play the movie options superimposed  over a giant WB logo. Maybe I got spoiled by all of the Columbia/Tri-Star  DVD releases, or maybe Warner Bros just doesn't get it yet.
B0000024YL|5.0|This CD has a wonderful selection of songs by the two greatest singers of the sixties, except of course, the Beatles, the songs are great, I listen to it almost everyday, buy the CD, you won't regret it, I promise!
B00000099Y|5.0|This is a truly great CD, that quickly affirmed its position as my favorite album in a matter of days.  I suggest that you all give this amazing album a listen, you will not regret it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|great CD i think that was a great idea and a better performance by metallica i think the whole CD rocks i really liked it
6305089957|3.0|So, we have another hack 'n slash thriller series on our hands. After watching the Halloween series fall into decadence, I'm loath to even think of watching Scream 3 when it comes out. However, while not on the same par  as the first two Halloween sequals, Scream 2 isn't that bad. While not all  of the long list of stars are talented actors, I must admit that most  aren't particularly bad. This movie's script does not do many of the actors  justice, though. They attempt to suprise you by killing the untouchable  actor/actress(Yes, you KNOW who I am talking about), but all they do is  take away my interest for watching Scream 3. If you want to see vintage  Neve, watch Wild Things. For the best Sarah Michelle Gellar, watch the  Buffy the Vampire Slayer series. Cox fits a lot better in a Friends format,  than a horror film. Also, don't hang on your seats for a blow-out ending.  It's an average one, if that. Still, just for an interesting view into the  mind of a serial killer(s), watch this movie when you have the time.
6302968119|4.0|One of the best drug dealer films of the nighties that doesn't include the words homey or dis.  Slater is smooth as Clarence... Arquette is a very sexy Alabama... a charming little soul.  Oldman, the Penn &amp; Sizmore  team, the Walken/Hopper scene... wow.
6305089957|3.0|So, we have another hack 'n slash thriller series on our hands. After watching the Halloween series fall into decadence, I'm loath to even think of watching Scream 3 when it comes out. However, while not on the same par  as the first two Halloween sequals, Scream 2 isn't that bad. While not all  of the long list of stars are talented actors, I must admit that most  aren't particularly bad. This movie's script does not do many of the actors  justice, though. They attempt to suprise you by killing the untouchable  actor/actress(Yes, you KNOW who I am talking about), but all they do is  take away my interest for watching Scream 3. If you want to see vintage  Neve, watch Wild Things. For the best Sarah Michelle Gellar, watch the  Buffy the Vampire Slayer series. Cox fits a lot better in a Friends format,  than a horror film. Also, don't hang on your seats for a blow-out ending.  It's an average one, if that. Still, just for an interesting view into the  mind of a serial killer(s), watch this movie when you have the time.
0684843749|4.0|This book is good in that it gives a variety of exercises for all the muscle groups.  However, different plans work for different people.  Therefore, one must sift through this book to find the exercises that will  work best. This book does contain a lot of information. This makes it easy  for a beginner to get lost and not know where to start.
B000005ALP|5.0|This album changed me for the better. I learned every word and it is surely the greatest thing ever. It grabbed my complete attention, changed everything about me, and over all completley rocked my world. A must for  anyone for has ever existed.
B000023VR6|5.0|This album definitely is worth it. I didn't think it could live up to the hype, and it did! Yeah, Ice cube should've been on it, and there are only 2 songs Dre did alone, but the beats are bumpin and the lyrics as blazing and  edgy as ever. He's still got it!   There are 22 songs on the CD!  (almost could've been a 2CD set) Best songs: 2,4,5,7,10,15,17 -- MC REN,  Snoop, and Eminem give the best appearances! Go out and buy this album now!  You won't be let down!
6305372411|5.0|There is just no way to express the greatness of this series. Every Thing anyone would ever want to know was answered. Even in parts that were not as exciting there were true stories told and those were incredible. As far as  adventures real or fake this one takes the top with the distance from the  earth to the moon between second. If possible I would give this 7 or 8  stars five just doesn't do it justice
B0000033TE|5.0|One of the best albums of all time, considering you have to keep in mind that this is a 3-piece act. I'm not one for lyrics, so don't even consider them when writing reviews.  However, as far as musicians, this group can't  be topped, especially when you see what they have accomplished as solo  artists, done with other bands, and the influence they have had with other  bands who have come after them.  Thanks to what Emerson did with the Moog  synthesizer, almost every keyboard player in the rock genre has been  influenced by Emerson, due in large credit to the work on this album.
630562285X|2.0|I had high hopes for this movie when it first came to theaters.  Sean Connery is quite a good actor and Catherine Zeta-Jones is quite beautiful.  But Sean Connery's acting and Catherine Zeta-Jones' beauty couldn't save  this film.  It started out quite well with the initial heist.  The director  does a good job pulling you into the story.  Then, he takes a turn for the  worst and gives you the exact opposite of the criminal you thought you knew  all along.  It just doesn't add up.  If they had just stuck with one twist  it could have been a great film.  But no!  They had to out-twist even a  pretzel!   What were the screenwriters thinking!   Don't see this movie  unless you like being not confused by many twists that were meant to  confuse and say &quot;Hey, this is a great film.&quot;  Trust me on this  one.  I hope this is helpful.  If it isn't and you love this film, then you  have my sincere condolences.
B000007VYV|5.0|The Colour and the Shape is a tidier effort from Dave Grohl's first solo Cd, titled Foo Fighters. Dave's style is one to be marveled at, as his songs have great start, bridges and finishes. The guitar riffs are amazing,  fast and direct in Everlong, slow and sweet in Walking after you.Hero is  especially poignant as Dave is vocalizing his pain over the loss of Nirvana  front-man, and bandmate, Kurt Cobain. The lyrics are about pain, lost love,  and coming home.  They are always positive and upbeat, and there is not one  Foo Fighters song I dislike.
6305609691|5.0|They don't get much better than this.  The acting is superb.  The direction is magnificent.  The pure skill is mind-boggling.  I love this film.  The DVD just makes it much better.  I saw this movie several years  ago for the first time and didn't pay attention to it, but now that I've  seen it when I am more mature and I realize this is genius!   Francis Ford  Coppola outdid himself with this masterful work of art.  Marlon Brando was  brilliant in the short amount of screen time he had.  Martin Sheen was the  best man for the role of Captain Willard.  He identified the role so well  that you can practically feel the same way he feels about what happens in  his mission.  The script was superb.  THE BEST SCRIPT EVER FOR AN ANTI-WAR  FILM!   Don't miss this cinematic masterpiece!
B00002Z88D|5.0|From what I heard on the radio and television (thankyou VH1!) I love the new Metallica and Symphony work. It perfectly blends my classical tastes and my craving for live heavy energetic metal. Who does rock better than  Metallica? And the symphony itself lends itself fully to the music, I don't  think Metallica could've done anything more for their music outside of  playing with this symphony. I'm glad (vaguely) classical music is getting  some recognition among rock fans, if you listen there are a lot of  parallels. By the way, and I don't know how appropriate this is, I suggest  looking into a band called Apocalyptica, as they are a cello quartet that  does Metallica (and others) covers. Their first CD is good, and their  second is truly excellent. If you like the S&amp;M album, and you should,  then definately invest in Apocalyptica. Good job San Francisco symphony!  Well done!
B000002BFL|5.0|Simply his best.  Forget E-Street and electric.  Bruce shines.  The tunes are folkish, haunting and telling.  Like &quot;Nebraska,&quot; Bruce takes you on an American journey, exposing us to comman-man truths of this  country.  The vivid imagery is compelling.  Also, if I remember correctly,  Bruce himself traveled some rails for inspiration with a sociologist  researching a book--sorry I can not remember the author or title.
B000002H6C|4.0|Falls only slightly behind Ride The Lightning as far as metallica albums go.
0385491026|5.0|I loved the story it gave a sincere and tantalizing story of girl growing up. I walked from it believing that I understood myself and the world a little bit better.  The other reviews seemed to be disturbed that it wasn't  a happy book?  It was a real book!  It was hard to think of it as fiction.  The discriptions of what Elaine saw and painted and felt, had me wanting to  paint and look and feel my own life.  (I wish I could write a better  review but I read the book over a year ago and picked it up again yesterday  reading through it and it inspired to write this.  The book was capturing  me just looking through it.)
B000002H2H|5.0|From Creeping Death to Fade To Black this album has it all, fast guitar work, Creeping Death to slower more mellow Fade to Black. This is the best rock album ever written! If you only buy one Mettalica album buy Ride The Lightning. You cannot listen to this album without having chills go up and down your spine, it is that good!
1567404103|4.0|I typically like books with a lot of action, and in fact had just finished listening to one when I settled down with this book.  I must admit that during the first few minutes of the book (I listened to the unabridged  audiobook version) I was hoping for more action.  But then I was sucked in  by the storyline and from that point forward I was along for the ride of  what turned out to be a darned good mystery story.  Not one part of this  book bored me or seemed to move too slow.  The pace was excellent, the  clues and details were revealed at the appropriate times, and the  development of the characters and the issues they were dealing all fit  together perfectly.  And when I thought I had everything all figured out,  the author still had a few surprises left.  This book is how a good mystery  should be written. I highly recommend it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit is one of the best bands today and Significant other is a great follow up to Three Dollar Bill, Y'all.  Every song on this album is great.  If you have a chance to see them in concert don't pass it up it is  a once in a lifetime experiance.  This is probably one of the best albums  to come out in the 90's and is a must have!
B00000ILDE|3.0|I love this movie, but the 17 extra minutes totally ruin it.  They remove every ounce of mystery and subtlety from the film, and it proves that James Cameron doesn't understand the necessity of an editor (this is further evidenced by Titanic).  The reinstated scenes were left out for a reason,  and the producers of this DVD should have recognized that and set them off  under the Special Features section.  Instead we're forced to watch these  scenes destroy a great movie.  Stick with the original.
B000009ED0|2.0|while this may be slightly better than some of the other rap/rock albums out there, its still not worth the time and effort not to mention the money it takes to go to the store and buy.
B00000AA6C|5.0|I'M VERY LOVE THIS MOVIE WHEN I WAS A CHILD.... I'M LOVE IT UNTIL NOW.....I HOPE U CAN RELEASE THIS MOVIE AGAIN...CAUSE I WANT TO BUT IT ...... I LOVE THE SONG OF THIS MOVIE AND I'M ALSO LOVE THE ARCTOR  ESPEACILLY MR.CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER... I LOVE HIM SO MUCH...HANDSOME...AND I  DON'K KNOW WHAT THE WORD CAN I USING TO DESCRIBE HIM..... ANYWAY I LOVE HIM  SO MUCH....... THE LAST I HOPE U CAN RELEASE THIS MOVIE AGAIN.... THANK  YOU......
031286504X|4.0|If you like vampire books then you'll love 'I am Legend'.  It creates a terrifying world where one man struggles to survive alone.  Hunted and hunter, he becomes the abnormal; the one different to everyone else, the  one to be scared of.  Enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|Totally cool and awesome! Great action and the best fight sequences outside of Hong-Kong!  Came out of the theatre with the same feeling as everybody else - &quot;WOW!&quot;. Just don't get too deep into the story,  enjoy it for what it is.  If you get the DVD, think of it as a good excuse  to get that projector and surround sound system! ;-)
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica finally came out with a new cd.  It has been many years since there last cd with there own songs.  This is a must buy for any Metallica fan.  Every single song on this cd is great.  I love it.
B0000047CX|5.0|This album is bossa nova's finest moment. It contains the definitive version of one of the greatest hits in jazz music --- The Girl From Ipanema --- the first part sung in Portuguese by guitarist/singer Joo Gilberto, the second in English by his ex-wife Astrud who had never sung professionally before this recording. All the songs were written by Antonio Carlos Jobim except Para Machucar Meu Coraao and Doralice.  Stan Getz's lyrical yet swinging solos complement Joo's equally lyrical singing and rhythmic guitar playing.  The unassuming Jobim plays a brief but beautiful piano solo on Corcovado (Quiet Nights of Quiet Stars). Tommy Williams (bass) and Milton Banana (drums) provide the steady rhythm without overpowering the music.  To this day, Getz/Gilberto remains the definitive bossa nova album.<br /><br />The sound quality on this 20-bit remastered edition is even more brilliant than the original CD reissue. Moreover, the fading notes on some of the selections have been extended, thus prolonging the listening pleasure just a bit more.<br /><br />This album proves that music is indeed a universal language. You don't need to know Portuguese to understand, let alone, appreciate this album. All you need is the ability to appreciate fine music and an innate sense to admire beauty, and this CD has plenty to offer.
B000002NHN|5.0|This album is amazing and contains a lot of information assembled as a mosaic of songs with bits and pieces from each of her travels and based on celtic culture in foreign countries.  She has amazing accounts of her  journeys in a journal type format with dates and locations.  This album is  based on culture and exploration and it is an amazing, articulate timeline  of events.  I rate this album 5 stars because of the originality and the  beautiful singing voice, not to mention the hard work that was obviously  put into creating this album.
B00000K0T8|5.0|On this cd Ironman features Raekwon and Cappadonna, and it`s prodused by RZA. Some may say that says it all, but GHOSTFACE hasn`t put any raw clips from kung-fu movies on his tracks. And I think every WU-TANG cd must have  swords swingin` and kung-fu fhights in the background. Anyway, this cd is  good sh**. Specialy track 7, Witer Warz. It`s a lyrical onslaught with raw  beats and rhymes. Winter Warz is also to be heard on the hoodmovie  &quot;Don`t be a menace to south central while drinking your juice in the  hood&quot;. And if you like slow song check out track 15, &quot;Al that I  got is you&quot; feat. Mary J. Blige. ******BUY THIS CD AND LOVE IT******
B000005RS6|5.0|This double CD is Deep Purple at its best. High quality playing, with a lot of energy. Steve Morse the new Guitar player, has breathed new life into the band, and has inspired the 4 Made in Japan line up members, to  their early 70's greatness.Keyboardist Jon Lord is just fantastic on this  recording. His Hammond Organ solo on the opening track,Fireball, is just  tremendous. There must have been smoke pouring off of those ivories after  that workout. The other band members are in top form as well. Another  highlight is the song called &quot;When A Blind Man Cries&quot;, which  showcases Ian Gillans still excellent voice. This is one of the best  records I have heard in many years. It ranks up there with &quot;Made in  Japan&quot; which is considered by many as the best Live Rock Album of all  time. Buy this CD, YOU will not be disappointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorite action flicks. I have viewed it three times and all of my friends love it too. The sound effects, music, and special effects are spectacular.
B000002MP2|5.0|This is one of the best albums of this decade, if not in the history of music. Every normal person can relate to what Billie Joe sings about:boredom,fear of girls,and constant self-criticism. The perfect  teenage angst record of the 90's.
6305327041|5.0|I cannot understand how people couldn't like this.... Wait a minute, I can understand. It may not be to everyones taste but I think its one of the funniest movies ever created. The actors are obviously having one hell of a  time and it really makes the movie more enjoyable. Bruce Willis has a  hillarious unbilled Cameo in the fourth story. (Which is my favourite  story) Tim Roth's Jerry Lewis Impersenation is the star of the film. See it  for yourself and make up your own mind.
6304500831|5.0|I am nearly 4o years old &amp; this film brings back all the joys, magic, &amp; wonder that we sometimes loose touch with as we grow older. I still catch myself singing the songs whilst doing some chore. I bought a copy for  my cousins although my uncle is the one that wears out the tape! They live  in another county so I dont get the chance to see the movie much. I  foolishly did'nt buy a copy for myself &amp; desperatly want a copy to be  cherished in my home to share with my friends, so come on Disney re-release  the film pleeeeeeese.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I thought Their debut album was really great, but this one is amazing.  The lyrics are so profound and true to life and the music is great.  The talent that is exuded by this album is unbelievable.  If you are thinking  of buying this CD, please do.  Every song is great and you will be glad you  bought it.
0553208845|5.0|I am really interested in Eastern culture, especially that of Buddhist people. In Siddharta, I learned a lot about Buddhist clerics, especially about their lifestyles... I believe that what Hesse tells us about those  people are the typical information that we could ever get... I am a young  man, and I have my own problems...I found myself in Siddharta, and I could  look at the world through Siddharta's eyes...that is, I insistently  recommend this book to young people of the world... I am a Muslim, and I  could find lots of things in Siddharta that are similar to my  worldview...and I believe that Siddharta emboddies the main properties of  all religions... Siddharta: a book for all people,a book for all  religions....
B00001U0GQ|5.0|I've been waiting for this to come out on DVD for the longest time. It's one of the greatest movies made about Native Americans. Dances With Wolves is another good moive. Movies about Native Americans are more exciting and  more realistic if Native American actors and actresses are a part of the  movie. Also check out ThunderHeart.
0316152196|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed &quot;Angel's Flight&quot; as a Harry Bosch page-turner.  But as a resident (and former reporter) in Los Angeles, Connelly should know better -- it is Grand AVENUE, not Grand STREET, and it  is the Museum of CONTEMPORARY Art, not the Museum of MODERN Art (in New  York).  And the fact-checker at the publisher's office should truly have  done his/her job more thoroughly.  This is sloppiness, pure and simple, and  both errors popping up on the first couple pages made me so angry I  actually put the book down and didn't read it for a couple of months.  Call  me a nit-picker, but as a writer myself (both published and produced), this  kind of error is something I find inexcusable.<br />As a Bosch novel/mystery,  though, it was terrific.  Not my very favorite, but near the top.
B00000IPAX|4.0|i usualy dont go by cd's if i hear just one song off it but after i heard whats my age again i had to get it after that i have not been able to stop listening to it i love the songs like the party song whats my age again  alien exist infact i like the whole cd if you dont have it shame on you go  get it now i also like it when you put the cd in and it shows you a little  movie and while your at it go take a listen to limp bizkit, korn and the  offspring there all great
B000002C1Z|4.0|I bought Animals after a friend recommended it to me, as the next step in my Floyd collection after Dark Side and Wish You Were Here.  I have to admit that at first I was not wild about it.  It seemed that it was too  much like The Wall, without attaining that album's greatness.  Some of the  singing grated on my nerves, and I was initially sorry to have bought  it.<br />That was before I really started listening to the songs.  My  recommedation (which I do not always follow, I must admit), is that when  you buy a Pink Floyd album, that you READ THE LYRICS.  You would not  believe how this can change how you listen to a song.<br />Now that I have  come to a better understanding of the album, I have to admit, that while  still not my favourite Floyd album, it is certainly a Classic, which has  been unfairly ignored.
B0000048V8|5.0|I have seen this film dozens of times, and every time it has the same effect on me.  As if by magic, I am transported just like the little boy when his beloved snowman takes his hand and they fly to a frozen land of  enchantment.  The flying sequence, along with the beautiful music, is just  breathtaking.  And the innocence of story, even Raymond Briggs short  introduction, is absolutely charming.  I recommend this for  &quot;children&quot; of all ages.
B00000JCB2|5.0|this album is so awesome, re-arranged and n 2 gether now, are so cool, the songs are so cool, if you like limp you need this cd.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot rules!  They combine rap, punk, and metal all in to one new type of sound.  I can't think of too many other bands to compare them to except for maybe Snot or Spineshank.  KoRn is my favorite band, and I can't see  how their sound resembles KoRn.  I doubt they will triumph above the likes  of KoRn, Limp Bizkit, and Kid rock.  Their video was banned from MTV, so  the whole world won't get to hear this awesome band.  As one person  mentioned earlier, their second album wouldn't be any good.  Well, I do  believe this is their second album.  Their first was titled &quot;Mate,  Feed, Kill, Repeat&quot; and only had 8 tracks.  They only made 4,000  copies, or something along the lines of that.
6304711875|5.0|Scream is so cool, it keeps you wondering who the killer is the who time, and at the end your in shock of who it is. Neve is so great in it, if your a fan, see this movie she is a wonderful actress, so is David, so see this  if you haven't it rocks!
0790729628|5.0|A movie to remember, starring Harrison Ford in a dazzling shocking sci-fi classic with great specials effects and terrefic music by Vangelis made this movie a must see!
B00002MZ12|5.0|I have to disagree with Amazon's review on Alanis's Unplugged venture.  While I agree her vocal take on many of the songs is edgy, I don't agree  the delivery and performance is weak or &quot;singing in the tub&quot;  shoddy.  I do think, this album gives any Alanis fan a delightful, honest  listening experience.  For better or worse, this body of work is Alanis!  I  have to applaud Alanis's courage to perform her songs as she only wished  she could on her studio outtakes!  Many emotional, indie artists like  Alanis are very short changed by the slick mechanical mixing of the sound  studio.  Bravo Alanis!  There is more emotion and thought in your work than  we ever thought possible!
B000023VR6|5.0|Man i never thought that dre would be back in action like this, he has old school beats just like when he was with deathrow. If you have not bought this cd yet your a loser. Oh and i wanna tell my girl Heather i love her,  buy this cd.
B000002H2H|5.0|Obviously, one of the best metal albums of all time.  &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; are two of the best underrated Metallica songs.  Its hard for me to publicly give credit to  these guys today, but old Metallica is too good to ignore.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This CD has an incredible sound and texture to it. The symphony, which one would expect to seem out of place, completely melds with the Metallica crew, especially on ballads. To hear a full strings section in the  background of Wolf and Man gives it a fullness like none which can be  described. One FEELS the music, they don't simply hear it... I thought this  was a ridiculous idea, a sign of the band's sellout, but to the contrary  its one of their greatest works.
B00000K19E|5.0|great storyline - great movie. Whether its your first DVD or not, its well worth adding to your collection.
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine is the best singer that there is PERIOD! I used to think that Mariah Carey what the best singer...but Celine has her beat! The album &quot;All the Way&quot; is the best one yet...too bad she is going away for  2 years...and hopefully coming back!  If you don't have any or all of her  albums definatelly put it on your Christmas list!
B00000JCB2|4.0|I was a skeptic about buying this CD because of N 2 Gether Now, but being a huge Korn/Jon Davis fan, I had to b uy it because he is featured on  a track. The CD is not bad, however it is more of a Fred Durst/DJ Lethal CD,  there is not enough Wes an Otto like on 3DB. On most trac ks there is a  sampled drum beat so Sam is barely featured. Buy this CD, but there are  better ones to buy (Issues)
0780622553|5.0|It is really difficult to do this movie justice in a written review because it is such an amazing piece of work. While watching it I was reminded of so many other classic movies as it borrows from the likes of  Metropolis, Blade Runner, La Cite Des Enfants Perdus(City of Lost Children)  and the classic film noir movies of the 40's and 50's. It is also the kind  of movie which can be watched again and again and you will still find  something new in it every time. Visually it is brilliant and very detailed  and it is truly impressive how they can show a city submerged in eternal  night without it becoming monotonous or too dark to make out the bits and  pieces. The acting is also very good, with Kiefer Sutherland as my personal  favourite in a cast full of very capable actors. Both Rufus Sewell and  Jennifer Connelly are very acomplished actors and yet far from being  overused in movies as many of the best actors are, and this helps to make  the characters they play very believable. I particularly found Connellys  laid-back, almost lazy, approach to suit the movies mood perfectly. William  Hurt as Inspector Bumstead is definetly not far behind though, and does a  wonderful job as the lonely accordion-playing detective who knows his life  is missing something but can't put his finger on what it is.<br />New Line has  done a very good job with this dvd also, adding two commentary tracks, an  intereactive game as well as many other features like a comparison with  Metropolis and cast bios. I have just one objection to this movie and  unfortunatly it is a rather annoying one. At the beginning of the movie  there is a voice-over with Sutherland explaining a lot of stuff that would  have been better left to be discovered by the viewer as the movie  progressed. I really don't know why some directors/studios insist on  insulting the viewers intelligence by spoon-feeding them stuff like this,  but unfortunatly its something we've come to expect from Hollywood studios  over theyears. Nevertheless, this movie is an incredible journey through  the heart, soul and mind of the Dark City and some of its inhabitants, and  is in my opinion the best movie of 1998.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple has always been one of my favorite artists.  Her music is so soulful and has so much meaning.  I think that she is a great writer and I just get into the song and the way she feels listening to the lyrics.  I  think that if there was an award for the longest title of an album it would  have to be When the Pawn....  It would definately win because I have never  seen a name longer.  I loved Tidal so much and I love this release as much.   Even though her sound has changed it still has that certain soulfulness to  it.  Fiona Apple will always be at the top of my list!
6305603847|5.0|This film is one of the most powerful films I have seen.  It is a shame most people have to assoiciate the downward spiral to drug use.  This film is very abstract. I believe it is done so in a way so that the viewer can  feel how estranged the character Pink becomes.  Excellent Artwork,  metaphorical presentation, and staging coupled with powerful music.  Hate  it or love it, must watch at least twice to start forming your own views.
6305627401|5.0|The movie gives the show an uplifting view how South Park would be like without censorship. If you like the show, and can take it for what it is, you will love South Park the movie.This movie is made for mature adults. It  is very funny but not meant for children.IT MAKES FUN OF EVERYBODY.That is  probably why it is so funny.Matt Stone and Trey Parker, creators of South  Park, have out done themselves again with this movie.
B000008LH5|5.0|This is my first Ten Years After album. I bought it after hearing and falling in love with their performance of &quot;I'm Going Home&quot; in the Woodstock concert film. This is really great stuff. Alvin Lee is truly a  phenomenal guitarist. It's a shame that he does not get his due credit. For  anyone who likes guitar-heavy rock and/or blues, this CD is a must-have. I  am definitely going to buy more TYA albums. Check out Canned Heat also if  you like this.
0812589041|5.0|I'll tell you the truth: this is probably the best book I have ever read.  If you buy this book and don't enjoy it, you've probably been looking under the wrong book genre.  Really, the only way to hate this book is to want to  hate it.<br />The thing about this book that makes it so appealing is that all  the world's events tie together with one family's kids.  You might find it  a little odd, at first, for the world to revolve around three kids from the  same family, but Card does a skillful job at make it all believable (at  least to an extent, but, heck, it's sci-fi, right?).  Really, I'd recommend  it to all readers, SF lovers and non SF readers alike.  If you like a good  plot with a lot of action and tension, BUY THIS BOOK!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Shockingly unreal. I've never listened to anything so amazing in my life. Deffinetly new ground for any metal band, and it couldn't have been done any better!
B000002TQV|5.0|I am writing this review from the standpoint of someone who has listened to Radiohead chronologically since Pablo Honey came out.  Every album is different, incredible, and a very emotional experience for me.  I receive a  different gift from each one .  It's good to listen to one after the other  to feel the progression of the people and the music.  The Bends somehow  stands out as my favorite album by this band.  I think that it's Thom's  voice that really gets me...how can do justice to it with words?  All I can  really say is that this is a phenomenal album, and I can't explain why with  a set of reasons.  There is a line in a song on this album that says,  &quot;You've got to feel it in your bones.&quot;  That's exactly the  experience of listening to The Bends.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|...this is the album for you and if you never heard of them, the band!   My brother has writin some review on KoRn and  I like pretty much the same as him.  So if you like thier other albums this is the one for you! :-)
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Catchy, very catchy.  To put it simply, the album is Fiona.  That is almost enough said for anyone who already loves her stuff.  Musically, &quot;When the Pawn&quot; is an expansion of Fiona's previous album.  She  is no longer dependant on the piano (an instrument which i love), and  brings in a diversity of sound which is not expected...but with Fiona, it  can be believed.  The music is beautiful, slightly dark, and essential  listeing.  Trust me, you want this album.
B000001Y42|1.0|&quot;Oh look Nookie rhymes with cookie, now we have a hit song&quot; come on, they cant wright a good song even if they tried. And Fred has no rang, he can yell, or sing loud. And whats with the guitar players, do they  relize a guitar has more than 2 strings? The bass is not used as a snare  you know. If you want real metal, go with Metallica (even the thier new  stuff is better) or Cannibal Corpse if you want that loud voice
B000005QH3|5.0|What's not mentioned on the cover or in any of these other reviews is that this copy must have been transfered by or remastered from the original negative. I've never seen this film look so good except for when i first  saw it on T.V. back in the 70's. Everthing is better, The sound, The  picture, The action, And i think even the plot is made better by this  upgrade. If you already own one of those other copies of this movie, Buy  this one, You wont be disapointed.
0140189378|5.0|In one of Bellow's best works, Seize the Day tackles many of the hardships faced in the capitalistic society of America.  The main character, Wilhelm, has failed miserably at virtually everything he has ever attempted.  This  failure is a derivation from the fact that his father has never been able  to show him love.  Thus, Wilhelm accepts love from anyone who is offering,  and constantly gets taken advantage of by those he trusts.  Hidden within  the text, is the issue of the Holocaust, and how the world must reflect and  look at the sins of the past in order to progress into the future.   Ironically, &quot;Seizing the Day&quot; is not the answer for Wilhelm, or  the world.  From this novella, we must realize that in order to move on  with our lives, we must reflect upon and accept our sins and mistakes of  the past.  Very powerful and moving, this novella should force every reader  to think about the direction of their lives, and the importance of love and  compassion.
6303921248|5.0|On my wife's suggestion we rented this from the video store last year despite the fact that these kind of movies were not my cup of tea, but I sat through it.  Imagine my surprise when it actually grabbed my attention  and I began to enjoy it. I bought the A&amp;E six video set for her  birthday, and each time I watched it, I liked it more and more.  We just  finished it again the other day.<br />As a drama-suspense-action movie buff,  I'm almost embarrassed to say that this has become one of my favorite  movies!  The characters are excellently played.  I particularily like  Mr.Bennett!  I have never read the book, but I am trying to convince my  wife to teach it in her English classes so that the students get a chance  to watch this excellent movie.  It almost makes you wish that it was  longer!
B00000I0XW|5.0|This is my first Sarah CD, and I  bought it because of hearing her on the Andrea Bocelli CD. THIS IS AMAZING. If you are a musical fan, this is a must have. She is truly spectacular. It is making my christmas shopping  easier because everyone is getting this album....
B00000IFWE|5.0|If you are a true Tom Petty and Heartbreakers fan and haven't got this album yet, you are definitely missing out.  Tom and the guys have put together probably the best songs in their long career.  Room At the Top is  so good that it makes you feel like whatever life throws at you, you can  conquer it.  I was very pleased with this album.  It is one of Tom's  greatest!  You must listen to it to believe it!  Go buy it, it's  AWESOME!
6304383827|4.0|This movie is just OK.  The performances were terrific--especially Jeremy Northam, Sophie Thompson and Juliet Stevenson.  However, as I was watching the movie--I wanted to &quot;accelerate&quot; it at times.  What I mean by  that is the tempo of the movie is kinda slow.  I'm not sure if this is an  error due to the screenwriter or director or maybe both.  All I can say is  that this movie is OK but not nearly as good as the just released Mansfield  Park.  That movie really moves!
B000023VR6|5.0|One of the best CD's in '99 if not the best! Every song on here is tight as hell!
630428540X|5.0|Watch Phenomenon with Frank Capra's christmas classic and see how each life touches another.  even the characters names are similar.  the perfect date movie.
0140189378|4.0|Seize The Day concisely portrays a good hearted, but pitiful man's struggle to cope with a life of failed endeavors.  It's an interesting examination of the psychological gymnastics sometimes required to cope with  life's tribulations.  And the unadulterated despair which results when hope  is lost.  Depressing, but also absorbing.
6303942830|5.0|A work of brilliance crafted from a work of brilliance.  Strength, courage, culture, individuality.  These are the themes on which the story is built.  White man, red man, wo-man.  We are all equal so long as we  think with our own minds and speak with our own lips.<br />Cinematography and  musical score equal the story's grandeur.  I love this movie.
0425129586|5.0|I haven't read a better novel. The suspense floods you. You would have no idea whodonit without either reading the ENTIRE book or pondering it seriously hard. The book itself has wonderful description. I would  recommend this book for ages 11+ because of understanding concepts. It  definitely is a read again. Agatha Christie delivers wonderful material in  this novel. After you read it, you'll put on a positive review as I did,  guaranteed.
0385484518|5.0|This book explores the ending of life and reveiws many of life's lessons.  Morrie was a man who always seemed to follow his heart and really enjoy life. His lessons for life are good for anyone at any age.  Immediately  after reading this book, I gave it to my father, who also thought it was a  great work.  I have always enjoyed Mitch Albom's wtiting and once again, he  gets you emotionally involved!  Awesome
B00000J7S8|5.0|I was surprised to discover that with all the diversity of music types, and the strength of the media in marketing new artists in the music industry worldwide, that it would be possible for such a voice as that of  DK to appear at the very end of our millenium and still astound me. I have  bought every music ever marketed of DK. Suggest yo do the same. It's  heaven.
6304696566|3.0|The searchers is one of the most important movie never made but i'm verry desapointed. This dvd present a standard version and wildescreen version. But it's not the unbelievibal original theatrical exhibition  (the largest  scope you can imagine, more or less  2,5: 1. You can see it on CD Video).  This present DVD's Wildscreenn version is just a standard version including  two black lines... An incrdible  letter box  presentation...   Un film comme  a mritait plus de respect   (in french !) and I'm always waiting for a  real good  dvd edition of this great part of american art !   (Excuse my  very bad english... I'm french !)
6304675399|2.0|I don't what they were trying to get at with this movie, i guess putting Drew Barrymore in the movie was trying to grab a certain audiance. All I gotta say is she was dead in like the first 20 minutes which doesn't seem  like she was really a main character at all. The only reason I would have  wanted to see the secound one was because she was in it, but, OPPS! shes  dead before it starts. The plot was see through and the leads of &quot;who  done it&quot; were really obvisious. You had to know that it was more then  one person because everyone else was placed somewher else. I think this  move was made with the money in mind, not real horror. 2 and 3 are just an  insult to your intelligents.
B0000029GA|5.0|Nazir Jones a.k.a. Nas-Nasty Nas, produced one of the greatest albums in the history of rap.  Nas flows as great as the likes of such rap phenomenons as Tupac Shakur, The Notorious B.I.G, Rakim, Public Enemy, and  RunDMC on Illmatic.  There are no low points on this album.  Every song has  the intensity of a lyrical master.  Nas was 20 years old and literally had  the world in his hands.  This is the album to have.  Keeping it short and  simple Nas flows deeply into the hearts of men and women and children and  teens with outstanding beats and great charisma.
6305594252|4.0|Like the Star Trek franchise of movies, STARGATE is actually a sci-fi film with an even mixture of intelligence and blazing action.  The intertwining of an alien being the explanation for Egyptian history and mythology is not  new, but is handled in a clever and exciting way.  The effects are  excellent as is the production design.  My favorite being the rings that  shoot down to transport people along with the excellent sound effect that  accompanies them.  The Stargate itself is also a design masterpiece; and  the geometric concept behind a Stargate and the point of origin; and the  idea of encoding the chevrons to get to another planet in any part of the  universe....<br />The viewer will see how the alien influences Egyptian  historical culture, (or how Egyptian historical culture influences  Hollywood aliens!).<br />As usual, James Spader does a fine job.  His  scatter-brained, yet highly intelligent, Daniel Jackson is charming with  just enough nerishness to pepper his character.  Kurt Russel does well as  the taciturn Col. O'Neil, still mourning the death of his son.<br />The only  disappointment is the last twenty-or-so minutes where the action is  definitely progressing at a breakneck speed, but in all honesty, we never  do care about the otherworldly extras enough to get lost in the suspense of  saving their planet.  However, this is definitely one of my all time  sci-fi/action favorites.
0964385619|4.0|I am a begining practitioner of this philosophy...it works, the kids seem to think my wife and I are a &quot;money tree&quot;, maybe we are,  however, this book explains the roots, care, feeding and harvesting of  fruit from that tree...an easy read for the beginner, concise and  informative, not complicated nor ho-hum boring, nice analogy....now if the  recipe works, we shall see.
6305358613|4.0|Okay, 4 stars because of the rewriting of history.  (Issue already addressed....)<br />Anyway, again, another Hollywood eye-candy treat.  Visual splendour, excellent acting, and a plot that intrigues.  Cate Blanchette is  a fine actress and does a wonderful turn as she evolves from shy, timid  Princess Elizabeth to strong-willed, take no prisoners Queen Elizabeth.  After all, as she says: &quot;I am my father's  daughter.&quot;<br />Beautifully filmed with an even lovelier production  design--scenery, costumes and all.
6304711905|5.0|This movie is one of the best western pictures I've ever seen at least 50 times.  My wife can't believe how many times I've watched it.
B0000024Z7|5.0|There are few musicians who elevate the art form to the levels achieved by Carlos Santana, Mike Shrieve, Gregg Rolie, and Neal Schon on this album.  CARAVANSERAI was created at a transitional phase in the band's evolution  which was marked by Carlos' spiritual inner journey and a high degree of  openness and experimentation in the band's approach to the music.  Added to  these factors are the sheer virtuosity and musicianship of the band  members, who were now at the peak of their craft.  There have been only a  few albums that achieve the level of beauty and mastery that this album  does.  Do I dare name them?  The Beatles - Magical Mystery Tour, Jefferson  Airplane's - Volunteers, Jimi Hendrix -  Electric Ladyland.<br />CARAVANSERAI  is one of life's mysteries that I don't want to figure out. I don't know  why it moves my heart and soul, but it does, from beginning to end.  It is  easily Santana's best work.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well when i first heard of this concert, i thought...what the hell are they planning on doing now..are they crazy? it wont mix, For starters, Metallica are after all the Maestros of METAL, and an orchestra? They  wouldnt be able to keep up with them and the timing would be all over the  place.. Well, Could i be more wrong in my life? Yes i admit to it, i was  wrong. The album is one of the best yet, I also though that you wouldnt be  able to hear parts of it, like very soft in some parts, like the guitars  would out amplify the Orchestra, But in this album, you can hear  everything. The orchestra sound soo good with such songs as The Call of  Ktulu, which itself is a masterpeice in itself, it heightens the music to a  new area. The album is totally great, and the 2 new songs such as Minus  Human and No Leaf Clover, Are particulary are great in itself, and shows  metallica, are once again, goin back to what they do best HEAVY... James's  vocals in the album are totally great, Kirks solos are clean, and  understandable... However i was disappointed with the lack of talkin after  a song, which was removed in some parts.. thats the only thing i missed  about it. But the title says it all S&amp;M doesnt stand now for Symphony  and MEtallica<br />to me it stands for<br />Superb and Magnificant<br />or you could  say without the &amp; in it<br />SO MAD!
0446525537|5.0|It was 10:30pm as I started to read this book, and got to Chapter 3 before I nodded off. Instinctively, I found myself awake as the sun came up to finish reading about Jamie and Landon. I didn't even want to leave my bed  to find a tissue so my pajama sleeves were soaked! I thoroughly enjoyed  Nicholas Sparks' other 2 books and am grateful I requested this one for my  birthday! I was so moved by the tenderness and geniune feelings between the  main characters. Some reviewers call it sappy? Well, keep bringing it on  Mr. Sparks. I'll always be in line to buy your books. Thanks for a great  morning!
0446525537|5.0|It is so nice to know that there are still areas in the heart not so jaded that they cannot be reached by innocent joy and sorrow. There are still stories that find those areas in the heart.  There are still some writers  who know how to reach into the depths of the reader and find the soul.   Nicholas Sparks is one of those writers.  A Walk to Remember is one of  those stories.  What a perfect gift for Christmas! Thank you Mr. Sparks!
0788811363|5.0|An unusually rich, complex tale with characters to match. Wonderful music and cinemotography. I thought the moral ambiguity of the Patient (is he hero or villian?) was handled well. Tinglingly romantic, girls, but I think  there is plenty of action to draw in theguys as well. Like a sensual,  erotic dream. Loved it!
6304316267|3.0|Actually, this would get 3 1/2 stars.  It's a good movie, but no award winner 5 star movie.  If you're a tree-hugger (like the other reviewer) and the premise of this movie bothers you, than why did you use the electricity  to watch it, not to mention using the electricity for your computer to rip  it apart?
B000002OVJ|5.0|I picked this album up because I had heard about the Who from friends who said they were solid. But I did not expect to hear what I did. My speakers were smoking when the CD clicked off and I was drained. This is the BEST  LIVE ALBUM I HAVE EVER HEARD!  The energy and musicianship is amazing. I  wish I could have seen them in their prime...live. BUY THIS ALBUM...YOU  WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
6305627401|5.0|This is an intelligent, outrageously funny film and the best musical I've ever seen. Parker and Stone show their genius with razor sharp humor, keen social commentary and hilarious songs. It's kinda scary how much I like  this film.
0553108034|5.0|Both Song of Ice and Fire books go beyond standard fantasy conventions and present real worlds and real people. Many readers seem to be happy with generic 'elf and alien' books these days, so be warned: You won't find  bland characters and dull plot developments here. Instead, you'll find real  people, filled with love, rage, lust, anger, ambition, and all the other  emotions that color the human spectrum. I can't recommend the books highly  enough. Top notch adult fiction, not just the childish fantasy that  traditionally clogs up the genre.
0780620828|2.0|At first glance, this movie looks to be a special effects feast. In reality, that's all it is. Awesome effects, a good production design, excellent action sequnces and a humorous dialogue (Clown), are the only  things keeping this one from falling thanks to a story that is vague,  illogical and often makes no sense. Fans of the hit comic book will be  disappointed.
6303122647|5.0|What a great film for anyone to watch! The  playful cahracters of Halloweentown become immersed in the world of Christmas when their leader, Jack , becomes bored with Halloween. Unfortunately he kidnapps Santa Claus  and his plans go awry. The animation, plot, characters, and music are all  superb. I am 13 and have watched it 3 times. I'm going to watch it again!
B000007SIN|5.0|Hyperbole cannot do justice to this recording, but let's give it a shot: To me, this is the finest pop/rock effort ever -- by anyone. Apart from the technical sound quality, which is incredibly rich, Gaucho is a musical  masterpiece. The musicianship is sublime and emotional, the arrangements  awe-inspiring, and the melodies gorgeous. Donald Fagen's reedy vocals  somehow bring it all together.
6303187064|5.0|Alex Proyas does SUPERB job directing this very dark adventure film. This film NOT ONLY spawned a sequel BUT ALSO the hit TV series.  Brandon Lee (son of martial arts superstar and legend Bruce Lee), plays rock musician  &quot;ERIC DRAVEN&quot; who after a year of his death, rises from the grave  to extract revenge on the inner city hoodlums who murdered him and his  fiance.  It is A REAL SHAME that this film will ALWAYS be remembered NOT  for its story content and GREAT PLOT, but as the last film Brandon Lee made  in his very short life. Lee was ACCIDENTALLY shot to death during the  making of the film, when a mystery man exchanged the dummy rounds in a gun  with live ammunition.
B000002BE9|4.0|this album is a must to hear. i went through the whole album and thought that this is a really talented lady. she gives diffrent harmonies, diffrent vocals and diffrent moods not like any other. i can't wait for the next  one. FORGET- that you may disagree with her views and remember that she is  VERY talented.
B00000IOSU|5.0|The first Sarah cd I bought was Surfacing, which is also amazing. I wore that one out, and when her live album was released I was thrilled and immediately bought it. Sarah is a definite mood enhancer, and I listen to  her whenever I need a pick-me-up or even when I'm happy, Ice Cream or  Mystery will get me even more ecstatic. A blend of soulful numbers and  awesome rhythms (Possession, almost my favorite). It's not as  &quot;quiet&quot; as Surfacing (as live albums go), but includes more  upbeat versions of your favorite songs, some new pieces, and also those  little differences that make listening to the same songs even better. If  you are a Sarah fan, I suggest you buy this cd!
0553573403|5.0|Okay. First my review. Excellent book. I stayed up six hours at my sister's house and missed Thanksgiving dinner with the family just so I could see how it turned out. Great story. Great plot. Great characters.  Great writing. (Okay, a lot of characters are gits, and I get the feeling  that if every fantasy character had just a LITTLE more common sense,  stories might be a whole lot shorter. Example: Gandalf: Bilbo, will you  join me on my quest? Bilbo: No. THE END!)  On to my nasty comment: I'd like  to say SHAME on Amazon.Com for posting a review (the Kirkus review just  above all the reader reviews) which gives away not one, not two, but THREE  major spoilers. Anyone who reads that review will know from the very  beginning one of the mysteries which pushes forward the plot. It's like  reviewing the Murders at the Rue Morgue by lambasting Poe for having had  the monkey do it. Sure, it's a silly ending, but it's STILL THE DAMN  SURPRISE!  Anyway... good book. Buy it. Since my sister's place is in  Nowheresville, Iowa, I had to duck out of dinner early so I could drive  three hours to a 365-days-a-year store in Des Moines to buy the second in  the series. That says a lot.
6300216268|5.0|I recommend that everyone see this movie- it is hilarious and one of my favorites!
630562285X|1.0|I watched this film last night and was bored out of my mind. The plot was bland, and the actors were even worse. Catherine Zeta Jones, who is a stunning actress, has no acting ability whatsoever. She lacks any emotion  in the film, making her character stupid instead of sly. I would not  recommend this film.
6305508550|5.0|I made the mistake of renting this movie the first time around instead of just buying it.       If you work in an office &quot;cubicle&quot; environment, then this movie is for you.  I have probably seen the whole  movie through at least 6 times, and I STILL find little bits and pieces  that crack me up.        When your introduced to each of the characters,  you'll most likely be thinking &quot;Yeah, I know a person like that, maybe  not exactly, but close.&quot;  This movie is not for 10% of the  population...those who have no sense of humor.  The rest of us will enjoy  and enjoy and enjoy...
B00002Z88D|5.0|My first concern after sampling the &quot;realplayer&quot; snips was,, hay,, is this going to be a CD I will play again and again due to the classical music.  YEP!  It is highly addictive and rhythmic to keep coming  back for more and more.  This CD with the most popular songs is one of your  best investments in Metallica.  The songs blend just like a symphony would  with Hard Rock.  Remember Guns N Roses cool mesh in &quot;use your  illusions 1&amp;2?  This is all Classical background with Metallica Style  that is priceless.<br />Later
0446525537|5.0|Yes, I am a hopeless romantic, and yes, I take great comfort in believing in the power of true love in the world, so if this makes me a sap, then I'm proud of it!  I have now read all three of Mr. Sparks' books and have  enjoyed them immensely.  Will they be considered great literature?   Probably not.  But they are completely believable and engaging, and  appropriate for all readers.  They have a wonderful way of transporting you  right into the story.  You are hooked right from the get go.  Yes, they're  easy and quick to read, and somewhat predictable, but so what? I've found  great life lessons on billboards and posters and calendars so I've never  been prejudiced into feeling that only Shakespeare and Thoreau and Milton  provide great and worthy messages.  I know that many will dismiss Mr.  Sparks' books as fluff, but I think that any writing that moves so many  people in such a positive way is indeed &quot;great literature.&quot;  Buy  this book, and enjoy!  (And buy The Notebook and Message in a Bottle also  if you haven't read them yet! I also recommend Richard Paul Evans.)
0060977493|5.0|through a child's eyes. Yet all these small hints that are revealed throughout the whole book will be found out as you read. Roy is a wonderful writer as poetic as she brillant. Her clues are not only well hidden, but  significant. Her book brings about such important messages as race,  colonialism, identity, love, breaking boundaries and so many other ideas.  Read this book with an open mind. Read it again and you will get so much  more. Words that your eyes passed by before will have more certain meaning.   I suggest reading it with some sort of guide to help you out. You should  get as much as you can out of it.
0399232133|5.0|This book has so many reviews mine is not necessary; but I feel so strongly about this book I had to share.  I have two boys- 3yrs &amp; 1yr- They have actually read our book so much it fell apart.  I am purchasing  another copy.  They LOVE this book.  A great gift idea for baby showers--  how wonderful it is when your child curls up in your lap to have storytime.   This is a book they will get first everytime.  This book is amazing there  are few words and numerous things to discuss.  It is simply A MUST!
1891252089|5.0|As soon as I opened it I began using it... a very user friendly product and greeat teaching tool! This manual is excellent for practise. The photos are large enough to see as a guide while practising the Asanas and the  instructions are very clear, more ever there are options available for less  flexible or advanced yogis. I think this book really sets the standard for  future practise manuals.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Until Mellon Collie, this was the best cd ever.  It still gets plenty of time in my player.  Today is one of the greatest songs I have ever heard.  Soma wailes away, and Disarm has some cool Bell/Timpani stuff.  Uhmmm... I  can't BS anymore.  Buy this album!  Now!   You will not regret it.  This cd  has a solid sound from beginning to end.
B00001NFCY|5.0|human clay is one of the best albums out in 1999. fellowing up my own prison which is a a great album as well with another great album human clay,puts creed in the top.can't wait until 3rd album is released..this  album does not disapoint fans who like their first album!
B000000W6F|5.0|This cd is great, a perfect debut from the masters themselves.  Among my favorite tracks are I Am One, Snail and Rhinoceros.  The guitars are less pronounced than in Siamese Dream, but this cd can stand on its own easily.  &lt;3
0399143904|5.0|This book was amazing! The best I ever read!
B00000ICD9|5.0|the story is ok, chicks dig it, but if you appreciate computer art and special effects this is your movie. The artists went all out on this one, it mind boggling to think how they could have done what they did with this  movie.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is one of the tightest cds out right now.....especially from the west coast. Dre is one of the best producres in the rap game....and you can see it just from his work with emineim. The best cuts here are:  2,4,5,6,7,10,17,21,22 The song with mary J. is tight and was a good way to  close out the cd. It's like a story but it has a deep message and is the  deepest song on the album.<br />Fans and Non-fans should get this!...Tight!
B000031XCR|3.0|I personally don't really like soft music. I'm more into the pop/hip-hop kinda thing but I still bought this album because my mom and dad like Celine's music. I must say I was glad that they did have some of her  greatest hits in the album because I do happen to like R. Kelly's I'm Your  Angel. I was kinda surprised that I did like the songs, especially the one  by Max Martin so if you are a person that loves soft music, then go hit the  stores and buy this CD!
B00000K2SC|5.0|Is this the best movie ever? I think so. Before I saw this sci-fi action thiller I thought Star Wars was the best sci-fi movie but after I saw this movie Star Wars was blown away. The Matrix is more down to Earth than Star  Wars because it's set on Earth but in the future.Don't get me wrong Star  wars is still good.  This movie isn't for the little children out there  with all of its killings.So I would say its for the people who knows the  diffrence between what is fake and what is real. Hope you enjoy the movie.
0688170528|5.0|this is the best book i have ever read. I didn't put it down until the end.  Being 16 I related to the book very well. I still think about the characters and  all the what if's. I cried almost the whole way through. I  read it over and over and never get tired of it. you must read this book. I  recomend it to anyone.
1572523166|5.0|Bowie is superb as an alien, come to earth in search of water for his dying planet. Bowie is a natural as an actor, and as an alien. He makes me want to believe that he is not just a human like everyone else. I was  actually jealous of Candy Clark's character, didn't think she was good  enough for him...  and yes, it has a very depressing end.. I wanted him to  win in the end... one of the best flicks, and my favorite Bowie flick.  Labyrinth is the second best.. but everything Bowie touches is  excellent.<br />I highly recommend The Man Who Fell to Earth, to Sci-fi and  Bowie fans alike.
B0000031OW|5.0|Definitely one of the three or four best albums in the ECM catalog and one  of the great jazz records ever.  It's very OUT playing, but it always  swings home, and how many avant-garde units could come up with something as  fragile and lovely as the title track?  A great jazz tribute to freedom and  the imagination.
B00000ILBK|1.0|I wish that you could give no stars. This movie is exactly what is wrong with Star Trek.  No plot, just an excuse for location shooting.  No character buildup, you are expected to believe that picard would just leave  Starfleet without a fight.  He takes everything at Adm. Dougherty's word.   Maybe he should check it out with hq?  No, being to bootlicker that picard  is, he just takes authority's word on it.  Kirk would have had the guts to  find out on his own.  Now that the bald frenchman's fans are mad, Stewart's  performance seems like he's sleepwalking through it.  Like it's giving him  a check, but little else.  Maybe it's time to retire the TNG crew, unless  paramount can do better than this dreck.  Where's the Final Frontier when  you need it?  Unimspired script, lackluster performances, stupid excuses to  make fun of characters, I think frakes (riker)does not like Micheal Dorn  (Worf).
B000026156|5.0|Definitely one of the three or four best albums in the ECM catalog and one of the great jazz records ever.  It's very OUT playing, but it always  swings home, and how many avant-garde units could come up with something as  fragile and lovely as the title track?  A great jazz tribute to freedom and  the imagination.
B000001F3C|4.0|U2 formally and officially went for something a bit different with the War album.  Although many will claim that their pervasive social commentary and political showboating didn't begin until War, this isn't true.  It was just  much more subtle in the October and Boy albums.  However, in the process of  becoming a little more obvious with their motives, U2 also developed a  refined songwriting method to stay true to those very motives.  Despite the  power politic ballads of &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, &quot;Red  Light&quot;, &quot;Seconds&quot; and &quot;The Refugee&quot;, War also  features U2 roots at their best.  The driving beats of &quot;New Year's  Day&quot; and &quot;Two Hearts Beat As One&quot; give away the band's  endless energy and incredible range.  Lastly, there's the heart-grabbing  angst in &quot;Like A Song&quot; and &quot;Drowning Man&quot;, undoubedtly  two glimmers of Bono's later enhanced glory.  Start to finish, this album  is one of a kind, despite it's similarity to its two predecessors.  This is  one of the albums any semi-serious U2 fan should boast of having.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie was amazing!   From the story to the special effects.  The part I like best about the DVD of the Matrix, is that you can watch your favorite fighting scenes.  The story was well thought through.  The stunts  were absolutely amazing.
B00000K3UU|4.0|Adam Sandler was hillarious in the waterboy, and did a great job in movies such as Billy Madison, Happy Gilmore and other movies. In all of those movies he is usually playing an imature or slightly retarted charector,  wich by the is very funny, but in this movie he plays a father and adds a  completley new twist to the phrase &quot;an adam sandler movie&quot; much  his others this is a very good
6304143184|5.0|this movie ranks up there with the star wars saga as one of the best films of all time.this was one of the 1st films i ever saw in a theater and that was in 1982.i can recall asking my mom when i was little why e.t. isn't on  video and nobody seemed to know.it finally got released for the 1st time in  1988 and i got it! e.t. is a classic film for young and old.the ending  still brings me to tears! so to all the people saying that this film is  bad/horrible well i disagree with you totally! steven speilberg has creatd  a masterpiece with e.t. and i'm waiting and hoping that he releases it on  dvd sometime soon! a classic film that everyone should see!
B000002AVF|5.0|after reading some of the reviews, again i feel so sad and puzzled at the same time, why bother to buy Mariah's album if u think she is trash!  infact u shouldn't even bother to review!  <br />well Daydream album is not  really her best album, i personally prefer the Butterfly album instead, the  first time i actually listen to this, i was a tad disappointed, i don't  really like Fantasy, but it sort of like grow on me...Always Be My Baby is  very catchy, One Sweet Day is so sweeeeeettt and touching, Open Arms is a  definite classic, since its a remake, When I Saw You is very corny, but a  very very nice track not to be missed, Looking In, is also a very personal  song to her, besides 'Outside' track 12 in the Butterfly album.. Forever, a  very 80s sound-a- like sound that brings back the nostalgia feeling, same  kindda feel that I Still Believe brings to you, and finally Long Ago, a  definite cool track with a sequeal (The Roof, track 4 in the Butterfly  album), though it may seems that most of Mariah's song r kindda like  recycled, but most of them r really very nice tracks!  other good  recomendations r Melt Away and I Am Free<br />well u can never be labelled as  the queen of pop era for nothing!  she is a living example...
B00002Z88D|4.0|Very enjoyable for Metallica fans, but it's not breaking any boundries.  The only reason I bought it is because tickets for the concert at Madison Square Garden were sold out when I tried to buy them ten minutes after they  went on sale, but alas... Anyway, this functions as a Greatest Hits CD as  well as a novelty, but there is something I have to recommend.   Apocalyptica Plays Metallica by Four Cellos is a very innovative way of  listening to Metallica, and it's very underrated.  Pick it up instead.
B00002Z88D|5.0|More than likely if you're here,  you've heard something off of this album already.  Metallica with a symphony is such an incredible sound.  There are no empty gaps in any song.  What makes Metallica one of the best bands of  all time is that they're not afraid to try something like this.  All those  other metal bands out there have too much foolish pride to even consider  leaving the rut that they're stuck in.  Definitely buy this album for a  most unique experience.
B0000048CP|5.0|This is the album that probably represents all of the imagery that exists in Bathory albums.  The satanic, warlike, as well as the Viking themes.  The midsection speed songs are probably not needed, but the other songs are  brilliant metal songs.  Great songs include &quot;Odens ride over  Nordland&quot;, &quot;A fine day to die&quot;, &quot;the golden walls of  heaven&quot;, &quot;dies irae&quot;, and &quot;Blood fire death&quot;.
0553573403|5.0|This is perhaps the read I've enjoyed most of all. Mr. Martin's work is great, his prose, impeccable. The characters are superbly drawn. Nearly all the characters in this genre are framed in a bipolar axis: they are either  good or evil... Mr. Martin has created the contrary effect, his characters  are human, they are people that fight for their interests in the way they  consider &quot;right&quot;, they are plagued with contradictions, doubts  and fears. I dont know about you, but I am tired and fed up with characters  that represent only virtues and vices. The effect created by this superb,  complex, intelligent and ellegant characterisation is an effect of  astounding reality... after you turn off the lights and close your eyes for  sleep, you can nearly expect Ned Stark, Jon Snow, Daenerys, Tyrion  Lannister, Robert Baraetheron to wake you up in the morrow.<br />The plot,  despite beign similar to any other one in the genre, has the background of  the ancient feud between the Yorks and Lancasters, making the novel, if  possible, even more captivating and realistic.<br />The day to day in the  novel, the banalities and trivialities of every small detail, insignificant  as they may seem; are punctuated and highlited by the rough vocabulary  used. And I say the rough vocabulary used by the characters (not by the  author that writes in a clear, direct, stylised, impecable and rich prose)  for they are so HUMAN that they react as we might, regardless whether we  are educated or not.<br />This book is a definite must in any personal  collection, and its sequel aswell. Mr. Martin, thank you very much for this  two wonderful pieces of work, and we most fervently wish that the 3rd book  will be, if not better, as enjoyable as the previous two.
B000002JOH|1.0|After buying Vulgar Display Of Power a couple of months ago I was shocked and annoyed buy what I heard. I can't believe all the hype Pantera has. Being a HUUUGE Metallica fan, a few of my friends at school recommended  Pantera to me. I heard of them tonsa times before. Of course, the whole  school hated Metallica and loved Pantera. Finally I bought Pantera's Vulger  Display Of Power thinking it'd be a sure shot. The only sure thing about it  is that it sucked. Phil Anselmo's annoying voice of screams, grunts, and  curses ruin the whole album. Being an aspiring guitarist, I am offended by  Dimebag's lack of talent and creativity. All his riffs sound like ripoffs  of other metal bands. And the drumming is just terrible! Vinnie Paul must  be the worst drummer around. Rex probably plays the worst basslines I've  heard. Pantera has sooo much hype and popularity, but no talant at all.  There are hundreds of better metal bands out there.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Carlos Sanatana wisely fuses American rock n Roll with his hispanic heritage.  The tunes are a mixture of rock, contempoary jazz, latin american, rythum &amp; blues, and fusion (rock/jazz together).  A splendid  mix of lead singers singing tunes that only seem they can sing the best.   This CD is a milestone!  The mixture of hispanic lyrics with english lyrics  is nicely done.  The tunes are awesome.  Carlos should be proud of this CD  because this may be his best work yet!
B000007MVZ|5.0|If you like hard-rock and at the same time enjoy irish folk-music, you should turn to The Waterboys. This CD is magnificent. Especially Red Army Blues, and Church Not Made With Hands.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I would consider myself a true fan of Filter.  I grew up in Cleveland, where lead singer/sometime guitarist Richard Patrick is from.  I first heard &quot;Hey Man, Nice Shot&quot; on 107.9 The End, which was  Cleveland's modern rock station.  They played it on a Sunday night show  devoted strictly to local acts, and I knew at that moment that Filter would  be one of my favorite bands.  There have been many comparisons to NIN made,  but you must understand, Richard left NIN to create his own band.  He's not  copying NIN in any way, he is simply playing the kind of music he likes and  knows.  He wouldn't have been in NIN if he didn't enjoy that form of music.   Anyway, after &quot;Short Bus&quot;, I eagerly awaited a new album's  release.  The years went by, Brian left the band, and all I got were a few  soundtrack songs.  Then, I heard about a new release, and I was shocked.  I  had all but given up.  As soon as I heard &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; I  knew Richard was back.  This album is amazing.  It is not as rough as the  first one was, which was one of the things that made us true fans love it,  but it is certainly Filter.   Every song makes you think, and they all have  a way of mesmerizing you so that you don't realize how long the CD really  is.  As soon as it's done you want to play it again.  I just have to say  congrats, Richard, you have done it again.  By the way, anybody who wants  to catch an amazing, energy-filled show, check out Filter live if you can.   Maybe he will still have on the Indians hat that he had when I saw them in  Cincy.
B000003BF1|5.0|I have allmost all of the stones albums. and this one is one of the greatest. classic stones.the epitomy of country/rock I grew up listening to this album and Exile on Main street. I will never forget it, I know the  words by heart.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Simply put.....this album is amazing. Metallica is at their prime, and the new songs, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and &quot;-Human&quot; are the best they have done since the Black album. Even if you were dissappointed by  Load, you have to admit they are better than ever now.....<br />Long LIVE  METAL!
B00000JCOV|1.0|I wouldn't recommend this CD to anyone except someone with the intelligence of Big Bird. Slipknot make a lot of noise. The guitarists have replaced Dimebag Darrel's(Pantera) place as being the worst guitarist in  the metal industry. 7 &amp; 4 seriously have no guitar skills. The  keyboardist plays no good key-riffs. The bass sounds dry, and the voacls  &amp; lyrics are just horrible! Filled with a cussword every other word.  Unitelligeble lyrics like: &quot;I'm gonna f------ kill you!&quot;. Only  the three drummers have skill. But the rest just reek! Almost as immature  as Pantera. Don't this Cd. Go listen to something else.
B000020617|4.0|I am a huge Foo fan.Upon first listen to this album,i wasn't pleased.I gave it a few more spins and realized i liked it alot more,its just one of those albums you've gotta listen to a few times.Definetely a change,yet  very good
B000002HMH|5.0|Call it selling-out, call it growth, call it whatever you want; It's change, and dispite what the &quot;die-hard fans&quot; might think, change is necessary. This album was released nearly fifteen years after Kill 'Em  All, and over that length of time change does tend to take place. You can't  go to listen to this album expecting to hear Lightning or Puppets, the  Metallica catalogue isn't one giant 7-cd album written at the same time.  Hell, if they hadn't changed at all those same fans would be complaining  about how every song was starting to soung the same. Listen to it as music,  period (well, mabye not period, I mean, don't expect pop or hip-hop - and  if you would include these in my statement, why exactly are you here?), and  if you do you will enjoy. The songs are good lyrically, vocally Hetfield is  much better than he was on the earlier albums, and instrumentally there is  some great work: solos, layering, etc. And for the fans, this still has a  certian sound to it that is instantly recognizable as Metallica. Mabye it  isn't the old Metallica, but it's still Metallica, and it's still amazing.
B000002H2Z|4.0|I actually agree with both the reviewer from Malaysia and the Amazon reviewer.  With this album, the Cure put out their most accessible (some would even say penetrable) material up to that point.  I suppose that this makes the album unrepresentative of the band's &quot;true&quot;  personality, which is supposed to be basically &quot;doom and gloom  rock.&quot;  But on the other hand, that description pigeonholes them too  much for my taste.  Sure, a lot of Robert Smith's lyrics were downers, but  trying to classify this as the Cure's *only* identity unfairly rejects a  good chunk of their other works.<br />Like the Amazon reviewer mentions, I am  one fan that doesn't subscribe to the downer ethos, and therefore prefer  the Cure's more upbeat numbers.  (Actually, a lot of Head On the Door *has*  a depressed mood -- it just *sounds* more upbeat.)  And who can resist the  sound of hits like &quot;In Between Days&quot; anyway?  Or the later,  joyous &quot;Mint Car,&quot; for that matter?  Pure pop genius.<br />This is  good stuff, and I'm glad the Cure didn't feel it had to stick with dark,  slowly brooding numbers and made this album.
B00000AFFI|5.0|I first borrowed this from a friend and I must say that songs like The Garden, The Wind, Catherine, Joy, Electric Light, Angelene, My Beautiful Leah make this record a must have.  Catherine is one of the most touching,  brilliant tracks of all time.  It &quot;tears my heart out, every  time&quot;. Another magical moment is when that haunting organ cuts in on  The Garden.  This CD is a must have!
B00002Z88D|1.0|hi my name is sung pyo.lee  i'm living in seoul korea. i love rock'n roll music N' collecting the CD record. please send the rock information.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Politics of Rage aside, this CD really rocks. It is a return to their first album in a lot of ways. Its just great high energy rock--I don't like most of that stuff---other favorite groups of mine are Nil Lara, u2,  Radiohead, Crystal Method, Lauryn Hill, Pink Floyd---but for the high  energy you can't beat this. My suggestion: buy this and mix it with their  first album and you will have the dopest workout tape ever. Or you can use  it to thrash around, whatever. But no mistake, if you like this type of  music at all, you'll really like this album.
6305327041|5.0|Beautifully written and directed.  Thought provoking and boistrous.  Cunning and to-the-point.  Lili Taylor's best preformance yet.
6305372411|5.0|This series was great! I especially liked the portrayals of Wally Schirra, Niel Armstrong, Alan Shepard and Buzz Aldrin. The special effects were seamless, and the score couldn't be better. I thought the Apollo 13 segment  was the low point in the series, and the maudlin Apollo 15 episode was a  bit much. Other than that, bravo Mr. Hanks. He keeps reinforcing that  'national treasure&quot; title he's benn given.
0060987464|5.0|I love this book.  I have a copy in my room, in my desk at school, and sometimes, late at night, I kiss the cover and dream of dead trees.  Thanks for a great book.
6303402348|5.0|From the naive childhood to the hippie years following the Vietnam war, Forrest Gump displays life from the late 40`s to the early 80`s,from Elvis to Nixon passing by John Lennon and JFK.One of the weird points is that his  mother runs a B&amp;B, and Elvis sleeps there, and Forrest  teaches him to  dance.In the Vietnam War, he saves all his friends.His friend told him that  after the war, he would go in the shrimping business, but he dies in the  war, so Forrest goes into it himself.I`d write more, but I won`t give all  the story.Great movie!
B00000K3UR|5.0|Big Dady is a grea movie with all kinds of laughing lines to it! I have seen this movie three times and my judgement is woth it. This is the best Adam Sandler movie yet, next in line is Happy Gillmore. I chose this one  because it has an excellent squence events that flow from beging to end.  The plot is a little weak,but that's the only - I give this movie. Other  then That, I think this movie will mke you laugh and cry from begining to  end!
B000031XCR|5.0|This was an awesome album and I listen to it 24/7. The album has all of her best songs plus more.  The choice of songs was good and it would have been better if it had more songs or even was a double cd set. The first  single released, &quot;That's the Way It Is&quot;, is an excellent song  with a catchy tune that sticks with you.
B000005J08|5.0|Like the photo on the cover, the music on this album is brutal and beautiful. The songs are amazing, ranging from 30-second blasts of hardcore to complex jazz numbers. (&quot;Saigon Pickup&quot; and &quot;Batman&quot;  are the best.) Zorn's compositions are creative, but most of the credit has  to go to the band members. There are very few musicians who could pull this  off.<br /><br />If you want to get into Naked City, this is the best place to  start.
B0000033OZ|5.0|The debut release from this extraordinary trio is a virtual music appreciation course presented on one disc.  This album is capable of giving the listener a respect not only for classical music, but also for the jazz  and rock influences contained within.  The music was recorded nearly 30  years ago, yet shows no sign of age, standing up incredibly well in this  new millenium.  Each member of the trio gets ample opportunity to show off  his talents.  Keith Emerson's keyboard playing is simply breathtaking on  &quot;Take A Pebble&quot; and &quot;The Three Fates.&quot;  Carl Palmer's  percussion solo on &quot;Tank&quot; is simply amazing.  And Greg Lake's  haunting ballad &quot;Lucky Man&quot; showcases his angelic tenor at its  best.  ELP's debut album pushed the boundaries of popular music upon its  release in 1970.  It continues to stand as a monumental musical achievement  in the history of rock music.
0767836286|1.0|I am sure the MTV director of this movie is happy with his &quot;bad guys can win&quot; message at the end, but I agree with a reviewer who said the bad guys would have to have ESP. It's that simple. Die Hard had more  realism than this flick. Another great example of a movie written backwards  so they could reach the ending they (the writers) desired.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is definitely one of her best.  Celine has put together a great collection of her older songs and her new songs are fabulous.  I have every album she has come out with so far, but this one ranks top.
B0000057C5|5.0|Got this cd from a friend and was displeased until I blew my system. Usually,I do not listen to this type of music, but this is an exception. It certainly feels apocalyptic yet beautiful even if you do not know German.  (Mine is a bit fuzzy, the lyrics appear somewhat trivial.) If you feel  getting the total package, check out David Linch's &quot;Lost  Highway&quot;, there is a cool scene accompanied by Rammstein. To summ in a  sentence, when armageddon comes, this is what we will be stormtrooping to.
B000002MY3|1.0|When i ordered this cd i was thrilled, when it came, i was depressed, this was one of the worst cd's i've ever wasted money on. two thumbs down!  I thought, the songs were very bad, and i really hated her voice. I always  wonder why i wasted the money on that cd.
6305127689|5.0|First of all, I am only 15 years of age, and when I saw this movie shown on television, I swear I sat there the entire time it aired and did not get up once; right from the start, the music kept me and the dog fight  sequences were so thrilling and daring....I was just hypnotized! Tom Cruise  just looks so cool in that F-14! The supporting cast provided comic relief,  and the action was such a delight that sometimes I'd forget what the entire  plot was about. Omigosh! I'd have to tell you that during all the dog  fighting sequences, I was so into the movie that whenever the jet would  make a tight turn, I would just throw my body into that position also! Tom  Cruise...whoah! He wasn't just ONLY a pretty face, he had that sense of  arrogance in him that made him play the role of 'maverick' well. I loved  everything about this movie, from the perfect music weaved into it, to the  'macho' kind of thing, puppy romance, and probably the most touching thing  was towards &quot;Goose's&quot; death. It tought us that life is quite  short, hang on to it, but in the end, you'd have to let go at one point or  another. This is one of those movies you really enjoy, but don't find often  because of it's fast paced action and speed. It's also MY love for speed  and excitment that makes me enjoy this movie so much. With Cruise in it,  gosh! He's the best!
B000001IPL|5.0|This was the first punk CD I bought and whoa! It totally blew me away (I have to say, I usually listen to Pop and Rock). After listening to if for over 3 years already, I still love it everytime. It really gets the beat  going and moshing to the songs is really a rush. I didn't like the 1st or  previous Offspring CD as much though. I'll never get tired of this CD, and  you won't, too.
B0000057C5|5.0|Got this cd from a friend and was displeased until I blew my system. Usually,I do not listen to this type of music, but this is an exception. It certainly feels apocalyptic yet beautiful even if you do not know German.  (Mine is a bit fuzzy, the lyrics appear somewhat trivial.) If you feel  getting the total package, check out David Linch's &quot;Lost  Highway&quot;, there is a cool scene accompanied by Rammstein. To summ in a  sentence, when armageddon comes, this is what we will be stormtrooping to.
B00002Z88D|5.0|If you are remotely familiar with the songs on this cd, in their original form, listening to these new versions will literally blow you away.  The symphonic arrangements that jump in and boost the overall sound at just the  right times, are masterfully done.  To hear a pure metal song like Master  of Puppets with screaming violins in the background makes me wonder how I'm  gonna listen to their old cds without the symphony and enjoy them.  Bottom  Line is: the only band better than Metallica is Metallica with a Symphony.
0380977281|5.0|I picked this book up and read it in one sitting, it is a wonderful book, and really really helped me to further appreciate Gaiman, though I was already a fan.  Stardust isn't really a run of the mill fairytale, it's  fun and exciting, it's no epic, but if it were, it would be ruined.  It's a  fun read that manages to have a complex dilemma.  Good all around, though  very different from Neil's darker works, which is still okay.  Excellent  excellent book.
076783819X|1.0|This movie was horrendous. What a terrible ending. If I had seen this movie in the theater I would have walked out MAD!
B00002Z88D|5.0|WOW!  This cd is so great!  It just reminds me of how awesome metallica is everytime i hear it!  If you didn't know, these cd's are a taped live concert, and you don't hear one mess up the whole time!  It's amazing!  And the way the symphony adds to the songs is so cool!  It turns great songs  into fantastic songs!  I have been waiting for these cd's to come out for a  long long time, and it was definately worth the wait.  It was money very well  spent.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The first reason any Metallica fan should have this is because it is a live recording. In concert, Metallica is unbeatable. The band connects with the audience and makes them part of the show. Also, I have never seen a  band that is both tight and loose as Metallica is; one moment they are  grinding you down, and the next they are blowing you out the door! The next  reason to get this disk is the song selection: a satisfying mix of old and  new, hits and favorites. Then, add on the excellent new tunes &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; (&quot;Then it comes to be that the soothing light at the end  of the tunnel is just a freight train coming your way!&quot;) and &quot;-  Human,&quot; and you have a sweet track lineup! Finally, the interplay  between Metallica and the orchestra make this a true sensory overload! The  orchestra does not sweeten or lighten the heavy Metallica sound; it adds to  it. The orchestra fills in extra frequencies, adds weight to some of the  chords, and extra melodies and tones to make listening to even the older  songs a brand new experience. Metallica had guts to do this, and if most  other metal bands would have attempted this, they would have failed  miserably. It is the combination of Metallica's great material, and good  utilization of the symphony by Michael Kamen, who understands well the  workings of both heavy metal and classical music, that makes this  experiment so successful.
B00000IQUT|1.0|Extremely violent horror/thriller about pretty young woman travelling to an island only to be beaten and raped by a gang of young holigans. Terrible film is banned in most countries and is an absolute abomination. Don't  waste your time or money.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This overly exerted twenty something year old has captivated us with the biggest selling debut albumn in history, &quot;Jagged Little Pill,&quot; selling over 16 million copies just in America and 30 million copies  internationaly, then she comes out with &quot;Suposed Former Infatuation  Junkie&quot; which was a deep chasm into this mastermind's heart which sold  over 2.2 million copies in its first week of release internationally, now  this Michaelangelo of music has taken the liberty of putting the best of  both etheral albums of brillance into an &quot;Unplugged,&quot; LIVE!   album. This is a must have for any Alanis Fan's collection or for newbies  to Alanis's music.
B000002J1H|5.0|One of the best classic Yes albums, if not the best.A vibrant and captivating sound, skillfully made and beautifully vocally arranged. The church organ of St Martin in Vevey is played as Bach himself would love it.  Parallels and especially Awaken are my favourite tracks and those really  give me goose bumps. I whitnessed the Going for the One Tour 22 years ago  now and it was then that i got convinced that Going for the One is a top  prestation of a top band. This album should not be absent in a collection  of best Progressive albums ever...
B00001U0GQ|3.0|Waited in great anticipation for the DVD release of this one.  The Last of the Mohicans is a great movie enhanced with terrific music.  The VHS widescreen version in THX is a wonderful piece of entertainment.  Unfortunately, this Director's Expanded Edition has destroyed the flow and  continuity of the original.  In Director Michael Mann's attempt to supply  us with his &quot;definitive vision of the film&quot; via his own editing,  he has ignored the professional editors and provided us with a substandard  version of what was a fine film.  Several of the added clips have no  musical sound track at all and come across as painfully awkward - making  the viewer fully aware he/she is watching actors in front of a camera  rather than  immersing us in the action.  There is even a series of scenes  in the original (and VHS) that has a vocal music piece overlaid that has  been completely omitted from the DVD.  All in all, I was very disappointed  in the DVD after having distinctive and memorable images etched in my mind  from the original theater and VHS releases.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is without a doubt the greatest movie I have ever seen.  It has an engrossing plot and gets better everytime I watch it.  Everytime i see this movie I learn new things about the plot.  And if either Andy or Larry read  this, I'm really looking foward to the sequel.
0788815490|5.0|In 'The Wings of the Dove', as in 'The Portrait of a Lady', Henry James offers us his popular theme of class-conscious, fortune-hunting Brits exploiting the innocent wealthy American girl.  Only this time the action  is viewed from the perspective of the victimizer who becomes her own  victim.<br />Helena Bonham Carter as Kate Croy the English adventuress,  Linus Roache as Merton Densher her impecunious journalist lover, and  Allison Elliot as Millie Theale their intended victim, are the principal  actors in this drama of psychological twists and turns.<br />In the opening  scene Carter, swathed from head to foot in Victorian attire, exudes an aura  of compelling eroticism as she trysts with her lover, Merton, in a crowded  tram-car.  In the film's closing scene, in bed with him stark naked her  whole body reflects the despair of her plots gone wrong.  In between this  sensual opening and this depressing conclusion her gorgeous face is a  telling kaleidoscope of emotions.  Carter can register more with her eyes  than most actors can with a whole script, and the camera under Ian  Softley's direction lingers upon her face as Carter's convincing  expressions underscore the nuances of the action.<br />As Kate's plot  congeals and unravels with her own conflicting emotions Carter projects a  welter of pragmatic and sympathetic motives.  Trapped by her love for  middleclass Merton, her devotion to her penniless father, and her ambition  for wealth and position, Kate inveigles herself into a close relationship  with Millie, the wealthy winsome American girl making her Grand Tour even  as she is dying of cancer.  Millie, warm-hearted and brave, falls in love  with Merton at first sight without knowing that he is Kate's lover.  Reluctantly, Merton allows himself to be used to satisfy the girl's need  for love.  In an utterly moving scene at the climax of the film, Millie  reveals the depths of her own character when the realization of how she has  been duped is forced upon her.<br />Millie dies and Merton is devastated by  his own treachery.  &quot;If I had wings like a dove I would fly away and  be at rest,&quot; are the words that fill him at her funeral.  Director  Softley touches deftly upon this moving scene and moves into the  denouement. Now Kate has what she wanted, Merton and the fortune, which  Millie has left to her.  But Millie has left something else as well...the  enfolding wings of the dove.<br />In Carter's hands Kate is never a really  unsympathetic character, and in the end she is a truly tragic one.upon her.<br />Millie dies and Merton is devastated by  his own treachery.  &quot;If I had wings like a dove I would fly away and  be at rest,&quot; are the words that fill him at her funeral.  Director  Softley touches deftly upon this moving scene and moves into the  denouement. Now Kate has what she wanted, Merton and the fortune, which  Millie has left to her.  But Millie has left something else as well...the  enfolding wings of the dove.  <br />In Carter's hands Kate is never a really  unsympathetic character, and in the end she is a truly tragic one.
6301404440|4.0|AS SOON AS YOU LET ME VIEW IT I'LL LET YA KNO
B000000H6D|5.0|This is the recording that got me into Type-O full swing. It is one of my ultimate favorite albums. I have always been attacted to groups with unique styles all their own and these guys have it. Thanks!
0800187814|4.0|Larry flint should never be recognized as a hero. It is apparent that his motivation was his fist love, money. His lavish lifestyle was what he was protecting not the first amendment. The true statement in this movie is  what a man will do to survive.  Although the first amendmant was clearly  defined and tested by his lawyer and his statements.  We must truly  recognize that this magazine and what it stands for is not what the first  amendment was intended for. His racist remarks an his humiliation of women  does not make him a hero. I would be the first to argue for his right to  say what he says but I do not agree with what he says.  The movie deserves  all the credit it gets for the portrayal of each character and the actors  performed brilliantly.
B000002U6E|5.0|I love this CD. The reason why I bought it in the first place, was for Return to Innocence. This was the song that started my interest in Native American music. And I found I also love Dream of the Dolphin. My 1 year old  daughter loves that song too. I included it on a tape of lullabies I made  for her and she goes right to sleep
B00000JWVO|1.0|As an avid fan of the musical CATS, I eagerly awaited the release of this video.  However, I'm glad I rented this piece before I bought it.  Renting it made me decide NOT to buy this gut-wrenching adaptation of Webber's  spectacular musical.  Why do I so dislike the video?  Well, mainly because  the main characters--i.e., Grizabella, Rum Tum Tugger, Old Deuteronomy--are  portrayed by actors which are either not the part or whose days of  passionate singing are over.  Elaine Paige, for example, sounded a hundred  times better on the Original London Cast of CATS than she did on the video.   And so did Ken Page as Old Deuteronomy (he was on the Original Broadway  Cast).  And John Partridge . . . not the part!  Every Rum Tum Tugger I've  seen on stage was much better than Partridge.  But I think the worst crime  this video commits is to exclude &quot;Growltiger's Last Stand.&quot;  They  couldn't do this scene because it would have been too much a physical  strain on the elderly Sir John Mills--the man cast to play Asparagus.  The  production team of the CATS video was obviously more concerned with a big  name cast than with a QAULITY cast.  And the consequence was a second-hand  adaptation of a first-rate stage musical. This video is indeed deja vu of A  CHORUS LINE.  If only I could rate this video with -5 stars . . .
6305627401|5.0|I really think I should watch this movie again! I was laughing so loud all through the movie that I couldn't hear quite a lot of the stuff they said.<br />There were so much satires in the movie that even the  always-crashing Win98 was featured.<br />I don't have more to say about this  movie. It is just the best South Park episode I have seen. If you like  South Park, this is definitely the MUST SEE. Oh ya, the musics and songs in  this movie also make this movie worth watching numerous times!
B00002MZ12|5.0|The thing about live or unplugged CD's is that you either appreciate the nakedness and pureness of them or you keep wondering when the beat machine is going to kick in. Alanis has a beautiful, unique voice. Far from  &quot;shrill and thin&quot; this CD exposes the raw beauty of her voice.  Some fans of &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; may not appreciate the calmer  versions of the tracks from that album but they certainly have a uniques  sound and are no less meaningful. The cover of Sting's &quot;King of  Pain&quot; is quite beautiful. As for the new tracks, most are largely  forgettable, though not awful. The exception is &quot;Princes  Familiar.&quot; It has a really nice lyrical quality to it. This CD is  definitely worth buying, the only real dissapointment is &quot;Joining  You.&quot; While it is prettily done, it lacks the force and power of the  version from &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; Buy it. You'll  like it.
0140386335|4.0|When I first read this book, I was surprised that it was not like the movie. I have seen the movie many times, I almost know it by heart, and when I read the book, I liked it a little better than the movie.Some parts of the book were confusing, but when I firgured them out, they were not  that confusing anymore. When I finished the book, I began to read other  fasinating books like Animal Farm, Peter Pan, and I am right now reading  The Princess and the Goblin. I hope that one day, you will read these books  too.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|the masters of political rock are at it again. therebest no, justnew, rage rocks on every tune. rock/rap /truth!  love it.!
B000002JS6|5.0|I borrowed this cd from my friend and it blew me away how cool it was, and I just had to have it! Every AC/DC collection should start right here, because it is amazing. This was Brian Johnson's first album with the band  and I have to tell you, his vocals seem eerily similar to those of Bon  Scott - in a word &quot;raspy&quot;. Very cool, you won't be disappointed.
6305513406|5.0|Where no man has gone before is one of my favorite trek episodes one of the closest to pure sci-fi of all the trek stories.This dvd is great I have the laser disc yet as soon as I saw the dvd I could see a difference ,the  dvd video is obviously superiore,what a difference! And they re-did the  audio into some kind of stereo or surround (thank you)! This should be the  standard by wich all old transfers of television shows are done!
B000001EC1|5.0|First off, I would like to say that this CD is really good. Jon Bon Jovi's vocals are amazing and that is really what carries the whole band. Listen to some samples of the band's songs from their first all the way up their  newest and you will notice that their sound has not changed hardly at all.  How many other bands can you say that about from the 80's? Buy this one,  its good.
B000002ADT|5.0|Well, this is It. One of jazz's greatest. It's interesting though, this is the only album that is consistently in Amazon's top 100 chart that has been released more than a year ago. Not Darkside of the Moon or any of those other corny albums is there. Kind Of Blue is kind of humble but it  has that staying power. There isn't much I can say about KOB though, read  the other 120 reviews before me! <br />This was a lot of people's first intro  to jazz. I'd say that if Kind of Blue is your first intro and you're  looking for something else, well there are some classics to check on that  don't get the press that this one does. <br />Idle Moments by Grant Green is a  great starting point. Very mellow, dreamy but hard hitting jazz. Oliver  Nelson's The Blues and the Abstract Truth is a classic. An unknown great is  Roy Haynes's Out of a Friday Afternoon which contains all the sound and the  fury from drummer Haynes, and multireed legand, Rashaan Roland Kirk. Get  that one! Herbie Hancock's Takin' Off is a funky fun one. John Coltrane's  My Favorite Things is steamy and smooth and intense, while A Love Supreme  is his relentless search for spirituality. <br />You might want to check out  Bill Evans's Sunday at the Village Vanguard or Waltz for Debby for some  beautiul, live, almost telapathic interplay between piano-bass-drums. Grant  Green's guitar-organ-drums trio, Talkin' About cooks, while Larry Young's  Unity kicks with some fine organ work! Eric Dolphy's Out To Lunch is a  shimmering, quirky, and uncontrollably beautiful avante-garde masterpiece.  Bobby Hutcherson's vibes shine bright on his tooth grinnin', hard hittin'  album, Stick Up! And Wayne Shorter roars on a handful of originals on Juju.  <br />There's just so much to look at. If you want more Miles, check out his  album In A Silent Way. Much different in sound than Kind of Blue, but that  melancholy, introspective spirit is there. So, if Kind of Blue is your  first and you want to look at some more, check some of these things out.  And don't you ever forget about Charlie Parker! Yardbird Suite is a great  place to start.
B000002UWL|4.0|Don't get me wrong: this album is fine. still, something was missing.  I prefer  their more upbeat sound of  Very, Bilingual, and Nightlife.   anyway, everything that the Boys released in the 90s is awesome (except  that stupid remix album Disco 2).
B000005H3A|5.0|Now this is a debut. What was Herbie? 23 when this was recorded. It's just a fine album. And Dexter, Herbie and Billy Higgins are already previewing what they'd do together in 'Round Midnight, some 20+ years later. <br />Takin'  off is great. They're all just so good. Forget about for a second  Watermelon Man. You all know that's a classic. Classic Funk. And it's got  an alternate take here. Three Bags Full and Empty Pockets have all that  funk that that the former's got. You'll love em. Alone and I, the last song  is just so pretty. Dexter just sounds so mellow, so calm and easy on this  track. <br />Everything here is good. Everyone is good. Freddie Hubbard is so  bright, you can see his trumpet shine everytime you hear this cd. The sound  is great (no remastering!), Butch Warren's bass walks with a full, rich  step. And Herbie funks it up all the way through, with Dexter Gordon and  Billy Higgins giving their great support and esp like levels of  communication. <br />Tis a great album here. Run out and get it. The first and  the sixth track don't dissappoint as much as the whole album doesn't. Top  notch.
B000002HMH|1.0|METALLICRAP. It's time to admit it folks.  What was once the mightiest band in the world now unquestionably sucks and worst of all they can't even see it. They can say anything they want about changing with the times and  not wanting to produce the same album over and over again.   The fact is  that they were in a perfect position  to be LEADING the trends but instead  they chose to be followers.  That is unforgivable.
6303534422|5.0|I think &quot;A Goofy Movie&quot; is a great movie. It is one of my favorites, because Goofy is my favorite cartoon figure. I would recomend this movie to little kids and older kids. It is a great pre-teen movie.
B00002Z88D|5.0|There is something attempted (and successfully captured in my belief) on this CD that is both freaky and compelling at the same time.<br />Metallica are the exclamation point at the end of the the phrase 'Heavy Metal!'. They  are the happy joes who had the nerve to make classically oriented metal  (Master of Puppets, Justice). They are the only band that managed to  slickly survive the collapse of the Metal era in the 90s. They were big,  they are big, they will be bigger.<br />Why?<br />Because of recordings like  this. It simply defies categorization. This stuff rocks, rolls, crashes,  clashes, sounds perversely awful and still takes your breath away. I  believe we are experiencing an unparalleled event in music history.<br />Ok,  I'm done. Pick chin up off floor. Press play button. Melt.
B00002Z88D|4.0|i have to say that this cd is one of the best ever.  i'm a huge metallica fan.  i love both the new and the old metallica. &quot;Dont expect easy listening...metallica will match the 100-piece ensemble with full  amplification of its style of music.&quot;  The song &quot;No Leaf  Clover&quot; is the newest and i have to say it is the best one on there  along with several others!   Enjoy
6305627347|5.0|What's all this talk about 'potty humor' anyway? Doesn't anybody get it? Give it to the kids...as young as possible. THEY'LL get it. And we'll make a much better crop of teenagers than the ones we've got now....
B00002MZ12|5.0|Meet Alanis Morissette at her most beautiful.  This live session sums up the past few years for Alanis - introducing updated and refreshing versions for all time favorite songs - and a few new ones as well.<br />One of the best  moments of the album is the wonderful cover for King of Pain. Others are  the groovy You Learn, the surprising You Oughta Know and Head Over  Feet.<br />If you know you like Alanis then you should buy this album. If you  don't, you should buy it and then you'll know.
B000006NPY|4.0|He (Billy Corgan) has done something very new in this album, yet it's not perfect.  I think this album is hard to accepted by people because of the dark and depressing sound and personal lylic. Yet I love this album a lot.  I listen this usually at night in the bed, and it creates strange  atomosphere.  Great, unique, and beautiful album.  Buy this CD!
0684874350|5.0|It's incredible how can the author write as if he was the age in the book!. I think also it's great how he writes the different pronunciations of the characters. The main character, Frank Mc Court, passes through a  very difficult life and makes you thing how he made to still alive!
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is a classic, and will be remembered for long time.  How much you will like about this album is depend on what kind of music you like (I love alternative like Smashing Pmpkins, Radiohead), but this is  great album for sure.  Worth the money for sure!
0451191153|3.0|It's just a book. Really. . . despite what some might tell you. But it is a great book. Critics complain that Howard Roark, and the inevitability with which he rises to pre-eminence, are superbly unfit for the real world.  This is true. Howard Roark, however, is not a person and perhaps not even a  hero, but an abstract ideal. He is a model of matchless integrity and  personal excellence (to a fault), and as I see it the book's premise is  that these qualities -- that what is right -- will be recognized and  accorded their due in the end. Thus, the good are the pure, those without  compromise. Personally, I don't believe Rand even meant the book to suggest  that this should, or does apply on planet Earth. Certainly, the theory is  ludicrous and circular when applied in reverse to suggest that whatever  becomes pre-eminent must have become so because it is inherently excellent  and therefore should be allowed to remain so if it can (a theory with which  some oppose the anti-trust case against Microsoft). In fact, I think  history provides more examples in which those who are pre-eminent have used  their power to squelch those who are excellent and right, often  successfully. At any rate, I recommend The Fountainhead to anyone and  everyone; read it, but take from it what you will.
B000000WA4|5.0|Each song in this album is all great.  Not even one song is bad.  This is the highest quality album I've ever listened to.  Billy Corgan is so creative.  He showed in this album all the kind of things he can do. What  this album is missing is songs doesn't support each other as one.  There  are loud rock music and soft ballard, and fast pop music all in one cd!  In  Adore, Billy Corgan did it right, but not as high quality as this album.  I  give 5 stars because what he did is unbelievable, despite of all I've said.
B000000YG5|5.0|Saxophone Colossus is, all around, incredible, from the first moment. The album opens with Max Roach, arguably the best jazz drummer ever, setting out a cool latin beat that relies heavily on toms. Then Rollins comes in  with the mellow, but somehow exuberant head to &quot;St. Thomas.&quot;  After a wailing solo from Sonny, Roach launches into a solo, which ranks  high among his best work. But the amazing point is when Roach's solo  concludes, building, and building, and then the music just explodes into a  fast swing beat and another round by Sonny. After a piano solo by Tommy  Flanagan which slowly brings the energy down, we're back into the head,  still in swing. But after one repetition, the latin groove reappears - Max  is in control - to finish out the tune. The rest of the album is full of  masterful renditions, including perhaps the best instrumental version of  Moritat (Mac the Knife from the Three Penny Opera) on record. For me, this  is the best jazz album of all time.
0553277472|4.0|First off, when I finished the book (in a twelve hour reading marathon) I was breathless. But... If its quality he preaches, I'm not sure how Pirsig stacks up against his own rigorous standards. Surely he is deeply involved  in his work. Surely he has become one with this book. But... It's that  profound involvement that I think sometimes alienates the reader from what  is a remarkably difficult piece. But... As I flipped through pages about  mathemeticians and scientests I never cared about, banging the book on the  wall waiting for it all to make sense, I could NOT put it down. In the end  he does not dissapoint, but if I hadn't read some passages six times over,  I may have been in the dark. It was all worth it, as I mull over in my mind  some of the last lines the chills down my spine freeze my fingers. Read it  with all your heart or you won't do it or yourself justice.
B00002MZ12|4.0|&quot;Folk rock?&quot; You say, &quot;This guy must be crazy! There is nothing 'folk' about Alanis!&quot; Aah, but there is here! With an acoustic band, more subdued performance and small live audience the album feels more  intimate and the lyrics more in the fore. Close your eyes and you can  imagine you are in a coffee shop hearing some local band whose lead singer  is writing songs of passion just destined to one day hit it big.  90's rock  anthems &quot;Ironic&quot; and &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; become much more  mournful and even folksy. &quot;You Learn&quot; sounds less rebellious and  more regretfull. &quot;Joining You&quot; and &quot;I Was Hoping&quot; are  also wonderfully rendered. As far as the unreleased songs go, I disagree  with the Amazon reviewer. &quot;These R The Thoughts&quot; and  &quot;Princes Familiar&quot; are great! The latter should have been on  &quot;Infatuation Junkie&quot;!  My only complaints would be- (1) a bit too  much piano on some songs. A minor flaw, really. (2) Why not more songs? I  guess I'm a bit too fond of mega-live albums like Daves Matthew's Band. If  you're going to release a live album just blow me away!  So... there are my  thoughts. GO ALANIS!
B0000025P9|1.0|All right, readers.  If you have read this far into the annals of Toto's listener reviews, you must fall into one of II categories:  either you think Toto is the best band ever, or you simply cannot stand to listen to their music without having the sensation of either:  I.  being in the  waiting room of your dentists office, or II. standing at the entrance of  the gates of hell.  Now, I'm not trying to suggest any satanic undertones  to Toto's music, I'm merely suggesting that Toto was and continues to be, a  vehicle for the tastes of record company executives, a way for them to take  a portion of the population and, through the process of listening to Toto's  recordings, turn innocent, naive human minds into complete mush.  This band  is the equivalent of meat-by-product.  It might purport to be meat, but one  sniff reveals something does not compute.  When Graham Parker wrote the  song &quot;Passive Resistance&quot;, he was writing about songs by bands  like, and including Toto.  Listen to that song by Parker and you'll begin  to understand that being a Toto fan is a condition that just sort of  happens to you because you let your guard down and those cockroach record  company execs succeeded in getting you caught onto one of Toto's catchy  hooks.  Thank goodness for Amazon, because they provide you with the  opportunity to search for something better.  Come on, if you actually think  toto has contributed anything significant to music?  Did they invent a  particular style?  Were their songs well written?  Did they posess  technical prowess with something other than a synthesizer?  Can you really  say with a straight face that it is a good thing for music that Toto has  come back to record again?  Maybe if you knew the real reason that they  recorded another record, you would  to understand why this band exists in  the first place.  Go on now, continue to sink further into the depths of  exec powered schmaltz...and while you're there, don't forget to floss.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark of Side of the Moon was released in 1973.  It is the most extraordinary album that has been made by a rock band so far. The album has a pleasant balance between the lyrics and the melody. The songs are  timeless and since the lyrics go through human being daily problems, any  generation and any culture across the globe can relate to the album. The  album was selected as the greatest album ever in several polls.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Close out the last Xmas of the millennium with this touching,impassioned, beautiful c.d. The two duets Celine performs with Andrea Bocelli and R. Kelly alone are  worth buying this c.d.  Blue Christmas exemplifies the  smokey,soulful abilities of this talented, French performer. Perfect gift  for anyone listening for beautiful works of art.
B000002U82|5.0|The Dark Side of the Moon was released in 1973. This album is the most extraordinary masterpiece that can be made by a rock band. It has a interesting balance between the melody and lyrics which deeply goes through  the human being's problems in day-to-day life such as money, time, ... and  as a result any culture across the world can connect to the songs. This  album was recently selected as the greatest album of the century  in a poll  released by ABCNEWS' wall of sound.
B000002U82|5.0|The greatest of all time! It's completely enrapturing! Yes, you've about the trippy music, the way the whole album intertwines, and the Oz thing, but here's a tidbit that most may not have noticed. Last line of the album:  &quot;and everything under the sun is in tune, but the sun is eclipsed by  the moon.&quot; If you don't see it, draw yourself a picture. The earth is  completely in the dark and out of whac. The only thing in sync is the Dark  Side of the Moon. Creative lyrics and effects a good album do not make, but  when the music is already fantastic and then you consider the originality  and care put into every detail, you begin to appreciate what a truly great  work of art this album really is.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is a excellent cd. Very fresh music no filler tracks. This is the best rock/funk cd in years, pick it up!
B000002U82|5.0|The greatest of all time! It's completely enrapturing! Yes, you've heard about the trippy music, the way the whole album intertwines, and the Oz thing, but here's a tidbit that most may not have noticed. Last line of the  album: &quot;and everything under the sun is in tune, but the sun is  eclipsed by the moon.&quot; If you don't see it, draw yourself a picture.  The earth is completely in the dark and out of whac. The only thing in sync  is the Dark Side of the Moon. Creative lyrics and effects a good album do  not make, but when the music is already fantastic and then you consider the  originality and care put into every detail, you begin to appreciate what a  truly great work of art this album really is.
B000002KOO|5.0|After Eric Clapton left John Mayall's Bluesbreakers in the 1960's, he was replaced by a relatively unknown but immensely talented blues guitarist named Peter Green.  Green, along with Mick Fleetwood and John McVie later  placed a indelible stamp on the music of the era with their raw and  innovative blues contributions.  I was fortunate enough to see the  Green-era Mac at the time this album came out.  Over a quarter of a century  later it retains its power.  It is nothing short of superb, perhaps their  best, and is a tour de force of English blues.  For me at least, this  manifestation of Fleetwood Mac was the best, far outstripping the  Buckingham-Nicks era most people generally identify with this band.   Heartbreakingly good!
1558807381|5.0|I saw this movie a long time ago when I was a child and I frankly detested it, mostly because Tim Curry's Satan was so terrifyingly grotesque.<br />A year ago, I rewatched the movie out of boredom and it took my breath away.  I can appreciate movies better now that I'm older and I saw things in this  movie that I didn't see as a child. It amazed me at how beautiful  everything was. <br />The characters are more there to portray the theme than  to be entirely realistic I find, especially Lily. Lily (played by Mia Sara)  is not your likable, average heroine, but that's the point of it all.  (She's fallen from grace and goes back again.) Every creature in this movie  symbolizes some essential quality of fairy tales and fantasy (good, evil,  love, pureness, etc).<br />The music is very haunting and I don't know what  people are complaining about when they say it ruins the movie. I personally  liked it better than the other music. It fits the movie better.<br />What  really hooked me to this movie though was the scene were Jack (Tom Cruise)  meets with the unicorns in the snow. One unicorn lies dead while the mare  is mourning the loss of its mate. That is one of the saddest and most  poignant scenes I have ever had the privilege to watch. <br />Rent this movie  now! It's so beautiful and its themes are absolutely timeless. I find as  you get older, you appreciate these simple stories even more than as a  child.
6304789440|5.0|This movie is for anyone who is in the mood for an action flick with a great story line.  Sigourney Weaver plays Ellen Ripley, the sole survivor from a previous encounter with an Alien which wiped out her entire crew.   After the Company loses contact with their colony on LV-426, they come to  her for aid.  She eventually agrees to go to face her fears.  She is  promised absolute safety by being sent in with a group of high tech  Marines.  The marines were not prepared for what they found.  Bill Paxton  (Predator 2) and Michael Biehn (Terminator) round out this cast.  This  movie is highly recremended for anyone in the mood for some action and a  few quick thrills.
1558807381|5.0|I saw this movie a long time ago when I was a child and I frankly detested it, mostly because Tim Curry's Satan was so terrifyingly grotesque.<br />A year ago, I rewatched the movie out of boredom and it took my breath away.  I can appreciate movies better now that I'm older and I saw things in this  movie that I didn't see as a child. It amazed me at how beautiful  everything was. <br />The characters are more there to portray the theme than  to be entirely realistic I find, especially Lily. Lily (played by Mia Sara)  is not your likable, average heroine, but that's the point of it all.  (She's fallen from grace and goes back again.) Every creature in this movie  symbolizes some essential quality of fairy tales and fantasy (good, evil,  love, pureness, etc).<br />The music is very haunting and I don't know what  people are complaining about when they say it ruins the movie. I personally  liked it better than the other music. It fits the movie better.<br />What  really hooked me to this movie though was the scene were Jack (Tom Cruise)  meets with the unicorns in the snow. One unicorn lies dead while the mare  is mourning the loss of its mate. That is one of the saddest and most  poignant scenes I have ever had the privilege to watch. <br />Rent this movie  now! It's so beautiful and its themes are absolutely timeless. I find as  you get older, you appreciate these simple stories even more than as a  child.
6305627401|5.0|This movie is really good. I'm a 15 year old kid that's rather precocious, and I enjoyed the toilet humor (Love affair with Satan and Saddam Hussein) as well as the subtle messages in the movie. One would most likely pick the little bit about racism in the military (African Americans in  &quot;operation human shield&quot;) as a subtle satire, but the plot of the  entire movie was making fun of the people hating it.<br />The moral of South  Park is that parents should spend less time complaining about films and  other contraband to the government for their children's  sake, but spend  more time helping their kids become less desensitized. <br />This movie will  pretty much entertain anyone from a potty mouth loving child to precocious  adult. I watched this movie with my dad, and we both loved it. South Park  was very naughty, and also very smart.
B000009QPG|5.0|This is a must have for a hard metal fan.  Slayer's best and Dave Lombardo's peak in his dominance in percussions.  Unfortunately his last album with the band. Worth buying just on his extreme style of playing that  compliments the band's brutality.
6305609721|5.0|This film is pure magic. You can FEEL that the people who play in it (the Star Trek crew) have a long history together and that is what makes the movie work. The way they interact with each other, the things they say and  do; it wouldn't be possible in just any movie.<br /> In this film, the best  scenes of Star Trek history are to be found: the scene in which Kirk  explains that Spock has had too much LDS in the 60's, the scene where  Scotty starts talking to the 20th century computer - I could go on!<br /> In  short: highly recommendable, even for non-trek fans.
B00000J7J4|3.0|This CD has lots of awesome artists other than Carlos in it and it is a kind of weird mixture with a litle of R&amp;B, a little bit of rock, and A LOT of latin music. Carlos is awesome, though. Good CD for people who like  a little bit of everything.
6305609721|5.0|This film is pure magic. You can FEEL that the people who play in it (the Star Trek crew) have a long history together and that is what makes the movie work. The way they interact with each other, the things they say and  do; it wouldn't be possible in just any movie.<BR> In this film, the best  scenes of Star Trek history are to be found: the scene in which Kirk  explains that Spock has had too much LDS in the 60's, the scene where  Scotty starts talking to the 20th century computer - I could go on!<BR> In  short: highly recommendable, even for non-trek fans.
B000000OQY|5.0|NO doubt, this is a very good cd.  Patience is one of the best songs ever and the slow version of You're crazy is a very cool contrast to the version on appetite for destruction.  One in a million as offensive lyrics (meant  as a joke) but the sound of it is actually better than patience.  The 1st 4  songs are fast paced and aggressive the last 4 are slow and acoustic
B00000K19E|5.0|The premise of this film is novel and well covered.  It is difficult not to like this movie if you like action/adventure at all.  It is better than most, a little dark (similar to The Crow), and the acting is  excellent.<br />The one thing that could have been left out was the little  &quot;love&quot; scene that was beside the point, unnecessary,  and  obviously gratuitous.
B000000P17|5.0|Yeah Guns are out of there element and that's what's so great...that they are able to pull it off when outside of there element.  This is just a bunch of covers of songs that influenced the band when they were younger.   A cool concept and performed VERY well.  Although I would recommend you buy  Appetite and the use your illusions before this album!
0385484518|4.0|This book moved me to rethink what life is all about. What's important and what isn't. Morrie had a lesson for all of us, not just the author. I am compelled to share my newfound feelings with my children, and will  definately share this wonderful book with them during the holiday season.  Isn't love a wonderful thing!
B000000OSE|5.0|November rain, Coma, and Don't Cry (original version) are 3 amazing songs.  That alone is the reason to buy this album (november rain being guns best song ever in my opinion).  The rest of the cd is diverse and all over the  place.  Some people will like the other songs and some may not.  But I know  I sure do!  Don't Damn Me has some great riffs.  All in all I would  recommend this album highly but rank it behind appetite and use your  illusion II as far as overall worth.
B000002IQW|5.0|This album is a few tonnes heavier than Skid Row's first and is of the same quality. Sebastian Bach's voice is awesome amd the rest of the band rock too.<br />Every song on this album is good, some are better than others  but they all rock. Some of the slower songs get a real boost from the high  quality of Sebastian Bach's vocals.<br />You really should buy this album,  it's great!
B00002Z88D|4.0|This is a good album, however I guess that the editing is a little bit wrong: guitars are at a very low volume. There are parts that the symphonic plays, that they simply do not match with what metallica is playing.  However there are excellent songs like: one, outlaw torn, battery, master  and, of course for whom the bell tolls. If you like metallica buy this cd.
B000000OPZ|5.0|If you love rock music you should buy this album.<br />The songs on it are musically superb and John Sykes really shines on this album. Some of the songs are a little bit cheesy at times but not to the extent that would  spoil the album. 'Children of the night', 'Heat of the night' and 'bad  boys' are all great rock songs. Although I'm very fussy when it comes to  ballads (I always either really like them or totally ignore them) I think  that 'Cryin' in the rain' is one of the best ballads ever written, having  said that I don't like 'is this love' at all.<br />This album is a favourite  of mine and I would reccomend it to anyone.<br />Oh yeah, while I've possibly  got the attention of a few Whitesnake fans. Is it me or is David  Coverdale's speaking (Not singing) voice very similar to Roger Moore's (a  past James Bond)?. David Coverdale, the next James Bond? Far fetched and  somewhat surreal but it would be cool!
B000000OXH|5.0|Alpha which is the follow up to their classic debut, is a album filled with bittersweet romantic rock songs. <br />Songwriters bassist/singer John Wetton, keyboardist Geoff Downes and producer Mike Stone really create a  vibrant Rock/pop album. Don't Cry and The Smile Has Left Your Eyes were the  big hits from this album.  Never In A Million Years, My Own Time, Midnight  Sun and Open Your Eyes are the other standout songs.<br />Songs from the likes  of The Beach Boys, Fleetwood Mac and the producing qualities of Phil  Spector seem to be a big influences on this album. Producer Mike Stone  really creates a lush &quot;wall of sound&quot; quality  that incorporates  Geoff Downes' diverse and richly textured keyboards, Steve Howe's peerless  guitar work, Carl Palmer's powerful drumming and John Wetton's impassioned  vocals into  a superb melodic Rock/pop album.<br />Call it Power Pop, Melodic  Rock, either way if you're a fan of classic 80's rock then Alpha is a must  have.
B000002J3W|4.0|I was dissappointed by this album, with the other Skid Row albums being so AWESOME I expected better. It is a good album with some good songs, but without Sebastian Bach's awesome vocals I don't think I would have liked  it.<br />If know you like skid row this is worth a listen, if you are new to  skid row then I would reccomend their first, self titled album.
0780626966|5.0|I remember when, I first saw 'Nightmare On Elm Street'. I was still in high school and my friends and I had gone to see it. I've followed them ever since and now I can watch them, in this way cool 'Nightmare On  Elmstreet' collectors edition set! Totally awesome and something, I'm sure  my grandkids will be talking about someday. Thanks, for the collectors  edition of 'Nightmare On Elm Street'.
B000002INR|5.0|I cannot beleive that anyone would criticise this album, let alone give it only one star (A small galaxy of stars would be more appropriate).<br />When someone disagrees with me about an album I usually put it down to  difference in musical taste, but here I cannot. THIS ALBUM RULES AND ANYONE  WHO SAYS OTHERWISE IS WRONG! One or two people (Grunge or False Metal fans  I suspect) insulting this masterpeice means it only got four stars before I  wrote this review. That is not just annoying it is a MISCARRAGE OF  JUSTICE! .<br />For those of you who like REAL ROCK MUSIC and don't own this  yet, I got two words for ya:<br />BUY IT!<br />For those of you who bought this  album and liked it:<br />Awesome isn't it ?.<br />For those of you who DON&quot;T  like real rock music and are intent on insulting this album:<br />Go and  listen to it until you DO like it! Insulting this album on the basis of the  spelling of other reviews is very immature!<br />For those about to  rock:<br />BANG! ......... WE SALUTE YOU!
B000021Y7X|5.0|This is one of the best concert films that I've ever seen.  The Talking Heads alone would make a great concert.  The exceptional direction and editing of the film by Johnathan Demme make this an outstanding effort.  It  played in the theaters forever in its intial release, with good reason.  Also some of the best renditions of the bands hits that you'll hear.
B0000009SI|4.0|If you've heard of Frank Zappa, it's likely you've heard of &quot;Don't  Eat the Yellow Snow.&quot;  This is the album that's got it, in a rambling,  always changing, keep-you-off-balance Arctic epic about Nanook and friends.  The music is good enough; it's the lyrics in the four opening tracks that  is the true grabber.  Musically, listen to &quot;Uncle Remus&quot; for some  great piano work.  I entered the world of FZ with this album in 1977, and I  never looked back.  Enjoy.
B000031XCR|5.0|Oh my, this CD is a whole compilation of all the greatest hits so delicately chosen for every continent of the world. thanks for the thoughtfulness. Another thing is that the 7 new songs are very good,  especially Live and All The Way, 2 beautiful ballads, its style not heard  of in many of her albums. That's The Way It Is is my personal like but I  thought the music was a bit overdone by artists like backstreet boys  (sounded so alike!), and Diane Warren made a good song again, though I  didn't really like the lyrics. But who cares, albeit the flaws and  everything, I think everyone did a fairly good job and Cline again threw  in her very best personal feelings into the songs, and this Cline magic  will go on and on all the way, its heartbeat will stay forever this way.  Ps: I think Cline shouldn't be the 19th most beautiful woman but in the  top 10. love you Cline and enjoy your break.
B0000009SF|5.0|Excellent jazz work from FZ.  Slip this album, especially &quot;Blessed Relief&quot; or &quot;Eat That Question&quot; to a jazz snob and see the reaction you get when you tell them that they're enjoying the smooth sounds  of FZ.  Fun music, yet soothing and thoughtful, this is a fantastic  addition to any FZ or even a jazz fan's collection.  Enjoy.
0790729407|5.0|If you haven't seen this film yet, you must.  This tells a true story of some history rarely taught in schools today.  Michael Collins is an excellent piece of work!<br />In regards to the Irish Flag, in a way, it does  represent the separation of the North and South.  The Green is a  representaion of the Catholic, Gaelic speaking Republic and the Orange  (which came from William of Orange from who later came the  &quot;Orangemen&quot;) represents the Protestant North.  The white between  signifies peace between the two sides.<br />Anyhow, buy the movie, watch the  movie, enjoy the movie.
0375701427|3.0|A very slow start, with a character who diappears soon into the book, never to return again.  THe whole book was rather slow, and very disjointed, hopping from one time frame to another, which was often  confusing.  However, it is a book worth reading, as it illistrates the  conflict in the 1960's between the established way and the new free  thinking movement.
B000023VR6|4.0|This is his best work!    All of the songs on this CD are amazing! Dr.Dre at his best!  the best trax are: 4,7,10,21  If you gota good sound system in your car, make sure this is the only cd you got in there!
B000002LR3|5.0|I say HIDDEN because barely anyone knows about Screamadelica (at least in the U.S.). I'm just amazed it took me this long to find it. Rolling Stone Magazine has been my light in the dark dealing with music, but it seems  that there's a pattern going on. For some reason they aren't noticing the  key Brittish albums being made. On my own i've had to learn about  Madchester, Ambient,the second summer of love (1989), etc. I've spent a  long time studying music and here is a list of the 3 greatest unknown  albums off all time, that you need to get.<br />1-Primal Scream: Screamadelica  2-Love: Forever Changes 3-The Stone Roses: The Stone Roses<br />P.S., just for  fun, my definitive list of the 10 greatest albums of all time (in no  particular order):<br />1: Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band 2: Abbey  Road 3: Beggar's Banquet 4: Highway 61 Revisited 5: Pet Sounds 6: Exile On  Mainstreet 7: Loveless 8: Funhouse 9: What's Going On 10: The Velvet  Underground &amp; Nico<br />*Revolver isn't listed because it's above them  all. Revolver isn't an album it's a way of life.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album was THE best album I have ever heard.  I will give each song a review.<br />intro- I think the opening music is great, and should have been used in its' own song.  <br />just like this- Every time I here this song, I just RAVe (no pun intened) around my room.  They should make a video about  this.<br />nookie- It's on with this track.  I think this great concert song  was the perfect way for getting out of the shadow of  &quot;Faith&quot;<br />Break Stuff- THis is my personal favorite song on the  CD.  This too is a great song to listen to while you thrash around the mosh  pits.<br />re-arranged- This song is a get away from the head-banging Limp.   This is the kind of song that everyone taps their feet to when they here it  on the radio.<br />I'm Broke- I really don't listen to this song that much.   It just does't have the right beat for me.<br />Nobody Like You- I listen to  this all the time.  Any time KoRn and Limp hook up for a song, it rules.  I  also thing the 50 seconds before the track is funny too.<br />Don't go off  wandering- This is the only song on the album that I don't really like.   <br />9 teen 90 nine- see I'm Broke<br />trust?- I always go around repeating the  begining of this song.<br />No Sex- The first few times I listened to this  song, I just skipped over it.  But it is really cool.  It's Limp at their  softest.<br />Show Me what You Got- This song rulz.  It's pretty much the same  idea of &quot;Indigo Flow&quot; but better.<br />A lesson learned- This song  is cool, but a little bit short.<br />Also the hidden tracks are very  funny.
B00002MZ12|5.0|A masterpiece.  After listening to JLP and SFIJ for so long, hearing Unplugged is like a breath of fresh air.  Her old songs, but with new twists.  No Pressure Over Cappucino is brilliant, a beautiful and lyrically  crafted piece of work.  Joining You is a lot less alternative than it was  on SFIJ, but it is even better.  I was surprised to find that I even liked,  &quot;I Was Hoping,&quot; on Unplugged, which I hadn't liked on SFIJ.   Ironic sounds incredible.  Princes Familiar is really cool.  I have never  heard a better band.  These people are talented.  I could go on and on, but  the bottom line is that is a masterpiece.
0553296981|5.0|This book is very good and interesting, and, of course, sad. The people who said that Anne isn't a great writer, listen, she doesn't have to be. This isn't a story she wrote, this is just her day-to-day diary. She didn't  write it with the intention of being recognized as a wonderful author.
B000001IPL|5.0|The only thing I can say is that this CD is awsome. It combines amazing, straight forward lyrics with top of the line instromental sound. I listen to it as often as I can, and I know this sounds crazy, but it helps me get  fired up for football games. All in all, this is my favorite CD.
B000002B30|4.0|This album is really great, but &quot;unfortunately&quot; Mr. Springsteen has made too many great songs, so I am waiting on the Greatest hits 2. Springsteen is Rocknroll personified his quite rough, and weather-beaten  voice suites his rock songs perfect as well as his softer songs. This album  is a great mix of all this. Now, why dont I give this album five stars if  it is great? Well, there are some great hits missing, &quot;Im on  fire&quot;, &quot;Because the night&quot;, &quot;No surrender&quot;, just  to mention a few. Springsteen and the E-street band is one of the best live  bands, alltime, and should be seen and heard live. Hot tip is, LIVE  1975-1985, with the Boss. This album is a very good buy, you wont regret  it.
0451191153|5.0|I recently began reading The Fountainhead, but am only about 200 pages into it.  Granted, I have not read even half of it yet so I am not totally qualified to pass judgements on it, but I just had to say something after i  read these reviews.  First of all, I don't know a thing about Ayn Rand or  what she felt about her characters, etc.  All I know is that i cant put  this book down but I dont like any of the people in it.  I do not feel in  any way that Howard Roark is the &quot;ideal man.&quot;  In fact, I find  him to be somewhat of a warning.  Everyone in this book is an extreme of  something. Roark will sacrifice anything for his ideals while Keating will  sacrifice anyONE for success. In my opinion, this book shows the reader  that one cannot live in the extremes.  One must find a comfortable middle  ground.  Why is this a bad book just because you dont agree with the people  in it and how they behave?  It is excellently written.  That cannot be  denied.  I think Rand could write a paper describing a soda can and it  would sound like music to me.  not only that, but its the disgust one feels  towards the characters that makes it so exciting to find out what happens  to them.  read this book, not for a lesson on any particular viewpoint; not  to be preached at, but because it is a wonderful symphony of words which  take the reader away.  It is one of those books that cause one to lose  sense of everything around him.  I can't wait to finish it!
B00000JCB2|5.0|another great album from fred and the boys! they are getting better everytime.heres another album that is good from start to the awesome track with method! limp proves how great of a band they really are with this  album. pick this one up for sure!
B000002G9S|4.0|Free was the best (and only) practitioners of blues minimalism.  Kossoff peeled off his guitar licks like kung-fu chops.  Catch that little bit of  vibrato he wrung our toward the end of his lines.  Impressive... And Paul  Rodgers was at his greatest at this time, probably the best vocalist in  rock.  Proof that you don't have to break the notes-per-second record, or  create an avalanche of feedback to make a lasting impression.
B000001Y42|5.0|this album rocks from start to finish! its very rare when there is a album where every track is great a must have album ineveryones collection!
B0000057C5|5.0|Sehnsucht is one of my favorite industrial albums. The production values, music, and lyrics are all incredible. The whole &quot;du hast&quot; scandal angered me a little (anyone who's had a year of German could tell you what  it means--you have). I like to think the &quot;official translations&quot;  they used to have on their website were mistranslated on purpose to keep  American fans distanced from the material (maybe so sales would not be  hurt?). I'm aware of no American industrial band that writes such amazing  lyrics. Furthermore, it's very rarely that a band that &quot;sounds  satanic&quot; is really saying anything disturbing--Rammstein is the  exception (especially on their first album). Not for the easily offended.
B000002HMH|2.0|A followup of the aclaimed 'Black Album,' arguably Metallica's best studio effort to date, Load does nothing but disappoint. It deviates from everything that one has come to expect from Metallica. The songs like Hero  of the Day and Mama Said make you squirm because of the lack of everything  that is Metallica from the thunderous guitar riffs to Hetfield's vocals.  The only song that seems to belong to Metallica (and at the same time  doesn't belong on this album, is King Nothing,) which shows why Metallica  is the best at what they do.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is so great and diverse. There are no two songs that sound the same, which I can't really say for their previous album: Dude  Ranch (even though that, too is a great album) My personal fav is Cheshire Cat, but  this is up there, too. They have obviously matured a lot (musically, not  lyrically) My favorite songs are Going Away to College, Adam's Song, All  the Small Things, Wendy Clear, and, until the trendy pop station  over-played it, What's My Age Again?
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Like my title says, Sam Raimi's &quot;The Evil Dead&quot; (and it's two inferior, but still fabulous sequels) is the greatest horror movie ever made. Gore? Yup, blood's a spillin'. Acting? Bruce Campbell is the king of  all other actors. direction, it's Sam Raimi at his low budget best, still  wet behind the ears (or camera), but still shows a flwaless sense of style.  Incidentally, the assistant editor of this film was Joel Coen (dir.  &quot;Fargo,&quot; &quot;Raising Arizona,&quot; &quot;Barton Fink&quot;  etc.) Everything is the film has a great campy feel and all the cheesy  lines are delivered with a good nudge and a wink.
B000002G7E|5.0|A Velvet collection just wouldn't be complete without &quot;White Light/White Heat.&quot; This album comfirms how experimental they were, because their was never another album like it. Part of what makes an album  like &quot;The Velvet Underground&quot; so great is that you can play it  back to back with &quot;White Light/White Heat&quot; first and laugh in  amazement at the many dimensions of the Velvets. This is my personal  favorite album and weapon of choice. Their music just never gets old,  believe me. The songs &quot;White Light/White Heat,&quot; &quot;The  Gift,&quot; and &quot;I Heard Her Call My Name&quot; sound like the  Beatles' evil twin cousins from hell. I love it. Then there's the song from  hell, &quot;Sister Ray.&quot; Admit it people, no Velvet album better  displays that &quot;wrong side of the tracks&quot; feel the band gave off  than this one. Let's not forget that this album is also essential for  serving as the birth of lo-fi rock as we know it. Nirvana got down on their  knees when they used to cover &quot;Here She Comes Now.&quot; Kurt picked  the perfect song, Lou's voice sounds so much like his on that one. I am one  of the few people who love this album enough to have &quot;Sister Ray&quot;  and &quot;The Gift&quot; memorized. Give all of the songs time. They will  eventually outlive much of the other music in your collection.
B000000XBC|3.0|I bought the Chronicle album not long ago and thoroughly enjoyed virtually all the music on it.  Not so for Volume II.  Many of these were not nearly as popular and it is painfully obvious why.  They were obscure, not well  done, or mediocre copies of someone else's work.  Unless you are a fanatic  for CCR, get the first Chronicle and save your money on this one.
B00002Z88D|5.0|What can i say about Metallica they are the best heavy metal group on earth. Their new album S&amp;M is great, but it needz to be listened sometimez in order to realize its worth. You must listen ..of wolf and man  and ONE with the orchestra they are just great. A must by for everyone...
B00000DHRZ|5.0|With all the &quot;punk&quot; fans out there trashing Americana, I'm not so sure I WANT to buy the other Offspring CDs.  Every track on Americana is awesome, like Pretty Fly, Why Don't You Get A Job, Walla Walla, The Kids  Aren't Alright, and Feelings.  Everyone should buy this CD.  It rocks!
B000023VR6|5.0|I did not expect this DRE. cd to be as good as the Chronic, but i think it might be better.  There is honestly not one bad song on this album.  I really don't like rap 2 much, but i love DRE. AND snoop--Dre is at top form  again, buy this album OK!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|With all the &quot;punk&quot; fans out there trashing Americana, I'm not so sure I WANT to buy the other Offspring CDs.  Every track on Americana is awesome, like Pretty Fly, Why Don't You Get A Job, Walla Walla, The Kids  Aren't Alright, and Feelings.  Everyone should buy this CD.  It rocks!
B00001QEBQ|3.0|After a series of mediocre animated movies (Pocahontas, Hunchback, Hercules), Disney has reassured the world they still do have the &quot;magic&quot; to produce animated titles for all  ages.<br />Unforutunately, Disney has also reassured (me at least) they are  just as greedy as ever.  If Bug's Life is any indication, expect to see an  &quot;Special Edition&quot; of Mulan to show up some months later.  You  see, Disney in their infinite wisdom decided 16:9 anamorphic transfers were  &quot;too advanced&quot; for American (Region1) audiences.  Thus, while  Bugs Life DVD and Mulan DVD contain both &quot;widescreen&quot; and  &quot;fullscreen&quot; versions, the widescreen version is letterboxed!   (Bugs Life region2 is anamorphic, not letterboxed.)<br />*SIGH*  oh well, at  least Disney's Tarzan DVD (region1) will ship in anamorphic form.
B0000070NK|5.0|please tell me about this cd!
B000002G60|5.0|This is a really good CD. It has a really Unique, Different and Wonderful sound. This is the first Cd of hers that I have listened to and I was surprised that she isn't as well known as some of the other artists out  there, but this is a great CD and everyone should listen to it
0441172717|5.0|Having put off reading Frank Herbert's tome for some time, I was thrilled to find it worthy of all the critical acclaim it's received.  It's clear that Herbert's confection of religion, politics and ecology played an  important role in the development of another well-done science fiction  enterprise---Babylon 5.
B00001QGPS|5.0|The truth is that I love heavy metal music, I always hated rap, but this cd I for some reason love as much as heavymetal.  Meth. man and Redman really pump up your adrenaline like heavy metal. They actually have awesome  rhymes and theyre beats are amazing. My favorite song are y.o.u., blackout,  1212, and da rockwilder. Id reccommend this cd to any hip hop or heavy  metal fan.
B000000ZKD|3.0|Certainly a mixed bag. The guys might have done better doing an album of Rolling Stones material if they were compelled to find a musical concept.<BR> <BR> Natcherly, they do better on the harder, more funky  numbers like I Want You and Come Together. Other cuts just sound clumsy, as  if the band isn't fully committed to the material. Even the incomparable Al  Jackson seems a bit uncomfortable. But they gamely press on to the end,  leaving out Paul's surprise Her Majesty tag. Three stars for an interesting  idea, but there's lots of a MG's music to own before you get around to this  one. <BR> <BR> DJ Rix
6302753295|5.0|If you think that some video versions of this film sound strange, you're probably right.  Somehow, the rights to the movie (probably non-exclusive rights) were sold in the late 80's or early 90's.  However the rights did  NOT include the music, requiring the entire sound track to be recorded with  new music and actors.  <br />So buyer beware,
0767819446|5.0|I saw this movie because I was bored and walking by the theater.  I thought I would be killing time for a couple of hours: I was wrong, this time was not killed, it was extremely well spent. The thing I liked best  about this film is that it doesn't take time out to explain things, but  rather simply shows you the situation, and leaves the understanding to you.   In other words, it does not insult your intelligence. Its theme is similar  to that of The Matrix, Dark City, and ExistenZ.  Having seen all of these,  I would rate this one the best of all of them.  While I enjoy cinematic  gunfire and explosions as well as anyone, I do enjoy a film which does not  feature a lot of this sort of thing, and instead relies on the plot itself  to keep the story moving.  This film is one such. The movie posters said  &quot;Question Reality.&quot;  I am now following that advice.  I would  rate this film as the best I've seen this year.  Now I'm just waiting for  the video to come down in price.
B000003H2W|5.0|After their previous release, Turn Loose the Swans, My Dying Bride set their standards very high indeed.With this, their third full length album, they achieve what few bands can: create an incredible album on a different  path from that of their previous one. Where Turn Loose the Swans was raw  and quite death in its musical approach, The Angel and the Dark River  hardly has any growling and the guitars are more melodic. You know  immediately it's MDB because through this change in style their spirit  still transcends. The songs are sad; they talk of Love, Death, Religion...  Aaron's usual inspiration for his lyrics, but the music gives us a  different perspective from that of past and future albums. Indeed, never  again has MDB been even close to accomplishing an album as complete as  this. The first track, The Cry of Mankind, lasts over 12 min and is  probably the best in this album, maybe even the best song MDB has ever  written; a tale of how Jesus looks down on Mankind and sees how we are  destroying ourselves thus rendering his sacrifice useless. An epic which  shows straight away what we can expect from the rest of the album: Slow  grinding guitars inter playing with each other, harmonising often, which  together with Martin's violin and keyboards (the best I've ever heard!)  create that melancholic sound which is the trademark of MDB. Aaron's  laments complete the painting in sad dark hues; there is a bit of growling  in some songs but somehow it is not missed (for those of you who think DOOM  must be growled this is a lesson on how to deliver intense vocals without  reverting to growls). A review on this album cannot be complete without  commenting on the incredible drumming by Rick Miah, who is, to my liking,  the best DOOM drummer in the business (sadly, he is no longer a member of  the band). Not one of the tracks has a simple rhythm, his use of the double  bass and the cymbals adds the final touch to an already perfect album. The  Angel and the Dark River is a must for anyone interested in DOOM and will  serve as a comparison for other DOOM albums for a long time to come.  Essential listening.
B000000I0I|5.0|No words, only music, mike music is the most radical music Ive ever listened. Terrible, wonderful, crazy.... perfect. Ommadawn cannot be defined by any word.
B0000060LT|4.0|For anyone who stumbled upon this band or review, know this: there are two types of music. the music that works better as individual, punchy songs OR music that is more about atmosphere, emotion and taking you to another  place for an entire album. this album and this band clearly fall in the  second category. while fans of pop music and catchy hooks will find this  quite boring and somewhat similar, i put it on and am moved by the mood  swings, beauty, intelligence of it all. Violins, touches on a drum here and  there, music of longing, all of no particular song structure, it's  beautiful. It's similar to classical music in that the songs have movements  from emotion to emotion.... put this album on if you'd like a break from  all the monotony of cookie cutter music which infiltrates all airwaves. put  this album on and ...... live.
0446525537|5.0|This book is the best yet written by Nicholas Sparks. It plays with your emotions....makes you laugh, then makes you cry. All the while, keeps you smiling. This is by all means the best book I've read.
6305627401|5.0|I almost gave the film 4 stars simply because I wanted more than 81 minutes.  Mr. Garrison's line about why he doesn't trust women with PMS had me rolling on the floor. <br />Some people have complained about the decision  to make this film into a musical, but I think that it was a great idea on  Parker and Stone's part.  The songs are very catchy, and I often find  myself singing them in my head.  I even went so far as to buy the  soundtrack. <br />As far as the quality of the DVD goes, there are 3  theatrical trailers.  I wish that there had been more than that-such as a  director's commentary or even better, deleted scenes which were taken out  in order to acquire an R rating.  The fact that these special features were  not included does not surprise me-Paramount made this DVD and so far, their  DVD's have been real letdowns in terms of special features.   <br />Warning:  DO NOT allow children under 17 (perhaps even that is too young) to view  this film.  There is no way in the world that this film can ever be edited  down to be shown on network television-the profanity is staggering.  Now,  if only the TV series could return to being as funny as this movie was.   Some of the recent episodes have been awful (ex:the meteor shower episodes,  the Korn episode). I don't know what will become of the series now that the  woman who did all of the female voices recently killed herself.
0800132343|5.0|DAS BOAT is at the top of the list for films of war, films of drama, and films of teams working together, living together, and eventually.... The black and white video shows the true colors in dramatic contrast. One can  live with the men as the ship sails out and on all its runs. One can feel  the joy and disappointment, the thrills and the fears. This is a great war  film that also ranks among the finest dramas of the 20th century. It makes  one long for a long-gone era when people counted more than computers.  This  is superb!
B000002BFZ|5.0|Pearl Jam's No Code expresses the spirituality the band was feeling at the time of recording. No Code is a great album to listen to while meditating our at anytime you feel you need to look within yourself. It expresses the  feelings one has when they feel alone and need for acceptance from society.  So the times when you feel yourself looking over your shoulder looking for  someone to accompany you, listen to the spiritual words of Eddie.
B00002MZ4W|3.0|A good effort but pale in comparison to here initial CD. Depression has left and a love for life has taken hold. It shows! More bubble and less impact. We are getting the leftovers from the cream of the crop from the  first splash she made onto the scene.
0671867369|5.0|It is amazing to me the amount of detail that has been captured in this book so many years after the end of WWII.  The amount of research needed is unfathomable to me.  All the tiny tid-bits of information about every  person written about kept me turning the pages.  This is an excellent  depiction of how Military History should be written.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|&quot;When the Pawn...&quot; is by far better than &quot;Tidal,&quot; even though Tidal was great.  Fiona is known for pissing people off, and she's doing it again (and I love it).  What I love so much about her is that  she's so angry, and she doesn't have to yell and scream at the top of her  lungs to get the point across.  Her subtelty is her strong suit, and it  fits her very well.  &quot;I Know&quot; could possbily be one of my  favorite songs ever.  She has a way of making one feel her music, and  relate to it in a very emotional way....<br />Plus, she is breathtakingly  beautiful!  Rock on Girl!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|A rabid fan of Fiona'a first album, I'd been waiting for the new one for about.... 3 years. Despite my breathless anticipation and confidence in Fiona's ability, I couldn't shake a slight fear that somehow, When The  Pawn.... wouldn't be able to live up to my monstrously high expectations.  Usually (and I'm not quite sure why) I prefer the first album I hear by an  artist (regardless of what order I hear them in) so that had me a bit  worried, too.<br />I bought the CD the day it came out, took it home, and  popped in my player.  I listened.  I really liked it... but my first  thought was, &quot;it's different!&quot; (something I'm not usually fond  of). So, though I didn't dislike the CD in the least, I put it aside for a  few days.  After the second listening, I still wasn't sure what I thought,  but I noticed the songs were starting to stick in my head.... and so I  would listen again, and again, and again. And sometime during that period  of repeated playing, it dawned on me- When The Pawn was not just a decent  sophomore album by a talented artist.  It's a rich, complex, textured  collection of songs at LEAST as good as those on my beloved Tidal....  perhaps someday soon, I might admit that When The Pawn is a tiny, tiny,  TINY bit..... better.<br />So yes, Fiona's sound has changed on her new album.  I hate change, but even I'll say that with Fiona, change is a good thing.  Yes, she's got some angry lyrics. But why overlook her TALENT as a  lyricist, not to mention the sheer sexiness of these songs? She may be  angry, but she sure knows how to set anger to BRILLIANT music.
B000002UKS|5.0|this cd i have had since it came out.....and i felt the need to review it and let people know how awesome it is.This album is full of great songs,almost every song could be a hit single,and lots of songs were.It  doesnt stop at monkey wrench,or everlong,lots of other great songs that  rock hard or are great relaxing songs....
B000009HF2|5.0|When they tally up the great live performances of all time (why not, it's almost the end of the millenium), this album captures one of the greatest.  I swear that if I could travel back in time ... near the top of my list of  destinations would be this concert.  Phenomenal performance, never fails to  electrify ... no matter how many times I listen to it.
0385495315|5.0|Fun to read and understand.  Get it if you are interested in cool mind twisters.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i love blink 182. they are a great band with a great sence of humor. my favs on this cd are dumpweed,all the small things,going away to college and whats my age again. this is one of blinks best. i could hardly wait til  there next album. i definately recommend this cd,             BLINK 182  ROCKS!
6305181772|4.0|The video of the DVD version is absolutely beautiful, especially through component outputs, and the Dolby 5.1 sound is awesome.  But the video and audio, particulary dialogue, were sometimes jarringly out-of-sync.  I've  seen the VHS version several times and never noticed this problem, so it's  apparently unique to the DVD version. Unfortunately, it's a critical flaw  in an otherwise perfect DVD.
B000009ED0|4.0|i don't own this cd but i want it... i listen ed to it and i liked it alot.. and he can't be a one hit wonder cause hes got like 3 or 4 hit singles duh!  but i sugest this cd to anyone who like his music!
B00000JCOV|5.0|This has got to be the hardest, fastest, intense, insane and best CD I have ever bough in my life!  If you're a Metal fan it is worth it to give Slipknot a try. He   if your not a metal fan try it anyway's you might  change.
6305627401|5.0|funniest movie ever!  I started to watch thinking it would be much like the series, but then it blew into a grotesque and vicious kick in the face to modern society and, well, nearly everything else you can think of. . . .  . Definetely NOT for kids, or people who can't take a joke, but an  excellent satire for everyone else.
B000031XCR|1.0|This is not art, but pure elevater/soap opera type of music. I have heard these songs(unfortunatelY) when I was over an colleagues house and it almost put me to sleep. How can anyone listen to such banel trite stuff?  Music should have some asthetic value, which this rates as a zero in. It is  one of the reasons I don't bother turning on Mtv, VH1, or the radio,  because I don't want to end up completely numb like most of our society.
079070546X|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest movies that I have ever seen! I strongly reccomend that you see it. It is so good you will want to buy it. Chevy Chase is hilarious!
B00000K19E|5.0|Even if you've seen this movie at the theater, buy the DVD.  Here's why: The extras included on the DVD set a new standard for what every new movie SHOULD include with the more expensive DVD (unlike Titanic).  The  commentaries are great &amp; enlightening. My two kids (boy-10 &amp;  girl-7) both love watching this movie over &amp; over, especially the  &quot;behind the scenes&quot; information.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is an awesome CD. It has all of Celine's hits-the still-amazing &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; and &quot;The Power Of Love&quot;, the great songs &quot;Because You Loved Me&quot; and &quot;If  You Asked Me To&quot; and the gentle, soothing &quot;Beauty And The  Beast&quot; and &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;. &quot;The new songs are  awesome as well. &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot; rocks, &quot;If Walls  Could Talk&quot; is fabulous and &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your  Face&quot; is one of the gentlest and most soothing song Celine has ever  sung . &quot;All The Way&quot; is fabulous as well. &quot;Then You Look At  Me&quot; and &quot;I Want You To Need Me&quot; send chills down my spine  everytime she hits the high notes. &quot;Live&quot; is beautiful and tells  how Celine feels about retiring. To all those who said that Celine is ugly  and is bad-criticize what you can do better, OK?
0449911357|5.0|It's definately something different style-wise (which is good), and wonderful when you're looking for a book with developed and loveable characters.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I am a 16 year-old MALE and I got this CD today-and I can't stop listening to it. The CD is great! True, Cher doesn't have a wide range, but she's got a great voice and good songs. The all-mighty &quot;Believe&quot; is a dance  classic, as are &quot;All or Nothing&quot; and &quot;Strong  Enough&quot;-all of them are good! To those who say Cher is old and  therefore not good-you don't have to be under 20 (i.e. Britney Spears &amp;  Brandy) to be good. There are also singers who are known as  &quot;legends&quot;-and Cher is a legend. Buy this CD!
6305064490|5.0|It is interesting to see the number of reviews lauding or criticizing this film -- do any of you think that people thinking about purchasing this DVD (or even the VHS version) have NOT seen the movie?  Well, for those  wondering whether it is worth buying the DVD for this classic movie, I  would say yes.<br />The film quality seems surprisingly good for an older film  and quite noticably better than the VHS version.  The documentary and  tribute are both worthwhile and enjoyable additions to the DVD (although  portions include repetitious information.)<br />If you're having second  thoughts about buying it, just watch it one more time and you'll remember  why this movie needs to be a part of your collection.
0446605409|4.0|From the beginning to the very last page, the reader is anxious for the next turn of events. Aside from the engaging story line, we are constantly entertained by the &quot;attitude&quot; of the main character.  The author  has a fine ability to describe action sequences so that the reader  &quot;sees&quot; it happen. This is another winner by Demille.
630419143X|5.0|After I saw this movie it made me feel bad about giving away my toys
B000003TA4|5.0|Nevermind is the best CD ever.  It captured grunge at its height, and was the kickstart to alternative, the title of which is now thrown at everything.  Song for song, no other CD is close--Kurt's songwriting is  miles ahead of everyone else's of then and anytime.  He could be heavy and  soft, and the lyrics are imitated but never matched.  The CD has 4 hits,  all big hits--not an easy task.  Teen Spirit is the song of a generation,  and so is this CD.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I am always blasting this cd in my 4Runner. I hightly recomened this Cd it doesn't need a perental advisory label so they say the F word a couple of times. How come this has  a label and Offspring Americana doesn't have  one! E-mail me with your comment at blink18254@hotmail.com
B0000039PW|5.0|hip hop just isn't the same without him. this album has to be in the top 5 of all time.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I like very much this disc,the song &quot;I knew I loved you&quot; is so great!  I think that the letter is for people who in love without meet them.......Don't you think so? for example by internet Well,I wish so much  go to a concert of Savage Garden and sit in front of them very close,so  close that I could give them a big kiss I love Savage Garden!  They  are going to be right always! Their loyal fans! Lizeth :)
6304340486|1.0|This movie was Stallone's worst. It was cheesy, the acting was terrible &amp; the effects even at the time were just bad. Stallone is not one of my favorites, but even Cop Land was better than this excuse for a movie!  Stockard Channing really must have been desperate to be in this thing. To  go from Grease to Cobra is real doward spiral. Cobra should have been on  MST3K as bad as it is.
B00000IPAX|4.0|I love blink 182, but i have to admit that i like their &quot;older&quot; stuff more.Enema has some great songs, but it lacks their original songwriting. a few of the tracks sound too much alike (tune). even with  those minor imperfections it's still a good buy. (to really satisfy those  punk cravings, though, get dude ranch or buddha)
6303340830|4.0|After communism broke out in &quot;ROCKY IV, East vs West&quot; the &quot;Russian Fighting Machine&quot; dolph lundgren (2 Time European Kickboxing Champion! ) is back,in one of his blockbusters &quot;THE RED  SCORPION&quot; ACTION ALL THE WAY!  A MUST TO SEE!
6302732875|5.0|In 1992, Al Pacino was nominated for an Oscar and won for Scent of a Woman.  His work was equally good in this film.  Lemmon was superb.  I have seen many Jack Lemmon films.  This was by far his most outstanding role.   Baldwin was intense.  Spacey, Harris and Arkin also deliver very strong  performances.  The drama and dialogue capture you and don't let you go.   This movie is a perfect blend of emotion and intelligence, power and  passion.
B000002BFZ|3.0|I am a big Pearl Jam fan, but this CD did not impress me.  After the first five tracks they seemed to just fall into the typical whiny rock of the Counting Crows.  I still listin to this for the good music in it but there  is very little original work compared to Pearl Jam's other CD's.  This was  the first one I bought and I almost did'nt get the others just because I  did'nt like this.
B00000IAU3|5.0|me and my cousin bought the cd for the roswell song but the whole cd is a masterpiece exellent song writing and the ballads are great since i love that kind of music is my all time favorite and the first song i listen to  it over and over THIS IS A MUST HAVE ON YOUR CD COLLECTION!
B0000028UK|5.0|For those who really want a taste of Pearl Jam, purchase VS.  In my opionin it's not only their best album but also the one that really showed where they were going as a band.  If you listin to Pearl Jam's 4 other CD's  you will realize that every one has the sound of VS. on it.  Ten shows  mostly on Rear View Mirror, Vitalogy on Black, No Code on Indifference and  Yield on Go.  This is by far the CD any newcomer should get first.
B0000041A9|5.0|Listening to Richter is a different experience than listening to most pianists. He plays with a soul, dynamism and technique that are his alone.   To hear him with Rostropovich is a peak experience.  Listen to the samples  provided above.  If they don't convince you, well ...
B000002JS6|4.0|This CD has gotta be the best rock out CD ever.  Not much talent, but with songs like Back In Black, Hell's Bells and Given the Dog a Bone who cares.  Not for wusses looking for 'content' and 'meaning.'
B00002R0MC|5.0|This box set offers something for the casual reggae listener and the serious collector alike.  Where it truly stands out is in its colection of the ska and rocksteady pieces that first made the Wailers famous in Jamaica  and the Carribean.  Whereas some other collections of the band's ska and  rocksteady songs suffer from poor sound quality, this collection was cleary  re-engineered to correct this problem.
B000003TBP|5.0|Odelay is close, if not THE albumn of the decade. I'd say that 85 percent of the tracks, or better, could be successful singles breaking the top 10.  But, upon hearing the albumn, you KNOW that Beck wasn't going for that.  My  favorite track, Hotwax, would have been #1 in all the charts.  And the  majority of the tracks are equally as good.  Some, however, are an acquired  taste. Such as Rubbermaid.  But, they are as innovative, and creative, and  basically, as FUN, as the other songs.  No matter what your taste in music  is, you'll find what you like here.  You owe it to yourself to buy this CD.   You won't be disapointed.
B000001DTM|5.0|'Time is a train, makes the future the past, you're standing in the station, your face pressed up against the glass'.  I was 19 when this album was released.  I actually bought it on vinyl the week it came out.  I'm 27  now and looking back I realize that it was bigger than even I thought.   Their previous albums provided soundracks for my adolescense, this one  epitomized the feeling of uncerainty of the future while driving ahead  regardless of whats to come.  'Ultraviolet' was the first track that really  wowed me.  'Sometimes I feel like I don't know, Sometimes I feel like  checking out'.  The music to this tune and the melodic chorus still haunt  me.  While some people were miffed by the fact that this album was a  drastic departure from 'The Joshua Tree', I believe that the true beauty of  this band is their refusal to make the same album twice.  How many bands  are there that use a successful formula over and over again.  Too Many.   This album defined the potential of a new decade on the brink of a new  millenium, even though that decade failed to produce music that compared to  the energy and vitality of 'Achtung Baby'.  Thank you U2.
0812932293|4.0|This book is a revelation to people who buy the Branson image. You know Branson: -  the nice trustworthy guy who'll never let you down, the astute businessman, the caring employer, the entrepreneur who gets things done by  a combination of drive and decency. Yes, I thought so too until I read the  book. What an eye-opener! The real Branson, it turns out,  is just like  everyone else in business - risking other people's money, running up huge  overdrafts, suing his competitors, bending the rules and struggling to stay  solvent. Business genius? Well on his own admission probably not. But he's  certainly lucky. ....And unfortunately there's nothing on the business  bookshelf that'll give you advice on how to be lucky in business...You  either are, or your aren't. And he is.
B000000OU6|4.0|Forget all the &quot;Slash&quot; vs. &quot;Guns 'n Roses&quot; talk . . .  this is simply one of the best rock records you could buy.  If you aren't concerned with what is trendy or what is cool and only want  stomp-your-head-and-feet-rock-and-roll, this is the one you should buy.   Now.  Seriously
6302383366|5.0|Any one who's a fan of Cher will like this video, the songs include: I'm no angel, Hold on, We all sleep alone, Bang Bang, I found someone, Perfection, Tougher than the rest, After all, Take it to the limit, If I  could turn back time, Many rivers to cross, Fire down below and Takin' it  to the street. The singing is brilliant as can be expected, any fan of Cher  won't find this video a waste of money.
B00002Z88D|5.0|While I still believe that the Black album is their best, I think this is second best. Michael Kamen did a great job with the orchestra and Mettalica rocked hard! They picked some great songs on here. I am upset that they  didn't do either of the Unforgiven songs, but oh well. At first I was  skeptical about some of the songs on here (like Fuel and Enter Sandman) but  listening to the album took away all doubts. I said it once and I'll say it  again, this album rocks!
B00000JHAU|4.0|I first heard this album from a now ex-friend of mine. I was just sitting there in her room for about an hour when I suddenly noticed how lovely the music in the bacground was. Since then I've bought both this album and 'The  boy with the arab strap' which is the follow up. The singer, Stuart Murdoch  has a sublime and striking voice, the tunes are classic as well as being  extremely original and the sheer number of parts in the band means you get  songs which constantly reveal new surprises as well. If you're wondering  about the title of this review, the lyrics and social commentary that the  songs contain are more than enough to punch out from the smooth sounds and  the soft  singing and makes you think 'these guys are onto something'. They  fully deserve the awards they are given, and frankly they deserve many more  too. the reason I haven't given this album five stars is because nothings  perfect is it? But this album, in its genre, comes pretty close.
B000031XCR|1.0|What an aweful album it is, Celine... All you do is scream and yell.. Do you think it's music?  Do you ever know how to sing?  I think you are the most over-rated singer in the whole world. All you can do is just  screaming...
B00001U0DP|5.0|I Think that this movie is a wonderfull movie, that is perfectly acted, and directed, isaw this movie more of 10 times, and every time It Think is better. The Music is one of te most Beatifull and perfect Music ever made  for a Movie, Giorgio Cantarini a Child with and incredible gift, he acted  very well, that is the type of movie that make you think That your life  never has suffered in the same way. for That I think That the Life and THIS  MOVIE IS BEATIFULL.
B00000253N|5.0|This is Dylan at his very best. Definitely the most moving album of all time. I don't know how so many people can say he has a grating voice.
6303407188|5.0|This is one of those video's that doesn't fall into a set genre.  Yes it is a very comical reflection of Mr. Wood's life, but there is also a real sense of tragedy involved so it's a drama as well.  Still, because of the  sci-fi/horror motifs that Mr. Wood's film centered on, it could easily fall  into a sci-fi/horror classification.  It definitely has the feel of  &quot;film noir&quot; though because of being shot in black and white.  I  think this movie succeeds since it strikes a balance of all the former  mentioned aspects.
B00000IPAX|5.0|hi every1  i have to say that enema is an awesome cd but in my opinion dude ranch is better. they are more punk on dude and i think the lyrics are a little better... but i don't know... maybe it has sumthing to do with the fact that i got enema be4 dude and listened to it 24/7 until i got sick of  it. IF YOU DON'T HAVE ENEMA OR DUDE RANCH BUY THEM RIGHT NOW   they are  both awesome cds in my opinion and blink 182 is my favorite band and  obsession.
0688135455|5.0|My older brother started reading me this book when I was six.  I couldn't wait for story time any longer, took the book away from him and read it for myself cover to cover in one sitting. This book brings fantasy to  life...who could imagine a downside to being suddenly a grownup, or  &quot;beautiful as the day&quot;?  I still have thoughts of the Psammead  trying to stay out of the rain every time I pass a sand pit or quarry.<br />It  was a fantastic fairy tale then and it is today.  I am ordering a copy for  my infant daughter, but perhaps it's also for me too...
0920668372|5.0|I first read this book at a baby shower.  As it got passed around, it made everyone get teary eyed, including myself, although I have no child of my own.  I then bought this book for my mother on mothers day, to let her know that I would also love her forever, and would always be here like she was  there for me.  Now my sister is pregnant, and she too will get this book  for her new baby.  I believe every child should know that no matter what  time may bring, no matter what they do, their parents will always love you  (even if they don't really like you at the moment).
B00002Z88D|5.0|And just as good too.This is my first Metallica album and it just rules.Great for every fan new and old.Metallica does an amazing job here(duh) but the real star is the conductor who makes everything fit with  Metallica without being annoying.The violins fit perfectly with Metallica  cause they're so creepy.The best song on here is &quot;Master of  Puppets&quot; (obey your master!) and is just amazing.I've listened to a  lot of their stuff before but I just never got around to buying an album of  there's and after this it's hard to listen to anything else which might be  it's only drawback.... it's TOO good. &quot;One&quot; is simply awesome and  so is &quot;For whom the bell tolls&quot; (my favorite Metallica song). One  last thing though,is it just me or is &quot;Creeping Death&quot;, a crowd  favorite,missing? It might have been to hard to do with the symphony but  one would think so were the other ones. Or maybe it's a good thing they  didn't put it on this album 'cause it might've sucked.Think of how Nirvana  didn't include &quot;Smells like teen Spirit&quot; on unplugged but that  album,just like this one, came out perfect nonetheless.
0792839676|5.0|This was a great movie.The ending was really scary.I think that this was one of Stephan Kings best movies yet!
0783225849|4.0|Psycho is a love it or hate it movie. For some the psychological elements may be hard to grasp. It is not the type of movie that will cause you to jump out of your heart, but keeps you curious about what Norman is thinking  about. Worth watching at least once.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is by far the greatest piece of music that is in the store anywhere.This is what I call a true work of art.You'll miss something in life without this album.Go get it now.
B00000J2KX|5.0|The Shining is the best scary movie of all time! The movie is so twisted that it makes you cringe for more! Nicholson is outstanding- he plays his part with so much fire that it is hard to tell that he is sane at all. The  Shining is not your run of the mill Mike Myers movie, but a pyschological  thriller that sets your mind on a roller coaster of delightful horror and  intrigue. The ending leaves you in a somewhat confused, but fearful way  that makes you want to watch the movie over and over again. The Shining has  the perfect mix of drama, action, humor, and horror that is by far, the  best Stephen King story there is!
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is one of my favorite Beatles albums!  Unbelieveably beautiful melodies and strange little ditties go hand in hand with raw, roots rock n roll classics in this sometimes funny, sometimes eerie but always excellent  set.  If you can get past the creepiness of John Lennon singing about warm  guns and the Helter Skelter bit you'll probably enjoy this album almost as  much as those of us who have been listening to it since 1968.
038533348X|5.0|I became an instant fan of Vonnegut when I read this book.  This is certainly the best of all his novels.  His imagination is astounding; not only does he write better science fiction than most &quot;real&quot;  science fiction writers, but he also invents a believable new religion  (with a whole new vocabulary) and peppers the book with dark comedy so  black it makes the movie &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; look cheerful.  This  is not a book to read when you're depressed.  However, it is the perfect  statement of Vonnegut's manic-depressive genius.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is one of my favorite Beatles albums!  Unbelieveably beautiful melodies and strange little ditties go hand in hand with raw, roots rock n roll classics in this sometimes funny, sometimes eerie but always excellent  set.  If you can get past the creepiness of John Lennon singing about warm  guns and the Helter Skelter bit you'll probably enjoy this album almost as  much as those of us who have been listening to it since 1968.
0790734850|5.0|This movie is one of my top 10 favorites. It has so much to offer; Police action, suspense, interesting characters, sex, greed, loyality, betrayal, all set in a 40s era LA.  A must for people who like realistic COP movies.   P.S. Don't rewind the tape until you watch the actor interviews, you'll  never guess which actors are Auzzi's with strong accents.
0395645662|4.0|This book is about a teenage kid living in the far future in a manufactured &quot;community&quot;.  Everybody's day is entirely planned out.  The kid is chosen to be the next &quot;receiver of memories&quot;,  which is the person who holds all the memories of the past.  I highly  recomend this book
B000000OYN|3.0|this album was old, but especially the earliest versions of Crying in the rain and here I go again,...I like the Whitesnake early line up with jon lord and Ian paice.
B000031XCR|1.0|Celine Dion did it again...released another boring album!  I mean what kind of a greatest hits is this anyways? She probably put the other seven songs because she thinks that she doesn't have enough hits, which by the  way is true. And people, especially meeh got tired of listening to her  rather good songs but a sorry voice. I actually liked her other cd titled  Falling Into You.  Which I know better than her Greatest Hits...although  being criticized for her slutiness MARIAH CAREY's #1's album is sure way  better,although it's not her greatest hits, this album is all the way  better than Celine Dion's HITS.  And Mariah Carey is the only active  rrecording artist to have the ost hits and Mariah is the bes selling female  artist...Compare her to Celine Dion?  No, I would not compare her to Celine  cause you'll know what I'll say for the TRYING-HARD Celine. Go MARIAH!   just GO AWAY CELINE...U don't need a greatest hits album to get people's  sympathies...MARIAH! MARIAH!
B000002OX5|5.0|the who ripped out all the pop standards with this milestone record. this was the first real concept album.  the who blended various pop music ideas along with imaginative commericials to give the listener a reflection of  top-40 radio of the time.  the hits like &quot;i can see for miles&quot;  are there as well as some cleverly crafted jabs at pop radio advertizers.   the record is as exciting and relevant today as the day it was released.
079070546X|5.0|This is probably one my favorite Christmas movies of all time.  It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, especially the part he turned on all the Christmas lights.  I am planning on buying it before Christmas this  year because watching Christmas movies are only fun in November and  December.  To anybody who hasn't seen it buy it or rent it.
0399143904|5.0|This book was quite long, but i liked it alot overall.  After i read this book i went and read &quot;Without Remorse&quot; (which i think is Clancy's best).  People may not like how things happen in Rainbow, but Clancy  definitely stays within character for John Clark----especially at the end.   At first the ending disturbed me, both because of what happened and the  fact that i thought that it was a little anticlimactic.  But actually now  i'm glad that it turned out that way...I mean, this isn't a frickin' James  Bond movie. <br />I think people might have missed the irony in the book.   During the course of the book, Dr. Bellows (or whatever his name is) gives  advice to the Rainbow members regarding terrorist psychology.  He  repeatedly says that certain people/groups have their own morals or  consider themselves above morals/ethics that the rest of the world adheres  to(playing by a different set of rules, or something to that effect  anyways)---especially the groups that Rainbow confronts.  The irony is,  He's also really describing John Clark---i mean just look at the ending.   That is WHY the book is titled &quot;RAINBOW SIX&quot;.  <br />Call it  unrealistic or over the top if you like, but in my opinion, this is a great  book---second to WR.
079070546X|5.0|This is probably one my favorite Christmas movies of all time.  It is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen, especially the part he turned on all the Christmas lights.  I am planning on buying it before Christmas this  year because watching Christmas movies are only fun in November and  December.  To anybody who hasn't seen it buy it or rent it.
B000002NHN|5.0|Seldom does a recording come along that so completely evokes another era. Ms. McKennitt weaves a spell like the fabled &quot;Bards&quot; of old. The haunting melodies and period lyrics seem to transform the present into the  long distant past. Her beautiful voice is as much an instrument as the  woodwinds and strings she integrates so beautifully. This is truly an  emotionally moving and consceptually intrigueing body of work.  &quot;Mummers Dance&quot; has a wonderfully lilting yet haunted quality;  while &quot;the Highwayman&quot; tells a beautiful but tragic saga of lost  love and eternal devotion. This is not just another CD, it is anemotional  experience.
B00000IMYA|4.0|This album is invaluable simply for the first two sections of the original performance of The Newport Jazz Festival Suite. Not as tight as the studio version recorded the following week, but, Lord, does it swing! Ellington's piano playing at the start of the second section is understated and stunning. Another bonus is the opening number of the main set, a rousing version of Take the A Train. There are disappointments. The engineers have ruined Woodyard's version of Skin Deep, which was so exciting on the original LP.  (If the old version was a studio version, then honesty compels the judgment that the studio version was better.) <BR>The interminable introductions could have been removed with no loss except for historians. On the other hand, those youngsters who can stomach listening to the band's introduction several times will understand in their guts why the sixties had to happen.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|First off, I have to say this CD is really good.  It has good fast paced music and good soothing slow music as well.  This is my favorite CD and I love to listen to it.  I agree with Jules.  You have no right to bash  Jennifer.  If you don't like her, then just go on and not like her if you  want, but don't go and bash her.  That is not right.  You have no right to  say someone is good for nothing.  You can put that thought that she is good  for nothing where the sun don't shine.  I will not sit here and let people  bash her like that.  I admire her for what she has done and I like her  work.  Just leave her fans alone and let us enjoy her.   wertz44@mindspring.com
B000003TA4|4.0|I feel reluctent to jump on any band wagons, but I must agree that Nirvana's 'Nevermind' is one of the greatest CDs ever made.  It has had a profound impact on the rock music of the entire decade that no one can  honestly deny and call themselves a rock fan.  The first side (I have this  album on tape) is one solid pack of hit songs, something that few bands can  boast of.  Not only where they all released and made the charts, but a  decade after their release they are still played non-stop (has anyone heard  'Losing a Whole Year on the Radio' lately?).<br />For those who violently hate  the radio with a bitter passion the second side is true Nirvana with an  excellent show of guitar work and what I assume are stunning lyrics ;)<br />Of  note: 'Lithium', well heck everything
B00002R0MC|5.0|Bob Marley is not only the son of Jamaica but also  one of the greatest legacy of Caribbean music.  The box set Songs of Freedom is an impressive collection of the artistic expression of one of the greatest musician that  existed. Bob Marley the poet, the prophet, the rastaman, the artist.  This  box set is one of the greatest anthologies on one the greatest muscians of  this century. Thank god they rereleased this box set.  If one wants to  learn about Bob Marley and the Caribbean this box set is a definite  start.!
B00002Z88D|4.0|I am a die-hard Metallica fan, and also a big fan of classical music.  The Metallica songs shine bright on this album, but I gave it only 4 stars since Michael Kamen's conducting/arrangements felt weak when side by side  with the Metalliclassics.  Kamen's use of the orchestra was more like a  sweeping soundscape to a movie soundtrack.  It was great to hear the band  &quot;thrash&quot; out and let loose their virtuosity on their instruments,  but disappointing that the Kamen orchestra did not do the same.  The  orchestra played too many whole notes that simply filled up space and did  not inspire; oftentimes &quot;taming&quot; Metallica's aggression (which is  not a good thing when it comes to Metallica!)  Perhaps a more  &quot;serious&quot; classical conductor like the SF Symphony's own Michael  Tilson-Thomas or Chicago's Daniel Barenboim could have inspired the  violins, violas, and cellos to totally &quot;rip and tear&quot; a la Kirk  Hammett!   Nevertheless....this is a great album and definitely worth many  listens!
B000002B7M|5.0|all of the previous reviews are missing one thing: ANYTHING ozzy did was a classic,masterpiece work of art, etc. ive only been into ozzy about 5 years now, but i have heard eveything that the band blizzard of ozz has recorded  at least ten times over. i think that the selftitled album blizzard of ozz  is a great one, but if you bought any ozzy album (except black sabbath) you  get the same experience and none of the ozzy albums are a waste of  money!  this is a good album but buyall the ozzy that you can possibly  afford. if you want any  ozzy info. e-mail me
B00000JLX0|5.0|Titanic is an incredible film!  I laughed, cried, and even yelled out what a jerk Kal was in the middle of the a packed theatre on opening night. From the historical stand point Titanic remains true and the portrail is is  emotionally draining. This was a wonderful movie and I recommend it highly
B000002NAK|5.0|I loved the movie EVITA and rented it so many times, the movie store eventually sold it to me.  The songs are upbeat and there's a variety, so it kept my attention.  Banderas and Madonna made a great pair!
B000002HH9|5.0|The Cure is a band that is constantly evolving, with the changes of line-up, instrumentation and Smith's different moods for songwriting. WMS is the best example of Cure-variety ever, i can't believe there's someone  dissapointed because it may not sond like Disintegration or Pornography,  this band always reinvents itself (or Smith reinvents it?) to make  something different, in WMS they took a lot of different directions,  Smith's classic songwriting is present here (Want, Bare, This is a lie)  he's also taking back the horn element (Round3, Gone) and he's also dared  to write incredibly different songs from what he's done before, like Club  America being the kind of dumb rock song they never did, or The 13th with a  spanish rithym to it and working very well, indeed. I can also find  qualities in the &quot;insignificant&quot; tracks of this album, the ones  no-one ever talks about, like Return, Round &amp;3 or Strange Attraction,  wich are (like keyboardist R, O'donell one said) less than classic, even  though for me they're as enjoyable as any cure track.<br />So if you can get  The Cure out of the &quot;goth band&quot; stereotype, i recommend you to  buy this record.
6305165912|5.0|This movie is absurdism at its best. The Big Lebowski is perhaps the epiphany of a long lineage of zany yet insightful comedies produecd by the Coen brothers. Set in Los Angeles, the intricate plot spins around Jeff  Lebowski (Jeff Bridges) and his friends, Walter (Jeff Goodman) and Donny  (Steve Buscemi) and their adventures trying to retrieve a briefcase holding  a million dollars. It is a well filmed and superbly acted commentary on the  modern social condition. Plus its absolutely hilarious! It gets better  every time you see it. Unless you're easily offended by &quot;naughty&quot;  language, you'd have to be dead not to enjoy this movie.
0792106989|4.0|John Ford's &quot;The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance&quot; is a marvelous movie, regardless of how you feel about Westerns. This isn't a movie about outlaws, or something violent, but a study of the fight between old and new  in our society. John Wayne's rugged cowboy represents the old, untamed  west. Jimmy Stewart's refined and educated lawyer represents the order and  civilized nature of a new west. Both clearly love the land they live on in  different ways, and when the time comes to protect the people of the west  from the evil Liberty Valance (played to perfection by Lee Marvin), they  team up to save the day. In the end, Stewart's way of life, the way of  progress, wins out. However, as can be seen by the memories the major  characters have at the start of the film, the old west never really dies.  The movie is just brilliant, with all the leads in top form, especially the  forgotten Vera Miles as the woman both Wayne and Stewart love.
0792839730|3.0|The film was great as far as historical reference, but the picture quality for DVD users quite bad. For DVD a lot of white dots and it looks as though the film was not remastered first. MGM should have remastered the film  taking all the fuzz out first before making it digital. Audio  quality-great.
0800136586|2.0|Having seen the original Broadway stage production with Andrea MacArdle back in 1978,this movie version directed by John Huston is a MAJOR disappointment. The movie version should have been a wonderful expansion of  the stage original, but this was not to be. Bordering on disaster, the  movie ANNIE has little to recommend it. A former review posted here by  Carolyn says it all. The movie replaced great songs from the stage  original(NYC,etc) with horrible new ones (DUMB DOG, WE GOT ANNIE, LETS GO  TO THE MOVIES,etc). There is nothing in this film that evokes the 1930s  Great Depression era the movie takes place in (where is the HOOVERVILLE  sequence). The movie in loaded with errors in regard to time and place. For  example, if Warbucks' 5th Ave Mansion is as expansive as shown in the  movie, it would have to located in Central Park; the movie Annie attends is  CAMILLE which never played at Radio City Music Hall and premiered in 1937  (not 1933 when the movie takes place, in fact RC Music Hall opened in late  1932); in the stage version the chracters attend a performance at the ROXY  Theatre which is as it should be; the New York in the movie ANNIE is a  mixture of unconvincing Hollywood sets and poor location shots which have a  1970s look and feel(why so many modern buildings in the background). Annie  as performed by Aileen Quinn is a pint size Ethel Merman who looks strong  enough to take on an army, she exhibits little heart and comes across as a  phony. Most of the other cast members are wasted or under perform thier  roles. Which brings me to the awful finale as presented in the move; the  stage version ends at Christmas while the movie becomes a summer circus;  Miss Hannigan is carried off to jail in the original while in the movie she  is seen drunkinly riding a circus elephant. What were producer Ray Stark  and John Huston trying to do? It baffles me to this day. Watch the ABC  Disney version of ANNIE it is not as good as the stage original but much  better than this awful movie version.
0152465030|5.0|this book was written to be a childrens book, but it is so much more then that. there are lessons every adult could learn in this book. it is a fast read, and a book you will read over and over again, and everytime finding  more hidden truths within its content. i read this book over and over  again, and always find a spiritul uplift about it. i could not love a book  more, or get more out of a book, then this one. i can not recommend it  enough.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I can't tell you how much I look forward to turning this album up full-blast in my car on my way home after a stressful day at the office.  I love her interpretation of &quot;Dust in the Wind,&quot; and &quot;Only an  Ocean Away&quot; leaves me breathless.  If you buy any of Brightman's  albums -- BUY THIS ONE!
B000023VR6|5.0|This is cd is going to be a classic.  This cd will last through the test of time.  If you enjoy Dr. Dre's style of flowing beats, poetic street lyrics, all while keeping it as real as possible.  Then this is the cd for  you.  I suggest the true hip-hop or rather music fan pick this one up  quick, fast and in a hurry.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Like many others here, I had never heard of Dido until I watched Roswell (TV's best show) and heard &quot;Here with Me&quot;.  I took a chance and bought the album, and it turned out to be one of the best music purchases  I've made all year!  If you like music that's kind of moody and  soul-searching, then you will love this album.
B00000HYXB|4.0|All right.  This is where Blind Guardian put all their talent to work to create their best work.  My main criticism of their work was the manic workouts of the songs, which, in my opinion could have used a more subtle  approach.  Guess what?  They did just that on NiME, and it sounds great.   Vocal choruses are still everywhere to be found, the songs are more varied  in speed and feel, although some are a bit weak.  The album starts with a  barrage of first-rate songs though.  Into The STorm, Mirror Mirror,  Nighfall and Blood Tears have unforgettable choruses.  And although the  rest of the album is not as great, it is more than enough to have these  songs.
0684800713|5.0|The Sun Also Rises can be read as a historical document, as an example of literary style, but most of all it is a powerful work of art that explores the nature of heroism. This novel, in many ways, offers us a blue print for  surviving, healing, and overcoming the trauma of twentieth century life.  When Jake swims he is attempting to achieve some kind of control over his  life. If you don't appreciate the novel, give yourself a chance to grow and  discover that the key themes of our modern age: the recovery of lost  humanity, the quest for spiritual meaning, the attempt to fashion a code of  living--all these themes find their expression in this fine, poetic, and  great novel. If you find it difficult, slow, or boring--don't blame the  book.
B0000070QS|5.0|One of the best solo efforts in the history of power pop. A-Ha's magic is still there. I am in a serious anticipation of the new album &quot; Major Earth/ Minor Sky&quot;
B000002JR8|1.0|This is not very intelligent music.  Maybe if you are a teenager or a slow, or immature adult, you could get into this band, but otherwise I would recommend staying away.  By the way, the lyrics are among the worst I  have ever seen!  I would advise Pantera to not included them next time.  If  lyrics, songwriting, and musicianship are not important to you then here is  a band for you, but otherwise do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.
0140186395|5.0|This is the story of the everyman.  It exemplifies the idea of good and bad living within one person, and the idea that doing the right thing is always a choice, a statement of free will.  This idea is not professed by  perfect people, as the perfectly evil and the perfectly good in the novel  are the exceptions.  Those who don't fit in, don't have the ability to  understand the choice, perish by their own hands.  This books is about the  decendents of Cain, you and I.  Flawed, but forgivible.  After all, God did  not kill Cain, but sent him into the world.
B000003TAW|5.0|Wow what a great cd!  Perfect for driving and doing homework!  All the songs are totally catchy and rockin!  Don't bother with a remote control just hit play and listen to it all!   Its THAT good!  :)  enjoy it!
B00000IP3S|3.0|Blind Guardian are a much-loved band in power metal circles.  Anyone who had the guts to play this sort of metal since the beginning of the 90's and has not wavered deserves my respect.<br />To be truthful, I own only the 3  domestically available BG albums, this one being the next-to-last in their  oeuvre.  The best thing about BG is their tremendous vocalist and the vocal  arrangements, bombastically operatic in nature.  When they work, they send  shivers down my spine.  My main criticism about their approach is the busy  nature of their drumming.  Instead of subtlety, the approach is to go as  fast as possible, so it is nice when they relax a bit and throw a ballad  here and there.  &quot;Bright Eyes&quot; is one of my favorites, especially  the beginning.  A few other songs are as good, but most are mediocre in my  opinion.
B000002VSN|4.0|Just a quick review to say that this CD is almost flawless. I agree with so many of the other reviewers that a couple of weak tracks by Babyface and Diane Warren are all that hold this CD back. The gospel tracks are  absolutely stunning. Now if only Whitney would go and record an all-out  gospel album! Please?
B0000070QS|5.0|One of the best solo efforts in the history of power pop. A-Ha's magic is still there. I am in a serious anticipation of the new album &quot; Major Earth/ Minor Sky&quot;
B00002Z88D|5.0|Just when you thought the days had passed Metallica and ready for the bargin bin, Metallica puts out an album that will become legandary. If you ever though &quot;classical sucks&quot; this will shed a new light on the  whole picture of what two types of music from differant sides of the  spectrum can combine to make art. If you are a classical fan and are to  affraid to touch &quot;Metal&quot; music this is also a CD to pickup and  listen to how modern rock still has its roots in classic music.
B000031XCR|4.0|It's hard to believe that Celine Dion has been recording english albums for 10 years now.  But the music industry is greatful for everything she has done, including giving us the hits like &quot;Because you Loved  me&quot; and &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;.  I am curious as to where  Celine's first top ten song, &quot;Where does my Heart Beat Now&quot; is.   As well as &quot;Water from the Moon&quot; and &quot;Last to Know&quot;.   Celine has had more great hits than just 9!   And because Sony left some  out, I deduct a star! <br />  The highlights on this album are her remakes of  Roberta Flack's hit &quot;FIRST TIME EVER I SAW YOUR FACE&quot;.  Others  are &quot;IF WALLS COULD TALK&quot; and the amazing duet with the late  Frank Sinatra on &quot;ALL THE WAY&quot;.  If you like the Backstreet Boys,  you will like the single &quot;THAT'S THE WAY IT IS&quot; as it sounds like  it was taken right from their CD!   <br />  Celine's vocals on this album are  amazing, although the impression I get from the last two song is that she  is bored. <br />  Celine has had an amazing career and we'll miss her while  she is on hiatus! <br />  BUY THIS CD!
B00002MZ12|5.0|Excellent versions of great songs. Very nice music for a quiet evening in front of the fire...I love it.
B0000071J0|3.0|Le Orme is a fondly-remembered Italian progressive band from the 70's.  Since they were a trio with keyboards and no guitar, they have been frequently compared to ELP.  Felona e Sorona is their attempt at a concept  album.  Since they sing in Italian you either understand the language or  enjoy the atomshpere.  And of the latter there is plenty.  In my opinion  even too much.  Wedged between the 3 minute songs there are long slow  instrumental workouts that serve to sonically &quot;describe&quot; the two  opposite planets Sorona e Felona.  And although these instrumental pieces  are very evocative, they feel very long and boring.  Instead of feeling  like songs, they feel like special effects, to the detriment of the music  in my opinion.
B00000IQC8|5.0|I dread the day I sit on my porch and complain boisterously about when I was a kid, and walking 20 miles to school, in the snow, uphill, both ways, with rocks in my school bag, and so forth. (Refer to Monty Python's &quot;4  Irishmen&quot; for further details) If you can't, don't, shouldn't,  wouldn't shell out some extra cash for having the latest novelty sitting  under your TV to use the latest technology trend, then DON'T buy it. If you  can pick up the VHS version for two bucks at the pawn shop, then go buy it  and stop posting your gripes and whines where everyone can read it and mock  you and call you a silly sod! With that out of the way, this movie although  not having any actors with talent, that couldn't act their way out of a  paper bag, is funny. I wouldn't really call it potty humor, just a little  bit twisted. Certainly makes you think twice about anyone behind any  counter beaming a smile at you when you complain about how you think the  establishment should consider having a selection of your favorite gum. The  extras aren't exceptional but welcomed nontheless. Funny... funny, funny.  My 2 cents.
0380002930|4.0|I read the book in the 8th grade back in 1975. I remember going straight to the back to see how many pages and about fainted! However, once I got into it it was very compelling. It kept my attention, which was an  achievement at my age. If any middle-schooler reads this review, I would  suggest that you read at least 3 chapters before you pass judgement on it.
0684859106|4.0|I bought this book after reading about it in a magazine that also showed wonderful pictures.  Found some great recipes but was a little disappointed that there weren't many pictures.
B00001QEE6|5.0|We all know what the film is about. The question is, why buy it on DVD?  I was a bit sceptical about buying the older Disney films on DVD, thinking they would not look as good as the new ones.  I was VERY impressed with the  quality of this one.  It seems to be fully restored and without a blemish!   It sounds great and is in &quot;true&quot; widescreen.  If you love this  movie you must have it!
B00000JAQ8|5.0|What a treat this album is.  It just goes to show that it has to be a Finnish group to be this unique.  First of all, this album sounds like prototypical power metal to me ears.  Most of the musicians have impeccable  CVs and it shows, the musicianship is flawless.  But not a note is wasted.   The solo here and the fill over there are absolutely perfect.  But the  obvious standout is due to Tarja's vocals.  As soon as you hear them you  know that this is a professionally trained soprano....singing power metal!   And we should be grateful because it works.  Many of us know that many  metal bands have been utilizing waify female vocals to suffuse the  atmosphere with a delicate touch.  Well, there is nothing of it here,  because the music really rocks. And the ballads are truly sweeping in their  beauty.  If you manage to like the soprano vocals over the power metal  behind them you'll be treated to one of the most magnificient albums in  recent memory.  Tremendous.
6300216268|5.0|Harold and Maude is a classic!  It is a beautiful, twisted love story, a life-affirming black comedy.  Both Bud Cort (who can be seen briefly in recently released Dogma and Ruth Gorgon are superd. The score, all by Cat  Stevens,sets the perfect tone.  This is a not-to-be-missed classic.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|It may be me, But this CD is different is from thier debut. I loved thier debut and I patiently waited for thier 2nd album and drove a 45 minute drive the buy thier new CD the day it came out. As always, I expected the  CD to be like the beautiful debut they formed. This CD didn't stop me. We  must remember that all artists have the right to choose any style of music  they want. It's merely an experimentation process for an artist. It is our  determination whether we can accept it or not. <br />This CD was sheer genius.  It applies to the lone part of us when we need a friend the most. Savage  Garden's 'Affirmation' is a powerful addition to any CD collection and  should be recognized as a very different world of a CD. One kind of world  that sometimes no one wants to know. But is part of all of us.
B00000K0E5|5.0|I have seen each and every James Bond movie since Dr No was a theatrical release. I am student of the Bond mystique. This is very close to being the best Bond movie in a long long time. It is tempting to compare the  potrayals done by Connery, Moore, Lazenby, Dalton and Brosnan,but that  would be a mistake. Ditto trying to compare styles of movie making form  present to past. The attratcion of James Bond, is that Bond is on the edge,  the original action hero. Characters, stories and expectation evolve  constantly. Comparing Goldeneye to Live and Let Die, OR Thunderball is not  a good basis for judging this movie. Movies reflect our societal tastes,  expectations and dreams.  Bond represents what we all wish we could be, and  that is a reflection of today. In this light I have to say the Brosnan  excels as Bond and Goldeneye introduces the Bond msytique to a while new  generation. Bond endures because Bond always addresses that. We change the  world changes and 007 changes. This is an excellent Bond film, true to the  concept of Bond as is Brosnan.  Buy the DVD, excellent sound, first rate  transfer quality, and 5.1 sound. Cannot beat it.
6302227127|5.0|&quot;The Bishop's Wife&quot; has been in my family ever since I was little.  We have holiday movies we watch every Christmas and this movie is always at the top of our list.  It's heartwarming, funny and really brings  out the true meaning of Christmas.  Everyone should have a copy for their  own family to watch during the holidays.  It's wonderful.
B0000028M7|5.0|Alice In Chains make for an interesting biography.  I hope someone decides to write one someday.  Initially, they were marketed as a metal band and CBS decided to tap into the alternative market once Nirvana broke through big time.<br />Perhaps you are like me, you remember certain turning points in  your life because of the music you were listening to at the time.  And yes,  for me, Dirt was such a life-defining moment.  I was down when it was  released and there is a certain masochistic pleasure to feed the fires of  depression.  You feel down and depressed and instead of trying to come out  of it, we try to go in deeper.  And that is exactly what this album did to  me.  Down I was, and deeper I went.  This album is so intense and  depressing.  It is obvious that Layne Staley was down on himself and trying  to find release through the music.  It is rare to find such emotional  catharsis so explicit in music.  Truly gut-wrenching and powerful stuff.
B000002UUX|5.0|Rust In Peace is possibily, the finest guitar work ever recorded.  Marty Friedman's blazing solos, and Dave's heavy riffs make RIP an awesome metal album!
0394586077|5.0|I tell you now that not a single other book was more appealing to me than Autumn Twilight.  I'm a 13 year old teenager and I read this book in a week. I would have read it faster but school.  That was about 3 weeks ago.   Now, I've read the whole Chronicles trilogy and starting over again with  it.  If it hadn't been for Autumn Twilight, I would have never came to know  Tanis(my favorite male character), Sturm, Tas, Flint, Caramon, Tika,  Laurana (my favorite female character), Raistlin, Riverwind, and Goldmoon.   I love these books!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona's second outing is amazing.  While 'Tidal' was heartfelt and passionate, it had it's flaws musically.  'When the pawn...' is a perfect blend of musicianship and poetry.  She has developed a vocal style all her  own, with obvious jazz influence, and it's beautiful.  As amazing as  'Tidal' was, it pales in comparison to this intensly beautiful, original  album.  Fiona has grown, musically, spiritually and literally.
0800132009|2.0|THE DULLEST MOVIE THAT I'VE EVER SEEN!  The plot development takes forever, and the climax is just as slow.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WATCHING THIS MOVIE... if you want a good movie, then watch &quot;The Great  Escape&quot;.  That's a good movie!
B00000JGOH|5.0|I thought this was going to be one of those chick flicks. It may have been but I still enjoyed it. It had good humor and wit mixed with exceptional acting.
B000002NIW|5.0|this cd is the greatest metal cd i own, buy it now, all the songs are good, chino's singing is so good, this is like the only metal band where the singer actually has a good voice, the guitars are really crunchy and  there's a really good beat to all the songs. listen to this when your  driving, it's like the perfect music for the road
B000002KIE|4.0|It's a great album. This album is terrible. Whatever view you already have - and I think you do know this album already - then just consider the following and decide. No-one thought it would be discussed twenty years  later, let alone TWO years. The whole original plan was to make a shocking,  rather camp, disposable product to embarrass a few dinosaur acts who took  themselves too seriously. This album is professionally produced - not slung  together. Everything, from the lyrical content, the sound, the cover, the  live showcasing tactics, were carefully plotted and planned for maximum  fun. So, even though it was not meant to last, it DID, because a lot of  energy was put into the project. So what's the upshot!  It's a great album  not only because of what's coming out of the speakers, but because of the  whole circus at the time surrounding it. You should buy and appreciate it  as a relevant, entertaining art project that maybe makes you think of the  world a little bit differently. No more, no less.
0684874350|5.0|This is an absolutely wonderful read.  It gave me insights into the life my mother lead growing up in Ireland although she did not have it as bad as McCourt.  I am sad that there are others who find this book full of  &quot;blarney.&quot;  Growing up in the Catholic schools, accourding to my  mother, was hard.  Although Ireland is doing well for itself today, growing  up 10, 20, 30 years ago was difficult.  I applaud Frank for sharing his  life with people around the world.  He's a fine writer! 'Tis!
6305364648|4.0|Sure it was unbelievable but this is your typical Arnold movie. You watch it for the action and the babes!
B000002C4J|3.0|... Since when did you start developing this nasal voice? Everything was fine up till the last album - now she sounds like a BeeGee, dammit. Guess I saw it coming.
0812524586|4.0|Ender's Game: a science fiction novel by Orson Scott Card, is about a young boy named Andrew Wiggin, or Ender, who is the world's only hope for survival. The novel is placed in space and on earth in the future, where  aliens named by the human's as bugger's, have attacked and almost destroyed  human life twice in the past. The bugger's are predicted by human's to  attack a third time. But, the human's are determined to go to the bugger's  planet and attack unexpectedly in hopes of destroying them before they have  a chance to attack again. The human's have been training genius children in  hopes of &quot;transforming&quot; them into soldiers that will, later in  life, destroy the enemies: bugger's. Ender is one of the genius children in  training, but there's something different about Ender. He thinks different  than the other children and they recognize that.   Overall, I thought  Ender's Game was a good book Unfortunately though, I have never read  science fiction before and therefore have no basis for comparison. I do  know, however that Card's style of writing made it very easy to visualize  what was going on, on earth and in space. There were many times throughout  the book that Card described something with such detail that it felt as  though I was there, seeing this place, hearing these things myself. For  example Card was describing planet Eros, where Ender was going to Command  School, through the eyes of Ender. Not only did Card describe how Ender saw  Eros physically, but also how it made him feel as he saw this wierd place  for the first time. Ender saw the ceilings as awkwardly low and it did not  seem normal to him, like it wasn't a human place. It made him feel  extremely uncomfortable and it put him on edge for a few days.    Also,  Card did an exceptional job describing each character. He did such a good  job that if I was asked I could tell you detailed information about every  character, no matter how big or small there part was. No one was mentioned  in the book without at least a paragraph of backround information on them,  even if a character was only mentioned once thourghout the novel. A down  side to Card's thorough style of description is that it made the book seem  long and drawn out at times. This is what I didn't like about the book. It  seemed as though there was too much detail, at times, making some pages  boring.   I thought the irony in the book was great and well thought out.  The whole book was ironic, making it very interesting with all the  unexpectedness. Though, I already mentioned what I thought was boring in  the book, over description at times, the irony kind of contradicted all the  description. I mean by this that at times, when some part of the book  seemed long and drawn out suddenly it would end with irony, which I thought  made it interesting and worth all the boring description.    In the end,  I'm glad I read this book. It not only makes you think but it also sends  across a good message. I would recommend this book to anyone especially the  science fiction enthusiasts.
B00000DLVA|5.0|This is a great,hip,dark CD, and I love it.  I was never a big fan of the Cardigans until now.
0784010218|5.0|I purchased this movie on the DVD format and it was excellent.  The color, sound quality, clarity is outstanding.  The movie itself is very good and well performed.  The music contained in the movie is very good and sounds  outstanding with the digital sound. You have the options of wide-screen and  standard format, and the surround sound effect.  This is a great movie to  buy on DVD.  I give it FIVE stars.
1878424114|5.0|This book is not for the closed minded materialistic person whose only measure of success is the amount of material possessions he/she has.  This book is also not for closed minded individuals who are behind in their  spiritual evolution that they can't see beyond the &quot;crude matter&quot;  of our bodies and the physical world. This book is for those open-minded  individuals who want to live happy lives from a higher perspective.  A  perspective which goes far beyond the material dictates of our society and  the dogmatic dictates of organized religions.  <br />True success is being  able to be thankful for what you have and accomplishing those things which  you set your mind and effort to.  When you live without attachment, you  know from a higher perspective that the final outcome will be to your  benefit, even if the immediate outcome isn't what you want.  <br />True  success is living a life of balance and harmony.  This book's true message  is about living in balance and from a higher perspective where the only  limits you have are set by yourself.
038532653X|2.0|What an overrated book for children this is. It was hard for my daughter or myself to empathise with 'Skellig' or with the children's love for him. His character was undeveloped  beyond the morbid descriptions and habits of  his eccentric predicament. Neither were we comfortable with some of the  inappropriate language used to give the book a 'normal kid experience' or  'street cred' feel.  With there being so many more imaginative, enriching  new books out there I do sincerely wonder why this one has been so well  received. Is it perhaps an overreaction to the current success of the more  entertaining style of Rowling.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This is one great cd the pure mix of rock and rap is only matched by Rage aginst the machine.The music on this cd that makes you want turn it up and hear the bass and the words of the songs go along with every day life.
078062565X|5.0|When its all said and done, King Kong still has it over the mega budgeted thrillers of today. Its a unique marriage of special effects, music and design that works magnificently. The effects crew have given us style  rather than realism, which is entirely appropriate for the nightmare world  that Kong inhabits. Fay Wray - blasphemous as it may seem to say so -  offers us one of her lesser performances; I've seen her do far better in  other roles, but her persona is exactly right for this film. Superb film  making all the way.
6305538018|1.0|After watching this excuse for a movie, I really felt like calling up Cronenberg and asking for an hour and 1/2 of my life back.<br />What could have been an interesting premise goes nowhere, with a couple of actors that  are totally wooden in these roles.<br />The script is supposed to pass for  &quot;complex&quot;, but what it really is is shoddy writing and story  structure. Someone needs a remedial english class.<br />If you liked &quot;The  Matrix&quot;, and I did, don't waste your time with this waste of  celluloid...
6305627401|2.0|Being an avid fan of the weekly Comedy Central show, I found this movie from the gross out kings Parker and Stone to be a major disappointment. The constant profanity and singing was so annoying I lost interest in the  movie. The movie had some moments such as Cartman's theme about Kyle's mom  and the farting duo Terrence and Phillip. If you hate profanity, sexism,  and political incorrectness stay away from this movie m'kay......
B000002UR7|5.0|Creep is by far the greatest song ever made. Get this CD because this song is on it, I don't care what the other ones sound like.If you like this CD e-mail me and tell me about it. (videogamer20@hotmail.com)<br />Word out to  the guys of Reign. Thanks for the e-mail.
B00000K31V|5.0|Cronenberg returns to his more visceral style in the &quot;vein&quot; of videodrome and scanners and yet still manages to keep some of the refinement of crash here.  The contrast between technology, biology, and  the very natural wooded setting is ingenious.  Cronenberg is a a treasure  to science fiction because he gives the genre some often lacking  intellectual meat.  If its predictable formulaic hero epics your looking  for your in the wrong place. LONG LIVE THE NEW FLESH!
0684830515|5.0|I can't believe all these wet-behind-the-ear reviewers whining about how &quot;boring&quot; is The Sun Also Rises. I think they've seen too many, way too many, slick formulistic movies. All they're looking for in  literature, apparently, is a slam-bang story-line with comic-book villains  and heroes. Either that or stories that are morally edifiying in the most  simplistic way possible. It's a sad, sad commentary in this age of  &quot;Dumb and Dumber&quot; that so many people cannot appreciate the  austere beauty of Hemingway's prose. There is a literary generational gap  wider than the Grand Canyon. I'd love to know which books these Hemingway  haters find interesting these days. Besides comic books, I mean.
B000002H72|5.0|All the songs on this cd are interesting. You dont hear a single filler. This cd is mad, its so good.
B00000IQC8|1.0|After all the great stuff I had deard about Clerks, I really was predisposed to like it.  It seems just like the kind of film I would love.<br />I didn't love it.  I didn't like it either.  I just couldn't get  passed the horrible acting from virtually the entire cast.  These guys make  Kevin Costner look good.  OK I got that off my chest.<br />I was also jolted  by the consistently bad direction, and trite dialog.<br />I do admire the fact  that the film was made by a guy with a dream, and I am pleased that Kevin  Smith is becoming a mainstream hollywood type.  He certainly deserves it  more than 90% of the Joel Schumackers of the world, and as a student film,  my expectations would have been met, but after reading all the reviews here  and elswhere, I was really shocked at how bad this film turned out.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|Yeah, I know this movie is great, as well as the DVD edition, but I would really like it if somebody who owns this collector's set would share his/her thoughts on the extras (not the DVD extras, but the lobby cards et  al, and specially the book).<br />Thanks! :-)
B000002UQJ|5.0|Off the Ground is a great album accompanied by a great tour. This album makes me feel wonderful every time i'm listening to it.Almost every song has a special message in it(but after readin the previous reviews i see  that you have to be a certain type of person to get it) and there's nothing  wrong with the fact that Paul likes to express his ideas and ideals in his  songs(i wish i didn't have to keep my review short and were able to talk  about every one in detail). Most songs have a good melody and an  interesting sound. Certainly all people are different and different things  appeal to them, but that shouldn't be the reason for critisising what you  cannot appreciate. There's nothing wrong with expressing environmental and  social concerns in music and those who doesn't like it do not have to  listen, but that doesn't change the idea of it.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Truly speaking, Fiona Apple must be the female version of Beck. Fusing all kinds of grooves and rhythm into her impeccable music on this album, listenin to When The Pawn is like continuing from where she left us off on  Tidal. Sounding more mature with less anguish, Fiona adds a jazz touch to  her songs which covers both depth and artistry. Whereas other similar  age-group females are crooning teeny-bopper stuff, Fiona is truly and  definitely more mature and endearing. EXCELLENT tracks include To Your  Love, Paper Bag, Mistake, Fast As You Can and The Way Things Are. The  twists and turns are especially unexpected in the 1st single FAST AS YOU  CAN! You go girl!
B00000K19E|5.0|Heard alot of great reviews about this movie, you need to add this to your collection. You have to watch it a few times as so many items change and you watch it over and over again to pick up items otherwise lost. You  really need this film in your collection...
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is an awesome movie! It is my favorite. I love the special effects.
0767805534|5.0|This movie is one of those movies that just freezes a moment in time!  Three legendary actors in one of the most socially honest movies ever written.  I just didn't like the ending!
B000002H6C|5.0|This is a great cd.  It's hard to say that it is one of Metallica's best because I love all of their music.  Some of my personal favorite songs on the cd are &quot;Eye of the Beholder&quot;, &quot;ONE&quot; (great song),  &quot;Harvester of Sorrow&quot;, &quot;To Live is to Die&quot;, and  &quot;Dyers Eve&quot; is pretty cool too.
0140434143|5.0|After reading all of her other works beforehand, 'Mansfield Park' struck me, like many readers, as almost told by a different person from the Austen we know.  It is darker, much more humourless (the scenes of comedy are much  less evenly spread, and even then they are tainted despairingly sarcastic  rather than her usual warm irony), and with a very different heroine.  It  would appear a quieter, if more intelligent version of Harriet Smith from  'Emma' has taken centre stage here--that is, meek little Fanny  Price.<br />Don't despair.  It's brilliant as always.<br />To begin with, this  time Austen's novel contains much more 'action'--what I mean by that is her  prose actually describes her characters doing things, even with a touch of  ! dramatic climax!  to them, something she'd never done before.  (Apart  from a few scenes of Lydia's wedding in &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;,  Austen's novels usually just contain large blocks of dialogue between  characters with the occasioanl longer expositional block detailing the  passage of time.)  The arrival of Sir Thomas, for example, at the end of  volume one, is, surprisingly, thrillingly done with no small amount of  adrenaline shocked into the reader, knowing what exploits he will catch his  children in the middle of.<br />The humour is a sad loss, but then in this  novel Austen deals with more 'racy' topics than her usual, which she  probably felt deserved even more severe treatment than she would normally  dispense to her characters through her razor-sharp tools of irony.  The  moral quotent, therefore, is much higher than normal--then again Austen  never featured a married woman's affair before, did she?<br />The last thing  other readers complain about is the lack of any attractive characters in  the novel, save Fanny's older brother, William Price (I'd agree there--he  was delicious!).  Many people dislike and even detest little fanny, after  the 'spirited' and 'lively' exploits of Elizabeth Bennet and her  kin.<br />Notice how often the word 'lively' is linked to the poisonous Miss  Crawford in this novel, and I think you'll see she was trying to make no  small point about how dangerous an over-'spirited' girl could get!<br />I  don't understand this hate of Fanny.  Is it just because she's a  disappointment from Eliza?  Because she's morally invincible?  Because she  turns down the dashing hero (Henry Crawford) to marry boring but steadfast  old Edmund?  I can't find sufficient evidence to hate her in ANY of the  above.  She's a pleasant, intelligent, charmingly emotional little  girl--certainly a pleasant change from that spoiled brat Emma  Woodhouse.<br />My concluding statement is this:  MP is a very enjoyable  novel, if somewhat different from Austen's other works.  Even if you come  away wishing Fanny Price would drop dead on her pious little head, you  should still read it.  It's moral lessons are important, it's characters  are vital additions to Austen's repetoire, and it reveals a very important  shift in Austen's attitude in later life.  Read it, please.
B000001DTM|5.0|For all you doubters you are either not listening to it enough if at all or you are jealous that U2 can create such bloody great music. This album needs some getting used to but the end result is startling. Once connected  every songs is a masterpeice on its own. Never doubt this album before  you've given it time
B000003TA4|5.0|Looking back at this from the end of the decade, it's obvious that Nirvana started the 90s.  First of all, grunge.  They made it, and they ended it.  It provided a new medium for musicians, and even now it influences music.   It was said that Kurt died cause he wanted to take what he created to the  grave with him, but he's failed.  This album will live forever as a rare  and great thing.  Rock on!
B00000AOUD|5.0|Great album, very original, and well structured. However, contrary to popular beliefs that child prodigy (Bostock) never existed, and everything, including the lyrics where made by Anderson as a sort of gimmick. Makes the  concept behind it look cheap and it put me down when I found out.<br />But the  music still kicks it up!
B0000029AP|5.0|This is the 3rd best album ever made behind Dark Side of The Moon and Boston's first.  Every song on this album is good. I have not been able to say that except for about 3 or 4 I have ever heard.
0440219078|5.0|I read this book a few years ago and still find it thought provoking and  interesting.  I remember how Jonas gradually discovered that he was  different from the normal person he was expected to be and then eventually  broke awawy from the mold that was being made for him.  This book gives the  reader courage and forces them to take another look at the world of today.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I wasn't going to write a review until I saw some of the negative comments.  See, all of those people that think Metallica &quot;sold-out&quot; with Load just can't percieve creativity or new  things.  Metallica proved that they were a great speed-metal band (or  whatever you call it) and decided to expand their horizons.  They evolved  and challenged themselves- something alot of good bands do.  I think with  S&amp;M they just took it up a lot of notches.  The symphony doesn't always  work perfectly with their music, but when it does..oh baby.  Call of the  Ktulu is like a 10 minute eargasm of musical goodness and its even better  when you add the San Fransico Orchestra!  So if your into that sort of  thing - you know - incredible music made by awesome musicians...then buy  this cd.
B00002MZ12|5.0|When Alanis released &quot;Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; last year a lot of people declared that she was &quot;over&quot;. Nobody was supposed to like Alanis Morissette anymore. The album sold 3 million, and  that's is supposed to be a disapointment ? The reason &quot;unplugged&quot;  is so great is because it gives those of us that can't get to Alanis's  concerts a chance to hear what she would sound like if we could go to one.  ALanis voice is sweet when it isn't over produced and she sounds more real;  like she really means it. &quot;That I would be good&quot; is a stunning  song that really tugs at memories of notting hill's &quot;i'm just a girl  asking a boy to love me&quot; speech. There are four songs here that  weren't included on her other albums, and they are all great, especially  the cover of the Police's &quot;King of Pain&quot;. If there were ever any  sceptics, Alanis IS back (not that she ever left) and I hope some of those  fans who loved Jagged Little Pill pick up this album because she redoes  most of the hits from that album. Unless of course they won't listen to  this new album because they aren't &quot;supposed&quot; to liek Alanis  anymore ?
B00001U0GQ|5.0|AUTHENTIC!  Sets and dialogue we see a bit of history that seems to be void of Hollywood propaganda and political correctness, JUST THE HISTORICAL FACTS IN THE BACKDROP OF THE STORY! Wich seems to be so difficult for  Hollywood to deal with and makes this movie so compelling not to mention  the powerful music score Thanks Mr. Mann
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This is an excellent CD. Fiona picks up the &quot;angry chick&quot; crown that Alanis seems to be leaving behind. Her songs seem to have much more melody and catchier hooks than tidal. Just about all of these songs are  potential singles. Apple has a strong voice, and I really look foward to  watching her grow as an artist !
B00000BKDW|4.0|Powerslave is a great album, but it has only 8 songs, while the 4-5 are great. The other, like &quot;Back In The Village&quot;, &quot;Powerslave&quot; are not so great for Maiden. If you're a Maiden fan,  buy it, but if you aren't...
B00000BKDW|4.0|to&quot;listener from philly&quot;, this album was/is awesome.  Better yet, I actually had the good fortune of going to see &quot;Poweslave&quot; the tour.  By far one of the best I have ever been too. It'd be worth the  price of today's concert tickets. ACES HIGH
B0000026NC|5.0|This is a excellent live album.the live version  of &quot;shine on your crazy diamond&quot; is fantastic. Every song is good.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I purchased this album in July, and rarely since then has any other cd seen the inside of my player.  I love this album.  <br />In my opinion, the  best part of the album is &quot;Ice cream.&quot;  It is so different from  most of her other songs, and it is great to hear her sound like she's  actually having fun.  <br />There are several songs, though, that I would have  liked to have heard live. &quot;Full of Grace&quot; is at the top of that  list.  But, given the time restrictions, a Sarah fan could not ask for  anything more.
B0000026NC|5.0|This is a excellent live album.the live version  of &quot;shine on your crazy diamond&quot; is fantastic. Every song is good.
B00002Z88D|5.0|i love classical music,and i really love rock &amp; roll. others have tried to convert there rock music into classical without success in my opinion.it always sounded like elevator music to me.so when i heard  metallica was coming out with an album of them doing there songs with a  symphany orchestra i said to myself this is going to be another  rock(heavymetal) group going were they should fear to go.but after hearing  &quot;wherever i may roam&quot; on the raidio i couldnt beleive it.i was  astonished by how well it blended together.it was exact.now i dont have to  be torn between listening to classical or rock.i can have them both.this  was metallica's boldest feat yet,and it proved to be exemplifying.very  innovative.BROVO!
B0000026NC|5.0|I Love this CD.this beats everything in the world. the live version of SHINE ON YOUR CRAZY DIAMOND is fantastic.every song is great.
B000000H57|4.0|FOR ME TYPE O NEGATIVE IS ONE OF THE BEST BANDS EVER I THINK THAT BLODDY KISSES IS A 5 STARS AND OCTOBER RUST IS 4 STARS AND WORLD COMING DOWN IS 3 STARS I REALLY WOULD LIKE IT MORE IF IT WASN'T SO SLOW.
B0000026NC|5.0|I Love this CD.this beats everything in the world. the live version of SHINE ON YOUR CRAZY DIAMOND is fantastic.every song is great.
0393314804|5.0|A wid hiv tae sae that this is wanae they books that make yi laugh  ootloud. A started readin it in the boozer and ended up in a fit, wae everboby lookin it me.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I bought this album on impulse--there was just something about Savage Garden looking at me from the front of the CD that told me I had to own it.  Once I started listening I was far from disappointed, I was elated.   &quot;Affirmation&quot; got me jumping around both from the beat and from  the powerful message it conveyed.  &quot;The Animal Song&quot; is of course  a fun favorite from &quot;The Other Sister&quot; but it is a giant among  giants with the other tracks.  SG tells it all from love to friendship to  loss to obsession.  If you are a pop fan, a SG fan, a love song fan or just  like good rhythms in the music you listen to (not to mention one of the  greatest tenors in music today) then this CD is a must.
6304147589|4.0|Like another of the reviewers on this service, I was in the audience during the opening week of Heaven's Gate in Manhattan.  When I read in the newspapers a week or so later that it had been panned and was considered a  &quot;disaster,&quot; I was puzzled.  I still am.  The most puzzling  comment of all that I have heard through the years is that the film is  &quot;incomprehensible,&quot; or &quot;has no plot.&quot;  I have no  earthly idea why anyone would say that.  Is it because we have become so  used to short films that don't require us to think?  The film's plot is  very simple and very easy to follow.  I don't know how anyone could be  confused by it. <br />I'm also puzzled by negative comments about the acting.   I had always loved Kristofferson's music, but until this film I felt that  he was a lazy actor.  Heaven's Gate made me a fan.  The final expression on  his face, frozen in pain, is exquisite.  Christopher Walken, John Hurt, Sam  Waterston, Jeff Bridges, Isabelle Huppert, Geoffrey Lewis, and Richard  Masur are superb.<br />This film is a perfect comment on the Reagan years in  American politics, although it was released only a month after his  election.  The idea of government troops swooping down on the side of big  money has never been portrayed better.  To those who have never seen the  film, or those who inisist that it has no plot, I recommend that you rid  your minds of all prejudice, and become ready to watch a film that will  challenge the mores of American society.
B000006NPY|5.0|Never question taste. I can understand how people might not like the album if it doesn't suit their taste, but their reasons seem not to make sense. Most negative reviews stated either that it was a &quot;flowery&quot;  album, or that it was too dark and depressing for them. The truth, I think,  lies somewhere in between. Just because it's quiet doesn't mean it's happy  or flowery, but it doesn't neccesarily mean it's too dark or depressing. It  has songs of both types, as well as excellent songs that fit neither of  these molds, and are merely quieter than most of their siamese dream songs.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|i thought this movie was great and i especially enjoyed the romance between keenan and joan, i thought it was warm and touching...
B00000K19E|5.0|ThE mAtRiX iS tHe BeSt MoViE i HaVe EvEr SeEn!  AlL tHe SpEcIaL eFfEcTs MaKe ThE mOvIe So ReAl!  If YoU aLrEaDy HaVe SeEn It ThEn YoU kNoW wHaT i Mean.  If YoU hAvEn'T sEeN iT, tHeN mY SugGeStIoN iS 2 gEt YoUr A$$ oUt Of  ThE hOuSe AnD gO sEe It!
B000020617|5.0|grows on me every time i listen, my favorite songs off the album change every week because all the songs are so good. Melodies are more of a strong suit on this album. As usual Daves drums are the basis with complementing  guitars. I think that fraternity(australian bonus track) should have been  released world wide so everyone could bask in it's brilliance. I'm already  itching for their next album.
B000009O8A|3.0|This exploitation flick will,no doubt,be more appreciated by fans of the genre than mainstream movie fans. However,I think mainstream audiences should take a look at this,though. The plot,based on a true story,concerns  a woman who is brutally raped. She gets her revenge by killing them all.  Many viewers,not new to the genre,will be shocked by the extreme violence.
B000000WFF|1.0|Why are you people giving this stuff five stars?  the spice girls have bombed again with yet another CD of sickening sugar. Don't buy this CD it is a waste of money!
B000002NJS|4.0|I am a major fan of Madonna's. I love her new album, but I think she should really stick to her own style.  This new thing of her being  spiritual and her spiritual music just doesn't go with Madonna. Let's face  it.<br />I must say there are some great songs on the album...  Frozen, Power  Of Goodbye amoung others.  <br />I think Madonna should continue singing songs  like:  Borderline, Live To Tell, Open Your Heart, Express Yourself... these  are some of the songs that made me one of Madonna's biggest fans!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I heard 'I Knew I Loved You' and just about died. It is a touching song,and,it reminds me of my boyfriend Evan.GET THIS CD WHILE IT'S STILL IN STOCK!
8185300453|5.0|The only thing you should be doing while reading it is to forget all you've learned so far. Just glide thru the pages as you will start to realise what really real is. But the most important issue is not to be able  to comprehend what's written inside but to start livin' it. Easy to say,  easier to do, but not done in most of the cases. If you think you require  time take your time, but really you don't need time at all. Frankly, I did  and I still do. But your case is gonna be your case and mine mine, till as  he says there's no u or me or whatever but merely the reality. Hope to  reach it soon, though we know it's only here anyhow!
0767836286|4.0|Definitely worth seeing.  Do not read any reviews or watch any trailers.  This movie is much better without any prior knowledge.  A must for anyone who likes intelligent suspense.
B000002GK1|4.0|My fav. Soundgarden song is on this album 'outshined'.  Some of the stuff on it it a bit painful for me to listen to (ex.- Jesus Christ Pose)  although all the songs are meaningful, and dark, beautiful and loud, they  remind me of the days of spandex and featherd hair.
0784010188|5.0|This is the best film ever made.Special FX and sound is unbeliveble.I have sean T2 23 times and i gonna look it 1 000 000 more.I recomend!
076783819X|2.0|My review may be tainted by my distaste for Jeff Bridges, but his presence throughout this movie is a real downer. The man is a ham, an eye-sore. This performance is typical of his recent work. Robbins, on the other hand, is  brilliant as always. Cusack an excellent supporting actress as well. The  plot is OK, the cinematography fine. You get a little lost, but then again  you are supposed to I guess. The ending is not storybook, which is a  welcome change to most of the garbage that we see these days. However, it  is entirely implausible. And for a master plan to hinge on so many  variables takes away from the overall movie. However, if this was Harrison  Ford playing the sad paranoid, with many of the easily discardable scenes  cut out, this movie could have been far more digestible.
B000002JSN|5.0|I remember listening to this album for the first time with my best friend 18 years ago as we drove through the mountains.  The album was already 6 years old (! Oh my goodness!) and we marvelled at how most of it sounded  new, and very fresh. A cathartic experience to us with the early eighties  music coming out. This was 1981! And oh, how interesting it sounded! A lot  of the material from this album has not been over played on the radio.   Some of it has been, but not all!  It is like making a new discovery with  some of the songs. We were not very sophisticated teenagers, who is! We  both loved Zep, but it took us some time to be able to afford a double  album.  I came up with the money when I found it at a thrift store  second-hand and taped it for playing in the car.  Some of it did sound  dated to us in 1981, but it was so fascinating to listen to.  The range of  the songs - the eclectic mix, the musicianship, the lyrics driven by the  incredible voice of Robert Plant.  I still cannot, to this day, understand  why the critics were so harsh on Led Zeppelin.  They made so many doors fly  open for me by their music.  I still enjoy listening to these songs,  although admittedly, I do not very often.  I will have to purchase this CD  and reawaken to the awe I felt driving through the mountains with my best  friend all those years ago.  I don't think it is lost just yet...
0395389496|5.0|This story is so filled with what the true meaning of Christmas is all about: of love and giving. It's a story for the young and the old as well.This book is forever a classic in our home,to read over and over through the long winter nights.
B000002J1U|5.0|I own all of the albums because they are just the most incredibly gifted band of all time.  This is one of my favorite CD's.  It is mellow, expressive, and very folksy.  You might not expect it from the hard rocking  behmouths, but they were an incredibly versatile and extraordiarily  talented band. The third album exemplifies this fact.  You can enjoy this  album on a rainy, mellow morning.  It does sound a bit dated, but some of  the tracks were so ahead of their time that they sound like they could be  new cuts from a modern New Age band! The CD ends on a certain eerie note  with the song &quot;Hangman&quot; which took me awhile to appreciate I will  have to admit.  This album has always been a soothing tonic to me  otherwise, a very blusey delving into the emotions.  For people who say  that this album isn't &quot;ZEP&quot;, I say to them that you don't even  know the full range that these guys could master in their day!
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine has created a mesmerizing album that brought me to tears the minute I heard &quot;Then You Look At Me&quot;. It expresses so beautifully the indescribable feeling when your true love looks at you. I bought the CD  this afternoon and have listened to it 6 or 7 times already. &quot;That's  the Way It Is&quot; even surpasses &quot;To Love You More&quot; which had  been my favorite before today. It's her best album yet and the new songs  are outstanding. Anyone who can appreciate the sheer greatness of her voice  should buy this immediately.
630562285X|5.0|La caracterizacin y las buenas tomas junto con el sonido hacen de esta pelicula una aventura extraordinaria, la recomiendo altamente, lastima que el precio es un poco elevado en comparacin con cualquier otra pelcula en  el mercado, pero si te atreves no perderas tu dinero!
6305451591|5.0|I had no idea what I was getting in to when I went to see &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; (with subtitles) last winter. I adored the first half: the camera work, the characters, the script, the setting, the humor,  everything. When Guido and Joshua were ordered to the concentration camp, I  was stunned. I'd had no idea it had anything to do with the war. But quite  obviously it does and never have I been so moved in my life. The fact that  a father could keep his son from seeing the sickening fascist atrocities  all around him and shelter his innocent (and adorable) eyes from the  darkest act in the history of mankind was spellbinding. And when Guido  plays the opera that he and Dora went to over the victrola, I sobbed.  Throughout the entire second half of the movie I sobbed. I have never cried  so hard in my life, let alone at a movie. I left the theatre in sorrow and  happiness at the same time. Nothing has moved me so much. Everyone should  see this movie to see what a noble cause we were fighting for.    When my  roommate rented this movie dubbed in English I was appalled. I thought it  would ruin the sheer beauty of the film. The italian language is so  beautiful, and it made the movie that much greater. But I was stunned. The  dubbing was impeccable and didn't sound like dubbing at all. It was  magnificent. Whichever version you can get your hands on, do it, and  witness the most breathtaking film to date.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|All year long I have been waiting to see who would receive the title of &quot;album of the year&quot; on my personal charts. That album has been released by a musical genius who so far has been more misunderstood than  appreciated. &quot;When The Pawn...&quot; is the fulfillment of the promise  made by Fiona on her debut album; an amazing musical experiment, a great  combination of deep (it's deep people, not weird) lyrics, a sultry voice,  and excellent musical arrangements. I'm more than glad to see Fiona taking  on a slightly new direction  making use of elements not seen or heard on  her debut album.  It is important to note that this work is less  piano/melodic driven than &quot;Tidal&quot; -which still ranks as one of my  top ten albums of the past 2 decades- and more focused on experimenting  with the jazzy-bluesy feeling that this artist had shared with us on her  previous effort. Tracks like &quot;On the Bound,&quot; &quot;Limp,&quot;  and &quot;Paper Bag&quot; are outstanding in presenting Fiona's maturity in  vocal and writing power.  Likewise, they stand out ib their impeccable  combination of Fiona's piano and other elements of percussion as well as  some loops.  In this regard this album compares with Tori Amos' &quot;From  the ChoirGirl Hotel&quot; and Suzanne Vega's &quot;99.9F&quot; both of  which meant gigantic leaps for the artists into the experimental fields of  music.  Some listeners may find that a general sense of anger and sadness  prevails through most of the tracks, especially on tracks like &quot;Get  Gone&quot; (my favorite) and &quot;Love Ridden&quot; but you cannot expect  an artist like Fiona, after what you heard on &quot;Tidal&quot; to be  singing happy ditties. To make this brief, anyone who is into powerful  performers, especially female musicians, will be captured by this gem. If  you've never heard of Fiona or if you were turned off by her darkness the  first time around, I recommend you to still give it a try, listen to tracks  like &quot;To Your Love&quot; or &quot;Fast as you Can&quot; and you'll  agree on how extraordinary this album is. I rest my case :)racks  like &quot;To Your Love&quot; or &quot;Fast as you Can&quot; and you'll  agree on how extraordinary this album is. I rest my case :)
B000009ED0|5.0|I've saw these guys at the woodstock99....on TV that is.First I thought these guys were just bad guys saying the &quot;f word&quot;.But after I heard these guys singing,they were better then I thought they were.I mean  they were great.Even better than Rage Against The Machine.So just buy  it,OK?
B00000DHR0|4.0|If you want your holidays to truly be special, get this album.  Celine's voice, as usual, is amazing, and she creates a real mix of standard holiday favorites and original numbers that are sure to become standard Christmas  songs as well.  No one can deny the glory of Celine's voice in &quot;O Holy  Night,&quot; or the versatility of it in the jazzy &quot;Blue  Christmas.&quot;  &quot;God Bless Us Everyone&quot; is the next big holiday  song.  One problem: not everything on this CD is for Christmas.  &quot;I'm  Your Angel&quot; and &quot;The Prayer&quot; are possibly her best duets  ever, but they have nothing to do with Christmas.  Still, for any Celine  fan or lover of Christmas music, this album is a must for your collection.
6304493681|2.0|The animation is great, some of the best I've ever seen. Fluent movement. The plot, however, came together towards the end and in the beginning was not understandable. The anime was a dissapointment compared to the manga by  my favorite artist Masamune Shirow. I suggest the manga. I don't see where  the anime ties in.
0783235968|1.0|&quot;Is this heaven?&quot;  &quot;No, it's Iowa.&quot;  No, it's purgatory, movie-going purgatory.  Push the obligatory Norman Rockwellesque buttons, slather on the schmaltz with a trowel, throw in the  cute-as-a-button little kid, stir well ... Kevin Costner is wooden, Amy  Madigan is brain-dead, Timothy Busfield is at his annoying worst (or is it  best?).  For a decent baseball flick, how about &quot;Bull Durham&quot; or  &quot;The Natural&quot;?  As the movie sez &quot;Ease his pain&quot;.   Yeah.  Let the viewer go.
B000000OA6|5.0|I got Innuendo when it first came out in early 1991 and was excited by this comeback album on first listen. Headlong and the title track were the first two new songs I had heard prior to the album's release. <br />Man what a  great album! , Innuendo is a fantastic song which features another great  guitarist in Yes' Steve Howe. I'm Going Slightly Mad is a gleefully fun  song. Headlong is a classic Queen song The Hitman and Ride The Wild Wind  are two future classics. Delilah is a cute and playful song that seems to  be about Freddy's cat. Bijou is a haunting track with a piercing Brian May  guitar solo and a brief lyric from Freddie. The two most moving  songs..These Are The Days Of Our Lives and the all out finale The Show Must  Go On. I had no idea of Freddie Mercury's condition at the time but by the  end of that year he was no longer with us. Listening to it now, one cannot  help but get choked up. <br />Brian May, John Deacon, Roger Taylor and Freddie  Mercury simply deliver one of their greatest albums period...Long Live  Queen.
0425170349|1.0|I think Mr Clancy has given in to pressure to produce or he had a ghost writer do this book from an outline. All my favorite characters were present but the book lacked his normal attention to detail and the story  seemed to be aimless and not sure where it was trying to go. the bad guys  were presented as a bunch of misguided militant vegetarians, (Vegans) and  environmentalists who couldnt see the forest for the trees, the thought of  killing every man woman and child on earth to advance the causes of  enviromentalism and animal rights was just a little to much to swallow. I  wish Mr Clancy would back up and re-group and write a story about Mr Clark  during his hey day at the CIA. If you have a 10 hour flight and this book  is all you have to read, then go for it. It will be better than staring at  the walls!
B000000OA6|5.0|I got Innuendo when it first came out in early 1991 and was excited by this comeback album on first listen. Headlong and the title track were the first two new songs I had heard prior to the album's release. <br />Man what a  great album! , Innuendo is a fantastic song which features another great  guitarist in Yes' Steve Howe. I'm Going Slightly Mad is a gleefully fun  song. Headlong is a classic Queen song The Hitman and Ride The Wild Wind  are two future classics. Delilah is a cute and playful song that seems to  be about Freddy's cat. Bijou is a haunting track with a piercing Brian May  guitar solo and a brief lyric from Freddie. The two most moving  songs..These Are The Days Of Our Lives and the all out finale The Show Must  Go On. I had no idea of Freddie Mercury's condition at the time but by the  end of that year he was no longer with us. Listening to it now, one cannot  help but get choked up. <br />Brian May, John Deacon, Roger Taylor and Freddie  Mercury simply deliver one of their greatest albums period...Long Live  Queen.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Being a long time Santana listener and aficionado it was a foregone conclusion that I would purchase SUPERNATURAL. While I would never rate every Santana release 5STARS this one gets it from me. For me, SUPERNATURAL  contained more than it's share of surprises. <br />First off, the highest  Latin Groove, as well as, Spanish lyrics content of any previous Santana  album. Collabration with Mexican Rockers en Espanol-Mana on &quot;Corazon  Espinado&quot; (my personal fav) show the legacy of Latin-Rock (past,  present and future). A politically charged social commentary,  &quot;Migra&quot; (Santana has never laid down a song as heavy as that  before!). And the biggest surprise, the hit song &quot;Smooth&quot;. At 52,  brotherman Carlos is back on top, first time in about 30  years!<br />People,people, run out and get this one, there's at least four  more potential radio hits on SUPERNATURAL. Keep making those guitars laugh,  sing and cry Carlos - WEPA !
630562285X|5.0|i have not yet seen the complete dvd, but i have seen the trailer in a movie house and i would like to purchase the dvd  thank you ps from what i have seen in the trailer it looks like a very exciting movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Being a long time Santana listener and aficionado it was a foregone conclusion that I would purchase SUPERNATURAL. While I would never rate every Santana release 5STARS this one gets it from me. For me, SUPERNATURAL  contained more than it's share of surprises. <br />First off, the highest  Latin Groove, as well as, Spanish lyrics content of any previous Santana  album. Collabration with Mexican Rockers en Espanol-Mana on &quot;Corazon  Espinado&quot; (my personal fav) show the legacy of Latin-Rock (past,  present and future). A politically charged social commentary,  &quot;Migra&quot; (Santana has never laid down a song as heavy as that  before!). And the biggest surprise, the hit song &quot;Smooth&quot;. At 52,  brotherman Carlos is back on top, first time in about 30  years!<br />People,people, run out and get this one, there's at least four  more potential radio hits on SUPERNATURAL. Keep making those guitars laugh,  sing and cry Carlos - WEPA !
B00002MZ12|5.0|Well, I bought this one and I can't pull it out from my CD player!  I loved her &quot;Supposed&quot; and &quot;Jagged&quot; albums but this is like playing them in slow motion and enjoying every exciting moment.   Joining You and I Was Hoping were great (very slow and emotional) and I  loved the Happy version of Head Over Feet. the new song (no pressure...) is  one of her best tracks ever!  Run &amp; Buy!
0920668372|5.0|When I first came across this book in a bookstore, I had to drag Kleenex  out of my pocket because it made me cry.  Many of my friends who have young  children have read it and all think it is wonderful.  <br />For me, it  synopsizes the depth of love you feel for your child and the ultimate  reward you reap from your loved little ones.<br />I only found one drawback. I  find it hard to read out loud to my children because I cry while reading it  (still!!).  My husband said that he thought it was a really sweet  story.<br />I agree that some people are reading too much into some of the  little touches the author adds.  It's just a sweet story.<br />This is a story  to read after you've had a tough day with your little ones.
6302491940|5.0|I grew up with The Italian Job in the UK.  It was one of those films the BBC used to show all the time.  My friends and I have been watching the video for years - we put it on whenever a boozed-up night of shouting out  the classic lines is required, e.g. &quot;He was put away for doing  something disgusting with a net.&quot;  Just typing it in makes me laugh,  see the film and you'll see what I mean.  Add to that a bizarre Mini car  chase, a singalong Cockney soundtrack and an authentic swinging London 60s  setting and it's a must-see.
0375405208|2.0|Ken Follet really falls short in his latest book.  The Hammer of Eden contains none of the character devices, which Follet used in his past books to capture the reader's attention, such as espionage and deceit.  Sure, The  Hammer of Eden has the classic Follet plot, with revolutionary elements and  told from the point of view of the antagonist.  But this book falls short  of some of his classic masterpieces such as Triple, Eye of the Needle, Key  to Rebecca, and Night Over Water.<br />  I believe Follet needs to stick to  his greatest gift, writings of espionage, instead of the contemporary time  period and Eco-terrorism.
0553278398|5.0|Awesome! The way this book evolves and ties us up in its net and then, at the end, just slaps us in the face with its astounding finale! I even think that it's worth reading just for its end... Really, just order it, or run  to your local bookstore, because you gotta have this baby! Go get it, and  be amazed.
0312853238|5.0|My boyfriend had read this book years before me and suggested I read it, now I suggest it to you. I am not realy into sci-fi but this book changed my opinion of sci-fi. I found the book to be enrapturing.It was non-stop  edge of my seat reading. I have read almost the whole series and will  continue to read Mr. Cards' excellent work.
B000007OY0|5.0|I saw this movie when it was first released and have watched it at least a dozen times since then.  Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman give amazing performances.  I read  that Robbins really had to fight to get the role of  Andy but when you watch the movie, you can't imagine anyone else playing  the role. There is a scene about halfway through the movie where Freeman  and Robbins are talking in the prison yard.  Once you see that scene you'll  see why Robbins got the part.  You will know that there is no one else who  could have done that scene better.  It's my favorite part of the movie.   Yeah, the movie itself might be a bit too long, but every scene adds to the  film's greatness.  The ending is well worth the wait.This movie is based on  the novella &quot;Rita Hayworth and the Shawshank Redemption&quot; from the  book Different Seasons by Stephen King.  I read the book before I saw the  movie and I can tell you that there is nothing left out of the movie.  However, if you haven't seen the movie first, watch it and then read the  book so that the ending isn't spoiled.  But make sure that you eventually  read the book as it is among King's best.
0446310786|1.0|I'm sorry but the book &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; was, in my opinion, a very boring book. I've noticed, while skimming through the reviews, a lot of people enjoyed this book. Frankly, I don't know how I could. I was bored to death reading it and the only reason I read it was  because it was assigned to us in my 10th grade english class. The only  interesting part in that book was when they were talking about that trial  for Tom Robinson. I was disappointed in this book and it seemed so exciting  but it turned out it was a bore.
B00000IZOR|4.0|I bought this phone for my 1 year old grandaugter The first thing she did was wrap the long string around her neck! The phone got caught on the string and it was dangling around her neck. The string was tight and she was in a panic. Please cut the string short on this phone. My kids had this  phone when they were little, thats why I bought it for my grandaughter.
B00000K19E|5.0|ive never seen such dedication in making a movie,the time was cosuming and well worth the effort hope these effects arnt stuck in just this film
B000002H6C|5.0|And Justice For All includes in my opinion the best Metallica song ever ONE. This song seems like it is just all of the first four Metallica albums in one for one song. ONE is also a very well written song, something  Metallica is very underrated for(song writing). Has many other great songs.  May not be Metallica's best ever but still a great album. Get it if you are  a fan.
B000002KY8|5.0|Prince is a man of mystery. You'll never know what he will do next, but he always keeps his fans happy. He makes all kinds of music which include, jazz, funk, pop, rock, and soft rock. I watched his interveiw on mtv and he  said his favorite song would have to be purple rain. He didnt say why but i  think he likes it because it is a very emotional song, a deep down to the  heart song. I will say it again Prince is a man of mystery.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is one of the best albums ever made. This is one of Metallica's best ever and definitly one of the best metal albums ever. Metallica is definitly my favorite band and they never fail to put out the  good stuff. I hate those die hard metal fans that said Metallica sold out,  because they didn't. They just got tired of that old metal style. You are  not a real Metallica fan if you don't like their new stuff. You are just a  metal fan. This is a good metal album but it is a lot more than that. It is  A great band doing what they do. So appreciate this album for what it is  and don't label it the last good Metallica album just because it is the  last with bassist Cliff Burton. Even though this is a &quot;Metal&quot;  album it has many different sounds and again like Ride The Lightning none  of the songs sound the same.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Words to describe the combination of orchistra and heavey metal is by far an incomperable comparison.  Unless, of course, your refering to Metallica. This album breaks the band through to greatness that hasnt been achieved  since Led Zepplin's &quot;The Song Remaines The Same&quot;.  A major bonus  are the two new tracks &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and  &quot;- Human&quot;.   Both represent the hard-core Black Sabbath influince, and are yet mercifly  tamed by the symphony.  I reflect opon you, if the black album was the best  of 1992, than Metallica SnM is the best of the decade.  The main attribute  to this marvel is the crowd.  To listen as the fans sing along the lines of  the songs is what truly sets this apart from anything I have ever heared  before.  This is a must have.  I cant desribe in a thousand words the  greatness of even the first of the two cd's that,possibly, make up the  greatest concert experience ever.
B000002H2H|5.0|This may be Metallica's best album ever. Even though it is their shortest ever it can be their best. Ride The Lightning never gets boring. It has eight tracks and none of the songs sound the same.It has one of their most  famous songs, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and many other including the title  track Ride The Lightning, Fade To Black, Creeping Death, and a great  instrumental The Call Of Ktulu. The guitars on this album are simply  amazing. This is definitly Metallica's most complete album as a band.
0060930349|1.0|When I first started reading this book I thought I would stand the fact that is was too long. It was well informed, interesting and at times entertaining. My feeling was that I would rate it with at least 4 stars.   Somewhere along the way I think Johnson lost track of his argument. He  started covering too much material with no structure and stating very  personal points of view as facts. When I got to the Great Depression I  decided to quit. I realized there were more better informed books out there  and that I was wasting my time. It was unfortunate, the book promised much  more than it delivered.
B000002UAR|5.0|THIS IS, OF COURSE THE BEATLES AT THERE MOST EXPERIMENTAL, AND THE RESULT IS A INCREDIBLE MIND TRIP THAT PROVES ONCE AGAIN THESE GUYS WHERE LIGHT YEARS AHEAD OF EVERYONE ELSE AT THE TIME.I HAVE ALWAYS LOOKED AT THIS ALBUM  AS A INCREDIBLE BRIDGE FROM WHERE THE BEATLES HAVE BEEN TO WHERE THEY WHERE  GOING.ELENOR RIGBY,HERE THERE AND EVERYWHERE,TAXMAN,SHE SAID-SHE SAID,FOR  NO ONE,AND PROBABLY THE GREATEST MIND BLOWER OF ALL TIME &quot;TOMORROW  NEVER KNOWS&quot; THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANYBODYS  COLLECTION,PERIOD.!
B00000373U|4.0|&quot;XO&quot; gives me the chills like crazy and brings tears to my eyes. &quot;Either/Or&quot; is nevertheless a great album - but it lacks that true, deep emotion that makes your skin wince on &quot;XO.&quot; I like  &quot;Speed Trials,&quot; &quot;The Ballad of Big Nothing,&quot; &quot;Say  Yes,&quot; and &quot;No Name no. 5&quot; the most.<br />Bravo.
B000002UAO|5.0|DESPITE A GRUELLING TOUR SCHEDULE, T V APPEARENCES,AWARD PRESENTATIONS,FILMINGS,AND ON AND ON,HOW WHERE THEY ABLE TO COME UP WITH THIS? THEY WHERE THE BEATLES,THATS HOW! IN MY LIFE,MICHELLE,NOWHERE  MAN,GIRL,IM LOOKING THROUGH YOU,NORWEGIAN WOOD,ECT.ECT.ECT.IF THIS AIN'T IN  YOUR COLLECTION,YOUR COLLECTION IS MISSING A WORK OF ART.PERIOD.!
0684833395|2.0|Sorry, people.  For some reason this book has been branded a classic simply because...well, I'm not sure why frankly.  The satire hits you over the head until you are dizzy (unfortunately not with laughter), the plot is  cellophane thin, the message completely muddled.  The book flows as  smoothly as a trainwreck.  There are some witty commentaries but overall  don't believe the hype.  This book is an outdated bore.
6304011431|5.0|This was a great movie.  My favorite part was when they were hunting and he made the man fell what the deer he had just shot was feeling.  I myself hate hunting, and I was satisfied with this part of the film.  The movie  had a good characters, and a even better plot.  Be sure to see it, just  bring some kleenex.
0684833395|2.0|Sorry, people.  For some reason this book has been branded a classic simply because...well, I'm not sure why frankly.  The satire hits you over the head until you are dizzy (unfortunately not with laughter), the plot is  cellophane thin, the message completely muddled.  The book flows as  smoothly as a trainwreck.  There are some witty commentaries but overall  don't believe the hype.  This book is an outdated bore.
