0679746048|4.0|I thought this book was a very unique, yet fairly good book.  It was not quite what I had expected when I read it, but it kept me fairly entertained throughout the book.  After reading it though, I am still not completely sure if I would say that I liked it or not!  You will just have to read for  yourself to see what I mean!
B0000026WD|4.0|Michael Jackson is one of the best all-time entertainers in the history of music. His collaboration with Teddy Riley (fresh off the success and unfortunate break-up of Guy) re-introduced New Jack Swing to the music  world. Teddy co-produced about 7 of the tracks on this album, such as,  &quot;Jam,&quot; &quot;Remember The Time,&quot; and &quot;In The  Closet,&quot; among others. If you're an MJ fan, there is no way you could  ever regret buying this product. Similarly, if you're a Teddy Riley and New  Jack Swing fan, this album is a must buy...
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is an amazing book, especially if you love fantasy books.  It can be a little bit hard to follow sometimes, though, but usually if you read the section over you can get it.  I only understood it when I read it  again in 6th grade(I read it for the first time in 4th grade).  Try it!
0312853238|5.0|Okay, let's get the &quot;first things first&quot; out of the way.  &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is truely on of my favorite book, and Orson Scott Card is my hero.  i can only dream of following his footsteps in the wide world of fantasy writing.  okay, anyways, this book is superbly written and  it took me only a week to finish the 500 odd page book.  the sequels are  just as spellbinding and marvelous, too.  this book is HIGHLY recommended  by me to anyone who appriciated great science fiction.
0679746048|4.0|To think that the way I felt and thought at 18 and 19 was considered &quot;crazy&quot; 20 years earlier!  I certainly felt crazy and like the author wanted to be locked up somewhere safe.  I think the point that the author makes in the end-that what she went through at 18 and 19 isn't a  whole lot different than a lot of people feel at that age-is an important  message for young people today.  Perhaps if I had this book at 18 and 19 I  wouldn't have felt like I was the only one thinking and feeling that way.   I would have known that I wasn't insane, I was just going through a very  tough phase in life.  Defining ourselve can be very painful and some of us  just have a rougher time than others.  I can't say enough how important  this memoir is.
B0000062GE|5.0|I bought this CD even though I had only heard &quot;Save Yourself&quot; and &quot;Haunting Me&quot;..and I am not disappointed at all! This is an awesome CD, every song on it is well-done, and the band so well captures  the emotions of love and life in the lyrics. A definate must in anyone's  collection!
B00002E23H|4.0|I rate it 4 stars instead of 5 because a couple reasons, too many people died and and that &quot;Susan&quot; lady was a flake. But the movie was good, very good actually. I was also suprised on who died, for people who  havn't seen this yet i wont say who. But it was suprising. I would recomend  this to people who like seeing people get torn up and a good action movie,  but not for people who get sick very easily by gore. Chow.
006092988X|5.0|Betty Smith's clear narrative of her days (as this book was based on her own experiences) a young girl in the Brooklyn slums brought life in the early 20th century to life for me.  Her writing is absolutely captivating - it made me angry, sad, light-hearted - and I finished the novel in but two  days.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is an awesome album from beginning to end.  I was ready to be disappointed when I bought this album, because I didn't think anything could match The Chronic.  This album proved me wrong.  You can listen to it  from beginning to end without skipping a track, and these cuts are more  than just OK.  They are absolutely tight.  My favorite is the single,  &quot;Still D.R.E.&quot;, but every one of these tracks are great to bounce  to, dance to, cruise to, chill to, or just about anything you can think of.   If you like rap, buy this album.  If you don't like rap, buy it anyway,  you won't be disappointed.
B000000OU6|4.0|As a debut album by former Guns N' Roses guitar-god, Slash, shows to a great extent just how much input on the sound of his former band. He brings this style to &quot;It's Five O'Clock Somewhere&quot;. It's brash,  occasionally rough, bluesy, but definately rock and roll. Just so you know,  the hignlights of this record are Neither Can I, Dime Store Rock, Beggars  and Hangers On, and a few more. His attempt at a love song in I Hate  Everybody (But You), dedicated to his former wife, Renee, is okay as well.  Pick this one up is you dig Guns N' Roses and Slash's bluesy rock style,  you will be happy with the purchase.
B00000K0E5|5.0|Bond is finally back in the saddle for the 90s and what a saddle it is. This Bond flick is one of my personal favorites, with enough action and one liners to make anyone want to watch it more than once. Goldeneye was worth  the wait! But, a great movie can always get better... Present it on  DVD!<br />The DVD is one of the best designed I've ever seen. A very nice,  Bond-ish interface and loads of Bond extras. See the making of the film,  see a history of all Bond films, watch the Tina Turner Goldeneye video,  view 12 commericials related to Goldeneye, listen to the producer &amp;  director audio track, see 2 movie trailers.... plenty of stuff to keep you  busy! Plus of course, watch one of the best Bond films ever!
B000000OQF|5.0|When you pop this cd into your stereo and skipping to song number whatever and hearing your favorite song, you will let it start out at Welcome To The Jungle, which serves as a great intro track by the way, then on through  Paradise City and Sweet Child Of Mine, then finishing with Rocket Queen.  When you are all done, you have spent an hour or so listening to what will  surely be known to history as one of the defining albums of our generation.  This album completely changed the face of  hard rock forever as the band  Guns N' Roses was thrown into the limelight. To this day, still selling  well, and is right around 16 million copies sold. That is no coincident  either. There is track on this cd that is not great, with the possible  exception of Out Ta Get Me. Every other song is just awesome. I really  can't praise this cd enough. Buy this or go ahead and buy the 24kt gold one  and revel in all its infinite glory.
B00000J6AG|5.0|If someone were to tell me I'd have to live on a deserted island, and I could only have five albums, Moby's &quot;Play&quot; would be among them.  The entire album is so rich and textured.  Moby harnesses the power of  classic tracks, like gospel and blues, with his signature style.  Great car  music, great club music, just great music.
078322804X|5.0|As if I could love this movie any more, the film truly utilizes the new DVD format by giving more than just the garbage of extra trailers and music clips that many VHS to DVD conversions offer.  There is a wealth of  information on the movie on the cast, an explanation of scenes that were in  the director's cut and why they didn't make it to the final movie (plus the  showing of these scenes), and even a Making Of The Blues Brothers video.   All in all, this is a GREAT buy.  <br />NOTE:  THIS DVD IN WIDESCREEN FORMAT  SOUND QUALITY:  A- VIDEO QUALITY:  B+
0792148061|5.0|I have seen Grease at least 100 times if not more.I never get tired of such a fantastic movie.Grease is definately the word now, and forever! I first saw Grease in 78,21 years later I still love it. It's a timeless  movie.Keep rockin'!
B000031XCR|5.0|&quot;All the Way...A Decade of Song&quot;, is the next album of Celine Dion.<BR><BR><br />It appears to be a cop out and hodge podge of old and new material. To me quite an odd combination. We all know the past hits of the  album. Especially with Titanic's endorsement for &quot;My Heart Will Go  On&quot;: a lovely ballad, along with Up Close and Personal's &quot;Because  You Loved Me&quot;.<BR><BR><br />The absolute highlight is obviously  &quot;That's the Way It Is&quot;. A wonderfully boppy tune. Ms. Dion's  voice and the song fit together like gloves. &quot;All the Way&quot; a  lovely euphony with the late great Frank Sinatra is rather heartfelt.  &quot;If these Walls Could Talk&quot; is another newbie, which is too much  of a mix of her old material, &quot;Think Twice&quot; and a Spice Girls  concocted into one. But nonetheless a great song. &quot;The First Time I  Saw Your Face&quot; is a slow-tempo mellifluous delight.<BR><BR><br />It is  good to see another superb Celine Dion release.
6304119046|5.0|Who could have made a better and more cleaver movie than this one. It just changed all the history of cinema.If Kane was not made we would still be watching movies which have simple cinematography and most of the time a  boring love plot. Thank you Orson Wales you just made the world a better  and more pleasent place.<br />And the oscar commity, know i am sure that you  are complite idiots. If you give bunch of meanlegless oscars to movies such  as  Rocky, Ben Hur, TITANIC and gave nothing to Citizen kane you should  resign and be a toilet cleaner.
B00000DHR0|5.0|&quot;These Are Special Times&quot; is a very 'nice' CD.<BR><BR><br />Songs ranging from the contemporary &quot;Feliz Navidad&quot; to the R.Kelly Duet &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot; is quite a contrast on one CD. My favourites are  &quot;The Prayer&quot; with Andrea Bocelli, and &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot;.  They are both indescribably beautiful. They could almost make you cry no  matter what language you speak. They are so heartfelt and self-engrossing  it feels like they are giving you a personal serenade. The climax of  &quot;The Prayer&quot; being the phrase in the lead up to the chord they  build up to and hold a long time gives you a warm fuzzy feeling inside.  &quot;Adeste Fideles (O Come All Ye Faithful)&quot; is exquisitely  accompanied by a vocally lilting gospel choir. The title song &quot;hese  Are Special Times&quot;s quite a contrast with a pop feel.<br />This is a  great CD for all occasions even if it isn't Christmas.
6302877849|5.0|This movie is one of the best Post-Apocolytic stories out there. When I first saw this movie, at a drive in no less, I was entranced by the story. A broken man, Max, finds what he thinks is a quick deal and winds up  becoming the hero. Classic western influence, with a slightly hipper rap.  The costumes and vehicles show inspiration and have been copied time and  again. When Max says, &quot;You wanna get outta here, talk to me&quot; he  proves why he is now a box office smash. It was a shame they blew up his  car, the last of the V-8s, it was a great ride.
6305627401|2.0|South Park is one hilarious show, in my opinion.  The crude drawings, the sick jokes, perfectly set into the half-hour time slots comedy central gives it.  But that is the problem with the movie...I don't think South  Park is truely destined to be feature length at an hour and 35 minutes; at  that time, it seems more like overkill, instead of less-is-more.  And those  graphics that the movie holds...the fire special effects, the real-life  drawings and computer animation would look more at home in Spielberg's  latest blockbuster than a South Park episode.  I mean, the humor of South  Park is not that original, just a bunch of kids swearing and telling dirty  jokes.  What made it funny was watching such horrible artistry doing such  distasteful things.  That was the whole heart of the show, the bad  drawings!  Who wants to see a juiced-up South Park with better drawings and  visual effects?  I am far from a prude, I have a great sense of humor, and  I continue to watch the show when possible.  But once the heart of the show  is gone, so is the humor and so is the point.
630027120X|5.0|The film is merely great; the soundtrack by Ennio Morricone is magnificent. Buy it. It's often used in trailers of other films. [Since the soundtrack is the last task in filmmaking, trailers often use music that's  not in the film being previewed. Music from The Mission is used  frequently.] It'll give you the willies.
1577311523|5.0|This book literally blew me away with its freshness, incisiveness,and clarity.  In my opinion it cuts through all the guff of anyother religious or spiritual doctrine one can imagine, and synthesizes the real essences of  these teachings into oneutterly powerful, breathtakingly well-written  exposition ofthe true meaning of spiritual enlightenment.   Even thoughI  already have a copy that I share with my wife, I plan toorder my own  personal copy to take with me where-ever I go; for the effect that reading  merely a page or two hasis to literally and instantly jolt one out of the  time-focussedinsanity of the ego, into the source of all infinite power -  the present moment, in a way that no other book has evercome close to  doing.   Even though I am an avid reader,I don't think I will ever need to  seek out any more bookson spiritual enlightenment, now that I have this  one:  Thisis the REAL McCoy.
6305657947|2.0|Had this movie not been a remake, it might have stood up on its own.  but as a remake, it cannot compare to the quality of the original.  steve mcqueen plays the character cool and confidant.  alone in his own world,  the original thomas crown lived care free.  he slept with beautiful women,  played polo, flew his glider, etc...when he meets faye dunaway...he plays  it cool.  maintaining constant composure....in this remake, the character  thomas crown is weak.  he consults a psychiatrist, allows his hired  accomplices to get caught, chases after rene russo like he's in high  school....in the original, there's not of that.  he dictated how he wanted  to live and no one was going to push him around.  the original is a solid  movie founded on steve mcqueen's acting.
0800187873|5.0|I couldn't get enough of this movie. I found out, through my &quot;Outfitt&quot; investagating or mafia as the media called them, that this wasn't the whole story. The movie gives the impression the lefty gets  killed that day but that couldn't be further from the true. He was picked  up right outside his apartment and taken to jail where he would wait for  his friend F.B.I. agent to testify against him. He was found guilty and  evenly died in a prison hospital of cancer years later. Sonny Black(Michael  Madson) was found a year after the arrest dead with his hands cut off as a  sign of disrespect in La Cosa Nostra.  Would I put this in my collection  Absolutly &quot;YES&quot;
B00000K19E|5.0|This THE BEST action/sci-fi movie ever made. It has a great plot and a astonishing storyline. The fist time i saw the lobby shooting (you will know when you see it), i got the shivers. the camera angels, the mix of  slow motion and real-time, the special effects is just great. You must buy  this dvd to know. It is worth every penny
1573225517|5.0|This book is a touching look into the life of a man with nothing solid to cling to. The reader will slowly become engulfed in the clarity and beauty of the simple life he leads, the way he sees things through music, and the way he sees his relationships and his life. This book is wonderful, I  finished it in two days, and then went out and got &quot;About A Boy&quot;  by Nick Hornby. High Fidelity really deserves the rave reviews it gets.  This book wonderful.
0425129586|5.0|This book is one of the best stories I ever read. We read is for my english class. We also watched the movie, &quot;Ten Little Indians&quot;.
B00000K19E|2.0|After all the good things I heard about this movie, I was disappointed. Although it borrows ideas and scenes liberally from most major sci-fi films (Blade-Runner,Star Wars, Star Trek, Alien, Terminator, V, etc.) and quite a  few anime (Megazone 23, Ghost in the Shell, Akira), it doesn't skillfully  blend them. It does manage to put forth some good ideas, unusual for  Hollywood, but many of these ideas have already been explored in the  aforementioned sci-fi films and anime. But whenever the plot runs a little  thin we are treated to lengthy fight or gunfight sequences that go  overboard with slow-motion. The special effects, a strength of the movie I  had heard, unfortunately try too hard to impress. Gratuitous panning shots  while a character remains motionless in the air were old when Gap used them  in commercials. The effects too often fall flat because they are shown at  the expense of the cinematography: a woman jumps from one building to  another and we are shown this from above rather than an angle that would  show us how truly impressive such a long leap would be. The one lesson  filmmakers should learn from George Lucas is that special effects should  push the story forward rather than be the story. This and simplicity are  the key to using great special effects in a film. The acting seems to have  not been a consideration, and the dialogue was quite weak: There were a  couple of moments when a good character rose to the occasion of finishing  off an evil character, but not without first saying a cheesy line (why not  just shoot them without talking?)  The Matrix has a good concept going but  ultimately drops it in favor of gunfights, explosions and action, which is  fine if you're 12 and that's what you're looking for.
630562285X|1.0|Even though Sean is a man's man, you still have a hard time believing that these 2 will ever hook up.  You are constantly afraid that these 2 will be involved in a love scene. Separately, say Sean and Money Penny and  Catherine and Antonio Banderas, okay; together no thanks!
B00000K2SC|4.0|A Good,not Great movie! If you're into special effects This is for you! A somewhat amazing, if not Far-out movie for sci-fi buffs. It certainly keeps my friends attention, 2-3 times per week, a reel-buff! Buy-GEM
0767836286|5.0|I was exremely surprised after seeing this movie.  I think it is one of the year's best, and it suffered &quot;The Mummy&quot; syndrome: It was an excellent movie and all the critics were unfair to it.  As for the people  below who give away the ending, I can't tell you how ticked I am at them,  as it is huge surprised and they ruined it for anyone who hasn't seen this  movie yet.  They DVD has excellent picture and sound quality, but not many  extra features (I just rented it, and didn't explore it very much, so I  could be wrong), but anyways, this movie had great suspense, strong chills,  and completely takes away your sense of security in the world.
0446525537|5.0|A walk to remember is a wonderful book! I read the books &quot;The Notebook&quot; and &quot;Message in a bottle&quot; too. I love all 3 books. Nicaholas Sparks way of describing feelings is so fascinating!  I can only say to you all: READ THIS BOOK, it's wonderful!
B00002Z88D|5.0|i don't normally give a five star review.  but nor do i normally come across a recording quite like this.  metallica has opened a brilliant new alternative to their traditional albums.  on  s &amp; m, experience  metallica's legendary music accompanied by a haunting but beautiful San  Francisco Symphony Orchestra.  so enjoy this enchanting album.  pick it up  today.
B00000K27Y|5.0|my brother from the netherlands sent this to me and it has changed the way i look at music.  i'm still singing &quot;if you're fond of sand dunes and salty air...&quot; everywhere i go (track 9).<br />this album develops a heavy groove very early on and then doesn't let go.  <br />let it grab you.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|As you can tell from the fact that this album has nearly 200 reviews already, this cd was highly anticipated.  And, as far as I'm concerned, Fiona Apple had delivered exactly what I expected in her second album.  Buy  this, you can't go wrong if you're a Fiona Apple fan.  If you liked her  first album you will like this one.  That's not to say that this is simply  a retread of her previous material, but, rather, this collection further  establishes her style and gives more credibility to her as an artist.
B000002UAO|5.0|Sometimes you have to wonder what planet some of the &quot;reviewers&quot; are living on.  An earlier contribution claimed that a song called &quot;Fallin'&quot; originally appeared on the record but was deleted from  the CD.  I have checked my vinyl copy (the original UK release) and the  definitive Beatles reference book (Beatles studio sessions) and no such  song was ever recorded by the group.  Perhaps that person was thinking of  I've Just Seen A Face which originally appeared on the US version and  features in its chorus the line &quot;Fallin', yes I'm fallin' and she is  callin' me back again&quot;. Besides, can you imagine Paul McCartney ever  allowing a Beatles recording to be emasculated in any way?  He even took  legal action when Phil Spector added organs and a heavenly choir to The  Long and Winding Road!  Anyway this album is one of The Beatles' best.  I  especially like the last track Run For Your Life. I remember singing it as  a nine year old and it still sounds as fresh and pertinent today.  The fact  that a Canadian radio station banned it in the late 1980s because of  political correctness only made it more appealing.  The perfect companion  to this album is Revolver.  Ringo even said on The Beatles Anthology that  Rubber Soul and Revolver were virtually Volume One and Volume Two. Both  albums are from the period when The Beatles were still touring.  They are  an essential part of any collection.
0767903811|5.0|I started reading this book while returning from a vacation trip to Germany. I had to put the book down about halfway through because my wife kept interrupting me to ask why there were tears rolling down my cheeks. If you enjoy reading a book that will keep at least smiling, and most likely  laughing outloud, don't miss this one
B00002EPMF|4.0|In a recent interview Chuck Schuldiner confessed that he was growing increasingly disatisfied with his old style of vocals,wich he called'unhealty',so he added a melodic,yet heavy,vocalist to Death.This  album is the counterpart to Death's'The Sound of Perseverance'(1998),but is  a much more polished,melodic,and progressive affair than the  former.Schuldiner ,very underrated outside the death/black metal  community,is an exceptional musician,a true pioneer of the genre and  more.This should be one of the best metal albums of 2000.
B000002J03|5.0|I love this cd!  While not as good as Zeppelin IV, it still rocks!  &quot;Thank You&quot; isn't at all sappy, although by the slowness and lyrics, it should be!  It is incredibly sweet and the first time i heard  it, i cried.  &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; is just amazing and has the best  beat, you know?  &quot;What is and what should never be&quot;  starts out  slow and i didn't think i could get into it, but the chorus is extremely  catchy.  All the other songs rock!  i reccomend this cd, but if your new at  Zep, get IV first.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'm a hardcore Metallica fan and I absolutely loved the S&amp;M live album. Most of the songs were better than the originals. This is the true reason why Metallica STILL remains the best metal band of all time.
0140283587|1.0|It's very, very rare that I stop reading a book, and with this one I didn't get past page fifty.  The main character is two-dimensional and annoying at best and the intereactions painfully stereotypical.  The  arguments are like bad Mamet: frustrating to read and you know where  they're going to go before they get there.  Do yourself a favor and buy  some other book.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This truly is a great fantasy movie.The music which was writen by David Bowie is fabulous and the acting and graphics were good too.The story is wonderful,a tale of a young girl(Jennifer Conelly) in  a mgical land trying  to save her little brother who was taken away by the Goblin King(David  Bowie) and she meets many interesting people along the way.Buy it or rent  it today.<br />-Adam Mannion
B000002IST|2.0|This record sounds like the record label deadline was approaching and the band had to come up with something-it is totally circumstantial and repetitive without even the pop touches of 1986's'Invisible Touch'.Most of  the material here sounds forced and contrived revealing a band that was  already on the life support of their reputation.
B000002JSN|5.0|I really liked this CD.  It, along with II and IV are my faves.  I like &quot;Kashmir,&quot;  and despite what people say, I think that Puff Daddy's &quot;Come With Me&quot; was good in that it introduced Zeppelin to  a new generation.  It was a smart move for Jimmy, 'cuz it gave zeppelin  lots of new fans. All the other songs rock, too. Ooh, don't you love it how  on number 8 on disc two, how you hear robert plant say &quot;Shall we roll  it, Jimmy?&quot; and then Jimmy says, &quot;We're rolling it on, uh,  (number one) One?  Ah, one again.&quot;  i just listen to it over and over,  rewindplayrewindplayrewindplayrewindplay!
6300215717|5.0|How should I say this, the movie, by itself, is fantastic.  The story line has a touch of Cinderella, the fanciful story of the Princess and the common man.  But UNLIKE the classical love story, the two souls... well, when  you buy it you'll know.  The charming plot takes the audience to Rome, (and  by the way, its very effective that the movie was set IN Rome, not some  Hollywood studio.)  the eternal city, which brought out the classic charm  of Audrey Hepburn, our Princess.  After viewing the movie, the most  delightful feeling will overcome you.  You'll find yourself unconsciously  rewinding that tape.   At the beginning, I say the movie by itself is  fantastic.  But the movie is not the only fantastic part.  One who has seen  the movie can't ignore the beauty of Audrey Hepburn.  It's a treat by  itself to see such an elegant woman.  All and all, buy the movie and ENJOY  IT!
0446605409|3.0|Plum Island's plot is quite convoluted and therefore interesting. However the unravelling of the mystery itself is a little bit predictable. Mr. DeMille attempts to add a fair number of twists and turns to the plot.  Unfortunately, these  unexpected changes hardly seem to throw the reader   off for long. By the time the reader reaches the last chapter, he already  knows too much... as does John Corey. For a guy who swigs that much beer  and  thinks mostly with a not so cerebral part of his anatomy, Corey's  deductive skills are amazing, if not incredible. Also the narrative is  clogged with too many trivial details.<br />However Demille's unique blend of  sometimes subtle and sometimes not so subtle sexuality as well as his  action-packed sequences make for some entertaining reading. This is one  book whose movie  promises to be better.
B00002MZ12|3.0|Before I proceed to criticize this album, I want to say that I'm a big Alanis fan.  Her sound is usually honest, edgy, and emotional.  Therefore, I found this foray into acoustic music to be a disappointment.<br />In her  previous albums, she relies heavily on an electronic sounds and  enhancements to add body and feeling to her music, and she can't seem to  overcome there lack here.  With only periodic exceptions, her voice sounds  thin, lacking in range, and on many tracks, rather emotionless.  The tempo  and volume level of the songs are too uniform, making them sound  monotonous.  Imagine her prior albums on serious amounts of valium, and  you'll get the picture.<br />I also find the mixing to be slightly  substandard, with some instruments sounding oddly muted and recessed in the  soundstage.  This may be an intentional decision to preserve the  &quot;live&quot; sound, but I could have done without it.<br />Verdict: If you  want to hear an Unplugged album done right, check out &quot;10,000 Maniacs  Unplugged.&quot;  Still, I'll give it 3/5 for the occassional good track  and for Alanis' ability as a writer, if not acoustic performer.
0375804013|5.0|Imagine this: A lovable, furry, harmless little Grover beseeches you and your child to desist from the very avoidable act of turning the page, lest you force the poor dear to reach the end, where a terrible monster lurks.  Yet, page after page, while your impressionable child watches, you ignore  Grover cruelly and turn the page. Again and again. Sure, there's no SCARY  monster at the end. But what does this tell your child about you? That's  right, you're a cruel, cruel masochist with nothing better to do than  psychologically torture a helpless Muppet!
B00000IQMT|5.0|John Williams has written some fabulous music for this film. My fav. was the &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot;, and &quot;Anakins Theme&quot;. I really enjoyed this cd, and  i hope the next star wars soundtrack will be this  good.
B000000XBC|5.0|This is an excellent follow-up to Creedence Clearwater's greatist hits collection Chronicle.  While on volumn one only their radio hits are involved, Chronicle Two completes the set with lesser known and sometimes  better Creedence Clearwater songs.  Between both albums a moderate fan of  Creedence should be happy.  Creedence Clearwater set the standard for  rootsy rock music, and the songs on this album are comparable to their  better known hit songs.
0684872153|5.0|This is my favorite book.It is amazing how Frank McCourt lived through such an awful childhood and lived to write such a telling book.
0060925000|5.0|This book so engrossed me (after getting past the first 100 pages ... yes it is slightly long) that I was obsessed with India thereafter.  Seth is able to put characters to life like few others and gives a truly realistic  impression of what this vast, diverse and magical country is about. I would  not hesitate to read anything put out by Seth (and am currently reading An  Equal Music).
B000031WD9|5.0|this movie is the funniest movie of the 90'
0792839749|5.0|This is a true family classic.  This movie is the ONLY single movie my 2 year old will watch.  He won't sit in front of anything else except this movie.  My 3 year old it likes it almost as much as Mary Poppins (her  favorite).  The clips are short and the scenes change often, the music is  catchy and rhythmic, and the theme is wholesome and without profanity. It's  a family classic that should be introduced well before low quality and  violent television that exists today.  The DVD quality was fine.  A step  above VHS, but most people that  would buy this movie, aren't the one's  worrying about the digital quality that one reader reviewed.  Give it a  try!
6305678707|1.0|I'm not sure why the reviewers who have raved about this film like it so much?  Who in the film are they rooting for?  Mark Harmon, who foolishly ignores his training and police rules resulting in a suspect being  needlessly killed and who attacks Meg Ryan's date, and not by Marquis of  Queens.  Meg Ryan, who acts sordidly because she wants to upset her father?   Or maybe Sean Connery, who gets to say a lot of foul things and beat  someone up?  Well, we've seen Connery beat villains up in better films.   It's hard to say who in this film is more inept - the heroes or the  villains.  I can see the bad guys racing away from the scene of the crime,  but once they are off the presidio, would they really draw attention to  themselves on the streets of San Francisco by speeding past cops, when all  they had to do was drive quietly down side streets at the speed limit to  make their getaway?  And how did the accomplice who ran over one of his  partners know exactly which street the victim would run down and when?  No,  Peter Hyams has made some good films in the past, but this is not one of  them.  Of course, if you like stupid chase films that make no sense, that  exploit every cliche in the book, and have stupid characters with  ridiculous motivations...
6305627401|4.0|Let me just start out by writing, this is definitely not a movie for children it contains some of the foulest language I've ever heard.  <br />This movie makes a great commentary on our society.  That comment is, &quot;It's  okay to have excessive violence in a movie, but you better watch your  mouth.&quot;  I love Kyle's commentary at the end of the movie to his  mother about her needing to pay more attention to what he's doing instead  of trying to eliminate the bad influences that are around him and that he  would willingly take the blame for his actions instead of his mother  blaming other sources.  It's about time that someone said that in our  society that far too often looks to blame others for its own problems.   Other than being a great commentary on our society, this movie is  hilarious.  I love the dialogue between Saddam Hussein and Satan.  Oh, and  I can't forget the music, this movie may go down as being the best musical  of the 1990s.  This movie is truly inspired.  Stone and Parker are masters  of their craft.
B00000J7J4|5.0|With the release of Santana's Supernatural, Guitar legend Carlos Santana has proven once again that he still has what it takes to make an excellent record.  After debuting at the original woodstock festival in 1969, Santana  is still making history all over again capturing the young listening ears  of a whole new generation of music fans, with the colaboration of  alternative rock stars like Dave Matthews and Rob Thomas, to the amazing  soul and R&amp;B sounds provided by Wyclef Jean and Lauryn Hill.  The  Highlight of this record has been of course the number one hit  &quot;Smooth&quot;, but some other overlooked gems in this recording are  absolutely worthy of better recognition, and those are songs such as  &quot;Wishing  it was&quot; featuring Eagle-Eye Cherry, and the song  &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot; featuring Mexican alternative rock band MANA.   these and the other latin rythm sounds in this album, as well as the  traditional guitar works By Carlos Santana, are just a few of the reasons  why this is the best album of 1999. All praises due to The man, The legend  that is one of the Greatest rock Guitarist in the history of Rock and Roll,  Carlos Santana.
B000001EL3|5.0|I've read alot of bad reviews of this album,but I think some true fans are missing the boat on this one.This is got to be one of thier best albums ever.Detroit rock city,Shout it out loud,Sweet pain,King of thr nightime  world,give me a break this was ground breaking song writing for them.no  their usual forte.   I listen to this alot it reminds of the time when kiss  was kiss after this  alive II was scattered with this entire album. I  recommend this to any non fan as their first choice.
B0000026CN|5.0|I consider this one of santana's best because of the sound quality on most of the tracks. Bella is awesome as is Blues for salvador.
B000001Y79|5.0|Tragic Kingdom is a wonderful album. Gwen Stefani is an incredible singer. The songs are great. It takes some time to get used to how Gwen screams out lyrics though, but other than that, No Doubt is a great band. You should  definately get this album.
6301972139|5.0|To me, some of the greatest movies are about artists, because the intensity inherent in the artist is also inherent in his art, minimalism notwithstanding.  And, of course, cinema is an art. &quot;Lust for  Life,&quot; &quot;The Red Shoes,&quot; &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; - each is a  statement by great visual directors depicting visual art.<br />&quot;Moulin  Rouge&quot; is the story of the great artist-caricaturist Henri de  Toulouse-Lautrec.  Its excellence is due to the handiwork of John Huston  and Jos&eacute; Ferrer - Huston for his unflinching view of the pathos of the  Parisian demi-monde, and Jos&eacute; Ferrer for his delicious and moving portrayal  of the tormented, self-absorbed artist who loved everyone except himself,  which means that he never knew real love.<br />This is Ferrer's greatest rôle,  surpassing the Cyrano which won him his Best Actor Oscar.  It is so typical  of the Motion Picture Academy not to get it right.
6304117302|2.0|First off, I recommend skipping this review if you have not seen the movie.  I had heard some of my friends rant and rave about The Last of the Mohicans, and, being a fan of Daniel Day Lewis, decided to give it a shot.   To give the movie its credit, Day Lewis is fantastic as always (can he  really be the same man who played Cecil Vice in A Room With a View?), there  are some wonderfully sensual moments, watching Hawkeye move through the  forest and fight together as if there was a sixth sense between them was  also fantastic, and the ending is rather spectacular.  All of this being  said, the movie is ruined by some of the cheesiest battle scenes in recent  memory, and, I believe, horrific editing.  The main characters, and Hawkeye  in particular, seem to have been issued some kind of laser/radar-guided  musket that never misses its target, and usually hits the poor Huron right  in the heart, while the Huron seem to have such bad aim that, they couldn't  hit an IMAX theater at point blank.  I don't know, maybe I've watched too  much Mystery Science Theater over the years but, my God, these battles are  irritating!  The other problem, which has apparently been solved in the DVD  edition, is poor editing; one moment Cora and Hawkeye hate each other and,  two lines later, they seem to have fallen passionately - PASSIONATELY - in  love; later in the film we see Hawkeye planning to help his friends escape  from the fort to help protect their families, and the next thing we know,  he is being arrested for having helped them escape.  How and when did these  things happen?  I'm curious to see the DVD version to see if these things  have, in fact, been remedied.  Maybe, I'll then be able to forgive the  battle scenes....maybe.
0553278355|5.0|This book was really astounding.  It had sort of a simple story going to it, but there were so many deeper meanings thrown into the novel.  This book was so amazingly deep, but so easy to read.  I finished reading it in two days.  I would definately recommend this book to everyone.  I  personally didn't care for Plath's poetry when we studied it in class, but  I really enjoyed her book.  So, whether you like Plath's poetry or not if  you like a book that is deep, yet a fast read, I would definately read this  book.
B00000AFWW|5.0|This was the first Hole cd I ever bought and I love it. It might be a little more low key than Hole's other albums, but the songs are just as good. Trust me, this cd is da bomb. Hole has made some extremely catchy,  good songs on this album. Even if you don't like hard core rock,  alternative, punk, you will like Celebrity Skin. Once you listen to this  cd, you will be a hard core Hole fan. Buy this cd.
6305426651|5.0|I was at first very  undecided about watching this movie, because I had to read the spoken parts throughout. After watching about the first 3 minutes of this movie, it was absolutly no hinderence on me at all. Actually in a  way you had to pay more attention to this movie.However, paying attention  to this movie was no problem. Roberto was great. He really does an  EXCELLENT job throughout this movie. So does his wife in this movie. There  are many parts throughout this movie that are very very sad, however this  is the underlying humor and love for this child that you can sense  throughout this movie. This is a MUST WATCH MOVIE. I would reccomend this  movie to anyone and everyone.
006016848X|3.0|My goodness. This book is, well......what can I say? I would NOT recommend reading throuh the whole book like I so foolishly tried to do. Still, this book, it does help you understand men or woman, whatever your gender may  be.
B000031WD9|5.0|Having just graduated high school myself I can say that American Pie so accurately portrays the way that high school is these days.  Just like one of the actors says in his interview.  Being in high school is R rated, not  G rated.  Besides being absolutely hilarious to those who are in high  school, have recently graduated, or are even into their thirties, this  movie actually has a message believe it or not.  The main focus of the  movie being four guys having their heart set on getting laid before  graduating high school, but by the end they discover something different.   I won't spoil it for anyone, but it is hilarious.
6300214753|5.0|Yes Amazon is correct.  This is a quintessential 80s movie, along with the Breakfast Club, Back to the Future, and Ghostbusters, among others.  But high school hasn't changed too much, and the characters in this movie ring  true no matter what decade it is.  The scenes with Rooney and his  secretary, the scenes with Ferris and Cameron, Ferris's monologues to the  camera: this is near-timeless comedy, employing time-worn classic character  types and scenarios, and a theme any one-time high school kid in America  can relate to.  This is still the funniest high school movie ever, and one  of the most hilarious comedies of the past 30 years.
B000002P2W|3.0|Yep, it's a downer. I've always loved the opener, 'Slip Kid' but I think the strongest track is the next one, 'However Much I Booze'. Townshend took the vocals on this one - the lyrics were obviously too personal for  Daltrey. And the guitarist spits out his rage and frustration, ending in a  howl of despair. As a portrait of the artist in the throes  of creative  depression and alcoholic self-loathing there are few more accurate - or  more disturbing.  The rest of the album? Well, there's 'Squeeze Box'.  British smut set to a banjo. Hmm. And then there's a trail of songs about  Townshend's rock star ennui - 'In a Hand or a Face', 'How Many Friends',  'Dreaming from the Waist', 'Imagine a Man'...Who said this wasn't a concept  album?  It's actually one of The 'Oo's better efforts, partly because it  avoids the overblown excesses of   Tommy or Quadophenia, and at least it  has a point, unlike the last three studio albums. And unlike Who Are You,  the band still sound like a band, and they still know how to play - better  than almost any other band. But it's not an album to listen to if you're  already feeling a bit down.
6305538018|4.0|I thought the movie eXistenZ rocked!  I had read several other people's revies, and I did not think that the dialogue was as horrible as everyone was saying.  The few &quot;cheesy&quot; lines in the movie made sense  because they were in a game. Anyway, the movie was good and worth the money  I spent to rent it and the actors were great.
B00002Z88D|1.0|I am very disappointed in this CD. It contains stuff which I personaly heard to too many times performed live. Same old and not very exciting stuff. The even had the nerve to put Devils Dance on it and the memory  remains. Why did they even think of those? I really hate those tracks.  Reload is the only album I don't have. The singing is not very strong  either. James leaves the burden of singing to the audience. (geez!) The  should have used tracks which are better suited for an orchestra. The band  is playing their same old while the orchestra is constantly trying to show  their presence which I don't feel is adding value to it all. Why did they  even allow audience to the set? Which leads to the question why didn't tape  it in the studio. I suspect the guys where a bit too lazy for that. If they  did there wasn't a excuse left for producing a overbloated album.
6304712936|5.0|The DVD is just what you would expect.  The quality is unbeleivable and really adds to the experience of watching the movie.  The video and audio are superb and really aren't comparable to the VHS version.
0800141709|3.0|I loved this when I first saw it, now I'm not so sure. A lot of reviewers have quoted the 'you can't fight in here, this is the war room' line: unfortunatley that's about as subtle and intelligent as the satire gets.  Message: BLOWING UP THE WORLD IS A BAD THING. Well, that's profound (not).  Is it funny though? Yep. Hence the three stars, depsite the adolescent  1960s politics. And for once the sterile and claustrophobic atmosphere that  infects virtually all Kubrick's work fits the film.
B000002UCQ|5.0|It was tough being a teenager in the seventies.  George's songs inspired me to go on.  This album lifted me out of the deepest depression and made me search out tolerance and understanding.  It is one of the best  post-Beatle albums, as good today as it was twenty five years ago.  I been  listening again since the terrible attack on George and his wife Olivia.   Hey George, when you recover... Give us more music.
B000021XS0|5.0|&quot;Metropolis Pt.2: Scenes From a Memory&quot; is by far the best album I've listened to in many years.  For this album, the excellent musicianship of Dream Theater has been molded with a simple but effective storyline.   Though some songs can stand to be played on their own, they are far more  effective if listened to as part of the entire album, in much the same way  that excerpts from popular symphonies are better appreciated when the  entire symphony is played.<br />Fans of the song &quot;Metropolis Pt.1&quot;  from the &quot;Images and Words&quot; album will especially like how  elements from that song are sprinkled into the album.<br />One bit of advice:  the album ought to be listened to a few times to really appreciate how high  the qualities of the album are ... and at least once with a set of  headphones.
B000003TA4|5.0|I bought this album the same year it came out. It was a huge susses and was played in the radio alot. I was kinda into punk-rock, alternative and pixies kind of music, so I liked this album, and I was very surprised by  its huge succes.       This is a great combination of punkrock, indie-pop  and alt. rock with great, catchy melodies and splended lyrics. It  has set  the standards for rock of the ninetees, wheather we're talking punkrock, or  alt. rock. This is great. <br />Sadly though that nirvana has become popular  mostly because of Kurt Cobains suicide. I remember the day when he did  that. Its a sad story.
B000002P2W|4.0|Yep, it's a downer. I've always loved the opener, 'Slip Kid' but I think the strongest track is the next one, 'However Much I Booze'. Townshend took the vocals on this one - the lyrics were obviously too personal for  Daltrey. And the guitarist spits out his rage and frustration, ending in a  howl of despair. As a portrait of the artist in the throes  of creative  depression and alcoholic self-loathing there are few more accurate - or  more disturbing.  The rest of the album? Well, there's 'Squeeze Box'.  British smut set to a banjo. Hmm. And then there's a trail of songs about  Townshend's rock star ennui - 'In a Hand or a Face', 'How Many Friends',  'Dreaming from the Waist', 'Imagine a Man'...Who said this wasn't a concept  album? The playing is exceelent, Daltrey's vocals are superb. It's actually  one of The 'Oo's better efforts, partly because it avoids the overblown  excesses of   Tommy or Quadophenia, and at least it has a point, unlike the  last three studio albums.  And unlike Who Are You, the band still sound  like a band, and they still know how to play - better than almost any other  band. But it's not an album to listen to if you're already feeling a bit  down.
6305622930|5.0|Just an excellent movie and performance. DO not thin i am in any position to say anything more about this magnificant movie.I can just say thank you...
B000000H64|5.0|Fear Factory is one of the few bands that successfully combines the grit of industrial and the pounding agony of death metal. The resulting combination is brilliant in what I feel is their best album. Obsolete is  good, but has a few more holes in it than this album. Soul of the New  Machine is more death-metalish and would appeal greater to purists in the  genre. But I prefer the combination.<br />For the most part, the album  combines agressive rhythms with the keyboard textures of Rhys Fulber (Front  Line Assembly). The textures are unreal sounding and perfectly compliment  some amazing drum-and-guitar-picking work, which unlike some death metal  albums prefers to rhythmically pace out the guitars in insane rhythms,  rather than going at it full throttle all the time. The result is an  unbelievable combination that just makes you want to smash things.  <br />Furthermore, the album is reference quality in its recording. If the  opening track (Demanufacture) makes you jump on first listen, you know you  have a kickin' sound system. :)<br />Like a review below, I too fault the  lyrics for being too much in the teen-angst variety. But the rest of the  album more than off-sets this fault. This is well recommended for fans of  industrial metal or their subgenres.
0792833236|5.0|If the commity give the oscars to the rocky and not to the raging bull they ae just idiots.I do not know if a boxing movie and acting becomes better than this. The cinematography is excellent as well as Joe Pechi  ofcourse. But the real stars i woudl say are De Niro and Scorsese.  Thanks  for everyone who worked in this excellent movie, adn thank you De NIro.
B000002C2E|5.0|Bob Dylan I think has fooled some of his fans by creating one of the best blues-inspired albums I have heard. Those who know him in his folk days may be disappointed, but fans of traditional blues should flock to this album.  Well-crafted lyrics focus largely on the aspects of aging and the pain of  love, and love lost; the background is simple, inspired by blues with a  touch of folk to help things along. The ballads are the best; &quot;Tryin'  To Get to Heaven&quot; and &quot;Not Dark Yet&quot; are my personal  favorites.<br />Daniel Lanois's production adds an ambient feeling to the  album. Its a mixed bag: For the ballads (which tend to be the odd numbered  tracks), the ambient touch gives the songs a certain distance that really  emphasizes the loss and the sorrow in the lyrics. It helps these songs  immensely. For the improv blues tracks (which tend to be the even numbered  tracks), I'm not so sure that a more forward production would've been more  beneficial, to give the production a rawer feeling. Irregardless, to me,  it's not enough of a distraction to seperate the listener from the lyrics.  Some listeners may view this differently.<br />I'm a big fan of blues in  itself; what Bob Dylan has done with this album is amazing, if you look at  it from a blues angle. The album is NOT very folk-rock oriented; if you  come into this album expecting &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot;, you are  probably going to be disappointed. In my opinion this album is best  appreciated with repeated listenings. You will then appreciate what its  got: simple lyrics and simple music that produce a powerful impact. A  masterpiece of a different kind, proving that Bob Dylan is incredibly  talented at writing music from the heart, even 30 years after he began.
B000002C1X|1.0|This is my least favorite Pink Floyd album, mainly because Roger Waters just about wrote it all himself.  For me, the less Waters, the better.<br />Syd Barrett, that crazy diamond, is still the real Pink Floyd.
0671027344|5.0|Absolutely true. Exept most people don't cry quite as much as he does, and it is pretty graphic(it makes you wonder what the author thinks about *wink, wink*) but this book is so great, it doesn't matter. It's about a  high school boy, and i may be a middle school girl, but i related to it as  much as anyone else! I absolutely love this and have offered to lend it to  most of all my friends. Read the stupid thing!
B00000DFSK|3.0|i like there early work until the joshua tree.and a few of there 90's stuff.but overall bono got way more love than he deserved.the music all starts to sound the same and the lyrics became too preachy.the war  album,joshua,&amp;this album are all to have by them.hardly groundbreaking  music.
B000007OY0|5.0|I must say seeing this move made me realize that you can find good friends. Please buy this very good movie today. you will love the drama and the cast in this movie.
B00000163G|1.0|a good poet he was.but a average rapper.he was a better actor than anything else.his music doesn't move me like public enemy or rakim.i find him to be way overrated.a few alright songs on this two-disc set but alot  of filler.he ain't no legend to me.self-destructive more likely.this album  is pure garbage.
6305627401|4.0|I was leery of a south park movie....I expected to see an episode with the swear words were instead of a bleep.  Instead, Matt and Trey did what the ysaid they would do; try to offend everyone.  I thought they did a great  job at it, everyone is so overly sensitive about everything that South Park  is a refreshing drink in a desert of whiny people.  Fabulous.  I even found  myself taken aback by a few things in it.  THey calculated it perfectly.
6305079811|3.0|When I got cable in the mid-80's I must have watched this film 100 times.  It was interesting to see it again on DVD.  It is still a FUN movie.  The tone of the film is campy and adventurous.  I think it captures the fun of  the old serials very well -- i.e. Flash seems doomed, only to escape to  another tight squeeze!<br />The production design on FLASH GORDON is colorful  and bold.  Everything is bright and shiny (including the lycra hot pants on  Princess Aura!).  The sets are HUGE (example: The Hawk Men's floating  fortress).  I am particularly fond of the Arboria sets -- nice and  woodsey!<br />I think the performances from the actors fit the tone of the  film.  Melody Anderson as Dale is the best.  &quot;Go, Flash, go!&quot; is  a hilarious scene.  Sam Jones is sufficiently hunky and athletic as Flash.   And the Brits add a dash of class and fun (Timothy Dalton and Brian  Blessed).  Ornella Muti as Princess Aura has the best role:  she changes  from vixen to heroine and gets to vamp around in colorful, sexy  costumes.<br />The rocket ships and sky effects are my favorite part of the  film as well.  There's something exciting about seeing FLASH GORDON rocket  ships flying through the air.<br />The DVD quality is OK.  I think the picture  transfer could have been better -- I know this film has a lot of blue  screen work, but surely it's not THAT grainy!  And I wish there were more  extras -- just a chapter index.
0783230079|3.0|I am only giving this DVD a 3 star rating not for the content of the MOVIE but the encoding.  Very poor quality, there are 'artifacts' throughout due to the poor job they did.  I LOVE the movie itself.....Get the VHS if you  get it (which I hate to say because VHS blows)
B00000I1IE|5.0|One of the best movies! I'm moving overseas and the only movie I'm going to bring with me is this one. I also love the music pay close attention.
6302759110|5.0|I loved almost everything about this. Cast, performance, direction, soundtrack.... I loved the way Coppola used the shadow to accentuate Vlad's moods as well a the usage of colors in the film...very well executed...best  adaptation of the tale since Dracula 1979 with Langella....I think Oldman  did a superior performance as the tragic figure....and Winona was  Winona....great actress and beautiful as she always is
B000001E18|5.0|After having listened to every U2 song ever recorded, I must say that &quot;Zooropa&quot; is one of the most underrated CDs for the band.  The smooth lyrics and rhythm make this a truly enjoyable musical experience.  &quot;Stay..&quot; and &quot;Lemon&quot; are my favorite tracks, but the  entire CD rocks!  Bono really demonstrates his poetic style and musical  range in this product, which I will be listening to until I die.
6302517036|5.0|A funny look at cookery in the 80s. By that I mean the human's necks that Sarandon bites on! Buy it now! Also see 'The Lost Boys' and 'Fright Night Pt 2' both as good!
B00000099Y|5.0|Five out of five. If you like the stuff you've heard by Tool on the radio, you will definetly enjoy this whole album. I'm not a fan of earlier Tool, but this is a must-have album. Their music talent is great, and their  ability to generate really neat sound effects really adds to the album.
B00000K2SE|1.0|Thin storyline, poor acting and very very boring.Stunts and techy was good but film had no depth. The most overrated film of the year.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I Love Fiona Apple.  She has a soft soothing voice.  She helps me to relieve stress. Not only that but she sings about things that effect people so that they listen to the words.  WAY TO GO FIONA
067166736X|5.0|Dr. Frankl's logotherapy is straightforward and easy to understand. It is also a useful antidote to the rather frightening drift in psychology during the past two decades toward strict biological determinism.<br />This  particular work is one I keep at hand and re-read on a regular basis. I  read it for the first time a few months after I started medical treatment  and therapy for life-long depression. I get more from it each time I go  back to it.<br />Logotherapy manages an incredible balance. It does not put  man himself at the center of the universe, thus avoiding the kind of  narcissistic self-reflection common to much of the therapeutic literature  today. Yet, it does not sweep man aside as irrelevant. Instead, Frankl  argues that we have an incredible power to shape our attitudes and  responses to the challenges life presents us and that we inevitably grow  thanks to these challenges.<br />This is a quick read and could conceivably  change your life. Man is more than the sum of his biology and his  environment. We inevitably choose to be who we are. Frankl's argument is  that, if we choose wisely, we can triumph even in tragedy. It's a truth  many of us have lost sight of in our cynicism.
0671027344|5.0|I thought that the book was great. Not only did it show how teenagers feel, and react to things it shows that teenagers aren't always thinking about things that most adults think we are (ex. sex) I know how Charlie  feels when he meets someone that you just can't get off your mind. Being a  teen is the best thing that anyone can go through and everyone knows that  its true. We all learn so much. Charlie shows that all by writing his inner  most thoughts. I couldn't put this book down.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I purchased this album while just browsing through the jazz section. I am not (correction) was not a really big jazz buyer but I am trying to get more into it. I listened to a sample of her album and I was hooked from the  start. Diana out does herself with this album. Every song is a winner! I  went out and bought two of her earlier CD's immediately and I plan to  finish out my collection soon.
0553213105|5.0|I read this book after seeing the movie You've Got Mail.  I owned the book but had never gotten the energy to read it.  After I saw the movie I was inspired to read this classic.  I found the book increased my reading  ability.  I am an avid reader but had not read anything that required a  dictionary within arms reach.  I am very happy I read this book and plan to  read it again(something I never do) this summer.  I am sure there are  aspects I missed.  Enjoy!
B00000IMCW|5.0|George A. Romero's Dawn of the Dead is a true horror epic classic if ever there was one. Horror genre fanatics and detrators know of the obvious artistic defects and omissions always inherantly found in 95 percent of all  horror offerings.     Yet, when George A Romero's Night of the Living Dead  became an unimaginable horror movie milestone back in 1969. Heads began to  roll both in awe and in complete disgust of this overwhelmingly bleak black  and white cheaply made account of a zombie apocalypse taking place in rural  Pennslyvania. The film's low budget in fact enhanced the film dreary  surrealistic intensity which re-defined the horror genre the same way  Hitchcock's Psycho had done nine years earlier.    Dawn of the Dead was  Romero's official sequal to that movie masterpiece, and he did have some  very large expectations to live up to.    Filmed in 1978, the film takes  the anxieties and paranoia about human transgressions, materialism,  self-preservation, and greed and builds upon these fine foundations. Then  Romero craftily created an awe inspiring cinematic orgy of gore, gunfire,  entrails, decapitations, body explosions galore, make-up special effects,  human disenbowelment, and an un-godly display of stage blood to create the  70's ultimate movie gore fest, and now Romero was filming his canvas in  color!     Suprisingly beyond this seemingly intolerable barage of gore,  Romero had create a tour de force presentation of how brutal huanity is  willing to extend itself for self-preservation.   The un-believable reality  that Romero had fabricated such a remarkable amount of intelligent critical  analysis upon the the American Commercial or Materialstic culture through  the forum of a horror movie is the greatest shock of them all.    If you  can handle this unbelieveable gore attack upon your senses you will find an  unapprecated horror film masterpiece that deserves to be cherished. Dawn's  philosophical, religious, and moral implicatons  are just as thrillingly  enjoyable as all the film's other more obvious contents. Dawn of the Dead  is the ultimate artistic intellectual horror film that mightbe more real  than you can handle. P.S. Watch through thecredits.
0679746048|4.0|I thought that this book was extremely well written, except for the fact that Kaysen goes back and forth that sometimes it throws you off a bit. However, I think that this is one of the greatest books I have ever read
0783226063|5.0|While David Lynch's film adaptation of Frank Herbert's sci-fi classic DUNE is not without flaws, it offers the lover of expansive, detailed politico-military epics much to enjoy. The plot is not as byzantine as some  reviewers made it out to be, but is complicated enough to keep the film  from being predictable. The filmaker's efforts to make the plot come alive  on four entirely different planets is both ambitous and wholly successful.  Even if enjoyed only as a visual feast for the eyes, DUNE is a pleasure. Be  warned however, film-goers who prefer comedy, constant action, or heavy  romance may not enjoy DUNE that much. But if you love large, beautifully  filmed epics like SPARTACUS, BRAVEHEART, and ALEXANDER NEVSKY, then DUNE is  probably for you.
B0000033K2|5.0|This is a great box set.  7Cds  comprising all of Coltranes work on the Atlantic label. This includes all the material on 10 albums: 1.Giant Steps, 2.Coltrane Jazz, 3.Bags and Trane, 4. My favorite things, 5. ole coltrane,  6. coltrane plays the blues, 7. coltranes sound, 8. the avant garde, 9. the  coltrane legacy, 10. coltrane-alternate takes.  These albums are all  contained on the first 6 discs in the set. the track order  has been  modified so that tracks are presented in the original chronological order.  The seventh disc  consists of several alternate takes(which are only  available in this box set). This is great material and  is  should be in  every serious jazz collection. it is worth noting that most of this is  available as individual discs  and  many collectors may want to accumulate  this one CD at a time. The accompanying book and overall packagingare  excellent My only complaint is that this is a very expensive set.  there  are also a lot of alternate takes (but serious listeners will enjoy these).  buyers should note that this is not a  complete collection of Coltrane's  work.  A lot of coltranes best work(Alove supreme)was done on Impulse  records and is therefore not in this set. Overall this is a wonderful  collection, if it were only more affordable
6304106017|5.0|This is by far the best movie i've ever seen.  The whole scenario is portrayed so well that you get caught up in it quite easily.  The lines are great, and the characters are unforgetable.  The camera angles were equally  as great as the cast of characters.  Overall this was a great movie!
0440133688|5.0|It's interesting to hear non-medical opinions on HOG. This book is actually not that humorous. I can see how it &quot;seems&quot; to be; with all the dark morbid humor and the LAWS. A colleage told me not to read this book until i had finished my 3rd year of MD-school. Why? Until you put  yourself on the ward, this book doesn't mean much to you. I didn't believe  him and read it at the end of my 2nd year. I read it again at the end of my  3rd year. It was like i was reading a different novel. There is no way to  clearly describe the sensation of having 7 admissions on call...all  gomers....trying desperatly to BUFF and TURF them. <br />This book is a must  read for the doctor to be. The nonmedical world has to realise that what  seems as perverse dark sick humor (gomers, turfing, not doing anything, the  only good admission is a dead admission) is merely an attempt to survive  the onslaught of internship. Balance fatigue with limited knowledge and  throw in some unparralled responsibility and you get a taste of what it's  like.<br />House of God does just that.<br />Oh.. and never ever.... go to a  teaching hospital in July. :)
0880381736|5.0|THIS IS AN ABSOLUTE MUST-READ FOR ALL.I RECCOMEND THIS BOOK TO ANYONE, EVEN THOSE WHO WERE NEVER INTERESTED IN FANTASY BECAUSE ONCE U READ THIS YOU'LL GET STUCK TO IT. THE CHARACTERS OF DRAGONS OF AUTUMN TWILIGHT ARE  RICH DEEP AND HAVE FULL BACKGROUND. YOU WILL ENJOY THE HUMOR OF TASSLEHOFF  BURRFOOT AND THE COMPLEXITY OF TANIS AS WELL AS RAISTLIN. ALL OF THE  CHARACTERS ARE SOME OF THE BEST LAID OUT IN A LONG WHILE. FROM THIS BOOK,  YOUR JOURNEY BEGINS...
0140185232|5.0|Simply a great novel.  It's a wonderful combination of an easy read and a fine work of art.  Just read it, already.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Simply a great movie.  I've seen it 3 times, and intend to buy it so my girlfriend and I can watch it over and over.
B000002NHN|5.0|I recently purchased this CD for my wife's brother-in law for Christmas after he had heard a cut from it  on the radio.  After receiving this gift for Christmas he was kind enough to make me an audo cassette from the CD  which I play every morning and night to and from work in my car. The only  music I had ever heard from Loreena Mckennit was The Mummers Song which I  am sure everyone has heard but never had the opporutunity to hear any other  selections from her CD's.  After hearing The Book of Secrets I am sorry it  took me this long to discover this wonderful artist.  To listen to this CD  in the quiet of your home with the lights low is one of the most beautiful  and haunting musical experiences I have ever had the pleasure to hear. It  is impossible to describe her music.  You just have to be there and hear  it.  I would recommend it to anyone seeking a new and different experience  in music.
B00003003R|4.0|This cd is the best cd i have bought in a while. i like every song that is on it. The one bad thing is that all the songs are live, i dont really like live cd's but this cd kicks @ss. If you are a true gnr fan i suggest you  buy this cd.
0767803434|1.0|I have not seen it yet, thought the first few reviews were Ok but the one that gives the whole plot away should NOT be put on line, what the hell use is it if I now have the end of the film. Sorry to put this here but you  dont seem to have space for `other` comments.
0812548094|4.0|I love this series.Although this is not my favorite book of the series because there was alot of focus on the one city; Goodkind manages to keep the reader enthralled.  I can never put these books down.
B00000IPAX|5.0|For all those people who thought Blink 182 are sell outs their are kinda right.Their deffenitly not pop!It's hard to imagine that teenage girls walking around singing Dumpweed,Dinastary Gary,Anthem and The Party  song.Plus what kind of Pop artist would have a Parental Advisory CD!
6305546797|5.0|Normally you would expect a dull and scratchy copy of &quot;Halloween&quot;, but this edition is THX Remastered. So the picture quality and sound is better than fantastic. It's so clear that it was like  the movie had just been made now, and the sound was sensational, the  Halloween theme music was so clear that I could catch every single note  in  the tune. This edition also come with a Television version of Halloween.  This means that its Halloween with twelve minutes of new filmed footage,  which isn't all that great, but every fan would like to see it anyway. Of  course it will come with the rest like theatrical trailers and interviews,  but it also comes with radio advertisement trailers and a documentary  called Halloween Unmasked which tells you everything you would want to know  about the classic. Last but not least, you get your choice of widescreen or  fullscreen view. An absolute must have for every Halloween and horror fan  out there.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|i thouhgt this cd would be good because of guerilla radio and testify but when I got the cd the other songs were slow,and made no sense.This is by far my worst cd.
0380789019|5.0|Gaiman's skillful use of the language evokes great descriptions of characters and scenery. He created unique and interesting characters and wove colorful dialogue for each of them. I hope to see future novels by Gaiman with this underground world and characters in them.
B000002UDB|4.0|the highlights are: &quot;Magical mystery tour&quot; and  &quot;Blue jay way&quot;.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Ill get right to the point. This CD is incredible. It is sheer genius from beginning to end. Its IS the best CD i own, or have ever heard in my entire existence. It kicks the hell out of KoRn, it brushes Fear Factory to the  curb, and makes every other band around, feel awkward and amateurish. This  CD is a must buy. It is the best 15 I have spent in my lifetime. I also  suggest you buy the CD with the extra tracks, because they are both  excellent. As for slanderous comments made by other reviewers who claim  KoRn are better, and individuals are more talented. Slipknot have under  their belt, a legion of the most loyal fans a band could wish for, why dont  you try telling us how u feel when you are with us, youll see how dearly we  love this band. Joey is a fantastic drummer. I would even dare to say the  best Drummer i have heard. He is also a very nice guy, and i had the  pleasure of meeting him once in London, with his mask off of course. Corey  taylor is disputably the best vocalist on the planet, perhaps along side  Chino Moreno of Deftones fame. His emotion is pure, and unadultarated. As a  live act they are virtually perfect. Slipknot are not a 5 star band, they  are 110% , 6 stars, worth everything, no immitations, no limitations. Get  this or die.
B000001F5F|5.0|U2 is one of the best live groups. but the album is only 35 minutes long. if it only was a bit longer.
B00000JMQC|5.0|The return to oz is an awsome movie that may come across as dark as compaired to the wizard of oz.  However, this movie is much better than the first. It is a movie that, once seen, will stay in your mind forever if you like it or not.  I remember seeing this movie when i was much younger, and  I still recall many details about it.  I suggest that you get this movie
0394720288|5.0|Superb! This is a perfect book, ambrosia from start to finish.  Includes many classic Woosterisms, plus Bertie's menu for his dream meal; I plan one day to realize that feast...as soon as I learn French.  If you don't enjoy  this book, there may be something rum with your thingummy.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is the best action-adventure movie i have ever seen. It is exciting, and great!  I really recomend it to whoever hasn't seen it.
0553296981|5.0|IT WAS ALSO SINCERE AS IT CAME FROM THE VERY DEEPEST TUNNELS OF HER HEART. SHE WROTE DOWN WHAT SHE FELT, AND SHE FELT WHAT SHE WROTE DOWN. PICK THIS BOOK UP AND I GUARANTEE THAT YOU WILL NOT STOP READING IT. EVERY HOUSEHOLD  DESERVES THIS BOOK ON ITS SHELF.<br />THIS WAS A SAD AND TRAGIC BOOK AND  UNDER ITS CONDITIONS I HAVE NO IDEA HOW SHE (ANNE) MANAGED TO WRITE  SOMETHING SO DEEP AND BEAUTIFUL. IT WAS A VERY TOUCHING EXPERIENCE, TO READ  THIS BOOK. IT MADE ME CRY AND I KNOW IT WILL GET TO YOUR HEART AS WELL. YOU  WILL LOVE IT. ON A SCALE OF ONE TO FIVE THIS GETS A SEVEN AND A HALF.
B00000J7J4|5.0|One of the great guitarists of the century makes an AMAZING album since Abraxas, adding so much spice, it's bound to satisfy. this album proves that Carlos is a versitile musician, working with the likes of everlast,  rob thomas, and lauryn hill to make a successful slab of tunes.  i took  this album for the ultimate test, a road trip.  ten plays later, and it  still had staying power.  no respective collection should be without it...
0385484518|5.0|This book is a short read yet I found myself rereading to remind myself of the many life lessons that it holds within its pages. It reminds us to live life fully and to love each other or perish. Simple yet true phrases you  find yourself jotting down as you read this beautifully written story of a  student and his Professor.
6305627401|5.0|Yarak gibi... Well this is the word in Turkish for that one... Ne desem bo... If you just know what is South Park you have to ownn this one. It's just amazing! I think last summer Walt D. really turned in his grave ...  It's nice to see S.P. R rated... Really UNCUT.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Ever since Scary Monster, Bowie hasn't really been the same. He's experimented with mainstream pop, forming a band, jazz and funky pop, techno, and whatever you want to considor Outside...he experimented with  that too... &quot;Thursday's Child&quot; is the best ballad David has  written in years and &quot;The Pretty Things are Going to Hell&quot; is the  best rock song he's written in a long time. My favorites on the cd are  &quot;Something in the Air&quot;, &quot;Survive&quot;, and &quot;The  Dreamers&quot;.  There's a lot of great guitar work on here by Reeves  Gabrels especially on &quot;Survive&quot;, &quot;The Pretty Things are  Going to Hell&quot;, and &quot;What's Really Happening&quot;.  Hours...is  definately a change for the better. It truely displays maturity along with  a wild mix of emotions.
6304493681|4.0|Just watched the video and am now buying the DVD.<br />Not for the intellectually challenged who *only* want to see things blown up.<br />In the next few decades there will be revolutionary advances in the sciences of  artificial intelligence, biotechnology, and nanotechnology.  This film is  about the new form some of humankind's oldest and most significant  questions will take as a result of these technologies.  What is thought?   What is consciousness?  What defines an individual?  Is it memory?  What if  those memories are altered?  Can consciousness exist in or arise in a  non-biological entity?  Should the rights currently only granted to humans  be extended to all sentient beings?  Can any person ever know for sure if  anyone else is conscious?<br />This movie is right on target for the year  2029.<br />Shades of Blade Runner and The Matrix.
0784010188|5.0|Terminator II is simply the best you can get!  Certainly the hottest action scenes you can see in the movies, the strongest built scenario that has minimum plot gaps, and a perfect Schwarzenegger that acts like a real  model T800 drives you crazy. A must buy!
6304981635|5.0|This was a great movie, not only was the film clear but also had great fights and a true demo of Bruce's skills.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book during a very difficult time in my life and it transformed my whole way of thinking. Morrie was a truly rare person who had a gift for finding what's really important in life. Mitch Albom does a superb job in showing how Morrie learns &quot;how to live through  dying.&quot; The book takes the everyday things that need to be appreciated  and highlights them while at the same time providing a very touching tale  of a professor and his former student. I gave this book to a few of my  friends for Christmas...it's that good. Do not pass this one by...it will  change your life.
0060930349|4.0|I find it very disappointing that most people have a kneejerk reaction to Paul Johnson. It seems as though if you are a conservative you love him and if you are a liberal you hate him. I find this very unfair. Mr. Johnson is always entertaining and frequently thought provoking. After reading this  book I have already bought biographies of Benjamin Franklin and Thomas  Edison because Mr. Johnson has brought them to life and has caused me to  want to learn more about them. For example, did you know that Mr. Edison  would frequently sleep under the table in his workshop so as to be able to  go right back to work when he woke up? Or that Calvin Coolidge once  summoned some of his staff in the White House and then hid under his desk  so that they couldn't find him? But this doesn't mean that this book is  full of fluff either. Mr. Johnson also gives you much &quot;straight&quot;  history and is not afraid to give you his opinions of the people and their  policies. He clearly thinks that Jefferson, FDR and John Kennedy were  overrated and Coolidge underrated, for example. He greatly admires Lincoln  and Theodore Roosevelt and Ronald Reagan. Probably one of the great lessons  of this book is that some distance is needed before a person or an event  can be judged fairly. Years ago one heard almost only positive things about  Thomas Jefferson. In recent years the pendulum has somewhat swung the other  way especially where Jefferson's writings on slavery are now seen to  diverge quite a bit from his practices in real life. But the beauty of this  book lies in the uncovering of personality. We also learn that Jefferson  had no sense of humor and that though he was a compulsive record keeper and  wrote down everything that he bought and sold he had absolutely no idea of  his financial situation, which was always getting worse, throughout his  life. He liked to present himself as a common farmer but spent vast sums on  fine wines and fancy clothes. He was a compulsive book buyer. He tended to  get migraines when under pressure. He was a minimalist as far as believing  in the power of the national government but did not hesitate to make the  Louisiana Purchase. In short, like all interesting people he was  inconsistent and quirky. I have dwelled on Jefferson but Mr. Johnson brings  numerous historical figures to life in the same way. I found the last 100  pages of the book disappointing in its handling of events since 1960. I  understand that many negative things about JFK have come to light in the  last 20 years or so but Mr. Johnson has nothing positive at all to say  about him. The space program, for example, is not shown in a positive light  at all but as a Kennedy obsession about &quot;competing&quot; and  &quot;having to win&quot;. Likewise, Mr. Johnson has nothing to say about  the serious personal flaws in the personality of Richard Nixon. It is clear  that Mr. Nixon throughout his life got a very unfair deal from a lot of the  press but is it not true that he was a bit paranoid about his perceived  enemies and therefore worsened the situation? Mr. Johnson states as a  blanket fact that Mr. Nixon knew nothing of the Watergate break-in  beforehand. This is possible, but then Mr. Johnson has nothing at all to  say about the coverup, which Nixon clearly did know about. The job of the  historian is to present all sides of an issue and not to ignore unpleasant  facts that do not support what you are trying to prove. It is also curious  that Mr. Johnson makes no attempt to analyze whether or not the U.S. should  ever have been in Vietnam. He faults the politicians for not listening to  the military in saying that an all-out massive effort was needed or the war  could not be won. In short, more discussion of both sides of the issue was  needed. But if you forget the last 40 years or so, the bulk of this book is  excellent.
8185300453|5.0|This is one of the top five books I have read in my life. Lucky is the one who has heard about this book and still lucky is the one who reads it, luckiest is the person who reads it daily. Any passage in the book helps you to go in deep meditation.The most authentic book and the best of all  the books of Nisargadatta maharaj. It is amazing that an illiterate man can  show the path of tremendous wisdom in front of which even a PhD would look  pale. Thank your stars if you are reading this review even.
0800177975|5.0|Forget what the critics said.  This movie works beautifully on several different levels.  As an action spoof it is hilarious, with many in-jokes, gags and cameos.  As a fantasy it is ingenious with Austin O'Brien very  appealing as a kid with a &quot;magic ticket&quot; that can transport him  from the real world into the fake world of action films. And it works  splendidly as a send up of Schwarzenegger's movie image giving him a big  chance to do what he does best-poke fun at himself.  It also works as one  of the most original buddy movies ever.  There is a lot going on here and  it will take a few viewings to catch everything but that is what makes a  good movie good.  The action is wall-to-wall, no doubt, like many other  action films, good or bad.  The sequences are very well done but contrived,  just like many of those previously mentioned films. But they are contrived  for a reason-to spoof the genre.  Because a lot of people who originally  saw this didn't get it, it is, in this critic's humble opinion, one of the  most misunderstood films of all time.  That accounted for its bad reviews  and low box office.  But it is my belief that this was largely due to poor  marketing.  When Schwarzenegger (who served as executive producer) would  appear on television to plug it, he made a fatal mistake.  His description  of this as a family movie was wrong.  It is very violent, even though that  too is done for a purpose.  Imagine what a lot of parents thought when they  took their kids to see this and within the first fifteen minutes or so,  several people are killed or injured and there are gunshots and explosions  galore.  It is a mistake that to this day Arnold's career hasn't been able  to completely recover from.Be that as it may, you must see this film for  what it is and enjoy imagination and spoof at its finest.  You will not be  disappointed!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a spectacular movie with outstanding visual effects! It is by far my favorite movie of all time!
0316286850|5.0|Kevyn is an extremely talented make-up artist who gives great tips on how to apply make-up and the right tools to use.I learned a lot of good tips which I use daily.
0380973642|5.0|It's so rare for a writer to be able to write about being a writer and not make it sound like he's tooting his own horn.  What's more, the Introduction got me out of my two-year writing slump and back in the saddle again!  You'll go places you never dreamed existed and get to peak in on  Gaiman's multi-faceted universe.  He's almost like a writer doing  impressions of other writers - and he admits to it, which is even more  endearing.<br />As anthologies go, this one flows and leaves the reader higher  than when he or she began.  It's NOT for children - although the first  story, &quot;Chivalry&quot;, is appropriate for anyone of any age.<br />I even  read it to my kids!
B000001IPL|5.0|This cd has a lot of attitude! It is very good and pretty straight forward.  All the songs have great beat and rythmn! The best songs are, &quot;Come Out And Play&quot;, &quot;Self Esteem&quot;, and &quot;Bad  Habit&quot;. If you love the Offspring and hard rock and roll, you will  LOVE this cd--I do!
B000002J2B|3.0|This is very much much a companion album to 'Trick of The Tail' in its themes and overall sound. However it falls a little short of its excellent predecessor despite some fine moments, particularly the beautiful ballad  'Blood on the Rooftops'. The icey instrumental 'Unquiet Slumbers for the  Sleepers' leads straight into the 'In that Quiet Earth' were the band move  up a gear and play to their strengths with fine muscianship and strong  instrumental melodies. 'Afterglow' closes things nicely as its swells and  fades.<br />The opener 'The Eleventh Earl of Mar' is also of merit and ebbs  and flows convincingly, but 'One for the Vine' is overlong and dull while  'All in a Mouse's Night' has silly lyrics and a bland tune. <br />'Your Own  Special Way' would not be out of place on a later release but doesn't  really fit in here although it is a pleasant enough ballad. 'Wot Gorilla?'  sounds more like a B-side but is quite an arresting diversion and helps  lighten the melancholy mood of the album.<br />Given the choice I would  certainly opt for 'A Trick of the Tail' but this album is certainly worth a  listen even if just to hear the difference Steve Hackett's guitar talents  make when compared to later synth heavy albums.
B000002MG1|1.0|NEEDLESS TO SAY FROM THE TITLE, I AM NOT A BIG REM FAN. BUT FROM WHAT I HEARD OF THIS ALBUM, IT'S THE SORT OF DRIVEL YOU COME TO EXPECT FROM GROUPS WHO ARE PREPARED TO RELEASE ANY TRIPE UNDER THE GUISE OF 'GRUNGE' MUSIC. IF  I MENTION THE TRACK, 'STAR ME KITTEN' THAT SHOULD SETTLE ANY ARGUMENTS  ABOUT MY COMMENTS IN MY FAVOUR. SORRY GUYS, BUT STICK TO PLAYING AT YOUR  LOCAL COMMUNITY HALLS AND LEAVE THE PROFESSIONAL WORK TO THOSE WHO CAN BE  ORIGINAL ........(IN OTHER WORDS U2!)
0440213525|5.0|The Client is a book that you won't stop reading. Full of suspense. Recommended to all. John Grisham's best. The book has a good plotline and is exciting to read.
B000009ED0|5.0|The cd is amazing and so is Kid Rock if I had to pick the best song on there I would pick definitly &quot;Bawitdaba&quot; Just remember if you like alternitive music this is the cd to pick
B00000J7J4|5.0|This was one of the best CDs I think I've ever ordered. The songs made you want to instantly get up and dance. &quot;Smooth&quot; Was my very favorite. Like most of the songs the rythem was extremly strong and worth  of praise. If I had to pick my favorite it would have to be &quot;Turn your  lights on&quot; that song is the image of perfect gloomy songs  everywhere.Over all you should get this cd!@~~~
B000009ED0|5.0|Kid Rock is the best artist in the world and he is the King of Rock and if I had to choose a favarite song I would choose &quot;bawitdaba&quot; Just remember if you  like Alternitive music choose this
630280082X|5.0|Crossroads will always have many fans including new fans daily.  Anyone I know that has seen this movie, loves it as I do.  The search for Robert Johnson's &quot;Lost Song&quot; was an excellent main story-line; but it  was also filled with friendship, romance, evil, history, several styles of  music, drama, fun &amp; an ending with super hot dueling guitars.  I don't  understand why the editorial reviewers didn't get very excited about the  movie.  Maybe they just don't care for &quot;Blues&quot;.  I would love to  see Ralph Machio in more movies.
6302787300|4.0|1492 is a story about Christopher Columbus's struggle to and in the \\"new world.\\"  It is overall a very good movie and very graphic.  The acting is good, and the cinematography is great.  It is also very historically  accurate.  Some parts are a bit hard to understand, but everything is  detailed and you never think this movie is recent.  It literally takes you  back in time.
B00001OH7U|5.0|Whoa, David Bowie is just one really talented dude.  Every song on this album is great, personally I prefer it to &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot;.  It sounds great, and it's pretty layered and dense, especially for the 1970s.   One of the few albums I would classify as ahead of it's time.  There is  nothing I can really say that hasn't been said by people much more  qualified than me, except that I suggest you but it.
6305508550|3.0|This film starts out in a very promising way, offering broadly stereotypical characters in a comically banal work environment.  The protagonist's situation resembles that of Ed Norton's character in the  brilliant Fight Club; both men occupy boring, empty existences framed by  IKEA furniture and jobs of mind-numbing tedium.  However, while Fight Club  quickly veers into new and exciting cinematic territory, Office Space  settles into a formulaic, predictable and utterly inoffensive story about  inept white-collar crime.  <br />This isn't a terrible movie and, depite  relying too much on the single most overused comedic topic of prison life,  it does have some funny moments.  I'm usually a big Mike Judge fan, but his  brand of laziness works far more successfully in a short Beavis and  Butthead episode than in this cautious and unambitious first foray into  live-action filmmaking.
B00001ZWTS|4.0|If you were a fan of the original television version of Wild, Wild West, you'll like the movie.  Plenty of gadgets and plenty of laughs. Will Smith and Kevin Kline make a wonderful team. This is a great DVD!
6302787297|4.0|This movie definitely portrays what Colombus' life was like in the 1400s.  The violence and treachery particularly portray that time.  The battles with the Indians are really graphic but I think very accurate.  The music  probably helped with the battles too.  You definitely see all the  factors in Columbus life that helped or not, and all the challenges of  nobility he had to overcome.  The church, Queen Isabella, Moceco and the  Spanish Inquisition are only some of ingredients added to the stew of a  twisting plot.  The Sound track definitely added towards the mood of  the movie. It helped the flow of action move smoothly.  It gave you a clear  understanding of what Columbus felt.  The only thing the movie lacked  was being entirely historically accurate.  The director added in this thing  of a Spanish noble kind of being Colombus's evil nemesis.  I'm not really  sure where that came from.  Some of the dialogue  didn't sound like it was  from the 1400s.  Some of the cast was definitely not Spanish.  Moceco  looked like he was Indian.  You couldn't understand what Columbus was  saying sometimes.  And just other little details were added to make the  story more like a movie.<br />Overall it was pretty good.  If you like  learning about Columbus see this.
B000007OY0|5.0|This is the most devastatingly beautiful picture I have ever seen   I just watched it for the first time and was compelled to see how and if others were as affected as I was.   It left me speechless.
B00000K19E|4.0|This is a great movie.  You'll really get immersed in the world they portray to you, however you may want to buy the VHS version.  The creators tried to jam pack this DVD full of extras, but it causes the movie to  freeze at inoppertune times.  You also cannot access all of the extra  features.  The manufactuer is aware of these problems &amp; intends to  re-release the corrected DVD mid-end Jan 2000.
B00002MZ4W|3.0|Newly Adapted Lyrics:<br />&quot;I bought this CD too soon I don't know how to live without my hand on its throat, I fight it always and still, Oh darling, it's so sweet, you think you know how crazy, how crazy she is, You  say it's ok you won't hate, but I know and I pray that you will!<br />Fast as  you can baby run free yourself of this fast as you can... Fast as you can  baby run free yourself of this fast as you can...<br />This may seem soft in  your palm but she'll soon grow hungry for a fight, and she will not let you  win,<br />Her pretty mouth will find the phrases that will disprove your faith  in her, And if she tries to find her way into your heart with a charming  voice...<br />Fast as you can baby scratch it up free yourself fast as you  can... Fast as you can baby scratch it up free yourself fast as you  can...<br />Sometimes, her voice don't shake and shift, But most of the time  it does, And she'll get to a place where she'll be begging for a buck...  She'll drown in the wonders and the was And she'll be your girl, if you  give it as a gift, And you give her some more of your money, And she'll be  your pet, if you give her money, I'm tired of whys, choking on whys, Need a  little less because, because...<br />I got this CD and then I even tried  forgiving it, but it's too soon so I'll fight again, again, again, again,  again.<br />And for a little while more I'll soar the uneven chords complain  and blame her cracky voice, But if you're getting any bright ideas, quiet  dear,<br />She's blooming within,<br />Fast as you can baby wait watch her,  she'll sing better Fast as she can, maybe late but at least about Fast as  you can forget her let this thing sell itself  Fast as you can... Fast as  you can Fast as you can Fast as you can Fast as you can!
6305657947|1.0|Horrible.  Easily one of the worst 20 movies I've ever seen.  The only plus, if you consider such things pluses,  is that whenever the film gets so ridiculously horrible you're ready to  walk out, the main actress takes off her top  and you get some gratuitous nudity.  This movie is horrible.  Anyone  who rents it, let alone buys it, will feel embarressed afterwards.
B00000JCB2|5.0|u gotta buy this cd! its the best! if u get this rocking cd u should listen 2 number 4!  its the best!
B000002MUN|4.0|This summer a friend of mine had a tape of Wildfowers in his car and we'd listen to it straight through, turning it up whenever we got to &quot;Honey Bee&quot; perhaps the most vibrant song on the whole album.  Admittedly, I  don't have all of the Tom Petty CDs, in fact I only own this one and the  Greatest Hits, but maybe that's why I like this one so much.  Standing  alone, this album has a lot of strengths: the tunes are catchy, most of the  lyrics (not including &quot;To Find A Friend&quot;) are strong and  complete, and its easy to strum any of these on a guitar (like most Tom  Petty songs).  Slower tunes like &quot;Crawling Back to You&quot; (my  personal favorite) and the popular &quot;Wildflowers&quot; song keep this  album creative and sensitive.  the Cabin song, &quot;You Wreck me  Baby&quot; and &quot;Honey Bee&quot; remind us that Tom Petty is still a  rock and roll icon and won't quit.  And while the hits on this album,  &quot;You Don't Know How it Feels,&quot; and &quot;It's Good to Be  King&quot; are not the best songs on the CD, both of them are good.  For  people who are fans of those songs, you will be pleasantly surprised by the  rest of the songs on this cd.  Makes me wanna go out and buy some more Tom  Petty.
B0000062S0|4.0|The failure of this disc to sell big is proof that the majority of Zep's American audience were 70's metalheads who can't tell the difference between Led Zeppelin and Foghat. This is a powerful white blues record,  sounding at times a lot like HOUSES OF THE HOLY and PHYSICAL GRAFFITI. Page  is on throughout- he's been saving these licks for 15 years and he sounds  fresh. There's a tremelo thing going on that's new to Page's sound, but  mostly it's that spidery, weedy lead work that stands out on &quot;When The  World Was Young&quot; and the title track. No screaching from Plant, but a  more subtle style befitting a 50 year old with an intimate knowledge of  sorrow. Very similar in overall vibe to Bob Dylan's TIME OUT IF MIND. And  the drummer is a match for Bonham. Good record. I would also highly  recommend picking up the &quot;Shining In The Light&quot; single, with 28+  minutes of solid live material.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 reaches an emotional high point with the release of this album, their best album to date.  Reminding me in ways of REM's Automatic for the people album, this CD is overwhelmed by a mellow intensity that U2 hasn't been  able to capture since.  Songs like the classic &quot;With or Without  You,&quot; &quot;In God's Country,&quot; and &quot;Running to Stand  Still&quot; really showcase the lyrical beauty and simple melodies of this  masterpiece album. While my favorite song, &quot;All I Want is You&quot;  does not appear on this album, I would still say that this album is a must  in anyone's collection, fan of U2 or not.  Without this album, where would  music be today?
0800177177|3.0|Bram Stoker's Dracula? Hardly. More like MTV's Dracula where he walks around in London, wearing fashionable sunglasses. This is a Dracula where Victorian feeling in the book has been changed for stupid sex-remarks. And  a Dracula movie where the cast speaks english with an american accent  looses all credibility. Keanu Reeves is lousy and booring as Jonathan  Harker, Winona Ryder doesn't fit in at all. Only Anthony Hopkins is really  good as Doctor Van Helsing. Gary Oldman could have been good, it it wasn't  for ridiculous outfits.<br />This movie is good for anyone that hasn't read  the books and doesn't have fond memories of the old Hammer-films with  Cristopher Lee. It has a good set (if you don't count Gary Oldmans Dracula  outfit), nice special effects and a good script. It just isn't  Dracula.<br />See this a costly monstermovie and try to keep all the other  vampire-movies from your mind. Then you might enjoy this. As it is, it's  too much Hollywood for me. See Nosferatu instead (any verion).
B00000IAU3|4.0|I first heard of Dido on the Sliding Doors Soundtrack where her song &quot;Thank You&quot; appeared and I was impressed by the sweet, soft melody.  Also, I felt it was about time lyrics were more optimistic, and  &quot;Thank You&quot;s genuine lyrics actually made me feel good about  relationships.  Enough so that I went and bought the cd, and found that  many of the songs didn't share this optimistic quality in their lyrics but  did share the musical quality.  The songs &quot;Here With Me,&quot;  &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; and &quot;All You Want&quot; rank right up  there with &quot;Thank You&quot; but I don't think any quite surpass  &quot;Thank You&quot;'s happy message and peaceful melody.  This CD is a  good one though and Dido is definitely talented in this day and age where  Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera get all the credit.  Thank you, Dido.
0767821629|5.0|A wonderful movie. Like the other reviewers, I was led to believe it was a concept without execution. As I was watching it, I thought it was a film noir homage. Fair enough. It was, but it played off of this homage very  nicely and created a complex, well-executed concept movie. Do yourself a  favor: Watch it, wait a day, then watch it again. You'll see two different  movies!
B000006OAM|4.0|Natalie Merchant's album &quot;Ophelia&quot; contains one hit song--&quot;Kind and Generous.&quot;  Of all of this cd's songs, that one is probably the only one that COULD be a single, because of its poppy tune  and cutesy lyrics.  So when you buy this cd, don't expect a bunch of songs  like &quot;Kind and Generous.&quot;  Natalie really strays from her  traditional Tigerlily tunes, experimenting with her sound, challenging  herself.  After the first listen, I wasn't that impressed with this CD, in  fact I was downright disappointed.  I wanted to hear the Natalie I'd known  from 10000 Maniacs, from Tigerlily.  But after listening again and again,  it was clear that Natalie was trying new things here, and I praise her for  it.  Songs like &quot;Break Your Heart&quot; and &quot;My Skin&quot; steal  you with their emotional intimacy, their sad melodies, and Natalie's  intense voice.  This one is for the real Natalie Merchant fan since you  aren't going to find a lot of radio songs on this album.
0395389496|5.0|This is one of my favorite stories of all time and now it is a favorite of my children.  A must read.  There are vivid pictures and a great story about a boy who recieves a xmas bell as the first gift of christmas.  I could read this over and over.
0684872153|5.0|This is one of the best books i have ever read!It makes you greatfull for every little thing you have.  Its soul touching and wonderfull!I recomend it to everyone!
B000002V07|2.0|I hate to be a spoilsport, but I just got done with my upteenth attempt at listening to this cd without thinking of everything else. Mazzy Star's first album, &quot;She Hangs Brightly&quot;, is a true masterpiece,  definitely on my Top 10 Best '90's Albums list. But this...after 'Fade Into  You' (an awesome track), the songs just become an endlessly monotonous  drone. It is easily the most  boring and listless album  that I have ever  heard. It's  not bad, it's just boring. I can't even recall one single  moment of energy. It may be your cup of tea, but it's not mine.
0345350499|5.0|Allow me to preface by revealing that I devour everything even remotely related to the Arthurian legend(s).  Thus, it was with a breathless awe with which I reached for this book and found myself staying up late nights  in a blizzard-ish attempt to consume all 870+ pages.<br />The story is woven  superbly.  The characters leap into animation before one's very eyes,  recreating the aura of a long-lost age with a brilliance that heretofor I  had only known in Orson Scott Card's novels.  There is a very thorough,  very pronounced sense of setting illustrated by awesome scenery.  This was  truly a feast for the imagination.<br />Highly recommended to anyone even  remotely intrigued by Arthurian romance or whatnot.  :-)
6304712499|3.0|Ya know, I have seen both the PG-13 and R rated versions of this film, and I honestly could not tell the difference. Will somebody PLEASE tell me exactly how the two versions differ from each other!  But anyway, the  computer generated graphics were excellent, the soundtrack was dynamic, and  the story was well written. However, Clown seemed like a pretty pointless  and vulgar character to me.
0891416811|5.0|I read this book back in the 70's, I must have checked this book out of the libary at least a half a dozen times.  I was in a bookstore just last night when I caught the book title out of the corner of my eye.  I started to re-read the book right then & there and it came to me why I  enjoyed  this book so long ago.  Its the realism, I felt I was right beside the  author from jump school to the training in England prior to D-Day.  Anyone who  wants to understand the life of a foot soldier in WWII this is a must read.  I bought Currahee and his 2 new books!  I can't wait to finish re-reading  his first book and then start the other two.
B00000JJQK|5.0|I've owned this recording since it was released in 1966. Even though the vinyl LP is Mono, no one was making recordings like this in 1966. It doesn't matter what your opinion is of the group or it's leader, no one  made recordings like this.  I have all of the other vinyl LP's in excellent  condition if anyone is interested.
B000002L80|5.0|I absolutely love this album.  This is the first album by them I remember hearing.  My father is a huge TH fan, this album came out the year I turned two, my father bought it around then, played it with me around, and I was  constantly begging to hear it in whatever way a not-quite-two-year-old baby  boy can.  I am now sixteen years old, and still like this album just as  much now as I did then.  This album has lots of great tunes on it,  &quot;And She Was&quot; is great, &quot;Stay Up Late&quot; is hilarious,  &quot;Television Man&quot; is catchy, you just can't go wrong.  This is one  of my favorite TH albums, and is one of the best albums of the mid-80s, up  there somewhere with Queen's A Kind Of Magic.  I highly reccomend Little  Creature's to anyone, it's awesome.
B0000029LG|1.0|I am a Michael Jackson fan. Thriller, Bad, and Dangerous are three of my favorite albums. I don't think I go more than a week without playing something from The King of Pop. It was with great disappointment I got with  this record. Forget Part I. Those songs are classic and I can't imagine any  MJ fan not having those already. And there are two really nice songs on  side II. Scream, and Tabloid Junkie. My problem with this is he is so angry  in his songs and screaming, and ranting it takes away from his music.  Money, Scream, This Time Around, 2Bad. juss awful. It totally ruined the  album for me. We all know what he was going through at the time the record  was being recorded but he could've come up with a more uplifting tone  instead of lowering himself to reflect what was going on and trying to pass  it off as music. I wish he had never recorded the album and the time to  release 15 of his classics on a Greatest Hits album would've been at a  later more pleasant stage in his life. He has alot to make up for when it  comes to this album.
B00000K2SC|1.0|This movie was a total waste of money and special effects. Keanu Reeves does NOT fit the role and the only thing worth mentioning in this movie was Laurence Fishburne's acting.
0780625129|2.0|This is a very dissapointing movie.  The theme makes sense, and it's style is basically what it should be, but watching as it plays out is boring and cliche; classic hollywood attempt to make money through shcok tactics.  It  become very predictable and sappy as the movie goes on.  I won't say that  neo-nazis have been done to death in movies, because in actuallity they  haven't.  most film makers seem to shy away from such a subject because of  its controversy.  i can understand why someone would feel the need to make  this movie, but this is one they should have left alone.  <br />Edward Norton  plays an ex-bonehead neo-nazi.  He has just been released from prison to  find that his younger brother, played by Edward Furlong, is following the  same path he once went down:  become a down and out hate monger.   Throughout this movie, Nortan tries his best to come to terms with his past  and the people he once called friends, all the while trying his best to  keep his little bro away from the same crowd.  This all sounds nice a good,  but as the movie goes on it becomes rather boring.  Every character is  cliche, and we are offered no real insight to the problem of racism in  America today.  Although its very easy to believe that nazis are the  ultimate evil, as almost every character except Nortan and Furlong are  portrayed as, that seems like an easy answer to a difficult question:  why  do these people hate?  I gained nothing from this movie, and i think it  could have been done much better.  Aside from Ed Nortan's performance,  which was spectacular, there is really no need to watch this movie.  if you  really want a clear, un-biased look at the white power problem in this  country, look for one of those HBO documentaries...those are usually pretty  good.
B000001EGA|3.0|Let's not get carried away here...there are some good songs on this record, but several turkeys as well. Someone Saved My Life Tonight, Bitter Fingers,  Better Off Dead, and the title track are among his best. Tell Me  When The Whistle Blows and Writing are lousy. An uneven effort that rates  no more than three stars.
6300213668|5.0|The music in this film is so good I would suggest buying the soundtrack.  Sandy a real goodie-goodie falls in love with Danny a real bad boy.   Danny is part of the in crowd but Sandy has to decide wether or not to hold onto  her child hood ideas of being a goodie goodie or  become a little wild.   The songs and cheography are wonderful.  This is a classic everyone should  watch.  My friends and I love this movie.  We read the play books, qoute  the movie, and listen to the soundtrack all  the time. This movie is  awesome!
B000002MUN|4.0|Good songs, great mood music. I love the lush strings on &quot;Good To Be King,&quot; and the acoustic guitar on the title track.  Petty is introspective on this record, due largely to the breakup of his marriage.  The sincerity and pain come through in the lyrics and music, and it's the  understated backing that to me makes the record sound clear and concise.   Not a classic, but an excellent recording.
0446310786|4.0|I recently finished this book and I really enjoyed it. The description of the feelings and scenery is wonderful, but doesn't overly describe, so there's a lot of legroom for you imagination. The characters Jem and Scout were fully three dimensional and grew with the book. Atticus was the  perfect parent, and always led his children in the right direction and told  them the truth without being harsh. Overall the book, was absoulutly great,  but there was only one thing I didn't like. After the book was done, it  leaves the reader wondering what happens to Jem, Scout, Dill and Boo. Does  Scout marry Dill? Does Jem decide to be a lawyer like Atticus? Other than  that, I found the book to be excellent
0425170349|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing! I cant believe that some of you people thought it was too long, or that the ending was too rushed. This book combined everything from terrorist standoffs to a fatal viral disease. Trust me, read this book, you wont be able to put it down!
B000000Y59|4.0|if i had to pick 3 CDs that represent Evan's work this would be one of them
B000031WD9|5.0|&quot;American Pie&quot; is smart, funny, and unlike most movies directed at teenagers, this one is extremely realistic. I was very suprised at how great the acting was in this film compared to many other teen flicks.  Not  to mention, the casting was nearly perfect.  <br />Though I dont think this  movie will receive an academy award, I really think it deserves one.  Any  movie this funny and enjoyable should be rewarded.  The characters had a  ton of depth and by the end of the movie, you feel like you know them.<br />I  recomend this film to pretty much anybody.  My parents, who are in their  50s loved it.  I loved it.  All my friends loved it.  In fact, I have yet  to meet somebody who did not love it. After you see this movie, you will be  saying quotes from it for years to come.  That is how memorable this movie  is.  An instant classic! <br />Also: Watch for the awkwardness between Jim  and his father.  It is absolutely hilarious.  Every scene containing these  two characters were very well done and painfully funny.  (I especially  liked the scene where Jim's father was giving him a lecture on  masterbating)
B00000IAU3|5.0|I picked up this CD after hearing an MP3 of the song on the net (get that you pinheads in the recording industry?).  I was pleasantly surprised at the whole album.  I am a big Sarah Mclachlan fan, and this is a cross  between her and Portishead (or techno-McLachlan as my neighbor called it).   It's very good background music while I'm coding.
B00000I8NC|4.0|Godspeed You Black Emperor aren't the most subtle group in the world. Their massive stage set up and ensemble of sounds makes it hard for them not to seem melodramatic. Add in some tapes of guys talking about  sociopolitical problems and the government underneath it all and you've got  a mammoth of a mini-album here. Highly emotional and dynamic, this release  shows just what GYBE are capable of. If you haven't seen them live, treat  yourself to it as it's a better experience than the records even.
0061002860|5.0|The Murder of Roger Ackroyd was the first Christie I ever read - and it's a real masterpiece. The ending is pretty horrifying, but read the book again, and you'll wonder why you didn't notice various things - things the  Murderer/Murderess (I'm not saying which it is!)said and did during the  novel, that one didn't notice at the time. Extremely good stuff.
0553266306|4.0|New to Frederick Forsyth novels, I found The Day of The Jackal to be exciting, tactical, and well plotted all the way through to its explosive end.  Forsyth truly demonstrates how real the text on his pages is as the  reader very easily sees the animation of his abilities to tell the perfect  thriller.
0446607274|5.0|I've never read a Michael Connely book before so I didn't know what to expect, but I have to say that I was very impressed with this very entertaining book. It had me guessing down to the very end,and it was  filled with twists and turns you will not expect. I agree with one of the  other reviewers who said the author should get rid of Eleanor (Bosch's  wife) as she is the most depressing, miserable character in a work of  fiction I've read this year. But, if you are looking for a very  entertaining, police procedural mystery I would strongly recommend this  book
0205313426|5.0|I no longer read the rules.  I know most of them now, and I know which ones I will break if I am not careful.<br />I still read the introduction, and I still glance through the book looking for encouragement and inspiration.  The effort pays off when I write a ghastly sentence in the middle of an  important e-mail and consider pressing the &quot;send&quot; button.  I  remember that I may save one reader by re-writing that sentence.<br />I could  slink off the field of battle, but instead, I lower my lance and charge.  Strunk and White remind me that the battle is worth it and that, by God,  it's fun.
0767819594|1.0|This movie was just... not very good! The plot was okay, but the ending, and the acting were terrible. I would not recommend this movie, I think you'll be disappointed. But hey, that's just my opinion!
0780626478|5.0|In 1962, my junior high school science roject was to build a model fall-out shelter, complete with lists of supplies for 30 years underground. My father, who was a scientist, hung out with a bunch of guys who so  closely resemble Calvin Weber (Christopher Walken) that I was startled to  see him in the movie.  These guys built hi-fis and robots in their  basements for fun; and yes, my parents listened to Perry Como!  BFTP  portrays the essence of those times fondly and with a pointed humor.  Both  Sissy Spacek (the mother) and Christopher Walken (the father) do  beautifully comic turns in this film as a couple having retreated to their  fall-out shelter for a 35 year stay in the mistaken belief that Los Angeles  has been bombed.<br />Brendan Fraser's performance as the bright but  impossibly naiive Adam Weber is brilliant.  Playing a totally sheltered (no  pun intended) 35 year-old encountering the outside world for the first  time, Fraser manages through use of his mobile facial features and skillful  body language to look like a nerdy 14 year old.  The performance was  strongly reminiscent of Tom Hanks in BIG.  <br />Alicia Silverstone and Dave  Foley play strong supporting roles as Eve, Adam's love interest, and her  gay room-mate Troy. The strongest scenes in the movie feature all three of  them.  For major laughs, watch Eve and Troy's faces while they watch Adam  make a splash on the dance floor.<br />This movie made me a Brendan Fraser  fan.  I liked it so much I bought copies for several people for Christmas.   Lest you think this is only for Boomers, I showed it to a 24 year old  friend who completely cracked up over it.
0964385619|3.0|Boy... this guy sure stretched his material out pretty far.  I mean, on numerous occasions I had to check to make sure that I was actually making progress because I was reading the exact same words I read on the previous page.  The idea of avoiding high liability costs is an important one, but  you can't help but think that 20-30 pages would have been more than enough.
B000031WD9|3.0|This was funny ,but I guess I was looking for too much especially by it being a unrated version I didn't see anything that couldn't have been played at the theaters. There was only one nude scene and it was tasteful  nothing to make a big deal about. If your looking for a'lot of sex and  nudity this not for you.
6305657947|5.0|I watched this movie on an international flight and when they played it again, I could not help but to go back to watch more. The action sequences were amazingly well coreographed. Russo and Brosnan were both spectacular.  The film also had a sound track worthy of its splendor!
B00000018T|5.0|This has always been a great album, no weak tracks and Elvis wanting to perform after a nearly two year break. His voice was fine and strong, the songs good and some amazing blues - &quot;The THrill of Your Love&quot;  being one Elvis classic few know. The Gold CD version, and remastering, are  awesome. Played on a good system Elvis is sat in the room with you. And no,  that is not another sighting !
1558908358|2.0|I loved the movie Tron but Disney could have done a better job converting it to DVD. A little more attention to detail when cleaning up the film would have been nice. And the lack of extras was disappointing, the trailer  was cool to see but it to was in rough shape. So I must give a low rating  overall and I strongly disagree with the 4 rating for picture quality.
B00002E233|1.0|Deep Blue Sea was, by far, one of the worst movies I've seen in ages.  The plot looks good on paper, but it turned weak in a hurry.  The special effects are weak, to say the least...and that's all that could have saved  this film.  Poor acting skills, a horrible screenplay, and bad special  effects made this film as entertaining as a visit to the VD clinic.
B00000K19E|5.0|This Matrix is one of the few high profile Hollywood productions that truly makes the viewer think.  At the same time, it is something that is fun to watch (especially the lobby scene- WHOA!)  After watching it, one of  my friends and I came up with an appropriate slogan for its theme, a  take-off of the original &quot;I think, therefore I am.&quot;: Cogito  cogito, ergo cogito sum.  I think I think, therefore I think I am.
0780626478|2.0|Interesting concept, solid performances from Walken and Spacek, and a very funny cameo character in the form of a malt shop/bar owner turned mystic.  But that's it.  The main character's return to the service never delivers  on the comedy and the complications one anticipates.  And he and  Silverstone never really click.  Light, entertaining, will not offend, but  doesn't live up to its potential.  In addition, the first half-hour is  somewhat adult, pleasantly so, while the rest of the film is somewhat  juvenile, irritatingly so.
B000002H6C|4.0|Yes, I have to admit, the production of &quot;And justice...&quot;, was not good. BUT, this album contains the pinnacle and example of good metal music,&quot;ONE&quot;. Metallica will always be Metallica from &quot;Garage Days&quot;, to &quot;S&amp;M&quot;. D
B00000K19E|5.0|woah... i never thought a movie would have me owning practically every costume from it (including tha sunglasses thank you very much) and causing my friends and i to go running down tha halls screaming &quot;TANK I NEED  AN EXIT FAST! &quot; the movie is the best thing i have ever seen in my  entire career of viewing science fiction films. not only are the special  effects and action great, the plot is absolutely fantastic. how often to  you find a great action movie with a good plot? maybe one or two. out of  hundreds. its the ultimatum of cool.. ive seen it 15 times and is still  cant get over it. ps: DEFENITALLY buy this baby on dvd.. its higher  resolution than VHS and it makes everything a lot cooler.. plus i got a  kick out of tha special features!
0790738139|4.0|Just saw L.A. CONFIDENTIAL for the first time and rushed online to Amazon so I could see what other viewers thought.  Looking through ninety-something reviews, I expected to see everything I would have to say  about the flick.  That was pretty much the case, except for six  remarks:<br /><br />1. L.A. CONFIDENTIAL has a few too many weak plot devices.  For  example, Office White roughs up a powerful attorney - inside the attorney's  office - and no one in the building calls for help?  For such a  well-written film, such sloppiness surprised me.<br /><br />2. Kim Basinger's  character looks at least ten years too old for the role of a high-price  prostitute.  (Will someone survey Hollywood actresses and find just one who  has never been offered the part of a hooker?)<br /><br />3. The scene where a  prostitute seduces a play-it-straight cop happens awful fast.  Don't people  dance first, or something?<br /><br />4. Not to give away too much, but the two main  characters walk into an ambush a little too easily.<br /><br />5. For a corrupt,  murdering S.O.B., one of the film's dirtiest cop proves to be a terrible  shot.<br /><br />6. Actor James Cromwell, with BABE and now L.A. CONFIDENTIAL, is on  a career high.  Fans of T.V.'s \\"All In The Family\\" will remember  him from several  episodes in which he played Archie Bunker's friend  Stretch Cunningham.
B000002KIE|5.0|I have heared comparisons to the Ramones etc, there were tons of Bands that never made it big, but what WE listened to as Punkers were the Kennedys Pistols Exploited Discharge Chron Gen Anti pasti, etc  Pistols  were the point of the sword, I still scream and pogo when I hear Pretty  Vacant. It never gets old, how could it? This is by a UK Punker who was  there. Not some poser from the usa!  enough said
6304383827|5.0|Gwyneth Paltrow portrays a young, rich, somewhat snobby young lady who has her heart set on being a matchmaker, only to fail countless numbers of times. Throughout the movie she learns one of life's most important  lessons: &quot;Fate is better left alone&quot;. A heartwarming romantic  comedy that will leave you wanting to see it over and over again:)
B000002UCE|5.0|This is one of the best albums of all time. The song Imagine is truly a classic....maybe the song of the last half of this century.  This is John at his very finest.
0790729644|5.0|This film won the 1992 Academy Award for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Supporting Actor (Gene Hackman) and Best Editing.  Garnering three of the &quot;major&quot; awards is impressive and they are what make the film a  memorable and enjoyable experience.  Eastwood the director is in top form.   He has always displayed a steady hand in directing his stories and actors  and he doesn't disappoint here.  Nothing flashy but it is his understated  direction that leads this film to it's climax.  In less capable hands, a  director may be apt to moralize or preach.  Eastwood capably lets the story  (overlooked as an original screenplay) tell itself.  His turn as the lead  character -- William Munny -- is also an underplayed, nuanced part.  I  think it is one of his best acting jobs.  He carries a grim outlook and  those set, steely eyes convey all of the emotions the character feels.  In  a movie with so much else that is good, his performance is not to be  ignored.  Gene Hackman is outstanding in his portrayal of Little Bill  Daggett, the sheriff of Big Whiskey, WY.  His performance is both blustery  and low-keyed.  It is a credit to Hackman to know how to pull if off  effortlessly.  The movie itself is the real star.  It plays on so many  levels and gives a lot of shades of gray that really blow off the Westerns  of old.  There is no good guy in the white hat.  In fact, there is little  good to be found in the movie.  Most of the men and women are scoundrels or  people of ill-repute.  However the general theme of reality that Eastwood  conveys is what you will have to look for.  Things aren't what they seem  and this &quot;anti-Western&quot; shrugs off the myths of the Old West.
B00000K501|5.0|High quality video and music combined with stunts both attracting, and interesting. The professional video effects make it the next best thing to not being at the concert, as well as the details you miss from not being in  front of the stage.
0553212443|4.0|My review is about a selfish, grumpy, old man who has no Christmas spirit what so ever. His  last name is Scrooge. His business partners name was Jacob Marley. He was already dead. Marley came as a ghost one night, and  told Scrooge that he would be visited by three spirits. One night after  that he was visited by the three spirits. The spirits were: The Ghost of  Christmas Past, Present, and Future. After Scrooge was visited I think he  might have loved Christmas for a long time.
6302293553|5.0|Absolutely, without a doubt, buy this video! If you don't think it's the funniest and most memorable thing you've ever put in your machine, someone in your family will.  The Python boys live on forever, and you'll find that  if you are ever at a loss for words, they fill the gap.  Just met someone?  Spring a Holy Grail quote on them for an instant conversation! Everyone  who's anyone knows something about Monte Python!
B000002J09|4.0|This Album was one of the best the Zepplin albums in the world, but still not nearlyas good as the box set. If you are a fan of Led zepplin for years then buy the box set, if you are just starting to get into Led Zepplin, Buy  this album
6302814782|5.0|Personally, I thought it was an exciting, heart thumping movie.  It definatly gave me and my friends something to think about.  If you like vampire movies, it will definatly catch your interest, especially if you  like Kiefer Sutherland.  Take it from me... it's a definate, must see,  action packed full with vamps, movie!
0767020308|3.0|...which, unfortunately, sets the wrong tone.  Much of the original, elegant humor is lost, and some of the characters are miswritten.
B000026WTJ|5.0|The greatest live album of all time has been re-released in shrunken down form with all the original inserts, the remastered music and new booklet - there's even a Japanese booklet with interesting lyrics as well. Apart from  the MCA full size vinyl CD replica, this is as close as you'll get to the  original package.The music contained is The Who at their absolute peak.  Keith Moon plays and sounds much better than on Live at the Isle of Wight.  Don't miss this limited edition.
0380018179|5.0|This was one of the most beautiful love storys I ever read.  Ralph and Meggie's story was portrayed by two fantastic actors in the TV special, and the acting could not be surpassed.  The story was very believable - even  though it centered around a priest's worldly problems.  Every time it is on  TV, I make sure I dont't miss it.  I highly recommend this book which, in  my opinion, is a better read than Gone With The Wind. A book that it's  impossible to put down.
6304938241|4.0|I fell in love with the lush tranquility this film possesses.  The deep textures of colour and lighting lay subtle to the senses and tickle the eyes with splendid indulgence.  The dark blues and purple worked  brilliantly.  The costumes in &quot;Wings of the Dove&quot;  were superb,  transforming  Helena Bonham Carter into a lavish china doll.  Beautiful to  look at indeed.<br />I wish the script could have been a bit more agressive,  making Helena's character more ploying and devious.  This would have made  her more dynamic of a villian.  Like maybe help her dying friend along by  slipping some cyanide into her glass of wine?<br />Linus Roach (Was he also in  Pulp Fiction?) looked gorgeous in this film.  You would have thought the  filmakers opted for Hugh Grant, but it was nice to see someone less famous  play the role.<br />The Wings of the Dove casts you into the stylish world of  Great Britain and offers intoxicating glimpses of Venice as well.  A  dreamy, magical place where love lives and dies in the same breathe.  A  beautiful escape.
0767817443|1.0|Watching Godzilla, it doesn't take long to register the fact that this film is plainly stupid.  Yes, Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich were the creators of this film.  The intelligence in their movies seems to have gone  from a high double digit (Stargate) to a medium double digit (Independence  Day) to somewhere in the low twenties with Godzilla.  This film is plainly  dumb.  Whether it's intentional, well...it feels like it is but that  doesn't matters much even if it was trying to be a dumb, fun film.  The  reasons for this is the extremely unfunny humor injected in this film.   Trust me, mispronouncing Tatopoulos is not my idea of funny.<br />The acting  itself is quite bad.  Matthew Brodderick, who was good in Glory, is simply  a miscast as the supposedly intelligent scientist Tatopoulos.  Perhaps  Emmerich should have cast Jeff Goldblum in the role of Niko Tatopoulos.   Faring even worse are Maria Pitillo and Kevin Dunn.  The only good  performance in this film goes to Jean Reno, in the role of the tough guy  soldier.<br />You could watch much better trashy fun big budget films than  Godzilla.  Watch The Mummy (1999)and even Congo but don't bother with  Godzilla.
6305161976|5.0|Well, after way too many years of having never seen Casablanca, I finally got on the ball. I am SO glad that I waited until I had it one DVD, however, because it added a great deal to the experience. One of the  richest and crisp transfers from black and white film to DVD that I have  seen so far. I was amazed at the quality! How they got a film that is so  old to look that good is beyond me!<br />Even if you have seen this movie  before, see it again, but make sure it is the DVD version!
B000002A33|5.0|This is one of my favorite CDs of the 90s. If you like good and honest rock music, you must get this CD. I hope they are working on a new album and they come to Barcelona!  I feel sorry for the guy from Maine who is so  delighted with the commerical failure of screaming trees, he only gets  pleasure by seeing other peoples misfortune... he is really miserable.
0783232039|4.0|I loved this movie because it was so unexpected.  Very funny and scary enough.  Tilly is one of today's best actresses but most underrated.  And back to Mr. Stabile, OH MY GOD.  If I ran into him the word no would not be  in my vocabulary.
B000021XS0|5.0|I am floored at the musicianship on this album and storyline.  I get goosebumps listening to this album.  The riffs and lead changes that John Petrucci  filters out in each song are just incredible.  Mike Portnoy's drum playing  and John Myung's bass riffs are speechless as well. Jordan Rudess does an  excelent job on the keys.  And what can I say about the voice of James  Labrie.  Excellent range as ususal throughout this whole album.  His vocal  talents ranks him in same category of Robert Plant and Chris Cornell.  If  this CD is not up for grammy, it is travesity to the name of rock n' roll.   Dream Theater is without a doubt one of the few bands that are keeping  hard progressive rock n' roll alive and expanding it without losing their  edge.  Rock on guys.
B000007MVM|3.0|It's sometimes hard to fathom that Pink Floyd's grand, operatic sound started with Syd Barrett's goofy pop songs. Like Barrett often was himself, \\"The Madcap Laughs\\" is an erratic and unpredictable ride -- but also worth hearing. The loose songs and easygoing production are refreshing given Pink Floyd's usual studio mastery. Then again, this is not a Pink Floyd album. Floyd members [[ASIN:B000ELJBAK David Gilmour]] and Roger Waters produce seven of the album's songs, almost completely holding back their usual taughtness. Young Syd is simply allowed to reign free, and as I said, the results are a little scattered, from interesting and catchy to questionable at times. \\"Terrapin\\" is a good lead-off track, lazy and drawling in a British manner. The following track, \\"No Good Trying,\\" boasts great drumming and a cool groove that's present in other songs as well. \\"Here I Go\\" is a humorous account of swapping girlfriends. Barrett strays from the fairy-tale lyrics that made [[ASIN:B000002UA0 The Piper at the Gates of Dawn]] so intriguing, instead singing more personal, rather scatterbrained lyrics. Pink Floyd's elaborate production comes through more on \\"Golden Hair\\" and \\"Long Gone,\\" the former containing lyrics by a poet Barrett admired. \\"If It's In You\\" nearly sounds like a warm-up rendition before the final recording; that's how informal much of this album sounds.<br /><br />It's cool to hear Barrett in such a raw fashion, though. \\"The Madcap Laughs\\" might be an acquired taste. It's poppy and loose, yet also bumpy in spots and a bit out there. Barrett, however, was truly himself here. Despite what his record company may have sought from him at the time, this madcap soul was a maverick, someone who recorded what he felt like and didn't ask questions. There's little connection to typical Pink Floyd production here, but the extra breathing room is actually kind of nice.
0140177396|5.0|The intensity and reality of the emotions in Of Mice and Men had me smiling, laughing, blushing, and crying in my chair.  The simple and easy-to-understand storyline makes the reader look deeper to find the true  meaning.  Though somewhat unappropriate for younger children, older  children, teens, and adults can all enjoy this book to its full potential.
014028009X|2.0|Excuse me, could someone remind me what century this is? Women have come way too far to deserve a book like this. <br />A 30 year old woman, neurotic, constantly nervous, insecure, and talented. The modern woman!   Yea, right.   Her main goal in life is to catch a man!   Come on!  The &quot;right&quot;  man is a knight in shining armour, no less, who saves the day!   Give me a  break!  It almost sounds like a bad chauvinistic fairy-tale. <br />Bridget's  friends are also depicted as typically inept women. Jude, who's boy-friend  is constantly putting her down, and she keeps on taking it. Sharon, the  more sane and up-to-date one, is considered ridiculous. Actually, Tom  seemed the most likable and true, but he too is caught in a unsatisfying  relationship.<br />IS THERE NO ONE NORMAL OUT THERE!  <br />Yes, this is a  readable book that provides a few hours of entertainment, but - True to  life? Realistic? I don't think so. <br />Most frustrating thing is that it's a  best-seller...which again, makes me want to shout: Is there no one normal  out there?
0783230710|5.0|They have seemed to have removed all of the extra goodies from the DTS version.  All you get is a  5.1 edition and the DTS edition. No additional commentary, interviews, or behind the scenes.
B00000J6AG|2.0|I purchased this CD because everyone is raving about it. I mean I ever heard about it on a night time sitcom...but whatever the case, I found this CD a utter disappointment. granted there are a couple tracks that I thought  were okay, but the rest of the CD was a waste. I mean what is going on with  the chanting. The bottom line here is people loved this CD becasue it was  new, not that it was great.
0767802659|1.0|The only description that truly does this movie justice is AWFUL!  That is the most polite word I can use in this forum. To have ruined one of Robert Heinlein's most wonderful novels in this way makes me positively  ill. <br />I loved the book, hated the movie. Perhaps the director should have  bothered to READ the book before he attempted to make the film.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This band not only has good concepts in their music, but also some real skill at their instruments. You ever notice how lots of bands just repeat the same riff over and over, and just play quieter for the verses and  louder for the chorus, or something? Slipknot is different, they put lots  of variety in their songs. They lock in time with their drummers really  tightly, also. You could legitimately call them skilled musicians, which is  a lot more than you could say for other bands in the same genre. The lyrics  are mostly perceptive (except #4, which gets old after the 500th F**K)  also, and the creepy electronic effects are great. Even if you hate metal,  or however you want to label this band, you should give it a try just for  the talent and innovation.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Why is it when an artist suddenly becomes popular, they're accused of selling out? I have been listening to Diana Krall for years now, and I have  to say that I am enjoying her work as much today as I ever have. I think  this album is terrific! From the sultry remake of \\"I've got you under my  skin\\" to the delightful \\"East of the Sun\\" she makes you want to listen to  her music. I love the numbers that feature the full orchestra; it adds a  new dimension to her wonderful talents. I enjoyed \\"All for you\\", I loved  \\"Love Scenes\\" and I am hooked on \\"When I look in your eyes\\". Anyone that  can listen to the bonus track, \\"Why should I care\\" and not lament a lost  love, must be dead. This CD is great and I hope she keeps turning out more  like it!
B00000ICD9|5.0|&quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; has blended all of the creativity and visual masterpiece into one splendid piece of work.  The colors and imaginitive set design coupled with the outstanding effects lead to a  wonderful movie going experience.  Due to the aesthetic values of others,  there may be some conflict as to the ideas of the after world and life  therein, one may question the movie's content.  But, with the open mind and  open heart, this movie can touch and move one to a deepened desire to dream  and achieve.
B00002Z83J|5.0|IT'S HARD TO PICK A FAVORITE RORY CD BUT THIS COMES CLOSE , HIGHLIGHTS INCLUDE do you read me, egded in blue,secret agent. good raw production from roger glover. rory was a master musician
B00000ICD9|5.0|For anybody that enjoys amazing visual effects , very imaginative plot , and has great actors this is the movie for you. If you get offended at other peoples ideas because they conflict with your own then you'll hate  this movie. I thought it was excellent. I loved everything about it and  thought that the other people that reviewed and didnt like it probably  loved &quot;American Pie&quot; or the plethora of other dumb no brain  movies. This movie is wonderful because of the imagination and the  creativity of the plot. The director did a wonderful job putting his dreams  onto the screen.
B00003A9QL|5.0|I recently just bought metallicas s&amp;m album and its awsome.It cost about 21 dollars though, but it was worth it.I bought this album cause I saw the metallica s&amp;m concert on vh1, and cause I like &quot;no leaf  clover&quot;.This has got to be one of my favorite rock albums I have  now.All of these songs rock that I cant really pick any favorites.Anyways  in conclusion if u dont have this cd go out and get it cause it  rules.Bye!
B000021XR5|4.0|The pilots seemed to be getting better with each album.  These guys have finally managed to deliver an album that contains no fillers and one that's uniformly strong throught the 40 odd minutes of running  time.<br />&quot;Down&quot;, the first track is a cracker of a song to start.  Further, beyond the obligatory (and pretty good mind you!) harder rocking  songs like Hot Rods and Sex &amp; Violence, STP expand their musical  vocabulary to come up with some memorable songs like Atlanta, Church on  Tuesday and Sour Girl.  Scott Weiland's singing is actually better without  all the &quot;Rock Star&quot; posturing; very bluesy and raw.  And with the  band playing tighter than ever, this album is a very varied and enjoyable  listening.<br />Now if only Scott can stay away from trouble, we can expect  even bigger things from this band!
B000002UA2|5.0|This album is one of Pink Floyd's best.  Those who don't like it probably didn't take enough time to appreciate it.  Tracks &quot;Obscured by Clouds&quot;, &quot;Wot's. . .Uh, the deal?&quot; and &quot;Childhood's  End&quot; are some of the best music I've heard.  If you take enough time  to experience this album, you won't be disappointed.
B00000K19E|5.0|What a great Movie! if you like action packed movies, this is for you. Many great computer graphics. Always keeping you on the edge of your seat, The Matrix is my favorite movie.
B0000042H4|5.0|The tone of the negative reviewers should give it all away.  They simply hate Solti.  Granted, I find that I do not respond to most of his recordings at all (especially his Beethoven and Brahms), but for his Wagner  and Strauss alone, he deserves any accolade one can give him.  Get this set  and you will love it like most people do (it is routinely voted the  favorite Ring by hardcore Wagnerians).
0425170349|4.0|A fast paced Clancy novel with such detail and realism it seems as if it had already happened, and Clancy was merely recounting the events so ingeniously concieved in this four-star book. Reccomended to anyone with a  good imagination and a taste for danger and suspense.
006107327X|5.0|If you love the show, you'll love this book.  A must have for Batman collectors.  Countless sketches, stills and artwork crowd this gorgeous documentary of the awesome animated series.  By far the best incarnatioin  of the Dark Knight to ever be concieved, Batman The Animated series has  been a pioneering force in the world of animation.  This book explains and  illustrates why.  The artists get it.  Dini's uniques vision made it to the  small screen relatively undilluted from the interference of too many  people.  This wonderfully designed book shows the series development and  maintenance throughout its many makeovers.  It includes many never before  seen sketches and ideas that didn't make it to the shows final film noir  look.  A smart purchase.
0767903811|4.0|I can not in my entire 30 years ever remember laughing so hard.  My wife thought she might need to call an ambulance.  I was literally rolling on the floor with teary-eyed laughter.  (The tax-form explanation was worth the price alone.)  The book was &quot;dry&quot; in a few places but overall  the book was hysterical!  (I wish  I could give it 4.5 stars; the only  reason I did not give 5 stars are for the few &quot;dry&quot; spots which I  have already mentioned.)
B000002H97|1.0|With this record Metallica completely sold out. It lacks any of the aggression that is found on the earlier records. This is not the true Metallica but rather the new Selloutica. If only Cliff Burton was still  alive, he would never have allowed this garbage to desecrate the Metallica  name. If you want a real aggressive heavy metal record buy &quot;In Dark  Purity&quot; by Monstrosity.
B00000DFMM|5.0|One of the best albums of the 80s and 90s. This was rarely off my turntable for the first 5 years after its release. It was a tradegy that so little came after it, but how could they have possibly followed it?
6302424887|5.0|I like this film because it stuck to the text, didn't switch things around, had a good atmosphere to it, and was unflinching in its portrayal of Shakespeare's descent into the heart of evil. It's not for the kiddies.  But then, the play isn't, either. A few minor quibbles, sure, but all in  all a powerful cinematic experience which might show you the bard in a new  light.
0060171936|3.0|Having been a member of four different book clubs in three different states in the last twelve years, I found that while I was reading about Marlo's journey down under, I was also thinking about how it would be  critiqued by my reading companions. Should I serve red or white wine? As an  English and writing teacher, I had a difficult time accepting her writing  style as anything but an honest attempt at a new craft.  The story line  seemed a bit far fetched yet I am a believer in letting people have their  say.  I wanted to believe that this woman had an experience that would  enlighten us as individuals and then collectively as the world's society.   For Marlo to claim it to be fiction for the sake of the Aborigines was  thoughtful, I guess. But in the Acknowlgements in the front of the book,  she never mentions her gratitude to these native people.  Don't you think  she could have at least mentioned them on this page?   I believe reading is  essential to human growth and people have to learn to appreciate literature  for what it is worth to them on a personal and individual basis.  I teach  kids that people write because they think they have something valuable to  share with the world. Marlo had a message so she wrote a book.  Good for  her.  Is her message new?  I don't think so.  Is it worth discussing? You  bet.  What I liked best about the book is the fact that people react to it.   I think that there are many people in this world that do care about the  quality of life.  Read the reviews.  There are 37 pages of reactions from  good people who don't have to go to Australia to experience  &quot;being.&quot;   I am glad that Marlo finally got the message from down  under.   Now what do you think she will do with all the money that goes  with it? I guess we'll have to watch Oprah to find out.
6302508878|5.0|&quot;Kong! The Eighth Wonder of the World! &quot; Ain't it the truth. Unsurpassed after all these years, &quot;King Kong&quot; (1933) is now part of the American unconsciousness, an accolade bestowed upon very few movies.  One of my very favorites, every since Channel 9 in NYC ran it once a day  for a week back in 1968. Excelsior!
0875845851|4.0|Companies face a tough decision between making their customers happy in the short-term and the long term.  It is a trade off that often results in a company focusing on the short-term while a start-up competitor focuses on satisfying the customer in the long term.  This is the Innovator's  Dilemma.<br />The on-going example offered by the book is that of the disk  drive market.  Historically customers have desired more storage capacity.   Firms have sought to make &quot;sustainable&quot; advances in the amount of  storage space of their hard drive products.  Start-up firms have often  introduced hard drives that were smaller, but had less storage space.  At  first the start-up cannot satisfy the customers that require high capacity,  but over time introduce sustainable improvements in capacity that  eventually satisfy the high-end market.  In the meantime they dominate  smaller markets that require smaller hard drives.  At some point the  high-end market has the option of using a big or a small hard drive,  because both satisfy capacity requirements.  They tend to pick small,  because it also offers something else, reliability (a result of small size,  apparently).  A technological improvement is called &quot;disruptive&quot;  if it provides inferior performance according to current \\"sustainable\\"  criteria, but has other features of use to smaller markets.  Disruptive  technologies can be improved over time to eventually satisfy the demands of  the high-end market.<br />The author argues that even very successful  companies fall victim the Innovator's Dilemma, because it is a natural law  of business for them to satisfy customers.  Disruptive technologies do not  initially satisfy those customers, so successful companies don't invest in  them.  To bet on every disruptive technology draws resources away from  sustaining current products, so companies tend not to do so.  Also,  disruptive technologies initially only have application in low-end markets.   Since the low-end is not a big money maker for successful companies, they  naturally work toward the other extreme, seeking to satisfy customers in  higher and higher margin markets.  Eventually the disruptive technology  improves to the point that it offers equivalent functionality, but by that  time the firm has too much inertia toward the high-end market, and can't  switch to the disruptive technology.<br />I found that the Innovator's Dilemma  enhances the picture that Crossing the Chasm first illustrated.  Crossing  the Chasm is a recipe for the start-up that wants to topple giant  competitors.  The Innovator's Dilemma, on the other hand, shows how giant  companies are toppled by start-ups.  Both books are useful to all kinds of  companies, because all companies face both situations.  Start-ups need a  strategy for going mainstream, and once there need a way to fight off new  start-ups.
0553573403|5.0|I must say that I'm impressed.  I picked this book up on the good buzz surroundong it right after I finished Path of Daggers by Robert Jordan.  I wasn't expecting much but Mr. Martin's written a hell of a book.<br />This  book concerns a world that reflects a medieval England in many ways, with  honourable knights, and evil ones, noble lords, faithful vassals and  scheming sycophants.  The books focuses on the feud between the Stark and  Lannister families.  Mr. Martin does an excellent job of telling a story by  focusing on specific charcters on both sides who are compelling and  believable in their depth.<br />Compared to other works, I would rate it much  higher than the trite fantasy of Terry Goodkind, this is high fantasy, of a  more visceral kind than that offered by Robert Jordan, there is a  considerable amount of profanity, sex and violence in this book.<br />The  background for the book provided by the author is considerably deeper than  the works of most authors of high fantasy, yet I felt it was not as  compelling or deep as Jordan's world.  The history of the world feels a  little disjointed, and makes the reader wonder if the fantasy elements  mentioned (children of the forest, 'older races') will play a part in the  plot or is just a tease.  Nonetheless, this is the only criticism that I  have of the book, I will be buying the next volume immediately.
0790742322|5.0|THIS IS ONE MOVIE THAT SHOULD BE IN YOUR MOVIE COLLECTION. IT IS FILLED WITH COMEDY, ACTION, AND WHATEVER ELSE YOU WANT TO CALL IT.
068815333X|5.0|I actually read this one some time ago, it was my first Lehane book. So unfortunately I did not read them in order, but I would recommend that for someone just starting the series. It is not necessary in order to follow  along, but it helps to form continuity, and also endings from earlier books  are sometimes given away in the later books. But back to this book, it is  the latest in a series of outatanding books. It has all the ingredients you  could ask for - great characters, fast paced, many twists and turns, and a  fantastic writing style that adds to the book with fascinating insights  into the human soul, society, and morality. And best of all, everybodys  favorite psychopath, Bubba, has an expanded role in this one. Lehane is one  of the best writers around today.
0790742322|5.0|THIS IS ONE MOVIE THAT SHOULD BE IN YOUR MOVIE COLLECTION. IT IS FILLED WITH COMEDY, ACTION, AND WHATEVER ELSE YOU WANT TO CALL IT.
B0000057C5|5.0|A brilliant record. If you like KMFDM, you'll love the 'Stein. They manage to get in some truly heavy metal riffs with some synth. Not as synthy as KMFDM, who sometimes use female background vocals, so in that regard,  Rammstein is a little more hardcore. But the beat and the attitude are  there.  If you ever have a chance to see these guys live, take it! The  show, with its use of pyrotechnics...read that as FIRE....is the most  amazing I've ever seen.
0385484518|5.0|Being a resident of the Detroit area, I am well acquainted with the &quot;grab you with the first paragraph and don't let go&quot; writing style of Mitch Albom.  &quot;Sports writer&quot; is such a limiting misnomer when used in reference to Mitch.  He has a knack for digging to  the heart of the matter, and this book is a shining example.  This book  brings out some very deep truths in an extremely &quot;easy read&quot;  fashion.  This is the type of book you take to bed with you, and finish in  a  couple of evenings....but it stays with you forever.  It acquaints you  well with his dying former college professor, and you will learn life's  lessons as Mitch did....in a way that hits very close to the heart.
0140177396|5.0|This is one of my favorite John Steinbeck stories.  George takes on the role as Lenny's unofficial guardian.  What Lenny lacks in brains, he makes up for in size and his heart.  Though Lenny often drives George crazy, it's  obvious that that George loves Lenny.  The 2 share a dream of owning their  own farm and Lenny is especially enthusiastic about tending the rabbits.   But they're up against some mean odds as Lenny finds his share of  trouble....
B00000JSAW|3.0|I liked this album for its moody, whiney edge.  The trumpet sound is part of what makes this band work.  Fun lyrics to sing along to, particularly on a blue day, the songs &quot;Frank Sinatra&quot; and &quot;Daria&quot;  particularly.
0812550706|5.0|The great work in this book is not what it's talking about, it's how it was written. Often contains surprising reactions.
B000002KHF|5.0|This album lacks some of the pop-like big production qualities of Van's other albums and what comes out in exchange is awsome. Confident, soulfull and rich, it is without question my favorite album by a great artist.
0812034465|4.0|I am currently reading &quot;To Kill aMockingbird&quot;.  At first I didn't like it but now I love it!  We have to read it for my English class.  When we are done we have to make a map of Maycomb. So if any teacher need  suggestions ths book gives great detail on where everyone lives and things  like that.  I love the way Harper Lee expresses herself in her character's.  I Love the way she writes! Thanks for your time!
0385484518|5.0|This book is one of the best I've read recently. Although the language isn't fancy, the imagery Albom creates is fantastic. Hopefully, you will have read this book before you watched the TV movie.
B00000K19E|2.0|I won't deny it: I enjoyed the Matrix.  It's a fun film.  It's got great special effects, quick pacing, and a compelling story-line.  In the end, though, it's nothing more than a fast-paced action flick with high  production values but no substance or meaning, wooden acting, and a lack of  original ideas.  The story is stylish but cliched: A dystopian future run  by machines, the search for a prophecided messiah, a ragged band of rebels  fighting against the system, reality as a work of fiction, the choice  between an idyllic life in slavery or a tortuous life in freedom--we've  seen all of these before, just never with so many guns and black  coats.<br />The special effects are great, the action is quick-paced, and the  story is fun to follow, but that's about as deep as this movie gets.  It is  an expensive, mindless blockbuster, hardly the beginning of a brilliant,  inspired mythology for the new millenium.
B000002MFN|5.0|AMAZING!   That is the only term that I can use to describe this album.  From the beginning to the end, it is a great album.  Personally, Erotica is my favorite Madonna track.  It will probably be my favorite song of all  time.  This cd is a landmark cd, which paved the path for sensuality in  music.  Bravo, Madonna!  BRAVO!
0553212443|4.0|my favorite part was when jacob marley showed up i liked the three spirits when they apeared i thought it could use some more pictures it also could tell what some of the words mean other than that it was pretty good
0380713802|2.0|I bought this book with the hopes that it would be a story of Bryson's misadventures with the imimitable Katz.  Unfortunately, it seems to be a Contintent long ethnocentric rant.   The only redeeming thing is that  Bryson includes himself and his adopted britain in on the abuse.<br />If you  travel with as many preconceptions and make snap judgements as Bryson does,  you are in for some very dissappointing trips.<br />Paul Theroux writes with  much more humor and insight.
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie is like Ben and Jerry's: once you &quot;taste&quot; it, you can't put it away.  I just can't seem to get enough of David Bowie in those tight little pants or that lovely make-up he seems to pull off better than  I can.  I adore the story, which is portrayed with an abundance of  &quot;eye candy;&quot;  from Sara's lovely ballroom dress, to the upside  down stairs, and of course all the strange and unusual characters.  This  movie is a must for people of all ages who enjoy Fantasy or just want to  watch a good movie.
6305657939|3.0|Pierce Brosnan and Rene Russo certainly make for a handsome screen couple, but this movie somehow carries something of a dated feel to it.<br />Director John McTiernan, known as a master of pacing and action, shifts to low gear  on this one, seemingly at a loss with directing such a polite, almost  comedy-of-manners script that's more character-based than set-piece-based.   McTiernan's signatures are big, relentless, kinetic sequences where the  stakes are always life-or-death.  In The Thomas Crown Affair, it's a  classic Hollywood tango between man and woman -- not exactly McTiernan's  fare.  Rene Russo oozes charisma in the lead, but the soapier moments in  the script are ill suited to her.  And Brosnan's role suffers from not  enough screen time in the middle parts, hence not quite enough of an  antagonist for Russo.<br />The first 20 minutes of the film clued me in to its  inherent pacing problem.  Not only do those Romanian/German thieves  disappear from the film entirely with no payoff (a no-no in scripting),  they take up entirely too much narrative time.  And 20 minutes with no  protagonist is too loooong!  Though there's action going on, much of this  section could've been tightened, allowing us to see more of Crown's  scheming, and to allow Russo a much earlier, timelier entrance.<br />This one  will do well enough for a night of mild entertainment, but pales alongside  McTiernan's previous efforts.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Finially it has come back to us, and those of you out there who missed the first release of this essential box set have beed blessed with a second chance.  This box set is a must have for even the fickelest Bob Marley fan.   It is a collection of music that combines classic sing along favorites  with little know pieces that illustrate what a true artist Marley was.  these four disks truely cover the span of Marley' life in music, from his  early ska days through to our radio and beach party favorites.  This music,  especialy the pieces I was not familure with, makes me see how lucky we  were to have had Bob Marleys talent for the short time we did.  I makes me  sad about his death again. This box set will make you believe in 'One Love'  all over again.
0553565915|5.0|Don't start this book unless you have time to finish it, because you won't want to put it down.  Everyone I have recommended it to has loved it.  Very easy to read. Keep an open mind when you read it, even if you only believe  a fourth of what she has to say it's still a lot. I have read it twice and  enjoyed it just as much the second time.  It makes me think different about  the people I have lost and things that happen around me.  I'm sure you will  enjoy it too.
0679805273|5.0|This is the most profound description of life in the big open world, better than any poet or philosopher could have written.  Should be required reading for every high school and college student.  A must read for every  being on this planet.
0440234743|3.0|The book starts with a gripping storyline but then it drags on. The ending is obviously a rush and lacks the exciting pace that Grisham used to have, like in Runaway Jury. Well, at least it's better than The Street Lawyer.  Read it only if you have time.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Many of these reviews are obviously biased to one of the two CD's as preferred. I'd like to say that I've been a huge Metallica fan since the beginning (and along with most of you, lost faith with Load/Reload...)  and I think both discs rule in their own respects.  I bought the CD set  originally because I wanted a digital copy of the EP (my vinyl is  showing the wear).  All of these tracks are classic Metallica.  The Prince  is one of the most blistering hard-core Metallica tracks ever- check out  the solo's. They don't make em like that anymore...  It took me several  months before I even tried disc one, which is now a favorite as much as  disc two.  Disc one really demonstrates Hetfields incredible vocal power  and range that is not as apparent on some of the noisy stuff.    While disc 2 is an incredible adrenalin rush a la early Metallica, disc 1  really sticks with you long after the listen if you give it a chance... (My  faves: Whiskey, Astronomy, Die Die Die My Darling, and Loverman).
B00000JPH6|5.0|The Dark Crystal is one of those rare, fantastic, intelligent films that takes full advantage of the power of imagination.  So few films immerse you in a completely other world so well.  It is a classical tale of good and  evil.  This story sees Jen and Kira, last of the elf-like Gelfling race, on  a journey to the Palace of the grotesquely evil  Skeksis in order to heal  the fractured Dark Crystal.  It is a simple enough story for young chidren  to grasp, yet pertinent enough to engross adults.<br />This is not your  typical Jim Henson fare.  Incredibly real and life-like, every creature in  the film was brought to life by puppeteers.  Some of the creatures and  situations are rather frightening and could give a young child nightmares.   Giant, black, crab-like soldiers called Garthim are shown breaking suddenly  into peaceful areas and causing panic and destruction.  There are scenes of  evil, vulture-like Skeksis torturing defenseless Podlings (little gnome-ish  people).  The Skeksis also have sharp, jagged teeth and some make menacing  noises.  I watched this film countless times as a young child, and while  the creatures were frightening, I don't remember ever being afraid to watch  the film.  This is a film which does not underestimate the viewer's ability  to think and wonder.<br />The wise, peaceful, four-armed Mystics are as  fascinating a film creature as any I've ever seen.  The lush, other-worldly  settings and beings of The Dark Crystal will continue to fascinate me as  they have done all my life.<br />The DVD version is in widescreen (thank  god!).  What an incredible difference!  Twice as full of life and mystery.
B000003JDA|3.0|If this is what J tull has turned into, then I mourn the passing of a fine rock band. When I first heard this album, I found myself wondering &quot;All the songs sound the same!&quot;. Each song blended into the next  and I couldn't really get a feel for each song. After several more hours of  listening, I finally began to pick out some of the best and immediatly  began to skip over the worst. Songs as &quot;valley&quot; and &quot;Another  Harry's Bar&quot; are keepers while &quot;out of the noise&quot; and  &quot;beside myself&quot; quickly hit my do not never consider listening to  again list. This direction in music is fine with me but I miss the heavier  aspects of the band. Thats why I'll go living in the past and remain as  thick as a brick until my aqualung breaks and Im too old to rock and roll,  but too young too die.
B000002KD5|5.0|O Fleetwood Mac j era grande em 1974. Com a entrada de Stevie Nicks e Lindsey Buckingham, o grupo ficou muito melhor. Todas as msicas deste CD so muito boas. As melhores so Rhiannon, Over my head, Say you love me,  Landslide, World turning e I'm afraid. Excelente estria da formao mais  popular deste fenmeno da msica pop mundial
B000002C25|4.0|From the opening blistering track, &quot;D'You Know What I Mean&quot;, to the epic &quot;All Around the World,&quot; &quot;Be Here Now&quot; is a flat-out straight rock n' roll record that hangs on sugar-coated hooks,  memorable melodies, the infectious and hauntingly beautiful resonance of  Liam Gallagher's vocals, and the lush guitar backdrop provided by Noel  Gallagher.  Oasis remains faithful to the old recipe found on their  previous albums, borrowing elements of rock and pop to form music has  withstood the test of time.  &quot;Be Here Now&quot; does have undeniable  high marks (notables including &quot;My Big Mouth,&quot; &quot;The Girl in  the Dirty Shirt,&quot; &quot;Don't Go Away,&quot; &quot;Stand by Me&quot;)  though some tracks are lacking compared to several unreleased b-sides of  the band, which is often the case with this band.  All in all, the album is  overly mixed and starts to wear thin at times within an overstuffed  environment of effects, guitars, and more effects. Unlike &quot;(What's the  Story) Morning Glory,&quot; &quot;Be Hear Now&quot; showcases the band's  obviously apparent hard work in a manner which occasionally outshines the  quality of the record.  Their sophomore effort is more raw and effecting,  without the oblivious trite touches a studio makeover can spew.  Even Noel  himself (according to rumor) disowns this album, acknowledging that it was  overdone and mixed to the ground.  But even at their not-quite-best, Oasis  still pulls off a more superior work than the majority of those scrub bands  vying for your hard-earned dollars.  &quot;Be Here Now&quot; is not the  band's best work, but it's well worth a listen to regardless.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Whenever I go to concerts or hear live recordings, I'm usually disappointed.  However, Sarah is one of the few artists who sound as good live as they do in a recording studio. Neither her vocals nor the  instruments over-power one another.  I particularly loved Possession, Sweet  Surrender, Icecream, and Fumbling Towards Ecstasy. This CD is beautiful and  relaxing.
0767809270|4.0|Jonathan Demme is a director who manages to infuse his movies with wonderful subtle touches, like the all-important opening sequence in this movie, a montage of the City of Brotherly Love -- spiraling faces, painted  murals, bombed out sections of old town -- to the haunting Springsteen  song. As a mainstream movie about AIDS this is top-notch.  Hanks is  heartbreaking, as is Joanne Woodward in her usual no-nonsense form.  The  opera scene seems a bit over the top, and I miss a real connection between  Hanks and his hot Latin lover Antonio Banderas, but this movie went a long  way in bringing the disease and its presence among us real and acceptable  to many more people.  Responsible and poignant.
6304457383|5.0|I caught this on AMC last night and can not shake it from my mind.  I do not usually like scary films, but this movie was incredible.  Audrey Hepburn gives a fabulous performance as a blind woman being taken advantage  of by a bunch of criminals.  It was scary without being very gory.  Great  film that I highly recommend!
6302775302|5.0|A great music concert video, but what really stands out is the interchange between Paul Franklin on pedal steel guitar and Mark Knopfler.
6305308659|5.0|A superb - no, a superlative movie. True touches of classic movie-making from Ross, as he explores the human psyche and change in an accessible and entertaining way. Tobey Maguire isn't the strongest lead, but the  supporting cast is simply stunning. Special effects do all they are asked  and more - and check out a great score from Randy Newman. A thinking man's  feelgood movie.
B000002MG1|5.0|R.E.M.'s &quot;Automatic for the people&quot;, is the greatest album ever.  With songs like Everybody Hurts and Man on the Moon - dedicated to Andy Kaufman, there can be nothing better.  I have the song in all of my  favorite places.  I have 5 of these albums, so I know that I will never  lose one and that I will always have at least one or two lying around just  in case on a weird happening, that I lost one.  Man on the Moon is  definitly my favorite and it should be up there with Losing my Religion.
014028009X|5.0|I honestly couldn't put it down!  Bridget's Diary takes an amusing yet honest look at where most women have been at some point in their life -- single with a &quot;dead end&quot; job, and ultimately thinking they are  overweight, when they really are not!  This book hit the spot for me as it  was very funny and a quick read.  This is a good one!
0553213105|3.0|This was a really good book.  I enjoyed the love story and the suspense of how it would end.  But it could have been a bit more interesting, at times i found myself skipping many pages to get to a more intereting part.  But  all-in-all, an excellent book.  One of those classics you must read.
0385484518|5.0|This is a good book it has both happy and sad molments. There are many things I liked about the book this is only one, that Mitch went back to visit his old teacher after 20 years of not seing him at all after he  promised to come back. The only thing I did not like aboult the book is The  medcine for  als to help slown it down came to late for Morrie. I think  people of all ages wold enjoy this book because it teaches you about death  and how not to be scared of it.
B000000OE7|5.0|This is a great album. I would recommend it to both Queen fans and non-Queen fans. The latter will find in it beautiful ballads and great pop. I think this to be a great introduction to Queen for those who don´t have a  taste for hard rock. To Queen fans: of course this is all about tastes.  Those who only like 70´s Queen and think the band went into decline in the  80´s will very probably feel disappointed, for it doesn´t contain any rock.  But for the TRUE Queen fans-those who understand that ´Sheer Heart  Attack´and ´Innuendo´ are from the same band, only that they evolved-this  is a must. Despite the absence of rock songs this is a true Queen album.  The quality of the music, the melodies, Freddie´s voice, the guitars...the  unmistakable &quot;Queen sound&quot; is there. Finally, I´d like to clear  things up about the origin of the songs: actually, only two of the sogs had  been previously released. --&quot;My life has been saved&quot; was the  B-side of the single &quot;Scandal&quot;. And &quot;Heaven for  everyone&quot; is atrack from The Cross´first album. I think there´s a  noticeable difference in Freddie´s voice in these two songs. But as they  weren´t widely available before this album´s release they´re warmly  wellcomed. No fan would regret their inclusion. --&quot;Made in  heaven&quot; and &quot;I was born to love you&quot; are in their origin  older songs from Freddie´s &quot;Mr. Bad Guy&quot; solo album(that´s 1985).  But these songs were retaken and Freddie sang them in hist last days and  were transformed into Queen songs. So these songs were recorded in 1991 and  are great songs, so what´s the problem? Freddie wanted to sing all he could  before he died. --&quot;Too much love will kill you&quot; was recorded by  Queen during the Innuendo sessions but it didn´t appear on the album. It´s  abeautiful ballad and it´s sung by Freddie, so it should be here. --The  remaining songs were recorded after Innuendo. Their lyrics are full of life  and drama. All of them are songs of the higher quality and very  Queen.<br />Definetely this album is a pleasure for your ears.
0312243022|2.0|When I heard about Cunningham's tribute to &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot;, I looked forward to it with enthusiasm. However, I was greatly disappointed.  While it is obvious that the author has done his research on Woolf herself  (the various sections of the book which are written from Woolf's  perspective are marvelous), the other alternating story lines and their  characters are flat and uninteresting.  Some readers said they enjoyed  recognizing parts of the original novel.  I didn't.  I felt as though  Cunningham was trying too hard to be politically correct in updating the  classic, and the result is a very forced replica of the original characters  and of Woolf's style. The ending is an abrupt attempt to tie loose ends  together and further spoils the entire reading experience.<br />I suppose it  is unfair to compare &quot;The Hours&quot; to the original; however,  Cunningham is the one who has invited us to do so.  The only positive  result of this is that Woolf fans will appreciate her work even more after  a failed attempt to recreate it.  I can appreciate Cunningham's obvious  love for and respect of Woolf; but while his idea for the novel is indeed  original, the execution is not.  &quot;The Hours&quot; is far from  deserving of the vast amounts of praise and awards it has received. It is a  shame that the judges were so taken with a work that is an inferior  reflection of someone else's genius.  I hope that the notoriety of the  Pulitzer Prize will not deceive people into thinking that The Hours is a  substitute for &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; or for Virginia Woolf. It is not  even a worthy companion.
B000002MTU|5.0|Okay, lets clear some things up here for the uppity, ignorant people who think they can categorize blues.  First of all, there are so many styles of blues, one cannot compare Clapton to so many at once- B.B. King, Howlin'  Wolf, or either of the Vaughans (just to name a few).  Every guitarist has  their own style, especially in the blues (and I cannot stress that enough).   Blues is all about personal expression out of a basic framework.  Blues  songs are all simliar in some aspects, but it is the guitar or harmonica or  voice or whatever that makes it so personal.  Clapton has a very unique  style.  It's been a long while since he's played straight Blues, and  &quot;From The Cradle&quot; is like a return for Clapton he's long  anticipated.  Listen to his guitar and his voice (even though he may not be  the most effective singer).  If you don't like the style, thats fine- just  don't go slamming him saying he can't play.  His style is all his own, and  its a pretty mean blues guitar.
B00000JZC4|5.0|This is my favorite cd of all time! the songs on it are all unique-i never get tired of them! i have always liked filter alot, but now that i have this new one-- i'm sold, they are my favorite band. this cd is a lot  different than short bus but its only different because they have improved  so much in their music! i love it!
0140067477|2.0|The Tao of Pooh brought out many emotions from me. Most of them were argumentative and the rest were indifferent. What made me mad was that the author was too idealistic. He mentions something like we should just let  things happen and they will get done. Well in my American society, things  don't just happen by them selves and things don't just fall into place. It  takes a lot of work to make things work and more work to make things work  right. In addition, this book is very one sided. It would have been more  effective if Benjamin Hoff found some way to relate Poohs Tao way of life  to that of another animated character that follows, Confucianism, and/or  Buddhism. <br />Targeted Readers: People interested in philosophy, Tao way of  thinking, people against and for an idealistic society.
B000002JS6|5.0|First, this album is should only be considered by those who love the pure density that hard rock can offer. This album is not about fancy solos; this album is not about technique (sure, the album does only have 3 chords--but  heck, that's all they need!); this album is not about pretty; and this  album sure as hell isn't about promoting Christianity. That being  established, let's briefly think about what this album has offered me and  other listeners for 20 years now...<br />I first heard this album when my  brother received a copy for Christmas back in the early 1980s. That same  Christmas I received an album by Journey. After hearing the opening riffs  to &quot;Back in Black,&quot; my Journey album quickly became a useful  frisbee to play with outdoors, while inside the house the family record  player literally wore out this AC/DC album. I was hooked and have never  looked back. <br />This album is the musical equivalent of a 12-pack of cheap  beer; while it may not seem too appealing initially (especially when  sober), drink the proverbial &quot;12 pack&quot; and you will find yourself  blasting the neighborhood with such jems as &quot;Shoot to Thrill&quot; and  &quot;Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution.&quot; This music is purely  Dionysian. It is meant to be felt by the body, not the intellect. Immature?  Sure. Irresponsible? Perhaps. But AC/DC ain't no morality scene---and if  you think hard rock should be, then you have come to the wrong place. <br />If  you love hard rock and want to join the millions of people for whom this  music has become a sountrack to their lives, buy this album. It will not  disappoint.
B000002LJW|5.0|I know this album is a few years old and I have many other ones from Clapton, ie. &quot;24 Nights, Cream, Unplugged, Slowhand&quot;, etc.  It you like Clapton and his blues on electric guitar, this is the album to  get.  If you appreciate the acoustic setting, get the Unplugged album.  Either one of these you will not regret even though they are all good.  If  you play guitar like me and want to jam along, get this one or the  unplugged album.  If you just need to listen to blues, these are pretty  good too.  Good luck!
B00002R0MC|5.0|This is Bob Marley at his best.  Although there are a lot of great Bob marley tracks that were left out of this box set, it is unparralelled in its presentation and content.  A true must have for any true Bob Marley  fan.
0440234743|5.0|Few books touch me as this one has. I have read earlier Grisham novels with generally mixed results. I was reluctant to read this book based on that history but had read glowing reviews and the plot description  intrigued me.  The juxtoposition of the fast-paced style of the lawyers  with the simple life of the missionary cannot be overstated particularly in  our secular society.  Regardless of your personal views, this book should  make you think and reason...to me that is an excellent recommendation for a  book...Now I may go back to some of those Grisham books that I have passed  up!
0767802659|5.0|This is one of the finest High Adventure films ever made. I was captivated in the first few scenes, and was on the edge of my seat until the closing credits. The monsters are horrific, and still inspire awe and fear, even  though I've seen the movie a dozen times. If you love space adventure at  its best, this is an excellent movie to purchase. It will continue to  satisfy after many viewings. Sure, some aspects are a bit corny, but, for  me, that simply adds to the aura of this soon-to-be cult classic.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a truly magnificent film! From the very start I was excited, intrigued and downright gobsmacked as to the depth and feel to the film. I truly loved this flick. The funky urban feel that it had, and the effects  incorporated into it were loveable. You really felt that this was going to  be a good film right from the start, and I tell you now it doesnt  dissapoint. I have heard some people say it wasnt what they expected and  that they didnt like it but I think those people couldnt of understood the  film. The concept of the film was astounding and the directors were truly  instrumental in the thinking of the plot. A very clever and believable  story line, especially in the mad capped corrupted world we live in  nowadays. The Matrix..........it came, it impacted and by god I friggin  loved it. All who has eyes should grab some popcorn and sit down and watch  this flick. I cant say any more than that !
B000001FY7|5.0|This is probably Bob Marley's best studio album. It is not as politicaly charged as the others, but is the quintesential album for relaxtion and just plain feeling good.  There is no other greater artist than Bob Marley  and this album is definete proof.
B000000H57|5.0|Type O Negative, quite possibly the best band in the world and in entire existence, came out with &quot;October Rust&quot; quite some time ago. Although it came out in '96, this album is still the one album that shows  Type O Negative's sensitive side, yet also has the same influences that  &quot;Slow, Deep, and Hard&quot; and &quot;Bloody Kisses&quot; have. When a  person listens to this album, the listener is taken into the woods, during  a full mooned fall night. Not only is the music great, it has its own  atmosphere, whether listening to it in the car or listening to it during  the blazing hot summer. I recommend everyone have a copy of this album, and  al other Type O Negative albums ever made:)
6304925131|4.0|As is typically the case, I read the excellent novel by John Grisham before watching this motion picture.  As is not typically the case, though, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Francis Ford Coppola should be one of only a few  directors even allowed to direct a big screen version of a Grisham novel  (and they should keep Sidney Pollak the hell away from them)!<br />This movie  abounds with excellent performances from Matt Damon, Jon Voight, Mickey  Rourke, Claire Danes, Danny Glover, &amp; Danny DeVito.  Coppola and the  cast clearly got their mojo working on this one.  The only reason I gave  this picture 4 stars instead of 5 is that it failed to include Grisham's  portrayal of Rudy Baylor in his last year of law school and the breakup of  the firm in which he thought he had a secure future.  It also doesn't do a  very good job of telling us how Rudy met Miss Birdie to begin with (again,  read the book).  This novel came out just as I finished law school, and my  wife thought that Rudy's early struggles really made the book.  I agree  with her. Coppola settled for a really good movie when he could have made a  great one instead.
B000000W8C|5.0|My grieve of seeing a small number of reviews was soon replaced by incredible feeling of pride. This music is created for someone who craves a flight above grayness and fuss... It draws down the curtains of small empty  world beyond dark window and opens the one to see Heaven, to talk to God.  Listening to visual poems and seeing the sounds of music gives me a feeling  I was endowed with a great gift of flying... While talking to &quot;A  Northern Soul&quot; I feel a pair of wings spread beyond my back taking me  away again...
0064400557|4.0|I thought  it was a good book because it had a good beginning and a good end. I think it should rate four stars because it has a emotional beginning like when wilbur was almost  killed because he was the runt and fern came to his rescue.A good middle like when wilbur got scared of a thunderstorm  and bust in to the house and in to avery's room. A great ending because  wilbur won first prize at the county fair and got out of a lot of trouble .  I suggest that you read the book to find out what kind of trouble wibur got  in to. I enjoied the book alot and I bet you will too. bye
B000000FG8|5.0|Operation Ivy is clearly the best band ever in the history of bands.  From their amazing peaceful lyrics to their clean distortion ska to their thrashy punk, this band is AMAZING!  This is a band for anyone that enjoys  rock, punk, metal, ska, rock-steady, and/or UNITY! This is a band that you  can turn on, relax to, and listen to the whole thing without ever even  thinking about turning it off.  Every single song of the 27 is my favorite.   BUY THIS ALBUM OR DIE!
630518299X|5.0|Much has been said about The Truman Show, what it is a metaphor for etc.. but to me (and I believe we should relate to movies in our own way) its a metaphor of religion. You see, as a child who was a bit of a loner I  wondered &quot;am I the only real person&quot;,&quot;Are all these people  here as actors or symbols for temptation, confrontation, situations  etc..&quot; don't get me wrong I am not religious at all &quot;why was I  specifically on this point in earth, at this date, could that snot nosed  kid sitting next to me in math be really that pathetic or is someone  watching and waiting to see if I call him names.&quot; OK, ok so you're not  that intereseted in this chain of thought , don't mind me, The Truman Show  can still entertain and move the unimaginative. Notice the great scene  where Truman weary of his surroundings, filled with suspicsion rotates that  revolving door(great camera work) then walks out stops a bus, streches his  arms, accompanied with a thumping soundtack reminscent of the one for  missipi burning and yes he is the only one there, what a sequence. The film  also has one of the greatest endings in movie history, Christof (God,  Ruler) offers Truman conformity , pridicatabily (organised religion) and  Truman leaves that behind him to see what to make of matters (life,morals  the rest of the world)for himself.....well thats what it meant to me  anyway.......oh and great soundtrack too. Catch this flick and think about  , its not over-rated its under-rated , as it is not obvious or morally ham  fisted as say Saving Private Ryan (which won Five oscars) but thats a whole  other story.
B000000WJK|5.0|I still can't believe this abyss of endless feelings is just another CD I lately bought... This music is a precious gift. I don't believe I will ever comprehend it, my words will only distort this delicate beauty. Have it,  I'm afraid of spelling the word &quot;buy&quot;. This music is priceless.  It is the silent whisper of the most beautiful soul...
B00000BKDZ|5.0|the bass lines on this album can make jason newsted bow down to steve harris.this is probably the greatest maiden album of all time
0780625129|5.0|If you think racism isn't alive anymore it just went away think again.  I never really thought about racism to much.  Then when I was in NJ visiting family I saw this movie.  This movie teaches you so much about racism more  then any school could ever teach you.  All of the actors in the movie were  incredible and i really like the movie.
0780623592|3.0|I liked City Hall quite a bit. I liked the furniture, I liked the art direction, I like the scene between Al Pacino and Danny Aiello at the break of a broadway a show. I liked the new york talk, the politics, the media  maneuvering.    So why the hell do I feel short changed by this movie. It  works as an average thiller but that's not what its supposed to be about. I  felt it was way to get things going (all the shooting , tha mafia etc..) to  stay away from what is really interesting, the mayor, the backstage  business of being mayor. Had the movie stayed with that it would have much  more than an average thriller, but Al Pacino (the mayor) is a supporting  character for a good two thirds of this movie, which is precisely the  problem with it.
B00000FZQ8|5.0|Like several reviewers, I first saw *Silent Running* as a youngster.   It is one of the reasons I attempt to live a simpler lifestyle than Madison Ave.'s brainwashing.   Bruce Dern's performance as the dedicated oddball  who becomes a reluctant hero out of desperation and madness seems more  realistic than come-to-life cartoon heros James T. Kirk or Han Solo.    (Yes, I enjoyed Star Trek and Star Wars.)    Are the special effects dated?    Yes, but Lucas revised his Star Wars trilogy when computers could do  better.   As a long time admirer of Joan Baez, I wish the soundtrack was  available.   Some say *Silent Running's* ideology is tired, but I hope not.    Apathy's consequences is the central theme of the movie.
0679746048|5.0|Once in a while you read a book that leaves an aftertaste like good cognac would. Girl, Interrupted is such a book. The writing is simple and so good. I was laughing as I was reading it and reading passages again and again,  because they were vital and written with just the right amount of cynicism.  The story in itself is witty and ironical. This book is one of the best I  have read in a very long time. This author knows how to say what she wants  to say without using superfluous language.
6305095442|5.0|About a week ago My brother gave me the DVD version of THE EVIL DEAD 2. After watching it I bought the other 2 movies it was that good. I hoping for a fourth one.
6305229449|5.0|I was a bit skeptical at first in purchasing this movie. I'm not really the type of person who likes animated movies. But when I saw the reviews here at Amazon.com I thought maybe I'll check it out. It was the best!  Anyone who hasn't seen it must see it now! A MUST SEE!
6304539282|5.0|When first I saw Star Wars; A New Hope I was overwhelmed. It was the perfect movie. And when I saw the other two it became even better. I didn't think any movie could be as good as A New Hope, but The Empire Strikes Back  and Return of The Jedi are just as good. The autumn 1999 I saw The Phantom  Manace 2 times and it was brilliant. I can't wait to see no. 2 and 3,  'cause if they live up to the standerts of the other Star Wars movies they  will be great, I have no doubt about that. I would definitely recommend  that everybody either buy or rent these movies. There is only one more  thing to say: MAY THE FORCE BE WITH YOU, ALWAYS
0920668372|5.0|A lovely, silly story about a mother and her son.  Time after time, mother slips into her son's room, and no matter what sort of mischief he has  gotten into, she sings her loving song to him.  &quot;I'll Love you  forever, I'll love you for always. . . &quot;  The ending is too wonderful  and touching to tell you.  You will just have to read it.
B000002P5W|5.0|This album should be in the collection of any fan of guitar-based music. It is Hendrix's true genius starting to be realised. This is because he was less constrained in the length of the songs by manager/producer Chas  Chandler on this album. The longer songs have more time to shine, with more  variety than on 'Are You Experienced?'. There are still some instant  classics on here, such as 'If 6 was 9', 'Wait Until Tomorrow', and the Noel  Redding song 'She's So Fine'. Noel's songwriting just can't match the  originality of Hendrix's, however. There are so many influential styles on  this album, from funk to blues to guitar rock. My favourite tracks are the  vocal-led groove of 'Little Miss Lover' and the epic and soaring guitar of  the title track, 'Bold As Love'. Another amazing album by the guy who for  many comes as close to god status as a musician can.
B00000064G|5.0|I almost fell off the couch when I heard &quot;Pink Moon&quot; on a tv commercial, but the spot itself is so beautifully done, I'm not complaining.  Especially when many thousands of people are being exposed to  a most deserving (if sadly departed) artist.  Kudos to VW's ad agency for  picking this music, and bravo to VW for having the courage to air something  far less than obvious.
0553108034|4.0|I bought this book before I ended the first in the series so I wouldn't have to wait to read what happened to the leading characters and to found out who won the battle. George Martin now keeps me waiting for his third,  and I hope, final book.  I can't keep going with the suspense - how about  some closure and a happy ending, George?  These books are not for the  fainthearted; it does get gruesome and some characters you come to admire  get killed off.  Still, the magic, the wonderful character descriptions,  and the interweaving of plots keep this series on my top reading list.
0064471837|5.0|If you are looking for a truly amazing book, pick this one up! This is such an enchanting story. If you are searching for a unique book in the genre of fantasy, and you search the bookstore aisles for ever (like I do)  then this is the book for you. Since people in the USA have discovered  Garth Nix in the last 6 months, the sales rank of this book has gone from  the mid 100,000's to the 5,000's. That's how good this book is. I can't  even to explain how well it is written, and how much you will like it when  you sit down and experience it. I say experience because it is truly an  experience, it takes you to another world. Don't let this one get away!
B000005DQR|5.0|I dont really care what kind of music this is. Forget labels, there are too many of them and Ive forgotten what most of them mean. Labels are for people just out of short trousers who feel the need to make some sort of  fashion/lifestyle statement. This album is right up there with the best. In  addition to being a marvellous technological acheivement it is also great  accessible music which deserves a far wider audience than it gets. Sure, it  contains lots of samples, beats etc but thats merely a side issue. What  matters is that it sounds great and bears repeated play. Buy now.
6301763041|2.0|Im a huge fan of John Waters, but I found this to be pretty lame stuff.  This is the only John Waters movie I have only seen once....once was enough.  It's not the WORST movie ever, as some reviewers in here have  stated (c'mon, just about anything Madonna touches is worse than  this)...the musical numbers are fun, but I'd rather watch Serial Mom or  Polyester than Cry-Baby.
B00000251N|5.0|I purchased this album in vinyl format when originally released, and saw the movie after reading the book by Richard Bach. It was, and still is, the most amazing movie soundtrack ever. Tranqiull &amp; peacfull where required  but breaks into an upbeat tempo that carries you with johnathon on his  experimental flights. FANTASTIC
B00000IAU3|5.0|This woman not only has an incredible voice but the songs just fit her. The order of the songs on the album seems to flow effortlessly from one to the next. Not a single one is out of sequence with the previous or the  next. They make you want to stop what you are doing and become engrossed  into them. I can't wait for her next CD. Great CD
B000021Y74|5.0|I'm usually a big fan of Moritz Bleibtreu, anyway, but he was totally overshadowed by the dazzling perfomance of Franka Potente in this film.  As a friend said, &quot;I could watch that red hair in the wind for  days&quot;.  This is a beautiful film.
0440234743|2.0|I enjoyed reading this book, primarily because I was in the mood for a fast and easy read after the holidays.  The book starts out with a bang, and the story was fun to follow.  But, my main criticism of almost all  Grisham books continues to be that the author doesn't seem to know how to  end something.  Everything gets wrapped up too neatly and easily, and  that's it.  I wanted more - after the great beginning and interesting  middle, I felt cheated with a cop-out ending.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Don't listen to the trend-seekers, this is good stuff. On the first few listens, it might seem a little disorienting because the songs are a spattering of many influences and don't seem to fit any cohesive theme.  That's okay, it all makes sense in the end. No Code rocks!
B00000K19E|5.0|stunning. exhilerating. oscar-worthy. these words do not describe this film. they merely scratch the surface into a film that will go down as a benchmark for all sci-fi/action movies in the future. The Matrix was  brilliantly written, it would have been a smash hit with high school actors  in it, but what set it apart from every other movie in recent memory was  the tight delivery by actors you wouldn't expect it from. personally i  can't wait for the sequels! and i'm going to make a point to see more  Wachowski movies! i definately recomend this movie. &quot;I can only show  you the door, you must walk through it.&quot;
B000000OXH|4.0|Alpha continues where Asia ended. It is the same style - there's not been cared som much for the details though. Still, every single song is melodic futuristic rock at its best.
0553212443|3.0|I think the book was very understandable and it had very little words that were hard to understand.It had all of its chapters labeled.This book really puts a young person in thought and even some adults.
B000000OMB|4.0|Asia was the first band I called \\"my favourite one\\". Via Asia, I got to know my later and present favourite Yes.<br />The influence of Yes shines through in this first album of the band. It is especially obvious in the  afterplay to »Cutting It Fine«.<br />But this is mainly a rock album. Some  call it prog rock - who knows why - indeed, it is true that there is more  to it than just plain 1980's rock. It has a touch, it has more soul. It is  bombastic rock without even being close to hardrock. Well worth listening  to!<br />My favourites on this debut album are »Wildest Dreams«, »One Step  Closer«, and of course the first single »Heat Of The Moment«.
0790729628|3.0|Blade Runner is an absolute must for the Sci-Fi cinema connoisseur. I waited to purchase the wide screen directors cut on VHS before I'd have anything to do with watching this masterful film at home on some overrun  rental copy. However, what this film needed was remastering for DVD quality  and features. A remarkable film in itself, however, doesn't always mean a  good viewing experience is guaranteed. The transfer to DVD from film showed  major signs of film shake, dust, and overall poor mastering. The titles and  text were poor; losing their crisp edges, showing that not taking care of  color balance and using good analog-to-digital mastering can really ruin a  good viewing experience. Then to top it off, the exquisite Vagellis  soundtrack wasn't reproduced in the Dolby Digital surround sound I was  expecting from DVD. My SVHS played the soundtrack better than the DVD! A  real disappointment. Of course, some may say I am being picky, but with the  tempo of the film -- seeing the room shake like the camera needed to be put  on a steady cam is not acceptable, period! For reference, the playback was  reproduced on Sony's reference model DVD-7700 using component video on both  a Mitsubishi HDTV and a Sony VEGA-36XBR flat screen TV. The sound was  passed digitally to a BOSE 5.1 home theatre balanced for the room.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The I knew I loved is one of the most amazing songs I heard in a long time.  I can really relate to it alot.  I never get tired of listening to it.
B000031WD9|3.0|American Pie has lots of laughs, but it is just a teen movie.  I guess that it is, in a way, the Porky's of the 90s.  But I was hoping for better.
B000009ED0|5.0|its not just the same old tired lyrics, he may repeat himself a little but every song has a different meaning. and anyone who says that they are ruining rock with rap, think about when you were a kid listening to easy E and maybe a little snoop  doggy dogg in the early 90's. then remember how you also listened  to  metallica in the eighties and pearl jam and nirvana in the early 90's as  well. its all good music. all the rap now is horrible except for a few  songs by dmx. so kid just took the best of both worlds mixed them together  and made a sound and energy that made him famous...give the man a chance  and go with a little change. its good for your health people. also there isnt a bad song on this album. i would have to say the only one on that album that is tired is bawitdabaw. it was largly over played and thats why radio and mtv ruin good music. i hate that!  peace. rock the house yall!
6305657947|3.0|The Thomas Crown Affair is basically yet another new edition of the classic caper flick, in the tradition of Mel Gibson's Payback, The Big Hit, and the seminal Point Break. Don't Worry-its not a shameless.   TCF '99 has a decidedly modern look and sound and manages contemporary twists on the old robbery with romance thing. Those  familiar with the TCF '68 might be either upset or relieved that the  producers of the film don't ressurect the mod pop style and attitude of the  Mcqueen/Dunaway original.  At any rate, the '99 version is quite  entertaining, and the suspense mounts smoothly but predictably.  Brosnan  looks the part and comes off as a fairly likeable billionaire daredevil,  which might be harder than it sounds.  Rene Russo is a personal favorite of  mine, and she looks gorgeous and turns in a believable performance as as a  kind of sexy, high class insurance claims rep. Its great to see her in a  good role in the wake Pushing Tin and the last Lethal Weapon.  I have to give two thumbs up to whoever is responsible for the wardrobe in  TCF 99.  It is absolutely fantastic!  Brosnan's suits make the rest of us  dream of a time where we wouldn't be forced to by off the rack. And incidentaly, for a couple  of old farts Russo and Brosnan really steam it up between the sheets!   Don't Miss TCF '99....
B000002UR7|4.0|Although I enjoy all of Radiohead's music, their first album, 'Pablo Honey', is my favorite. Hearing the song, 'Creep', for the first time in 1993, tuned me into the British music scene that was on the horizon soon to  take over the U.S. This album is responsible for the flood of bands from  England, which shortly followed after Radiohead's release, bands like  Oasis, Blur and The Verve. Radiohead's, 'Pablo Honey' captures them at  their best, as their more recent albums have slightly diminished in  greatness.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies In reasent history if you feel like a good laugh see this movie
630349255X|5.0|Baraka is one of the rare films that really captures the beauty and essence of our worlds many landscapes and cultures. The cinematography(originaly shot in 70mm)is by far the best of any movie ever made. The soundtrack (Michael Stearns, Dead Can Dance...) is equally  impressive , creating a visual and audio experience like no other. One  leaves the theater truly inspired and euphoric. I own the video,  the soundtrack and can't say enough positive things about this  movie. Buy it and set aside 2 hours with no phone calls, no bills, no  interuptions...and truly take in what this movie has to offer.
0553212443|3.0|The book was about a man that was very mean and a a poor family that had a boy named tiny tim who was crippled and when the ghost of christmas future came he would see that tiny tim would die and on a stone he seen would have  his name but in the end he became a nice man he gave the poor mans family  some more family.
B00000295A|4.0|Jamiroquai's first release with Sony S2 makes an important rebirth of Funk music. It's really difficult to find a band in our days with that exceptionnaly well fusioned Acid Jazz - Funk - Pop style as Jamiroquai.  Since Stevie Wonder no music band could ever reach that level of musical  quality in what respects funk. The tracklist offers us a great variety of  different sounds, coming from When you gonna learn and Too Young to die  both famous and revolutionary money making singles to intrumental  (latin-jazz style) Music of the mind. Jamiroquai finds the key for 70's  rebirth true a bass, a guitar, the drums, a trumpet, some keyboards and a  didgeridoo.<br />My favorite tunes: When you gonna learn, Too Young to die, If  I like it I do it, Music of the Mind and Revolution 1993.
B000007ODM|5.0|This CD seems to be a portal to music way, way back in time, but is also optimistic and angelic. The mixture of voices, instruments and technology here would foreful everything Guido Monaco was trying to achieve. This is  awesome use of music....
0780626966|5.0|I've had the Nightmare Collection since it was released back in September.  All I can say is that the collection is the crown jewel of my DVD stock.  The movies look so great, that they feel like all new films.  I watched the  old VHS transfers and they don't compare.  The DVDs are crisp and clear  while the VHS tapes are faded and just plain ugly.  Sound Quality is  outstanding.  Plus, the films are presented in their 1.85:1 aspect  ratio...the widescreen expeirence from the movie theatre.  If you've had  second thoughts, don't...this is a must....if you don't have a DVD  player...hey...better get one...just don't miss out on these films.   Freddy's been brought back to life, and he's never looked, or sounded,  better.   abe
B00000J6AG|5.0|This cd is great, it also makes for an interesting time if you actually read the whole insert you will find all of moby's views on things i love his different styles but my favorites are still the faster songs like  bodyrock, but yeah, get the cd
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is a great cd.  If you dont have it get it soon.  Limp Bizkit was pretty good before, but this cd is great.  Methodman is awesome on N 2 Gether Now.
0553212443|4.0|I like this story because its not all real. Even though its a christmas story it is neat because it is a story about ghosts and sprits , and I like stories like that. I liked the middle of the book mostly because of the  sprits and the ghosts. I thought some of the words were a little hard to  understand , but other than that I liked the book (story) a lot!
0679746048|4.0|A wonderful book.  I would highly recommened this book to others.  If you have ever wondered what goes on in a mental institute?  This is the book for you.
0783226063|3.0|First of all, the DVD quality is pretty good.  It is nice to see this film in widescreen.  There are not very many extras, though, which is disappointing.  When will the studio include all those cut scenes that  turned up in the horrible tv version by &quot;Alan Smithee&quot; ?  Seems  like a great wealth of bonus materials to mine...<br />Now, as far as the film  goes, I stayed with it until we meet the Fremen about half way through.   Then I think the movie falls apart.  I am a big fan of the books.  I think  Mr. Lynch lost his story at that point.  It becomes hard to follow.  There  is nothing to unite the movie.  The design of the film is incredible.  I  quite like the bald Reverend Mothers and the Guild Navigators in their  different stages.  I even approve of Lynch's addition of the &quot;Weirding  Module&quot;.  However, fantastic design does not a good film make!  Lynch  gets so close to the tone of the books when he uses the thought-voiceovers,  which is quite daring.  I've never seen voiceovers done like that before.   I think he was almost on to something.<br />However, ultimately the film  fails.  When will studios understand that STORY drives a film, not funky  special effects.  DUNE could almost be made without effects (or very few)  because it is a story about power and the &quot;plans within plans&quot; of  feuding powers.  <br />I look forward to the Sci-Fi Channels DUNE mini-series.   Here's hoping second time's a charm!
0060977493|5.0|I read this miracle of a novel when it first appeared in 1997. Recently I listened to a recording of it which I highly recommend to those you who also love this book--Donada Peters' reading for Books on Tape. Simply put,  it's a wonderful reading of a wonderful book.
0800136586|5.0|I saw this dazzling movie with my family when I was 10 years old and the dance routines will truly blow you away! Annie is quite a spunky young character who found herself flying through such hair-raising adventures,  including the heart-stopping part where she is dangling in empty air from  an open drawbridge (reminds me of the very similar one in the downtown of  Tampa where I grew up). However, there are some parts in this movie that  may be a bit sleazy for young kids, like Carol Burnett acting like a brazen  whore in front of Daddy Warbucks and Rooster hungrily smooching his  dumb-blonde girlfriend after they kidnapped innocent young Annie. But  overall, it's a truly dreamy Norman Rockwellesque ride through The  Thirties.
6303824382|5.0|One of the greatest action movies I have ever seen.  The best one in the entire trilogy.  An excellent movie by all measures.
0790729407|5.0|I had occasion to view this movie on Irish television over Christmas. It really reminded me how proud I was to be Irish. The movie itself is surprisingly accurate, and considering it is a 'Hollywood' offering,  doesn't really clutter things up with needless fluff. The cinematography is  amazing, and the soundtrack does justice to what is a very moving  experience. I recommend anyone who is Irish, or of Irish descent, who  really wants to find out about their Irish heritage, to view this movie.
B000002H72|5.0|When I think of the good elements of the supposed &quot;ALTERNATIVE ROCK&quot; category...two albums surface at the top: Pixies-Doolittle and My bloody valentines-loveless. These are recordings among a few others that  defined what is now sadly watered down. Enjoy the concentrated goodness of  two over 10 year old albums. It's unreal.
0451198492|5.0|Wonderful, majestic, and mind blowing
B000001ES9|3.0|Rush's first album is a good album but not their best. I suggest you to buy &quot;Fly By Night&quot; or &quot;Caress of steel&quot;. These for begginers rush fans.
0553212443|5.0|I think this book would be a good book because it  would have adventure and scaryness but a good book for a middle schooler and a adult.
B000002JS8|5.0|A premeir rock act. A singer who could probably voice cartoon characters, lyrics written for six year olds, the same chords repeated over and over for twenty odd years, and guitar solos that can't be imitated. That's AC  DC. When you buy ACDC you know exactly what your getting. No surprises, no  'experiments', no 'different directions', just good time rock. I chose to  review Highway to Hell, because that's my favorite from the Bon days,  second would be High Voltage. This album has what the great ACDC albums  have, great anthems, slick solos, and basic, bone crunching chords. I love  them, their music is great. If you're just a little curious and know  nothing of ACDC, buy this album. If you dig it, then hurry up and pick up  'Back in Black' , 'Dirty Deeds', and 'Jailbreak'.
B000021XR5|5.0|You know... The Stone Temple Pilts have and always will be a great &quot;Rock and Roll&quot; band but I think they are more than that now.  They have become legends in the minds of their fans and some critics.  This  album is such a magnificent piece of work though.  It is &quot;well rounded  like a smart person.&quot;  It has fast music, slow music, melodic music,  sad music and all the music you would want.  Scott Weiland's lyrics on this  album, NO. 4,are so juicy and colorful they can put you in a trance.  But  all you hard core people out there wanting to listen to some fast music to  beat people to don't get sad.  This latest album has its fare share of the  hard edge punk tempo music they are most known for. When the album is  finished you may feel bad about it, thinking the Pilots have changed, but  they have not at all.  All in all this is a EXCELLENT album and there  should be no-doubt at all to go out and buy it.
B000008H1R|5.0|This early Tull work is indeed a far and softer cry from the later and more popular Aqualung, but still stands tall as my favorite Tull album. It's lyrics are deeply personal and heartfelt and the intro track has  caused me to cry more than once. All that is needed is a bit of time to let  it grow on you.
B00001U0DP|3.0|This was a good movie in the first half as comedy and the underlying plot was beginning to unfold. I had a sense of time and place as to where the story was taking place. It was funny and honest but then all of a sudden  Benigni is sent to the concentration prison camp with his son and wife  to  serve the German Nazi's causes and be killed at their expense. When I was  watching this film, I didn't know what to make of the second half. It was  supposed to be a serious subject being in prison and working for the Nazis  in WWII. What I found in the second half, was that the subject matter was  not there for laughter as Benigni's character did. It was meant for  seriousness of how humans; how grey the circumstances may be; survive the  best they could. Benigni was making fun of the situation when in all it was  not supposed to be funny. The first half was great just as I thought the  story was about. When watching the second half, I didn't know whether to  laugh or not when watching the character's actions. In all a good movie but  would have liked it even more if it was all comedy that didn't have a  serious subject matter.
0684872153|5.0|I know that this will soon come out in theatres, but in case you haven't read it, read it now!  I love the way Frank McCourt writes!  I floated through the Irish cadence.  It was as if I was in Ireland listening to him  telling his stories.  Believe it or not, I enjoyed the run-on sentences!  I  am going to soon order 'Tis which is already out and on sale on Amazon.com.   <br />People in America do not know what being poor really means.  Through ¾  of this book, I don't believe he and his family ate anything besides a  little bread and tea.  I don't know how any of them survived, although many  of his siblings did die from hunger.  My own mother, here in America during  the 40s, suffered from the same angst that Angela did in having a husband  who would get paid on Friday and not return home until all the wages were  gone.  She had five kids to feed but, fortunately, although she may not  have felt fortunate in the beginning, she had a skill and the gumption to  try and make it on her own.  There are many women today that do not possess  the self-confidence in themselves to believe they can make a living without  a man or government assistance.  I only hope we can help those who are  willing to give it a try.  Anyway, it does give you a lot to think about  and be appreciative of . . .
B000001FS3|5.0|Achtung Baby was excellent, but if you are going to buy one U2 disc, get this. The first 3 songs are great, but have been played plenty on the radio. The rest of the disc is just as good. In God's Country, Trip Through  Your Wires, Running To Stand Still, One Hill Town are all amazing songs.  The flow of the disc is great as well, each song blending with the next to  create a trip through countryside americana, U2 style of course.
B0000203Y5|5.0|God bless Ry Cooder for bringing these extraordinary musicians to the world's attention while they're still alive to hear the applause.
0394521684|5.0|I found this book to be one of the most interesting books I have ever read. Brian Froud creates a detailed explanation of everything from the world of the dark crystal. The illustrations are beautiful, Froud shows  such a clear picture that I felt like I was realy there. The World of the  Dark Crystal has always fascinated me and Frouds book explains in detail  everything i wanted to know about this mistical world af amazing creatures.  It is a book i will cherish forever.
0446525537|4.0|This is just a nice little book that you can read though in an evening ... I like Nicholas Sparks books for that reason.  Nothing heavy or too involved.  The characters were likable/real ... the ending did a little  twist that I did not expect ... I thought it would go another way.   Definitely worth your time though.
0345347951|5.0|This novel is Simply one of the best science ficiton novels written.  This novel is Arthur C. Clarke writing at his best.  <br />This is the orginal source of the giant space ships appearing over cities around the world in the movie &quot;Indepenence Day&quot;.  It is too bad that Hollywood has  not decided to make this novel in a movie.  It would make a great movie.
1573226521|4.0|For any one who has travelled and has the bug associated with it, The Beach is a book that will make you want to quit your job and go on an adventure. I felt like I was in the main characters shoes trekking through Thailand, not knowing what would happen from day to day. The author has  obviously been the backpacker and draws us in from the very first chapter.   The story turns a little weird towards the end but nonetheless it is an  excellent read. I could not put the book down and have since been looking  for a similar type of escape novel. I have The Gringo Trail lined up for  hopefully the next riveting read through South America!  Don't know how  long I can hold this corporate job with this kind of reading!
0881030775|5.0|I thought this book was unbelievable. It was very exciting. It always had action in the book. It had a very great and fascanating plot. I loved how they walked into a different world. It was cool when all the characters were in the book.It was the best book I've ever read.
068484267X|5.0|This book was horribly sad, and yet I couldn't put the book down! I kept thinking I wouldn't finish it because it was so depressing, but McCourt captured me from page one.  It took me a while to see past sad stories and  realize the triumph of Frank McCourt.
0881030775|5.0|I thought this book was unbelievable. It was very exciting. It always had action in the book. It had a very great and fascanating plot. I loved how they walked into a different world. It was cool when all the characters were in the book.It was the best book I've ever read.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I so loved Savage Garden's new cd AFFIRMATION.  In fact I loved the words to the title song, that I typed them up and framed them.  The ANIMAL SONG is great that I had to play it over and over again. I KNEW I LOVED YOU was  the reason I bought the cd in the first place.  And I'm glad I did.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This cd is great because hot chick on cover and great songs everyone is great great guitar players and awesome rockers have a goood long road trip Blink 182 keep in touch.
630027179X|4.0|The Arthur legend is told at its best in this retelling of the medevil king.  Wonderfully acted, with a strong supporting cast (Liam Neeson, Gabriel Burne).  The story gets weird at the end, but otherwise it's very  good.
0684800713|3.0|This was the most recent selection of my book club.  I don't think I had read it before.<br />It's a hard read.  Nothing much happens, and the characters, except for Robert Cohn, are so repellant that it's hard to care  about them.  If you don't care about characters, you don't care what  happens to them.  The only character with any dimension is Robert Cohn, the  idealistic outsider trying to get into the crowd and rebuffed at every  turn.<br />Hemingway's famous short choppy adjective-free style doesn't work  well on dialogue because that's not how most people talk, so it's rather  stilted, which contributes to the sense that you don't really know what the  characters are about.<br />However, in his defense, I must say that his  narrative descriptions are superb.  One would think that descriptions  require adjectives, and here he does use them sparingly.  So his style  works beautifully as he describes the bus trip into Spain, the wonderful  fishing expedition, and the bullfights.  It's in those passages that the  characters involved in them come to life - they are interested in something  outside themselves, something other than when they can have their next  drink, and it humanizes them.  They aren't quite so one-dimensional in  those passages.<br />I know this was Hemingway's first big success, and  probably gave an accurate portrayal of the ex-pat life of that time, but if  this were all I knew of him, I would not be tempted to read others of his  works.  Fortunately, I have done so and enjoyed them much more.
0345350499|5.0|This book just grabbed my attention right off the bat.  Marion Zimmer Bradly had a lot of history and story behind this book.  I never wanted to put it down.  The story never legged, but Marion kept it to a level where  the story seemed realistic and you could actually picture every seen.  This  book kinda shows the meaning of what a woman can do if she put her mind to  it and conquers all her obtacles.  I hope, who ever reads this story, gets  out as much as I did and doesn't forget it.
B000002KCI|5.0|Get it if only for Don't cry no tears and Barstool Blues. It makes me feel stoned to listen to it and that's quite a feat since I'm always sober. Great soundtrack for a roadtrip along PCH from LA to San Fran.
B000002MP2|5.0|Thank God for Green Day and the Offspring.  With these two bands around punk rock will never die and the world will be a better place
B00001YXH5|5.0|Once again, Cirque Du Soleil transcends, astounds, enraptures.  The performances are intriguing and magnificent, unique and unbelievable, and all are saturated with a surreal quality that keeps your eyes locked onto  the screen.  I have one complaint.  The camera frustrates me TERRIBLY  during many of the performances with swinging lenses that nauseate,  close-ups that are so close you might as well have your eyes closed for all  you can see, and shots of an audience member during the best three seconds  of an act! The effect of the German Wheel is completely ruined by a camera  that rolls and spins and whips around.  In the future I hope the shows are  filmed with a steady, level view so that the acts can be seen clearly and  in their entirety as they should be!
B00000K19E|5.0|Everything has been said about this cult movie. I just want to add this : Keanu Reeves is a GOD. Even if you don't like this kind of movies, you can't resist Reeves' spell. Go for it !
1563894696|4.0|I waited till this comic appeared in a TPB, and at over 350 pages, it's quite hefty and dense for even a Batman tale.  The premise of Batman vs. the Mob at the start of his career is intriguing, as are the characters and  the way Jeph Loeb handles the Batman.  However, the gimmick of a series of  holiday-related murders forces Loeb to write too long a tale, one that  could have been two or three issues shorter without sacrificing much.  A  red herring linking Bruce Wayne to the mob also goes nowhere, and some of  the villains who show up are less suited to this noirish tale than  others.<br />Tim Sale's art is stylized to good effect, and Gregory Wright's  limited color palette combines with the art to create a noir comic of the  likes not seen since Miller and Mazuchelli's Batman: Year One.  However,  the stylization serves some characters better than others, and the Joker is  a bit too garish.<br />On the whole, this is an above average Bat-book that  strives to tell a complete story built around the three pillars of Batman,  Jim Gordon and Harvey Dent.  But compared with both the recent &quot;No  Man's Land&quot; saga and other, shorter Bat-epics, this is a bit  disappointing until the last 60 or so pages.<br />Simon DelMonte
0767819462|1.0|This is one of the WORST movies I've ever seen. Not that the plot is that boring or the music not entertaining. But it is indicative of Hollywood's limits - having Roberts, Sarandon and Harris (thank God he's in here)  together is by no means a guarantee for a good movie. Everything sounds  fake, the acting is really poor, especially Julia Roberts' - but this isn't  new (see the last scene, for example). Let's forget this movie, there are  thousands of others waiting to be seen.
0316920045|5.0|That's about how long it took for me to read, and how long the feeling stays with you.<br />Just as an example, I remember one night, when I was about 600 - 700 pages through the book, I had to get up early in the  morning the next day.  I started reading at about 1a.m. and couldn't put it  down for hours.  There was a scene so descriptive and energetic that I  couldn't sit still either.  A fight scene like nothing I've ever read in a  book.  I was nervous about reading the next line.<br />As another reviewer  stated, two years later I occasionally remember a section or character and  stir up the feelings of reading this book.  I loved it!
B00000I8DY|5.0|Fantastic Copy of this Opera! <br />Especially, everybody that purchases this CD may thank to Mr.Rene Jacobs for producing this kind of nice CD.<br />Overally, the music itself is well balanced and we may feel that  everybody joined in this project seems to enjoy himself.<br />The most  important item is the CD-rom which explains not only all about this opera  but also our greatest genius MOZART!<br />It's really 'MUST COLLECT' item in  your library.
B000001GQC|5.0|In &quot;Alexander Nevsky,&quot; Prokofiev was challenged to match the cinematic genius of Sergei Eisenstein.  The result is a score that works both as a grand sound track and as an integral part of the epic story of  Nevsky and the Russian people.  One hears it long after the film ends.<br />In  &quot;Kije,&quot; Prokofiev evokes a more folk-like feel, with less  sweeping grandure, but with as much splendor.  Listeners may recognize some  of the Kije themes that have been borrowed by contemporary artists such as  Sting and Emerson, Lake &amp; Palmer.  &quot;Troika&quot; in particular is  memorable and stirring.
0553212443|4.0|My review is about a grumpy old guy that has nothing to do with Christmas.He dosnt belive in being happy or cheerful.One night while sitting in his Lazy Boy he was visited by his dead best freind,who tells  him that he will be seen by three spirits.His last name is Scrooge with  that,he was nicknamed and always will have the name of scrooge.His dead  freind(Jacob Marley)said that the spirits would be:The ghost of christmas  past,present and future.I think that after the experience with the spirits,  he was a better man.
B000002518|4.0|The reknown southwestern writer, C.L. Sonnichsen, opens his book, &quot;Tulerosa&quot;, with the venable paragraph: &quot;The Tulerosa country is a parched desert where everything, from cactus to cowman,  carries a weapon of some sort, and the only creatures who sleep with both  eyes closed are dead.&quot;<br />The Dylan soundtrack album, &quot;Pat Garrett  &amp; Billy the Kid&quot;, embodies the soul of this region of New Mexico  where both men from the title lived, and died. I don't know if Bob Dylan  ever came here to do any type of research, to absorb the essence of our  people, but even if not, he captured it in the music played in this album.  Billy was many things to many people. Essentially, he was a bright, loyal  young man who loved the &quot;gente&quot; of New Mexico. My maternal  ancestors scratched out an existance in the Pecos River valley of Puerta de  Luna near Ft. Sumner where Billy was slain by Pat Garrett. Dylan's music  became a regular play item in my cassette deck as I trudged the back roads  of this area in my Jeep CJ in the 70's and 80's. It became popular, too,  with many other hispanics who have listened to it. I don't know how many  copies were made at request of &quot;viejos&quot; who also detected the  spirit of that time period.<br />If you are looking for Dylan who has tapped  into yet another reservoir of the human quintessence, listen to this  album...listen to the melody and the words.
0553212443|3.0|The vocabulary was exelent. It teaches a very important lesson, that we should all follow. The characters are unforgetable.
0316779237|5.0|&quot;If the guy doesn't like being an elf, find other employment..but don't bother us.&quot; But Sedaris himself says that he took the elf job partly because he thought it was the most &quot;frightening career opportunities&quot; he had ever seen. And near the end he enjoys the  holiday rush. Factual inaccuracies aside, this story is brilliantly and  bitterly funny. The other five in this collection are wonderful and typical  of Sedaris' ability to create full-bodied characters with  acerbic twists.  A nice small christmas gift to put under the tree. Not as essential as  Barrel Fever, but a treat still.
0618001905|4.0|This is a question rather than a review.  When I heard this book reviewed on NPR's Morning Report, most of the comments were about Rev. William Sheppard, a Presbyterian missionary to the Congo in the late 19th century.   Were these comments about this book?  I saw no other books listed in the  last few months on any of the NPR programs that are about this subject.  I  want to order the book if it deals with William Sheppard's involvement in  the Congo.
0553212443|5.0|I think this book is very well written, it gives a sence that you were really there in old England. Dickins explains every thing right down to the point you feel like your at the movies. I think this book is one of the  best of the century.
0553277472|5.0|i'm happy that i finally read this book.  i'm not one to suggest things that other people should do but everyone should probably read this book before doing anything else=).
068484267X|5.0|A gripping tale of a very pathetic childhood.  Why do so many people have a problem with his distaste of the Catholic church?  What did the Church do for him but slam doors in his face? McCourts writing style can't be beat.   I look forward to reading 'Tis.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I really love S&amp;M. I think it's some of the best work they've ever done.  The best songs are Battery, and For Whom The Bell tolls.  The only thing that I was dissappointed in was the following.  I think that they  should have done Fade to Black, and The Unforgiven. <br />I love the sounds of  the orchestra and the band playing so well together.<br />I also loved the  reactions of Micheal Kamen.  He said that he's used to clapping, not  screaming, yelling and lighters.
B0000203Y5|5.0|The most incredible documentary I've ever seen!  Had these musician's been allowed to perform outside of Cuba, they would surely be world reknown (millionaires too! ).  Also, it gives us an idea of how run down and  neglected Cuba has become without US support - such a pity!  It truly must  have been magnificent in its heyday.  The Buena Vista Social Club should be  a must see for all musicians and music students.
B000002TQV|5.0|I had to steal from the last 2 lines of the album for my review title.  To be honest, I truly hated this band in 1995.  Creep was okay, but the rest just seemed like formulated pop.  Boy, was I wrong.  Radiohead opened up  for REM at a concert I attended, and I was blown away by Radiohead. OK  Computer is a great album, but The Bends is unbelievable. Thom York belts  out lyrics with power and precision.  Whoever is the songwriter for this  band is unbelievable as well.  Take a listen through the whole album, and  don't stop until you have immersed yourself in the love of Radiohead.
B0000027F3|5.0|I've bought this CD almost two months ago.I must have given it at least 100 spins by now and I know I'll give it gladly 1000 spins more without hestitation.A must have for every true metal fan.
B00000DFMN|4.0|This album has a number of good songs from The Art of Noise that weren't their most popular, but good none-the-less.  &quot;Close to the Edit&quot; was the first Art of Noise song I heard, and I bought the album mainly to  have a copy of it.  I was glad to discover that the rest of the album,  although varied in style and &quot;feel&quot;, was also very good.
0774032820|5.0|Coles' Notes are terrific to help work you through a detailed look on a book. I am doing an independant study on the book Emma, and after reading it, Coles' Notes was great for clarification, which helped me write my  essay. Coles' notes are a lifesaver to many people who need a better look  into a book, to help them get on the right track for essays, and projects,  etc.
B00000JGOJ|5.0|This movie is one of the most strikingly well-written, stellarly acted and brilliantly executed works I have ever seen. I recommend this to anyone who ever felt even a twinge of hopeless romanticism, and is at any stage of a  relationship. Every twist of the plot and turn of the phrase will leave you  wanting to know more about these characters. Incredible.
B000028U0Y|5.0|I am definitely not a country music fan, but Johnny Cash goes way beyond the country music spectrum. With songs about boozin', druggin', and killin',  Johnny Cash blows away most rock artists. Nothing proves that  more than \\"Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison\\". Recorded live in 1968, in front  of 2000 inmates, this is a really rockin' concert. Cash relates to the  prisoners' lives with songs like \\"Folsom Prison Blues\\", \\"Cocaine Blues\\",  and even some humorous tunes like \\"Dirty old egg-suckin' dog\\". The band,  including Carl Perkins on Electric guitar, keeps a clanky, driving,  two-beat rhythm that makes this more of a rock-a-billy album than a country  album.  The CD includes photos of the concert and honest, heart-felt linear  notes of the show, written by Cash himself in June of 1999. <br />After  reading these memoirs, you start to realize how much of an event this show  must have been, not just to the inmates, but to Cash himself, who  apparently is no stranger to Folsom Prison himself. <br />Johnny Cash is  Badass, so if your thinking about picking up that new Creed CD, (not that  you would be) DON'T! Pick this up instead.
0446525537|4.0|after reading the reviews on this book, i felt i had to defend it.  i started reading sparks when i read the NOTEBOOK, and this was the second sparks novel i read.  the plots are great, sweet, and easy to follow.  this book kind of left me hanging, and that made it a great read.  i recommend  it.  i fully intend to read his other novel, message in a bottle, next.
0140187537|4.0|I love this book. I am only 16 and still in high school and my incredable english teacher made us read of mice and men and I loved it so much i went and read this it is stienbeck is now my favorite author his work is just amazing if you have more than 2 brain cell you can grasp the feelings he is  trying to express. my only problem is that every book he writes ends with  every one dead?  what is that about?
0679882820|5.0|I highly recommend this book.  I have been reading it to my daughter since she was four months old and she loves it.  The sounds and noises fascinate her and she never takes her eyes off the pages every time I read it to her.  This is one of the few books that has kept her attention repeatedly.  We  read it several times a day.  It's one of Dr. Seuss's best!
B000002JBG|2.0|This is not the purchase you should make if you are buying for a child who likes the movie Space Jam. The child will not recognize most of the songs and the language is not appropriate for younger children in several songs.  If you are older looking for some good music, buy it. For younger Space Jam  fans, buy the soundtrack.
0375707972|4.0|Berhard Schlink reveals subtle truths about how individuals and whole nations of people can forgive, and move forward even after the most numbing and base experiences. Schlink also uses clear language and wonderful  imagery to help us develop empathy for a situation and a person whom we  might normally dismiss. It is a great, easy read with a big intellectual  impact.
067158037X|5.0|I've been listening to the unabridged audio version of Frank McCourt's tale and can't wait to get into the car -- I'm finding all sorts of excuses to go do an errand. I'm almost at the end now and while it's a terribly sad  story -- it's a real triumph of the human spirit.  How people of that time  and situation carried on as they did with so little to brighten their lives  was very moving.  It's an incredibly well done story.  The fact that Frank  himself is actually narrating it, adding in the singing of all the songs (I  find myself thinking about Roddy McCauley et al, long after I've turned the  tape off) with the wonderful lyrical tone to his voice makes it all the  more real.  I highly recommend this as a great listen.  Not sure I could  have endured reading it for all it's tragedy, but it comes alive with the  listen!
630382790X|5.0|A boy's space adventure with an all-star cast, this blockbuster hit trades heavily on nostalgia for the glory years of the American Space Program. Apollo 13 has all the advantages: top-notch special effects; attention to  every detail, from the epic outer space vistas to the minutiae of life on  board the crippled space vehicle. A cast that goes from really good to even  better. I recommend this movie to all people who have a good taste in  movies.
0783114222|5.0|I loved every minute of this video. it is really good on the dvd format- the sound is especially excellent. All of the 12 parts were very well done- I especially liked the Apollo 12 segment. The only disappointment was the  Apollo 13 segment. They never show anything inside the capsule- only a  story about reporters. Overall, it was still a great series that I will  watch again and again
630382790X|5.0|This movie is absolutely excellent. The actors are excellent (especially Ed Harris), the best music I've ever  heard, incredible special effects, and an absolutely great script. I recommend this movie to absolutely  everyone who has a good taste in movies.
6305538018|5.0|I have just seen this video and i thought it was spectacular. The people in the movie aren't trying to do The Matrix type stunts, because it is not The Matrix. The idea of the movie to me was that we can either live live,  or watch it. But either way you have to do something!
630382790X|5.0|A boy's space adventure with an all-star cast, this blockbuster hit trades heavily on nostalgia for the glory years of the American Space Program. Apollo 13 has all the advantages: top-notch special effects; attention to  every detail, from the epic outer space vistas to the minutiae of life on  board the crippled space vehicle. A cast that goes from really good to even  better. I recommend this movie to all people who have a good taste in  movies.
B000002I25|5.0|This has to be the best debut album out there.  Led Zeppelin's was good, not like this.  Aerosmith... mediocre.  Grateful Dead, not near this.  This is amazing work, not a one song is bad on this whole album.  Some songs  aren't as good as the others, but the fact is all these songs are very  listenable.  This is a must buy, along with the rest of The Doors catalog.   They are all very good recordings.
630382790X|5.0|A boy's space adventure with an all-star cast, this blockbuster hit trades heavily on nostalgia for the glory years of the American Space Program. Apollo 13 has all the advantages: top-notch special effects; attention to  every detail, from the epic outer space vistas to the minutiae of life on  board the crippled space vehicle. A cast that goes from really good to even  better. I recommend this movie to all people who have a good taste in  movies.
B000002UKS|5.0|Thats right, the best Cd I own. It's kinda' ironic how i ran across it. I had heard of them but never listened to them, so I said what the Hell and got it. It turned out to be a awesome Cd. Dave Grohl did a geat job on this  one. I think its beter than their new one, &quot;There's Nothing Left To  Lose&quot;. But don't get me wrong, their new is good to.<br />Top 5  Songs:<br />1. Monkey Wrench 2. My Poor Brain 3. Enough Space 4. Wind Up 5.  Hey.Johnny Park!
0788811355|3.0|I have avoided this movie because I'm a bit squeamish about burns and other gore. I finally decided that, since it was one of THE movies of the 90's, I should kick off 2000 by taking a look. I expected a lot more than I  got. I agree with some other reviewers that the chemistry between Fiennes  and Scott Thomas is lacking, and if you don't have that, there's not much  to the film. Their affair seems to come out of nowhere. She flirts with  him, he snubs her, they're caught in a sandstorm, and voila! Nothing in  their characters seemed to draw them together, and I never figured out what  their affair was based on. I didn't buy it. For a nearly three-hour movie,  the film is remarkably lacking in incident. I remember that there was some  carping when Juliette Binoche won the best supporting actress Oscar (I  believe the smart money was on Lauren Bacall that year), but to my mind she  was the best part of the film. She was radiant. I (and my eighteen-year-old  daughter, who watched the film with me) think her romance with Kip was the  most believable relationship in the movie. All in all: if you want a  gorgeous, albeit lengthy, travelogue, this might be for you. For drama and  romance, forget it.
079213690X|5.0|This movie is a magical journey of love, bravery and country.  Gibson is truely brilliant and I commend him for the research and love that went into making this epic film.  It will go down in history as a fine work of art.   I recommend to ANYONE to view this film and experience its power. I would  hardly call it overhyped as the writer below displays.  And Costner is  spelled with a C and his heart has never been in a film like this.
B00000JPH5|4.0|I have loved this movie for many years.  It is designed for children, but is a very sexy movie too.  David Bowie can't help that.  This is a must see for any David Bowie fan!
0380973464|5.0|This is an incredibly absorbing book in the tradition of Umberto Eco's &quot;Foucault's Pendulum,&quot; only better plotted and less dry than Eco's work. Stephenson must have a deep background with computers; it's  hard to imagine how he could write an such a convincing insider's view of  information systems and cryptanalysis otherwise. Even at 900+ pages, it's a  gripping read. Half the fun is just trying to figure out how the different  storylines relate to each other.<br />I do fault the book for an insufficient  climax. The ending is fun, but feels fairly tacked-on. As a friend of mine  put it, &quot;this book keeps a high level of tension all the way to the  end--and then it just ends!&quot; The plot never drops, but neither does it  pick up.<br />Fans of Stephenson's earlier works may find Cryptonomicon's  world less imaginative than the futuristic mileus of &quot;The Diamond  Age&quot; or &quot;Snow Crash,&quot; but such is the danger of writing  historical fiction. To his credit, Stephenson makes the 1940s just as  interesting as the 2140s. This is a must read.
0964385619|5.0|I have to say this is one of the best books I've read.  It's principles make so much sense.  One week after reading it I quit my job, now I'm preparing to live the life the Rich Dad recommends.  I never plan to work  for someone else again.  Not only is the advice invaluable, but it is such  an easy read too, I couldn't pu the book down!
B00000064F|5.0|Brayter Layter is to my opinion one of the best albums ever made. I discovered Nick Drake by coincidens only about a half year ago.At first I thought &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; was his best, but after listening more  carefully to &quot;Brayter Layter&quot; I changed my mind.My favourite  tracks are the beautiful songs &quot;Fly&quot; and &quot;Northern  Sky&quot;.
B00000K31V|4.0|First off, if you are not a Cronenberg fan, you probably won't like this movie at all.  However, if you are a true fan, you'll love it!  eXistenZ is the video game follow up to the video tv movie Videodrome.  It has a  similar theme and similar twists.  eXistenZ also has the organic gore all  Cronenberg fans have come to love...Lastly, both Jennifer Jason Leigh and  Jude Law provide excellent and typical Cronenberg acting.  Not recomended  for the squeamish.
0553212443|5.0|The book A Christmas Carol is a very good book.I think that Scoorge is a very gready man.There is three different spirits in this story:the ghost of christmas past,future,and yet to come.In this book Scrooge learns a  valuable lesson in life.
0684859106|5.0|This was the best cookbook in the store. i think that jennifer appel is a baking genius.i loved it so much i bought it as a gift for christmas for my girlfriend.she wants to marry me because i got it for her.thank you  jennifer appel.
B000021XS0|5.0|Got this CD (per my request, mind you), and it is awesome.  I won't say it's their best work; I think Awake is a more solid album (and it contains my favorite DT cut of all time: Voices), but it is a fine piece  of music overall.  Heck, even my WIFE likes it (she loves listening to the  players go nuts on the various instrumental parts), and she's not a real  big prog-metal fan.<br /><br />I will say this, the new keyboard player is  fantastic.  Good to know they're still maintaining their high  standards.<br /><br />Kudos to DT, may we see many more fine albums in the years  to come.!
0446525537|4.0|This story is easy reading.  Just enough to keep your interest.  A story of a teenage boy falling in love for the first time with the most unlikely person he had imagined.  A boy coming into his own as a man and learning  how to make life long decisions with the help of God.  Good story for  persons who have loved and lost that first love by some form or reason.
0064400557|4.0|This is a story about a little girl named Fern. She loved her little pig named Wilbur and his friend Charolette A. Cavatica who was a very pretty spider. With Charolette's help Wilber grew up to be quite a pig. Wilbur  would have died if she didn't help him. I think this book is a good book  that everyone needs to read. It is not a very educational book but, nice to  sit down and read.
630542828X|2.0|According to the reviews on Amazon I stood a good chance of buying a great movie from my favorite on-line movie store. But alas, this time I was disappointed by the yarn that was spun by Steve Zaillan et al. The movie  was simply too long for what it had to tell. Don't get me wrong: I like a  good long movie when there is a good build-up of suspense or maybe an  in-depth character study that really gets you into the movie. &quot;A civil  action&quot; had neither I'm afraid. Although I really like Robert Duvall a  lot, I have to say that the character he plays in this movie is just too  strange to be more than fleetingly interesting. The story winds down from a  good start to a very disappointing anti-climax. The people who are at the  heart of this story (the parents of the children that have died of various  polution-related diseases) are markedly absent and this alone renders the  movie inadequate and frankly, a waste of time.
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is by far Diana Krall's BEST album.  She is now inside this style of singing like never before.  The arrangements on the ballads are perfect and she draws you in with beautifully articulated words, dreamy vocal shadings,  and subtle invitations throughout. The album is classy and civilized.  Even  the CD jacket itself is unique, richly printed, and worth the price of  admission by itself much like The Soul Cages was for Sting. As a side bar,  I am a huge Nancy LaMott fan and her leaving this earth a few years ago  quite suddenly, left me stunned.  Though some wouldn't permit a comparison  between the two singers, I feel Diana Krall has continued where LaMott left  off in terms of my own collection and musical tastes..just at a time when  LaMott was getting more popular.  The gods have been good to us by sending  us Diana Krall for so many reasons.  This album is WONDERFUL!  It is  a work of art. Rather than going off in odd directions with projects that  don't make any sense, Krall has instead gone so deep into this genre of  music that  she has become it. &quot;When I look in your eyes&quot; is a  SMASH HIT!  Thank you Diana Krall and the producers and artists  who made this possible!  Thank you!
0964385619|5.0|This book teaches finance visually, and more importantly it explains WHY financial skills are important, and how they fit into life. <br />The author drives home each point by vividly illustrating it.  He helps to create a  picture in your mind that will help you retain this powerful  information.<br />Rich Dad, Poor Dad is a story that teaches for those of us  who were not blessed with two fathers and Robert's unique paradigm.
B000003C51|5.0|This is definitely my favorite Satch album. All the songs are good, but one of my all time favorites is Midnight. AWESOME!  The first time I heard it I was just totally blown away. I had no idea what he was doing!  Hill  of the Skull is also good. Echo is a great rockin' tune, along with  Circles. Satch Boogie is a high energy blues rock tune that gets me tappin'  my foot and nodding my head each time I hear it, especially during the  solos. All in all a great album. If you don't have it, BUY IT NOW!
0812589041|5.0|The novel is powerful and moving, but not perfect.  This is because it does not have half the impact of the original novella by the same name first published in Analogue.  The novella is perhaps the best piece of  fiction I have ever read, and I have read about two thousand science  fiction books. Also, if you like Orson Scott Card, you might try to find  something from Cordwainer Smith.
0385484518|5.0|I learned more about life through this book than about facing death.  Morrie left us with a present by letting us share in his thoughts of life and Mitch wrote it for us in a most eloquent manner.  Kudos to both!  I  encourage all to read it and take all it offers- and it does offer a great  deal.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Not since Queensryche's &quot;Operation:Mindcrime&quot; has there been a more powerful and beautiful political driven CD. Rage Against the Machine has really figured it out with the &quot;Battle of Los Angeles.&quot; This  is hands down the best album of 1999.<br />Tom Morello's guitar work is  nothing short of ingenious. Zach's lyrics AND voice are top notch. The song  writing on &quot;The Battle of Los Angeles&quot; is unparalleled. And the  fusion of Rock and Rap that has been created on this album is pure  harmony.<br />I can't wait for their next one.
B000003CM9|5.0|This recording is a big improvement over their debut as the Brothers explore a few more styles.  Revival has a nice gospel feel with a nice shuffling beat.  This version of Hoochie Coochie Man really cooks as the  drummers lay down a driving rhythm.  The vocals and guitar playing are  awesome on this song as well.  And How can you forget about the haunting  Midnight Rider and the multi-themed In Memory of Elizabeth Reed.  The only  significant problem is that the disc at 31 minutes is not long enough.  This is topquality stuff.
B00000JG41|5.0|This record will take the top of your haid clean off
1570427496|5.0|This book was absolutely amazing.  The last 10 pages make me cry every time I reread them.  It is definately a book for those hopeless romantics.  It definately makes you hope that there are guys like that out there.
B000006NPY|5.0|Simply amazing, lyrically stronger than any previous Pumpkins album. The music is also great. It has saved my life a hundred times over, it's about love and loss, and if you listen hard enough maybe a glimpse of hope.
6305627401|5.0|The guy who calls him William Shaw is obiously a very distasteful person... I still can't believe it that he used that &quot;Y-Word&quot; in his review... In the movie in turkish translation it would be not only  suitable but also perfect but in such an elegant review page it's  intolerable... Go to Canada William!
B00002EPMF|5.0|I have been loyal to Death since Scream Bloody Gore.  Chuck's brilliance and genius is as evident as ever w/ Control Denied.  The complexity and beauty of the 1st Track captures one's attention immediately. The melodic,  resonant vocals reminds me of Faites Warning.   I strongly recommend you  buy this masterpiece! LET THE METAL FLOW!
B00002DE0S|5.0|Chopin in his concerto is inspiring and passionate.  So much soul and life in this piece.  What more is there to say!
0812550757|4.0|This is an increible book! Like Ender's Game, it has every thing good sci-fi requires. A MUST READ FOR FANS OF ENDER'S GAME OR ANYBODY ELSE!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|An astonishing collaboration of alternative rock and jazz styling,  somehow crafted around rich hooks and chord changes. Aside from exhibiting a mastery of progressive music composition, Fiona yet remains honest to her  true passion, revealing the dense turmoil of her spirit  and complexity of  encounters with love. One for the ages.
044100590X|5.0|THE BEST SCIENCE FICTION NOVEL EVER WRITTEN!  This book is a masterpiece. It has every thing you could possibly ask for from a sci-fi book. There is a war, magic, alien races, new, interesting planets, strange  weapobns, and, best of all GREAT CHARACTERS! However, the book can be  really confusing if you don't know the basic plotline. I won't spoil it for  those that want to read the book not knowing what's going to happen, but it  really is easier to read when you know what the main events are. The only  other science fiction book that even comes close to comparing with DUNE is  ENDER'S GAME. I deffinetely suggest reading both!
B000002BUY|5.0|S.C.I.E.N.C.E in particular probably has the most influence from modern rock of any of Incubus album, but make no mistake, they are NOT another Korn, Limp Bizkit, etc,. kind of band.  If I had to compare Incubus to any  band it would be Primus.  Most people probably won't understand this, but  Incubus is on the same level with actual talent and knowledge in music.   While Primus is on a different tangent, they are both heavily influenced by  crossing over imporvisational jazz and funk with a modern heavy rock sound.   Incubus takes this to a much heavier, new level, with amazingly clear  powerful vocals and intelligent lyrics.  A true suprise to hear their sound  after hearing all the stereotypical mindless reviews from people who also  claim Limp Bizkit possess the same caliber talent.  Incubus incorporates a  strongly funk influenced bass player to lay down a solid groove, with a  strong guitar melody (with some amazing jazz soloing on &quot;Deep Inside),  with a truly amazing drummer on the same level as Danny carey, who's lines  are almost reminiscint of jungle at times (in how complex they become),  then throw in a DJ to provide crazy sound textures and sometimes a bit of  humor, and finally, intelligent lyrics that keep you thinking while  listening to a powerful clear obviously talented voice. Incubus is no joke,  and they are definitely not a stereotype of a band.  Sure, ya might like  'em simply because they're heavy, but I definitely wouldn't say that's what  they're all about.  <br />Summed up shortly, if you're a musician, and listen  to heavy rock, you MUST hear incubus. (Especially drummers! )
6302150930|2.0|I read and liked the novel, but the movie was so slow. I'm amazed it got the attention it did. Kinski is beautiful in it (and she still is. I just saw her today in person, filming a movie in Newport Beach. And she is a  beauty), but the pace of this movie is slug-like. Read the novel instead.
0783235666|3.0|I recently viewed this movie for about the third time, and I was amazed at just how great some of the special effects were considering it was filmed in 1963. Suzanne Pleshette as Annie and Ethel Griffies as the wise old hag near the end give the best performances. Jessica Tandy was a usually terrific performer, but some of her scenes here are simply laughable and the cool Tippi acts like a Dresden doll. The film is an original to be sure &amp; certainly has redeeming qualities in the special effects department; I just think the lead performances are just a tad wooden.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is the best movie I have ever seen.  It is a blast of martial art fun, and yet great superhuman moves.  Neo is just another guy, when someone contacts him offering an answer to the question, 'What is the  Matrix?'.  You go through a thrilling ride as Neo's questions are answered  and he realizes that he needs to save a world which is unknowingly  controlled by AI (Artificial Intellegence).  This is a must-see movie and I  highly recommend you get the soundtrack!
630417893X|5.0|A colourful production of Lerner and Loewe's  musical version of &quot;Pygmalion&quot; about an ill-mannered cockney girl who is plucked from her job as a flower girl by Professor Henry Higgins; he makes a bet  with a colleague that he can turn this rough diamond into a  &quot;lady&quot; . Winner of 8 AA; Hepburn's singing was dubbed by the  prolific Marnie Nixon (she was responsible for singing in &quot;West Side  Story&quot; and &quot;The King and I&quot;. Harrison is perfect as the  crusty, eccentric Higgins. I have often wondered how Julie Andrews would be  in comparison (she, of course, played Eliza on Broadway. A timeless  classic.
B000002C1X|5.0|out of all the pink floyd albums ever made,this has to be by far the best concept albums done.it really does tell the story of a mans insanity if you follow the recording.to me this is the best work they ever did as a  band.dark side of the moon has to be second best.
B000009QPO|4.0|The Jayhawks are an excellent band, but Hollywood Town Hall only hints at the quality of the later classics.  That said, there's much to love.<br />Two Angels (reworked from the ragged Blue Earth LP) and Crowded In The Wings  are delightful ballads and Nevada, California is up there with the band's  best.<br />A must for lovers of this whole 'new country' thing...
B000002KL3|5.0|this is probably their best album.little do people know,it only took the band seven weeks to record.not bad for a little over a month.the other albums they have come out with before the departure of david lee roth are  good,but this is by far the heavyest.
B000002LR3|5.0|The album flows like butter on a steaming hot ear of corn. The music will entrance and engulf your mind and direct it to a beautiful world that belongs only to yourself.
0684872153|5.0|Angela's Ashes, Frank's McCourt's New York Times Best Selling Memoir, centers on the cold, hard life of a poor Irish Catholic family. Frank McCourt, the oldest child, tells the story of his family in Ireland and  their unfortunate poverty and depression. The father is a mean,  cold-hearted man who constantly spends his and his children's money on  liquor for himself. The mother, Angela, is without a doubt the backbone of  the family; she makes sure they eat and worries about the rent and the  well-being of her children. Throughout the story Angela teaches her  children the importance of pride and dignity. The ill-starred family is  continually struck with the death of very young family members. Even though  several children die from starvation and cold  before the age of five,  McCourt manages to portray these tragedies and shows the family's  ability  to move on with life.  Although the memoir, in general, is an incredibly  sad one, the humor of McCourt's style makes the book bearable. Because  McCourt's writing style is so descriptive, the reader is able to feel the  families sorrow and unhappiness, and we see the world in which they live.  Unfortunately, Angela's Ashes did not shine through in the recent holiday  film released by Paramount. The film showed the importance of McCourt's  humor by not incorporating it into the adaptation. Without this humor, the  film was dark, sad, ugly and unbearable. The book on the other hand, may be  sad, but is at the same time uplifting.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I think people who enjoy listening to Limp Bizkit must have been dropped at birth. How can someone say they have a message in their lyrics ' I did it all for the nookie'?, come on! The only thing this band has going for  them is they look like they have a pretty talented drummer ( even though he  looks a bit like a monkey ).
B000023VTQ|5.0|Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant are excellent in this lean, fast-moving story of two unlikely lovers, a British, in-a-rut bookstore owner and a glamorous American movie star who meet by accident and, against all odds, end up  falling in love.  Grant is superb as a perennial loser in the game of love,  and Roberts as what she is, a beautiful movie star with whom most of the  men on our planet are in love. The supporting cast of slightly daffy London  characters adds immensely to the film's enjoyment.<br />If you enjoy watching  movies where you genuinely like all the characters, Notting Hill is the one  for you.  My wife and I watch it at least once a week.  It's funny and  endearing and will leave you with a happy feeling.
B000021XR5|5.0|There's so much disposable music in pop culture right now i have to say that it's refreshing that No.4 can provide that edge from the early 90s and somehow update it for their very unique grunge-glam hybrid direction now,  and make it work.  this album contours the previous three seamlessly.  in  No.4, STP seem to pay tribute to the brillance of their entire body of work  while somehow never stepping on their own feet.<br />scott weiland's lyrics  are beautiful and cryptic, as usual.  he sounds refreshed and inspired, and  the music is heartfelt.<br />but i digress.  it seems like everyone cool is  dead, don't you think?   the true miracle of this record is not that its a  great record.  that goes without saying. truly, the miracle is that this  album was ever made at all...  <br />...and to that i give FIVE SHINY STARS.   no question about it.
0684859106|5.0|this review is actually from my wife! I am a big fan of the delicious cupcakes and other goodies at the Magnolia Bakery and was pleased to find out that they opened a similar store near my work (Bttercup Bakery)  Unfortunately we moved uptown and it was very difficult for me to have my  cupcakes on the weekends. Then I happen to find this book and immedialy  purchased it hoping to recreate some of the magic from the bakery but lo  and behold I am a terrible cook - so I did the next best thing and gave  this book as a holiday present to my wife and earmarked the pages where I  wanted her to concentrate on. The book must be geat because the output of  my wife's work was just as good as the real thing and now I am happy on the  weekdends. It is the first gift that I have given that I can reap the  rewards over and over again!  My wife enjoys using the recipes and I  enjoy eating the results..............The only problem for the authors is  that I do not visit the bakeries as much as we can replicate my favorites  at home
B0000296SI|3.0|The cd is good, but some of the songs, (such as Whats my age again, all the small things) kind of sound like they have sold out. If you want a good Blink182 cd I highly suggest Dude Ranch.
0684833395|5.0|I've tried to get through this book before, but was never successful.  Another \\"war\\" story, complete with machismo and death and fight scenes.  Having finished the book, I now know that it is a \\"war\\" story , complete  with the pain, the camaraderie, and the illogic of warfare.  \\"Catch-22\\" is  not meant as an accurate portrayal of WWII, but instead as an farce; a  parody in which it is petty local politics and self aggrandizement motivate  the fighting, and the higher ups are more ashamed of \\"black eyes\\" than  casualties. Hmmmm, maybe it is more true to life then I thought...<br />With the  abandonment of logic comes a high degree of frustration.  I was so  frustrated with this book that I stopped reading at several points.  Many  of the situations are so ludicrous that you cry out in anguish. But that  was Heller's intention - he wanted me to feel just a hint of the  frustration the main character, Yosarian, felt as he tries to get  discharged from an Army that is as much Orwell as it is Eisenhower.  So I  embraced my frustration, and laughed out loud at the ridiculousness of it  all.<br />Joseph Heller died while I was still only half way through the book.   In a way, it was fitting - he seemed to me just another character, falling  prey to the war predetor.  But Heller lives on in this story.
B00000ILBK|4.0|OK, lets face it.  We want to love Star Trek movies because we feel so apart of the series.  And for the most part, the movies just don't hit their mark.  As a movie, this one probably ranks fourth in the series  behind, Kahn, IV, and First Contact.  But it's certainly not a bad film,  which can't be said for about half of the Star Trek movies.  However, if  you have a sub woofer, surround sound speakers and are buying this for your  5.1 DVD...  Pull out your wallet and get it.  Star Trek is perfect for DVD.   The Laser Fights, the Space Battles, the hiding in caves during an alien  bombing give ample opportunity to be pounded into your chairs.  In DVD no  one can hear you scream, simply because the movie is so darn loud.  I LOVE  IT. So if you're a Star Trek fan or just someone who enjoys your home  theater.  Pull out your wallet and have a great time. However, if you don't  have 5.1 DVD with all the trimmings,  buy the wrath of Kahn, or simply go  buy a better movie.
B00000J7J4|5.0|That's my review. I can't think of an album (ok, I'm old) that has had me listening to it again and again, since Born To Run. Carlos is in great form; the songs go from good to great as far as melody, but even the good  songs start to soar when he wields his mighty guitar. Seldom have I heard a  guitarist lift a song to the heights he does.<br />Conceptually, this album  reminds me of the Muddy Waters sessions with Eric, Mick and the boys; and  of the couple of John Lee Hooker's albums from back in the 70s when he was  helped out by Steve Miller and Canned Heat. The difference being that while  those youngsters paid homage to there elder's styles, Carlos seems to have  smoothly and exquisitely blended other major new artists style's (even  allowing them to write many of the tunes) with his own unique sound.  <br />What amazes me is that this is a totally commercial album, with major  singles that cross numerous musical genres, yet it sounds so splendid track  after track; never breaking down or getting static. There you go.
1559408898|5.0|Having seen it during its theatrical run in 1986 in the (R)-rated version, I was amazed by Paul Verhoeven's darkly comic and ultra-violent vision of the future.  The unrated version on the Criterion DVD is even better.  The  transfer to DVD is fantastic.  The sound and image quality are perfect.
B000005ILF|2.0|Now Sting is one of my favorite singers and I've worn most of his CD's and tapes out. But this piece of mess was so bad, I've only listened to it twice. I've given it 2 stars because I like &quot;Brought to my  Senses&quot; and &quot;When We Dance&quot; (which sounds a LOT like  &quot;They Dance Alone/Ceuca Solo&quot;). Otherwise, the rest of the songs  are completely unmemorable. Really, I can't remember any other songs on the  CD. I've half a mind to use the CD as a coaster.
B000023VR6|5.0|What else could dre do after creating real hip hop with NWA and then defining the genre with the classic Chronic album and then producing the greatest album ever snoop's Doggystyle. Dre has managed to blow up yet  again, after fall of west people were saying dre's gone, know one was truly  representing the west even Snoop was making bad albums. Dre releases a  album which not only shows the west coast still produce the dopest hip hop  but he is and always will be the greatest producer.
B000031WD8|5.0|I think that &quot;American Pie&quot; was the best movie I've ever seen!  There is a little something in it for everyone.  Guys will like the bathroom humor, girls will like the romance, and everyone else will love  the awesome comedy!  I watched it everyday for the first week after I got  it, and I bet you will too!  This is a great movie that you must add to  your collection!
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am a huge Metallica fan, and I love all their songs.  When they made the CD, I thought it might be pretty dumb, but once I got it, I have to say that most of the songs that they did are a lot better than before.  The  symphony adds a bit of class to the classic hard rock songs that were  already great.  To be able to mix songs like Fuel and Enter Sandman with  symphony so smoothly and expertly was great.  I think that if you like  Metallica, rock, or classical, you should buy this CD.
B000021XS0|5.0|I do not consider this album's storyline to be similar to that of &quot;Operation: Mindcrime,&quot; as so many seem to think.  &quot;Scenes&quot; is reminiscient of Italian opera...loaded with heavy  dramatic themes that are best related on a personal level.  &quot;Mindcrime&quot; is told on a personal level, but the political,  economic and religious issues speak to a much larger audience.  In my  opinion, both albums are indescribably superb...clearly two of the best  hard rock albums ever cut.  If you like one, you'll probably like the  other.  Now, if only Alex Proyas would direct a film version of  &quot;Mindcrime&quot; we'd be in business.  Maybe Atom Egoyan could shoot  the film version of &quot;Scenes.&quot;  Alas, I digress.  Time to listen  to &quot;Home&quot; again...for the millionth time.
B00000I9MK|5.0|These songs come on so softly, so melancholy at first that you will miss the cruel sarcasm and tossed off jokes contained in the lyrics.  Comparisons to The Smiths make sense, but Belle and Sebastian make no  effort to sound so earnest.  The lyrics contain the kind of complexity of  personality hidden deep within all persons-  sometimes sensitive as in We  Rule The School: &quot;Do something pretty while you can...skating a  pirouette on ice is cool,&quot; and sometimes biting as in The State I Am  In: &quot;I was moved to kick the crutches from my crippled friend.&quot;   All of these songs are delivered in the kind of warm, soft, honey-laced and  plaintive voice that causes this listener to repeatedly ask the question,  &quot;what does it all mean?&quot; Could there be any greater question?   This is a CD that will keep your soul simultaneously soothed and searching.   Enjoy.
B000002JSP|4.0|Yes, this album was very un- Zeppelin as compared to most of what came before it.  There are two simple reasons for this.  First off, the rest of the band was so doped up on heroin and everything that John Paul Jones was  the only one coherent enough to keep it together.  No wonder it took three  years after Presence to release another. The second is that this was an  album that reflected the punk and synthesizer-based musical influences that  were effecting all music and leading us into the eighties and the end of  the classic rock sound.   Even Jimmy Page says in the Boxed Set that  &quot;It wasn't the most comfortable album.  I think it was very  transitional... a springboard for what could have been.&quot;   Most of the  songs are polished, yes, but it's inevitable.  It happened to the Who and  countless other bands as an inevitable result of greater abilities to  process the music and larger amounts of money to spend.   It's a good  album, but it isn't classic Zep.  It's still LED ZEPPELIN though, for God's  sake! :)
0393307050|5.0|This is an awesome series (20 Volumes). I read them all and came back here to tell anyone who reads this to jump right in. Obrian is a fabulous writer. I am moving on to Cornwall (Sharps series - also a Napoleanic Era  book - but on land)
B00002MZ4V|5.0|They define a generation of films. Once you hear them, you recognize them immediately. And now, finally, they can all be found together and performed the way they should be. These, of course, are the infamous recordings written by, originally conducted by, and re-conducted by John Williams for this 2-CD set.<br />Included in this fantastic set are the themes from Star Wars, Superman, Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Saving Private Ryan, Jurassic Park, Schindler's List, and many, many others.<br />I recently purchased another John Williams 2-CD set. Although not re-conducted by Williams, the sound was great. However, words can't describe how much better the sound quality is on the John Williams' conducted CDs. You only have to crank up the volume, and you're taken back to those great movies from the 70s and 80s. This set is a DEFINITE MUST-HAVE for not only the movie soundtrack enthusiast, but movie-lovers in general.
B000002IZ4|5.0|&quot;purple&quot; has to be one of the best rock 'n roll album of the nineties...the two guys that gave it one star obviously have no taste in music or probably spend their whole day in a bubble bath listening to kenny  g.  whether you wanna label it grunge, metal, rock 'n roll, it doesn't  matter....STP RULES! <br />p.s. and the guy who said that evolution has been  proven true, which college did he flunk out of?
B000035P80|5.0|&quot;Don't Look Back&quot; is possibly the greatest piece of film--ever. Well maybe not, but its pretty awesome. There are some great candid moments of Dylan just being himself, and also some amazing performances.  Everybody's singing in this one. Dylan,Donovan,Baez...its great. Baez sings  &quot;Percy's song&quot;while in a hotel room, and its super. Another great  moment, is Dylan singing &quot;It's all Over Now Baby Blue&quot; after the  &quot;thrown-glass incident&quot; in the hotel room. A must see for all  fans of Dylan, and music in general.
068484267X|5.0|I never gave a review before, so this must mean it's a great book.  I enjoyed it.  I couldn't put the book down.  It felt like I was listening to someone telling a story about their family. EXCELLENT!
B000007WJ5|5.0|entertaining, funny, emmotional, cynical, are all words that sum up this albumn perfectly. i don't know anyone today that writes better than belle and sebastian; both their catchy, beautiful melodies, and their dry lyrics.  this albumn sums up belle and sebastian's, and indeed sums up what good  music should sound like.<br />i can highly recommend any of their albumns, if  only just to see what they have to say.
6305657947|5.0|This loose remake of The Thomas Crown Affair is highly entertaining and has no dull moments. I enjoy a good &quot;robbery flick&quot; and this one is definately in my top 10.<br />Unfortunately, the director's audio  commentary track on the DVD is disappointing. There are long periods of  silence, few interesting facts, and director John McTiernan concentrates  too much on descriptions of only the dolly work in many scenes.
1891252089|3.0|I was a bit dissapointed with this book after all the good reviews it got. I didn't think it was nearly as good as Beryl Bender Birch's book.<br />It does have photos of all the asanas, including several variations for less  flexible people. However so does BBB's book, so in this respect they come  out equal.<br />It has good binding and a hard cover, which is a plus ( which  you pay for )<br />But it has hardly any words in the book.  What you can't  pick up from the photos he often doesn't explain.  Most inhales / exhales  only have a half line of text, which leaves a lot of details out!<br />Lots of  short inspirational quotes, which I liked. But I did find BBB's  illustrative stories more inspirational.  ( Althought these quotes are the  kind of thing you can apply during practice, and are good. )<br />This book  would be useful to anybody reading this post who has been to classes and  knows (vaguely) what they're doing.  But I don't think a total beginer  would get a good idea just from the book. I think BBB's book is much better  for beginers, and much more informative in general.<br />( 'Power Yoga' by BBB  is the exact same yoga system as 'Astanga yoga' described in this book.)
0684803356|4.0|In the most obvious sense, this book did a fine job of outlining a historical situation that, until I read this, was unknown to me.  On a broader level, it was a compelling characterization of both the horrors and  romance of war.  It also blatantly reveals the heavy toll that  responsibility and power have on an individual.  This is a classic because  Hemingway was able to enthrall the reader with intense detail.
B000000W5B|3.0|Like a lot of diehard Stones fans, i can recall the great dissapointment i felt when I first owned this record. After the period culminating in Exile on Main Street, it seemed like such a let down.However I must admit that  time has worked a miracle of some sort- this record has improved with  age.It has a downbeat and jaded quality that seems right for the time, now-  but then I probably mistook it for boredom. Songs like Coming Down Again,  100 Years Ago and Winter stand up well, and Can You Hear the Music does  too. Their strength is the more complex arrangements and song structures  they display.Overall the record doesnt have the consistently bluesy  approach the Stones had employed previously, which also probably  contributed to a sense of loss at the time. But now I see it gains from  some of the more interesting music they adopted.Some songs work some dont.  Silver Train is a good uptempo number, although a little lazy. Heartbreaker  has the brassy sound reminiscent perhaps of Sticky Fingers, though not as  dense and tough.Its a good song though. On the down side Angie has never  worked for me, and Hide Your Love is almost emabarrasing. In general I  would say, dont dismiss this record totally. Its not their best at all, but  its not a complete disaster and does show the Stones of the early '70's as  still  a considerable music force.
B00000JZIQ|5.0|Having seen this movie in a theatre when it first came out, I had my doubts about a re-make. However, with an open mind I viewed the new edition. This convinced me that the original was impossible to duplicate  with Pierce Brosnan and Sharon Stone. Realizing I had to have the original  for my library. Thank you for making it available. The chemistry between  McQueen &amp; Dunaway cannot be matched by any other actors in this  fascinating  story line.
0679746048|3.0|this book is a terrific explanation of what happens inside a mental institution in the late 60's and it is thoughtful of its treatment of what is the definition of insanity.  However, I wish the author had revealed a little more about her personal life e.g. why did she try to kill herself  and what was her homelife like?  If you are going to tell your own story I  think you owe the reader all the facts that are necessary to get your point  across. Otherwise, it was an enjoyable book.
B00000JZIQ|5.0|Having seen this movie in a theatre when it first came out, I had my doubts about a re-make. However, with an open mind I viewed the new edition. This convinced me that the original was impossible to duplicate  with Pierce Brosnan and Sharon Stone. Realizing I had to have the original  for my library. Thank you for making it available. The chemistry between  McQueen &amp; Dunaway cannot be matched by any other actors in this  fascinating  story line.
B00003000M|5.0|Let me start off by saying that I am a lover of both old school music like Marley and new school music like the artists that team up with him on this album. This is by far the best blend of Reggae and Hip-Hop/Rap that I have  ever heard. I didn't expect much when I bought the CD, but after listening  to it for the first time I am hooked. Lauryn Hill, Guru, the Roots, Rakim  and even Steven Tyler(an artist I normally can't stand to hear) are all  awsome on the album. Not to mention the world-wide classic  &quot;Jammin'&quot; with MC Lyte. If you are an old school or new school  hip-hopper this CD is a must, and there is no doubt about that, trust me.
B000003CMC|5.0|<br />While some reviewers would suggest this recording is &quot;uneven&quot; I would point out that completing this album was an incredible effort and that the results are amazing.  The ABB was clearly Duane's band and to lose  him during the recording sessions was a monumental blow.  Rather than  crumble, Dickie Betts and Gregg Allman stepped forward and shouldered the  band. The result is a classic rock album that no other band could have  produced. <br />The great song &quot;Blue Sky&quot; shows the country/rock  direction of Betts's future writing, while Gregg's &quot;Melissa&quot; is a  vocal painting with a troubling lyric ending.<br /><br />While Live at the  Fillmore East is the best ABB album, this is where one should begin  listening to the guitar work of Duane Allman and Dickie Betts.  The classic  &quot;One Way Out&quot; (Sonny Boy Williamson) will allow one to learn the  differences in the two guitars.  Duane's is a smoother, rounder tone while  Dickie's has a sharper, hotter sound. <br />An interesting thing about this  recording is that it contains &quot;Little Martha&quot; which is the only  song the ABB recorded which Duane wrote.  This is a short, beautiful duet  between an acoustic guitar and a dobro.  The story is that Duane dreamed  Jimi Hendrix taught it to him on a water pipe.  When he awoke he  immediately bean working on the song. <br />Also, don't miss the instrumental   &quot;Les Brers in A Minor,&quot; &quot;Trouble No More&quot; and Gregg's  &quot;Ain't Wastin' Time No More.&quot; <br />&quot;Mountain Jam&quot; was two  sides long on vinyl and you either love it or hate it, no in-between, but  the remainder of the album alone is well worth the investment.  No true  rock music collection is complete without this album.
0783221487|4.0|When I saw this film the first time, I really liked it. I was interested in the topic, so I read the book a few years later. I still think that the film is great, but after you have read the book everything is easier to  understand. Besides there are a few things different in the film. Finally  Dune is a fascinating film and I would have given it 5 stars, if I hadn't  read the book.
0805054375|5.0|Anarchy in satirical form...brilliant writing, brilliant use of language. I've read it twice and I don't need a bookmark, simply because I can't put it down. Quick reading for the quick reader. Oh, and if you've got the time  afterwards...check out the movie...directed by David Fincher, c'mon, how  bad can that be?
0393317552|5.0|Here's one of the reasons I love this book so much: one4time from Asheville, North Carolina confronts the first and only solid refutation of racism as implied by history, and finds it incompatible with his own racist  convictions.<br />*(of course, just as a side note, his specific arguments  hold no weight when you add the factor of time. It is based on the fact  that whites today are generally more successful than other races. however,  it wouldn't hold up to the test of time: 1,000 years ago, the opposite  would be true. he would be asking: &quot;if whites are not biologically  inferior to Muslims and Africans, then how come middle eastern and  North  African Civilizations are superior to white ones? Even Muslims living in  Spain, a European country, have a higher standard of living and greater  cities than Christians living in Spain&quot;. Who knows how his argument  will hold up 1,000 years from now)<br />I'm sorry to have to be so frank, but  unfortunately today, too many people in all societies of the world study  only the history of the past 500 years from Western textbooks, where the  rise of White Civilization (put into euphemisms such as  &quot;European&quot; or &quot;Western&quot;) came to dominate and humiliate  all other world civilizations through superior-well, everything, especially  after 1800. Once again, sorry to be so blunt. Rather than be put into the  context of 40,000 years of human history and 10,000 years of human  civilization, schools around the United States teach the past 500 years  (the exact period of time that 'the West' was on the rise) as the entire  bulk of modern world history.  <br />Not surprisingly, any serious student of  history today would be led to suspect at first (with the exception of  Japan), that all nonwhite peoples were somehow inferior, especially African  &amp; Native American peoples but not excluding all other nonwhites. Any  semiserious student of politics AND history would ponder, given all the  anti-racist rhetoric in society today, why white civilization suddenly came  to dominate all the other ones and why white scientists seemed to come up  with all the inventions, from Pythagoreas to Einstein. <br />This book goes a  great deal at providing a much-needed explanation for people whose only  other alternative would be private racism, a conviction that nonwhite  civilizations failed because the people who composed these places were  biologically inferior. <br />It is not surprising that many people reject  Jared Diamond viciously, because his book is revolutionary.
B000005JA8|5.0|Of course Don Van Vliet didn't sit down at a piano and write all 28 of these songs at once (or 27, if you stingily discount \\"Hair Pie: Bake 2\\"), but that isn't to say the accrued mythopoeia of this mysterious record isn't fitting.  The first untrammeled Beefheart music inheres as transmuted gestural painting concepts.  With no recognizable meter as a frame, individual musical lines adopt an aggressive conversational cadence (using two slide guitars gives them a vocal aspect that mirrors Van Vliet's own), while Van Vliet expostulates on top. As with any album this lengthy (and with the oeuvre of any mortal), not all of this is equally fine, but the bits that sound suspiciously like poetry plus atonal vamp work well enough when the poetry's working which is usually. And tucked away halfway through is what may be his (and/or John French or Bill Harkleroad's) masterpiece: the beautifully angular and spooky solo guitar miniature, \\"Dali's Car.\\"
B000023VR6|5.0|I think this c.d. is definitely worth your money.  both songs with Eminem kickass.  the only bad thing is theres 4 or 5 skits and they get old after a while.
6305622957|5.0|The factual accounts of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor as seen from the perspectives of the opposing sides of the conflict is what makes this movie appealing.<br />The meticulous planning, the secrecy surrounding the  Japanese fleet as it stealthily steam towards its target and the actual  execution of the attack are very realistic, not to mention the sound  effects that make the viewer feel as if he is right there in the midst of  actual combat.<br />This is World War II history in the Pacific in a capsule.
B000002KY8|5.0|This album grows with every listen...Prince played all the instruments on this album except for guitar on Little Red Corvette, and wrote, arranged and produced it as well...Most people know the aforementioned Little Red  Corvette, 1999, and Delirious, but they do not I REPEAT, do not compare to  tracks like D.M.S.R., Lady Cab Driver, Free, International Lover, and my  personal favorite...Something in the Water (Does Not Compute)...The vocals  on Something...are exquisite...the screams send chills up and down your  spine...The Bass playing is tremendous on Lady Cab Driver and the Chicken  Grease guitar riffs on D.M.S.R. gives u the funk face....This album proves  that Prince was the greatest musician by far to come out of the 80's...A  very enjoyable listen for anyone who likes great music.
B00000GANR|4.0|This special edition is a worthwhile purchase for true Queen fans. The cd and some other funny things are carefully packaged in a very nice fold-out cardboard cover. It also features the famous &quot;nudists race&quot; poster, a lyrics sheet with all the lyrics in English and Japanese, a  miniature lp wrap and an additional track list. I think &quot;Jazz&quot; is  one of Queen's best albums because it shows the entire range of this band.  It's a very diverse record and captures both the operatic and rocky side of  Queen. Best songs here are &quot;Fat bottomed girls&quot;, &quot;Bicycle  race&quot; and the hard rocking &quot;If you can't..&quot;. The funky  rhythm of &quot;Fun it&quot; obviously is a blueprint for &quot;Another one  bites the dust&quot;. In my opinion &quot;Jazz&quot; was Queen's last great  album. Their '80s-work doesn't appeal to me because it's lightweight and  commercially oriented, while their '90s-work is over-pretentious.
B000002L7R|5.0|I like this ablum because Prince set out to seperate himself from Purple Rain...The music is imaginative and very experimental...but the funk jams Pop Life and America are phenomenal...Raspberry Beret is the best known  track which was coupled as a single with the killer b-side She's Always In  My Hair which is included on the Hits the B-sides.  Condition of the Heart  proves how well Prince can play a piano...a moving heartfelt ballad...If u  are expecting Purple Rain, buy it or listen to it...If u are expecting an  imaginative album buy this....Very enjoyable in its own right.
6303168507|5.0|I have seen this movie three times and each time it never fails to make me cry. The music alone speaks volumes of the suffering of the Holocaust. Having watched old black and white newsreel film covering World War II showing planes, tanks, men, bombing, etc...makes this movie being filmed in  black and white even more powerful to me because it makes me feel as though  I am seeing old new reel footage of the horrors of the Holocaust that Elie  Wiesel writes about in his book &quot;Night.&quot;  While no film maker can possibly capture the entirety of the Holocaust on film, Steven Speilberg does an excellent job of showing just how cheap life was to some Nazis aka. Ralph Fiennes's character. Seeing Schindler's List put a name, a face, and a voice behind all of those pictures I have seen of Jews with Nazi guns behind their heads waiting to be executed but forced to pose for one last humiliating picture before leaving this world.
B000002L68|5.0|Another masterpiece by Prince....Darling Nikki, When Dove's Cry and the Beautiful One's are my personal favorites mostly because they are expertly arranged and performed, and also because he played all of the instruments  on these three songs...The rest of the album is outstanding as well...The  guitar riffs, the rhythms and melodies are incredible....This album made  Prince a superstar and seperated him musically from Michael J. and Madonna,  and put him in the class with Sly, Stevie Wonder, Marvin Gaye, The Beatles,  James Brown etc.
B0000048V8|5.0|Simply put, this film is magical.  The gentle colors of the characters, the moving musical accompaniment and the everlasting message of friendship, trust and love make THE SNOWMAN a true classic for children young and old.   <br />Sixteen years ago I showed this film to my Kindergarten students and  this past Christmas happened upon one of them who told me they still love  to watch it every year.  It holds one of the purest messages of love that  I've ever seen portrayed in this animated format.
B000002L9B|5.0|What can I say about this album other than its phenomenal.  I've read a few reviews that said the album was a few hits with filler, however that's not true.  This album contains some of the most imaginative, inventive, and  conceptual music ever written and recorded by a musical genius at his peak.   This album proved that Prince was much more than Purple Rain, and that he  could write and arrange complex melodies with the incorporations of an  orchestra expertly conducted by Claire Fischer.  The Revolution is in top  form here as well...Look 4 instrumental contributions by Sheila E. and  Jonathan Melvoin.  This album preceeded the eclectic masterpiece Sign  &quot;O&quot; The Times, and in my opinion is almost as enjoyable a listen.   Every song is outstanding, but my favorites are Sometimes it Snows in  April, Anotherloverholenyohead, Kiss, Venus De Milo, Do U Lie?, Under the  Cherry Moon, and Christopher Tracy's Parade...Ok I love the entire  album....If u want an imaginative, intelligent, fulfilling listen, buy this  album.  But if u enjoy more brain dead pop, don't....This album stands the  test of time.
B000002C1X|5.0|this is something everyone should listen to. the floyd did a great job on it. most of the songs are classics such as brick 1 and 2,comfortably numb,hey you, in the flesh? and so on. defently the best album in the  world!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is absolutely fabulous! At first, I was wondering if I should buy it, because although I liked &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, I found it to be a bit cheesy. Well, I bought it anyway, and found out that it was a  beautifully sincere song, like &quot;TrulyMadlyDeeply&quot;. All of the  songs sound as though a lot of hard work and thought went into it, and you  can really feel the emotion in them. This album isn't as edgy as  &quot;Savage Garden&quot;, but it certainly has its moments.
B00000ADG2|2.0|I really don't understand all of the publicity with lauryn hill.  I bought her cd last year and loved the usual songs played on the radio but now it is one of the cds sitting on the lower level of my cd rack.  SOme songs  were real boring.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love this CD! I find songs like &quot;Dumpweed&quot;, &quot;What's My Age Again?&quot;, &quot;All The Small Things&quot;, &quot;The Party Song&quot; and that one little &quot;Gary&quot; song (don't really know  it's full title!) very funny! The whole CD is great rock music. I highly  recomend this CD. My two favorite songs are &quot;What's My Age  Again?&quot; and &quot;All The Small Things&quot;. The videos to those two  songs are great too... Yeah baby!
0156907399|5.0|An excellent read about a family who is completely dependant on their mother.  However, as time goes on so does life, even without Mrs. ramsey.  The book is a great read for intellectuals and those who enjoy art.
B0000042H4|5.0|I disagree that you won't find a better cost than this.  The Internet CD service that I use (I won't use Amazon's boards to promote another service) is substantially less (over 15%).
B000002BFZ|5.0|Quite possibly one of the most underrated albums of the 1990's, definately the most underrated Pearl Jam album, NO CODE offers us a more personal side to the band. <br />NO CODE is comprised of a pretty even combinations of  classic PJ mellow tunes (Sometimes, Who You Are, Off He Goes), a few punked  out classics (Hail Hail, Habit, Lukin), and a couple of less &quot;radio  friendly&quot; numbers (I'm Open).<br />This is the best example of Pearl Jam  exposing all their strengths, they can rock, punk, or mellow out w/ the  best of them.
B000031WD9|5.0|I am not the type who generally likes this type of movie and consider myself too old ( 28) to watch movies about high school. But American Pie was hysterical. I watched it several times, in a row. I laughed so hard my  stomach ached. You won't be disappointed!
0780626494|5.0|Most movies of this genre are not supposed to be taken really seriously.  They are there to make you realize that your loved one is really special.  They are also there to make you realize what we have taken for-granted.   Brendan Fraser's innocence to real life in this movie will make you think  twice when you pass by the awe-inspiring ocean or look up into the  marshmallow-filled azure sky.  So don't gripe when a movie doesn't have too  much chemistry between characters!  YOU do the character developing in  life--just use these movies as a reference!  By the way, the whole  swing-dancing scene is just totally awesome (even though I'm sure it's not  Fraser that's really dancing).  This movie gives you reason to cuddle up  with your girlfriend (or boyfriend or husband or wife. . .).  Fraser is  just too cute!
B000002G26|5.0|Bryan Adams is Canada's greatest entertainer...forget Celine Dion, forget even Terrance and Philip...when you listen to this album, you'll understand why his album Heaven is the most albums ever sold by a Canadian  artist.<br />The CD puts together his finest string of hits starting with his  upbeat favorite &quot;Summer of '69,&quot; and closing with a previously  unreleased song, &quot;Please Forgive Me.&quot; Sandwiched in between are  songs such as &quot;Do I Have To Say The Words?&quot; &quot;(Everything I  Do) I Do It For You,&quot; &quot;Kids Wanna Rock,&quot; &quot;Straight From  The Heart,&quot; &quot;Cuts Like A Knife,&quot; and  &quot;Heaven.&quot;<br />All together, this shows why Bryan Adams is one of  America's finest rockers and the best thing Canada has ever produced.
0780626494|5.0|Most movies of this genre are not supposed to be taken really seriously.  They are there to make you realize that your loved one is really special.  They are also there to make you realize what we have taken for-granted.   Brendan Fraser's innocence to real life in this movie will make you think  twice when you pass by the awe-inspiring ocean or look up into the  marshmallow-filled azure sky.  So don't gripe when a movie doesn't have too  much chemistry between characters!  YOU do the character developing in  life--just use these movies as a reference!  By the way, the whole  swing-dancing scene is just totally awesome (even though I'm sure it's not  Fraser that's really dancing).  This movie gives you reason to cuddle up  with your girlfriend (or boyfriend or husband or wife. . .).  Fraser is  just too cute!
6305531412|1.0|I have not seen this film on DVD, as nearly every review I have read has advised otherwise, but I can say that to release a featureless disc of one of the most technically significant films of all time is nothing short of  travesty. I'm ignoring the fact that Disney actually removed footage from  this film, and we're not talking about the infamous laserdisc edition. Is  it possible for Criterion to get their hands on this? They did do the super  edition of &quot;Armageddon&quot;, now let's see them work on a film that  actually deserves it. I don't care if it costs $60, issue a two-disc set  with commentaries (by Zemeckis and Richard Williams, the great animation  director who was completely screwed over on his labor of love, &quot;The  Thief and the Cobbler), an extensive documentary, every piece of  promotional material, an anamorphic transfer, a guide to all the cartoon  characters who appear, and, while we're at it, how about those three  &quot;Maroon Cartoons&quot; (Tummy Trouble, Rollercoaster Rabbit, and Trail  Mix-up) that were until recently available on video and laserdisc before  the Mouse house decided to pull them off the market. All right, I've ranted  long enough. The point is, put out an edition of this film that truly does  justice to the film itself and people will spend the necessary currency to  obtain it. May the dream of an ultimate &quot;Who Framed Roger Rabbit&quot;  DVD one day become a reality!
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes, Frank's McCourt's New York Times Best Selling Memoir, centers on the cold, hard life of a poor Irish Catholic family. Frank McCourt, the oldest child, tells the story of his family in Ireland and  their unfortunate poverty and depression. The father is a mean,  cold-hearted man who constantly spends his and his children's money on  liquor for himself. The mother, Angela, is without a doubt the backbone of  the family; she makes sure they eat and worries about the rent and the  well-being of her children. Throughout the story Angela teaches her  children the importance of pride and dignity. The ill-starred family is  continually struck with the death of very young family members. Even though  several children die from starvation and cold  before the age of five,  McCourt manages to portray these tragedies and shows the family's  ability  to move on with life.  Although the memoir, in general, is an incredibly  sad one, the humor of McCourt's style makes the book bearable. Because  McCourt's writing style is so descriptive, the reader is able to feel the  families sorrow and unhappiness, and we see the world in which they live.  Unfortunately, Angela's Ashes did not shine through in the recent holiday  film released by Paramount. The film showed the importance of McCourt's  humor by not incorporating it into the adaptation. Without this humor, the  film was dark, sad, ugly and unbearable. The book on the other hand, may be  sad, but is at the same time uplifting.
B0000028MA|5.0|This is an excellent soundtrack. All the songs are great but my personal favorites are Dyslexic Heart (Westerburg), Chloe Dancer (Mother Love Bone), State of Love and Trust (Pearl Jam) and Waiting for Somebody (Westerburg).  This soundtrack covers the whole era of the early 90's and it's Seattle  grunge period. I've had this CD forever, it's been overplayed, and yet I  have never gotten sick of it! It's Excellent!
0790737981|1.0|I really wanted to like this movie.  I honestly did.  I love sci-fi, horror and mystery movies.  The actors cast are an impressive group.  Michael Crichton is a terrific writer.  But I have to say that this is  HANDS DOWN, the WORST movie I've seen in 10 years.  It made no sense (and  folks, I loved Event Horizon).  How long was this movie?  It felt like it  was about 6 hours.   Obviously a lot of money was spent to make this  movie...how did it go so wrong, so boring, so stupid?  It was so painful  that I was even hating Jules Verne at the end for writing &quot;20,000  Leagues&quot;.  Please don't waste your money on this.
B000021XS0|5.0|There is only one thing to say about it. It's Dream Theater. I don't know of any Dream Theater CD where the musicianship isn't tweaked to the maximum (and sometimes even beyond) the band's capabilities. This is no exception.  Vintage DT. Congratulations to all, especially Mr. Rudess for fitting so  well into the group. It's as if he always belonged there.
0800137884|5.0|I've always thought that Francis Ford Coppola is a great director. I never missed one movie of his. I really believe in him. This, along with my great interest in vampires, not that of horror thing but to imagin how would a  vampire live or think or love.<br />This movie has it all. It's not intended  on scaring you, not at all. but to witness one of the best love stories  ever. To me, its like beauty and the beast. I say performance rule in this  movie, not to mention the effects. I say its the best movie ever for Gary  Oldman<br />Its a must see. Trust me!
0782008364|5.0|Wonderful caper flick. The lesbianism is portrayed honestly and makes for an interesting twist to the genre. If you liked &quot;The Matrix,&quot; check out &quot;Bound&quot; to see the beginnings of some of the techniques  the Wachowskis used. Great performances all around.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is a great Album, the lyrics are excellent, the music fantastic.  Classic Nirvana and Nirvana is classic rock.  I loved this music back in the day and it is still great.  I was surprised to find that there are  songs on here I had never heard that are really good.
6305657947|5.0|Russo and Brosnan heat up the screen in this stylish remake. Using Faye Dunaway from the original to play Crowne's shrink was pure genius. And changing Crowne to an art thief was brilliant. Russo is smart, sexy, and  old enough to be a good match for Brosnan's Crowne. And the incidental  music is wonderful.
0393317552|5.0|Before commenting on this book I would like to say something to all those people that consider the European race to be superior: DON'T FORGET THAT IT  WAS OUR RACE THAT CREATED THE GREATEST MONSTERS IN HISTORY: HITLER AND  STALIN.<br />Now let's come to the book. I've read many of the reviews. Most  people found it excellent, but some deplore that it was too PC, or that it  focused too much on people that never bothered to develop civilization. For  me, it was the first world history book i read that told me so much about  extra-Eurasian cultures. The idea that European superiority could have  something to do with genetics is in my view completely absurd. Just observe  the people around you and tell me: do you really think that they have a  superior intellect?  I don't think so. If Africans, Asians or Native  Americans had the same opportunities to education as Europeans and Whites  in general have, they would surely be as performant as we are. Diamond also  gives this argument, yet it is true that he spoils it by concluding that  New Guineans are more intelligent than people born in civilization. His  most important argument (and in my eyes the one that explains most) is the  crop argument. The random distribution of &quot;domesticable&quot; crops  and animals explains why some people invented agriculture before others. It  is obvious that you can't build civilization without farming, and you don't  invent farming from one day to the other. People living in the fertile  Crescent did have to invent farming because it was almost given to them in  a silver plate. They had the greatest choice, so they could pick the crops  that gave them most benefits. Other people in other parts of the world did  first have to find the crops that allowed farming. Just imagine how to do  that in a rainforest where there are millions of different plants, only a  few of which allow farming! The same argument counts for domestication of  animals. Furthermore, the Mideast is at the crossroads of all trading  routes of that time. It linked Africa, East Asia and Europe, more than the  Central Asian and European steppes.<br />Finally, one important argument  against the racial theory is given in Diamonds book, but seems to have  passed unnoticed by most readers. In the second or third chapter (i don't  remeber which), Diamond presents the different evolutions in Polynesia. If  race had played a role, all Polynesians would have evolved in the same way.  Yet that was not the case at all. Some Polynesians (on the Chatham islands,  for example), became hunter-gatherers again. Others maintained farming, but  did not evolve. Others started to create empires (Hawaii and Tonga). The  Easter island developped writing and build the famous Moai. All this was  mostly due to geography: depending on which island they settled,  Polynesians evolved differently, even though previously they had shared the  same level of development. Atolls and other unferile islands developped  hunter-gatherers;fertile ones allowed agriculture, volcanic ones allowed  buildings and monuments made of stone, minerally rich ones (new Zealand)  created a war culture, and the ones most blessed allowed empires  (especially Hawaii).If that's not an example of how geography, and not  race, shapes history, then I'll go and live in New Guinea.
0140177396|5.0|I have been a Steinbeck fan since I think before I was born.  That is how it seems anyway.  The minute I pick up a Steinbeck book, I know that I will come back to the fold of the underdog and the mistreated.  I love him for  this, as he recognizes the value of the underpriveledged and the poor. He  sees the evil in the world and calls it by name.  Lenny and George are in a  way comedic, but heart wrenching and sad.  They are known by even those  that are unaware that they know them.  Ever watched a Bugs Bunny cartoon,  when that giant oaf pets the little animal to a bloody pulp?  Well, Lenny  still lives within all of us.  Hopefully we all have a George in our lives  as well.
6302862949|3.0|Iwant video white nights with actorjeanmarais and maria Schel
B000002VRZ|5.0|This is one hot CD that should be in every collection.  They just don't make music like this anymore!
6302862949|3.0|Iwant video white nights with actorjeanmarais and maria Schel
B000002UYZ|4.0|I bought the red and the blue on vinyl when they were released in 1973. At that time, album sides could not hold 30 minutes of music, hence the need for a double album.<br />The CD version was planned for 1992 then delayed until 1993. Prior to both projected release dates, it was announced that it  would be a double disc affair even though the entire two albums could fit  on one disc with 15 minutes to spare.<br />If this is due to the desire of  preserving the original appearance of the album as a double anthology, I  don't buy it. <br />Today, double discs are now  presented in the slim CD case that look like single CDs. Therefore, they  should release its blue album this way, put the red album on one disc and  they would look comparable.<br />That way we would save a few bucks. Now for  the music...<br />The first four songs are mono. The two track stereo tapes  for Love Me Do and She Loves You are no longer in existence. <br />When The  Beatles rerecorded their two biggest hits I Want To Hold Your Hand and She  Loves You in German in early 1964, they were able to just record the vocal  track over the existing backing track of Hand. Since She Loves You's two  tracks had been erased, they had to record a whole new rendition. <br />Please  Please Me and From Me To You are also in mono. There are stereo masters for  these but since Please Please Me in stereo has a vocal flub it was not  used. It was announced there was no clean stereo master for From Me To  You.<br />I do enjoy this compilation. It's great to have  these songs  remastered in the early 1990's, and I love hearing All My Loving, Can't Buy  Me Love, A Hard Day's Night, And I Love Her, and Eight Days A Week in  stereo. <br />In fact, this blows the excuse out of the water that the first  four albums would sound terrible in stereo, so present them in mono only.  <br />However, I wish they had used the US stereo mix of Day Tripper. This was  on both US and UK versions of the red album. It is a cleaner mix,with less  obtrusive echo on the vocal, has a longer fade out, and doesn't try to hide  a vocal flub with a volume knob twist. The fade out should have been sung:  Day Tripper...Day Tripper Yeh! The Beatles accidently sung it: Day Tripper  Yeh!...Day Tripper Yeh! No attempts were made to have them resing the  vocal. They just lowered the volume during the mistake. What that did was  lower the entire backing track with it.<br />Still, it is a nice anthology  with unpublished photos and the lyrics to all the songs (correct lyrics  this time. Just compare the lyrics of A Hard Day's Night on the vinyl to  the CD. &quot;So why on earth should I moan, cos' when I get you  alone&quot; is correct)
078322804X|5.0|If you love the video and are wondering whether to get the DVD or not ... wonder no longer!  The bonus material contained on the DVD is fabulous ~ the &quot;making of&quot; doco is really interesting and contains  interviews with a myriad of cast members along with some behind the scenes  footage.  Personally, I found the production photographs section a little  tedious and I doubt I'll be visiting there too often.  The expanded version  of the film itself, however, will keep you on your toes ~ especially if you  like to recite the film verbatum ... new bits crop up all the time.  Oh,  and if you're watching it with friends for the first time, don't sing too  loudly to your favourite songs, an unexpected extra verse could be in there  just to make you fluff your lines.
B000002H33|5.0|One of the best albums ever written, this was &quot;Metallica's&quot; successful attempt to distinguish themselves from &quot;thrash&quot; in general. When I go through my music collection and can't decide what to  play, this is always a sure thing. This was Cliff Burton's last album with  them(R.I.P) and it actually shows.  Not taking anything away from Jason,  there's just a different, more unique, and tighter sound to their songs.  This is a must-have for any Metallica fan; old or new!<br />         I would  go into reviewing every song, but every single note is absolutely perfect!  It' just too bad they couldn't stick to this kind of perfection, but I  doubt anyone could!<br />              CLIFF  R.I.P.<br />          Sincerely,                     NITEMARE
078322947X|5.0|This is for me the best movie ever made. Friedkin is a genious and Scheider is perfect. I  cannot believe it was made in 1977 since it looks from the 90s. Last scene of Scheider dancing with the sad lady in the bar  is the best ! Unique music,  terrific casting and great story..a 10!
B000002HMH|1.0|They must have been loaded when they made this.  If anyone wants to see my true feelings about this and the disgusting sequel to it; then check out my review of &quot;Reload&quot;.<br />         If you're a true Metallica fan, as I am,  then you already have both of these sorry attempts to imitate Metallica.  You also know how I feel.<br />       What saddens me the most is that my 12  year old boy loves them. To add salt to that wound, I played  &quot;Master&quot; for him and he didn't even believe that they were the  same band!  AT first I was upset, but now I have to agree with him.(he also  thought that Puff Daddy wrote Kashmir) I don't blame him though, because  that's what's happening to music today and Metallica has jumped right on  that broken down mule.<br />       For real, true to the heart Metallica the  way it's supposed to be, please buy &quot;Kill 'Em All, &quot;Ride The  Lightning&quot;, Master Of Puppets&quot;(my personal favorite) and the  self-titled black album.  I do like all three &quot;Garage&quot; EPs as  well. They introduced me to alot of other great bands.<br />
B000002TLX|5.0|My top favorite songs had to be &quot;Right Here Waiting For You&quot; and &quot;Now and Forever.&quot;  Richard Marxs had to be the best romantic musician/songwriter who ever lived in the 20th century and his music will  legacy in the 21st century and beyond!  I love to listen to them over and  over.  The more I listen, the more I want to play &quot;Now and  Forever&quot; on my guitar and serenade to the woman of my dreams under  twinkling stars and shooting stars streaking across the nightsky.
B000002JS8|5.0|This is what its all about, Good Old Rock n Roll and pure fun. I think this is the best album ever made. All songs is made for this record, they all fit right in, in fact its almost impossible to rank the tunes. When you  listen to this record you just put it on and listen to the whole  album...This is Ac/Dc on their peak, all members are in top shape and with  &quot;Mutt&quot; Lange as a producer, I like the other albums to but when  Mutt is producing its just the best sound...I think you should buy this  album even if you aren´t into Hard Rock.  Highway to hell shows that the  rock is immortal.<br />&quot;no one is playing Manilow, no one is playing soul  and no one is playing hard to get just a good old rock n  roll.....&quot;<br />Get it hot...Get &quot;Highway to hell&quot;
B000002J27|1.0|When you listen to this CD, it suddenly becomes clear why punk rock started, - to clear the airwaves of pompous dull &quot;schoolboy rock&quot; like this.<br />This cd also represents the birth of Phil Collins as a  songwriter which started many years of tedious and soppy love  songs.<br />Bring back Peter Gabriel! Get Phil Collins some hair! Put Tony  Banks out of his misery and get Mike Rutherford to cut that silly  beard.<br />Don't waste your money just take a valium and watch drying paint,  it has the same effect.
0375707972|1.0|This has to be the worst recommendation for a book I have ever had
B000002U82|2.0|This album is very dull and depressing! All those sound affects are designed not so much for sonic innovation, but to distract from the rather dull and ordinary songs.  To me an all time great album has to have good  song writting as well as good lyrics, and quality performance.     My top  10 albums in no particular order are:<br />1)Let it Bleed (Rolling Stones)  2)Revolver (Beatles) 3)Innervisions (Stevie Wonder) 4)Rubber Soul (The  Beatles) 5)Arthur (The Kinks) 6)My Aim is True (Elvis Costello) 7)The  Velvet Undergroud (The Velvet Underground) 8)Free Wheelin Bob Dylan (Bob  Dylan) 9)Who's Next (The Who) 10)Hunky Dory (David Bowie)
6305622825|1.0|The only reason to see this movie is to admire Catherine Zeta-Jones' immense talent, and I'm not talking about her acting here. Otherwise, the plot is just too farfetched and the story develops much too slowly to  create any real interest in it. I kept hitting the 'time remaining' button  on my VCR to see how much longer I had to endure that farce.
0385495315|5.0|This is one of the few books in the last year that I actually couldn't wait to get home from work to finish reading. As a history of Cryptography and how it works it is a good book. But when injected with the effects of  Cryptography on all History and short stories about the genesis behind  creating and breaking the codes, makes this a fascinating read. Also the  book does a great job of explain cryptography without making it to  technical. I would tell anyone interested in History, Science, Language, or  just a good story to read this book.
B0000039PW|5.0|2PACOLYPSE NOW WAS A GREAT DEBUT CD - THIS CD HOWEVER, IS SO MUCH BETTER. THE FLOW BIGGIE HAS IS BETTA THEN AMAZIN' THIS CAN BE HEARD MAINLY ON 'EVERYDAY STRUGGLE'. LIFE AFTER DEATH WAS A GOOD ALBUM BUT IT DID NOT SHOW  THE TRUE GANGSTA SIDE OF BIGGIE THAT THIS ALBUM SHOWS. THIS ALBUM IS RAP  GENIUS, AND IS PROBABLY THE BEST ALBUM I HAVE HEARD BY ANY ARTIST
B000002I77|5.0|I feel it is downright shame, when talking to most music fans that Billy Cobham's name rarely comes up when you talk about the greatest drummers. This man simply is a marvel on the drums. He blows me a way everytime I  listen to him, and I am much more of a guitar fan than a fan of drummers.  This album is a most own if you love great instrumental interplay.  Everybody on this album is on top form. If you are a drummer and you never  heard Billy Cobham, then you haven't heard great drumming.
B00000IFWE|5.0|There's 1 thing that makes me mad about this CD- it wasn't nominated for a grammy.  Oh well, Tom has always been more concerned about quality music than awards!  On this CD, he and the Heartbreakers have pt out their best  effort in years.  &quot;Free Girl Now&quot; gives a tormented ex-lover who  has finally gotten up the nerve to leave her meddling lover her due (You  go, free girl!).  &quot;Swingin'&quot; gives a nod to some of the greatest  big-band legends of the now-defunct 20th century.  Then there's the tender  &quot;Room at the Top...&quot; (wouldn't we all like to sing that to  someone special?).  With all that aside, Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers  are as strong as ever!
0553213105|4.0|The portrayal of Elizabeth and Darcy's love affair although not truly noticable was very strong and forgiving.  Neither knew that they had feelings for the other until a rash judgement was made on both sides.  Elizabeth declines the hand of her cousin Mr. Collins and therefore goes  against the customs of the time period.  Elizabeth defies most traditional  customs when it comes to men.  She wants to marry for love not money, or  anything else.  This novel keeps the reader interested and wanting more.  Jane Austen is a superb author.
0451196716|5.0|Before reading a book I have these pre-conceived  ideas about who the author is and where the book is going to go. Richard Bachman/Stephen King has spooked me in to figuring out this whole king/bachman thing he has goin...but The Long Walk was a book that slapped me in the face over and  over again and loved it every time, a book that gets you to pinpointing  reality and make believe. Dare I  say, Dead Poets Society meets The Running  Man?  A story of young boys with the pressures of humiliation, family,  peers, and survival, but to see the evolution of which one is most  important is the gripper.A book I carried around with me at all times while  traveling, you can read and read and still be intrigued....A book that is a  must read and a must re-read.
B000000W5L|5.0|I am simply going to say this:  Anyone who does not give this 5 stars must have their head examined.  This is rock and roll. This is arguably the greatest album of all time.  The Rockers like Tumbling Dice, the ballads  like loving cup and Keith's compositions are all masterpieces.  And yes,  this is on par with the White Album and Abbey Road.  What's wrong with you  people?
B000009RC2|5.0|I never heard of this group until a few months back when someone recomended it to me. I was reluctant to buy it because of the name thinking it was some Indian group with a bunch of  chanting or whatever. I decided to give it a try, and I was totally and  completley blown away by everything and everyone on this album. I haven't  heard music that has blown me away so much since maybe the first time I  heard Cream or Hendrix, and even now on don't think they compare. These  guys just are so great! They go from fiery speed on some tracks to gentle  melodic songs on others. I now have bought everything buy them, and I wish  there was more. If you are never going to buy another album in your life,  make this your last one. It will be worth every penny and much much more.
B00000J7SO|5.0|I have every single Dylan album that he put out, and then some.  My Dylan CD collection totals over 120, including offical, import, and bootleg releases.<br />There is something about this album that always brings me back  to it.  It's by far my favorite Dylan album, probably my favorite album of  all time.  This album isn't for everybody, it's very dark and reflective.   But there's something between the lines that I identify with.  I can't even  put my finger on it, but this album is the best.<br />This album presents  Dylan sorting through his problems; he's in a spritual battle with himself  and the Enemy within.  It's mixed with hints to Taroism, witchcraft, drug  abuse, and recovering from broken relationships.  Keep in mind, this was  his last album before he converted to Christianity.  You can just tell with  repeated listenings that he was submerced in darkness before he saw the  Light.<br />I would definately recommend this album who is going through their  own spiritual battles or who is in or just getting out of a bad  relationship.  Dylan is a deep thinker, and this album is the best for  people who share Dylan's ideas of searching for truths outside of this  world.
0440234743|4.0|Once again, Grisham writes a wonderful book up until the end.  It was a definite page turner changing from one plot to the next while interconnecting them.  However, as with the majority of his books, the  ending leaves something to be desired.  Just when you are ready for one  final punch, you are let down by a serene and relatively unmemorable  ending.  The rest of the book was very good even though a few parts dragged  on.  I would definitely recommend the book, though.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Chalk up another spectacular CD to the songress of folk rock, Ms. Sarah McLachlan.  Due to the fact that Sarah is live on this album, her music is completely free and real.  ANY of Sarah's loyal and longstanding fans could  recognize the growth and evolution of some of Sarah's classic songs on this  release.  She's not perfect and this album isn't meant to portray that.   Mirrorball is a 'beautiful release'.  It is free and full of emotion.  As  far as the last Lilith tour goes, this CD was a wonderful way to end years  of touring, especially at the end of 'Angel' when she says 'Good night,  we'll see you soon.'  And we will see more of Sarah soon.  Sarah has been  with us for over 10 years and she's not going away.  Sarah's music is like  a seed that has been nurtured and stimulated.  It just keeps blooming and  growing with time.  YOU ROCK, SARAH!
6304044836|5.0|Sabrina was one of the best movies made. Harison  Ford showed how one can become stuck in their ways but with a little help there is hope and romance. That is all any of us can hope for. He gives great emotion to his  caractor but yet a human quality EXISTS.
B000002MG1|5.0|Wow! What an album! This is the most well-rounded, phenomenal album I have ever heard. The lyrics are deep but not as unfathomable as many of R.E.M.'s other albums, and the musicianship is incredible. I love every song on this  album, including the ones that some people aren't too fond of, and although  it took some time for me to fully appreciate all the songs, I can now  happily listen to this album several times in a row. By the time all 12  songs are through I am ready to hear &quot;Drive&quot; again. The song that  struck me and has stuck, though, is &quot;Nightswimming.&quot; The piano,  combined with Stipe's voice and lyrics, blew me away from the first time I  heard it. Wow. What an album. No one should be without it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|can listen to cd all day...compatible with all daily routines like baking cookies, shaving legs and beating on your cheating husband...
B00003Q4NM|5.0|Dancable grooves sit shoulder to shoulder with some beautiful ambient tracks 'Dusk You &amp; Me' 'Inside My Mind (Blue Skies)' are of paticular note. It plays perfectly well in the background at a party or accutely  listened to, becoming a down-tempo the soundtrack to whatever you're doing.  The over-all tone is layed back, though cranking things up occasionaly for  beat-heavy tracks like 'If everybody looked the same'. If winter's ever  getting you down, stick this CD on and be warmed up as the esscense of  summer emenates from your speakers and wraps round you.
B000002AP1|5.0|This is supposedly the first album to which the term &quot;punk&quot; was applied, and it is a classic.  This album is a must-have for all would be punks, and anyone into intense, hard and satisfyingly pop music.  But this  album even if you have the origional, Bowie-produced version of the album.   The older version of the album is depressingly thin, greatly diluting the  awsome power of the band.  This is THE version of the album to get,  produced by Iggy Pop himself.  Come hear what the well-deserved hype is all  about!
6302238331|5.0|There is a scene at the beginning of this classic movie wherein everyone seems to be having a great time in a bar when from nowhere a sort of stop-time moment occurs when dectective Popeye eyeing some locals knows for  dead-center certainty  something major is wrong. From there it is only a  matter of piecing together (like the ubiquous and sinsiter car) the plot.  This gritty, seemingly greyish and astonishingly well-edited movie offers a  powerful glimpse into the mechanisms and travails of international  corruption
B000000WFU|5.0|Well, I've read some of the reviews posted about Karl Jenkins and Adiemus and I agree with most of them.  Songs of Sanctuary and Cantata Mundi are BRILLIANT albums.  The music recalls Enya (the premiere vocal goddess in my  opinion,) but is unique in its own way.  Karl knows how to throw in the  most surprising chords.  Miriam Stockley (who has now released a solo  album) is a phenomenal vocalist.  The LPO play with passion...I can't think  how anyone would find these albums repetetive or boring.  Adiemus songs are  more varied and stylish than any pop music on the market today (and maybe  more so than alot of classical albums.)  Those who don't like Adimeus  should go back to the ol' Britney Spears' stuff.  This is music that is  universal and powerful.  In fact, I bought two copies of Cantata Mundi in  case something ever happens to one of them!
6301658795|4.0|This is without a doubt a video any serious jazz enthusiast must have. Not because it is such a great movie, as the liner notes pompously want to imply. On the contrary, what's so great about this movie is that one can see and hear many jazzmen in action. It's actually a shame we don't get more, since for long endless sequences we are kept starving for the protagonists, namely those who make the music and are the main reason for this video.<br />Here is the reconstructed list (missing from jacket and film) of the performers, in order of appearance:<br />1.The Jimmy Giuffre (ts) - Bob Brookmeyer (vtb) - Jim Hall (g) trio <br />2.Thelonious Monk (p), Henry Grimes (b), Roy Haynes (d) <br />3.The Sonny Still (ts) - Sal Salvador (g) group<br />4.Anita O' Day<br />5.The George Shearing Quintet<br />6.Dinah Washington, with probably Terry Gibbs (vibes), Urbie Green (tb), Max Roach (d)<br />7.The Art Farmer - Gerry Mulligan Quartet<br />8.Big Maybelle, with an ad-hoc orchestra<br />9.Chuck Berry<br />10.The Chico Hamilton Quartet, with Eric Dolphy (fl)<br />11.The Louis Armstrong All Stars, with Trummy Young(tb), Barney Bigard (cl), probably Arvell Shaw (b), Danny Barcelona (d), joined by Jack Teagarden on Rockin' Chair<br />12.Mahalia Jackson <br />All perform at the top of their form. This is not to say, however, that the video is not marred by some deficiencies. Most annoying is the talking on top of a performance, the excessive and lengthy shots of a not-too-competent public, lengthy extraneous scenes with unexciting landscapes, and a general attitude of putting jazz music in the background.  There are some nonchalant omissions: such as the unmentioned band with a singer, not shown, between appearances 1. and 2., rehearsing &quot;Do Nothing Till You Hear from Me&quot; with an Ellington-sounding reed section. Also between 1. and 2., and between 4. and 5., we have to swallow the looks and music of a Dixieland band (Ely's Chosen Six ?) the members of which do not seem to know that jazz playing is about generating swing; and some other boring pseudo-classical and classical stuff between 2. and 3. (with flute, cello, guitar) and 4. and 5 (classical cello playing Bach).  <br />In my subjective opinion, the best performances are those by: <br />Thelonious Monk, playing his masterpiece Blue Monk, unfortunately marred by some inconsequential and unnecessary talking (about the weather!) over his great solo. Notice the strange (for today) comment about his being &quot;unconcerned&quot;, as well as the failure to recognize Monk's deep sense of the blues and respect for the tradition. <br />The Sonny Stitt's group playing Blues Walk, unfortunately cut at the beginning and again dented by a superimposed voice presentation.  Notice the marvelous solo by Sal Salvador on guitar, while the camera moves to boats instead of focusing on his wonderful hands - funny also that we mostly see his left hand only, as if he were playing single-handed; same for Stitt. It seems the cameramen had not yet learned about zooms, movements etc. Enhanced by (short) shots of a beautiful black lady in blue.  <br />Big Maybelle, who is as lovely as her voice is hoarse. Beautifully accompanied by Buck Clayton - great solo on his trumpet - and Jo Jones (d), both ex-Basie alumni well immersed in the spirit of the traditional blues.  Too bad we do not hear more of that broad-toned saxophonist seen at the far right before the performance and heard in the riffs. Slightly marred by lengthy shots of a not-too-good-looking red-clad lady who does not seem to know how to dance. <br />Chuck Berry playing his Sweet Little Sixteen, who modestly demonstrates what king Elvis has never learned, with shots a man who does really know how to dance (cut above the head! maybe because he was dark-skinned?). Only slightly marred by a solo on the clarinet, probably by Peanuts Hucko, who tries hard to get in the heat of the mood without quite succeeding (perhaps the saxophonist mentioned above would have done better). All the same, a great performance. <br />Louis Armstrong's All Stars.  Satchmo, in spite of the sorry state of his lips, well visible, shows his mastery of the trumpet: the note he slides and recaptures twice in Lazy River, and always the powerful presence of his no-nonsense and sensual tone, for which he is justly famous. Barney Bigard is heard little in Tiger Rag, Trummy Young practically not at all, Danny Barcelona does not get too much in the way - even the abused and fearsome When the Saints, heard last, gets through without problems - and Jack Teagarden is seen and heard singing Rockin' Chair with Louis. Of whom we admire also the initial jokes about his European acquaintances, with his colorful way of talking, which shines in its originality, opposed to the boring formality of the show master (Willis Conover?). <br />Mahalia Jackson, with the deep, moving intensity of a great jazz singer (even though she sings the gospel: about Our Heaven, Our Lord, etc.) and the tender freshness of a little girl - she was 47 at that time. A simple accompaniment of piano and bass lets her presence and soul dominate the place. <br />Of course one can't forget the dazzling, professional and exciting show by the great Anita O' Day, an example of exceptional vocal technique.  The interventions by Art Farmer in the Gerry Mulligan group, the latter quite disappointing, and by Eric Doplhy in an otherwise boring and pretentious performance by the Chico Hamilton Quintet. Dinah Washington's interplay with the vibraphonist, probably Terry Gibbs, in All of Me is also a good moment - with a great trombone player, probably Urbie Green. While most of what was praised at the time, such as the music by Hamilton, Shearing (some Latin stuff, put to shame by any old Cuban or modern Salsa band), Mulligan and Giuffre, has terribly dated with time and lost universality - not so for Monk and the others singled out above.<br />To conclude, this is a video worth seeing. And studying. Many times. Even at the cost of closing one's eyes occasionally and glossing over some irritating poor choices of images and other esthetic misjudgments. But we can be happy the filmmakers allow us to see those great jazzmen in action, most of them dead by now, over forty years after the edition of the Newport Jazz Festival, in color and with excellent sound.
B0000019HU|5.0|If you're into bands like June of 44 you should own a copy of this album already.  Listen here for the first (and finest) example of the phenonmenon known as &quot;post-rock&quot;.  It is not for nothing Steve Albini foamed  at the mouth in praise for this band at a time when all the short-sighted  music critics ignored this album.
B000021Y74|4.0|Wow!  What a cool movie!  I won't write a plot description because you can read it elsewhere but the concept is great, how minute changes in circumstances can create very different outcomes in life.  When you take  your next walk in the city or around your neighborhood, think about if you  took a different turn than you decide on would you possibly bump in to  someone that would totally change your life?  That's what this is about.   And that doesn't even mention the inventive direction and terrific  performances. Check this one out. AVailable in dubbed or subtitles.
6302256615|5.0|If you're into adrenaline, this ones for you.  High action scenes, great comedy, and things you wouldn't expect to happen, happen.  This movie is not geared toward surfing, it's an action packed chase that has a great  ending.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I originally bought play for &quot;Bodyrock&quot; and found the rest of the album to be very different than I expected.  At first I was disappointed since many of the songs are composed of repeating samples and  music, but after listening to it more I began to greatly enjoy all of the  tracks.  The music is very diverse, ranging from the very catch  &quot;Bodyrock&quot; track to some of the softer instrumentals such as  &quot;Everloving&quot;.  Play has turned out to be one of my favorite  recent purchases.
B0000004V2|4.0|Yes, the album is hopely overrated by the British music journalists, but the album is great to listen to nevertheless.  The band did not come up with something totally origional here, but their synthesis of several band's music is so wonderful, it's hard to criticize them.  If you are like  me and don't own a copy of Primal Scream's PERFECT pop song, Velocity Girl,  buy this album for the Stone Roses' shameless, but beautiful cover of the  song in &quot;Made of stone&quot;.
0679737456|4.0|I too had to read this book for school.  Once, in the summer going into my freshman year, and again during my junior year.  On both occassions, I found that this was a delightful book.  The word choices are quite  appropriate, and if the words are too big for your vocabulary, then read  with a dictionary.  I thought that this was a poignant memoir about the  early days of integration.  As a reader--amazingly, as a white reader--I  was very empathtic to the challenges that Ms. Cary overcame.  If after all  you came away with after reading this book is that it was boring and  inconsequential, read it again.  Reading for school may not be on the top  of my list for fun things to do, but if you forget you're doing homework  and yourself to enter the atmosphere of the book, then there is no way you  cannot enjoy it.  Black Ice is a very powerful and moving book.  In  recounting her own adolsence, Cary helps people in their teen years make  sense of all that is happening to them.  She also allows others who have  left those years, to remember their own adolescence.  There is much to be  gained from reading this book, and nothing to lose.  I guess if you are a  thoughtless person, who does not want to know the history of this country,  then this book is not for you.  But if you have a compassionate bone in  your body, you will learn and grow from this amazing book.
0385474547|3.0|The book is well written, and it presents a very good view of life of tribal Africa (given the fact that I know nothing of the subject) and the inevitable tragedies that result from the combination of culture clashes  and ignorance.  However, I don't get the point - I don't feel like I gained  anything from the book except a view on African tribal life.  In addition,  the story is little different from the clash of westerners and Native  Americans -  same stories, different continent.
0345438205|1.0|This would have to rate as one of the worst books I have ever read.  Such a great author reduced to such a low level.  The book concentrates on  techno stuff of the 4th Millennium and that is about it.  The characters  (if you could call them that) are shallow and offer nothing to this book  (if you could call it a book).<br />As Science Fiction it lacks imagination.   Which is the fundamental requirement of such an area.  Only a small amount  of the book is devoted to why it all occurred (the answer).  The way this  book is written leads me to feel that a 7 year old could understand it.   Words with more that two syllables are rarely used and it fails to spark  the imagination or the feeling that you are involved in something  marvellous.  I expected some earth shattering revelation but got crap.<br />I  feel this book has now spoiled the earlier experience I had from the other  books.  As I said I have not read a book as bad as this for many years.
B00000I9MK|5.0|Several people have expressed the view that this album deserves a low rating because the band &quot;didn't know how to play their instruments&quot;.  But even though technical proficiency and musical merit  are often related, they are NOT identical.  Even Miles Davis and John  Coltrane were criticized in their time for apparent &quot;flaws&quot; in  their playing techniques.  And Joseph Cornell, a great artist, never went  to art school and probably could not draw an anatomically correct human  figure to save his life.  If technical proficiency was a direct reflection  of quality music, we should all be listening to Dave Matthews Band right  now.  Or Van Halen.
B0000296SI|5.0|This CD is so......GREAT!  Its a really cool CD.  Especially the songs Tom sings.  Hes my favorite ;)
6303402348|5.0|Due to all the hype with the release of this movie, I avoided it like the plague.  I was sure it would be a chick flick (hey, not all chicks like them) and didn't want to waste the time.  I came across Forrest Gump while  sick in bed one day and GRUDGINGLY sat through the first 15 minutes, only  to find myself hooked.  Tom Hanks is absoulutely amazing, making the viewer  believe he is Forrest - the supporting cast (Sinise, Wright) is great.   Nothing can compare to Forrest meeting his son for the first time (a soon  to be VERY well known Haley Joel Osment).  Needless to say, I now own this  video, and I recommend it without reservations.
B000002C1X|5.0|Few albums have the inate ability to transcend the listener to another place and time.  SInce this album was released in the early eighties, I have listened to it over 1000 times, first on vinyl, now on CD and it never  ceases to amaze me how different details come out each time I listen.   Roger Waters puts forth his most impressive work and this, coupled with  David Gilmour taste for moving, symphonic guitar work, make The Wall a  masterpiece. Now the movie is another issue!
B00000HZFH|5.0|So there I was, 4 years ago I come upon a CD that is lying in my friends dorm room... it says &quot;built to spill&quot; and I look at the black and white cover of beer cans and realize I hadn't heard of this band. I soon  picked up &quot;Perfect from Now On&quot; and was shocked. I didn't know  you could still do that! I didn't know it was allowed to play your guitar  like you were singing and then say things that render your heart into two.  Well, as you can imagine, I was pretty excited about &quot;Keep it Like a  Secret&quot; and made sure I received it as soon as possible. And again,  taken aback, because so many times I had bought albums by artists that had  a great album but couldn't deliver on the second. But here is Doug,  delivering the goods. Guitar going strong, lyrics still working under my  skin, and rythm to songs that I don't hear anywhere but with a select few.  If you get this album, also think about picking up Hallo Benders &quot;God  Don't Make Junk&quot; which has Doug working his magic along with Calvin  Johnson of Dub Narcotic Sound System. A must have for any Built to Spill  fan.
0380973464|4.0|Despite all the reviews that brand this book too long, I feel that without the length the author couldn't bring matters to a satisfactory conclusion. That said, though the ending was sadly  limp and unexiciting which is a  pity considering what a good read this really is. Leaving aside the typos  (where was the editor?), Stephenson has written a storming read and roll on  the sequel
B000002UAX|5.0|this album has everything.  \\"everybody's got something to hide except for me and my monkey,\\" \\"Birthday,\\" \\"While my guitar gently weeps,\\" and \\"back in the ussr\\" have excellent vocals  and instrumental melody.  \\"helter skelter\\" is basically heavy  metal, and \\"Rocky Raccoon\\" is country.  Everything else is  special in its own way.  This album is almost every genre of music on one album by one band.  Definitely a must have for any adaquate music  collection.  BUY IT!
B00000JGOH|1.0|This is the best movie they could come up with without blowing stuff up? I was hoping for something fun or perhaps a sweet romance...slim pickings here. Annoyingly full of itself and quasi-subliterate.  The actors looked  dumb, too --that Fiennes guy, especially, bored me.  This is a movie that  thinks its all that &amp; got a lot of 'mo-spaiens to nod along but hasn't  got much there there.  You may rightly (and unapologetically) consider  yourself smarter and more discerning than others if you disdain this piece  of business.
B000002H5I|5.0|It is difficult not to be touched by her voice, her songs, and the way she presents them. &quot;Behind the wall&quot; vividly protraits the helplessness of the wife, her neighbor, and the system. &quot;Across the  Lines&quot; is another good one, full of tensions and sighs. All songs are  good indeed!  This albumn and her second one &quot;Crossroad&quot; are the  best, and dare I say, the most &quot;Tracy Chapman&quot; of hers. Tracy  Chapman is really talented. Her songs are undecroated and direct. Highly  recommended!
B000000H6D|5.0|I am writing to address the last few comments being made saying that this is a dark CD. The truth is that these guys dont really get the subtle, sarcastic humour within all the songs. Type O Negative may appear dark on  the surface but deep down they are making fun of just about everything and  everyone. Case in point, Christian Woman mocks religion. Black Number One  mocks gothic girls. Kill All The White People is making fun of racists. Too  Late:Frozen and Blood And Fire are making fun of one of Peter's ex-girl  friends. Finally, We Hate Everyone is making fun of....well, everyone! So  to call this an album dark and depressing really does an injustice to the  intent of the brooklyn foursome! And beyond that, it's really an amazing  album. The music is deep, complex and sensual. It seems to just echo from  the speakers, taking the listener on an ethereal journey. The music is  eclectic, as the band touches base upon pop, rock, metal, industrial,  hardcore, gothic and even classic rock (in songs such as Set Me On Fire,  Cant Lose You and the choruses in Too Late:Frozen and Blood &amp; Fire).  This is certainly a band which has been influenced by the likes of Black  Sabbath, the Doors, Deep Purple, the Beatles and Pink Floyd, as elements of  all the aforementioned artists can be found on this CD. In my opinion, this  is the best Type O Negative CD, although World Coming Down and October Rust  arent very far behind. But next time you find this CD a bit too dark or  depressing just remember that the band was smiling and laughing as they  recorded these songs...
6304578458|5.0|Favorite scene-In Debi's apartment. Overall-Great black comedy for all those about to have a highschool reunion.  Minnie Driver is funny.  Debi is a great character for her.  No one could play her like Minnie.
6304539282|5.0|WE HAVE THESE STILL AVAILABLE IN THE UK. BOTH FULL SCREEN AND WIDESCREEN. 79.99 INC UK P&amp;P
0871137380|5.0|Blawk Hawk Down, perhaps the greatest and most detailed war book that I have ever read. Blawk Hawk Down is a true story about 1st SFOD-D(Delta Force) and US Army Rangers battle against the Somalians. What started out  to be a quick mission to capture high ranking warlords ended up to be their  worst nightmare. 1st SFOD-D and the Rangers thinking that the mission will  be very brief take the lightest load of gear possible, leaving their kevlar  vests, extra ammunition, and water. They find themselves not only against  warlords but also against a soldiers most dreaded force, Somalian  civilians; children and women used as shields. While the warlords shoot  over the heads of the children and women. Little boys with assult weapons  and women with carrying infants. This isn't all, the soldiers are now not  only battling the Somalians, but they find themselves battling their inner  morale. To shoot or not to shoot... Pinned down for hours without supplies  and bad communication links, the worst is just ahead. While flying supplies  and backup to the hot spot, a UH60 Black Hawk gets shot out of the air,  nosediving into the earth causing death and a greater lack of supplies. 1st  SFOD-D and the Rangers are pinned down throuhout the night. With casualties  increasing by the minute... I won't give the rest away.  A must read for  anyone enjoying military or action related stories!                       <br />-I recommend this book to a mature audience. Although the author mutes  out bad language, it does give hints. -Great realism! The author shows  points of view of not only the ground troops but multiple troops.                        &quot;Lead The Way, All The Way!&quot;
B000002NIW|5.0|Although this CD rules, it seems like 'My Own Summer' stands out as the truly amazing song from this album.  That song made me buy this CD, and now, I'm a huge Deftones fan.  They rule. And so does this CD.<br />Although  some of it tends to sound alike, some of the songs are really amazing, and  Chino has one of the coolest voices around.  I love the Deftones, and I  guarentee you will too after listening to just ONE song off of this CD.
B00001ZULV|3.0|I am not a huge Genesis fan, but anyone who lived through the 1980s cannot help but be familiar with the incarnation of Genesis led by mega-star (and solo artist) Phil Collins.  After seeing the &quot;Behind the Music&quot;  segment on Genesis, I had to order this CD, which is, for the most part,  excellent -- full of hits.  But I could have used a better representation  of Genesis.  I would have preferred that &quot;The Hits&quot; was taken out  of the name of the CD so some more songs with the other mega-star to come  out of Genesis, Peter Gabriel, on vocals could have been included.  While I  am curious about Gabriel's contributions to Genesis, at this time I am not  interested in purchasing the Genesis box set, nor am I interested in buying  the early Genesis CD's individually.  <br />This CD also includes a song  featuring Genesis's newest lead singer.  The people who compiled this CD  know very well that we consumers are not interested in a post-Collins song,  and it is an obvious attempt to spark up some interest in the newest  Genesis line-up's CD's.
B00000J2PH|5.0|With the current state of pop radio at an all-time low, it leaves me a little bit sad to think that a smart, savvy and soulful album such as &quot;Tapestry&quot; dominated the airwaves at one time.  Personal yet  universal themes weave through the material, as Carole delivers hook after  timeless hook.<br />Many of today's songwriters simply have no appreciation of  the giants who came before them.  Songwriting is rapidly becoming a dying  art, and with the proliferation of click-and-drag music software, digital  recording and samplers, fewer and fewer people are learning how to properly  write a song.  Carole King never needed drum loops, remixes or computerized  recording to get her message across.  The emotion and feeling is in the  melody, the chord changes and the lyrics.  A true master of the craft.   Carole King's songs will live on forever.
0920668364|5.0|The first time I read this book I cried.  It was so touching.  It has become a favorite that my children read often even though they are all teenagers now.  We have experienced many of the same feelings as both the mother and child in the book and always give this to new parents.  It is a good way to start a family tradition of reading and  singing the song.  I also find it a good way to begin to open the lines of  comunnication with your child(ren). If you are hesitant or unsure of what to  say.  This mom allowed her child to grow up, move away but still remained  close without smothering him.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I've had this thing since the day it was released, and I still love it.  'Americana' has got to be the greatest Offspring song there is, and songs like Walla Walla and Feelings really back it up.  Lots of people hate  Pretty Fly, but it really isnt that bad.  The whole CD rules, and it still  gets played in my CD player from time to time, which is amazing, since I've  got over 100 and its pretty old...
6305078564|4.0|As someone who has just enjoyed a Pride and Prejudice binge (in this last month I have re-watched the Elizabeth Garvie version, watched this production for the first time, and just finished the book last night), I  find this production very good, but falling short of the fabulous reviews  that it has gotten on this site.  But, to be fair, I'll begin by singing  its praises.  This production does accurately capture the feel of the book,  and the liberties it has taken are all reasonable, and generally add to the  film.  The locations are beautiful, and the large budget was put to very  good use.  Jennifer Ehle is quite good as Lizzy, and Colin Firth really is  spectacular as Darcy (if I were a girl I'm sure that I'd have as big a  crush on him as so many of the following reviewers seem to have).  Firth  plays all of Darcy's nuances and subtleties phenonimally.  This film also  has the best renditions of Lydia and Wickham, and whomever plays them are  perfect.  But, as I said, this version is far from perfect.  The first  thing that struck me was how badly the Bennet girls were cast by physical  appearance.  Susannah Hawker is very attractive, but is simply not the  stunner that Jane is supposed to be. Jennifer Ehle, though very good  looking, has amazingly squinty eyes, which is unfortunate for an actress  playing character whose only noted characteristic are her &quot;fine  eyes.&quot;  (Then again, no one will EVER be able to live up to Elizabeth  Garvie as Lizzy: Garvie had it just perfect and - saying this a an  eighteen-year-old college-freshman guy - she is ten times more attractive!   Her beautiful - and may I add, OPEN - eyes cause me to simply melt.  I must  confess to a having a slight crush on her.)  And, even more startling on  the subject of physical casting is the actress cast as Charlotte Lucas -  she's not plain at all!  Though I admit that this is at some level  unimportant, it does rather jump out at you.  Other characters are badly  cast (in othersenses - not just physical): Bingly looks amiable but  vacant, Mr. Bennet is not quite funny enough, and Mr. Collins seems almost  sinister at times!  Changing subjects, one would think that a five-to-six  hour version of P&amp;P would be able to use all of the wonderful dialogue  in the book, but some how, many of the great lines are lost or horribly  butchered.  The DVD is also featureless, and having the opening and closing  credits every hour is unbelievably irritating.  Over all, though, I do  recommend seeing this production, and on the whole it is quite good.   However, please watch the Elizabeth Garvie version if you have not: the  sets might be wretched, but it is much more faithful to the script, Mr.  Collins, Bennet and Bingly are much better, as is Mrs. Bennet, and  Elizabeth Garvie just shines.
B000007OY0|5.0|If you judge a film by its emotional impact, then this one is clearly a winner. &quot;Redemption&quot; has an engaging story line but it also serves as a narrative of Andy's character development.  The one  &quot;theme&quot; that I took away from the film is how the actions, high  personal standards set by one individual can influence, lift up and inspire  an entire community, even if this community consists of prisoners. All of  the characters are complex, richly developed, intelligently casted and  wonderfully portrayed.  A round of applause for James Whitmore who  masterfully played the old librarian, replaced by Andy when he is released  from prison.  I consider this to be a &quot;must see&quot; film.  Intellectually &amp; spriritually rewarding (can't say that about 95% of  the product which is on video shelves today).
B000006045|5.0|&quot;Mezzanine&quot; is one of the best cd's I have in my collection of over 250...the music is so original compared to anything else I have ever heard...the standout track in my mind is &quot;Dissolved Girl&quot; that  starts slowly with Sara Jay's beautiful vocals, then breaks into a rocking  guitar riff midway through, and then closes out to a &quot;trip-hop&quot;  like beat...the guest vocals on the album are amazing, especially the  female vocals by Sara Fraser on &quot;Teardrop,&quot; &quot;Black  Milk,&quot; and &quot;Group Four.&quot;  Other highlights of the album  include the fierce opening track &quot;Angel&quot; that is similiar in  style to &quot;Dissolved Girl,&quot; and Jamaican-like vocals on &quot;Man  Next Door.&quot;  The only lackluster part of the album are the two  &quot;Exchange&quot; interludes that really serve no purpose here except  for filler, but the rest of the album more than makes up for it.  I would  also strongly suggest (if you want to shell out the $$ for it) the 11-cd  box set of all of Massive Attack's singles, it's well worth it...
1559408758|5.0|I can hardly believe this DVD is out of production.  Its a classic.  Please re-release it.  I want it bad!
0887307396|5.0|Simple explanations of core values and a easy book to read.  For companies specifically dealt with in the book, I'd recommend that employees read the book to recognize both good and bad.  It is sad to see some visionary  companies now going down hill becuase they have departed from the core  values that Collins talks about - Boeing for example.
B000000NN1|5.0|I've been a Vangelis fan since I was five (and that's about 16 years ago), and ever since, this CD has been one of my favorites. While some parts may not be very accessible for first time listeners, it's like a raw diamond  polished when listening to it more often. I personally would recommend this  album to anybody having at least one ear that works. There are really some  heavenly touches in this work.
0440224764|5.0|The Partner was another great novel of John Grisham.  I rate this novel of his the highest because he doesn't center the book around the courtroom like he did in The Chamber.  This book was full of action, yet covered the  legal aspects which is a trait John Grisham brings out in all of his books.  I reccommend this book to everyone because it is interesting and exciting.
B000000WCA|4.0|This cd is good but the spice girls are getting old. I prefer S club 7 myself. I like the tracks: Last time lover, love thing, wannabe and Naked. It's a great cd and all but s club 7 are newer and cooler.
B00000JG41|5.0|These guys are brilliant.  I cannot stop listening to this amazing album.  I have seen these guys 3 times this in 99.  Make sure to check them out on the sno-core tour.  They will blow you away.  This is by far the best album  to come out in years.  It's a shame that not too many people have heard of  them.  They put everyone else to shame.
B000000WFF|5.0|I love this! S club 7 do simalar music but there newer. I give this 5 stars anyway. My favourite tracks are actaully all of them. Esp. Move over and denying. Great cd and great group. But there a bit old now. For one  thing: Mel c: Stop badmouthing Geri! Mel G: You too. Emma: Nice single and  Victoria: Get some meat on you woman! well gotta go listen to s club 7 now.
0780625129|5.0|This film has more to say, contains more truth about the human condition and our ability to hate each other and ourselves, than everything else that has come out of Hollywood in the past twenty years.<br />Coming from a  fiercely jaded person growing up in the eMpTyV generation, desensitized to  most everything the world can throw at me, this movie made me cry.
0684847248|5.0|TRLT is not for those looking for quick and easy answers to life.  Dr. Peck makes no bones that life is indeed difficult and personal growth comes by working through it's tough situations.  Others may be turned off by Dr.  Peck's religious beliefs, I certainly did not agree with all of them.  Dr.  Peck does give a methodology for integrating one's personal beliefs and/or  standards with sound psychology, something I had not seen before.  Keep in  mind that this book was written in 1978, a first step for Dr. Peck on his  own RLT.  It is interesting and heartening to watch his growth in his  subsequent books, which he is refreshingly candid in sharing.
0671027344|5.0|&quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; was a gift from a friend.  It was one of the most truthful, and amazing gifts anyone has ever given to me.  It made me realize so many things about myself and others.  For all ages above 13, this book should be read.  My perspective on life is now changed, and I have passed on this treasure to many people, and they feel  the same as I did after reading this book.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Supernatural is a mesh of different styles of music that works.  Santana's special guests on this cd bring their own flavor to the music so if you looking for old Santana, you may be disappointed, but if you are up for a new approach and can appreciate all styles of music, I think you will enjoy this one.
B00000K3UR|5.0|the funniest movie according to the people is....  Big Daddy.  Adam Sandler is a great comedian and actor in this movie, and his pretend son is adorible.The only sick part is when they pee on a public building...I mean  who would really do that?   Other than that it is the best movie ever.
014028009X|4.0|A pretty amusing account of one woman's struggles. Her weight obsession, longing for a man, career developments, and family problems. I enjoyed this novel because although we wish it wasn't so, so many women are exactly like  bridgit jones. Overanalyzing details &amp; conversations, worried about  life, love, our jobs, body image; and trying to have a good time as often  as possible. I found this book amusing and would recommend it to anyone  looking for a light, silly read.
B00000I2G6|4.0|»New Jersey« is by far Bon Jovi's best album ever. The very album where the band has gotten far enough away from the poodle rock and before it faded into softcore poprock.<br />The album has the best moments of rock the  band can offer. Catchy songs like »Bad Medicine« and »Stick To Your Guns«,  the more sensitive »Living In Sin« and »I'll Be There For You«, and my  personal favourite »Wild Is The Wind«.<br />A great album offering splendid  1980's rock!
B00001OH7V|5.0|I love this album; it is one of Bowie's finest moments.  However, I liked the Rykodisc version better than the new version because it had the bonus tracks.  I don't understand what the previous reviewer is talking about,  when they state that the original sequence has now been restored with the  latest release.  The Rykodisc versions of Bowie's albums do give you the  ORIGINAL vinyl sequencing, with the bonus tracks added at the very end of  the original album.  It's not like Rykodisc placed these bonus tracks in  the middle of the original album tracks!  This person also mentions  something about having to program out the bonus tracks on the Rykodisc  versions, so as not to ruin the original vinyl sequence.  What world do  they live in!   Anyone with a few working brain cells can read the back  of the jewel case and see that then final album track is 'The Secret Life  of Arabia'.  And the bonus tracks are clearly stated as 'Bonus Tracks' on  the back cover.  So, for all of those who haven't figured this out:  All  you have to do is press the STOP button on your cd player (or remote) when  'The Secret Life of Arabia' is finished, and then you won't have to listen  to these so called 'god-awful' bonus tracks!  And, if you're really clever,  you can then, quickly, press the PLAY button, and start the album over from  the beginning - completely bypassing the bonus tracks.  So, unless you are  completely technologically inept, or just lazy, stop complaining about  bonus tracks ruining the flow of an album.  Most of us love to have these  bonus tracks!  I personally found the bonus tracks on the following  Rykodisc releases to be incredibly enlightening and enjoyable:  Hunky Dory,  Ziggy Stardust, Young Americans, Station To Station, Low, and of course  'Heroes'.
B00000I07Q|4.0|»New Jersey« is by far Bon Jovi's best album ever. The very album where the band has gotten far enough away from the poodle rock and before it faded into softcore poprock.<br />The album has the best moments of rock the  band can offer. Catchy songs like »Bad Medicine« and »Stick To Your Guns«,  the more sensitive »Living In Sin« and »I'll Be There For You«, and my  personal favourite »Wild Is The Wind«.<br />A great album offering splendid  1980's rock!
B000006OBQ|5.0|putting frank sinatra with quincy jones &amp;count basie is incredible.the music and the quality of the arrangements is breathtaking.his voice was magical that night.it was what a concert should be about alot of fun and  great music.
B00000GAGS|4.0|»New Jersey« is by far Bon Jovi's best album ever. The very album where the band has gotten far enough away from the poodle rock and before it faded into softcore poprock.<br />The album has the best moments of rock the  band can offer. Catchy songs like »Bad Medicine« and »Stick To Your Guns«,  the more sensitive »Living In Sin« and »I'll Be There For You«, and my  personal favourite »Wild Is The Wind«.<br />A great album offering splendid  1980's rock!
0451160916|4.0|I saw the original movie first, then read the book about ten years later.  The movie was terrifying.  The book itself merely suspenseful.  I was able to empathize with every character, especially Danny, who was caught up in  both his parents' struggles.  The subject of alcoholism was portrayed very  well.  It would've been interesting to learn, in detail, the background of  that hotel and its spirits.  But the book would've been way too long.  It  was cool who 'Tony' turned out to be.  Like I said above, this book is  suspenseful, but not one I would deem terrifying.  I think the movie outdid  it.
0195117298|5.0|A new, revolutionary theory that can keep you awake for quite a few nights after you read it! Either a freshman in Literature or a Professor in Physics, set your mind free and give yourself in it - the fact that I will  use the point of view and logic of this book in the Ph.D. dissertation in  economics I am currently writing says it all...
B000023VTQ|5.0|I LOVE this movie. I've lost track of how many times I've watched it, but I'm sure it's more than any other movie I have.  Warning for hopeless romantics -- it's addictive.  I enjoyed the characters and performances so  much that I'm thinking about buying a DVD player just so I can watch the  extra scenes on the DVD version of this one movie!<br />One thing that really  bugs me though (and I'll preface this by saying I like Julia Roberts) is  how many reviews and descriptions, including here on Amazon.com, advertise  this film as &quot;starring Julia Roberts&quot; or &quot;a Julia Roberts  film&quot;.  Well for you Hugh Grant fans out there, don't let that  misguide you.  While there is plenty of Julia Roberts presence in the movie  to satisfy all admirers, William Thacker (Hugh Grant) is the central  character of the story.  This sweet, adorable bloke is onscreen for all but  5-10 minutes of the 2 hour film.  And to borrow a phrase from the movie,  Hugh Grant is &quot;fairly fabulous&quot; in this role.
B000002AS3|5.0|For Oasis, 'Definitely Maybe' is their best album and representative of the sound I wished they had kept in following albums. However, having to conform to radio's top 40 standards has changed their overall sound into  the toned down Oasis that you hear today. 'Definitely Maybe' contains some  of the bands' best songs including, 'Supersonic', 'Rock n Roll Star', and  'Columbia'. If you like Oasis and have yet to hear their actual debut  album, I definitely recommend this album because it is their best.
B00000JPH4|5.0|A First-Rate Fantasy! Like the &quot;Star Wars&quot; trilogy, &quot;Legend&quot;, &quot;Labyrinth&quot; and many others, this fantasy-based film delights the viewer by taking us into another world  where &quot;Good&quot; and &quot;Evil&quot; must co-exist. This film will  delight both young and old. One caution: The film does an amazing job with  the dark and sinister characters and this may prove too realistic for the  very young viewers. (I think that many of us remember experiencing  nightmares from the flying monkeys in &quot;The Wizard of Oz!) The talents  of Jim Henson/Frank Oz and their amazing creative team are very impressive,  taking the puppet/muppet craft to new heights. The viewer is treated to  these characters in the form of the evil vulture-like Skeksis and their  oversized bug &quot;henchmen&quot; the Garthim, the chanting and mystical  &quot;Mystics&quot;, the wize wizardress &quot;Ogra&quot;, the Podlings,  Jen and Kira, the last of the Gelfings, and a host of other amazing  supporting characters and creatures. It is easy to identify with the film's  theme of Good vs. Evil as we watch the small and elfin-like Jen take on a  challenge that was prophesized long ago. We are reminded that we when you  belief in yourself, great things are possible! I would highly recommend  this film for all.
B000031WD9|4.0|As a 35 year old female, I had low expectations for this movie, but I loved it! I thought it was very very funny, and well-done.<br />Anyone who compares this to Porkies needs to rewatch them both. This is MUCH better  than Porkies. This movie had a heart.
B00000JCOV|5.0|The band Slipknot has come out with a brilliant masterpiece with their debut album.  Their brutal guitars, teamed with the screaming vocals, provides an overall mayhem that has never before been heard.  I honestly  can't see where any comparisons with Korn originate.  Korn has put out one  good album (debut) and all their songs seem to sound exactly the same.  And  I'm not sure if I can take Jonathan's whining and bitching anymore.  So the  comparisons with Korn can stop with Slipknot.  This band has burst onto the  scene and will leave its mark as one of the greatest metal bands of all  time.
0792839625|4.0|A Chorus Line has always been a favorite movie of mine because it has great music and exciting dancing. It can also be quite funny. Michael Douglas does a fabulous job as well as many of the other cast members. This  movie is very fun but should not be watched with a serious mindset.
6305079900|5.0|James Cameron's &quot;The Terminator&quot; is not only one of the best actionmovies ever made, it is also among the most influential sci-fi films of all time. Even films like last year's &quot;The Matrix&quot; were at  least inspired by the man vs.machine-story of &quot;The  Terminator&quot;.<br />From the beginning to the end, this film is packed with  incredible action scenes. It is especially wonderful that the action is not  just there for its own sake. The fine screenplay motivates everything that  happens onscreen. The film never lets up for one moment. In this respect,  it is superior to its successor &quot;T2:Judgment Day&quot;, which  sometimes pauses for the sake of unnecessary discussions about the  consequences of violence (Pointless in such an exhilerating spectacle). The  film made a major star of Schwarzenegger, because his role was ideal for a  man with limited acting ability. It also put director James Cameron on the  map. He went on to helm classics like &quot;Aliens&quot; and  &quot;Titanic&quot;.<br />Still, many people (myself included) believe that  Cameron never made a film that surpassed his &quot;Terminator&quot;.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I don't know how anyone can think that this album is in anyway quality material.  The fact that it is up for a Grammy leaves me speechless and in shock.  'Supernatural' sounds just like the same stuff Santana put out 20  years ago.  I am not saying that he is not an incredible guitar player, it  is just the same ol' stuff.  'Smooth' with Rob Thomas is the ONLY good song  on there; every other song makes you hit fast forward, especially that one  with Lauryn Hill (what were they thinking! ).  For die-hard Santana fans,  this album may please you, however I strongly recommend that anyone  thinking the album is full of songs like 'Smooth' should spend their money  on something else.
B0000024ZC|4.0|Three friends is abselutly a concept masterpiece (Three old school friends discover what there friends do to live ,one is a hardworker,the second is a teacher and the last one is a paint artist,i think someting weird appends  to the paint artist by the music at the end of the song &quot;Peel the  paint&quot;.Anyway they remember things of the past but its a cool concept  even if it is just three friends.Somehow,the music is just a beauty,surely  one of the best GG album yet!)
B000002J09|5.0|This is one of the best (if not THE best) albums ever recorded. Every song on it is great, and it never gets old. I am a 20 year old girl and I absolutely love Led Zeppelin, and this album is their best. And yes,  people, you can like more than one band. I love the Beatles and Pink Floyd  too, but that doesn't take away from how much I love Led Zeppelin and this  album. Buy it and you won't be disappointed!
6305095442|5.0|What a tour-de-force of outrageous gore and high comedy. Bruce Campbell puts in what can only be described as a brilliant performance. What is the point of remaking the first film - this is. It take all the best bits of  the first film (whcih is also amazing) and adds so much more. I never tire  of this film!
B00000J7S8|5.0|This disc is Diana's newest, if you don't have any other Diana Krall CD's in your collection, buy this and I assure you you'll be out the door looking for her other releases. I've been hooked since her first release in  the states, now I find myself checking all other CD's that Diana is on even  as a special guest, and there are quite a few. The title track is haunting  and soothing at the same time. My favorites on the disc are, &quot;Popsicle  Toes&quot;, &quot;I've Got You Under My Skin&quot;, &quot;I Can't Give You  Anything But Love&quot;, and &quot;Do It Again&quot;, these are the tracks  that stand out for me, but in all honesty there isn't a bad track to be  found anywhere. When you purchase this CD you'll find a bonus track hidden  among the other tracks &quot;Why Should I Care&quot;, this too is one of my  favorites. If you've never heard Diana Krall sing, which for me is hard to  believe, check out this disc, and I assure you that you'll be joining me  and countless others as a fan of Diana Krall.
B00002E233|4.0|Another film surrounded by hype - which turns into basically a stylish stalk n' splash affair. Comparisons with Jaws are to be expected, but ultimately this is a different kind of film. Sharks, for sure, and what  great effects,however marred by a dodgy script. The ending is another  cop-out in my opinion - but perhaps its because I always sympathise with  the &quot;monsters&quot; - after all they are just doing what comes  naturally!  Overall a good action film with great sharks - bring on Deep  Blue Sea II!
0964385619|5.0|Though I am only 21 this book has done something that no one else has been able to do.  It has sparked my interest in the financial world which is only going to help me reach my main goal.  Retiring early! It provides  wonderful insights to how the rich live and gives me hope that with my  hidden intelligence that I can do the same.
079073804X|4.0|A film which was banned - was there any reason? Looking at this film again (superbly made for DVD)I find it a mixed bag. On one hand I think it is a great film about relationships with some brilliant performances - the only  thing is that I don't find it very scary. Perhaps it is that I am not  religious in any way so the shocks that are implied through the demonic  imagery now just look dated. The Exorcist is not as scary as the Omen, or  indeed the Blair Witch Project - but watch the Flash trailer on DVD - it's  scarier than the entire film. This is not to say that I did not enjoy the  film, but it is not for the reasons why I usually like horror films.
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game is one of those works of Sci-Fi that actually fulfills the promise of the genre. Like Heinlein, like Asimov, Card doesn't go in for easy ethical solutions to problems. In fact, in this book, Card uses a  relatively easy story of the emergence of a hero to mask a scary and ugly  meditation on war and humanity. Like the more-famous and cinematically  mangled Starship Troopers, Ender's Game stakes out a middle ground between  hawkishness and antiwar preaching. The &quot;issue&quot; for lack of a  better term, is the use of children to fight an interstellar war they don't  even know they're fighting.<br />[PLOT GIVEAWAY BELOW! ]<br />The plot is  thus: Ender, the normal child genius protagonist, goes on the normal voyage  of self-discovery through military school. But, unlike more pedestrian  works of youthful self-discovery (Anne McCaffrey, anyone?), Card twists the  plot at the end, changing the tone of the whole book. Turns out that as  Ender advances through ever more complex video game combat simulations,  he's actually been commanding the actual Earth starfleet against their  alien enemies, and has managed to wipe them out. Obviously, implications  abound, and Card does them justice by leaving them tacit.<br />This is one  book I keep returning to in my mind, a decade after first reading it. It is  full of thought and unassuming complexity, and is as satisfying a read as I  have gotten out of trad SF.
6304014457|4.0|I sent off for this film a few days ago after learning so much about it. I became very intrigued and said to myself.  &quot;I gotta get this.&quot;<br />The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari is over 80 years old but the  plot, concept and characters, still work today.<br />I'm looking forward to  owning this film, it's an inspiration to me as a budding horror novelist  and should be an inspiration to film makers.<br />I ask, could this film ever  have a sequel or a remake for 2000? I wonder.
0679441018|1.0|I never even finished it I was so disppointed. Lestat is once again cast into a cartoon light. No longer interesting.
0767903811|4.0|It was a great book, with lots of amusing and interesting bits,as well as bits were you couldn't help but laugh.
B000006MV8|5.0|Definitely a five star album.  Todd Rundgren and George Harrison did a masterful job producing this band.  It's amazing to me that the sound is so seamless when two different producers were involved.  The extra tracks on  No Dice show that, when the band was given more say in the studio, they  sounded much more like a pedestrian rock band.  Rundgren and Harrison gave  them more of a pop sheen and turned songs like Day After Day, Suitcase,  Sometimes, Take It All, Perfection, etc. into classics that sound as good  today as they did in 1972.  Evans may not have been McCartney as a bass  player (and Gibbins certainly wasn't Ringo) but the overall sound was very  effective and let the songs and vocals shine.  There is not a weak song on  the album.
0884271153|2.0|I bought this book after reading Goldratt's &quot;The Goal&quot; and was a little disappointed. He presents the &quot;cloud&quot; and &quot;logic tree&quot; methods, but never really explains the procedure to use these  for yourself.
B000006MV8|5.0|I forgot to add that it is well worth it to get the gold disc version, as it really polishes this gem!
B000009QPE|5.0|Salutations to all of the admirers of this album.  Let us remember or realize that this is not a universally appealing album; it should not be.  I am certain that even the majority of its fans do not grasp its true  magnificence.  This is Slayer before all of the fans.  For the record, I  think that Hell Awaits is slightly better and even more difficult for the  &quot;average guy&quot; to understand and appreciate.
B000001G7O|5.0|There are not enough stars in the sky to qualify this record. I have heard lots of versions of this op.35, but one has to say that not even Heifetz puts the feeling that Mutter does. Even with Karajan as director (he sets  the orchestra too slow in the first movement) Mutter sets the feeling, the  passion on the violin part as no other has ever done. If you like this  concerto, you HAVE to hear this recording. Simply and absolutely  impressive.
B00003BE32|5.0|Having been fans of both heavier classical music and heavy metal for over two decades, it was positively astounding for us to see those two worlds merge into one in this great video.  We have always been partial to The  Call of Ktulu, Master of Puppets and For Whom the Bell Tolls, but watching  them performed here shed an entirely new light on the musical structure,  for the first time bringing to light what those songs actually contain.   And the new song, No Leaf Clover - well, you will just have to experience  it for yourself. Lastly it must be said that Metallica, in our view, have  never in their entire career performed as they do here. They have always  been good, on quite a few occasions terriffic - but this, ladies and  gentlemen, this has simply to be seen to be believed. A word of advice:  please view this on a powerful surround system and a big, quality monitor.  To reap the full benefits of this performance, we believe it to be  absolutely essential.
B000002UB3|1.0|I'll admit it: I'm not a big fan of the late Beatles.  I think they did they're best work between the teeny-bopper early years and Sgt. Pepper...which is to say, Rubber Soul and Revolver.  But a few months ago,  i was in my brother's room, and I said, what the hey, let's give the great  Abbey Road a chance.  I listened to it, twice, and honestly, I don't get  it. &quot;Come Together&quot; is a pretty good song, but the rest is slow,  soulful balladiering slush. It's just plain BORING.  I can only listen to  Paul sing like choir boy so long before I ache to hear George just pick up  his guitar and give us a blues lick.  This is the greatest rock n'roll  album of all time?  Hey folks, if you want to hear the Beatles play rock n'  Roll, listen to &quot;Hard Day's Night&quot;.  That's Rock n' Roll.  This...I don't know what this is...
0385484518|5.0|This book can get even kids to read! The type of literature is great as well as the words. Everyone should read this to get a lesson on life.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I thought this Album was totally great! I especially like 'Adam's Song', most of all. The only song that isn't that great is the first track, but it's not bad at all. I hadn't heard of this band until I watched 'American  Pie' and thought they were so cool.
B00000AFFF|5.0|You used to have 116 reviews. Now you say there are 115. I know I am not mistaken about this. As Stevie Wonder once said, &quot;When you believe in things you don't understand, then you suffer.&quot; Please help me  understand this.<br />Bacharach is the most underrated composer of this  century. He is better known for some of his weakest material, and Hal David  lyrics are very uneven. The material in here is very good. Not better than  in Burt's early A&amp;M records though.
B00000K22N|5.0|THE ALBUM AND THE BONUS CD ARE FABULOUS FOR MY COLLECTION.MICHEAL CRETU SHOULD DO THIS ON HIS OTHER BOTH ALBUM WITH BONUS CD ON IT.&quot;TAKE A DEEP BREATH AND RELAX&quot;...
6305627401|4.0|Not only is this highly amusing but I have met some Canadians and they really do speak like that.  Sorry, chaps.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I am going to buy this album eventually.  My friend just got it and it is far one of the best Metallica albums out now.  I strongly advise everyone to consider purchasing this album
B000002H33|5.0|This is one of the greatest cds ever there is never a dull moment. The cd starts out with Battery, the begining sounds like some spanish guitar melodys that makes you think that Amazon sent you the wrong cd somehow the  BAM!  It turns into a 200 mile bang with the guitars and drums coming in  at the same time. Master of Puppets is one the best songs on the cd (It's  about drug addiction). The Thing Should Not Be is the worst track but is  still pretty awesome. Sanitarium is awesome (from the point-of-view of a  mentally ill) Disposable Heroes is a really powerful song about war. Leper  Messiah is another good track. Orion shows that this guys know how to do  more than rip up guitars. And ends with Damage Inc another great song
B00002Z88D|5.0|All of the Metallica albums are good. (Beleive me, I know, I've looked around) but this one has to be one of their best.  It was a fabulous idea to start with to play with the San Francisco Symphony.  Even people who  hate symphonic music and love Metallica will like this album.  I would  strongly suggest that if you like Metallica alot, I would seriously  consider getting this album.
6305508550|4.0|What a funny movie!  And I mean funny in the sense of clever dialogue, witty characters, humorous jabs at work life, that kind of funny.  Unlike a lot of the gross-out comedies of late, (Austin Powers 2, Big Daddy,  American Pie, There's Something About Mary, etc.), this movie relied on a  humorous situation we could all relate to.  That boss or manager we all  HATE.  Those confusing mindboggling printer and computer programs.  When  your finger gets shocked by the metal doorknob.  These are honest laughs  that are cleverly constructed.<br />Of course, I would like to say that a few  of those gross-out comedies I DID LIKE.  I'm just saying that it's  refreshing when a comedy film comes out that doesn't use toilet humor or  sex jokes.  <br />I wish there could have been more features on this DVD,  though.  Aside from the trailer for the film, there isn't anything else.   By the way, I LOVE THE TRAILER!  Last January when I saw the trailer for  the first time, it was the first time I had heard Fatboy Slim's &quot;The  Rockafeller Skank&quot;.  It took me forever to find out what that song was  in the commercial.  Now it's my current fave.<br />Getting back to the flick,  I love Ron Livingston's everyman performance.  Gary Cole is continuing his  reign of comic hilarity as the boss &quot;Lumbergh&quot;.  I thought  &quot;Michael Bolton&quot; and his gangsta' rap was hilarious!  The only  underwritten cheesy role was Jennifer Aniston as the  &quot;girlfriend&quot;.<br />I would totally give this FIVE stars had they  developed Jennifer Aniston's character and if they had put &quot;The  Rockafeller Skank&quot; in the actual movie.  Love that song!
0684857219|5.0|The one thing that can really be a pain in sports science/nutrition/bodybuilding is the sheer amount of information flying about in workout books, musclemags, on the net etc. etc.  Often  workouts/cutting programs are cobbled together from many different places.   With this in hand, the task is much easier. Winges and gripes about  scientific faults in the text aside, this book is definately the most  concise about bodybuilding I have every read.  Mostly it is spot on and  above all it covers every facet of training in detail.
B0000025H4|5.0|I have listened to this album for over 15 years now and it still puts a smile on my face when Rob blasts one of his screams. This is THE live album to have.  I have friends that can't stand heavy metal and they ALL like  this album.  This album is true magic, do youself a favor and buy it!
B0000009UX|5.0|This is up with Sgt. Pepper's, Pet Sounds, Oddysey And Oracle, Revolver and possibly a very few more as totally on another level. Like all of Costello's works,you need to listen to this sublime, sophisticated  masteriece several times to realize how unique it all is. before jumping to  any hasty, premature conclusions. Every song is TNT..iT'S ALL HERE  FOLKS........
B000002J23|4.0|What a great BASS album! If you're a fan of this fantastic rhythm section.....please check DRAMA out. You won't be disappointed. As Rick Wakeman said, this was a very important album that brought Yes into the  eighties and set them up for the very successful 90125! A great recording!
0767819594|4.0|When it comes to a movie like this sometimes you have to take the good with the bad.  The first 45 minutes of this movie was awesome, but the last 45 minutes was a downward spiral into drunk logic.  Basically the plot  revolved around two rich and sexually charged step-siblings who use their  money and natural gifts for being persuasive to mold the lives of other  young people.  The plot thickens when the challenge of taking the virginity  of a young woman who pubically vowed not to have sex until she was older  presents itself.  The acting was pretty decent and all of the stars are  beautiful young people.  Reese Witherspoon steals the show with her role  playing the virgin with the vow.  One reason this role fits her so well is  that she actually looks like a &quot;little&quot; girl.  This film doesn't  have any real nudity but it is quite racy and vulgar for a film about young  people....however don't get me wrong the explicit nature of the film is  actually what makes it more appealing. If you like this film, be sure to  see  ELECTION also.
B00000K19E|5.0|I didn't go see this in the movies cuz i am not a keanu reeves fan. but boy do i regret that now!   luckily, i have a big screen tv and watched it on dvd.  this was one of the best movies made in 1999.  The plot, special  effects, and twists and turns of this movie made it such a fun and exciting  movie to watch.  it's one of the few movies i think i would buy on dvd...   that would be money well spent!
630528069X|5.0|First, I was blown away at the quality of this movie.  Very clear and smooth.  The difference between the trailer and the actual movie is incredible!  Second, the Dolby Surround in this movie is top notch!   Die  Hard is a &quot;you are stupid if you don't buy this&quot; movie.
B00001PE4D|4.0|This turned out to be a fun movie.  I was pleasantly surprised, it had gotten some negative reviews, most mentioning it's shortcomings in comparison to 'Dangerous Liasons' and 'Valmont'.  It's true it isn't in the  same league as those two movies, but it can stand on it's own as an  entertaining film, with good acting from Sarah Michelle Geller and Reese  Witherspoon.  Witherspoon is especially good, playing a much more likable  character than she did in 'Election.<br />I thought the video quality was  outstanding on the DVD.  The soundtrack was excellent also, both in terms  of sound quality and the songs on it.
B00000IKSC|5.0|LoOk AlL Ya'Ll BsB fAnS oUt ThErE....iF U rEaLlY LuV tHe BsB, u'D bUy ThIs ViDeO 'cAuSe ItZ gReAt.  ThE mUsIc Is WoNdErFuL aNd It TrUlY sHoWcAsEs ThEiR tAleNt.  OnLy ReAl FaNs WiLl EnJoY sUcH a PoSiTiVe DiSpLaY Of Our  BoYz!
B000002LOE|4.0|This is a great album. Right off the bat there are three great songs: &quot;Radio Song&quot; is catchy and quirky in its own way, &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; is, well, deservedly ubiquitous, and &quot;Low&quot; is just  subtly delecable. Although I don't favor the songs where Stipe's vocals  aren't too prominent, &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot; is still a cheery and  lively tune. &quot;Endgame&quot; is another of the band's keen  instrumentals, helped by Stipe's odd yet beneficial vocal additions. I  can't offer an unbiased opinion on &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; ever  since an... altered version of it appeared on Sesame Street, complete with  Stipe and the band jumping around with a bunch of Muppets. I guess it shows  that they're not ashamed to do that, but it still burned a strange image  into my head. I've heard complaints about &quot;Belong,&quot; but although  I cannot in the least comprehend the lyrics, it's still one of my favorite  songs due to the great (if lyricless) refrain and the kickin' background  beat. &quot;Half A World Away&quot; is great. Period. Hauntingly beautiful  and over far too quickly. &quot;Texarkana&quot; is... ok. I miss Stipe's  voice, although the strings are keen. I've never really liked &quot;Country  Feedback.&quot; I dunno why. Too twangy. Or something. But I can tolerate  it, and it's still better than a LOT of songs I've heard. &quot;Me In  Honey&quot; is another upbeat, cool song that is above average in every  respect.<br />Overall, this album is vastly superior to at least a few of  R.E.M.'s others, and also to a lot of the crud that's coming out  nowadays...
B00001QEBQ|5.0|Mulan is the kind of Disney movie that I've been waiting for for a long time.  As a father of a 9 year old girl, movies like Pocahontas and especially Hunch back carried fairly heavy handed romantic (and in the case  of Hunchback especially obsessive and sexual) undertones that made me, as  parent, uneasy.  Mulan was the first film in a while that wasn't centered  around a female lead striving for the affections of a man.  She was a  strong young woman who was protecting the health, safety and honor of her  father and her family.  It was really a step in the right direction to show  that a woman doesn't have to be driven by romance or the affections of  another to be a strong role model and a leader. I hope Disney takes notice  and considers this theme in future.
B000002NHN|5.0|Gimme a break. 211 reviews and still an average of 5 stars. Why am I even bothering?<br />Because I'm gonna get my 2 cents in, that's why!<br />What. A. Voice. This woman is incredible. Anybody who could give this album less  than 4 stars better have some serious justification, and you can bet it'll  be unique. This music is at times uplifting, vivacious, provocative, sad,  wow-inducing, or just plain beautiful. As much as people complain about  &quot;The Highwayman&quot; for its length, I will gladly listen to that  voice for 10 minutes. Or 50. Or 180. Plus, the poem is that long. What's  she supposed to do, cut it?<br />I don't think I need to say anything about  &quot;The Mummer's Dance.&quot; Wow. Oops, I said something.<br />Some of the  music on here makes me want to dance (very impressive considering I am a  white male who doesn't KNOW how to dance) and ALL of it makes me want to  sing along (albeit an octave or two lower). I'd pay good money for this CD.  Good thing I already have it.
0553296981|5.0|i think this was an excellent book written honestly and from the heart of anne frank at the time. there is no book that can better explain the emotional turmoil the franks and van pels (van daans) went through during  the holocaust, or any person for that matter. i would highly reccommend  this book.
B000003BEV|2.0|TO BEGIN WITH, ANYONE WHO DENIES THAT THIS WAS A TAKEOFF OF SARGEANT PEPPER BY THE BEATLES, TAKE YOUR BLINDERS OFF. EVEN WHEN THIS WAS RELEASED ON WAX IN 67,THE NUANCE SLEEVE THE DISC CAME IN(FOR ALL THOSE BORN AFTER  1970,BEFORE CD'S THERE WERE RECORDS)WAS A BLATENT COPY OF THE SAME SLEEVE  PEPPER CAME IN.(THAT'S OK THOUGH,PEPPER WAS THE ALBUM THAT EVERYBODY TRIED  TO COPY,AND THE STONES WERE NO EXEPTION)ANYWAY,THAT BEING SAID,YES, MOST OF  THIS ALBUM IS PRETTY HORRIBLE,BUT THERE ARE SOME DECENT TRACTS AMONG THE  RUBBLE,LIKE SHE'S A RAINBOW,LIGHT YEARS,AND THE LANTERN IS OK. SOME IS A  NIGHTMARE! MOST IS JUST PRETTY BAD,PERIOD!
0783225733|5.0|I have been a big fan of Apollo 13 ever since it was in the cinemas.  Like most people I always wondered what sections are true and what sections were added in by Ron Howard.  When you turn on the commentry by the Lovells it  makes it feel as if Captain James Lovell is in the room with you explaining  the movie.  He explains what sections are true and which were artistic  license.  Even if you are not a fan of this movie or own the VHS version it  is worth buying just for the commentry by Jim and Marilyn Lovell.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica teamed up with SF Symphony Orchestra so well that it made me a fan.  I don't know if &quot;enter Sandman&quot; is on there, but it's an awesome song!
0451160916|5.0|This book rocked!  King knows how to get into his characters head and make an awesome story.  I didn't think it was that scary, but that just might be me.  I highly recommend this book.
B000002UBU|5.0|At the outset I feel compelled to take issue with the Amazon.com editor, Steve Gdula's, review.  He calls the song &quot;Vincent&quot; -- how did he put it? &quot;Comparatively weak&quot;. I disagree violently. I think  &quot;Vincent&quot; to be superior to &quot;American Pie&quot; itself: not  so callow of outlook--I mean, the death of Buddy Holly WAS a tragedy but it  wasn't the Gotterdammerung, after all, and the temperament that would see  it so is just a little bit juvenile, don't you think? (In spite of this I  think it's a great song with vivid imagery and a wry wit) -- whereas  &quot;Vincent&quot; is not only exquisitely beautiful as poetry -- nothing  forced or awkward about it from a technical standpoint -- but what it says  is important as well: I think that no other poem or song so poignantly  captures the plight of the true artist.  The refrain --&quot;They would not  listen -- they did not know how; perhaps they'll listen now&quot;, changed  at the end to &quot;They would not listen-- they're not listening still:  perhaps they never will&quot; -- is almost painfully sad, and nothing but  the honest truth about the way the &quot;general public&quot; or the  &quot;common man&quot; approaches Art (Capitalized!) in general.  The image  the song creates of an artist striving to reach people, yearning for their  understanding and acceptance-- in a metaphor equating it with unrequited  love -- is a brilliant and psychologically true stroke. And the bleakness  of the thought that despite the beauty of his creations and the struggle  and pain he underwent, most people continue insensitive to his -- or  indeed, most-- Art-- is conveyed in rich and powerful imagery.  Now, all  the songs on this album (with the exception of &quot;Everybody Loves Me,  Baby&quot; I must admit) are of this ilk:  deep, intellectual, alienated  and yet longing to connect.  The feeling of not belonging and of  disillusionment is strong in most of the songs (&quot;Winterwood&quot; and  Sister Fatima&quot; for example).  Even his rendition of the one song he  didn't write -- the tradional lament &quot;Babylon&quot; -- is excellent:  he neither changes nor embellishes it, and the simplicity of his canonic  treatment is perfect and moving. There is an inchoate yearning and  bittersweetness to his lyrics in general, and his music matches  beautifully.  His performance is splendid. Music and lyrics for people with  brains as well as emotions: an example where &quot;popular music&quot; can  be at the same time the highest art. A classic album. A final note, for  those who may not have known it:  the song &quot;Killing Me Softly With His  Song&quot; was written about Don McLean.
B00001QGPR|3.0|He has a long standing music career, His own internet service, and now an awesome video game. David Bowie stars in Omikron: The Nomad Soul. I know this is a review for the CD &quot;Hours&quot; but I can't talk about the CD  without talking about the game. This is a great game with great music. All  of which was done by Bowie. I have never listened to the &quot;Hours&quot;  CD but I know that all the music from &quot;Omikron&quot; (excluding  ambient music) made it on to &quot;Hands&quot;. Needless to say I am buying  it.
B00000251N|5.0|When I was about 7 or 8 my father introduced me to this album, after he saw the movie, and I fell in love with it instantly. The music and the words make you feel a kind of exuberant joy from the inside out, and you  feel like soaring with each note, just like Jonathan. The words, message,  and music are powerful. After our family dog &quot;ate&quot; our vinyl copy  in the mid 80's I thought I'd never find another copy, but here it is on  CD. Hearing the soundclips brought tears to my eyes, for all the memories  they evoked. I highly recommend this, if you want to be inspired and  uplifted in the best musical way.
B0000060NA|5.0|This album is a joyful, exausting tour-de-force of musical styles from one of popular music's greatest geniuses.  Stuff like Innervisions may be stronger, but nothing beats this album for sheer number of great songs in  one package.  Just beware of the version that comes in the single-CD case:  for some inexplicable reason, Motown chose not to include the second  booklet of liner notes, leaving you without lyrics and credits for half the  songs.  Stick with the thicker, double-CD case.  Still, you can't go wrong  with this album!
B00000IAU3|5.0|So you can't live without the latest teen releases? Well,try out Dido's &quot;No Angel&quot; anyway.  I'm speaking to you as a fan of MTV and pop music.  &quot;No Angel&quot; an almost unclassifiable sound that you can  really get into regardless of taste.  &quot;No Angel&quot; is emotional,  sassy, angry, and loving all in one album. This is where to find out what  you're missing-a talented artist with a beautiful voice who writes her own  music!  So keep listening to Britney Spears if you want-but there's room in  anyone's music collection for this work of art.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I'm a large Metallica fan, and I have thier CD S&amp;M, and it ROCKS!   I heard about when VH 1 was doing one of thier 'Behind the music:  Metallica.'  After the story, they said next on was a LIVE performance,  done by the powerful SFO and the mighty Metallica.  When it started, I was  blowen away!   The way the band and orcresta blended in was incredible!  I  didn't think SFO would be able to keep up with Metallica during the  some  of their speed songs, but they pulled it off.  And the reaction they got  from the crowd was amazing, like your auctually there!  If your a Metallica  fan, this is a buy!
B000002KIE|5.0|I think the title speaks for itself...
0425170349|5.0|Clancy has done it again. after his bestseller hits Patriot Games and Clear and Present danger, this Military expert takes us to the scene of his challenging story. How an international anti-terrorist strike team would  work and what kind of opposition they would face. The book is a page turner  filled with realistic accion that leaves you at the edge of wherever it is  you read. If you are a Clancy fan you will be comforted by the appearance  of John Clark and Chavez.
0385484518|5.0|I read this warm, wonderful and truth-laden book not long after recovering from a recent heart attack. After having come so close to being in Morrie's position, I can easily concur with his discovery that we need to let all  whom we love know it as soon and as often as possible and that we should  feel free to literally wollow in this love and closeness before death has a  chance to sneak up on us. This and other messages contained in this very  human, no-nonsense, lovingly-told jewel are pertinent, universal and  eternal. Get it.
B00000IOSU|5.0|My god, I think I've been missing out on something big here. I bought this CD kinda on a whim after hearing Adia on the radio and Angel on the City Of Angels soundtrack, and what an investment?  And you're saying this woman  has been around for over 10 years? She sounds so fresh! The two songs that  are having this aforementioned weird effect on me are Hold On and Fear. The  fact that this is a live performance CD is unbelievable 'cos her voice does  not falter at all, and it's convinced me to go out and buy the whole  collection. My advice to anyone would be to buy this CD 'cos it's just fab.
B00000ADG2|4.0|I think Lauryn Hill is a talented artist, but I don't think the album deserves as much props as it got. I love the songs &quot;Lost Ones&quot;, &quot;Superstar&quot;, &quot;Every Ghetto, Every City&quot; and &quot;The  Miseducation...&quot;, but all the other songs get boring after a while. I  hardly ever listen to this CD and I think it's because the disliked songs  weigh out the liked ones. I recommend it with caution. I suggest borrowing  a friend's to get a real feel for it, then make a decison from there.
B000002NG7|5.0|Faith No More was a band, in my opinion, that got consistently better with every album. It's a shame that their best album was also their last. It's not everyday that a modern album automatically becomes one of my all time  favorites but Album Of The Year is just that.
0688171664|5.0|This book is the most impressive, encouraging, moving, inspiring book I have read thus far (I'm 31). It's not difficult. It's just big. It covers a gigantic range. Word up, people...the motorcycle journey is a frame for the  interesting stuff, and allows us a short break while we process. They start  low, running away. They climb. The climb gets tougher, then tops out with a  gods-eye view of NOT the world as in planet Earth, but of life, the  universe and everything. Too much for mere mortals such as us puny humans  to endure, so what goes up must come down. Reach journey's end, and it's  time to turn round and go home. And so the cycle (no double meaning  intended) continues. Pirsigs message is, I think, this; the ultimate  metaphysical truth is beyond our understanding - that is why it ('Quality')  must be held undefined. Pursue it with our feeble mental capacities, and  you will be declared insane (that's what happened to Pirsig, he was  institutionalised, and got BIG voltage to the frontal lobes). The best  advice he can give us after surviving this experience and, incredibly,  still being able to write, is use your own judgement - 'What is good,  Phaedrus, and what is not good - Need we ask anyone to tell us these  things?' Nobody's ideas, notions, beliefs are absolutely true, they are all  relatively true; relative to when we are, where we are, who we are.  E=mc2.I'm sorry not everybody loves the book, but I cannot tell them  they're wrong. Abandon shallow ego goals and open your mind to the sound of  one hand clapping. Art &amp; science aren't opposed opposites, they are  both useful tools when you understand what they can do. Robert, thank you  for your loving gift of this book. You will always live in my heart.
B00000JCOV|5.0|A compilation of possessed evil at its best.  Slipknot is taking over metal as we know it with no looking back.  I not only recommend the purchase of the album, but I recommend catching them live as well to truly  capture the madness.
B000002MUW|3.0|Bedtime Stories has to be Madonna's most underrated work. It's truly breathtaking to hear her music transition from smooth, authentic R&B to the electronic and totally brilliant Bedtime Story. With the exception of the title track, this is probably Madonna's most dated album, as she co opted the predominant R&B sound that radio formats at the time were beginning to embrace. Despite this, Bedtime Stories stands as a testament to Madonna's fierce savvy and brilliant pop sensibility to style any genre of music to her liking and project it with such authority to make it thoroughly her own.
0385484518|1.0|After reading this book I could only conclude that the great publicity this book has recieved is the result of a follow-the-pack mentality.  Although the basic message is good, it is nevertheless simple and could  have been more efficiently told in a tenth of the pages.
0792151712|4.0|This movie was really good the first time I saw it, in the theatre. It was even good the second, third, fourth, and fifth times at home. And when I just recently watched it again, I stayed awake. If you've never seen it  before, then you are in for a treat. Most of the world is sick of Titanic  by now... Including me, for the most part- at least I'm not one of the  people that goes around criticizing it a whole lot for something that isn't  it's fault: People making such a big deal about it. That's why everyone is  so sick of it now. But one thing that I'm not sick of, not after hearing it  a hundred-plus times, is the music. James Horner is just fantastic. Without  the music, this movie would not be worth seeing. With the music, it is just  amazing. Of course, you could just save some money and time and get the  soundtrack. But it is so amazing- the music is so wonderful. So, I'll say  it again, if nothing else, get it for the music.
6303471714|5.0|Cindy's tape is GREAT!   The workout really strenghtens your arms, abs, hips and thighs.  This tape is not for beginners, but if you want a serious challenge this is the tape for you!  Great music!
B0000029DD|5.0|Funny thing about \\"Grace\\"-you either love it profoundly or you've never heard of it and don't care. I guess that's Jeff Buckley's eternal punishment for being truer to the art that is music than he was to the  business of the same name. <br />Though it has taken me years to admit it,  \\"Grace\\" is not for everybody. Buckley's delirious fans certainly don't find  \\"Grace\\" depressing, yet those who don't get it will endlessly brand it  such. It is the direct opposite of a party record (though I do believe  Buckley had a party record in him, had his life not been cut short).  \\"Grace\\" does what its title hints at: It swims into the grey intangibles of  existence, knowing full well that there are no easy answers to be had. In  one sense, it is a testament to toughness.<br />It is also a testament to  musicality. Buckley was not only a vocal and compositional genius, but a  sort of backward guitar hero-he was actually such a strong guitarist that  his challenge was finding trickier (and more interesting) ways to play  standard chord progressions. If you don't believe me, try figuring out the  guitar part for \\"Last Goodbye,\\" arguably the simplest song on \\"Grace.\\" One  of Buckley's most astounding attributes is that he scores equally high in  execution and emotion; &quot;Grace&quot; is a prime example of form with  function.<br />Of course, guitar-talk is irrelevant. What matters about  \\"Grace\\" is that it, like love or good red wine, will change your life.  Forgive what will sound like hyperbole, but listening to \\"Grace\\" is  interacting with the supernatural; the more I listen, the more convinced I  am that Buckley knew he would die soon and would only have time for one  full-length album. While the number of death references in the lyrics is  downright spooky, it undeniably contributes to the power of the listening  experience.<br />Perhaps the bottom line on \\"Grace\\" is that it turns the rare  trick of sucking the listener into a collective. By making the personal  universal,Buckley recorded an album that will never become unimportant.  Buckley sings, \\"Drink a bit of wine, we both might go tomorrow,\\" in the  title track, and I will die believing he was talking to me.
B00000APLB|5.0|You get 2 for the price of 1 and, in addition to a handful of classics, it's the only place to find live versions of many of these songs. Lots of great blues and R&amp;R.
B0000028UK|5.0|I think it is the best Cd in the world andso does my girlfriend. I am going to give it to heron like tuesday or wednesday of next week. She is so sweet
B000003BF4|5.0|This is classic Rolling Stones at the peak of their powers. Great bluesy rock'n'roll, including the classics &quot;Honkey Tonk Women&quot;,&quot; Jumpin' Jack Flash&quot;, &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot;, a couple of  nods to Chuck Berry (&quot;Carol&quot; &amp; &quot;Little  Queenie&quot;)....A &quot;no-brainer.&quot;
B000003TA4|5.0|I love this CD with all my heart. I wish everybody could hear this masterpiece. When I first heard Nirvana's Nevemind it changed my views on music forever. This heard this album it influenced me so much. this has to  be the most influential piece of music ever made. I truely cherish  Nevermind. Today, even about eight years sinc it's initial release I still  enjoy the excellent punk riffs on Nevermind. This album is the bands  greatest acheivment, it showcases their finest work all on one album. This  CD is great music from beginning to end. I admire the band and Kurt Cobain,  even after his suicide.If you have any comments on my review, and your a  Nirvana fan please e-mail me at Dawn@net-power.net and let me hear your  responses.
0790733226|5.0|I have never seen a movie that capitvated my mind like this one did.  The symobolism and ideology poured from the screen.  I sat around for hours with my friends discussing time and space, heaven and hell, religion,  faith, and the realities of science.  Carl Sagan should have his  masterpiece reviewed in every philosophy class out there.  It isn't the  aliens that draw you into the story, its the combat between science and  religion, and the realization that both need to fall back on a little thing  called faith.
B000002VC3|5.0|Eye In The Sky is The Alan Parsons Project at their very best, and if you haven't heard from everyone else who has listened to it, I will tell you again: BUY THIS ALBUM! You definitely won't be disappointed. The music was  way ahead of its time when it was made, and even today the depth and feel  of the music is unmatched. Standouts include &quot;Eye In The Sky&quot;,  &quot;Silence And I&quot;, &quot;Psychobabble&quot;,  and &quot;Old And  Wise&quot;.
0783225881|5.0|This movie should appeal to every baseball purist and nostalgic american out there.  It cuts to the core of the american relationship between fathers and sons.  It is about simpilar times, and apple pie dreams.  For  anyone out there whose ever dreamt about a major league at bat, or yearned  to act freely upon an emotion, here is your salvation.  &quot;Baseball,  Ray, Baseball.  It reminds us of what was good, and can be again.&quot;
B000002VCU|5.0|The Turn Of A Friendly Card is a great album, and while not quite as great as Eye In The Sky, it is definitely very good, so I gave it a 5 anyway. Their excellent use of symphonic instruments and deep lyrics (beautifully  sung I might add) make for a stunning combination. My favorite tracks  include &quot;Time&quot;, &quot;Games People Play&quot;, &quot;The Gold  Bug&quot;, and &quot;Nothing Left To Lose&quot;.
B0000399WI|5.0|I can watch this movie a hundred times and still marvel at Tim Robbins character.  His portrayal of a man who would not loose his humanity or his hope in light of the travesties of prison life is legendary. The greatest  crime ever commited was that this movie didn't win an Oscar.  Morgan  Freeman deserved an Oscar for his work in the film as well.  This movie is  truely a work of art.
6303965415|5.0|This is a brilliant Austen adaptation--one that Jane herself would have been proud of. It's romantic, bittersweet, subtle, and has a great stable of acting talent in it. It unfolds slowly, but with absolute deliberation.  Not to miss!
B00000J7J4|5.0|great great. Sends a chill in my body. listen twice and it gets you. have not heard any thing this good in years welcome back carlos. long time santanna fan. this is long overdue worth the wait.
B00001W9G0|5.0|The Way We Were on DVD is a must for any Streisand fan. The quality is excellent, allowing the viewer to watch the film over and over, without worry about tape damage. The colors and the images are sharp, and the  widescreen format let's fans see everything in the frame. But the real  prize is hearing the &quot;hmmm-hmmmm...&quot;, opening to the title song,  that's remastered digitally, so it sounds like Barbra is in the room  singing it! The inclusion of the documentary is another plus! Including  interviews with Barbra, Sydney Pollack, Arthur Laurents,the Bergmens and  Hamlish. The documentary also includes deleted scenes from the movie, so  one can finally figure out the real reason Katie and Hubbell break-up! You  won't be sorry with this investment!
0930289528|5.0|This is truly the finest graphic novel I have ever read. Taking place in England while a police state rules in the near future, a mysterious hero arises to free the populace from their physical and psychological cage. I  have read this graphic novel three times already, and each time I see new  symbols and different faucets to the text.<br />The art is oftentimes harsh  and truly difficult to view--it takes a while to get used to, but it is  truly great in that it perfectly matches the subject matter.<br />If you care  anything for comics, you must read this novel. If you care anything for a  wonderful story about heroism, freedom, and anarchy rendered by wonderful  art, you must read this novel.
B000002KET|5.0|One of the best cd's ever made....just thought the guy who wrote the review before me should know that this album came directly after &quot;Vol. 4,&quot; and not &quot;Master Of Reality.&quot;  Get your facts straight  before you write a review.  You cannot think of this as a direct link to  &quot;Master Of Reality&quot; because there is a key transition into a  different era of the band that you are missing.  This is a much different  approach than &quot;Master Of Reality,&quot; and although  &quot;Master&quot; is also excellent, I'd have to say Sabbath is at their  best here.
B000002KCC|5.0|A beautiful, bitter masterpeice of the hippie dream careening down a dark road to hell. It stands with Lennon's &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; as the primal scream therapy of rock and roll and it is as powerfully glorious as  the music of Mozart in it's perfection. <br />I am not kidding!<br />Not everyone  will &quot;get it&quot;, and that's ok. It makes me no smarter nor you more  dumb. Liggeti or Verdi or even Ludvig is not everyone's cup of tea, either.  Sufice it to say that this is music that should easily stand the test of  time as it's themes are timeless. And as with all great music the enjoyment  is enhanced by knowledge of the history surrounding it.<br />Just one more  thing: Where the hell are &quot;On the Beach&quot; and &quot;Time Fades  Away&quot;? It's time that these two are returned to those of us who  appreciate them.
0385472951|2.0|I started this book with fervor and hunger and ended with a &quot;toss out the window&quot; of the book and a vow to find a new author to follow. In his haste to complete this book John Grisham forgot that readers are not  dummies and that we expect the author to be true to his characters and his  audience. After reading this book, I've taken a long pause from Grisham. .  .
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple isn't for everyone.  If you enjoyed her first cd, you'll like this one too.  I love her first cd Tidal, and was waiting patiently for her second.  The style is basically the same, which is a good thing.  She  doesn't change with the time like some artists, but that's the good thing  about her music.  She has a certain style.  And if you're a true Fiona  Apple fan, you'll like her new cd, especially I know.  If you actually read  the lyrics, you'll be amazed at the quality of content.  I find that her  music soothes and relaxes me.  It's pretty deep.  And those that don't like  her music, then don't listen to it.  Get a life!
6305603847|4.0|The DVD itself makes good use of the 5.1 Dolby Digital Surround sound and brings forth the music of Pink Floyd the way it should always be heard...in full force.  The image quality is quite excellent compared with the meagre  offerings of the decade and a half previous release.  Its a must have for  any Pink Floyd fan, or music enthusiast.
B000031WD9|5.0|Look, it may not be a masterpiece but it is a wonderful throwback to those old 80's films (you know, back in the 1900's...). A talented young cast, with a raunchy script. I always thought that the advertisements that  claimed this to be the next &quot;Something About Mary&quot; were unfair  and unfounded. This movie is not about shock and more about wit; Wit that  comes with youth. A better comparison could be made with those early John  Huges or Cameron Crowe films. Just kids doing life as best they can...and  screwing up along the way. I dug it. The DVD extras are nice. More  important, the unrated version clearly illustrates just how truly  ridiculous the MPAA can be.
0767802659|3.0|Thus far, there are, (that I know of) three films adapted from the science fiction works of the late Robert A. Heinlein.  This one, The Puppet Masters, and Destination Moon (an old affair which was hailed for technical  accuracy more than anything else).  I cannot say I've read the book, but I  LOVED the movie.  <br />Another reviewer commented that &quot;Heinlein would  weep&quot; if he'd seen this, or somesuch.  I also saw the other two films  mentioned above, and read The Puppet Masters.  The Puppet Masters was a  good movie, but having read the book spoiled the experience, since it  really didn't follow the book very well, especially at the end.  I think I  would have enjoyed the movie if I hadn't read the book first.  <br />This  seems to be a recurring theme in film adaptations of Heinlein's work.  So,  in short, it's a good film; if you haven't seen it, see it.  If you also  want to read the book, you might want to wait until AFTER you've seen the  movie.<br />This film contains blood and gore, people being shot or ripped to  pieces, and a little frontal nudity, (but it's not gratuitous).<br />And if  any movie-makers are reading this, we need someone to make Stranger in a  Strange Land, and The Moon is a Harsh Mistress into movies.  And please,  please, PLEASE... follow the books!  Thanks!
6305311463|4.0|What? you mean you took this seriously? the movie is pure eye candy and fun. But the reason it gets 4 stars from me...the DVD Criterion Edition is amazing. Every Ad, to the intricate details of the special effects. Good  carnage...great extras
0425098478|5.0|At a glance, &quot;The One Minute Manager&quot; looks to be aimed tward second graders.  From the 16 point font used as text in the book to the use of very simple language such as &quot;Once there was a bright young man who  was looking for an effective manager...&quot; you might think this book  wasen't worth your time, but it is.  The ideas told in the book are great  ways to manage everything from your job to your family.<br />The simple text  used in the book is  just one way for the author to say, if this makes it  easier for you to understand the content, I'll take the extra step.  The  reason the book sold over 7 million copys worldwide is because of the  authors ability to teach the fairly difficult to understand concept o  management in simple easy to understand terms.<br />I recommend &quot;The One  Minute Manager&quot; to anyone who  really wants to &quot;get more done in  a less amount of time&quot;, &quot;reduce stress&quot;, &quot;simplify your  life&quot;, and &quot;help you find peace of mind.&quot;
0385311400|5.0|I was very disappointed to read some of the negative reviews of 'Drums of Autumn' regarding the extension of Brianna and Roger. I did not feel that they detracted from Jamie and Claire: they are a natural progression of the  story. This book  was just as rivetting as the 3 before it. Many are the  times I have read deep into the early hours of the morning, absolutely  absorbed. A neighbour loaned me the first book in the series, 'Outlander'  (called 'Crosstitch' in Australia). On my way to France in September I  bought 'Dragonfly in Amber' at Sydney airport and while in Paris I was able  to get 'Voyager' to read in the plane on my way home (23hour flight). I  hate to think that one day these wonderful tales will end. Get those  fingers moving, Diana, we are all impatient for the next one ....and the  next....and the next!
B000003S0I|1.0|I read the reviews before purchasing the Lark' Tongues in Aspic' and regret wasting my money on this album.  The Crimson's time has come and GONE. Think twice before spending good money on this old heavily dated  sonic experiment. Repetative sounds bytes that lead nowhere is the theme of  this album.
6305546797|5.0|Halloween is the original horror, and Carpenter made fear fun again! On Halloween night, Laurie(Jamie Lee Curtis) and a group of her friends become the victims of Michael Myers, an escaped mental patient. He comes back to his hometown to finish what he started several years back, to kill. It's a  great &quot;gasher movie&quot;, without being too bloody or rediculous. It  embodies all horror genre without being boring.
0425170349|5.0|Rainbow Six is an excellent book that is jam packed with action. The action starts out right away, so it doesn't keep you waiting. This is a great book to read.
B000002UJQ|5.0|It isn't easy to explain Radiohead music, especially for me ( my English is not very good ).I only know that the emotions I feel when I listen to Thom Yorke voice are special! OK COMPUTER is the best album I've ever heard  and ... Thom is one of my dreams! That's all!
B000021Y77|5.0|I dont think I can actually say enough about this movie to tell you how fantastic and perfectly grand it was to watch. I think having over 50 customer reviews with an average 5 star rating says it all! I bought the movie just off the basis of my friends reviews, and now the movie is on my top ten list of the best movies I have seen. The cinematography, the plot, the music, the actors....all were excellent. I couldn't find a single flaw or even a \\"they should have done this...\\" This one is just too good to miss.
0440234743|5.0|From the moment I began reading it, I was spellbound. I could not put it down. I usually turn in early, but for some reason I could stop reading. Th characters seemed so real. Nate was a gem. It was nice to see him really  try be be a decent human being after all the pain he had caused. The book  showed another example of how greed can turn some people in to monsters.  The Testament is one of the best books I have read in ages.
6304196938|5.0|Self-assured Madison Avenue ad exec Grant inavertently gets involved with international spies when they mistake him for someone else. His problems are compounded when he's framed for murder.The movie where Grant and Saint  dangle from Mount Rushmore and a plane chases Grant through farm fields. An  exceptional performance by Grant plus plenty of plot twists (which are  mixed with tongue-in-cheek humour) make this one of Hitch's most  entertaining films (some say his best). Laserdisc includes letterboxing,  digital soundtrack, Hitchcock interview, production and publicity photos,  storyboards and the original trailer.
0767903811|4.0|Not many books make me laugh out loud, or laugh so hard I can't tell my other half what's so funny.   The description of a day at the beach, and getting out the Christmas decorations were wonderful...a humorous look at  family life as well as the oddities of American culture.
6300181553|5.0|Most likely the best film ever to be inspired by a song. For many years, Crosby's 1942 recording of Irving Berlin's perennial WHITE CHRISTMAS held the record as the best-selling single of all-time.  Astaire and Crosby are rival song and dance men who decide to work together to turn a Connecticut farm into an inn which is open only on National Holidays......The seemingly self-defeating idea makes for instantaneous success in this delightful fluff-fest!  In the subplot, the boys are in conflict over the affections of the same girl (Marjorie Reynolds). Re-made as the lacklustre WHITE CHRISTMAS, this little film is entertaining and good fun; the appearance of the lovely and charming Marjorie Reynolds (she is dubbed here by Martha Mears) is definitely a plus............Incidentally, the music here was supplied by Der Bingle's little brother -- Bob Crosby and His Bobcats!   A thoroughly enjoyable nostalgia - flavoured flick from a bygone era.
1570427496|3.0|Having read both The Notebook and Message in a Bottle, I eagerly awaited Mr. Sparks' newest book.  I really enjoyed the first two - my measuring stick - how many tears shed!  A Walk to Remember was mediocre. It was easy  to read and short, but did not hold my interest at all.  The characters  were not appealing and the pace was too slow.  I will definitely not run  out to buy his next release.
6304539258|5.0|A young hero, a captured princess, a hot-shot pilot, cute robots, a vile villain and a heroic and mystrerious Jedi knight blend together with marvelous special effects in a fantasy tale about rebel forces engaged in a life or death struggle with the tyrannical leaders of the Galactic Empire. One of the biggest blockbusters of all time, this movie set a new cinematic standard for realistic special effects; making many pre-STAR WARS effects seem almost laughable in retrospect.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This is a fantastic CD. I keep one CD in the house and one in the car. I have not listened to metallica in years, but when i heard no leaf clover on the radio I had to get it. I could not believe how great the combination of  Metallica and the symphony are (I had my doubts). I was not disapointed. It  is a must buy! I also like having the option of buying a clean version (I  have two small children).
6300216268|5.0|Cult classic pairs Cort as a dead-pan disillusioned 20-year-old obsessed with death (his staged attempts at suicide are a highlight) and loveable 80 year old eccentric Gordon. The two meet at a funeral (a mutual hobby) and soon they develop a &quot;taboo&quot; romantic relationship in which they explore the &quot;meaning of life&quot; with a fresh perspective. The script was originally the 20-minute long graduate thesis of UCLA student Higgins, who showed it to his landlady, wife of the film's producer! Features music by Cat Stevens. Unique and unforgettable.
B00003A9QL|5.0|This is a fantastic CD. I keep one CD in the house and one in the car. I have not listened to metallica in years, but when i heard no leaf clover on the radio I had to get it. I could not believe how great the combination of  Metallica and the symphony are (I had my doubts). I was not disapointed. It  is a must buy!
6304119046|5.0|This extraordinary film is an American tragedy of a newspaper tycoon (loosely based on William Randolph Hearst) from his humble beginnings to the solitude of his final years. One of the greatest films ever made, this is a stunning tour-de-force in virtually every aspect, form the fragmented narration to breathtaking, deep-focus cinematography; from a vivid soundtrack to fabulous ensemble acting. Welles was only 25(!) when co-wrote, directed and starred in this masterpiece. Three-laser disc edition was reproduced from a superior negative and features liner notes and a running commentary from film historian Robert J. Carringer. Watch for Alan Ladd in a bit as a reporter.
6302649943|3.0|...the ending is what Mr.King wrote in the book and what they had to work with, and the ending was kind of lame in the book too, but because it was just written words on a page you could imagine it/IT a lot more scarier  than what the film makers could ever make.
B00000K2UX|5.0|The memories of Top Gun for me were Kelly McGillis and Kelly McGillis ( oh yeah, the soundtrack was just as awesome, too)! Also,I can't forget that the c.d medium was only three or four years old and MTV was at it's peak  with soundtrack videos.<br />Top Gun was like the upgraded version of the  Flashdance soundtrack; A little more rock and more pulse. I remember  friends scoffing at me for buying Flashdance; It wasn't a cool guy  soundtrack to buy. Then, three years later, Top Gun came out and the music  was very much any young guy's dream to fly with the best and appreciate his  gender. Even the ballads were not just chick songs; Everybody loved  them.Take My Breath Away from Berlin was one of their more memorable hits  (sadly, their last). I was never a Kenny Loggins fan, but with the right  music, lyrics, and producer his contributions were very well accepted.  Almost forgot that Miami Sound Machine and Teena Marie were on a hot streak  with their own hits; Adding them to the Top Gun soundtrack roster was a  major plus.  The added bonus tracks on the Expanded Edition are timeless  and treasured classics (minus the Jellybean Re-Mix and Harold Faltermeyer  instrumental). For what it's worth this was one helluva ride back in '86  and ongoing. Too commercialized ? ...Nah ! Top Gun ( Expanded Edition) gets  all the Stars and Stripes it deserves for the music and great memories as a  teenager in the mid 80's !
0385495315|4.0|Yes.  Singh again accomplishes his self-set task of opening and making intelligible a world most find at best ponderous and at worst impenetrable.  His brief history of encryption methods and means of penetration of the  same is both easily read and satisfying for those at almost any level.  (If  you think you're too knowledgeable about the subject, check out the cipher  decryption contest in the back of the book.  If you still think the book  too elementary, you probably work for the NSA.)  My only complaint is that  the book is not as complete as some (including myself) would like.  But it  satisfies the desire to learn about an arcane and interesting subject, and  yet it served to keep me up late reading rather than getting me to nod off  in the middle.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|'When the Pawn' is an outstanding CD.  While it contains popular music hits, the best parts of the CD will never make mainstream radio charts, mainly due to a few language issues, which are far outweighed by the superb  music.  The lyrics are at times harsh, but definitely true to life,  especially for generation-x listeners.  Interesting instrumentation and  scoring are in my opinion the highlights of the album.  Fiona exemplifies a  true musician with the complexity of her melodies and submelodies.  I  recommend this to anyone that enjoys good music, regardless of their  favorite genre.
0156465116|5.0|This little story is not just for children at all. I first read this book when I was 14, and I have probably re-read it more than 20 times since, once even in the German translation. It is simply beautiful and true.
0553211978|4.0|The story describes the development of a young girl, Catherine Morland. She is the daughter of a clergyman, not very rich nor especially handsome or clever. At the age of seventeen she is allowed to go with Mr. and Mrs.  Allen to Bath, were all the upper class of England spends the holidays. She  meets there a plenty of young people, for example John and Isabella Thorpe,  Eleanor Tilney and her brother Henry. They all become friends, but John and  Henry take a deeper interest in Catherine. She has to make up her decision:  The young student John or the earnest reverend Henry, and soon it's clear.  Catherine goes with Eleanor and Henry to stay for a visit at the abbey  where they are living with their father, Captain Tilney, while Isabella  ingages with Catherines brother James. As Catherine has read many novels  about misteries (f.e. &quot;The misteries of Udolpho&quot;) she expects to  find something puzzling and amazing in this old abbey. Everywhere she looks  for a strange thing, but never finds anything. Even Henry tells her once  how stupid she is to believe in such things, and now Catherine has a more  realistic vue to the world around her. But then she receives a letter from  her brother James where he writes that Isabella has left him, and moreover  Catherine has to leave the abbey because Captain Tilney has found out that  she isn't as rich as he thought and because of that not adapted to become  Henry's wife. Through all these experiences Catherine grows up, and at the  end of the story she is a very different woman than at the beginning.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I first heard Diana Krall on a television special on PBS I believe and I instantly knew I had to have her music in my house.  I won't make this a long review, I am sure most people are busy, but this music is wonderful.   She has a very soothing voice and the arrangements of the songs are  wonderful. My favorite is Popsicle Toes, the melody, timing and lyrics make  me smile.  The title track is hauntingly beautiful and I feel like she has  actually lived this song.  This is a must buy for anyone who enjoys music  they can put on and just &quot;be&quot; with.  Diana Krall has a new and  loyal fan in me.
0590353403|5.0|Harry Potter is such a good book, I loved it.  Harry Potter was so good I couldn't stop reading this great book.  It was filled with lots of good detail.       Harry Potter is a boy who was stuck in a closet for ten years, but one day he found out he was a wizard.  Tons of great characters  are in this book.
0553213105|5.0|This was the first Jane Austen book I read and after reading some of her other works, it is still my favorite Austen of all time. P&amp;P is interesting and so well written. Some people think that classics are a bit dry and something you only read in school. P&amp;P is not one of those novels...it has life and the humor in which Austen writes will make you smile and dare I say..laugh out loud! This is one of my beloved books that I reread often.
0374384576|5.0|Hello Guys! I am twenty-three years old, and I enjoy reading and especially writing. For those of you who read..Welcome! Everyone has their own tastes in books. When I was in fifth grade, my teacher would read to us. Sit us all in a circle while she read to us. The most memorable book that I recommend to read in a group is, &quot;The Witches&quot; By, Roald  Dahl. To me this book took my mind right into the character. I became the  child who hunted the witches. I enjoyed how my teacher read to us because  she had so much emotion in her voice. I recommend that you share this book  with everyone when reading.
0684867621|5.0|Steve, Steve, Steve, I didn't want to put this book down. I skipped my overtime at the mill so I could get back home and find out what Trisha was going to do next. When I finished the book I cried like a baby. Like a baby Steve. You know how that makes me look? My family no longer respects me  Steve. I lost my job because I missed two overtime shifts. Now all I can  picture is Trisha on that road standing up to that 400+ lb thing looking  down at her. It's like a Norman Rockwell painting in my head that wont go  away. Seriously folks, this is a great read. Get it for someone you care  for.
B00000K0DT|3.0|The Usual Suspects has been one of my favorite movies. The performances are excellent, the plot fiendishly clever, and the direction sharp.  When this film was re-released on DVD in December,  it was at the top of my  Christmas list. Unfortunately, I was disappointed by the very bad  &quot;pixelization&quot; that can be seen. This happens mainly in dimly-lit  scenes; because this is most of the movie, it happens often. I am surprised  that a movie so beloved by film buffs could be given such poor treatment.
0553260111|5.0|The absolute best of Robert Ludlum.  Could not put it down.  Need to pay attention to keep up with the characters and plot twists.
B000002HAF|5.0|&quot;They begin with a scalpel, and finish with a chainsaw...&quot;  Those were the first words a friend of mine said upon my introducing him to The Pixies in 1990.  i had first heard them when arriving late to work at  the Tower Records on Ventura Blvd. one Sunday morning in late 1989.  It  took a track or three... &quot;Where Is My Mind?&quot; was the reeling  after i took the bait; proverbial hook line and sinker.  If Lour Reed and  Neil Young had children, they would be The Pixies.  Infused with the  influences a generation tried to shun, they were archtypal punk rock --  attitude, volume, sharp riffs, and _seeming_ none-sensical lyrics (upon  first listening).  The Pixies ARE rock and roll.  &quot;Grunge&quot; before  the Seattle wuss'es came onto the scene; &quot;Punk&quot; before punk was  cool -- and perhaps one of the only authentic punk since The Ramones took  stage at GBGB's in 1975; and pure rock and roll like no one else had  attempted in almost a decade -- and now a decade past.  They lived longed  enough to show another generation that music, particually rock music, is  not about videos, hair, posing, and soundbites on eMpTy V.  It is attitude.  It is two guitars, a bass, and drums.  Just ask their godfathers in Crazy  Horse and The Velvets.  Black Francis says it simply on &quot;I've Been  Tired&quot;:  &quot;'I wanna be a singer like Lou Reed', 'I like Lou Reed,'  she said, sticking her tongue in my ear...&quot; [q.v. Lou's &quot;Lisa  Says&quot; about the tongue in the ear.]  This album is as good a place as  any to start.  &quot;Doolittle&quot; [2nd album] and &quot;Come On  Pilgram&quot; [original ep] would be the others.  The latter two have  perfect shining moments, but are not the capsules of sound and light of  these first trio.  Thank you Frank, Kim, Joey, and Dave; you have made the  soundscape of the world a richer place.  The Pixies are the greatest rock  and roll band of the last generation.  One of the Greatest _EVER_.  And so  far, unsurpassed by any since.nsurpassed by any since.
0393038912|5.0|I could not put this book down. I have read some great thrillers by Greisham and others, that were less compelling than this brilliant examination of 13,000 years of human interaction over the world and the  impact of this interaction on the environment, world history and the  various species populating the earth, past and present. I must say that it  has added a dimension to my perspective of the history/evolution of the  human species. Jared Diamond's scholarship meets, in my humble opinion, the  very highest standards. The breadth and depth of his research is  staggering. This is certainly one of the best books I have read in many,  many years.
B0000035GN|4.0|Bakesale is my favorite Sebadoh disc, but that's only in comparison to Harmacy. If III is that much better, I'd be pleasantly surprised. Almost every song on this disc is a good listen, albeit sometimes less aggressive  than some may expect, or nosier than others enjoy. For me, this album  reaches to both ends of my tolerance spectrum and hits most of it dead nuts  on.
0140067477|5.0|This is a delightful book which conveys the spirit of Taoism very effectively. If you are the kind of person who goes gung-ho into something, you shouldn't read this book, because it is only half the truth. But if you have a good balance with the other half, this is a great book to help you  relax your mind and free yourself from counterproductive struggling against  the way things are.<br />The Taoist philosophers were not, in general, very  successful people. Taoism tells us a lot about being content, and tells us  nothing about accomplishing goals. Both skills are important.<br />I'm the  author of the book, Self-Help Stuff That Works, and I'm an expert on what  works and what doesn't. The perspectives Hoff presents in this very  readable little book are, without a doubt, highly effective in producing  contentment and relaxation. The skill of taking those perspectives when you  need to is a valuable skill. This book can help show the way. I recommend  it.
B000002LIX|5.0|I have to argue with the reviewer that said that Three Days is overlong.  This has been my favorite song for years.  I have never heard anything like it in its ability to transcend from one musical type to another so  flawlessly.  Everytime I hear it it sends shivers up and down my spine.   Dave Navarro is an absolutely amazing guitarist- definitely up there in the  top five best ever- and very underrated.  It's an absolute shame that we  don't hear much from him lately.<br />Bottom line:  It's a great album, though  not my favorite (that honor falls to The Afghan Whigs' Black Love) but a  great album all the same.
B000001E21|5.0|&quot;Retro Active&quot; is classic DL with a bunch of hits usually not heard on radio.&quot;I wanna be your hero&quot; and &quot;She's too tough,&quot; are the best from this track.  I must say, if DL can make  great albums from B-sides, than they are truly a great band! The only  complaint I have is that they have &quot;Miss You in a Heartbeat&quot; and  &quot;Two Steps Behind&quot; on here a bit too much.  Hey, we like the  songs, but do we need to hear them more than once on a CD?
6301963717|5.0|When I first saw this movie I got lost and didn't get it.  My friend assured me &quot;just watch it again, it's great&quot;.  So about a year later I watched it again and it was like watching a different movie.  I  payed very close attention and started to get wrapped up in the complex yet  intriging story.  Yet after the second viewing I still wasn't completly  convinced that I had followed it to a tee.  So I watched it again a couple  of nights later.  Wow!  It seemed to get better and better everytime I  watched it.  And after the 3rd or 4th viewing I felt I had gotten all there  was to get.  It is now, my favorite movie of all time.  You could see how  this movie got snubbed at the Academy awards, especially when 'Goodfellas'  and the 'Godfather 3' were out the same year.  All the Academy members  couldn't follow it the first time either I guess. But it is truely a better  movie than both of the two traditional mob films mentioned.  Far more  original and stylish.  This movie is so good, that the Academy of motion  pictures owes the Coen brothers a formal appology for over looking what is  clearly their best work and one of the best films of the decade.  My only  question is when is it coming out on DVD?
B0000025BL|1.0|I will readily admit that I bought a copy of this album back in 1978.  I was a freshman in high school and very impressionable.  This album was everywhere so, like the rest of the cultural lemmings around me, I bought  it, and bought INTO it hook, line, and sinker.<br />Recently, I dug out the  old vinyl (12' inch round platter with a small hole in the center) to  relive that time and spent every moment of it laughing in disbelief.  I was  not really expecting to be taken with it all these years later,  after all  tastes do change, but I was not prepared for just how monumentally horrible  it was going to sound some 20+ year down the road.<br />These songs are BAD,  and I mean this in the traditional sense of the term as in terrible,  wretched, stomach churning.   What's even worse is the pompous production  which manages to drown out any vague melodic interest that might even be  lurking underneath it.  But all these factors together do proved a certain  level of entertainment.  Like that campy horror movie from the 1950's it  can, given the right setting, produce howls of laughter brought on by  moments of unintended humor.
B000002UW1|5.0|This album is flawless from songwriting to tune to performance.  This REM album set a high water mark which has only been approached by &quot;Automatic for the People.&quot;  <br />&quot;Document&quot; slightly  surpasses the excellent early REM albums, but the real reason for that is  that the band is one of the most obvious example of musical evolution.  REM  as a band has been in a state of flux since its formation, and the early  albums, though fine work on their own, seem to be striving towards this  fully realized album.  (We won't go into the subsequent REM albums and the  thought that evolution is not always moving foreward, sometimes it is just  moving...)<br />The biggest reason this album is perfection is its coherence.   Many albums have no unifying concept or theory, so they are a collection of  songs.  Which is OK.  But this album is more than that.  It is an artistic  piece which holds together as a thematic meditation as well as a bunch of  awesome pop/rock songs.  For evidence of this, just take a listen.  (My  praise of &quot;Automatic&quot; largely rests upon the same theory.)   <br />But despite all the mastery REM shows here, you can still put this CD on  at a party and people will be thrilled.  Songs like &quot;It's the End of  the World...(etc.)&quot; are crowd pleasers without being trite or  beat-heavy.  <br />REM changed the direction of music, I think, and this album  is a good reason why.  Buy it and be very very satisfied.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is an adolescent who has an affair with an older mysterious woman who suddenly disappears. Several years later, they meet again, in a courtroom where she is sentenced to life emprisonment for the crimes she commited as a guardian in a concentration camp. From there, his destiny  will be the one of a whole generation of Germans who have to face the guilt  and the shame of the horrors their parents commited.
B000002H72|5.0|This essential recording is the Pixies at their best!  It captures every strength that the band had and is light on their weaknesses.  I have always thought of it as the soundtrack to my troubled adolescence.<br />The trademark  fuzzy frenetic sound that the Pixies pioneered is all here, as are their  fantastic post-modern lyrics.  Frank Black has his best sorta evil, sorta  hysterical performance on this album, and there is even a poppy kind of  oeuvre here with &quot;Here Comes Your Man,&quot; which is so infectious  and so dark that it will have you humming ominously in the 7-11, scaring  the guy with the Slurpee behind you.<br />A must for anyone who is still a  little bitter.
B000005JAK|4.0|The standout of this album is &quot;Don't want to know if you are lonely&quot; which is truly the greatest song ever written about a break-up.  It is haunting, snarling, spewing frustration and anger, yet has  a great melody.  It is as concentrated a rock song as any that has ever  been performed and it ends exactly when it should, not an half second too  long.  If you have ever been dumped by a girl/boyfriend, listen to this  song.<br />The remaining songs are not the equal of &quot;Don't want to  know&quot; but are still quite good.  They reflect a lot of pent up emotion  and have good tunes.<br />This is the album that Nirvana wishes it could have  made.  4 1/2 stars.
B000003BF1|5.0|There seems to be some dispute on the consistency of this album -- does it hang together enough to number among this fantastic band's best?  I say yes.  The songwriting here was exploring new directions and here we see the  Stones on their own terms, not stuck in the shadow of the Beatles.  I find  what some may deem inconsistencies merely new avenues, and though I am  bound to love &quot;You Can't Always Get What You Want&quot; best of all  (sentimental reasons), I think that the Stones have done some of their best  work on this album with interesting arrangements on &quot;Gimme  Shelter,&quot; etc.  As for the country-fried sound on some tracks, I think  that, though they are not to my taste, they enhance the album as a whole,  and give this great piece some dimension.<br />A must for any collection.
B00000J7J4|5.0|As a frequent hip-hopper, I found that I could really enjoy every aspect of this CD without forsaking my rap roots and it also help me to appreciate older music and artists.  It made me desire to buy older music from Santana  and other artists of his era, so I could appreciate them also.  Thanks  Santana for an important musical event.
068484267X|5.0|This memoir has made the greatest impression on me of anything I've read in years!  The title is an enigma to me though - it was only during Frank McCourt's &quot;60 Minutes&quot; interview that I heard the anecdote about  Angela's ashes.  She was very much alive at the end of &quot;Angela's  Ashes&quot; in my version.
0553565915|1.0|I had high hopes for this book, being a fan of Raymond Moody's works.  But as I read this book I couldn't avoid the belief that I was being sold a pile of goods.  I don't believe it.
6300183211|5.0|This has to be the best movie that I have ever seen.  Not only because Al Pacino is such a great actor but also because of the great fighting scenes.
B000001F7R|4.0|Def Leppard were a workingman's band when the five members began their journey in the late 1970s, lumped together in the trendy New Wave of British Heavy Metal with bands like Iron Maiden, Saxon and several others. Leppard, which has changed so much over the years, both sonically and in its band lineup, has persevered through a lot of problems, even as the press sometimes ripped them and fans became fickle. (Funny how selling a gazillion albums, as well as touring nonstop every few years, will somehow keep a band active and relevant.) While the Lepps hail proudly from Sheffield, England, the guys wanted desperately to break big and become noticed the world over right from the start, especially in the U.S.<br /><br />\\"On Through the  Night\\" is by leaps and bounds Def Leppard's most spontaneous and uncalculated of records, and it might be the group's  brashest effort. Soundwise, this fairly obscure debut is miles away from later mega-selling commercial efforts like \\"Hysteria,\\" but its rock-heavy vibe and great musicianship speak volumes for the band's potential right off the bat. Recorded many moons ago by five British metal heads obsessed with women, drinking, drugs and blowing their collective eardrums out, \\"On Through the Night\\" remains a supreme recording, undoubtedly a defining record in terms of what was to come during the rest of the '80s. The fresh sound, hungry spirit and great songs on this album never received the benefit of TV or much radio airplay to support it, which made Def Leppard a kind of grassroots band early on. It pays to remember that this was well before bands like Poison and Winger bombarded radio and MTV with their lesser brand of wasted rock and roll. The musical talent of each Leppard member is what truly stands out here, especially the lightning-quick drum style of Rick Allen. (Check out his playing on \\"Rock Brigade,\\" \\"Sorrown is a Woman\\" and \\"Hello America\\" and tell me the guy couldn't play.) In some ways, the 17-year-old Allen stole the show on Leppard's debut. Singer Joe Elliott sounds spry, young and, best of all, natural. The now-classic twin guitar attack of Steve \\"Steamin'\\" Clark and early guitarist Pete Willis is urgent and stellar, especially on songs like \\"Satellite\\" and \\"When the Walls Come Tumbling Down.\\" Produce (Colonel) Tom Allom, who also produced Judas Priest at times, obviously just let the boys do their own thing, unlike future Def Leppard projects where spur-of-the moment playing was thrown out the window in favor of getting the ultra-perfect take every step of the way.<br /><br />With scaled down expectations, talent and a solid constitution to handle future band catastrophes left and right, Def Leppard made a lasting album that they should be proud of even today, despite the sea change of sound in today's rock and roll. In fact, the fairy-tale rocker \\"Overture,\\" which features unbelievingly psychic lyrics that practically brace the band for its own tradgedies to come, is the essence of pure rock and roll -- wild, free, epic and heartfelt. The studio frills might be nonexistent here, but then again, Def Leppard is arguably a superior band when studio excess gives the right of way to raw energy and genuine emotion.Leppard's debut. Singer Joe Elliott sounds spry, young and, best of all, natural. The now-classic twin guitar attack of Steve \\"Steamin'\\" Clark and early guitarist Pete Willis is urgent and stellar, especially on songs like \\"Satellite\\" and \\"When the Walls Come Tumbling Down.\\" Produce (Colonel) Tom Allom, who also produced Judas Priest at times, obviously just let the boys do their own thing, unlike future Def Leppard projects where spur-of-the moment playing was thrown out the window in favor of getting the ultra-perfect take every step of the way.     With scaled down expectations, talent and a solid constitution to handle future band catastrophes left and right, Def Leppard made a lasting album that they should be proud of even today, despite the sea change of sound in today's rock and roll. In fact, the fairy-tale rocker \\"Overture,\\" which features unbelievingly psychic lyrics that practically brace the band for its own tradgedies to come, is the essence of pure rock and roll -- wild, free, epic and heartfelt. The studio frills might be nonexistent here, but then again, Def Leppard is arguably a superior band when studio excess gives the right of way to raw energy and genuine emotion.
B000002J2B|2.0|Simply- the sound is bad. OK there are some good songs, but all in all previous albums are much better.
B000001DVD|4.0|Enter Robert John \\"Mutt\\" Lange on Def Leppard's second try, a producer known for his studio refinement on some albums, and getting the most out of his talent. The pumped-up sound and production heard on \\"High 'n' Dry\\" is evident immediately on the fat metal intro to \\"Let it Go,\\" a classic, and continues on through each headbanging assault. This CD boasts rugged hard rockers, sheened just enough by Lange to great effect. The songs are boldly one-dimensional, loud, straightforward. The lyrics are simple and also direct, mostly relegated to partying, good times and problems with the ladies. Amped-up backing vocals take center stage on such songs as \\"Let it Go,\\" \\"Another Hit and Run\\" and \\"Bringing on the Heartbreak,\\" the latter song setting the stage for future heavy metal ballads by a dizzying array of metal bands from the 1980s, most of which would be inferior.<br /><br />All this thrusty headbanging makes later efforts like Leppard's [[ASIN:B000001DV2 Adrenalize]] a complete puzzle. This is a classic rock, riff-heavy metal album, actually quite hard rocking by any band's standards. There's an energetic raunchiness evident on songs like \\"You Got Me Runnin'\\" and \\"Lady Strange,\\" while \\"On Through the Night\\" (the song, not the debut album by the band) is a heartening rock 'n' roll drama that defined the band at that point; on the song, Joe Elliott screams, \\"You never win if you never try!\\" which I suppose is true enough. \\"Mirror Mirror\\" provides a glimpse of what's to come on [[ASIN:B000001F2V Pyromania]], but this album is totally of its own personality in the Def Leppard catalog. Too bad American versions of \\"High 'n' Dry\\" left off the awesome \\"Me and My Wine,\\" one of Leppard's most raw songs ever, with a very cool and funny video to boot. Find \\"Me and My Wine\\" on the [[ASIN:B000OWDCEU High 'n' Dry [Japan Import] [Picture Disc] +2 Bonus Tracks]] disc.<br /><br />To sum, this band's initial work was characterized by a genuinely robust twin guitar attack, chopping, well-spaced drums and a wild lead singer who usually sang voraciously about nothing. At this point, Def Leppard was knocking on superstardom's door and people were heartily listening, banging their heads in time to the beat and pumping their fists into the hungry air of the early '80s.and a wild lead singer who usually sang voraciously about nothing. At this point, Def Leppard was knocking on superstardom's door and people were heartily listening, banging their heads in time to the beat and pumping their fists into the hungry air of the early '80s.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD rocks!  Santana is an extrordinary musician who transcends time and generations of fans.  The collaborations as well as the standard Carlos Santana songs are very enjoyable.  I especially like the cuts with Dave  Matthews, Wyclef, and Eagle Eye Cherry.  This is one of the coolest Cds I  purchased in 1999!
B00002E23H|1.0|I absolutely loathed &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot;, a cheap, CGI-bloated, and haphazardly written &quot;Jaws&quot; derivative!  This piece of cinematic dross ranks up there with &quot;The Matrix&quot;, &quot;The Haunting&quot;,  &quot;Blair Witch Project&quot;, and &quot;Phantom Menace&quot; as one of  the most overhyped duds of 1999.  Samuel L. Jackson should know better than  to squander his talent as he most certainly did in this outing!
B00000K19E|4.0|The special effects are thrilling, and the story is quite original, although it belongs to the general genre of &quot;machines-take-over-the-world&quot; scheme. I loved it (all 10  times!), and I was mostly captured by the superbe effects and all that  magnificent action. However, these are the only memories the movie has left  me with. I just remember the big jumps and the extraordinary kicks - maybe  cause I only see these from now on, when I play the DVD! Maybe the  &quot;boring scenes&quot; should have had more depth and leave an imprint  in the viewer's memory, just like all the action. In any case, it's a great  movie, that introduces the new entry-level action all movies of this genre  should have from now on!
0790737345|5.0|I've watched this movie over and over again. Brad Silberling, the director, has done a miracle himself and he isn't even an angel, so I think. This movie will dig down and bring to surface many emotions within  you.  It's not abotu the &quot;which one's&quot; but rather &quot;the  how&quot; that intrigues me.  Usually with any given moive there is a plot,  climax, and your good old ending.  There are very few moives that can  portray many climaxes and still follow an orderley plot.  Each step of this  moive evokes a hard to express feeling which by the end will have you in  &quot;ah&quot;.<br />  All this talk and I haven't said what the movie is  about.  In short it's about Angles overlooking us and their thoughts and  emotions about &quot;life&quot; in general.<br /> There are few people that  say this movie was a clone of &quot;Wings of desire&quot; which too is  about angels and was made in Germany back in 1988 or so. I personally think  that movie is on another dimention and was targeted for a much more older  and mature audiance.  In other words for people who've gone through much of  their life time and now like to sit back and reminisce about the old  days.....<br /> By the way &quot;wings of desire&quot; is mostly in German  and french with english subtitles which can distract some of the  monolingual viewers :)<br /> City of Angels on the other hand is easy for  all ages to grasp and enjoy watching and is sure to leave a great  impression on you.  So stop what you're doing call your girl/boyfriend  man/women and watch this moive.  And if you end up hating it then don't  blame me just blame it on the rain.
B00000IQBM|5.0|It's much more than a great horror film, it's a wonderful work of art! It has sense of humor, inteligence and refinement - something that we don't find in regular horror films. If you like any of Stanley Kubrick's films  you'll certainly love it (pay atention in its use of sound). And in this  new release (not just in DVD, but in VHS) we can see also the original  trailer (a masterpiece in itself!)and a short (and very good) making of.
6305546789|4.0|Penned by John Carpenter and Debra Hill in 1978 neither writer would never have realises how famous this slasher flick would become. To date several sequels have been added to its original, which are not half bad to say the  least. Enough about that it is time to review Halloween in detail. This  film to be quite honest, scared the wits out of me. Michael Myers,  institutionalized for the murder of his sister escapes 15 years later. His  doctor (played by the late Donald Pleasance) makes every effort to catch  the psychotic killer before anyone falls victim to him. Jamie Lee Curtis  (her debut movie) plays Laurie Strode, the person Michael Myers is mainly  after. this film is very exciting, full of surprises and I was very pleased  with it. The music really sets the scene of a crazed stalker killer coming  to kill and kill again. Get out the popcorn leave the lights on when you  watch this movie! It's not for the fainthearted.
B000007S5B|5.0|This is definatley the best Doors album ever from the beginning of Hello I Love You to the end of Five to One. Jim Morrison's lyrics are amazing while Ray Manzarek and John Densmore's playing set the mood for the album and  Robby Krieger's guitar playing is great as usual. The best songs on this  album are Love Street,Not to Touch the Earth,Summer's Almost Gone,The  Unknown Soldier,Five to One,andMy Wild Love. This is the best album by the  best band ever.
0446364495|5.0|The story unfolds through the eyes of children after the death of their mother.  Everyone on this earth has their secrets.  Some are never told -- some, like this one, are revealed on a persons death.  These children were  now grown -- and could understand their mothers intense feelings.  The  version I saw on T.V. was beautifully acted out.  I can still remember the  emotional impact it had on me.
B000002WYT|5.0|the best band on earth, great guitar playing, great back up from the band, and wonderful lyrics, especially the songs about his dog. He knows how to melt my butter, when I grow up I want to be exactly like dave. Until then I  will just act like him... exactly.
B00000DMJF|3.0|The above rating is not for the quality of the Beatles' performances. The album rates up there with Sgt. Pepper, Revolver, Rubber Soul and Abbey Road.<br />Let me then explain why it deserves the rating. At the time of its  initial release on vinyl, the music portrayed an encyclopedia of music  styles: from hard rock (Helter Skelter), to blues (Yer Blues), to jazz  (Honey Pie), to country (Rocky Raccoon), to Beach Boys surf (Back In The  USSR). <br />Its cover was inspired by the white art of Yoko and individually  numbered like works of art. In fact number 1 has recently turned up. Then  in 1987, it was released on CD on two separate discs packaged together in a  longbox.<br />Then later it was repackaged in a double CD clamshell which was  the start of its downfall. It listed the songs for Disc One, and then Dics  (sic) Two. As far as I am aware this gaffe still exists.<br />Then we come to  this latest repackaging. Yes, it was a nice way to commemorate the 30th  anniversary by presenting it in a mini album format complete with gatefold  sleeve, poster, and four mini pictures of the Beatles. However, one begs  the question: why wasn't it remastered?<br />Sgt. Pepper was to be remastered  in mono for its 30th anniversary. That was pulled much to the fans  displeasure. Then the execs at Apple didn't want to pass up on the White  Album, so they simple dressed up the packaging, charged extra, and left the  remastering circa 1987!<br />Why not put out the mono mix? Piggies, Blackbird,  Helter Skelter, Don't Pass Me By have subtleties that would sound  refreshing today.<br />In fact, Happiness is A Warm Gun in mono corrects a  mixing error left in the stereo. The instrumental bridge actually had  John's middle 8 sung over it. He actually sang that twice. However, in  mixing out the first one for the stereo they didn't do it completely  because you can hear the last half of the word &quot;down&quot; before he  repeats it. The mono mixes this out completely!<br />As I have stated before,  the Beatles catalog demands an overhaul. Maybe if enough fans complain,  we'll see it happen!
6305657947|4.0|Although I must admit I was a little disappointed with this film, it still goes down as one of the best &quot;robbery&quot; films I ever saw. I suppose I thought there would be more actual robbery involved, but the  &quot;Die Hard&quot; director carefully tries to keep the actual museum  scenes more character driven than big action. And it works! He allows  Brosnan to actually &quot;act&quot; during the robbery, which is rare in  todays action films. What really make the movie however is the on-screen  chemistry of Rene Russo and Pierce Brosnan. Russo steals the show playing  out of typecast as an over the top bounty hunter in the art world. Her  prey: Brosnan as a very rich amateur thief who steals not for money, but  for fun. Russo's scenes with Dennis Leary as the police  detective are also  prove her acting abilities, and the fact that this film was incredibly well  cast. As long as you don't begin by thinking you're going to see a  high-pace action film like 'Entrapment&quot;, you'll enjoy this film for  the light drama, great acting or fun art-robbery plot that it has.
B000020617|5.0|The drums on CD was played by Taylor Hawkins. The drums are so clear that you ever heard. This guy really played it well in the recording. He was a former drummer of Alanis Morissette's band. And the vocal of course is  Dave. He sang it with passion. And he is great influenced by Kurt Cobain.  The song NEXT YEAR &amp; M.I.A. are well performed in the studio. If you  are a drummer you must buy this CD to have a listen. Because Dave and  Taylor are both nominated for the all-time best drummers. Remember they the  Foo Fighters.
0440178002|5.0|This book is magic put on paper.<br />This is the first book (in sense of the timeline) in Clavell's Asian saga, and details the adventures of John Blackthorne, and English sailor, who drifts into feudal Japan by  accident.<br />James Clavell is one on the greatest storytellers of the 20th  century and it comes through in every page of this book.  Clavell writes as  if he had actually lived in Japan in the seventeenth century.  His  characters, both the Japanese and English come alive, in his pages and in  your mind till you almost refer to them as real people.<br />The plot and  subplots weave together and create a tale that is an epic unlike any other  historical novel.  When you finish this book you'll feel as if you woke  from a dream in which you were in feudal Japan, sharing in the adventures,  tradgedies and triumphs of the chracters, you'll wish that it hadn't ended,  you'll wish that it were more than the 1100+ pages it already is.<br />I  cannot recommend this book highly enough, it is a masterpiece that I will  never forget.
B000021XR5|3.0|Undoubtably, listeners will liken this Cd to STP's Core. And while Down does in fact start off with the same ferocity(and the same melody) as Dead and Bloated,the band then goes on to weakly try to continue into the  musical foray they started with their ultimate Cd(Purple) &amp; the quirky  Tiny Music...but they just don't hit. Sour Girl (which could be a single,  if you A&amp;R guys are looking)&amp; No Way Out are strong cuts. Glide is  smooth, and has classic rock expectations, but sounds too much like Still  Remains from Purple.MC5 is tough &amp; the Cd ends, oddly enough, on a  Doors-like tripper called Atlanta. Not bad for a guy who can't stay clean  or out of jail.It certainly beats 12 Bars &amp; Talk Show (although I still  like Everybody Loves My Car). Keep plugging guys!
0679735909|3.0|This was an interesting novel.  I found it boring in some spots because it was all poetry.  I did not mind the poems at the begining of the chapters, however the poems that lasted entire chapters made me loose my  concentration.  I thought the postscript was an interesting ending however  I did not like the ending of the novel.  I felt that there should have been  more with Roland and Maud.  I did not like the quick conclusion and minimal  information about the relationship that Roland and Maud had.
0812550706|3.0|I read this book about my senior year in High School and was very impressed.  I think it is probably worth your reading if you are heavy into Sci-Fi.  Card has an amazing mind and Ender is one of the most original  characters in fiction.  I haven't read the sequels, but given the free  time I might.  I give the book 3.5 out of 5, but I favor more Asimov style  Sci-Fi.  If your into the whole political/military-future thing you might rate it higher.  On the down side;  This book will tend to wear you  out at times.
0140157352|5.0|It will help you in every aspect of your life where you have to iteract with others.
B000002LGQ|5.0|I could go on all day about how great Madonna's music is but it would get boring. All of her albums are five stars except for a few (Erotica &amp; Bedtime Stories). Once she got out of her &quot;SEX&quot; era of the early  and mid 90's, Madonna is back to full speed ahead. But an album from  already 11 years ago, &quot;Like A Prayer&quot;, stands out high on the  list. Every song is great (with the exception of the Prince duet which  should have been omitted). &quot;Dear Jessie&quot;, &quot;Cherish&quot;,  &quot;Spanish Eyes&quot; are all classic Madonna. Although she isn't making  music like this anymore, her newest stuff, &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is also  very good and original. But if you want one of best albums of the 80's, get  this and you won't be sorry.
0838577016|5.0|I read this book in medical school.  Although I would agree that it is probably to basic science oriented for a medical school neuroscience course, it was enjoyable, thorough, and inspirational.  There are few books  in my life that took as complex a topic as how the brain works and made it  comprehensible.  It is not a crib sheet for passing medical school exams.  It is the first book I would recommend for anyone seriously interested in  an understanding of the brain, sensory processes, etc...  For anyone for  whom a fundamental grounding in neuroscience is important this is the book.
0385484518|2.0|I, too, had heard so much about this book, and sat down to read it on a Friday night. I found it empty, and I felt unfulfilled. The book was not nearly as cathartic as I had hoped (or heard) it would be.
0140177396|5.0|Great Book! Keeps you focused and entertained. Classic ending, Climax of the story is thrilling, hits you when you least expected it..Great Plot, Great Character descriptions, you feel in touch with the characters and  feel their every emotion! A Must Read! I couldn't stop reading...You TOO  will enjoy it!
B000002MUW|2.0|I &quot;LOVE&quot; all of Ms. Madonnas albums to the extreme with the exception of this one and Erotica. Although she sings great as she has always, the songs here leave something to be desired. With the exception of  &quot;Take A Bow&quot;, I don't listen to any of the other songs on this  album. I'm glad she's back with &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;, Her best studio  album since &quot;Like A Prayer&quot;. Go get one of those if you want some  good Madonna music. Skip this one and Erotica.
B0000024JN|1.0|beasite boys used to be punk until they turned rap. i'm mad so now i hate the beasite boys bye herb smokers.
0875845851|5.0|In his Introduction, Clayton M. Christensen makes his objective crystal clear: \\"This book is about the failure of companies to stay atop their industries when they confront certain types of market and technological  change....the good companies -- the kinds that many managers have admired  for years and tried to emulate, the companies known for their abilities to  innovate and execute....It is about well-managed companies that have their  competitive antennae up, listen astutely to their customers....invest  aggressively in new technologies, and yet they still lose market  dominance.\\" Why? For Christensen, the answer is revealed in what he calls  \\"the innovator's dilemma\\": the logical, competent decisions of management  which are critical to the success of their companies are also the reasons  why they lose their positions of leadership.<br />In the current and imminent  global marketplace, paradox has become paradigm.<br />Managers in every  organization (regardless of size or nature) eventually must resolve \\"the  innovator's dilemma.\\" Christensen's book provides invaluable assistance to  completing that immensely difficult process. It remains for each of his  readers to answer questions such as these: Which customers do we want?  (also, which customers do we NOT want?) Which technologies will help us to  get and then keep them? For each technology, which strategies will be most  effective to sustain it? Should we attack competitors with disruptive  technology? How can we best defend ourselves against it? How should our  resources be allocated? What about timing? Should we lead or follow? If we  follow, should we prepare to lead later? Correct (ie appropriate) answers  to questions such as these will help to clarify today's realities and to  suggest strategies for an uncertain future.<br />My own suspicion is that  there will always be another dilemma to resolve. Christensen suggests a  rigorous process by which to do so.
0385484518|5.0|I loved Tuesday's With Morrie! Anyone who has lived through the experiences of watching someone die will appreciate this book.  It teaches so much about life and how to not take everything for granted.  I would  recommend it to anyone of any age.
B000002MFN|3.0|This album has some good sounding songs on it. I bought this CD on opening day back in 1992. I like the way the song &quot;Erotica&quot; sounds musically but the lyrics make you feel you have entered the redlight  district of Amsterdam. Not to mention the song &quot;Where Life  Begins&quot; with its lyrics that sound like something Howard Stern would  have written. There are some great songs here though. &quot;Rain&quot;,  &quot;Deeper and Deeper&quot;, &quot;Fever&quot;, and &quot;Whys It So  Hard&quot;. But that is pretty much it. Usually Madonna will have a lot  better ratio of good to bad songs but here the bad outweighs the good. I  would recommend this album used but not at full price unless you really  want those good songs. Go out and buy &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; or any one  of her pre-Erotica CDs and be sure to get her &quot;Immaculate  Collection&quot; and &quot;Something To Remember&quot; CDs-both 5 stars.
6302994063|5.0|I am not a dancer-not even close. But this movie makes me want to put down my Hostess Ding-Dong and get off the couch. The dancing is great to watch-but the love story is even better. You can almost feel the sweat  rolling off his neck when they dance. The dance scene at the end where he  kisses her gets me every time. This is a great movie.
B000001E21|4.0|Surprisingly, this is truly a great album, even though it is regarded as a unreleased/b-sides collection, the material on here is worthy of being called top-notch album quality. If you took all the great songs from all  rest of Def Leps 1990's albums, you still couldn't accumulate enough to  surpass this one.  Only 2 good songs are on Adrenalize, maybe 2 on Slang,  and 6 on Euphoria, you still can't touch Retro Active's 11 song that are  all excellent.  Most of the material on here is from the Hysteria sessions,  and the rest come from Adrenalize sessions, being cover songs and canned  material.  There is 1 or 2 songs on here that were recorded for this CD.   Steve Clark,R.I.P., appears on a handful of tracks, and newcomer Vivian is  on a few as well.  This CD has a ton of rockers like Desert Song, Fractured  Love,  Action, She's Too Tough, and Ring Of Fire, among others.  But the  standouts are the two ballads, Two Steps Behind and Miss You In A  Heartbeat, both presented in electric and acoustic versions.  All-in-all a  superb album, that should be considered a regular album, and by far the  best one since Hysteria.
0553573403|5.0|It took half the book to recognize the plots within plots between the houses during a larger event.  The mastery of weaving the plots together make Martin's book a masterpiece.
B000002N3J|5.0|Talk about good songs. Madonna put together a classy album with all top notch songs. This album has her best ballads on it including &quot;I'll Remember&quot;, &quot;This Used To Be My Playground&quot;, &quot;Take A  Bow&quot;, and many other Madonna classics. Despite her sometimes  &quot;bizarre&quot; lifestyle, Madonna has true talent for music. I wish  people would stop critizing her for what she does outside the recording  studio and focus on her music. That's where it all boils down to-her music.
0684867621|4.0|Overall this book kept me on the edge of my seat and I would recomend this book to anyone who likes a scary story. Stephen King is a good author and I like to read his books. Everytime I read one of his books it's hard for me to go to sleep because what he writes what can realy be true. I would like  it even more if someone made this book in to a movie. I like to watch scary  movies and if this was a scary movie I would miss out on a weeks worth of  sleep. Tricia stayed brave and she is very smart. If anyone deserves any  credit it would be Tricia. For anyone who wants to read this book go ahead  and read it if you want to be reading for the next couple of hours. If I  had to read this book on my own I wouldent be able to put the book down and  all I would want to do was read the book untill it was over.
1573226521|5.0|Alex Garland first novel well lives up to the hype surrounding it.  The story of richard, a travellor who discovers himself on a paradise island in thailand is so fast paced yet intricately described that it is almost  impossible to put the book down.   The descriptions place you there and you  never want to leave.  The ending is NOT disappointing, it is a mellow  winding down from a highly charged, eventful pre-ending.  The book is  completely believable and a must-read for anyone who likes reading. Alex  Garland's writing style is so fluent and inspiring, there is no part of the  book that is hard to read.<br />The visits from Mister Duck add a twist that  gives the novel that extra bit of depth.<br />A massive success for an amazing  author.
B000001ZS4|4.0|This CD just flows from one piece to another...it transforms your thoughts, great relaxation music.  The only piece I did not like that much is #6, its a little too repetitive and gets annoying if you listen to it  for long.  But #3 is great, and elevates my mood.  Great ride to work, if  you got a CD player in your car.  Overall, get it!  Its unlike any other!
0891416811|5.0|Wow It's hard to believe I will be able to get my hands on this book. I have been serching for 18 years to have this book again. I let someone borrow mine in '82 and have been searching ever since. I have never read a  book where I felt like I was actually there. This book changed that for me.  Just like one of the other reviewers I also could only think of Curahee as  I watched the scene in Saving Private Ryan where they were talking to the  Pilot that flew the glider. If you have a chance this is a must read. This  has always been my favorite book. EVER!
6304297912|4.0|Read the book by Irvine Welsh if you liked the movie--a masterpiece by a very talented and fresh author.  By the way, Welsh appears in the movie as the drug dealer &quot;Mikey&quot;.
B0000027D5|5.0|My exposure to Santana had been minimal until two summers ago when i came across the 2 disc cd set of Lotus. I was very much in a John Coltrane Phase and I absolutely couldn't believe it when i read that the opening song to  the cd was co written or fully written by Alice Coltrane. This opening is  haunting and mezmerizing and shows Santana's devotion to more eastern  influences musically. The songs which follow build and blend, intertwined  and connected by his AMAZING!  solos. I cannot believe he manages to make  a guitar sing like that. My GOD!  It was a transcendental experience and  his whole band command viruoso skills, especially the latin drumsters who  make this album the grooviest thing i've ever had the joy to listen to as a  first-timer. Plus it's long, so you get your money's worth. Santana is  truly an invaluable musical innovator.
B000005RXF|5.0|As a U2 fan of seven years, I would have to say that this is their album I'm most inspired by.  Pop is flawless. Its an album that feels like your life. Pop, AB, and Zooropa are the best albums U2 have done.  If you like  U2's 80's stuff, this album is less accesible, but if you really listen to  it you will fall in love with it.   Its amazing the way U2 incorporated  elements of club culture and made it their own.  Definatly their most  underrated album.
B000000WA4|5.0|These cd's are excellent. Some may find Billy's voice a problem (it's very whiny and high) but I think it adds to the music.
0151001820|5.0|I've been a fan of this man since reading &quot;The Flander's Panel&quot;, this book contains many moments of sheer literary quality that I wish more authors could achieve.  Alas.  I would like to disagree with the reader  that claimed the ending to be a &quot;letdown&quot;; quite the contrary, I  believe that the denouement was fine and on par with the rest of the book.   READ THIS BOOK!
B000002MY3|5.0|I Feel that this cd is a verying relaxing and emotional. It is just great to sit around and lisen to. You can also sorda dance to it. But if you are a very funky person I would definitly recomend it. : )
B0000399WI|5.0|ever couple of years a movie comes along that can inspire us. touch our souls and make us want to be better people. now i'm not saying that this movie dose this for everyone, but if you happen to be in a video store, are  pondering on what movie to get, then i strongly suggest The Shawshank  Redemption. The Music is also phenominal.
0425152251|3.0|Sophie's World is really a (deep) thinking person's book.  As other reviewers have pointed out, it is really a Philosophy 101 textbook wrapped into a novel.  Not surprisingly it bites off more than it can chew; there  is simply too much philosophical discussion to simply read through as a  novel.  At times it becomes a very slow, torturous read.<br />But it almost  works.  After about half way through Sophie's World becomes more a novel,  and the ending is rather clever (perhaps too clever for some).<br />Overall  I'm glad I read it, but it would be hard to recommend.
B000004286|5.0|I find it so inspirational to listen to this CD. The music takes me to an age of medieval courage and intrigue. The music builds and you imagine a rag tag band of scottish warriors emerging from the mist and crushing their  overconfident and arrogant enemies.
068484267X|5.0|although i question the total recall of a 3 year old; frank mccourt's memoir is one of the best reads i've had in a long time.  his writing style is through a child's mind and very captivating.  unbearable misery and  uncontollable laughter throughout.  an emotional rollercoaster.   however i  believe mccourt's account is one of a very very small percentage of people  in ireland in the 30s &amp; should not been viewed as a statement of  ireland or the irish on the whole.  but they're his memories and he tells  them with  cathartic genius.
B00000JPYD|5.0|Robin Trower provides the missing link between Jimi Hendrix and Eddie VanHalen.  He was able to mix a soulful, almost funky, groove (which is what Jimi was leading towards before his untimely death) with straight up  rock technics, such as what Jimi pioneered and what Eddie perfected.  The  best example of this combination of styles is on BRIDGE OF SIGHS.  The  Stax-like wah-wah and chicken scratching guitar on songs like Too Rolling  Stoned and Little Bit Of Sympathy help to give these songs, as well as Lady  Love, The Fool and Me, and the title track, a groove that was missing in  most 70's metal/hard rock.  Later albums such as FOR EARTH BELOW and IN  CITY DREAMS would de-emphasize the rock portion of the mix, while his first  album, TWICE REMOVED FROM YESTURDAY was more of a psychedelic/blues mix.   Only on BRIDGE OF SIGHS did Trower acheive the mix that Hendrix sought  after, but never realy acheived. Highly Recommended<br />Was Trower a Hendrix  rip-off?  I prefer to think of him as keeping the faith until the next  generation of guitar heroes could take over.  Eddie VanHalen, The Edge, and  Steve Vai, among others, owe him.
B000002HMH|3.0|This is NOT Kill Em All Metallica or even ..And Justice for all Metallica, but it is still a Metallica album.  For what it's worth, I'm going to say that I actually liked this album.  I also thoroughly enjoyed their older  stuff as well.  While this LP doesn't have the thrash metal riffs and  overall aggression of the previous recordings, it still has a few memorable  songs on it.  If you like the older stuff, at least give this one a try and  if it's not for you, then just forget it. I know lots of people that said  they would rather undergo a root canal than listen to it again, but there  are also some Metallica fans that I know that say this is one of their  favorites.  Personally, I am kind of indifferent on the matter.  I can  listen to it and enjoy it, but I would rather listen to Master Of Puppets  if I had both CDs side by side.  It's not a bad album, but it is different  from what you may be accustomed to.  It's really just up to the individual  I guess, but I can say that it is good enough to listen to and make up your  own mind as to whether or not Metallica has &quot;wimped out&quot;.  Even  if they did, it is still good music.
0440234743|4.0|I enjoyed this book overall, with probably the best parts Nate's trip into the Brazilian interior and his battle with drink. You never were quite sure when he'd fall off the edge again. But the fizzling relationship stakes  with Rachel took the edge off for me and meant it wasn't up to Grisham's  best past form, which I would rank as The Rainmaker, The Client, The  Chamber and The Firm, pretty much in that order. However, I might have been  spoilt by a recent read, 'Past Imperfect' by John Matthews, the best  thriller I've read in years. What attracted me, amongst dazzling press and  amazon reader reviews, was one which claimed it was reminiscent of Grisham  and Crichton, but with better characterization and plot than both. I would  concur. A definite 'don't miss' read. I'm not sure if it's available yet  from American publishers, but it is in England through amazon.co.uk - which  is where I saw the reviews.
B000009ED0|4.0|Kid's vocal stylings are great throughout this disc.  Kid will definitely keep going up in the music world.  If you like this one, be sure to listen to him on &quot;American Junkie&quot; by Murder 1.  When those bands get  together, there is nothing better.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Well, one voice from Israel must be heard.. I bought this CD along with some others, but each time I turn to the cd box my hands are drown towards this one. smooth was played so many times that my CD player almost knows it  by hart. Santana's guitar, the latin beats and richness of production make  a great atmosphere album, that lights up the house ( and the neighborhood..  ). Some songs can really be added to santana's classical hits like black  magic woman and oye como va. I did not like the maria track and some other  semi elevator-music songs. but left out this makes a great impact powerful  hits collection.
B0000025F8|5.0|In this album,i find a michael who is pure  as a child.I have been listening his songs for many years.But i think &quot;off the wall&quot; is the best album of all.The reason why i say that is because he showed his  unusual creativity in this album.I especially love the song-off the  wall.Everytime when i hear this song,i feel like dancing.I can hardly  imagine his sense of rhythm.And this is also the reason why i like this  album.At last,i want to say i am a super fan of MICHAEL JACKSON . I would  like make friends with whoever loves mj and my e-mail address is&quot;  lois-1999-cl@263.net &quot;.If you want to get in touch with me,jist do  it.I will be very happy to receive your message and make friend with fans  of michael jackson.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I got chills listening to Master Of Puppets; the whole CD ROCKS!   A much fuller sound, very well done.  Rock on!
B000002KXV|5.0|So many years, so many albums, and at times this one gets top billing, and sometimes falls under the driver's seat. One of the few I actually dig for when I'm drunk or lonely or thrilled. This one is up there with Court and  Spark and Abbey Road. Let the rain fall. I love this album, and love it  when I'm in love. And even when love doesn't love me.
B000002KCC|3.0|I have all of Neil Young's records on vinyl up to Live Rust, so my review is limited to this time frame.  Given this qualification, I do not see how Tonight's the Night could be a Neil Young Essential ahead of Everybody  Know's This Is Nowhere.  Out of all these records, Tonight is the one I  listen to the least.  Don't get me wrong, it is still Neil Young and good  music, but it's really only of interest as a snapshot of him and his band  in a particular time period, the mid 70s, which they are barely crawling  out of.  However, Neil and his band seem to realize the narrow breadth of  their escape from this destructive era. Tonight should be replaced as an  Essential by Decade, and Decade should be replaced as a Best of the Rest by  Everybody Knows this is Nowhere, a very underrated album with longlasting  influences.  This album is where Pearl Jam has been coming from in the last  few years (with NY on Mirrorball,etc..).  Not that this is necessarily a  good thing.
0790705141|3.0|This is a great horror movie for those of you who accept hack &amp; slash tactics as scary. For true Stephen King fans, the Kubrick film is a pale shadow loosely based on the novel.    While I am a huge fan of Jack  Nicholson, the movie quickly degenerates into a too long chase scene with  Shelly Duvall screaming shrilly &amp; constantly. Totaly helpless, in spite  of the fact her child's life is in danger. Any attempt to follow the book  is lost at this point.   If you enjoy reading, do read the book. Even the  made for TV series,(while much more satisfactory), is not quite the same.  There comes a point where you have to cut something, &amp; sacrifices are  necessary. Unfortunate, but true. Best of all, read the book, &amp; watch  both movies. Make up your own minds. For those of you with a short  attention span, &amp; little or no imagination, stick with the Kubrick  version. It's right up your alley.   Of course, for a proper rebuttal, all  3 must be compared. Only fair you know.....BS
B0000214F0|2.0|This film is not great. If you happen to buy the rated version you are wasting your money because half the porno is cut out. If you but the unrated version you are wasting your money because it just becomes a porno.  I would recommend, if you want a bit of porno and a bit of a storyline too,  to get Eyes Wide Shut. It looks better and it's a better film too.
B000003PJ4|4.0|The illluminati will tell you that Parallel Lines is the greatest Blondie album, and the charts will tell you that Autoamerican is. Eat to the Beat is supposed to be the album where Blondie got too big for its boots, but  that's not the way I see it. Blondie rocks harder on this album than their  earlier discs, where Debbie Harry tended to sound like a Martha Reeves  wannabe. This time round it's hi-octane New York rock - drummer Clem Burke  kicks the album off like a man who really should cut down on coffee with  'Dreaming', a cut which updates the Vandellas' sound to late seventies New  York. The album has its fair share of classic Blondie tracks: the shadow of  disco is thrown across the exquisite 'Atomic' (are they Hank Marvin's  guitars we hear in the background, Mr Stein? Has someone been dusting off  his Shadows' 20 golden greats collection? I think we should be told) and  Union City Blue is another greatest hits staple which is characteristic of  the feel of the album. There are some buried treasures here, too - in the  slower tempos of 'Shayla' Debbie sings like a reconstructed country Diva,  the band rocks out on 'The Hardest Part', a song which is apparently about  holding up a security van, and `Die Young, Stay Pretty' is a world-weary  take on the subject matter of the earlier, sublime `Picture This'. Eat to  the Beat certainly isn't perfect - but neither is Rock 'n' Roll. The silly  title track is the weakest link, and while 'The Victor' is a beautifully  formed piece of sceaming punk rock it is, alas, totally misplaced on this  album, coming as it does immediately after the pedestrian (but similarly  out of place) 'Sound Asleep'. Maybe that's the point - it was a bit of  pre-post modernism to buttress these to tracks together in the first place  - but for my money the album could have done without either. Eat to the  Beat ain't perfect - but I don't think any Blondie album is (aside from  their 'Best of...', which without question is a 5 star affair).But over a  whole album it's as good as they were - attitude without being amateur,  sophistication without going through the motions (which they did during  Autoamerican). And, in Atomic and Shayla, some classic American music.
0790729725|5.0|Goodfellas is probably my favourite film of all time so I decided that I would buy it on my favourite format, DVD. To my horror, I opened the box to find it was a single layered DVD, meaning I would have to get up from my  comfy position on the couch (which is very comfy by the way) flip the DVD  half way through the film and then go back to the comfy position again,  which is a bit annoying . Other than that it's brilliant. (But wouldn't a  commentry from DeNiro and Scorsese have been even brillianter?)
B000002J2F|5.0|I must agree with all the other reviews of this CD.  It serves as the perfect transition (and might I say best fusion) between the progressive/arty and the pop/commercial phases of the band.  <br />What  impresses me the most about this disc is that all the songs hold up very  well on their own merits (a more 'pop' sense), but when listened to in  sequence there are two very good 'suites' that span the CD (or each side of  the record if you still have the vinyl).<br />The music is very radio  friendly, but also will please their progressive following with their  seamless segues from one song to the next (similar to Pink Floyd's Dark  Side of The Moon).
6303402348|5.0|This is my absolute favorite movie of all time. Each time I watch it not only do I notice something new, but it touches me in a new and more significant way. I think Forrest's life long devotion to his best friend  Jenny is touching and shows what a true friend should be...he was there for  her even when she pushed him away. I think that it is important for  everyone to see this just for thata spect. As well, it is a an important  look at modern history through music and action. I love this movie!
0451191153|5.0|Defenitely one of the best books I've read. I agree 100% with most of Ms. Rand's ideas. Her defense of selfishness is very well based and she proves her case. The characters are amazing and make you realize what the  &quot;modern&quot; ideas are really about. As revolutionary and important  today as it was when first published, especially for people living in  countries such as mine, where populist and colectivist propositions still  fool the majority and where freedom is not praised by many; a country where  individuals are left no good options when it comes to choosing authorities.  A book for people who have principals and stick to them.
B000031XCR|5.0|This Album have all great songs from Celine in the past and now. For the old songs , I couldn't say any more good words for this.Not a lot of people notice Shania Twain and her husband John Lange wrote one of the new song  &quot;If walls could talk&quot; and also Shania did the backing vocal. My  favorite is &quot;All the Way&quot; in this Album. What a wonderful idea  mixing the song with Mr Frank Sinatra.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is the very first Dr Dre album that I have ever bought, and I think it's brilliant. I'm now gonna rush out and buy all of Dr Dre's solo albums. I just hope that they are also good.
B000002NJS|5.0|Ray Of Light is my first album by Madonna. I have heard many of Madonna's songs on the radio. In 1998 when Ray Of Light came out, I heard Frozen almost every day on the radio. My favorite songs are: Drowned  World/Substitute For Love, Ray Of Light, Skin, Nothing Really Matters,  Frozen, and The Power Of Good-Bye. I like almost everybody's music. I would  recommend this to a fan of Madonna's or a person trying to start their  collection.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is U2's best.  Although &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; is also one of my favorites, The Joshua Tree has that extra something about it.  Although I like live CD's, the studio does wonders to this CD.  My favorite U2 song is  One Tree Hill which is included on this CD.  Most people don't consider it  their favorite, but it's a great driving song (watch the gas pedal). The  rest of the CD is full of songs that you're sure to have heard on the radio  at one time in your life or another. A true classic.<br />As an aside, I have  given only 14 other CDs 5-stars to set them aside from the rest.  Click on  my name to see if your musical taste is similar to mine. Maybe there's a CD  you didn't know about.
B000002H33|5.0|Well what can I say, it is true that I have been a lover of Metallica from my earlier years and I have listened to all of there albums too many times to count. But the one that really stands out is this one, Master of Pupets  is truly a work of art and I recommend this album to anybody! The lyrics  and music is so vivid that you begin to picture images in your mind formed  from the words, at the very least you will love this album, definetly worth  buying!
6303430570|5.0|Man, Kevin Smith is just one awesome director.  All of his movies rule, but I love Clerks the most.  It has some of the funniest things I've ever seen in it, and a few parts are unforgettable.  Not only that, but the way  people argue and talk in it are very well done and interesting.  Randal, no  matter how crude he may be, is amazing in this, and really makes the movie  so much better.  He is one interesting guy.  Get this movie, you'll love  it.
0790737973|3.0|I have not read the book, so I am only reviewing the film itself. I had no real intrest when I first saw the theatre trailers. Now, when HBO began to advertise its showing, I became a bit more intriqued. I noticed that Liev  Schriber, brilliant actor,  was in the movie and he appeals to me. Dustin  Hoffman was great as always. Not a Sharon Stone of Sam L. Jackson fan, but  they were believable in there roles. The movie had a great plot. I enjoyed  everything, up until the ending. Don't get me wrong, the ending wasn't  terrible, just was missing that special something. Overall, I would  recommend it to any Sci-Fi buff out there.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|THE most immediately appealing album I've heard since ... well, since the last Savage Garden CD! I hate to be biased but I'm a complete fan and I just can't help falling for these two. The songs are pure pop -catchy and  sugarsweet but with enough emotion and intelligent lyrics to keep the  listener captivated. Yes, this CD's Truly, -I Knew I Loved You- is formula  SG BUT it's a fantastic formula and the boys have definitely stepped up a  huge level since the 1st time out. Their maturity shines best on the piano  led emotional journey 2 Beds. Highlights for me include the uptempo Best  Thing and Chained To You (with it's line, acting like a mover shaker,  dancing to Madonna, then you kissed me!). I can't relate (yet!) but I yearn  to feel the passion and madness drawn so beautifully in those songs. I love  every track. I'm sorry that I can't give a balanced view but I love these  guys. This CD is a Must for fans and an enticing surprise for those who  have resisted up 'til now. Surrender now and enjoy! On the whole, I feel  it's a lot slower and moodier than the debut with only 4 really uptempo  tracks (Best Thing, Animal Song, Affirmation &amp; Chained) which was  initially a touch disappointing BUT Darren's vocals are amazing and the  stories in the songs are intense. TAKE NOTE: For those dance freaks and  devoted fans, like me: check out the Australian edition which includes the  full 10 minute Hex Hector remix of The Animal Song and a bonus CD rom  featuring video footage, photos and a fascinating, complete Affirmation  rundown by Darren. This project is totally honest and fresh, inspired by  real events in their lives and I, for one, feel it all. What are you  waiting for?
B000002BHE|5.0|Celine Dion has been typecast as just singing mushy ballads, but one listen to this CD will tell anyone who cares to notice that she's got a lot more depth to her.  There's a great variety of tunes here - upbeat and  sweeping.  This album marks true artistry for Celine - her earlier ones are  good, but don't reach the heights that she does beginning with this album.
078322933X|5.0|Mark Walhburg was awesome in this movie, He is Hot and the acting was great. a must see for all you walhburg fans! I have watched it about 10 times and find it better everytime.  Robin : )
6305313687|5.0|Edward Norton is an absolute chameleon.  He may be the best actor in America now.  The word &quot;riveting&quot; is, for once, totally accurate:  you cannot take your eyes off of Norton.  As for the movie itself (what  other actor could have done this role, I don't know), it's like this:  Have  you ever seen Nazis, I mean real, full-blown, skin-headed Nazis who worship  Hitler and the whole nine yards, and asked yourself &quot;Where the hell do  these people COME from?  Do they look like this ALL the TIME, or is this  some kind of costume they put on on Saturdays or something?  Don't they  have PARENTS, for God's sake?  What in hell is their HOME LIFE like?  Do  they HAVE homes?  How did they ever GET like this?  Don't they have MOTHERS  or FATHERS? etc&quot;  This movie answers all those questions very  convincingly, very plausibly.  It's a fascinating look inside a certain  culture, a rare voyeur's-eye-view inside an American Nazi's household.   Even shows you, quite plausibly, how someone goes from being a normal  schoolkid in a middle-class neighborhood with a kind of an Archie  Bunker-type Dad to being a full-blown, murderous Nazi who feels no shame  whatsoever in having a huge swastika tatooed on his chest and is brazenly  proud of murdering blacks.  Another great thing about the movie is that the  kid, despite all of the above, is NOT an idiot.  When spouting his views,  he brings up all the points that mainstream politicians make all the time  -- views which must be addressed, which cannot simply be dismissed as the  rantings of an ignorant fanatic.  (i.e. the kid is well-informed regarding  how much money taxpayers in the State of California spend on medical care  for illegal immigrants, etc.)  A really powerful film.  It will instantly  make Edward Norton your favorite actor.
0964385619|4.0|The author could be more conservative on words, but he has a valuable theme.  Have you ever met a rich public school teacher?  If not, why would you expect a broke teacher to provide much help in creating wealth?  This  book may shock the educrats who believe that formal schooling is on the  path to financial success.  Not a &quot;how to&quot; manual but a  &quot;where to look&quot; resourse.
0425170349|5.0|how could you not love this book. This is the perfect book for someone inlove with NSA and DELTA  agincies.
B000031WD9|5.0|American Pie is no only funny, it's instructional...  Where else are you going to learn how to do the JB dance?
0451191153|5.0|THIS BOOK IS THE BEST EVER WRITTEN.  iT HAS ever facet of literature available.  i reccommend this book whole heartedly and feel that it should be recquired to read so that may one continue to live.
078401213X|5.0|WOW what a trip!  This is more than just a statement of the intra_relations of inner self and life, but a summary of our trip to the Final Destination. This should be a mandatory film for earfth_teaching  those that haven't touched the perimeter. __out
0385472951|5.0|Overall, an  O.K. book.  But, it's a great book report book if you want to impress your teacher.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I learned about this CD after reading about how Barbara Streisand heard the original instrumental version of what later became, &quot;I've dreamed of you,&quot; the first song in her newest CD, &quot;A Love Like  Ours.&quot; She described hearing this lovely melody in a restaurant in  Ireland and was so captivated by its beauty that later she asked Ann  Hampton Callaway to write a lyric to it. She sang &quot;I've dreamed of  you&quot; to her husband on their wedding day.  I found the CD, Songs from  a Secret Garden, thanks to Amazon.com.  I ordered three CD's, they arrived  yesterday and I haven't listened to anything since.  This music is all that  the other reviewers say it is and more.  I plan to order more today.  Each  Christmas we select one CD and send it to many of our friends.  Without a  doubt, this will be our selection for 2000.
0385484518|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book.  I purchased it.  I should have checked it out from the library.  It takes about 90-120 minutes to read, and is very touching.  It would help if some of the money being paid was going to research on Lou Gehrigs Disease.  Unfortunately it is most likely  going to pad the pocket of the author and publishers.  This takes away some  of the pure emotion of the book (in my opinion).  I am going to circulate  my copy to friends because it is such a touching story.  However, I am not  going to encourage them to pay for it, because it is not a book that  will ever earn that kind of price in its use.  The book's content is a  touching story of life and death.  It is a good book.
B000002KC5|5.0|When I was a little kid (I'm 15 now), my parents, both hippie musicians, would turn this album on in the car every time we were on a road trip.  Yeah, I, a 3- or 4-year-old kid, learned ALL the words to &quot;Rednecks!&quot;  A couple years ago, I rediscovered this album while  I was digging through my dad's voluminous LP collection.  I haven't put it  back on the shelf since!  I enjoyed this album as a tiny kid, I love it  now, and I'll probably still turn to it when I'm 50 as one of the BEST  albums to listen to, in the car or otherwise!  (And I'll probably corrupt  MY 4-year-old kid with it, too!)
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a real roller-coaster of special effects.  But the plot left something to be desired, and got rather confusing.  The continuous &quot;escapes&quot; got to the point of being  ridiculous, so much so that  it got funny even when it wasn't supposed to be.  It reminded me of the  unbelievably over-done action scenes in  &quot;The Guns of Navarone&quot;,  an old war movie. We laughed our heads off at that one.  The only thing  that I can forgive about this one is that after all, IT IS SCIENCE FICTION.   It would be interesting to know the age of people who write these reviews.   That might explain a lot!
B00003XACV|5.0|If, like I did, you left the theater mesmerized by Thomas Newman's marvelously minimalist score for the film American Beauty, intent on buying the soundtrack, then this is the disk you want. Sure, there are some  interesting pop tunes on the first soundtrack released shortly after the  film first came out. But for true film music afficiandos--and especially  for those who follow Newman's musical genius--you won't be disappointed in  this CD. From the tender piano tones that underscore Wes Bentley's  intensely moving &quot;most beautiful thing you've ever seen&quot; speech  to the odd tonalities of Kevin Spacey's crushes, Newman gives us just  enough music to emote without overwhelming like many other film scores.  It's all there, folks. And it's so beautiful I thought my heart might just  burst.
B00000K31V|4.0|I understand why someone wouldn't like this movie. If your a Cronenberg fan then its definitly worth a viewing or even a purchase.   Totally bizarre and disturbing.   It makes the 'Matrix' look like a pokemon  episode.   And the dialog is not 'cheesy', its like a sci-fi &quot;Naked  Lunch&quot; (and I was pleased to see much of the cast from N.L. in this  movie).   I feel sorry for the people who don't &quot;get&quot; this film  or any other Cronenberg films.   You're missing out.
B000002KGT|5.0|the relationships within the band help create this great record.the turmoil,pain,and frustration all comes thru like a burst of wind.it almost makes you wish that more artists of today would get angry and channel it  toward creativity.
B000001GX8|4.0|Mozart never fails at achieving music of the highest caliber.  At the recommendation of many people from Amazon.com, I bought this recording of the Marriage of Figaro.  I don't regret it at all.  The cast is an all star  cast--something that is rarely assembled today.  Bohm keeps things well  under control and adds great dimension, detail, and nuance to the  performance.  Arguably, history's best opera and arguably, history's best  recording of the opera----just wish it was Digital, but we can't always  have it all.
031286504X|5.0|Words cannot express how I enjoy this book, but I will certainly try. I have hunted for this book for years, ever since I saw the movie &quot;The Last Man on Earth&quot; with Vincent Price. And when I finally found it, I  wasn't disappointed. The book was better than the movie (of course)!  Matheson draws you in with the haunting idea of the last man on earth in a  world of vampires. Even though he attempts to discover the cause of the  plague, many things are left unanswered, which only adds to the horror. I  have read this book more times than I can count, and almost always in one  sitting. As an aspiring author, Matheson has inspired me. I hope I can  write a tale that will haunt readers as this one has me.
0800136586|5.0|I think this movie was very entertaining especially for my kids. I loved Carol Burnett as the evil Miss Hanagan and have seen may remakes of this and nobody comes close. Any movie that my kids will sit still and watch all  the way through and doesnt irrate me is a five star.
0792153189|1.0|The premise of the movie is frightening and captivating at the same time.  I expected tremendous special effects, action and drama from a panicked public and government.  Instead I got an overated snore fest.<br />Don't waste  your time.
B00000IQBM|5.0|The Shining is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.  Jack Nicholson slowly going insane is one of the greatest things a horror movie could have.  Buy this movie, and I assure you you won't be dissapointed!
0792140923|1.0|Shawshank Redemption... Need I say anything more.  This film took some of the most important and emotional events of the 20th century and trivialized them.  Not to mention the fact that it gives the unthinking viewer the idea  that stupidity works.<br />I'm not in favor of book or movie burning but if I  could destroy every copy I would.  If there is a more dangerous movie than  this one I hope I never see it.
B000002GEY|5.0|I first heard this LP in a record store and bought it immediately.  What a rich, wonderfully complex set of arrangements by this British band!  The last 90 seconds or so of Goodbye Stranger is a real high.  This is  Supertramp at their best.
6303036570|5.0|Don't believe Leonard Maltin's review about the film being flawed.  What flaws?  Like Mr. Maltin with his glasses and nerdiness knows anything about life on the streets.  He also stated that 'The Color Purple' had flaws... I  only wish more films had flaws like the two just mentioned.  If there is a  flaw it's only in Mr. Pacino's accent which could've used some serious  work.  That notwithstanding his work as always (excepting 'Any Given  Sunday') is absolutely outstanding.<br />Any film that makes you feel for the  characters in any way has done a tremendous thing in my humble opinion.  In  this film you will feel honest compassion for Carlito Brigante (Pacino)  while at the same time you'll be unsympathetic toward him for some of the  decisions he makes.  Carlito is a man torn between the life he wants and  the destiny to which he seemingly can't escape.  You can't run away from  who you are as hard as you may try.  Loyalty is an admirable quality when  it's directed towards the right principles and people.  Misdirected it can  have tragic consequences.<br />Sean Penn is fabulous as Carlito's corrupt and  dishonest lawyer (Kleinfeld) in addition to fine supporting performances  from Penelope Ann Miller and John Lequizamo (a better dramatic actor than  comedian) <br />In the end it's about the pursuit of the american dream and  the challenges we face along the way.<br />NOT TO BE MISSED!
6304702205|5.0|That's right...I can't describe his music using words!   Just listen then you'll understand.  By the way, I just bought a second tape (abused the first one...he..he..he! )  WHERE ARE THE DVDs OF HIS CONCERTS?
1573226521|4.0|The Beach by Alex Garland is a backpacker's hell. Set in exotic Thailand, the book wavers from being unbelievable to making you think, &quot;This could happen to me.&quot; It's interesting to see how the main character, Richard, descends into complete immorality.
6304795254|5.0|For the psychological thriller fan, this film is perhaps as good as it gets.  In an industry that often slides into auto-pilot, The Game is a surprising journey into an illusionary underworld where nothing is as it  appears.  However, to dismiss this film as only an entertaining thriller is  an injustice.  At the center of the story are profound examinations of  reality versus our assumptions.  It is a brilliantly unique and insightful  film concerning one man's road to redemption, and the things he must lose  in order to ultimately reclaim his life.
B000002JOF|4.0|I have been a fan since Benny Santini. Critically his best album, and not without merit. His voice and guitar playing are excellent.But other CD's are as good or better. If you like this CD.,check out New Light Through Old  Windows, Whatever Happened to Benny Santini and Auberge.
B00000JPH0|5.0|A confined section of front, a handful of reserve infantry reluctantly called to defend against the Red Army--true to life--as my family can tell. A 'non-Hollywood' look at war at its grimmest with no punches pulled. Live  heroes are the ones who are lucky; the dead are merely the unlucky heroes.
6305358613|5.0|This was hands down the best movie of 1999.  The costumes were lush, the acting was fabulous, the story was full of wonderful intrigue.  I love this movie more every time I see it - and I am up to 8 times now!
6305076626|4.0|Like most people, my initial viewing of RHPS was clouded by &quot;What is this thing?&quot;. Later on I realized that this is a movie to just watch and enjoy. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because of the  format, it is showing need to be digitally remastered to retain the  presentation. Come on, remaster and rerelease!
0679759328|1.0|Ick.  Really boring. I was really in the mood to read, and after 10 pages I gave it up.  Very flat and airless.Is this one worth being patient about?  Might read 'Falling Slowly' instead since that one seems to be a Brookner  favorite.
B00003000M|5.0|in this awsome cd you will find all of bob marley's  past hits which have been remixed andin my opinion improved.  although some songs are a bit deformed, the mix of reggae, rnb and rap is quite nice. i strongly suggest  this cd.
0783235666|5.0|There are two types of scary. One type is mostly what you see today, gross blood and gore, with a crazy guy with a fishhook digging it in to good looking teens. The other kind is what Hichcock did best, the more  phycological scary. It makes you think, becuase you are never sure exactly  what is going on. Ignore the fake looking blood. The movie was designed to  make you think and it does.
0790733226|4.0|What a fantastic idea for a story... Thank you Carl. I was mildly disappointed that the ending of the movie diverged from the book - I thought the book's ending was awesome.  The DVD version of this movie is  top rate for sound and vision - this won't disappoint. This movie is bound  to stir the imagination but it seems to deliver something short of what you  expect... something I felt the book did not.  Oh well, the book is never as  good as the movie is it?
B00000JHAU|5.0|In the same vein as Nick Drake, early Simon and Garfunkel, The Velvet Underground, and even a bit of The Smiths, Belle and Sebastian appeal to the melodic, yet artistic sensibilities of popular music. The numerous  members of B-N-S have made some of the most enjoyable and heart-felt tunes  I've heard since the Morrissey and Marr connection. Each of the three or  four vocalist adds his or her emotion and personal insight to the lyrics of  each song, making them instantly catchy and meaningful. I highly recommend  all of their releases, including their 4 import EP's, which are due out as  a limited box set in the near future. My CD player is a better place  because of them.
B0000026J1|4.0|i think its really good album especially for europe .they werent reall y tough band in the 80s.
B000002L9J|5.0|This is kinda hard for me to review since it's a record I cherish like know other. The Queen Is Dead is so simply perfect, I'm not sure where to start. First off, it seems to me to be The Smith's most complete LP, front  to back. The tracks are all wonderfully unique in their own way, but  somehow have this theme or tone that surfaces, tying the LP together. It  jingles at times, (The Boy With The Thorn In His Side) retreats into  depression, (No One Ever) is funny, (Shankley) and, very, very beautiful  (There is a Light). The Smiths end up with a neat, tight, beautiful   package of a LP, full of all of their strong points. The lyrics are among  Morrissey's best, and Johnny has yet to come close to this work. This  record defined what the eighties meant to me. If I need some CD's for that  desert island stay this will be in my bag, along with Sgt. Pepper's, Dummy,  and OK Computer.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This movie has become one of the best movies I have ever seen.  Its a movie that grabs the heart and doesn't let go.  By far, this movie is a must own for any movie lover
B000009HF2|5.0|Whoever wrote the review from kansas rocks! I'm 15 too and can't get enough of Frampton. (Especially Do you feel like we do) This album is the perfect blend of Peterframpton's music. I recommend it to everone. Rock on  Kansas dude!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona's lyrics are incredibly articulate, fresh and sometimes even poetic...something I truly did not expect from FA. Add the fact that she has a unique voice (at times harsh and others passively peaceful) and mix  or range of songs and this album is one of the best of 1999.  I didn't  think I would like Fiona but after being recommended by friends I bought it  and after listening to WTPawn I can't believe I ever doubted her.  Maybe  its because she seemed so screwed up. But songs such as Love Ridden,Paper  Bag, The Way Things Are, Get Gone, and I Know, are tremendous. If you like  simiilar music, buy buy buy. I usually tire of albums, but not this one.    The CD has not left my carousel for 2 months now and with each listen it  gets better.  Listen for a week and you'll love.  out, lg
B0000027RL|5.0|The decade was an alternative one and Pearl Jam has the espirit of this past decade. In their lyrics you find a yell from this selfish  and individualist world. The best of the decade and yet not the best of Pearl  Jam but and strong feeling debut.
0060264306|5.0|As a reviewer states above The Little House books are tradionally thought of as &quot;girls books,&quot; but that is a mistaken notion. I cannot agree more. Yes, the copies of the Little House books at my house belonged to my older sister. Yes, the covers of all but one of these books show a girl. Yes, I never saw a boy in my grade school reading a Little House book. And yes, I consider myself a normal guy. Yet one day for some reason I started reading my sister's copy of Little House in the Big Woods. Maybe I read it because it was a tale from the past- I am huge history buff. Maybe I read it because I loved tales of survival in the wilderness. Maybe I was just looking for escapist reading. Whatever the reason I was hooked. I finished Little House in the Big Woods and then quickly devoured the rest of the series.<br />These were NOT &quot;girly&quot; books. Panthers, Indians, grass-hopper storms, bullies who beat up teachers, bears, thieves, blizzards, and other stories from the frontier helped make these books thrilling to a me. Yes, the protaganist is a girl; but what a girl! Laura is no sissy. She is actually quite the tomboy and not too hard for boys to relate to. Laura does become more feminine as she progresses from girlhood to being a young woman; but to a boy reader who had followed her adventures from Wisconsin onwards it was not too hard to still enjoy the later books in the series.<br />I have read and re-read these books numerous times. They are just terrific escapist entertainment. When I want to temporarily forget any troubles, I will occasionally return to the Little House books. They really have the uncanny ability to take the reader back to a more innocent and simpler time yet one also of great hardship, peril, and adventure. Terrific books for girls and BOYS!
0671775308|3.0|The authors started studying how people become wealthy 20 years ago.  It is very interesting to to see how the neighbor next-door becomes a millionaire and how that very same person spends his or her time at work,  at play and with their family.  The authors share the secretes of those  millionaires in their book.<br />The millionaire next-door did not become a  millionaire by winning the lottery or on Regis Philbin's new game show:  Millionaire.  Most millionaire's in the United States are people just like  you and I except they invest their money on a regular basis and live modest  lives.  After interviewing over 1000 millionaires, they discovered that the  average millionaire makes $131,000 per year but invests up to 15 percent of  their income on annual basis.  Most millionaires drive regular cars that  they bought used for less than $25,000, live-in modest homes, and work in a  non-glamour industry.  As a matter of fact most millionaires are  entrepreneurs that own and operate their own small business.<br />If you're  interested in making it to the ranks of a millionaire then I believe that  this book is for you.  It may surprise you to find out that that capability  is within your reach.  As the authors say, you have to learn how to become  a PAW (prodigious accumulator of wealth) rather than a UAW (under  accumulator of wealth).<br />The book certainly makes interesting reading for  the curious and the serious.  Then, the rest is up to you.
0312853254|5.0|It was a totally different book than I thought it was going to be.  It wasn't as action packed as Ender's Game but it was still a book that you can't put down.  Orson Scott Card is probably the greatest writer that has  ever lived.
B00000ILBK|1.0|I saw this movie in the theatre, it was stupid, pointless, and made me want to walk out and leave. It doesent even come close to the other star trek movies.
B000001Y2U|5.0|First of all, if you believe in the Rapture, angels, and heaven and hell, THIS CD ISN'T FOR YOU. It will upset you too much. Go back into your shells of self-made guilt and hide from the world. Meanwhile, the rest of us will  listen to this album and note the quality, the creativity, and the sheer  audacity it took to create such a bold work. It challenges deeply held  beliefs and ideals as Marilyn Manson casts himself as an antichrist in a  concept album of, shall I say, Biblical proportions. He evokes Nazi-esque  flavorings in his audience chants on the album with, &quot;WE HATE LOVE! WE  LOVE HATE! to put the fear in true-believers. He uses creepy sound effects  to give the listener a sense of evil that hasn't been done before in modern  rock. Surprisingly, &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; is an album of fierce  energy, and passionate expression. This album is not Goth because Goth is  too monotonous and boring to be taken seriously. It's not punk because punk  is stripped down music, and Manson's music is anything but. This album is  theater at it's best. Sure, Brian Warner has an interest in Anton LaVey's  Church of Satan, but only as a way to attract more attention. We should all  accept Manson first and foremost as a rock performer unequalled in this era  of dumbed down slop like Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, et al. Besides,  anyone that can attract hundreds of feeble-minded people chanting prayers  like mind-numbed zombies at each of his shows, HAS GOT to have talent.  Manson attracts more believers to his shows than churches. What does that  say about the poor fools praying for him? Here's one vote for a movie  version of the album! That would be amazing!
B00001ZWTS|3.0|I was a big fan of the show when it was on television, so I approached this video with caution.  I'm glad I did.  Smith and Kline generated a good on-screen chemistry, but for &quot;Wild, Wild West&quot; fans, it pales  compared to the show.  I think the gadgets stretched credibility, and was  distracted by some of the anachronisms.  Worth watching in itself, but  don't expect too much.
B000002H33|5.0|Every new band has a breakout album - An album where they find their own style, their own voice, and their music ceases to sound like their influences. For instance, The Beatles' breakout album was (arguably)  &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band.&quot; It was when they were  finally making music that wasn't simply rock 'n roll cover tunes and Buddy  Holly ripoffs. Another example is Led Zeppelin. Their first 3 albums were  heavily influenced by other blues artists, other songs, and various  influences. It wasn't until their fourth album that they found their voice  - A sound that was as unique as a freshly fallen snowflake. Metallica's  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is their breakout album. Their previous two  releases, &quot;Kill 'Em All,&quot; and &quot;Ride the Lightning,&quot;  were odes to the British heavy metal scene of the late Seventies and early  Eighties. It wasn't until THIS album that Metallica began to depart from  their Brit-metal roots and write music that was uniquely their own. It is  also the album where critics took notice, and the Metallica fan-base began  to swell at tremendous proportions. If you are new to Metallica's music,  don't get &quot;S&amp;M&quot; or their self-titled &quot;Metallica&quot;  albums first. Buy this because you will hear them at their heaviest, their  ballsiest, and their cockiest. Quite frankly, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;  is their hardest, most complex album, and they have yet to surpass it.
B000002H70|5.0|this cd becomes a way of life for those who can relate to what robert is saying so poetically.  this cd is beyond any form or classification.  besides unbelieveably well done.  if you're starting into the cure, get  this or wish.  and i would say this, but . . .
B000002L9J|5.0|Dan from Syracuse; you need to get your tutu on more often, son. This pop platter is beatiful &amp; Funny &amp; perfect listening for those long winter evenings lying alone in an open grave.Sod them with their triumphs  &amp; charms: you should hear me play pee-an-ar. Toptastic
0684872153|5.0|I wonder at people who call this book &quot;depressing&quot; and desire not to know about the reality of life. Unfortunately, they'll never understand the courage and the humanity of those who take what they have in  life, do the best they can, and then share whatever they have left with  others. Frank McCort is a remarkable man, a real person, with faults and  talents. It is his unabashed telling of his childhood which makes his  memoir so compelling, so intense, and so very REAL. If you can't handle  this book, perhaps you need to take off the rose colored glasses and start  living.
B000002L9J|5.0|Dan from Syracuse; you need to get your tutu on more often, son. This pop platter is beatiful &amp; Funny &amp; perfect listening for those long winter evenings lying alone in an open grave.Sod them with their triumphs  &amp; charms: you should hear me play pee-an-ar. Toptastic
B000021Y7X|5.0|Okay, so you already know that Stop Making Sense is a great movie, or you probably wouldn't be here reading this.  But if you are thinking of buying it on VHS, stop!  If you don't have a DVD player, let go of the past and  buy one so you can watch this the way it was meant to be watched!  Too many  DVDs don't utilize the vast amount of space availible in disk format.  Stop  Making Sense is not one of these inferior DVDs.  You can watch the movie  with band commentary, compare Byrne's original storyboard to the film, and  see that delightful little gem David Byrne Interviews. . .David Byrne.  Oh,  that cracks me up.  But I am about to let you in on a little secret about  this DVD that you won't find in any other review.  By far the greatest  extra feature on this DVD is a trailer for another DVD, a cheap Jamaican  film called Dancehall Queen.  You can find it under the Special Features  menu.  Then go to Hyperactive, and then to DVD Trailers.  If you can form  any sort of narrative from this wacky trailer, I'll be a monkey's uncle.   But it's great, I love it!  So much better than boiled boot water!  Just  watch it.
0140177396|5.0|Like most of us, I had to read this book for school in eleventh grade.  I have re-read it 6 times since then, and even saw the movie a couple of times.  (Only movie that equals the book, by the way).  This book is a  classic.  I fell in love with George and Lennie from the moment I met them.   The characters in this book simply shine.  Anyone who has a sensitive side  will enjoy the book.  A definite book to put on your to-do list!
6304806442|5.0|What a fantastic movie. Trainspotting is an excellent movie following on in the tradition of Shallow Grave. One minute your laughing the next minute your shocked as the twists of Mark Rentons life unfold. It is a must see  movie for all movie buffs showing that Scotland isn't just Kilts and Haggis  but that it has another side to it that not everyone sees. You have to buy  this movie.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD rocks!  These guys are awesome.  Be sure to check out the lyrics if you sometimes can't understand what they are saying.  These guys have a grip on real life!  Unlike Green Day, none of these tracks sound the same.   Good for parties or just rockin' the house!   Also, check out Blink 182 in  American Pie!
006016848X|2.0|Having read the book before taking numerous communication classes at a creditible university. My opinion of the book has changed. Many people who rarely read communication books will welcome this book with open arms. For  their limited knowledge of other method of saving or perserving a  relationship. That is why there is a large gap in the ratings from 5  stars-1 star, you either hate it or you love it. I believe most of the  people who have rated this book 1 star have done their homework and feel  that this book was just a bunch of bull. Because he does not complete the  communication process and comes up with very few new ideas. For those that  are extremely pleased with this book please read some other books listed  here cause you will find that the study of communication is fasinating, and  there are even more tools out there that not only helps you understand your  partner, but also maintains your relationship. Don't just read one book.
0446310786|5.0|I liked this book alot I thought it was really good, The beging was a little boaring but as you get to reading it, it starts to get really interesting! Harper Lee did a good job at developing the characters in this  novel.
B000002AZ8|4.0|This album is Pearl Jam's best by far.  10 of the songs are excellent.  Maybe if they had left off the filler (Pry To, Bugs, Aye Davanita, and &quot;Mop&quot;) it wouldn't be panned so much by critics.
0385006896|5.0|I loved this book. Not only did it have every Sherlock Holmes story, complete, it had an interesting preface.  I'm a fan of these stories and was happy to see a complete version.  Even lesser known stories were  brought out.  I like how it follows in the order in which they were  written, and his life. A great book!
6301934229|4.0|Well executed psychological thriller with nice blend of story and action. One of the great thrillers from the 80's.  Rutger Hauer is terrific in this film, on par with his performance in Blade Runner. This film effectively deals with the issue of fear, how it haunts a person, how it consumes, and how that person becomes one.
B000002AS3|4.0|I first heard of Oasis when I saw Noel (who writes all the songs) saying Burt Bacharach was a great hero of his in the &quot;This Is Now&quot; BBC special about Bacharach narrated by Dusty Springfield and aired on PBS in  the US. I was also struck by their decision to include a Bacharach picture  in the lower left-hand side of the  &quot;Definitely Maybe&quot; album. I  bought this CD but I did not like it. But I started to pay attention to the  group's more recent material and though it was much better than the vast  majority of pop rock out there. I went back to this album and it sounds a  lot better now. I can understand those who think it is their best album,  although I am not sure I agree. How Oasis knew it was good from the  beginning I don't know, but it may have something to do with Noel's good  taste in music...
6305428425|5.0|Let me tell u something, this movie is the best movie of all time! My friend and I still crack up laughing every time we watch it. It just keeps getting better! It is full of histerical comedy. Lisa kudrow is hilarious!
6305508550|3.0|The previous reviewer said it better: it was good until the plot kicked in. <br />Many opportunities were lost in this movie. The multiple bosses, the consultants who are evaluating who to lay off, the silly procedures - all  could've been portrayed as more political, more futile or evil. Instead  these people are portrayed as cartoonish little characters that you would  see in a silly musical about office life.<br />The white collar crime part was  the majority of the story and scotched the fun we were having so far.  <br />The ending was a bummer, too. I won't spoil it for you, but the  screenwriters must not have held jobs outside the office environment if  they think that other non-office professions are so ideal.
B000002H2H|5.0|they are a mainstream band .yes us underground folks are not into mainstream that much .if not at all .but we are die hard metal fans .and i would like to take time to prove something here with this album .as well as  other metallica releases metallica are metal unlike the stuff out there  that calls themselves metal and aint ..metallica for instance this ablum is  a classic even some your die hard underground fanatic love this album i do  one my all time faves ride the lightning,as well as my all time fave fade  to black there is such compassion in that song would bring tears to your  eyes so heart felt. but few underground heads take time to see what  metallica are is they are really metal and we should rather then say they  are sellouts whooooopie they are metal we want metal or do we want the  likes of manson or korn to take over our industry we started and push good  bands away .rather then give them the chance ..least metallica are listed  as influences under true metal bands.and good to see when a metal band has  them listed under there inspirtions list. now korn,etc call themselves  metal yet they aren't .metallica gee has mercyful fate and others now they  are sellouts but i give them credit they are metal and i know my  underground friends may not like me praising up a mainstream band like this  but i am proud to cause least metallica are metal and staying true to metal  unchanged may they be forever metal metallica rules.hail.outta here
B00000JGOH|1.0|This must ahve been the most over-rated movie of 1999. Those people that nominated it for so many Oscars were kidding, right? Elizabeth was so much better.And as for people calling this &quot;imaginative&quot; and  &quot;innovative&quot; Shakespeare. I call it an unnecessary butchering of  a poet whose plays are so imaginative and innovative in themselves, that  belittleing his motivations and reasons for writing &quot;Romeo and  Juliet&quot; was a terrible thing to do.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is the best band. It like korn and Limpbizkit with with a more techno beat. There hit &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; is the best song out right now, go out and buy the album. I just got it and it is the best. Go  get Slipknot it Rules!
0440219078|5.0|I thought this book was one of the best I have ever read in my life. I could not put it down. I spent hours thinking about it after I read it. I had a new understanding for life after I read it and how memories are so important. I definantly recomend that you should read this book. It dose  not matter if you are 12 or 50 you will love it.
B000001E7L|5.0|I just can't get enough of this cd.  And I am not even a cranberries fan. This truly is a fantastic cd, listen deep.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Thank God Fiona Apple had the sense not to fall into the trap so many artists fall into after having a successful debut.  How many oh-so-important follow up masterpieces have we been asked to endure over  the last few years.  By keeping the number of tracks to ten and packing  those tracks with character and guts, Fiona has come up with a brilliant  album.  Where as a lot of people I tried to introduce Tidal to were  unconvinced, When The Pawn has been embraced by everyone I know that has  heard it.  Her voice and song writing are strong, her lyrics are inspiring.   Check this out.
0783114893|2.0|The first 20 or 30 minutes of The Hitcher are really well done and genuinely frightening.  After that it breaks down into a film of strung-together, ludicrous plot devices and nothing more.  The film does  nothing but turn your stomach for the remainder.  Many people enjoy it, but  I'd see it first before purchasing it.
B000002IV8|5.0|i have few of there albums this one happens to be my fave right from the song i hear black which is bout the son of sam killer .to the song shades of grey .and its true you don't hear the metal like this no more .do  yourself a favor you want to hear  a true metal band pick up this cd by  overkill .every metal head needs to have at least one overkill in there  collection if not then do get one not pass up overkill they are way to much  a superior metal band and i hear black is a excellent album to start with  for the new comers to this band.thanks.cya outta here ..
6305537313|5.0|What i admir more than anything is the fact that Audrey Hepurn makes an upscale prostitute look innocent!  only audrey has that gift.
B000002GG0|5.0|I have always really loved Cat Steven's, but a couple years ago was the peak of my admiration for him.  Since then I've gotten sick of a lot of it and only listen occastionally.  But, no doubt about it, I listen to  Forieghner most often.  Unlike other albums Foreighner seems to be one long  song (maybe because it's composed of only 5, but still..)  The music is  amazing and the lyrics really make you think.  In my opinion, it is Cat  Steven's best work.
6303402348|5.0|1994 featured the two most interesting central characters to ever grace the silver screen.  They were Andy Dufresne (The Shawshank Redemption) and Forrest Gump, played respectively by Tim Robbins and Tom Hanks.  Both films  from which the characters originate I consider to be in the top five best  movies of all time and it's the actors that makes the characters come to  life that makes the films so magnificent.<br /> Forrest Gump is a drama and a  comedy.  It tells the tale of a mildly retarded man who becomes involved  accidentally in the biggest events of the sixties, seventies, and eighties.   All throughout his life since he was a child, Forrest has been in love  with a girl named Jenny (Robin Wright Penn).  However, she refuses him only  because she loves him too much and doesn't want to hurt him.  <br />Underrated  by audiences, Forrest Gump is simply an amazing film.  I was surprised by  how hilarious and moving it was.  The film generates many big laughs that  involve how Forrest initiated and inspired many events in recent history  such as how he was the one who taught Elvis Presley to dance and the time  he unknowingly ratted on the Plumbers of Watergate.<br />The performances are  what make this film memorable.  Tom Hanks gives one of the best leading  performances of the decade (and possibly of all time).  Coming in almost as  good is Gary Sinise as the misanthropic lieutenant whose life is changed  after becoming involved with Forrest in the shrimp business.  The  supporting cast which consists of Wright Penn, Sally Field, Mykelti  Williamson, and Haley Joel Osment (of Sixth Sense fame) also deliver good  performances.<br />Forrest Gump is a great film that has to be seen to be  believed.  Cynics might find some problems with this film but they would  just be missing the entire point.  This is essentially a film about how the  most innocent and kind person on Earth has a low IQ and how he views the  world.  His journey is simply breathtaking.
B000003N89|5.0|This is the best standard jazz album i`ve ever heard, Diana sings so smooth, it`s like she have done it so many times. She is alsoo a great pianist! The musik is easy and refreshing, very good Diana!
6305657947|2.0|I remember the original and I thought it was a C+ movie but nothing else. This version had good casting and the initial art museum scene was fun. Beyond that, I was bored. It was like a two hour movie of &quot;Lifestyles  Of The Rich and Famous&quot; interupted by a few nude scenes of Rene Russo.
0783107986|5.0|The ability to present facts so thoughtfully while at the same time driving home some of the most visually dramatic scenes ever captured on tape, put this together with the awesome sound track and the incredible  voice of Sir Lawrence Olivier and you have perhaps the greatest war  documentary ever achieved. Awesome and inspiring, brimming with historical  fact and intrique that is anchored into your psyche by the perfectly  narrated and soundtracked epic. I have personally watched this documentary  in its entirety over 7 times. No small feat but time well spent. I carry  its images in my mind and dreams and conjure up images felt every time I  think about men in war.
0876855575|5.0|I have started with Bukowski books 3 months ago, and Ham on Rye and Notesof a dirty old man is the best I have ever read from him. Hank is unsortable author and in Czech Rebublic he became to grow favorite.
B000003TA4|5.0|ok, listen to me people, this is one of the best albums of all time, so go and buy it like right now, then learn guitar, and you life will never be the same, also nevermind about those people who give it bad reviews, they  are out of their heads, its amazing
B00000IPAX|5.0|I DONT KNOW WHY ALL THOSE PEOPLE SAY THAT BLINK ARE POSERS.THEYRE NOT POP THEYRE STILL PUNK AND STILL THE BEST. ESPECIALLY ON THIS CD. I MEAN IT ROCKS ITS THE BEST CD, I WOULD OF GIVEN IT A SIX.ANOTHER THING I WANNA SAY  IS THAT I THINK THEY ARE SOOOO HOT ESPECIALLY TRAVIS THAT NEVER TALKS.WELL  ANYWAYS IF YOUR LOOKING FOR AGREAT PUNK CD ITS ENEMA.....BLINK STILL  ROCKS!
6304535570|5.0|I first saw this show on TV.  I wasn't satisfied with all the commercials, so I rented the video.  They cut out quite a bit in the TV show.  I absolutly loved Val and Elisabeth's chemistry.  I would love to fall in  love the way they did.  It was so romantic!  I thought Mr. Kilmer's part  was played magnificiantly.  He changed characters with ease.  Truly a  gifted performer.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who needs a good  love story.
0515125024|3.0|Not a bad book.  Not usually an Action fan, but found it to be very thrilling but... Too much description of all things, my eyes eventually grazed over all the nitty gritty descriptions of weapons, mathematics to  town layout. Can imagine this one in Hollywood.
B00001ZWTT|5.0|in this movie I loved how kevin kline slipped a knife in his shoe. Will Smith is outragiosly funny and so is kevin kline. I've got 6 words for you. THE FUNIEST MOVIE OF ALL TIME
B00000HZFH|5.0|This is an album that I just keep coming back to and never get sick of.  Hear it once and you'll be just about forced to purchase every Built to Spill album.  I don't really know what to compare it to; I guess if Velvet  Underground had about 10x more complexity you might get something close.  A  perfect example of what is right with rock and roll today.  What's wrong  with rock and roll?  This CD isn't topping nationwide charts.
B000003TBP|5.0|What can be said about this album that hasn't been said?  A whole lot!  While most music listeners know this album only for &quot;Where It's At&quot;, that song is the weak link on the CD (and I still love the  song!).  The true standouts on this album are &quot;Novacane&quot; simply  for the killer guitar lick,  &quot;Jackass&quot; with its folky groove,  &quot;Sissyneck&quot; for somehow causing country and hip-hop to breed, and  the most understated (and powerful) track, &quot;Ramshackle&quot;.  This CD  blows away anything before it, and in all likelihood (with the wonderful  exception of Radiohead), will blow away anything to come.  This may be a  brief review, but what else do you need to know?  Get this CD!
0800141709|5.0|Stanley Kubrick portrayed his perception of the psychotic, belligerent and ignorant nature of man, morally throughout his films. This is his epitomy and finest masterpiece of this philosophy. And he used the ideals of war,  insanity and ignorance to exemplify these as the product of man. And the  tools of sardonism and irony are what produce the humor within the  dialogue, yet we are only laughing at either ourselves or our lives.  Kubrick was clearly anti-war because he knew that war was solely a result  of man's instinctive competitiveness and desire to win, and this man left  it the burden of innocent, impartial people to fight his battles. And all  whom are pro-was bear the same instinct as those who begin wars. Watch the  film for its symbolic greatness or watch it for its cinematic and visual  powers.
B000031XCR|5.0|Many people dislike Celine Dion because they feel she is too dramatic.  Others like her voice but feel she chooses the songs poorly.  However, even if you are one of those people, this album will prove to be a delight if  you can appreciate vocal talent at all.  All of her new songs on this album  are some of her best ever. &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot;  is absolutely beautiful.  This is a definite MUST HAVE!  I hope Celine  has a wonderful break....she deserves it!
B00002MZ12|4.0|For a long time, I kind of liked Alanis. You know what I mean, I disliked the whole angst thing, but her songs were catchy. They were a little overproduced and her voice was a little annoying so I never bothered to buy  the first album. I recently saw Alanis with Tori Amos on tour and she  almost out performed Tori, one of the best live performers there is. I  bought this album, and was surprised at the poignancy and happiness.  &quot;You Learn&quot; is excellent as well as the brave, uplifting  &quot;That I Would Be Good.&quot; It is acoustic, so you can't really go  wrong with production. I like it a lot, and I'm looking forward to more  from her as she continues to find her own voice and not just the voice of  her producers.
B00000JFV9|5.0|You know the best I can do for someone looking this up is say, &quot;BUY THIS CD!&quot;  Trust me.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|this album is really soothing and i know that she does not have the best voice but it is not the worst. If we are going to jump on bad voices, then please, lets start with brandy. jennifer flashed her body a lot before the  album came out so whats the difference. Should she stick to acting only?  That would be her business. At least she does not try to screech her  limited vocal range out like other singers. She's more on the vocal level  as Aaliyah. They know they're limited so they just make do and get bold  here and there. No, I do not think she is biting ff of noone, including  selena. That was a movie role. And come on, Selena has passed away. Do some  of you guys really think that she would do that to a deceased person?
0812523334|5.0|Little Women is one of the best books I've ever read.  I like the TV show &quot;Little Men&quot; so my mom suggested I read the &quot;beginning of the story.&quot;  I was reluctant at first, but once I got into it I  couldn't put it down!   I like how all of the 4 sisters were close to  eachother.  Amy really got on my nerves because she was so snobby and  ladylike, but all of the other characters were interesting.  It is  definitely one I'll read again.
B000002TWN|5.0|D'Angelo is the man!  If you have any doubt about that you need to have your head checked.  This album is my all time favorite.  From beginning to end the album had me feeling good.  It feels like he dedicated the songs  directly to me!  I recommend this album to anyone from old people to young  people.
B00000FCBC|2.0|Surprisingly bad: it deflected me even before I put it into the CD-player, when I saw a big, doubtlessly one of the greatest metal bands ever behaving like a band of four fairly talented teenagers who are unable to make their  own song: after seven studio albums, an idea of a double album featuring  covers seems slightly... preposterous. As for the sound, it's a lot like the  sound on previous two albums - Load and Reload, although it does feature  some great hits (that are also covers) from previous days, such as \\"Am I  evil\\", one of my favourite songs Metallica ever released. Some songs seem  to work perfectly, such as \\"Whiskey in the Jar\\", \\"Loverman\\", \\"Die My  Darling\\", but some songs are definitely... wrong. Although, for all the  collectionars and Metallica fans, this album is a must - Metallica proved  (although by the price of originality) that they can play some of the songs  better than the actual authors. On the other hand, if you're a heavy metal  fan who can't live a day without Manowar, Black Sabbath or Iron Maiden  injection, better stop on the \\"Black Album\\" and go no further.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Once I heard $3 Dollar Bill Yallz I thought Limp Bizkit was amazing, so I went out and bought this cd the day it came out.  At first I thought it was excellent, and I loved every song.  Now I've listened to it a little more  and I think some of the songs just don't belong on the cd.  Like the song  &quot;N2gether Now&quot; featuring Method Man is nothing like the other  songs,and the song &quot;A Lesson Learned&quot; is just plain and slow.   One thing I thought was a good idea was at the end of the album there is a  7 minute song of clips that are pretty funny since one is making fun of the  backstreet boys.  I'm not saying this a bad album,it is acutally very good.   The rest of the songs are awesome and if you liked $3 Dollar Bill  Yallz,then this you have to get.
B000002UUX|5.0|Mustaine and Freidman's guitar playing is nearly unsurpassed by metal artists anywhere, Rust in Peace is a perfect example of the kind of metal album that should be kicking everyone in the [rear] today. Unlike most of the mindless noise you'll hear from bands like Cradle of Filth or Coal Chamber, Megadeth combined clever lyrics with awsome intrumentals to make Rust in Peace one hell of an album. At the price they're asking, this one should be a must buy for metal fans everywhere.
6301978587|5.0|yentl, the yeshiva boy story is an extremely touching portrayl of  womans position in middle eastern europe at the turn of the century.Yentls passion to learn and her devotion to the torah at times make the modern female  viewer feel grateful for the right to an education, which is commonly taken  for granted. The direction is brilliant and the intense scenes where the  scholars, including our friend Barbra, are debating the written words are  enchanting. All the music is superb both in audible appreciation and timing  in the film. Yentl is another film in which Barbra shines as the  &quot;greatest star&quot; and not suprisingly she was robbed again at the  academys in the best  actress and director categories, all i can conclude  is jealousy is a curse!
B000003BEM|5.0|This is one of the greatesr albums of any genre I've ever heard.  It has some of everything and if you can't appreciate it, then you aren't much or a music fan.  The entire thing is just very, very good.  I bought it  because I've always liked &quot;Sympathy for the Devil&quot;...but the rest  of the songs hold up so well play afer play.  Since getting this album  about 4 months ago...I've bought 4 other Rolling Stones albums.  I've liked  them all...but this one is by far the best.
0062502182|5.0|Coelho is here at his best.  After reading Alchemist you'll be disturbed, because it touches each one of us whatever we believe in, wherever we are.  Alchemist should be on everybody's side bed so we can take read and read  over and over again.
0553296981|5.0|It shows the strength of a girl during the war and how she survives it with great strength and humility. Reading her diary also tells of her live as a teenager during turbulent times. This is a must-read for everyone.
0062502182|5.0|Coelho is here at his best.  After reading Alchemist you'll be disturbed, because it touches each one of us whatever we believe in, wherever we are.  Alchemist should be on everybody's side bed so we can take read and read  over and over again.
B00000DQWT|3.0|I bought this CD for the one song &quot;CHRIS&quot; and it was worth it!  I had heard this cut many times on jazz stations but they never announced who it was! When I found it was Pat metheny, I could not find it anywhere.  That cut is positively mesmerizing!Interesting to hear David Bowie, too!  Thank You Amazon for stocking everything we need!
B000031WD8|3.0|I would have enjoyed American Pie much more had I not seen any of the trailers or read any of the reviews. I am not exaggerating when I say that every major scene was given away in the advertising. Still, it's worth a  rental, and if you are one of the lucky people that hasn't heard much about  it, by all means, check it out.<br />The disc is very well done, even if its  extras aren't as interesting as some other Universal Special Editions. The  commentary track is very funny.
B00000K2SC|2.0|The first half-hour of this movie had me pleasantly surprised. Its premise was going somewhere interesting, the pace was good, and (the biggest surprise of all) Keanu Reeves wasn't that annoying...then they woke him up.  From there on in Keanu's lack of talent rose blindingly to the surface and  the movie degenerated into a misguided &quot;let's kill EVERYBODY&quot;  shoot-em-up that lost me very quickly. It's a shame, really, because I feel  that this movie really could have gone somewhere worthwhile instead of  stooping to such over-done tactics.
6303212379|5.0|This movie is awesome. It has a great plot and a great group of actors. I reccomend that everyone see this movie at least once. The action scenes are great and its got great humor. My favorite part is at the end when everyone  watches the pirate ship sail off into the ocean. I can't even begin to  count how many times I have watched it, but it gets better every time.
B00003XACV|5.0|I'm listening to it for the first time now (although I've already seen the movie twice), and I just love it. It's so different from anything you regularly hear, and it's good for any mood/situation, because the songs  dont have vocals.
0670647500|5.0|I was inspired to read this book when I heard the Bob Dylan song &quot;Hurricane&quot;.  This amazing book is a moving account of Rubin Carter's life written by Rubin himself while he was in prison.  The stories  of his life in prison and the battles he fought were great. I couldn't put  the book down.  The only problem with this book is that it is out of print  and very hard to track down. It is defintely one of the best books I have  ever read.
068484267X|5.0|Well, I must admit, I had never heard of this book before I saw it on a book store shelf and thought, &quot;Hey, my name is Angela, too!&quot;, so I bought it just to see what happens to Angela and her ashes. I was  pleasantly surprised when I read this book to find a look inside the life  of a boy who lives such a hard life and actually makes it out of his dire  straits. I've been to Ireland, found it fascinating, and this book helped  me to understand the culture of the Catholics in Ireland and the  &quot;melting pot&quot; of the U.S. a bit more. Angela's Ashes is a very  different book in the way that it is written. It was a nice change from the  ordinary style of commas and quotes. It made me want to keep reading! I  highly recommend Angela's Ashes. It may be depressing, but no one's life is  a field of apples and fresh cow's milk all the time. Buy this book!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is truly amazing.  For one thing, it contains my favorite song, &quot;exit music (for a film),&quot; but the rest of the album is also spectacular.  Sure, I liked Pablo Honey, with its pop-like stuff, and I  loved The Bends, with its amazing but not clichd force that I never really  got tired of, but this even rises above that.  It's like a  &quot;normal&quot; mix of pop and all-out rock music but with such  marvelous songs that they don't need to go fast.  This, to me, is amazing.
068484267X|5.0|I've already given my review of this book, but I must add that this is Frank McCourt's LIFE, not just another novel. For those who say this book is depressing, I think it might do you some good to find a slum in your  city and walk around a bit. Mr. McCourt has done an amazing thing by  bringing his chilhood to print for all of us to experience through his  words. It would also do you a bit of good to reflect on your life, where  you came from, what was handed to you, what you really had to work for.  Frank McCourt has truly lived a life that he made from nothing. I look  forward to &quot;'Tis&quot;, and hope that those of you who have a hard  time with depression and poverty never get thrown out of your house or  high-rise. Won't you be shocked.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I will admit that this is an awesome CD, but compared to earlier efforts such as &quot;Everything is Wrong&quot; (my personal favorite), it's not all that great.  Some tracks even get boring at times, and  &quot;Bodyrock&quot; is a little too mainstream and conformist for my  tastes.  I would still strongly recommend the CD, but get his other ones  first.
B000023VR6|4.0|Someone recently suggested that i write a review for Dr. Dre 2001 to boost my helpful votes and too prove i'm not biased against mainstream artist or west coast music. It was a light-hearted joke, but considering the 4 star  rating, some may still innsinuate those sentiments. After all, i've counted  roughly 50 five star reviews(and that is before i got tired of tallying).  But in all fairness, calling  2001 a five, even two months after its  release is pretty impulsive. Unlike like the original (yes i know its  cliche to compare the two), 2001 needs a little more time to reach the  legendary status of those truly groundbreaking records that we will always  remember. Very few records have. This is a great record though. An assured  statement to say the least. But you have probably already heard that. But  what makes it great? The music... duh. All jokes aside, Dre is the most  influential producer of his time. And too prove it, not one completely wack  track out of 22. Many don't realize the extent of Dre's achievement and  probably won't for years. I mean who can stake a claim at what he has done,  again. No one in hip-hop can claim that they produced work in their  mid-thirties that approached the greatness of their early twenties.  Regardless of age, the time span between superb albums is almost unheard  of. And let us not forget that the somewhat positive Dre recieved a  lukewarm reception for The Aftermath project. So even LL may have to call  this a comeback. Yeah, he returned to the concepts he said he was through  with, gangbanging, setclaiming, weedsmoke, and chickenhead dismissing. But  hey, that is what we love him for. Besides, this time he is the mature  overseer, letting the young guns do most of the damage. The hunger that  established stars such as Eminem and the revitilized Snoop display is  reminiscent of those up and coming stars on The Chronic. Speaking of  reminiscing, that is what Dre does best on this one. Check for songs like  &quot;The Message&quot; to see what i'm talking about. It will be a little  redundant to delve too far into each track, but a few deserve mention.  First off, the upbeat, Jay-Z inked lead single &quot;Still D.R.E.&quot; is  great and should serve as the standard of the album. It doesn't hit you  like &quot;Nuthin But a G Thang&quot; though, you remember where you where  the first time you heard that. My personal favorite is &quot;What's the  Difference&quot; featuring lyrics from Dre, Eminem, and Xzibit and killer  horn laced riffs. This albums musical greatness is enough to predict  another west coast rise. But is definitely more of a personal victory for  Dr. Dre. Like Mos Def's Black On Both Sides, Amazon.com needs 4.5 stars for  this one.  And finally, one more comparison. Chronic 2001 doesn't knock you  out with a huge, unexpected blow you never saw coming, but with more  presise jabs that leave you temporarily stunned. Big ups Dr. Dre, heres to  lighting up another fire bag.
0451169514|5.0|&quot;It&quot; is greater than everything else that he has done combined.  How could he keep up that intensity for more than thousand pages?
B000002BBY|5.0|i bought this album when i was 12yrs old (now i am 16)this album is really really awesome...this album reminded me a lot of  happy memories and the album itself influence me to learn guitar! Liam Gallagher has got really an  awesome voice and noel plays a really good guitar...beside oasis i also  like bands like Slipknot,silverchair,Coal Chamber,Fear Factory and stuff  like that but out of all of this OASIS is my no1 band!
B000000HHE|5.0|Wow! This is without a doubt one of the most amazing rap albums of all time. De La Soul has so many original and wonderful songs on this disc that I wonder why this isn't one of the best selling rap albums of all time. The  Magic Number, Buddy, Change In Speak, Ghetto Thing, Eye Know, Tread Water,  Me Myself and I and the original Plug Tunin are songs I never get tired of  listing to. Great lyrics and even better beats have made the members of De  La Soul instant rap masters in my opinion. My favorite song is Say No Go. I  love the scratches and samples and give props to Posdnuos for creating such  a masterpiece. Do you own this CD? If the answer is no, ORDER IT NOW and  see what you've been missing.
0385486804|4.0|This book tells the story of a man who literally dropped out.  Not just rented a trailer in the desert and did a GenX thing, but someone who really had a social agenda and idealism.  Yes, Chris McCandless thought big.<br />But  Jon Krakauer presents this story on an intimate scale, so that while  reading the story, even if you were inclined to dismiss McCandless as a  60's throwback, you couldn't.  <br />The most admirable thing about this book  is that it doesn't satirize *or* elevate McCandless needlessly, but is a  spare, elegant biography.  It is clearly the work of a good reporter (he  follows McCandless's footsteps and leaves no stone unturned), but it also  creates a textured story, full of the melancholy that McCandless's awful  death deserves.  <br />A clear and incisive look at McCandless's motivations,  as well as a meditation on modern society, Krakauer has created a true page  turner.
B000023VR6|5.0|Forgot about Dre? I didn't, and after listening to Chronic 2001 I realized why. Dre is hands down the best producer/rapper of all time, and this album proves that. His beats are top notch and his vocals are unforgettable. The  Dr. returns with an album that will go down in history as one of the best  rap albums of all time. If you are a hardcore rap fan you must have this in  you collection. IF you are new to the rap game I STRONGLY SUGGEST you pick  this album up, and you will see what true hip-hop is all about.
B00000295A|5.0|If you heard it, you know- simply incredible!  Perhaps my favorite of all J's albums.
B000022TT4|5.0|If I ever had to defend rock'n'roll in front of a grand jury, I'd submit this DVD as &quot;Exhibit A&quot;. A stunning Dolby Digital 5.1 channel masterpiece. Play it with a good sound system. Crank it up. <br />I have to  admit that I really like U2's sound so I unashamedly admit that this review  is biased.
B00000K19E|5.0|Is saw this movie in theatre 4 times, just because it's one of the greatest SFX-movies ever. An instant classic for it's good story and starring actors. Just sit down, turn out the lights, and be amazed by this  action-movie-of-the-year. You won't be dissapointed, unless you don't like  sf-action, then you should buy Disney's 'Bambi' (great too...)
B000009QPG|5.0|Slayer has always had a sound that has kind of made other &quot;metal&quot; bands figurativley put their tails between their legs and go pout in the corner. This album is the high point of it all. from  &quot;war ensemble&quot; to the title track at the end it just all gels  together and creates one long musical journey. I believe this is the last  album with the best line up: Kerry King, Thom Araya, Jeff Hanamen(sp?)and  Dave Lombardo. If you never got to see these guys live when this album came  out at the end of the speed metal craze of the late 80s/early 90's you  missed something incredible. I once saw them with Megadeth, and as great as  Dave Mustaine thinks he is, ther was no comparison. Buy it and like it!
6303481272|5.0|I'm not a fan of animation, not unless it has &quot;Disney&quot; in the title, but I ended up watching this on the late show one night. I left it on, because there was nothing else to watch, but soon found myself  engrossed. It turned out to be better than most *live* movie's I've seen. I  loved it so much the following day I went in search of it for purchase.  Well worth it, I've lent it to other non-anime fans and they've loved it as  well.
0792842731|4.0|First of all, I know the Bond films well, and this fits the formula perfectly: exotic locales, a great villain, and gadgets and of course women! From the opening credits I was enraptured as this Spy who Love  Me-ish Bond film played before me...until Bond reaches Saigon, which  instantly, it becomes a Jackie-Chan, Arnold Schwarzenegger hybrid. The  first half in Hamburg, Germany was brilliant, especially the scene with  Bond and Kaufmann, which in a great burst of nostalgia from the days of  Connery reminded me of Dr. No's scene when Bond kills Prof. Dent in cold  blood. Riveting, scene, that had the Connery-tongue and cheek style.  <br />although I am a fan of Sheryl Crow, her Bond song just didnt cut it for  me (She's know Shirley Bassey!), so why then MGM did you not use K.D Lang'  end song as the title one! It is a tribute to Bassey's Goldfinger and  Diamonds are Forever, full of power and sincerity. The theme song even  appears in David Arnold's wonderful Barry tribute of a score. So those are  the minuses. <br />The plus is however is Brosnan, finished with the cold  demanour he passed off in GoldenEye, he effectively becomes Sean Connery  wonderfully (interesting enough in TWINE he becomes a cross between Roger  Moore and Connery!) and puts through a great performance. Though not on my  top ten list, its my number 11 for sure, cause it just doesnt match the  style of On Her Majesty's Secret Service, From Russia With Love,  Goldfinger, The Living Daylights, or For Your Eyes Only.  Then there are  the action sequences! The opening to TND's is excellent, and well  orchestrated, as is Bond's ride in the BMW in the hotel parking garage!  that was masterful! As was the bike scene in saigon (though a little too  long).   The next film The World is Not Enough, is a far better film. But  Tommorow is vibrant and exciting and never lets up. One of the good ones.
0553213105|4.0|Pride and Prejudice was the book that introduced me to Jane Austen. I find the love story between Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth simply irresistible. Will they get together? That kept me in agony. I have to admit that it was hard  to follow at times, but it still kept me in suspense. It is so obvious that  today's female (and some male) writers emulate Austen's writing, writing  touching romantic comedies. This is definitely one of the books that I'm  proud to keep on my bookshelf.
0694003611|1.0|I would definitely pass this book up.  The picture on each page is nearly exactly the same as the picture on every other page - and they are all boring.  The words are completely uninteresting.  One advantage to this  book, is that it does put you and your baby to sleep.  My one year old and  I enjoy many, many books together (her favorite is The Very Quiet Cricket),  but this is not one that she enjoys at all.
6305358567|4.0|It is a fine movie, and if you enjoy  movies set in the past, then this movie  is for you.
B000006ZPY|5.0|Say what you want about &quot;Sabbath in the 80s&quot; but this is a fantastic record. Tony Martin's vocals were never as &quot;on&quot; before or since; the band gelled, wrote some great material, and put out a  classic, memorable, and energetic album which ranks with the best material  Sabbath has ever released. Listen for a sparkling (and, depending on which  release of the disc you get, uncredited) Brian May solo on &quot;When Death  Calls.&quot; The crowning achievement of the Martin catalog, and the band's  best complete new work between 1981 and the present.
6304913176|5.0|I really, really, really, really liked the movie because it was really bloody and gorey movie.               bye,bye
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors were a number of bands that had seminal releases in that magical year of 1967, which was the height of the Sixties cultural phenomenon.  To fully appreciate the splendour of this album one most have at least a  passing knowledge of what was happening in the music world at that time.   This was the single most creative year in rock history.  During the Summer  of Love, Sgt Pepper was released (Magical Mystery Tour, while not a proper  album, was also released later that year) by The Beatles..  Hendrix's Are  You Experienced and Axis: Bold as Love was released, also so was Pink  Floyd's debut with original singer Sid Barrett.  The Grateful Dead debuted  that year.  Jefferson Airplane released Surrealistic Pillow.  Cream  released Disraeli Gears.  Buffalo Springfield released their debut and the  Again record that year.  The Who Sell Out came out.  The Velvet Underground  with Nico with Andy Warhol was released also. Arlo Guthry also released  Alice's Restaurant that year (the title cut as legendary and long as Iron  Butterfly's In-a-Gadda-Da-Vida).  The Beach Boys' Smile, the most famous  unfinished album of rock history, was slated for release this year, but it  fell apart after Wilson thought the Beatles topped them in Sgt Pepper.   Fleetwood Mac also formed in 1967.  And The Doors released this album, and  Strange Days.<br />Also, in that magical year of music and culture, we get  this, a stunning document of a superb band.  Not only that, it was their  debut.  As I detailed in the paragraph above, several important albums were  released this year of '67.  The Doors were up against some very tough  competition.  But they shine, do they ever shine.  You know you're in for a  treat as soon as Break on Thru starts.  Then it transcends into a funky  song called Soul Kitchen (a song about sex, perhaps?).  The Crystal Ship is  a great, if drug related, song.  (Crystal Ship=drug syringe).  And what  band do you possibly know that can make a song originally froma German  Opera fit into a rock album?  That is exactly what The Doors did with this  one by including The Alabama Song.  Light My Fire was of course an instant  classic and their biggest hit (along with Touch Me).  The interesting thing  about that was they were expecting Twentieth Century Fox to be the big hit,  and didn't expect anything off Light My Fire.  Unfortunately, have been  unable to find the single version on any of their (now) official releases.   They cover the Blues (Back Door Man), do strait and pure rock n' roll (Take  it Easy, Break on Thru), and fit in literary allusions (End of the Night  part of it is originally, I think, Emerson's poetry.  I might be wrong, but  it is one of the more famous poets).  Of course, there is the epic The End,  suitably placed at the end of the album (imagine that!).   With this break  thru song, Morrison the poet really shines.  This is the song that Morrison  screamed, tho' edited for official release, he wanted to kill his father  and f- his mother.  Another literary illusion to Oedipus, and also Freud.   Because of the unedited live lyrics, this song drew them to the attention  of Paul Rothchild, their then future producer.  It got them thrown out of  Whiskey A Go-Go, which is a legendary rock club in California.<br />Given the  other albums released that year, it makes this record all the more  exceptional.  Extreme musical innovation and experimentation were obvious  everywhere that year, not the least in this album, it is amazing to hear  this record.  Obviously, if they can stand up against the very stiff  competition of that year, they had to be doing something right.<br />From a  personal perspective, this is a deeply sentimental album.  This is what got  me into The Doors.  Morrison's poetry inspired me to try some of my own.  I  am no where near the poet he was, and mine just seem insipid and pale  compared next to his.  That is because I am not a poet, but a fiction  writer.  The first seven songs are very special when the whole of Side I is  played.  It reminds me of days gone by.  The End is classic.  Sadly, The  Doors never reached this height again (Strange Days is a psychedelic  masterpiece however.)  Waiting for the Sung and Soft Parade are their two  lackluster albums; Soft Parade being a failed Sgt Pepper.  Then they  scoured back hard with two bluesy albums.  But this will always be my  favorite.
630027120X|5.0|&quot;Time and Wind &quot; from Erico Verissimo<br />Is great (and big) novel about the story of a South Brazilian family. In its first volume, describes the life in the Jesuits missions, its conflicts with the Portuguese and  Spanish people, its destruction. The novel shows also the following period,  when the indians life with the new  coming immigrants.
B000002UAX|5.0|[I originally wrote a review about The White Album posted July 30, 1998, on Amazon.com. This may well be the very first review I ever wrote for Amazon.  Because it is marked as a private review it is not listed under my profile and now we cannot make private reviews public, it appears.  At least, that was the answer I got on the Amazon.com Review Forums.  Check those out if you haven't, great fun!  Get to hear people whine about their reviews and how all the serious \\"book reviewers\\" have been overshadowed since Amazon has diversified into other products.  Good for Amazon, the more business products the better!. I did a second review of The White Album as well, which I thought I would include it here.   Mike London, January 7, 2012]  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Review I - Charlie Manson really liked this one...., July 30, 1998  This is personally one of my fav 60s albums. It is a sprawling hour and a half work that encompasses all sorts of music. It is very interesting what they did with it.  That's not the attention grabber though.  The first time I've ever heard of this album is from the book \\"Helter Skelter\\" which is about Charles Manson the serial killer. Someday look up Beatles in the index of that book. Manson took and contorted the album to say they were talking to him. It is fasinating. It created an aura about the White Album ... and when I finally bought it, it did not disappoint. I can't listen to it and not think of Manson when all his references come up (and there are plenty of those). I think Manson was screwy and he was a madman. And yet he made a theory and then the Beatles came out with this to go along iwth it (though not by the Beatles.) Poor deceived fools. The tie between Manson and this record alone makes it worth buying.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Review II - One of several historic double sets, January 13, 2000  Great double record. This has some of the most controversial Beatles tracks in their catalogue (especially \\"Revolution #9\\").  Most people that criticize this record go with the fact that there are quite a few knockabout tracks on this record. Most often cited on this filler list is \\"Wild Honey Pie,\\" \\"...Bungalow Bill\\", \\"Rocky Racoon\\", \\"Why Don't We ...?\\" \\"...Me & My Monkey\\", and the (seemingly universal) most slammed track of them all, \\"Rev. #9\\".  But quite frankly, if we loose those tracks, then we lose to an extent the vision of this album. Listen to this, and listen to Sgt Pepper. Quite a contrast huh? While Sgt Pepper has more or less similar tracks (something of a concept album, though don't know if I'd go that far), this record goes all over the place. It's the Beatles trying new and different things, which is the most typical thing about The Beatles. Also, it's the aura about this record that makes this my personal favorite of The Beatles. There is just an atmosphere about this record that the others don't have. They have their own. Its amazing that the record they released before this was MMT (who spawned a tribute band entitled \\"Maxwell's Magical Mustard Band\\". They are so incredibly different its hilarious. Before I had heard this recording, I had read about it in the Manson book \\"Helter Skelter\\", written by Vincent Bugliosi, the prosecutor in the Manson trial. It helped create this aura about it. Although Manson was very sick and demented, if you have a knowledge of how these tracks were supposed to be\\"messages\\" to him, it makes the listening experience all that more exceptional.  The three Beatles masterpieces, IMO, is Sgt Pepper, this, and Abbey Road. (All their other records, save for Beatles For Sale, are all excellent). But these are my desert island disks. The most historically important and the one I respect the most is Sgt Pepper. Very very innovative. Abbey Road isjust a badd a-- record. Although I do think Pepper is the God record of all records, in terms of pure atmosphere and vibes and all that good jibes, this is my favorite sixties album. Yes, I do believe Sgt Pepper is the best thing to come out of the sixties, and yes, I do believe it's the best album in the Beatles' catalogue. But this has a thing that sets it apart from all others, even Sgt Pepper. If this was the only album in a band's discography, then it would be great. But the aura is emphasized even more emphatically by the brilliance of the previous years (especially '67, which is the most historically important movement and musical year of modern history. It's the watershed year to end all watershed years).  Now we get to the most controversial track The Beatles released in their fabulous seven year reign (almost impossible to believe they did so much in a mere seven years). \\"Revolution #9\\" is a sound collage, mostly \\"performed\\" (if you can say that) by John and his fellow adulterer Yoko Ono. Personally, I like this track. I seem to be one of the few. To me, its one of the few sound collages that actually works (italicize \\"works\\" in yr mind since I can't on the review ; )). Compare this to that insipid track on the end of Pearl Jam's Vitalogy. No comparison. It helps with the diversity of this track also. Or album I mean.  There are a few tracks of The Beatles that have never seen commercial release. Among them is \\"Carnival of Lights\\", which is a 15 minute (yes, you heard right, 15 minutes of unheard Beatles) companion piece to Rev #9 in the avant-garde genre. This piece was engineered most by Paul. Unfortunately, they did not release it on the Anthology series. D--- the luck. It would be interesting to see what the perceptions of \\"Rev #9\\" would be had \\"Carnival\\" been released back in the 60s.  Among other things, I would like to finally hear the famous 27 minute take of \\"Helter Skelter\\". They should finally release that sometime.  Some other little known Beatles tracks that are no longer in print is the Beatles fan album. This album contained Christmas singles that have never been released in other forms.  Those are just some of the tracks The Beatles still have locked up in their vaults. But I am glad to see the \\"What's the New, Mary Jane?\\" and \\"Not Guilty\\", both tracks intended for the White Album, released on Anthology III. That would have helped this masterpiece. (The comma doesn't go there, but I've always read it like that).  So, if you want a great double-record set, this is the one to buy. Of all the great double albums, this and Fink Ployd ; ) \\"The Wall\\" are the best. \\"Electric Ladyland\\" is overated, \\"Exile On Main Street\\" haven't heard it, \\"Physical Graffiti\\" is pretty good. The only record that compares to this is \\"Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness\\", the latest addition to the grand double LP sets. This is still better though.  So, in the end, buy it. You won't regret it! (The same can be said of almost any Beatles record)  Don't pass this baby by!
6304083769|4.0|This anime made me an anime freak. Plot: A semi-confusing plot with not many twists.Animaton:Stuff that beats Evangelion simply outstanding and a cool 3D intro. Acting : Some expressionless voices but hey there robots.  Parents.3 graphic sequences of action , a lot of non-sexual nudity , and  moderete language.
B000002AZ8|4.0|Back in 1968, The Beatles released their double set called The Beatles, more commonly known as The White Album.  Within those original album sleaves were four sides of brilliant and strange music.  But there was also  filler.  Strange music.  We're talking Revolution 9, Rocky Racoon, Why  Don't We Do It In the Road, and several others.<br />In 1994, Pearl Jam  released Vitalogy.  Although different in sound, it was no different in  content.  On this album we had moments of sheer brilliance.  Immortality,  Corduary, Nothing Man, Spin the Black Circle, and Better Man really shone  out.  But we also have some strange cuts on this one.  Privacy, Bugs, Aye  Davinita, and Stupid Mop (listed as Hey Foxymophandlemama, That's Me on the  back of the booklet).  Then there were mediocra songs also.<br />This album  has some brilliant moments.  But it is, as Rolling Stone said, a wildely  uneven and chaotic record.  I grew up on Pearl Jam, my brother spinning Ten  (and later vs.)  into oblivion on his CD player as we went to private  Christian school.  Some of these songs on here are just unfit.  pry, to is  absoluetely stupid (if you play it backwards get Pete Townsend Saved My  Life).  Stupid Mop, clocking in at over seven minutes long, is a good 6  minutes and 15 seconds to long.<br />Sorry, the White Album is better.  All  the filler on that one had a purpose.  And even the filler was listenable,  and was cool.  Plus, it was a double set.  Not only that, it was The  Beatles.  And I can actually dig Revolution #9.  Try as I might, I can't do  that with Stupid Mop.  Interesting lyrics though.  Should have been  released as an oddity track on some obscure single.  Both are good, but The  White Album is five stars.  One thing about this is it didn't inspire any  cult leaders/serial killers like its prentecessor did.  But when its  brilliant, its brilliant.
0425107469|5.0|This Koontz book was my absolute favorite.  I've read almost all the Michael Crichton books, and Watchers scared me more than any of them!  Defenitley should read it.  I study bioengineering, and this is the kind of  thing that freaks you out with the possibilities of DNA manipulation.
0767831020|5.0|Based on the true story this movie wasn't to accurate It doesn't follow the book but it has a lot of history about the mafia behind it Definetly one of the best
6304039506|5.0|Vivien Leigh gives one of those rare performances that can truly be said to evoke pity and terror. As Blanche DuBois, she looks and acts like a destroyed Dresden shepherdess. Not since the days of Lillian Gish silents has an actress shown this quality of hopeless, feminine frailty; Leigh would have been great as Shakespeare's Ophelia! Blanche's plea \\"I don't want realism, I want magic\\" is central to streetcar. When Brando's Stanley cuts through her pretentions and responds to her flirting with a direct sexual assault, the system of illusions that holds her together breaks down, and he's revealed as a man without compassion.... Elia Kazan's direction is often stagey, but who really cares? Here we are watching two of the greatest performances ever put on film (some of the best dialogue, too). When Blanche says \\"It's Della Robia blue\\", we know just how good Tennessee Williams could be. He adapted this play himself, with additional adaptation work by Oscar Saul; the music is by Alex North and the cinematography is by Harry Stradling. When I first saw this movie, I was much too young to fully understand or appreciate it; after just seeing it again I have to agree that the acting is capital. Leigh does an astonishing job in the acting department in a role which is EXTREMELY difficult to pull off and make believable. Brando does a great job as Stanley the slob and both Kim Hunter and Karl Malden are excellent. While this film will definitely not appeal to everyone, it's realistically earthy in many respects and reminds the viewer just how talented the beguiling Vivien Leigh really was!
B000023VR6|5.0|this cd is amazing and i loved dre since NWA. My favorite song on the cd is &quot;forgot about dre&quot;.  It is really catchy and is a great song to bounce to.  The cd is worth your money!  BUY IT NOW!miam
B000003NA4|5.0|I would enjoy listening to more instrumental from Diana.  Her jazz piano is awesome!
0440178002|5.0|I read James Clavell's master work for a grade 12 english project, and loved the book.  Though it may appear to be a frighteningly long read, it is so well put together that you will devour this book surprisingly quickly  (at the expense of your social life, and a few warm meals).  I was reading  Michal Crichton's The Andromeda Strain back in grade 7, and I have read  non-stop ever since, and Shogun is far and away my favorite novel.  The  story-telling and character development is flawless, but much pleasure can  also be taken from the lesson in Japanese culture that Clavell provides.  I  would also recomend similer books by Laura Joh Rowland (Shin-ju, Bundori,  and The Way of the Traitor).
B000002AS3|4.0|This debut from Oasis has pure energy the whole way through. Favs include Shakermaker and Live Forever. Awesome debut from one of the only listenable bands of the 90's.
0780626966|5.0|It's not mentioned in the technical details, but all the films have Dolby Digital 5.1 sound and it is great! The movies have never looked better. I'm not a fan of all the movies, but they are all entertaining. Parts 1,  3:Dream Warriors, 4: Dream Master, and &quot;7&quot;: New Nightmare; are  the better ones. This is a great collection and I hope more DVDs are done  this well. Also, unlike &quot;The Alien Legacy&quot; box set, the 8th disc  is not a &quot;send-for&quot; disc. It's included in the collection and  includes alternate endings (you have to find one of them) for the first  film. Very cool.
B000002C25|5.0|Oasis just keep getting better. The songs prove here in this 3rd effort from the band. My fav is &quot;Stand By Me&quot; their best song to date. Also includes &quot;All Around The World&quot; hey jude? Great cd a must  have for any music fan. Buy It.
034538072X|5.0|Even if you thought you had no interest in Henry VIII, you must read this book.  Beautifully written, thoroughly researched and incredibly insightful, this book opens the mind to the intrigue and grand political  passions that changed the face of religion and the world.<br />Terrific  history written in a user friendly way.  I can't wait to read the Children  of Henry VIII and the Children of England.
B000002BBY|5.0|This is there breakthrough album. Of course the same Beatlesque sound is there especially in &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot; (sound familiar).Anyways another great album by the boys from England.Buy it  especially if your a beatles fan like me.
6302799066|5.0|This film is a brilliant parable about the dangers of living in the nuclear age. A darkly hilarious story involoving a Air Force general gone mad who orders fighter planes in Russia to drop their bombs and our  government's frantic attempt to recall them. Scott is a riot, but it is  Sellers who's triad of roles should have garnered him an Oscar.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well, at first i was a skeptic of symphonic metal. Now i'm a believer. Ever since i was 8 yrs old and got Master of Puppets on Tape i've been a relatively big Metallica fan. The way their music has progressed since Kill  'em All is amazing. In the past almost 20 yrs james hetfield has learned  how to sing, and the musicainship they have developed is unmatched by ANY  of today's bands. S&amp;M really exploits this. The Call of Ktulu was never  remotely neat the top of my favorite metallica songs, but after hearing the  song with the added backing of micheal kamen (who i love his soundtracks-  mainly robin hood prince of thieves) The Call of Ktulu rides on my list as  the most incredible piece of music ever to bear the name Metallica. Anyone  who likes metallica even a little bit, and is a true MUSIC fan, will add  this album as one of their favorites.
0679601686|4.0|Jane Austen is incredibly witty, which makes this book just a delight to read.
B00000K19E|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time on DVD and let me tell you, this is the best action movie ever made!   The special effects are unbelievable. Even the menu screen is cool to watch.  A must for any DVD owner!
B00000JCB2|2.0|The first LB album was great...I still listen to it non-stop.  I was really disappointed with this album.  There's hardly any of the hardcore rock that you hear on &quot;Three Doller Bill, Ya'll.&quot;  This album was  pretty much all Fred Durst rapping to a band playing in the background.  I  think that this band has sold out to rap music and is starting to go down  the wrong road.  Sure..some of these songs aren't bad, but i prefer the old  Limp Bizkit.
156895963X|5.0|Mr Mccourt's story was so moving. I laughed and cried. There were many times I read certain passages to my husband, because I just had to share them with somebody. So now he is reading the book.
B000001FBM|5.0|If you're ever going to get an original studio KISS album...then this is the one.  It contains some of the bands all time classics such as &quot;Detroit Rock City&quot; and &quot;Beth.&quot;  KISS expanded their  horizons with this album.  They had the demonic, grungy sound of &quot;God  of Thunder&quot; that let the band show their evil side.  Then, to the  other extreme, they had &quot;Beth&quot; which is a timeless classic rock  ballad.  Some of the songs off this album will live on forever.  It's the  album that made KISS what it is today...one of the greatest rock bands of  all time.
0790733226|5.0|An awesome movie which also explains the big controversy between science and religion.
6301902645|3.0|perhaps the most beautiful film ever made about this famous French race. We can almost feel the driver's sensation and all the tension of the race, trying to keep zen in front of this film even for the Dalai Lama is a  challenge...
B000003TAW|5.0|okay, aside from my corny if pathetic excuse for a title to this review, I just have to say that this album by weezer(otherwise known as &quot;the blue album&quot;) is about as pleasing as they come. And aside from their  radio-friendly &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; the other tracks deserve a chance as  well.  When this album first came out way back when i was a seventh grader,  I didn't even like them.  I was basically sick of the buddy holly/mary  tyler moore schtick...Now, however, 6 years later and much wiser, I can  truly appreciate them....and myself...if you give this album a chance, you  won't be disappointed...yet it you are, just put &quot;Say it Ain't  So&quot; on continuous repeat!  You'll come around...
B000000W5P|5.0|This is the last album on which the Rolling Stones don't sound like withering old geezers. On this back-to-basics record, they sound inspired and coherent, and after 3 weak mid-70s albums where the drugs finally  didn't work too well anymore, &quot;Some Girls&quot; is even more of a  relevation. Even the stupid, mocking country-rocker &quot;Faraway  Eyes&quot; is actually kind of funny, a half-joke, half-Gram Parsons  tribute. Great Keef riffs, especially on &quot;Beast of Burden&quot;, his  own &quot;Before they Make Me Run,&quot; and the Temptations cover. After  &quot;Some Girls,&quot; the best Stones moments have been individual songs,  not whole albums. Highly recommended.
B00000099Y|5.0|------------------------------------------------- This is not metal.-------------------------------<br />If you want metal, go give your money to Insane clown posse, I'll bet thay deserve it (sarcasm is  bliss).<br />AENIMA one of (If not) the best albums of all time. Although, be  forewarned that this cannot be appreciated the first time that you listen  to it.  At first glance, it seems standard. But think, listen, explore,  discover that there is a world within. <br />What do the words mean?  Listen  for only one instrument.  Was that a song about dna?  What's that about  Bill Hicks, who's that?  Did he say L.A.?  Who is jimmy? <br />The entire  album is filled with mysteries and connections. Go to many websites devoted  to Tool. Right now, do it. Find out about the beliefs and stories. You will  see that there is more. Think.<br />Thank You
B00000I0XW|1.0|This CD is a real disppointment.  I really love her other CDs, Eden and Time to say goodbye.  Her voice is lovely, but they do not go well with the songs in this CD.  Her rendition of, Don't Cry for me, Argentina, is just  awful; I could barely listen to the entire song ... she actually screeches.   Yuck.  If you love her later works, do not buy this CD.
B00000I8NC|5.0|The E.P. breathes quietly with an ambient pendulum and one solitary oboe. Resting peacefully like anyone who knows that they don't have to get up and do anything but stay in bed with a warm duvet. The string section wakes a  bit, keeping one eye on the dreamworld, and the other on possibilities.  Hovering wind-like noises and subleties lay about the background like fog,  swarming around the great beast. It almost seems like it's building to  something, but then, silence, death, nothing. Out of the nothing comes the  glistening eyes of the beast, blinking periodically to show it knows you're  here. It stirs and rises, elegantly and gracefully, which might seem  impossible for such a creature. Stands to it's greatest height, and begins  to dance, beautifully, with a strenght never seen before. Swelling, the  beast quickens it pace, not losing it's grace, building, rushing, and then  finally exploding into an indescribible leap of absolute exultation, which,  although brief , is one of the most amazing experiences anyone will ever  know. Bask in the afterglow, knowing that there is another bound upcoming.  It leaps again, this time more perfect than the last... And then silence.  The fog stirs again. Darkness. Track 2. A scary paranoid psycho who worries  about the states, interviewed on a street corner in the U.S. He was  speeding, got caught, had to go to court. Told off the judge. This is  beautiful. There is still other ambiences pulsing and swaying in the midst  of this idiot. The paranoid guy rambles on some more, showing that the  world is not all wonderful. There are those who would do nothing but hate.  He seems to have shut up for a second. Nothing. Sleep? No. It reprises once  more, slowly building again, like folds in satin or the tides of the sea.  So smooth and effortless. Building, growing again, mutating, changing, like  a flower blooming, with bright colors being held up by a sturdy stem.  Twisting and pulling in different ways until it has pulled itself apart  like taffy. Oh no, the idiot's back. This time talking about his guns! Yay.  I hate this man. But there is a hope! There's an engine behind this,  humming, stonger than this fool and his paranoid anger. What a terrible  poem he's written. Don't worry, I can see the beast again, stirring, you  know that it will consume this small-minded man, no matter how many guns he  has. It raises it's giant head and destroys him in one gesture, swallows  him whole, and ends all of his hate. Leaps one final time in acceptance of  the joy in the world, knowing full well that it has destroyed all the hate.  Love. It lands with such wonderful grace and then bows out with modesty,  it's task well done. Now, finally, it is time for sleep... thank you.
0385484518|4.0|I read Tuesdays with Morrie because it has been on the best seller list for so long I thought, &quot;There must be something here.&quot;  There is.  This is a heartfelt story of friendship and emotional maturing and  deserves the bravos it has received.
B00003000M|3.0|I have read most of the comments dealing with this CD, and I have to say that they were either praising it or condeming it.  I, for one, am stuck in the middle.  It is true that some songs, i.e. Jamming, are completely  ruined.  However, I can not help but love the catchy backround beats mixed  in with Bob's singing.  This is a CD you should buy if you have the time  and money.  Buy all of the Tuff Gongs before, but do not completely look  this one over.
0385495315|4.0|&quot;The Code Book&quot; is a highly interesting account of cryptology through the ages.  Mr. Singh is a very talented writer, most evident in the first chapter where he explains the roots of cryptography and cryptanalysis  while tieing it all to Mary, Queen of Scots. His explanations of  code/cipher methods are very easy to understand.  The only part that was  questionable was his narrative about quantum computers and ciphers.  It  seemed a bit over-zealous, but it still provided interesting food for  thought.  The chapters devoted to Enigma were most excellent!  I highly  recommend this book to anyone with any interest in this topic.
068485743X|5.0|I have been writing for over four years now and have read and attended countless books and seminars. I HATE how most books and such make promises they don't keep such as - Write a Blockbuster, etc. <br />I found that this  book keeps its word. I read and studied it like crazy, made intense  revisions to my book, and resubmitted it to agents. IT WORKED! Thanks to  The First Five Pages I NOW HAVE MY FIRST AGENT!<br />I advise that all writers  read it. Even those who already have an agent. It gives great advise and  really helped me critique and focus on work own work.
B000031WD9|3.0|This is not the best comedy, in fact it's only slightly better than most boring teen comedies.  It pales in comparison to the likes of Clerks, and animal house.  It has little heart, unlike those teen comedies of the 80's,  (Breakfast Club).  But it has a few funny moments...
0790733226|1.0|The old Science v. Religion is a classic bout of the ages, but this incarnation of it was, sadly, lame.
0812523334|5.0|Most people either hate or love Salinger's novel because they either relate to it or they don't; Little Women was a novel in the same way. If my 53 year old dad read this, he would not have appreciated it as much as 19  year old me, who loves Jo and Beth the most because they struck a chord in  my heart. Alcott, more than any other author, invites you warmly to sit on  the couch with the Marches as they laugh, cry, think, and charm you right  into their home and their lives. I was a silent cousin while reading this  novel, and I still think Jo and Laurie should be together. Feminists, put  your guards down because this book is not about submission or female  inferiority, it is about overcoming everything with love, both for males  and females. Don't watch the movie EVER. You'd strip away all the justice  of Alcott's classic by watching the Cliff Notes.
B0000029DD|5.0|No matter what I say about this album it cant describe how much it has meant to me. Words simply cant do it justice. Every song on this album captures a feel or an essence. I never got to see him play live but  everytime I put &quot;grace&quot; in the stereo its like hes right there,  in my livingroom, singing. This album is so fantastic that when i think  about how it was his first (and only finished) album, and how he could have  made so much more songs and probably even better it makes me sort of sad.  This album isnteasy getting into. It might take a few listens but its  definately worth it. It changed my life.
B00000JPYQ|4.0|On tour with Blue Oyster Cult at the time, UFO is captured brilliantly in $&quot;Strangers in the Night&quot; arguably one of the best hard rock live albums ever put to disk (compact or otherwise). The band is captured as  they lock and jell their way through their set, alternately stomping on the  accelerator and slowing thoughfully as the band works their superlative  material for everything it is worth. <br />Now the album has been re-issued  and remastered, with two new songs not present on the album's original  release. These songs, &quot;Hot 'n Ready&quot; and &quot;Cherry&quot; now  open the album, with some changes in the song order that, it is stated in  the liner notes, more accurately depicts the set list of that era.<br />The  frightening thing about this album is it's a snapshot of UFO at the height  of their powers. Scary because despite the authority with which the band  played live, and their apparently effortless ability to write catchy  melodic rock tunes, the band lost Schenker just a few months after this was  recorded. Neither Schenker, Mogg/Way, or Paul Raymond ever recaptured  individually the power they held collectively for this all too short period  in time. <br />Which brings up the next point. It has been said the Michael  Schenker, who had fled UFO's camp before the master tapes were even parked  in the studio, refused to cooperate with any re dubs for the live album. If  this is true, then this album is truly the Rosetta Stone of live hard rock  lead guitar. Schenker's playing, at once melodic, fierce, soaring, and  explosive in it's intensity, is the best representation of everything  artistically correct with hard rock of this period. His soloing during  &quot;Rock Bottom&quot; seems at times to be spinning out of control, yet  retains an articuable forward momentum that propels the listener to higher  ground. Arguably the best lead guitarist of this rock genre, Schenker  doesn't miss out when the tempo slows either. Listen to his lead break  during &quot;let It Roll&quot; when he applies the brakes and displays  great reverence for the slower material as well. Or listen to him stomp the  accelerator with Pete Way and Andy Parker on &quot;Lights Out&quot;. Fast  or slow, there are only a handful of guitarists in Rock and Roll that bear  comparison.<br />Phil Mogg (one of the most underappreciated vocalists in  rock) does the band and himself proud. His vocals come across as  understated yet heroic, and he definetly possess one of the better sets of  pipes in rock.  This album also includes more of Phil's banter between  songs, and it's a kick trying to figure out what level of drunkeness he's  at (or is he just being playful?). Pete Way and Andy Parker form a solid  rhythm section and play ably, with the always steady Paul Raymond filling  in on rhythm guitar and key boards.  <br />All in all, a smart buy, wether you  own the original &quot;Strangers&quot; or just want to check out a great  rock band at their peak.
0446525537|5.0|This book is definitely an one nighter. Sparks knows how to grab your attention and never let it go. A story of true love, maturity, spiritual values, and death combined beautifully into words. This book is definitely  a must read and reread time and time again. Just a friendly note: Make sure  you have a box of tissue close by. Finally when you done crying over this  book make sure you read his other two: Message in a bottle and The  Notebook. All three will touch your heart one way or another.
078401213X|4.0|I loved this movie, but I saw it with some fellow mathematicians who were disappointed that the mathematics featured in this movie tended to be trivial... This movie is not about mathematics; it is about obsession
B000002AV5|5.0|Her star might not have risen for very long, but this lady with the exotic look and sensual sound has compiled all her best songs on one CD here and it's worth keeping in your &quot;ALL TIME BEST&quot; collection.  Sade  sings from the heart, albeit a sometimes weak delivery, but with soul  nevertheless.  Her music is the kind you love to sing along with, i.e.  Sweetest Taboo and Feels Like Paradise.  Her voice almost haunts you into  remembering it.
B000002MG1|5.0|This album, along with Pearl Jams &quot;ten&quot;, Nirvanas &quot;Nevermind&quot; and Jeff Buckleys &quot;Grace&quot;, is one of the best of the 90s. On this album they capture everything their previous and  following albums lacks without turning their backs on their  &quot;sound&quot;. Its definately the most beatiful album Ive ever heard  and one of the sadest. A must buy for any music fan. If theres one album  with REM you should buy, this is the one.
6300214540|5.0|Young or old, male or female you will love this movie because you are bound to be captivated by any one of the actress/actors and feel as if you are part of the movie. Well I guess so we wish. But besides the plot ,which  will arouse many strong emotions within you, this movie has great  cinematography, very nice sound effects, and couldn't have been made better  for its time.  This is sureley a moive that you will watch over and over,  and if you don't I'll pay for your puchase price of the movie but you'll  have to give me hard evidence, no touchy feely excuses :)<br /> So sign off  the internet jump in that car and go grab a copy or better yet click a few  buttons and buy it right here at amazon. ( I hope they send me a gift  certificate or something for saying that)<br /> Enjoy the movie and don't day  dream too much afterwards.
B000002C1X|5.0|The other day I realized with some disbelief that I had never heard The Wall in its entirety.  Sure, I've heard the hits but I'd never been exposed to the complete work.  So I went out and bought it.  Needless to say, I am  in awe of it.  I think it is a stunning achievement, and while I am not  Pink Floyd's number one fan, I have gained some tremendous respect for them  and a new appreciation of them by listening to The Wall.<br />This is such a  deep and multi-layered album that even several listenings will not reveal  its true depth.  Like a profound work of literature or a great symphony,  The Wall is challenging, provocative, and compelling.  I think it  represents everything rock music is capable of.<br />I also bought the movie  on DVD.  While it is not a perfect movie, it is certainly a fascinating  work.  Bob Geldof is terrific in the lead role, the cinematography and  animation are dazzling, and the story is really is quite moving.<br />I'm glad  I discovered this great album 20 years after it came out.
B00000J6AG|5.0|His best to date.  Love the entire CD
0375707972|3.0|The novel &quot;The Reader&quot; by Bernhard Schlink always seemed to have a mysterious, unanswered side to every page, drawing you deeper into the plot.  The novel is a pure example that love is unpredictable, enduring and  unforgettable, yet you may be faced with questions regarding where you  should draw the line.  It shows that at 15-years old, you may look at a  situation in a much different way than you would in your later years of  life.  You might not always regret your actions, yet if you're lucky, you  will have learned a life-long lesson from it and be forever changed because  you will carry your experiences with you.  After you the reader read the  pages of this novel, you will also be changed in some way, for its  morality, originality and unpredictable words are unforgettable.
B00003003R|5.0|Guns n' Roses son lo mejor pero en vivo son de otro mundo las canciones suenan exelente.   Las versiones en vivo suenan mejor que en estudio ellos saben ponerle sabor a las canciones, los gritos, etc.   definitivamente de  lo mejor.
0312965788|5.0|One of my all-time favorite books!  I have re-read the entire series three times.  In fact, I lost my original copy of &quot;All Creatures Great and Small&quot; and had to come here to buy a fresh copy.  If you know an  animal lover, do them a favor and give this book as a gift.
B000035Z2L|5.0|If you thought &quot;There's Something About Mary&quot; was funny, prepare yourself! This outrageous comedy will blow you away.  It's unbelieveable humor will keep your stomach muscles sore throughout the entire film! I  LOVED IT!
B0000009SF|5.0|This is a mostly instrumental album and one of Zappa's best albums of all.  And I've got copies of about a dozen of his albums in my collection.  Terrific compositions and arrangements.
B000002TYX|5.0|There is one thing to be said about the Anthology series - if you haven't bought The Beatles before, DO NOT BUY THESE CDs.  Not yet, anyway.  This series is complementary to an existing collection of Beatles albums.  The  main reason for buying these CDs is to compare these outtakes and alternate  versions with the ones that appeared on their original albums.  This  particular volume is probably the best as it contains the original  Quarrymen single (In Spite Of All the Danger) and a killer version of Love  Me Do (the master tape of which went missing for more than 30 years).  I'm  not too impressed by Free As A Bird and Real Love which could only be a  poor attempt to recapture past glories - you can't have The Beatles without  Lennon alive.  To sum up, these albums are a must for any Beatles  collection.
B00000IOSU|3.0|After complaining for months about lackluster, live Cds, surprisingly, along comes Sarah Mclachlan. She just goes to prove that when it comes to audience participation sing-a-longs, the girl's side is always singing  louder than the men's side!The only problem with this Cd,although it does  drag slightly, is the material(or lack of)that exsists for the Canadian  songstress to sing.Almost all of the songs are from her last 2 breakthrough  Cds, although she does go back to Solace for a song. The nice surprise is  the bouyant(at least for Lilith founder Mclachlan)Ice Cream.Lke Sheryl Crow  &amp; friends in Central Park, there's just too much recent material here  to be overly exciting.This is the way to hear Sarah, though. I caught her  at the Singer/Songwriter concert at Penns Landing in Philly in 93 with  October Project(when she still had that beautiful long hair), and beleive  me, live is how she shines!It's just that if I have to hear I Will Remember  You again, I'll puke!
6303149200|5.0|I thought this was one of the best films i have ever watched.  I especially liked Britt Ekland and her sexy dancing. Brilliant, i can't wait till next week's episode. Brilliant.
B0000009S3|5.0|If you're Zappa-curious, start with this one.  Of the dozen or so Zappa/Mothers albums in my collection, this is my favorite.  &quot;Willie the Pimp&quot; is the only track with vocals (and perhaps the least  accessible to the uninitiated, but you'll learn to love it too).   &quot;Peaches En Regalia&quot; is a classic for the ages.  &quot;It Must Be  A Camel&quot; starts out clever, then sails off into glory.  A solid album.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Finally they make a comeback and totally live up to all expectations.  This album is a perfect mixture of mellow and lively tunes that no one could resist.  This album is a must-have!
B000021Y77|1.0|&quot;What a waste of money! &quot; These words demonstrate my exact reaction after watching this movie which I have regrettably purchased on DVD. Excited to have a new DVD player, I bought this DVD after reading the  many great reviews about the movie. Now I'm extremely puzzled. Why so much  praise for this flick? It is anything but interesting: the story is  childish and shallow and the much talked about cinematography and the music  are nothing more than cheap attempts to decorate the silly plot. For those  of you who want to buy the movie, rent it first!  If you are not a  fad-driven kid who actually thinks MTV is a music television and Jewel a  poet, then you'll surely dislike it. There are no philosophical ideas here.  The mere fact that this movie is considered to be &quot;thought  provoking&quot; may be a testament to the reality that perhaps we are not  thinking much.
B000031WD9|5.0|I was shure about AP should be one more film from college boys. Definitelly I was wrong. This is a great film, this is the real thing. Im 37, but I enjoy it as a teeneger. Is the funniest movie from the 90s. Im  not keatting.
B0000009SE|5.0|Hey, I don't know who critic Andy Gill is, but in all his reviews of Zappa, he just doesn't get it.<br />I just counted and there are 15 Zappa/Mothers albums in my collection.  I've heard the guy perform in  concert three times.  I know a thing or two about Zappa, and this album is  one of his best.  You won't be disappointed.
B00003XACV|5.0|I just received my copy of the &quot;American Beauty&quot;  score yesterday and have played it at least 10 times already.  I originally saw the movie to see Kevin Spacey.  Saw it a second time because of the other  actors.  The most hypnotic and beautifully photographed moment that I have  ever witnessed in a film was the white plastic bag dancing and playing in  the wind that Ricky Fitts caught on video. Can anyone tell me which cut on  the C.D. is from that scene?  I'm thinking it may be &quot;Structure &amp;  Discipline&quot;, but I'm not sure.  Definately will see the film again.  Thanks.
068484267X|5.0|This is a great book, brilliantly written!  If it hurts to hear the truth about poverty and famine, just imagine what it must have been like to LIVE it, as Frank McCourt &amp; his family did. He tells the tales of his tragic  childhood with candor, an eye for detail, humor &amp; yes, some hope too. I  bought this book and have read it through twice, then loaned it out to all  my friends who read books with an open mind. The world needed to hear this  memoir. I applaud Frank McCourt. He is in a class by himself as a writer!  Direct &amp; smart!
B00000JCB2|5.0|First, I would like to address the item in which it was stated that people who listen to Korn, Limp Bizkit, Rage Against the Machine, etc, are posers because turntables shouldn't be in rock.  Ok...well, first of all, to set  the record straight, Rage doesn't use &quot;turntables&quot;.  All of the  sounds on their recordings are their own, created by the band members only.  If you read the jackets of their albums, or seen an interview with them,  you would have realized that.  Second, Korn is perhaps one of the most  amazing bands of the time, despite the small amount of sampling they do.  If you've heard the album &quot;Issues&quot; you would probably recant your  statement.  They are original, and the songwriting is unique.  Limp and  Kid Rock have their unique styles too, depending on the turntables and  sampling, but also combining raw riffs and crisp clear sounds.  Open your  mind a little...realize that rock/alternative is changing.  Respect the  artist for their talents and their uniqueness.
B00001OH7T|4.0|Up to and including &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;, David Bowie was continually breaking new ground in music -- and reinventing his own persona in the process -- with the possible exception of &quot;Young Americans&quot;. <br />Though alot has been said of Bowie's &quot;plastic soul&quot; experiment (which would be further developed on the succeeding &quot;Station to Station&quot;), &quot;Young Americans&quot; almost seems like a retreat for him. Rather than attempting to forge a new sound, he seems to be having fun in the studio, making music for himself.<br />The results are marvelous, starting with the title cut -- easily one of Bowie's finest compositions. The gospel choir, the incredible sax playing by then little-known David Sanborn, and the infectious beat make this a standout from beginning to end (with the homage to &quot;A Day in the Life&quot; being a particularly inspired moment).<br />&quot;Fascination&quot;, &quot;Win&quot;, &quot;Somebody Up There Likes Me&quot;, and &quot;Fame&quot; -- co-written with John Lennon -- are equally great. The cover of &quot;Across the Universe&quot; is the only misstep here; Lennon must have been in a particularly gracious mood the day it was recorded. <br />The bonus tracks from previous editions of this release -- missing here, sadly -- were a welcome addition. In fact, substitute &quot;Who Can I Be Now?&quot; for the aforementioned &quot;Across the Universe&quot;, and this album would rate 5 stars.
B000003N7G|5.0|I enjoy jazz...I'm far from thoroughly versed in the style though; I have a few key discs in my collection, that's it.  A Love Supreme is one of them.  A lot of good music sets a mood, but Coltrane's disc really  talks...it's amazing.  Where some musicians can hint at an idea, Coltrane  rattles off a spiritual epic.  If you're looking to add some stimulating,  startling jazz to your collection (we're not talking Kenny G here...), this  is your disc.
0899668585|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is a candid testament of the trials and tribulations of growing up.  I can honestly say that book has had a permanent effect on me, one I cannot forget. I feel the  strongest aspect of this novel is it's realistic characters and detailed adventures.      Atticus is a character  that has such depth and sincerity it's amazing. Atticus is an excellent    example of someone who is ahead of their time, he has an unbelievably large  amount of love in his heart, and his children really are his life. He is  very up front and honest with  Jem and Scout, always treating them as  equals. Atticus has no problem with defending a black man, something the  town looks down on him for.      Jem is a great example of a boy going  through the average adolescent pains. And Scout, the stereotypical tomboy,  is along for the ride. Scout however, is changing just as much, and has a  lot of growth ahead of her.      From the beginning of the book, I was  drawn to the mystery and uncertainty of  Boo Radely. The stories about him,  became more and more interesting and forced me to consider who and what he  was. As I  reached deeper into the book, I found more and more to relate  to. I know I am reading a good book, when as I am reading it I can see a  movie in my head. It's an extraordinary feeling to see a book acting itself  out. To Kill A Mockingbird has every element needed to make it a classic,  but  I recommend children of all ages to read it because of how unique it  is. I have read other coming of age novels, and none compare to this  literary masterpiece. It provides facts about the past and insight to the  future. It's a book that anyone can relate to. I found myself witting down  quotes from the book, because some of the things in it left me speechless.  I found that so many  things in this book remind me of my childhood. It  lets you see the world from the objective of a child, something many people  forget. With an emotional end, and a wonderful flowing ofincidents, To  Kill A Mockingbird gives everything anyone would  need to know about Maccob  County ,and the word itself. Possibly the greatest work I have ever laid  eyes upon,  I recommend this book for anyone, who has the patience for  something different.
630416923X|5.0|This video series is highly recommended for any serious Beatle fan!  While I agree that you can't say it all in just 8 hours, all 4 beatles share stuff you won't find in any book on the Beatles.  <br />Tape 1 begins with a  video collage of their history, features their youthful beginnings, days in  Hamburg, how Ringo joined the band, and their rise to the top in  England.<br />Tape 2 shows their growth as a band, talks on their BBC  sessions, performing for the Queen, stories about touring, and some  hilarious TV segments!<br />Tape 3 begins with their introduction into  America, talks about their performance on the Ed Sullivan Show, Ringo's  tonsilitis, and their 1st movie A Hard Day's Night.<br />Tape 4 talks about  the pressures of touring, drugs, Dylan, the making of Help!, the  inspiration for Yesterday, and winning the MBE award.<br />Tape 5 talks about  their Shea Stadium performance, meeting Elvis, Rubber Soul and  Revolver.<br />Tape 6 talks on the events that led to the Beatles' final tour  in 1966 (the Philippines and John's remarks about Jesus), Strawberry Fields  Forever, Penny Lane,Sgt. Pepper, and their holiday in Greece.<br />Tape 7  starts with the One World performance of &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot;,  and talks about the Maharishi, the death of Brian Epstein, Magical Mystery  Tour, the opening of Apple, Yellow Submarine, and John's new companion,  Yoko Ono.<br />Tape 8 begins with the White Album, discusses the closing and  dissolution of Apple, Hey Jude, Let It Be, Paul's marriage to Linda, John's  marriage to Yoko, George and John's drug busts, Abbey Road, and the Free As  a Bird video (what?  Real Love isn't included! ).<br />A splendid time is  guaranteed for all!
B000002ADT|5.0|If you love jazz, you already no doubt own this disc.  If you're not up on jazz, but would like to dabble...before you run out and buy that Kenny G disc, why not try Kind of Blue?  It's a can't-miss disc.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I have to say that I like to listen to all different kinds of music, but this band has one of the best albums I have listened to, in 'Title of Record.'  All of the songs have meaning and are very fun to listen to.   Anyone looking for a record to buy, I strongly suggest this album.  This  album is the true definition of rock.
B000000H40|5.0|This is definitely Obituary's best album.Thematerial that James Murphydid for this album wasabsolutely his best yet.And of course, who couldforget the awesome vocalpower of John Tardy and theexcellent drumming ofDonald  Tardy. I wouldrecommend this album to anydeath metaller.
