0156027321|4.0|I have just started reading this book, and so far it is very meaningful. If you read it carefully and analyze Pi's life story it can really speak to you. It isn't a hard read at all. The price is right so click that add to cart button because this is a thumbs up on my hand.
B003L77FYS|5.0|This is a great show - the third season had lots of fun episodes and the extras on the dvd are fabulous.  As always, Amazon's price and service were 5 stars.
0385534639|3.0|Spoilers ahead<br />Night Circus is the latest novel aimed at the adult Harry Potter fans. It is the story of two magicians, Celia and Marco, who are engaged in a lifelong challenge. They do not know the rules of the challenge and they do not know how it will end. Their patrons (Prospero and Alexander) have created a circus as a stage for their challenge. Celia travels with the circus, Marco works his magic from afar. The story is told primarily from the two magicians' perspectives but other characters from the circus and the circus supporters (rêveurs) give their views of the story. Against the odds Celia and Marco fall in love. The story continues over a number of years as they enhance the circus with new tents magically produced. There are a number of minor characters; Poppet and Widget twins born on the day the circus opens; Tsukiko the contortionist who can bend her body into a small glass bottle, the Burgess sisters Scottish supporters of the circus and finally Bailey the young man who eventually saves the circus. The conclusion of the novel wraps up in a satisfying way all of the many narratives in this story.<br /><br />There were things about this novel that I absolutely loved. The quality of the imagery was outstanding, the authors ability to describe the circus was superb, both beautiful and sensory. The plot of this novel was imaginative yet in a strange way quite believable. I had no trouble signing on to believing in this story (often a problem for me in books like this).<br /><br />What I did not like about this book was the character development or lack thereof. Of the two main characters I found Celia fairly one dimensional and Marco in particular not very likeable. Early in the novel Marco throws over his girlfriend Isobel without even a care to her feelings and then his behavior towards Chandresh, a man who has proved for him most of his life is really despicable in an attempt to achieve his ends. I was happier with some of the character development of the minor characters, the clockmaker is well drawn, the twins also and finally Bailey I found to be the most interesting. He is one of the few characters who seems to express free will and shows growth over time.<br /><br />So unfortunately I can't join the chorus of exuberant reviews for this novel. What I usually have trouble with in the magical realism genre (all of the descriptions and an unbelievable story) I liked here, it was the characters that feel short for me.<br /><br />I think this would make an excellent film. I never read The Wizard of Oz but I believe that it is probably a better movie than a book, I have the same thought here - this story would be a better film experience.<br /><br />I listened to the audio version of this novel read by Jim Dale of Harry Potter fame. Dale was excellent in his narration. The non sequential timeline made listening instead of reading a challenge. If you missed the date at the beginning of the chapter you struggled a bit to place the events within the story. Perhaps better to read than listened to.ters, the clockmaker is well drawn, the twins also and finally Bailey I found to be the most interesting. He is one of the few characters who seems to express free will and shows growth over time.   So unfortunately I can't join the chorus of exuberant reviews for this novel. What I usually have trouble with in the magical realism genre (all of the descriptions and an unbelievable story) I liked here, it was the characters that feel short for me.   I think this would make an excellent film. I never read The Wizard of Oz but I believe that it is probably a better movie than a book, I have the same thought here - this story would be a better film experience.   I listened to the audio version of this novel read by Jim Dale of Harry Potter fame. Dale was excellent in his narration. The non sequential timeline made listening instead of reading a challenge. If you missed the date at the beginning of the chapter you struggled a bit to place the events within the story. Perhaps better to read than listened to.
B003IKMR0U|4.0|The game is great and provides entertainment for a moment or for a while. It's fun and easy to clean up when done.<br />The company sent me an email this morning  to assure I was satisfied and gave me a discount code that expired 20 days ago.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I downloaded this game onto my Asus Transformer tablet when it was free app of the day, but if I had known how much fun it is, I'd have paid for it. Most levels are quite easy to figure out. Only a few levels require a fair bit of coordination to get 3 stars. My younger kid loves the gameplay and cute character. The only part that feels unpolished about this game is the achievements display. It crashed on me pretty consistently at one point, until I uninstalled and reinstalled it. My achievements were a little confused after the reinstall, but it eventually straightened out.
B00464CU7M|5.0|I was introduced to Katherine on You-Tube. I was quite impressed and so ordered her concert at the O2. I pretty much agree with most others about her abilities. I usually prefer concerts that use other dancers and singers along with the star because I think that it makes the program more interesting. I look for pleasant voices that sings this type of music. I have never heard Nella Fantasia sung so beautifully before. I agree with some that she is not an opera singer. When I want opera, I buy opera. I personally prefer DVD's so I can see the performer as I listen. I recommend her.
1552095258|5.0|I think this is the best book you can buy if you want to make your own canoe paddles. It covers the full gambit of many paddle designs, (pros and cons), types of wood to use, single wood paddles, lamminate paddles, grain structure of the woods, glues, finishes, tools to use, (depending on how high or low tech you want to be), literally everything. There is a DVD produced by the author that makes a great companion to this book.
B004QZ9PLU|2.0|I thought this book was ok - without the eiplogue that is.  I hated it and the way it ended -  so darned cheesy.  This book could have ended and several place, leaving you wondering and all.  I wanted to throw the book across the room, when I realized where it was heading -  with Dawson being in trouble, and her kid in an accident needing a heart transplant -  GMAB !!!!
B0058A119G|5.0|This album by the best female singer ever adds to her 50 something other songs previously recorded with lyrics penned by Alan and Marilyn Bergman. Streisand somehow is able to maintain that great voice even at age 66 or whatever she is now. Her register has naturally deepened and it is totally appropriate for these great songs. You can hear the emotion and the involvement of the singer, the musicians and the writers. This is some great stuff.<br /><br />What a nice bonus that disc 2 adds to the new Bergman songs recorded on disc 1. These Bergman songs have all been recorded previously by Streisand but it's great to get to hear them again.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|It's everything that it was advertised to be, although I didn't so much buy it for cutting potatoes as I did for chopping up small game.  It's quite a hunk of steel and has earned it's place in my knife 'toolbox.'  Is this an all purpose knife?  Nope.  It doesn't fill every niche - it simply excels at what it was designed to do!  For cutting, I prefer my SOG Seal Pup elite or even my old-faithful Buck 119, but for chopping & boning game this thing is a champ.  It could certainly be used for cutting, don't get me wrong.  I just personally prefer to use a lighter knife for skinning game or cutting up my veggies / taters.    For those who have trouble getting it to un-sheath, you aren't doing it right.  Stop trying to pull them apart or you're going to hurt yourself or someone else!  If you'll take a closer look at the sheath, you'll see that there is a ridged area that is designed specifically for you to put your thumb on.  Hold the knife in your hand and use your thumb to push the sheath off the knife.  it actually pops out pretty easy when you do it right.  It's much easier - and safer - than trying to pull the knife and the sheath apart with both hands!    Also, remember that this is a very big hunk of steel.  The last thing you want is for this blade to dislodge while you're stomping through the woods!  Once you try the thumb trick, you'll see that the sheath is actually designed very well and you'll hopefully understand and appreciate the engineering and thought that went into keeping the knife where it belongs *until* you're ready to use it!
B0057OOPXM|4.0|In 1966, Eric Clapton was still finding himself as a musician. As a lover of the Blues, he joined Mayall's Blues Breakers after leaving The Yardbirds. This album is really a showcase for Clapton. He sings on a recording for the first time but the real reason to listen are some terrific guitar solos. John Mayall of course is the keyboard player. He also contributes vocals and some mean harmonica. I could do without the organ that plays on a couple songs. It just seems to date the music. John McVie is the bass player.  He of course moves on to form another British Blues band with Mick Fleetwood called \\"Fleetwood Mac\\".  Also of note is that this is a mono album. For this vintage, that really isn't a bad thing. Many of the early stereo recordings were poorly executed. I'm not sure if there is a stereo version of this album, but this one sounds just fine in mono.
B005MSD75U|1.0|Please boycott this film by not watching it! Wild animals should not have been used in this film or any film. The giraffe in this movie died. Read more at: [...]
B005F6NA56|4.0|This is another top notch album by Ms. Feist. While there is a familiar sound, it is at the same time new and highly listenable.
630463949X|5.0|the sound quality is what you would expect and the concert footage is very good.  if you like fleetwood mac this is the right choice.
B002ZG9774|2.0|This movie is either an extended music video for Christina Aguilera or a PG-13 version of Paul Verhoeven's so-bad-it's-good \\"Showgirls\\".  Don't get me wrong, the skin that's shown is just fine, just no naughty parts.  While the production numbers are OK, the film doesn't have one creative idea.  We've seen the story a hundred times, told a hundred times better.  This film is also hampered by some pretty bad acting with Cher the worst of the bunch.  Aguilera isn't great, but she didn't have much to work with so I'd give her another shot.  I did like a couple of the somber original songs, one by Cher and one by Christina although they had no relevance to the scene in the film.  Pass.<br /><br />The Blu ray transfer is very good from all aspects.  It is presented in 1080p with a 2.40:1 aspect ratio.  The picture, while not reference quality is very good.  The DTS HD MA 5.1 lossless audio is spectacular and makes good use of all the speakers.
B005WWBP1O|5.0|What can you say about a book that has changed the way the world sees literacy. Jane Austen is one of the most prolific writers of her time, and this novel is certainly one of her most acclaimed.
0091929784|5.0|This is an excellent book that will change the way you look at business. It will inspire you and keep you more focused. I think it's important to realize that the way we do business has changed and this book will help you see this. Great and easy read!
159420229X|5.0|It amazes me at how many people refer to this as a self-help book.  He refers to self-help books as \\"hucksterism\\" and \\"get quick smart schemes.\\"  He would surely find it humorous that his book is found in the self-help section of many bookstores.  In actuality Moonwalking With Einstein (a weird title that makes sense once you read the book) is Joshua Foer's \\"unlikely story of how [he] ended up in the finals of the US Memory Championships\\" and his own efforts to improve his own memory.  Many of the people who have criticized this book have been disappointed that it wasn't written like a self-help book with detailed explanations and tips on how to improve your memory.  While the book discusses the methods that Joshua used to improve his memory, they are not written from the standpoint of advicegiver.  Rather, the book is written from the standpoint of participant as if we were on the journey with Joshua to improve his memory.<br /><br />I became interested in this book when I first saw the author on an episode of The Colbert Report [..] and was not disappointed.  I found this book absolutely intriguing.  In addition to Joshua's efforts to improve his own memory we are introduced to an underground mental competition and the mental athletes that compete in it, exposed to the forgotten history and importance of memorization (\\"the art of memory\\"), and provided insight into how to improve our own minds.  While on the surface it might sound like a boring book - a book about memory and a memory competition - a fact that the author acknowledges he had when he was introduced to the US Memory Championships as a journalist covering the event, the book is actually one of the most interesting and humorous books written this year.<br /><br />You'll love this book if you appreciate good writing and humor.<br />You will not love this book if you pick it up expecting to be taught how to improve your own memory.<br /><br />The book is interesting, humorous, and short - perfect for a cross country flight.
0156027321|5.0|\\"My suffering left me sad and gloomy.\\" Not a very reassuring first line in a novel. I read on. \\"Academic study and the steady, mindful practice of religion slowly brought me back to life.\\" Is that what this novel is going to be about: school and church? That's like my life; it could be called Life of Katharine. My first thoughts on the book were exceptionally wrong.   In his excellent novel, Yann Martel explores the human limits, nature's hardships, and the existence of God. Martel explains that people choose the better story. He creates the perfect coming of age story that pushes a sixteen-year-old boy to experiences that the majority of humans will never have to suffer through.   Part one of Life of Pi explains how Piscine Molitor Patel (aka Pi) came to be. He has a family that owns a zoo. He practices three religions: Christian, Hindu, and Islam. Part one explains how Pi used to be, before his family was moving from India to Canada, and he stepped foot on the Tsimtsum. The last line promises that the story will have a happy ending.   In part two of the novel, the suffering comes into play. The gripping, intense, action packed story is introduced. The Japanese ship that Pi was riding on from India to Canada sinks, and Pi is left on a life boat with a 450-pound Bengal tiger officially known as Richard Parker, a dying zebra, an agitated hyena, and a large female orangutan affectionately known as Orange Juice. Pi and his newly found friends are stranded on a life boat for 227 days, and come across many strange things: a carnivorous floating island, and a blind cannibal Frenchmen.   Part three concludes the story with an ending that I despised so much, it just made me love the book more. Life of Pi is a remarkable and inspiring novel that I would strongly recommend to anyone.
B003DZX44I|4.0|Like I said, this is one of the best animated features ever made. It's never looked better than now, and I would highly recommend re-watching this on the blu-ray. It's definitely still a crowd-pleaser.
B001U887OC|5.0|Crocs usually runs large for me but this one is true to size. I'm a normal size 6 and this pair of size 6 fits me perfectly.  Very warm and cozy. Love it!
B0058WFO06|5.0|OK, calling this Wilson's \\"Kill Bill\\" is a little unfair, because this, as an album, is better than Tartantio's film was as a movie, but the analogy is pretty good.  Just as \\"Kill Bill\\" can really only be appreciated by those who recognize it's references to the films that influenced Tarantino, \\"Grace for Drowning\\" can best be appreciated if one recognizes the influences on Wilson of the progressive rock movement of the 1970's.  While Wilson has never made a secret of the profound influence of Pink Floyd on his Porcupine Tree material, here, one finds not only the effect on Wilson of having worked with Robert Fripp, remastering the early King Crimson catalog, but also references to Genesis, and, more surprisingly to me, Atomic Rooster - \\"Remainder the Black Dog\\" is a nod to \\"Satan's Wheel\\", and the sparse, spooky piano bass of \\"Raider II\\" is a reference to \\"Death Walks Behind You\\".  But the \\"Lizard\\" period King Crimson influences dominate. There are really only a couple of strong *songs* on the double album, \\"Deform to Form a Star\\" and \\"Like Dust I have Cleared From My Eye\\" - which are, not coincidentally, the subtitiles of the two disks making up the album, but the instrumental excursions \\"Sectarian\\" and \\"Raider II\\" are amazing tours-de-force of what British progressive \\"rock\\" music of the 1970's might have been with the production tools of the 21st century.  Not a clone or parody, but a sincere and brilliantly executed tribute.  Highly recommended.
B000Y5JFNY|5.0|I have loved this movie ever since I saw it in 1965. When I saw this as a Gold Box Deal I went for it and so very happy I did. I was blown away when I opened the box at the quality of the set. It looks like it should cost over a hundred dollars. The music box is the very same color and print of the drapes in Maria's room that she makes the children's play clothes from. I am enjoying the books and learning more about the real Von Trapp Family.<br /><br />Now for the Blu-ray oh my goodness. It is like being right there. It is full HD viewing pleasure. I already had the DVD which was really good but when you look at one then the other there is a BIG difference for sure. The sound is amazing also. This set is so worth the investment if this is a favorite of yours. I also have the Wizzard of Oz set my other favorite of all time.<br /><br />Highly Recommend it is worth the few extra dollars if you want a beautiful keepsake.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|the WolframAlpha app takes the power of the website and makes it accessible on the mobile platform. It's quick and just amazing. The app has definitely improved recently as well as I ding it easier to use than when I originally downloaded it. The only thing is I wish the keyboard were a little better and gave you the option to use your own keyboard (as I have a math keyboard I love) but even that is minor because otherwise its a great keyboard. Definitely a must have app.
B00008438V|4.0|In \\"Weird Science\\", Anthony Michael Hall becomes a star.  In \\"Pretty in Pink\\" we saw his potential, stealing every scene he is in. In \\"Weird Science\\" Hall clearly outshines his whiney costar, Ilan Mitchell-Smith, who seems to fade to the background in scenes as Hall jumps off the screen.    Hall plays Gary, who is spending the weekend with his friend, Wyatt (Smith) who's parents are going away, and they are left in the care of Wyatt's militant jerk older brother, Chet, played by an obviously inspired Bill Paxton, who has some of the best lines in the movie most of which I can't quote here.  They decide to use Wyatt's computer to conjure up a woman (Kelly LeBrock) of their own. But Lisa (LeBrock) has powers of her own, and uses them in wanton ways to create havoc and chaos in their nerdy, closeted lives. Lisa uses her magic to make them cool and popular and get real girlfriends, but we find out it all has a purpose to pull the nerdy friends out of their shells, to grow a little and start to realize their potential. She helps them get back at the school bully's, Ian, played by a young Robert Downey Junior who also tantalizes us with his potential, and Max, by Robert Rusler who also showed great potential, but he went on to a quieter career.    The chemistry between John Hughes lines/directing and Halls' acting reach near perfection in this classic 80's comedy.  As other reviewers have remarked, the DVD is curiously \\"nerfed\\" of the edgier lines that made it so hilarious.  Hall became such a huge star, that he chose to sit out Hughes' next movie, written just for him, because he didn't want to get type cast. That next movie? The seminal 80's movie, \\"Ferris Bueller's Day Off\\".  Matthew Broderick seems perfect in that role, but one can only wonder how high Hall could have propelled that movie in that part. <Sigh> Sadly, we will never know.  But thankfully, we have iconic scenes in \\"Weird Science\\" like the Bar Scene where Hall transforms in to the coolest whiteboy in the bar, creating a \\"drunk Gary\\" character seemingly out of whole cloth complete with a new voice.  Not to mention the climactic scene, where their overblown party is invaded by a mutant-biker gang, that is so iconic it inspired similar scenes in movies and music videos for years and virtually launched a whole career for the odd looking Michael Berryman as the mutant biker, who would appear all through the 80's in variations of this role.  Zany, silly, fun, classic Hughes/Hall magic, coupled with the music and fashion of the 80's, this movie typified the era. If you haven't seen it, you NEED to see it, if only to realize how many lines you've heard quoted from this movie and didn't realize that's where they came from. If you have seen it, watch it again! You will be entertained! After all, that's the most we can ask from a film.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever seen.  I have seen the movie also.  I couldn't put it down, it was a wonderful read and really gives you insight on what these women went thru.
B000WZAE1I|4.0|It seems like about once in a decade, a movie comes along that is so quirky that Hollywood has no idea how to market it, yet audiences find it anyway and it becomes a classic that shines like stardust. And this movie, \\"Stardust\\" is exactly one of those.  Released in 2007 and written and directed by Matthew Vaughan, who at the time was best known for Brit-Crime films like \\"Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\\" and \\"Snatch\\" seems an odd mixture for a fairy-tale fantasy film. But he brings a warmth, and a magic to the simple coming of age tale, that it feels like you know this story from your childhood, yet have NO IDEA where the heck this is going and where you might end up! But it ends the only way it can, and with such a pure, perfect note, it almost rings.   Staring Charlie Cox as Tristan, the love sick hero, who is so enamored with the village girl, Victoria (perfect Sienna Miller), he promises to go to the ends of the earth to bring her the falling star they saw.  He ventures beyond the magical wall, which gives his little village its ever-so-British-quaint name of Wall, and finds the star is actually a woman (radiant Claire Danes), who is actually a star.  Insisting he goes through with his quest, even though the idea of presenting his love with a woman who is a star is patently silly on its face.  On his way, he finds that love isn't what he thought it was. He becomes a man, on a flying ship, captained by Robert De Niro of all people, in a role more surprising than the idea of De Niro in fantasy film!  They are chased by a witch (perfectly cast Michelle Pheiffer having WAY too much fun with the role) who wants the star's essence to make her and her sister's young again, plus the cardinally named sons of the dead king, who want the gem the star carries, to prove their are the rightful air to the kingdom of Stormhold. He finds out not only that his father (the break out role for Ben Barnes) dabbled a little on his own beyond the wall, but his mother (the beautifulKate Magowan) is from there too!    You will feel all of the joy and wonder of your childhood fairy tales with some grown up themes and some dark humor. This is not a kids fairy tale! Although probably safe enough for tweens and up.  We watch as each of the king's son's fail in their quest, and become ghosts tragically locked in the moment of their death, but become a Greek Chorus of the film, watching their sibling's progress from the beyond with only pithy comments left to them.   A magical coming of age tale, with warmth, humor, big stars, perfect character actors, and a nice message.  Maybe not a film for everyone, but for the right people, it will instantly become one of their favorite movies of all time!
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I've read the series three times now (all in the past year and a half), and I can honestly say that this is one of the best series I've read. I recommend this book to anyone who is looking for a book that they can thoroughly be lost in. The imagery that Suzanne forces into your mind is something that only a truly gifted author can do.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|this is the worst movie i have ever seen. it is just stupid, boring, tedious, no theme, no finale, no trama. please, dont waste your money like i did.
B0002TJGQS|4.0|A lot better than Drug store prices for these type of batteries, For less than the price of one at retail I got 5 for my head lamp and magnifier light.
B001UV4XJ2|2.0|I read the seventh book again before watching this movie, and found that source material hugely epic and enjoyable. The movie, however, was just as hugely disappointing, and not only because David Yates and co. decided to change so many plot points unnecessarily and for the worse.  The film's biggest problem is that so many character actions/interactions don't feel realistically urgent or emotional. Characters who should be going balls to the wall in this massively important life-or-death situation are often just standing around calmly with mild concern on their faces. (One of many examples: Ron and Hermione open the door to the Chamber of Secrets only to stand there as if they're not sure they should go in. Get in there and grab some basilisk fangs, already!)  David Yates has demonstrated a pattern of neutering HP characters emotionally and rendering them so understated that their personalities dissolve. (Listen to interviews with the man, and you'll hear how consistent this lack of verve is to his own personality.) Where's the anger and emotional heat that are naturally a part of this kind of battle? Are the 'good guys' just not allowed to get angry in David Yates' moral universe, no matter how deeply they're assailed? For example, in the book, Neville was a brave, hardened guerrilla fighter by the final battle, but in the movie, he can't even look Voldemort in the eye as he meekly informs him that he doesn't think it would be good to join the bad guys.  And it's not just anger and urgency that are lacking: there was no sense of personal or collective triumph at the defeat of Voldemort! (Partly, this is because the filmmakers made the stupid decision to have Harry beat Voldemort in private rather than in front of everyone.) Sure, it's an inherently mixed emotional bag, as many loved ones have died during the battle and Voldemort's extended reign of terror, but come on, the whole freaking world has been saved! Most glaringly, why is Ginny just sitting across the room after Harry not only turns out to be alive, but has finished off the baddest bad guy ever? One would expect her, as Harry's love interest, to be supremely happy at these facts.  More neutering: Harry tells Ron and Hermione that he's intentionally going to his death in the Forbidden Forest, and neither Ron nor Harry, supposedly best friends, decide they should maybe hug each other or say goodbye in any fashion whatsoever. (In the book, Harry doesn't tell anyone he's going to his death, so that he won't lose his resolve or have to explain/convince people to let him go. A much more interesting choice, but even if you go with the movie version, at least make it realistic.)   Some key moments were delivered well (e.g., Snape's death), but more often they were way off. As another reviewer noted, the duel between Molly and Bellatrix was completely, totally bungled. Rushed, unemotional, and stiffly acted and filmed.  Some fantasy climaxes are appropriately uplifting and epic, without minimizing whatever losses were incurred along the way. Despite interesting and well-executed moments here and there, the last HP movie was the opposite: boring, draining, unrealistic, and mostly unsatisfying. Most people fell unthinkingly in love this film, but to me, David Yates and friends have ruined perhaps the only opportunity to deliver a soaring cinematic climax to this series.  Long live Alfonso Cuarón.
B003VR5PPY|4.0|A nice game very much in the mould of Phoenix Wright series and similar interactive fiction stories on the DS. Most of the game involved long sections of dialogue presented on storyboards interspaced with puzzle sections. I found the puzzles fairly easy to solve, most of them just involved looking for a switch or key or working out a combination to something or other.  The story begins with your character Jumpai waking up below deck on an ocean liner. There is an explosion and water starts to fill the cabin. Shortly after wards Jumpai is introduced to eight other characters and the antagonist (Zero), who lays down the rules. The ship that they are on board will sink in nine hours. The only way out is to pass through a series of doors numbered one to nine. Hence the name of the story `9 hours, 9 persons, 9 doors'. The story will vary depending on which numbered doors you decide to pass through.  Being an interactive fiction there is multiple endings; six in total, so to uncover all of them at least six replays of the game will be in order. Most of these result in a grizzly death for Jumpai. The characters are an interesting and colourful bunch and the story makes about as much sense as anime ones usually do. There is suspense and intrigue in this story as well which build well towards a climax. Guessing who the villain is makes the replays interesting. I picked the villain our in my first play through, though I have played lots of games like before.  If you like interactive fiction and anime then this is a game for you.
B00382X4WS|5.0|I love the voice and the music of Amy Macdonald...Thanks for this amazing music...and thanks to the people of Amazon...Best regards
1416550550|5.0|We are reading this book for our book club. As a male, I thought I wouldn't like it. It has a good story line. Only problem is the book has over 500 pages - so it weighs a ton.
B0025UHKNS|1.0|Bought this as a gift for my husband when it was one of Amazon's daily deals.  Despite the bad reviews here, I decided to give it a try.  What a waste of money.  He had it for a couple of months and it just stopped working, for no reason.  Tried contacting Garmin and they couldn't fix it either.  What a disappointment to have something so costly stop working after just 4 months of use!  Will never buy or recommend again!
B000NH7SZ0|5.0|It was a stick of RAM that worked as expected and got here quick as hell.  This is how all purchases should go.
B00127RAJY|5.0|LOVE LOVE LOVE Jillian Michael's 30 Day Shred!  It is definitely intense for, I think everyone.  I'm not that in shape so it kicked my butt, but I enjoyed the butt kicking!  I was referred to it by many people of different shapes and sizes who love the workout!
B0015DWLD0|5.0|Aravind Adiga's \\"The White Tiger\\" questions the boundaries between pragmatism and idealism in the world's largest self-proclaimed democracy: India, a nation where people are socially gagged by the strict traditions of a millenary caste system at birth. For Balram, the protagonist, self-value is an extrinsic value which does not necessarily align with socially acceptable moral conventions. In this world of conflicting ideas, Balram explains how the social protocol impacted his life, how he managed to stand in dissent and how he, throughout the story, metamorphosed into a new identity with in order to evade several levels of social punishment.
B00004R99F|5.0|I love A Goofy Movie!!  It was something my sibling and I watched over and over again as children!!  I highly recommend this!  I consider it a Disney Classic.
0545405777|1.0|I find it quite a stretch to call this a \\"Collector's Edition\\". Only the first book of the series is included (why not sell the entire trilogy together as they all have already had initial releases?), the mockingjay artwork is less than impressive, the cover of the slipcase was peeling upon arrival, and there is no dust jacket. Compare this to the deluxe edition of the final installment of the Harry Potter series, which was packaged in a high-quality slipcase and contained a dust jacket with full-color art. I'm very disappointed in Scholastic and this product.
B000PDYVVG|2.0|I couldn't possibly avoid reading this novel, as all my friend raved and thrust their copies in my face! So I trudged through it with an open mind, but I didn't enjoy it.<br /><br />Here's why: the premise centers around a wounded woman searching for the self she lost in a failed relationship. Ok, nothing earth-shattering there, happens to most of us. The author then constructs a tidy \\"get well\\" plan for her heroine, a three-phased travel panacea: DROP EVERYTHING! Go to Italy and eat! Be decadent, sister! You've earned it! Soothe the starved body. Then, it's off to India! Rediscover your spirituality. (This part really dragged on. I vowed to quit several times. But I can't quit, I wanted the author to tie it up well). Then, once healed in body and spirit: off to Indonesia, for some lovin', at long last!  AND THE GIRL IS FIXED! JUST LIKE THAT!<br /><br />Despite its use of exotic locales and interesting descriptions of local customs, the book felt formulaic to me. Predictable. And while the writing itself was lovely in a few passages, it frequently felt overwhelmingly self-aware of its own cleverness. I strongly sensed the author's smug satisfaction at particular \\"clever\\" plot turns or cutesy bits of dialogue, and they only functioned to distance me from the writer and the story. I do hope the author can shift this pattern in her subsequent works--it really shines through in the writing somehow, and it's distracting and, frankly, off-putting.<br /><br />Many women inexplicably find this book to be life-changing. For me, someone who has experienced heartbreak AND who has travelled extensively, I found it rather shallow and uninspiring.<br /><br />And for the record, I thought it was JUST PERFECT that they would cast Julia Roberts to play the lead role in the film. Of course they would.
B003DT194G|3.0|This film, one of the famous spaghetti Westerns produced by the Italians of American cinema, and starring an Italian bombshell as the leading lady, is one of the highest rated Westerns in any list of Hollywood movies.  I'v seen this movie several times as a child, but decided to watch it again as an adult, and came away disappointed.  First of, the principal male characters all speak too well.  Anyone familiar with American history know that education levels in the US prior to WWI was low, especially in the western frontier.  Slang was common as vocabulary and grammar both spoken and written were filled with mistakes.  But not here, not in this movie.  Everyone speaks grammatically perfect English, nobody slurs, mixes their tenses, or conjugates incorrectly.  Another telling mistake is sweat, or more specifically, the lack thereof.  This movie occurs somewhere in the American West.  From the look of the vegetation, it is probably one of the four corner states, with Nevada or Texas as other candidates.  The scenery indicates the season is sometime between mid-spring to mid-autumn.  Hence the daytime temperatures should be in the 70's at a minimum, and more likely in the 90's.  Seeing that everyone is wearing heavy clothing, often several layers of it, why isn't everyone dripping in sweat?  But even after ignoring these technicalities, the rest of the movie was less than impressive.  The opening shootout was a good example.  How does Harmonica pull of three kill-shots against three men standing in a spread of ~30 feet, while only getting a flesh wound in one shoulder?  This movie was crafted to represent how the west really was.  Yet the opening scene look like it came out of a James Bond or Rambo movie; the good guy kills every opponent, one bullet per person, while escapes any lethal harm, even at point blank range.  Then there is the score.  Coming after Ben Hur, Spartacus, Lawrence of Arabia, and Bridge over the River Kwai, this movie had a very disappointing soundtrack.  Bland is probably the best way to sum up the soundtrack.  Given that this was supposed to be Leone's masterpiece, and composer Morricone had previously produced great soundtracks, this one was a letdown.  And the acting.  Well, most of the movie was silence, as in free of dialogue, with the up-close shots showing stoic faces.  How hard is it to put on a stoic face and say nothing?  Not that hard.  So here we have a movie with ridiculous action scenes, minimal dialogue, and an OK soundtrack.  Does this make a great movie?  Maybe in 1968.  But compared to all the other great films since then, not really.  It is worth watching to see what people in the 1960s considered a great movie.  But I consider it an average to good movie in the grand history of Hollywood.
067960085X|5.0|The short novel, Breakfast at Tiffany's is wonderful.  You could not ask for a more interesting character than Holly Golightly.  She is a complete child has little regard for anyone but herself, and runs around New York like some play girl.  You instantly fall in love with the mysteriousness that surrounds her life and the crazy events that pile on top of each other.  From the way she finds cloths in her disheveled apartment to the nameless tabby cat that prowls during her eclectic get-together.  The slow piecing together of Holly to the climatic ending is truly a ride.<br /><br />The three short stores that are included in this version where surprisingly good.  They made me think of Raymond Carver and Richard Yeats.  I think Capote was before both of them so he could very well have been an influence.  A Christmas Memory was one of the best short stories that I have ever read.<br /><br />I have In Cold Blood now on order and am looking forward to reading it.
B00005B4GU|5.0|Wanted to go back and review a single album and I chose this one. I think it is Radiohead's best album. It's no Kid B. I was a huge fan of their movement into electronic music like Kid A, but feel like this is a more well constructed album. It is more music, melodic and is an all aroung great album.
B005BZQVF2|5.0|I can't believe I had never heard of this movie until I stumbled upon it on Amazon.  It's laugh-out-loud funny!  Sure, if you're religious and insecure in your faith or don't have a sense of humor to speak of, you'll probably be offended, but otherwise I dare you to watch it and give it a bad review.    One of my favorites and I've already bought the dvd.
0156027321|4.0|Life of Pi is a very interesting story. It is a very religious story too. Pi is the main character and gets stuck in the pacific ocean in a life boat with a 450 pound Bengal tiger, a zebra, a hyena, and an orange-tan. All this elements makes a good interesting story with unexpected turns in the book. Pi is a very spiritual boy. he believes in Hindu, Islam, and Christianity. This presents a problem in the story that has an interesting resolution. The book overall is a good book. It can be sometimes hard to understand but overall a good book with a good message. The message is to always believe in God and never lose hope. The book is a fiction book but Yann Martel does a very good job of making it seem non-fiction. I even got caught up in the realism about the book until i realized that it was a fiction. So overall the book is a good read and would recommend it to anyone.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|You wont regret buying them. Yes there were changes to the originals. But really it's not that big of a deal guys. These are great movies and it's way nice to have them all in one set of blu rays. I think it's a great price too.
B004FUZLYG|5.0|Alexandre Tharaud was born in Paris in 1968, and 'discovered the music scene through his father, a director and singer of operettas, which were put on in theaters of Northern France. At the initiative of his parents, Alexandre started his piano studies at age 5, and he entered Conservatory of the 14th Arrondissement where he met Carmen Taccon-Devenat--a student of Marguerite Long--who became his teacher. He entered the Conservatoire de Paris at age 14 where he won first prize for piano Germaine Mounier when he was 17 years old. With Theodor Paraskivesco, he mastered the piano, and he sought and received the advice of Claude Helffer, Leon Fleisher an Nikita Magaloff. In 1987, he won the International Maria Canals Competition in Barcelona and, a year later, the Senigallia Competition in Italy. In 1989, he received 2nd prize at the Munich International Competition. His career developed quickly in Europe as well as in North America and Japan.' Of interest, he supposedly refuses to keep his piano in his house because of his belief that he will begin to prefer the pleasure of improvisation to the necessity of rigorous work. He also composes but usually keeps this activity in the background. Tharaud is now firmly established as a pianist of outstanding international stature. He has acquired a distinctive reputation for his skillfully and personally conceived programming, whether for the concert hall or the recording studio, with his projects around Rameau, Couperin, Bach and Chopin receiving acclaim from critics and audiences around the world.<br /><br />Having created many recordings he has turned this CD into a recital of the works of Domenico Scarlatti (composer 1685-1757) and electing to play these works on the piano rather than the harpsichord and performs 18 of these brief but wondrous pieces with an elegance and precision that keeps the listener hyperacute to the  sorcery contained in the composition of these works.  Though it would be an anachronism to say he plays these works with a Romantic passion, still in other performers hands these sonatas can sound cold or detached. Tharaud brings the humanistic element to the fore and the result is a kaleidoscope of colors, each sonata becoming unique instead of a continuous string of cerebral excursions.  This young pianist's reputation is solid and likely soon his name will be well known in this country as well as in Europe.  Grady Harp, October 11ks with a Romantic passion, still in other performers hands these sonatas can sound cold or detached. Tharaud brings the humanistic element to the fore and the result is a kaleidoscope of colors, each sonata becoming unique instead of a continuous string of cerebral excursions.  This young pianist's reputation is solid and likely soon his name will be well known in this country as well as in Europe.  Grady Harp, October 11
B004LSO6YI|4.0|How does a lesbian director open the curtains on a lesbian movie? With a man, of course! And thus, Nicole Conn begins her lesbian (and coming out) romance with the voice of Tyler (Sam Harris), the psychic love guru, setting the stage for whats to follow, and closes the film with him addressing the audience about soul mates. Tyler is a character that walks and talks like a gay boy, but remains an avowed heterosexual, and becomes the chatty instrument that pushes the plot to its conclusion. As for the gals who ignite the screen: Necar Zadegon (Elena) and Traci Dinwiddie (Peyton) give their characters gravity and conscience, and create love scenes together with sensuality and passion. I'd heard about the long kiss scene and looked forward to it; however, when it finally arrived I found its intensity quickly drained by the increasingly loud, second-rate, annoying soundtrack music. (Why, oh, why are so many lesbian independent films always subjected to dreadful song tracks?) When Elena and Peyton finally make love it results in one of the most electric moments in lesbian cinema. (Tsk-tsk: an actress in a non-porn lesbian sex scene should take off her ring, especially when said ring has a large [yikes!] gem stone.) Elena may be sexually undone in the beginning, but she gradually becomes aggressive in her ardent encounters with Peyton -- so much so, that while Peyton may be a top, Elena flips her with determined ease. In-between the lovemaking and WTF?!? ending you get New Age sermonizing and too much ado about having a baby. Conn deserves credit for bringing to the screen a memorable lesbian coupling that will become one of the highlights of lesbian film genre. However, she does not get a pass for loading the scale with heterosexual couples and not one, but three male key characters -- she needs to learn to do without.
B0049P1VHS|4.0|I'm not a zombie type person - hate gore and all that stuff. But, I like this story!! The characters are likeable and you want to follow them!
B0047VSW30|4.0|These facts about Hypatia are true: she was a brilliant astronomer, a mathematician, philosopher, scholar, and atheist, who studied the cosmos and charted planetoids, invented the graduated hydrometer, the plane astrolabe, and the hydroscope. We would all have learned about her in school, just as students have been taught about Plato, Socrates, Copernicus, and Kepler, EXCEPT that she was female and relegated to the dustbins of history -- and as a fiercely independent and intellectual woman she became the target of weak and philistine men who feared her influence and genius. And as an uppity woman she became a victim of the hatred towards free thinking and self-governing women that lay at the heart of Middle Eastern-based religions of her time (Islam the only one left that continues to recoil from and revile the notion.) Her death was at the hands of Christians, probably fanatical monks, who intercepted her on the road while returning to Alexandria from a trip, they dragged her to a church, stoned her to death, flayed her with shards of pottery and tile, dragged her carcass through the streets of Alexandria, cut her up, then burned her remains. They also destroyed all her works that they could get their hands on -- it wasnt enough to murder her, she had to be annihilated. What we know today about her, and her fate, is based on letters and memoirs of her contemporaries. This film is fact-based entertainment, after all, and takes liberties with alleged relationships with former students and slaves; and in an era of few or no budgets for grand-scale historical movies with huge casts and lushness of scope, Agora manages to make computer-generated backgrounds, settings, and crowds believable. It also offers a small lesson in the turbulent and brutal early stages of Christianity, when those who began their history as abused, hunted, and executed believers, gradually became the abusers, hunters, and executioners of other beliefs.
B005ELQVGW|2.0|I hate to say this but this just isn't up to par with her best work.  There just isn't enough music or background support on the album to call it stellar. \\"Cosmogony\\" is probably the only song on this album that has a strong hook and a melody to it. When I listen to this LP from Bjork I don't hear the masterpieces I once remember. \\"Homogenic, Post, Vespertine , Selma Songs and Volta\\" to me are her best work to date. I was really hoping for something beautiful like \\"Its in our hands\\" or \\"Joga\\". This reminds me too much of Medulla and not as good as Vespertine. The thing I loved about Bjork was her innovative production along with her voice. You can tell she isn't very inspired in these songs at all. Her vocals are just everywhere no form or structure. \\"All is Full of Love (Remix) \\"Its in our hands\\" now those were phenomenal songs..where are the songs like that ? This album puts me to sleep and not in a interesting or dream like way. The songs run together with no kind of border or identity. The 1st song kinda and I mean kinda has a little something going for it not much. I think I could just download \\"Cosmogony\\" and just be content without the album. Lately I have been let down by alot of my favorites 1st Ladytron and now this :( Where did the hunger go ? I hope she paid these producers $ 50 per song. Because there just isn't much too it ..Sorry :(
0515142247|3.0|Lee Child must have been going for the world record for the usage of shrugged in a story. I couldn't believe how many times somebody shrugged.  Reacher even shrugged into his jacket at one point.  I know that may be a strange nit to pick but it bothered me.
B004K4AUZW|4.0|Disappointment that the version I got was censored and there was no indication that it would be censored and I can't seem to find a non censored version.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|One of those games that draws you in from the first time you play it. I thought I wouldn't enjoy playing it at first, but now I'm a fan.
B005DKLPQ0|5.0|If you want all the newly remastered songs, in addition to \\"Complete,\\" you still need to buy the 2008 2-disc \\"Sound of the Smiths.\\" It has Barbarism Begins at Home (7\\" version), Jeane, This Charming Man (New York Vocal), Wonderful Woman, Meat is Murder (live), and Pretty Girls Make Graves (Troy Tate Demo).  This physical edition does not include Work is a Four-Letter Word or I Keep Mine Hidden.
1607886278|5.0|This is a very unique story and a must read or listen.<br /><br />Room is where five year old Jack was born and where he lives with his mother. They are locked in and completely dependent on their \\"jailer\\", Old Nick, for the food and supplies that he might deign to bring them.  Each week they get to ask for one Sunday treat.  Sometimes it is fresh fruit, sometimes a light bulb or batteries, or a book or a rare toy.<br /><br />The whole story is told from the view point of the precocious five year old child.  As the story unfolds he describes his world.  Although they get some spotty TV, Jack believes that is all pretend, like Dora. He has no idea that there is more beyond Room until one day his Ma starts to tell him the truth about the outside world she knew before she was imprisoned seven years before.<br /><br />As \\"Ma\\" trains Jack on their escape plan you have to wonder if they really have a chance to succeed. Then there is the wonderful tension of the actual escape attempt. Escaping is only half the battle as once out they have to learn to survive in the real world and cope with the media attention.<br /><br />The audio is with a child's voice which took a bit to get used to but is the appropriate vehicle to match the story as written.  The story is very powerful with great emotion. I couldn't understand the mother's actions after protecting Jack so fiercely. I don't want to give a spoiler so I am being vague but this was one of a couple of spots I didn't find realistic or consistent with the characters - therefore not quite a 5.0 rating.<br /><br />This is a book that I recommend everyone read.  Don't miss it!
B004SBX112|3.0|The Game gets 4 stars, the Amazon market gets 0!  Why does the free version on the Android Market always get the updates before the paid version on Amazon?   Cause the Amazon Market sucks.
1607886480|4.0|I really enjoyed this legal thriller although there were some slower portions.<br /><br />It has been a number of years since I read a Connelly book featuring Detective Harry Bosch and I had not read the previous works which introduced Harry's half-brother, Defense Attorney Mickey Haller.  I liked the presentation of the story through both of these characters, alternating on scenes in the courtroom with Haller and the investigative work through Bosch.<br /><br />Haller uses his skills and expertise as a defense lawyer to try to anticipate and prepare the prosecution to withstand the defense to be presented. Bosch uses his determined investigative skills to come up with the witnesses needed to present the prosecution's case. Many witnesses have retired, moved or are dead. Harry manages to find witnesses, some who were not even used in the first trial, to piece together the crime after 24 years.  There would not have been a chance for the case without Harry finding the main witness, Sara, the murdered girl's sister.  She was only 13 at the time of the murder but she was the eye witness who identified Jessup as the killer.  Harry also finds a key person to counter the defense's attempt to discredit Sarah.<br /><br />During the trial Harry helps to oversee the secret surveillance of Jessup's movements who has been released on his own recognizance.  This adds some action suspense into the story.<br /><br />This story is not high in criminal action but rather intensive in court procedures and legal machinations.  I have never practiced criminal law and have only handled a couple of jury trials in my years of practice. Nonetheless I really liked the courtroom scenes and preparation strategy sessions, as did my husband who listened to the story too.<br /><br />The narration is pretty straight forward with only a few modified voices, particularly the abrupt sharpness of Bosch and the imitation British accent of the defense Attorney.  There is not a real attempt to present the female voices other than slight intonations, but that worked fine for me. Some of the procedural portions were a bit slow and I don't know if they would have been easier to skim in print. Since I often multi-task when listening to audio books, those scenes did not really bother me or make the audio book tedious.<br /><br />The plot and legal detail are engaging enough to keep the book moving to a very interesting, if not completely resolved, ending.  Anyone who likes details of criminal investigation and all the details necessary to present a murder trial, as well as of the accompanying court procedures, will enjoy this book.but that worked fine for me. Some of the procedural portions were a bit slow and I don't know if they would have been easier to skim in print. Since I often multi-task when listening to audio books, those scenes did not really bother me or make the audio book tedious.   The plot and legal detail are engaging enough to keep the book moving to a very interesting, if not completely resolved, ending.  Anyone who likes details of criminal investigation and all the details necessary to present a murder trial, as well as of the accompanying court procedures, will enjoy this book.
B002N57KG2|3.0|This product was ok.  A little disappointing.  Not an ideal \\"family\\" movie, but it did have it's funny moments. I probably would not buy it over, if I had a chance to re-do.
0061703087|3.0|Crichton always starts strong but then fizzles at the end. He front-loads the books with details but then skimps on them entirely as the books begins to draw to a close. He starts to make mistakes, throwing in inconsistencies, while being such a stickler for details early on. I read about how he wrote: he took 6 to 7 weeks per novel, and as the story was coming to an end, he would only sleep 4 hours per night. It shows in his writing. He just wears out and basically quits. I have noticed this trend in his other books, as well.  As for the writing--a bit juevenile, a bit anti-female, and it employs strange contrasting styles from hyper-technical to irritatingly simplistic.  The premise is good. The book is riveting throughout the middle. But the main character is so sharp and intuitive in some respects and absolutely clueless in others. He so lacks perception as to what is really happening for large parts of the story, that his supposedly great intellect is seriously questionable.   All in all, lazy writing but good concept. It leaves the reader feeling dissatified at the end despite being impossible to put down in the middle.
0596007124|4.0|Great concepts but a little hard to read if your not the greatest at Object Oriented programming approaches.  Would be a great book for someone surrounded by experienced programmers and not a \\"Lone Ranger\\" at their company.
B005869U6G|5.0|This is not the Incubus you remember listening to a while ago. I rated this album a perfect 5 because I did not compare their older albums with this one. This album is more relaxed, which i enjoyed listening to. There is no \\"heavy\\" music in this album, so if you just want to relax and forget about your troubles If Not Now, When? is the album for you. *****
B004L07KWQ|4.0|it's fun to draw a pic and share to get a smile.  kids have fun actually drawing and not racing or shooting something.  I like how we are interactive by showing our artwork to each other.   tricky part is having to cycle through colors to the one I want.
B005HXGE9G|5.0|Peter Gabriel's new album \\"New Blood\\" is truly a masterpiece. Being in my early 20's I wasn't around when the originals of these songs first came to album. That being said my perspective is quite different than many of the other reviewers.<br /><br />From the moment the album begins to the final chants from solsbury hill a beautiful story is told. Peter's medium is music and like any true artist he never ceases to amaze. This album deserves a hands down Five Star review. I initially made this purchase on CD format for commuting to work, but after hearing how stunning \\"New Blood\\" is I will also be purchasing this on vinyl.
0553062182|5.0|This book has been very helpful for me. It brings a good perspective that I'm not the only person with these feelings.
B004G600A4|5.0|Love this movie and so does my daughter, needed back up for my house, so brought this movie! Came as said it would, it like new condition.
B004AYCWY4|1.0|Greatest Show on Earth: Issues<br /><br />The reason expositors of Darwinian theory like Dawkins cannot convince independent thinkers that the theory is believable is that they do not address the important questions.  They prefer instead to  demolish over and over again the straw man of the denial of evolution.  Evolution is a fact, but the explanation of the how of evolution is, in my opinion, not.  In Darwin's theory of evolution, natural selection is the explanation of the how of evolution.  This theory within a theory leaves so many basic questions unanswered that it is not credible.  The review, then, is about the gaps in the theory of natural selection, or what I refer to as important questions not addressed.  A couple of points about this review.  First, this book is as much a defense of Darwinian theory as it is of evolution.  So there is much about that theory in this review.  Second, the review is written as if evolutionary-developmental biology (evo-devo) does not exist.  That omission is not something the reviewer can remedy.<br /><br /> Important question not addressed (IQNA) 1: the nature of variation:  the size of variants.  Although Darwin devotes three chapters in Origin to the subject of variation, Dawkins, like almost every other writer (an exception is Kirshchner and Gerhart with their Plausibility of life) has  nothing  to say about variation, other than that it is random.  Variation and selection are the concepts that are the alpha and omega of Darwinian theory.  This same theory that Dawkins touts as the most important in biology has one of its two pillars explained in one word, random.  And in a word that has several dictionary definitions.<br /><br /> Consider the meaning of random:  unpredictable, haphazard, yielding different outcomes under identical conditions.  Chance is another term that is used in the present regard.  But all of this tells us little.  It tells us nothing about the size of variants or about the quantity of the variability.  Let's consider size.  Are variants itty bitty things, or are they or may they be \\"chunks.\\"  Darwin  was steadfast that variants (what we today would call the phenotypic effects of mutation) are  imperceptibly small.  \\"Insensibly fine\\" was probably his favorite phraseology in the present regard. But to leave no doubt, he also (1st ed. Origin) used \\"infinitesimally small.\\"  It is important whether variation is small or large.  Size affects the speed of evolution and its perceptibility.  If variant size is small, this explains why we cannot see evolution unfolding before our eyes, why it may be like the hour hand of a clock.  Small variants are convenient to the Darwinian theorist because they seem to deal with the issue of how new variants are formed.  Who will be so uncharitable as to begrudge Darwin the sudden appearance of an insensibly fine variation that accretes something useful to what already exists in the organism?  For it is another matter when variation is large.  For example, if someone  claimed that a full-blown wing or even a full blown feather had appeared suddenly as the result of mutation, the general reaction would be that of incredulity.  \\"How is it possible  for dumb molecules  to do this?\\"  people would wonder. There would be general disbelief.  Insensibly fine variants are congruent with Darwin's thinking because the phenomenon seems consistent with a naturalistic explanation of  phenomena, which kind of  explanation was Darwin's goal.  Large variants betoken guidance, direction, constraint, not a naturalistic process unless it is a most peculiar such process.<br /><br /> Dawkins goes along with Darwin's position that variants are always small, despite the fact that examples of mega-mutations pepper his book.  Not to mention that everyone knows about large mutational leaps, even Darwin.  Darwin and Dawkins tell us that the large change effected by artificial selection often come about not by the the tedious accumulation of insensibly fine variants over a long period of time, but by the sudden appearance of sports.  What happens is that there is the sudden appearance of a \\"sport,\\" maybe monstrous size or the opposite.  The breeder uses the \\"monster\\" to breed the great dane.  By taking advantage of these saltational changes, it was possible to create the basset hound.  Dawkins tells the reader about the gene that is responsible for both the basset hound and dwarfism in humans.  And tumbling in tumbler pigeons and pointing in pointers, these are mutant characteristics that suddenly appeared.  No animal breeder, Darwin tells us would have ever thought of producing such characteristics if they were not already apparent in nature.<br /><br /> In the same vein, who doesn't  by now know that if you expose fruit flies to a mutagen, you can cause a leg to grow out of the head instead of antenna?  This, by the way, is a mutation also commonly found in nature.  And there are numerous other examples of saltatory mutations in flies.  There's an eyeless gene whose mutant form is the absence of eyes, a tinman gene whose mutant form is a highly anomalous heart.  You can go on and on and on.  Of course, there is blue eye color vs. brown in humans and as in  Mendel's, research smooth vs. wrinkled seeds, and on and on.  One wonders whether there are any micro mutations that we do know about?!  So why this continued  drum beat about variation being insensibly fine?  Can it be that large, perceptible mutations, like antenna in the wrong place, are inexplicable and that they betoken, if not demonstrate, variation that is not random?  One must wonder why he cannot get a straight answer about the size of variants (i.e., mutations) from biology.  One must also wonder how Darwin can talk about the accumulation of  insensibly small changes when he himself adduces so much evidence that nature produces huge amount of variation that is saltatory, large sudden changes in organisms.  Does he not see the contradiction?  Ditto for Dawkins.  And not unimportantly, does not the huge evidence for saltatory variation, to use Darwin's own phraseology, \\"annihilate\\" his theory?<br /><br /> IQNA 2:  Where does variation come from, especially the insensibly fine variation?  And how does successive variation accumulate to change an organ or organism?  The Darwinian idea or ideal is that there is a pool of insensibly fine variants in an interbreeding group that provides the raw material for natural selection.  Darwin referred to this variation as individual differences.  Suppose the finches with large beaks are more successful in producing progeny than those with smaller beaks.  The next generation will have on the average larger beaks than the previous one.  Not only that, but the  variants that are produced by the next generation will be on the average larger.  The distribution of differences will have been moved upwards.  If living conditions remain unchanged, the larger beaks of the new generation will produce an increased number of  progeny.  In this way, the beak will get larger over successive generations.  This is the main way, for Darwin, for evolution to occur--small modifications over many successive generations accumulating to produce large change.<br /><br /> But where do these important variants that differ insensibly from that of the parent's come from.  You read a lot about mutations that produce large, saltatory change (e.g., the gene for PKU, for hemophilia, etc.), but not about those that produce the insensibly fine change.  Dawkins credits all variation to mutation, but he furnishes no detail--does he mean the insensibly fine modifications are mutations, too?.  Without an explanation of the origin of insensibly fine modifications, the theory is (as Darwin would say) \\"fatally\\" incomplete.<br /><br /> And just how do slight modifications accumulate?  There are so many scenarios one can imagine, it is bewildering.  I'll illustrate with one.  Simultaneously, 100 (or any number of  members ofthe same species pass the same mutation on to an offspring.  This can go on day after day even hour after hour.  You instantly have, after only the first round,  100 strains of the species.  At the same time, a second mutation is being passed on to a different 100 offspring.  I ask the question that Darwin himself asked (Origin): \\"Why is not all nature in confusion instead of the species being as we see them, well defined?\\"  In another place, he asks:  \\"Why are not all organic beings blended into an inextricable chaos?\\"  I am unpersuaded by Darwin's answer, and Dawkins does not address the matter.<br /><br /> And finally on this matter of how mutations accumulate.  Take the creature that is an incipient giraffe.  It passes a mutation for (insensibly fine) elongated neck to an offspring.  This same kind of thing is going to happen for myriad successive generations, each time the neck being lengthened a bit.  Question:  Is the mutation for the myriad lengthenings the same, or is each mutation distinct?  I don't know the answer.  This is the most basic of questions; but it is not addressed by Darwin or Dawkins or in any book of the same genre as Dawkins'.  I don't know about the textbooks<br /><br /> IQNA 3:  Can imperceptibly small variants make a difference in fitness?  Fitness, in the present context, means reproductive prowess or ability to pass one's genes to the next generations.  We have seen that many variants (mutations) are quite large, anything but insensibly fine.  But there may be cases where variants are insensibly fine.  The question is whether such small changes can make a difference for the organism's fitness.  The question here is not whether insensibly fine changes can accumulate to somerthing perceptible.  It is whether such small change can increase fitness.  I don't think this has been empirically demonstrated.  And I think there are good reasons for believing this is not probable, if even possible.  Consider the noise background consisting of allthe changes simultaneously taking place.  When writers like Dawkins talk about some selection pressure, such as drought or predation, they act as if no other selection pressures are operating at the same time.  But that is the furthest thing from the truth.  Finally, there is the intelligence of the organism that is going to overwhelm any effect of an insensibly fine variant.  Weiner, in his account of the research of the Grants on Darwin's finches, tells of birds that wedge seeds into crevices and apply outside pressure when it becomes too hard to crack seed with the  beak.  Since the effect of intelligence is unlikely to correlate with some random variant, its likely large effect on fitness will drown out any effect from the variant, in this case, size of beak.<br /><br />  IQNA 4:  What about the qualitative nature of variation?  We have considered size variation, like the size of a beak.  But what about qualitative variation?  Birds uniquely have feathers and beaks;  mammals, hair, mammary glands.  There are qualitative differences within the individual organisms.  The  eye is not an ear, which is not a heart, which is not limb, and so on.  There are innumerable qualitative differences in behavior.  There are intraorgan differences that are qualitative. There are different parts of the eye.  There are intratrait qualitative differences, such as differences in eye color, blood type, flower color, seed texture, melanin.  Amazingly, Dawkins has written a tome about evolution without using the term allele.  Let's talk about one qualitative variant, the angle the contour feather shaft on a bird makes with the surface of the body - call it the feather angle.  There are easily infinitely many possibilities, since even one degree may be divided into infinitely many divisions.  How fortunate for the bird that it mutated a feather angle that improved fitness.  If the feather shaft stuck straight out from the body at a 90 degree angle, that would not have been useful as acontour feather that has to lie close to the body to give the body a sleek, aerodynamic form.  By far, the greatest number of possible angles would not be useful to the organism.  Yet just the right angle appeared.  Or possibly the mutation that puts the tinniest feather or an incipient feather on a featherless creature occurred myriad times, improving the probability that in at least one case the angle would be beneficial.  It is issues like this that should be carefully explicated by Dawkins, not seemingly hidden under the rug.<br /><br />  IQNA 5.  In what way is variation random?  Dawkins tells us that variation is random; yet it is obviously the case that variation is not random in important respects.  Mutation repeats itself in nature and in the lab.  How can this be random?  Alleles are greatly limited in number and kind.  If there are two possible alleles, one a beneficial one and the other not; in what meaningful way is variation random?  Feathers do not grow on pigs, but only on birds.  Obviously not random.  It is so obviously the case that variation is constrained.  How does this constraint come about?  Dawkins will not acknowledge that there an issue here.<br />  .<br /> The notion that random mutation, mutation that is not biased or constrained so that it is relevant and/or useful to the the individual's life situation can get the job done requires an act of faith incongruous in empirical science.  Or is there  magic in the world after all?  That anything, however simple, could evolve if dependent on purely random variation, I don't think, is credible.  Let's talk about eyes, all sorts of them.  Why would an eyespot ever spontaneously spring into existence, say on a flatworm, as the result of a random event.  And why would this be followed by the appearance of a nerve that attaches itself to the eyespot, and this a random event, too?  This is more improbable than the appearance of the eyespot.  And why on descendents of this flatworm, would there be the recessing of the tissue containing it into a pocket containing the eyespot?  And why would the eyspot move till it is centered perfectly at the back of the pocket?  And on and on and on.  Do such things occur indiscriminately?  For example, do eyespots spring up in guts or anuses or nostrils or on tails, etc.?  Or are they reserved for eye-appropriate places, like the anterior surface of the organism?  Can light-sensitivity, for example, appear anywhere on or in the organism, like in the gut, on the tail, in  a nostril?  If not,why not?  But back to the main point, things do not spontaneously happen. Consider that life has originated one time in 4.6 billion years on this planet.<br /><br /> On the matter of characteristics spontaneously appearing, evolutionary biologists are quick to  point out that nothing appears de novo, that everything originates from a precursor.  Which explains why there are not feathers on pigs.  This posture gets the biologist off the hook for explaining beginnings, something not easy to do.  Darwin would not discuss beginnings, either of life or of an organ, like an eye.<br /><br /> No one, not Darwin, not Dawkins, would deny that variation is constrained by the nature of the organism in question.  Which is why there are feathers only on birds.  The big question is the nature of the constraint.  So what is it about the peahen that causes it to be inflamed sexually by eyespots on the tail of the peacock, but not by squares, triangles, or crescent moons, which do not, in fact, embellish peacocks?<br /><br /> IQNA 6.  What is the role of behavior, intelligence, and adaptability in Darwin's theory.  Behavior is what the theory is really all about.  Organs, like feathers, wings, eyes, limbs, enable organisms to behave, to hunt, to defend, to love, to enjoy, to reason etc.  Yet hardly anything is said about behavior by Darwin.  Dawkins says nothing.  Darwin talks expressly about instinct, but instinct is a small part of behavior, especially inprimates.  But Darwin give a great many examples of intelligent, adaptable behavior in his making of various points.  In fact, Darwin's examples of adaptability (flexibility, resourcefulness, etc.) make one wonder if adaptability won't preempt or make unnecessary natural selection.  For if an organism can deal with any crisis (famine, predation, disease, etc.) by the use of its wits, why does it need to change physically.  This last is a very old idea.<br /><br /> In conclusion,  The greatest show on earth, does not help the cause of Darwinism.
0060507772|5.0|I was expecting one of the excellent satirical/fantasy Discworld books by Terry Pratchett- the last one I was missing. \\"The Last Hero\\" is certainly that. I was not aware it was a beautifully illustrated edition of the book- you would have to see it to believe it. I was very pleased, and of course, it arrived on time and in perfect condition.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I purchased the Sony MDR 7506 headphones to use at work.  I have worked parttime in radio for 30 years and have always used cheap headphones.  I thought I would treat myself to a better pair.  These have not disappointed.  Great sound quality, comfortable and block outside sound very well.  I like the fact they fold up nicely and come with their own carrying pouch.  After I bought these I noticed that Bob and Tom use them on the air.  I watched a youtube video of Here Come The Mummies, live in studio, singing on the Bob and Tom show.  They were all using these headphones.  I also own a very nice pair of AKG K271's.  The AKG's are very nice but I think I might like the Sony's just a tad better.  I know I like how the Sony's fit me better.  I truly don't think you will be disappointed in the MDR-7506 headphones.  The knock on Sony headsets is usually the earpads.  I've seen many cheaper pairs and have heard that the pads on these tend to wear quickly.  Go ahead and make the buy.... Then Rock On!
B004SBX112|1.0|This has removed the update hamoween! Pay to lose levels. Way to go! I'm uninstalling. Why wait and pay a premium?
B0010SKUYM|5.0|Really enjoyed this book.  I identify with the Kvothe character.  The author seems to focus a lot on the amount of money he has, but the book is great.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Finally, the complete saga on Blueray.  Each fanatic must have this collection. More than 40 undeleted scences!!  Its a set that every sci-fi fun must have on their shelf
B004P3J4IC|5.0|I don't usually write but after reading some other fans reviews that they really love other records but not this one....well I just had to.  This album is raw Lucinda, its hard to understand how one loves the other records but not this one.  The poetry is stunning...I gather something different everytime I listen.  I have seen the acoustic Lucinda show that goes with Blessed and it was a total thrill.  Driving five hours next week to see another Lucinda show...I hope she does the whole record...acoustic, electric, whatever.  Its just Lucinda.  Gotta love her!
0307463745|5.0|No book is an island. Everyone is entitled to their opinion--including a scathing critique if that's what they feel the book deserves. However, I've noticed that the biggest complaint coming from the most passionate detractors' of REWORK is that \\"the book is just a bunch of their blogs put together\\". Umm errr..ok; its called REPURPOSING...most smart business people do it..but what about the CONTENT? Hold up, so you SUBSCRIBE to their blog??? ROTF! So obviously you like the content....so what's your problem again? Why did you rate the book a \\"1/5\\" when you like the content enough to read it DAILY? SMH....  I am aware of 37signals as a company but have never bothered to read their blog. I found the book to be a witty, delightful read full of business common sense that isn't so common--not by a long shot. There are tons of FORTUNE and Inc. 500 companies that could do themselves a huge favor by applying even a portion of the princples in this book. It is especially useful for anyone who either runs a company, wants to run a company, or is responsible for hiring/developing staff and influencing company culture.  Some of my favorite bits of wisdom from the book include things like \\"hire the better writer\\", \\"its not about how long someone has done something, but how well they have done it\\" and \\"hire the person who has started projects of their own\\". Often times business people and executives get so lost in resumes, \\"pedigree\\", and \\"brand equity of previous employers\\" *chuckle* (as if they built the d*mn company) that they never take the time to truly vet the creative thinking ability of who they may be hiring.   A question like \\"Tell me about a project that you created and saw to completion outside of work with little to no direction or help, what obstacles you faced, how you overcame them, and most importantly, how you would take the lessons from that and apply it to this position\\" would knock the wind out of most of the folks out there who hide behind (embellished) resumes to cover up the fact that they really aren't that smart (as evidenced by original, creative thought).  There is not ONE axiom brought up in this book that is not in MAJOR violation at the majority of companies...especially large ones. If anything, this book takes basic business fundamentals like positioning your niche, choosing the right people, doing what works, being more efficient, etc. and spins them in an interesting way.    REWORK would make a FANTASTIC gift to any dumb boss or non-visionary department or company head you've reported to in the past. That ALONE makes it a 5-star selection on my business reading list. For the entrepreneur, it cuts tremendous fat from the volumes of \\"how to\\" information flying around on how to build a successful enterprise. This book truly takes it back to basics.    Regarding the book length and the numerous pictures, I actually appreciated both. People are busy and have neither the time nor the interest to read volumes and volumes of a book. The fact that anyone would need 300-400 actual pages (outside of academia, of course) to convey their ideas perhaps is an indication that they may be a bit inept at doing so (i.e. hire the better writer). I also liked the pictures. Everyone thinks in pictures and visual aids help people to remember your content long after the words on the pages have escaped their memories. Any savvy business person should know that. KUDOS to rework.
1932100660|5.0|Tremendously comprehensive.  Having been a vegetarian for about 20 years, my health is excellent (I'm in my 70's and on no meds, etc) but I learned a lot.  I had been told that Americans ate too much protein, expecially animal protein, and this substantialed that.  I am now becoming more vegan since I know I don't need to eat eggs.  However, I am sure I'll eat an occasional cookie with eggs in them, etc.  I have sent info from this book to other family members and will gladly buy them a copy if they would be willing to read it.  This is a book EVERYONE should read.  The thing that irritated me most in the whole book is the arrogance of the doctors and scientists who say, \\"Oh, people don't want to hear that,\\" then withhold the information. (Some of us do want to hear the truth.) I am certain that people do not want to hear \\"You have cancer,\\" but that does not keep those same doctors from telling them they have the disease!
B004LSJCJM|5.0|As expected, Joe never disapoints. I have all of Joe's cd's & dvd's. This guy brings it!  Absolutely the best guitar player that I have ever seen in person and on dvd...
B002361MLA|5.0|Eckhardt Tolle writes books you should read periodically.  They contain basic life skills and reminders you need to bring you back to center.  This book is no exception. It really shows the value of living here and now - not looking backward with regrets or looking forward with worry. Many of us get so caught up in the past or future that we forget to really LIVE. Next thing you know, life has passed you by. I highly suggest you take the time to read this book!
B0053ZOQMK|5.0|i really LOVED this movie!  very cute, VERY FUNNY, lots of fun for grown up kids!  although, i will say, the snake in the movie...i think if i were under the age of 12, it would really creep me out!  it actually freaked out my mom!!!  she hates snakes tho...  if you like old westerns, this movie nails it on the head!!!  they did such a great job keeping in line with a western style movie.  the cinematography was phenomenal!!!  the music was fun!  the script was fun as well!  lots of action, adventure, comedy, the works!!! the characters were marvelous!  super great movie, well worth the rental and absolutely worth purchasing!
1600597963|5.0|I love this book. It has tons of inspirational pictures, is well laid out, and most importantly for me it delivers on it's promise of being \\"a Reference Guide to Techniques\\". It does in the back have a few patterns on projects to make but it offers much more than that. I also own Jamie Cloud Eakin's book \\"Beading with Cabachons\\" which is nice but rather simple compared to this book. I was curious on wether this would offer any different techniques from those already covered in her previous book and thankfully it did! It has so many different ones that I can't wait to try out on my bead embroidery. From attaching odd backed cabachon & rivoli's to bails, different texture stitches, edging stitches and connecting methods this book is such a wonderful resource. Haven't liked a beading book this much since \\"The Art of Bead Embroidery\\". Worth every cent of the purchase price.
B000002KFJ|5.0|If I was sent to live alone in an island and could pick only 10 of my albums to take along with me, Sabotage would definetely be one of them. This is how I feel about this album. Sabotage is Sabbath's masterpiece, not only because of the epic songs and improved lyrics, but also because all of the tracks form a cohesive and very consistent whole, a true concept album. Very well produced, also. This is by far Sabbath's heaviest album, and one of the best in the history of rock n' roll.
0345529057|5.0|The books shipped at a really good time.  They were brand new, perfect condition.  And the books are *really* good.  I would highly recommend them for anyone who enjoys fiction and fantasy.
B004SUDQ4U|5.0|This is a must-see classic. Having it on Blu-ray only makes it better. If you have never seen it before, do! It has well-developed, excellent characters and is full of exciting U-Boat action.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I got this DVD earlier then I thought I would! The seller was prompt, and fair in their price (more then fair, this was a steal!). As to the movie: One of my favorites, and all the features on the DVD are great! Amazing! Nuff said!
0446547654|3.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' books.  I have enjoyed all of them.  I was disappointed in The Best of Me. Not all of his books have \\"happily ever after\\" endings where the characters end up together, and I am OK with that.  This ending ruined the book for me.  I liked the characters of Dawson and Amanda and their love story very much.    I did not like how other lesser characters were just dropped in the story.  There was a random little chapter here and there mentioning Marilyn and Alan Bonner, and Candy.  These didn't flow well with the rest of the story.  It was almost like, here are a few other people that relate to the story that you might want to know about.    I guessed early on who the man in the windbreaker following Dawson was.  I think the author wanted the reader to know before Dawson.  I had no problem with that.    The problem I had is that when Amanda began her drive home, it was like I was reading a different story.  It just didn't fit with the rest of the book for me.  I thought what happened with Dawson fit well, right up until the final moment, but Amanda's part made it seem like it was a different novel.  I guessed the ending with 30 pages to go.  In some of the author's other novels, I have guessed at the ending, but have never nailed it perfectly, there was always some aspect that I hadn't anticipated.  Not this time.  I said to myself, \\"If this is the way it ends, I will be very disappointed.\\"  And I was.  I won't give the ending away, but it ruined the story for me.  I am very disappointed.  Not one of Nicholas Sparks' best books.
B003L77G2Y|5.0|Fringe is currently one of the best shows out there!  Spot on acting and a great list of \\"guest stars,\\" including Christopher Lloyd, Lenord Nimoy.  Great story line with interesting side episodes.  It take you on a wild ride, part X-files, part Star Trek, with a good portion of surprising comidic relief.  A great, fun show for both the closited scifi and the hard core fans.      The first season was a little slow, with a lot of story line and character development, but for those who can hold on- the payoff is woth the wait.[[ASIN:B003L77G2Y Fringe: The Complete Third Season]]
0743454537|2.0|Love the idea of how Medicine and young girl come to terms with each other. Love the fact a family and its dynamics were put to the test. Cheesy end.
B00005JLWN|2.0|Imagine that a group of high school students are taking a science fiction class.  As a final project, they are told to write a story based on classic dystopian visions.  They come up with a pretty decent concept that's a mix of Fahreneit 451, Brave New World, 1984, and THX1138. Unfortunately, they top it off by infusing elements from their favorite movie, The Matrix; namely, ultra-cool fashion sense and highly stylized martial arts and gun play.  I'm a big fan of post-apocalyptic and dystopian movies, even when they're unbelievable and totally derivative, but the best of these are fundamentally cerebral exercises, intended to make the viewer think.  Equilibrium could have gone in that direction, but by focusing instead on extended and completely nonsensical action sequences, it just turned into a cheap ripoff of the Matrix and all the other cheap ripoffs of the Matrix.  It's silly enough to watching Keanu Reaves...eh, I mean Christian Bale, armed with only two pistols and a bad ass stare, take on several dozen guys with machine guns and full - but apparently only decorative - body armor, but when every inexplicably drops their guns and switches to swords, I just said \\"Give me a break here!\\".  Then there are the many mistakes, from a very wrong-sized Mona Lisa (hasn't *anyone* involved in this movie been to the Louvre?) to a pivotal plot error so glaring I immediately rewound to make sure I'd seen it correctly.  In the end, I gave it two stars because it is decent eye candy, and in spite of everything, Christian Bale is a good actor, so it's worth watching if it's free.
B004I8WD7S|5.0|Fits my iPhone 4S perfectly.    Should provide decent protection if dropped.  The front lip of the case is higher than the screen so protects the screen when phone is set screen down.  I got this case rather than the silicon AmazonBasics case so it will slide in/out of my pants pocket easier than a soft silicon case.    Great case for the price.
B004TYOTAA|5.0|This is a very compact device that's only about 3/4 the width of the 5th Gen Nano and about 1/2\\" long.  It has connector locks so it doesn't fall out when I run and the Nano is bouncing around in my shorts pocket.  It synced right up with my Sony Ericsson MW600 blue tooth ear buds with no problem and never had an issue with connectivity while I was running.  Also, the MW600 controls work to remotely control volume, next/prev, and pause/play.  It's an excellent little device.  I'm going to have to be really careful where I put it so it doesn't get lost.
0307155102|4.0|The book is shorter than the original, and also updated for gender-neutral language.  That's good, just different.  I knew before buying that it would be slightly different.
0756405890|5.0|this book has all of the great storytelling of the last book with a bit more action and intrigue to fire things up.  Highly recommend this book
B005SNMS90|5.0|This show is quirky, refreshing and a well-written new twist on a story that can be told all too often in Hollywood: a girl recovering from a break-up.  New Girl chronicles the adventures of Jess Day (Zooey Deschanel)as she recovers from a break-up which has left her without a place to live. As a result, she ends up finding an apartment full of guys to live with. The guys show hesitance at Jess' quirky comedy bits, post-break up break downs, and odd bouts of singing about her life. However, as the series has continued and the relationships develop, it's clear that the guys need Jess just as much as she needs them. It takes a lot of work and a lot more luck to find a cast that really works and this cast does exactly that: it works. I can't wait to see what the future holds for this crew.
B005IS565S|5.0|This album is amazing.  The entire thing.  They did not deviate from their original formula that has worked for the last 2 albums. This one sounds better than War is the Answer, I did not think that was possible. If you liked the other albums, you definitely will not be disappointed.  I have been listening to this album every day since I bought it when it came out and still love every song. It is a candidate for album of the year.  I listen to a lot of music, mostly harder and even harder, metal.  It is hands down better than the latest Machine Head and Mastodon and other music that has come out lately. Truly amazing. Nothing more to say, JUST BUY IT ALREADY!!
B0050SYS5A|2.0|Let's keep this simple, because I hated reading novel reviews, and I'm sure you wouldn't want to scroll down pages for mine. I've had a Kinect for awhile and it is awesome. When I moved, I got stuck in a smaller game room and cannot play Kinect because of it. I bought the Zoom when it came out and hooked it up (no instructions needed, but referred to just in case).<br /><br />After trying it out, I found that it could detect my head better than the Kinect alone as my profile was recognized almost instant. The rest of my body however could not be found. Calibration was done as was all the tuning, and it just could not keep a point on my hands and feet. What the sensor showed was two problems:<br />  1) The screen looked very cloudy as to what it was able to light and motion the Kinect was able to see<br />  2) Everything was zoomed in, including the bookshelf behind me<br /><br />Well, I have no where to move the bookshelf, and don't think I could feasibly cover it up with a drape or cloth and not have distorted light in such a small room. So with that, I gave up. I constantly tried the hand movements to watch it not work correctly and gave up. I took the Zoom back to Wal-Mart, and I will be taking the Kinect back to my parents' house to play there until I get a new place (and of course a bigger game room).<br /><br />I will not say it does not work at all, but have a clear and clean wall behind you or you stand no chance of success with this. Good Luck.
B005DZMP00|5.0|This latest release is a worthy compendium to the original Europe '72. First off, the sound quality is excellent. Rich tones that grab you and none of the harsh high end that plagued a billion Dick's Pick's and almost all of the Road Trip series. The performances are excellent and some real surprises. An extremely intense Good Lovin is here and the Other One is more tripped out than the Dark Star than precedes it. The Sing Me Back home transitions nicely out of the end of the Other One even they are from different shows. This was extremely well done by the folks that put this together. Not the most out there or inspired Dark Star in the world but good enough to merit being paired with an excellent Other One. There is a booklet that comes with this contrary to previous statements. Often times sequels as in many movies just fall flat. This is not the case with this one. If you're a picky Deadhead always accused of being negative when you point of things that are not up to standard, you won't have any problem here. For my money, this is the best Europe Release since Rockin the Rhein and best Dead release since Truckin' up to Buffalo. It seems like its been a while since the Dead released anything of sonic or performance quality up to the standards that this disc holds. Hats off to everyone that worked on this one!!
B001ED7C58|5.0|This is an excellent CD and is best purchased along side Twilight the Score as you get every benefit of the music you hear when watching the movie. Loved it.
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|Have you ever been somewhere & wished that you could rip a page out of a magazine to take with you for future reference? Do you need a way to take a picture of notes on a white board and quickly email them to your team in a document format? Well, now you can do  both with the same app. I have used this little app several times over the last few weeks and it has never failed to deliver.
1419702203|5.0|This book, lovingly compiled by Olivia Harrison, is a wonderful tribute to George's life and career, and is a companion to the Martin Scorsese documentary on HBO (and on DVD/Blu-ray in Europe).  It is full of rare photos and documents and tells the whole story of George Harrison, from his Liverpool childhood, to his years with The Beatles, to his solo career, to his time with The Traveling Wilburys, and also details his near-fatal stabbing in 1999, and his death from cancer in 2001.  I was a little surprised that there was not more of Pattie Boyd Harrison Clapton in the book (perhaps she is in the movie).  If you loved the book [[ASIN:0026309106 Imagine: John Lennon]] or the [[ASIN:B000AYELY2 Imagine DVD (Deluxe Edition)]], you will love this book.  If you have HBO, enjoy the Martin Scorsese documentary.  I don't have cable, so I'll be looking forward to the DVD (which is scheduled for a spring 2012 release in the U.S.).  I don't think there will be a soundtrack CD, although I understand that the deluxe Blu-ray/DVD combo package that was just issued in Europe has a bonus CD of unissued Harrisongs.  Hopefully, we will get the same thing.  George, you are missed, and you never got the credit you deserved, as either a Beatle or as a solo artist.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|Book was excellently written. Gives you a look into a completely different time that was not so long ago. Keeps you laughing and wondering what will happen next.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|Please do not watch this movie. Renting it may have been one of the worst ways I've ever spent $3.99 and an hour and a half.
6304806434|5.0|Con Air is action packed movie, loaded with crazies, psychos and wierdos...I love it. I saw it at the theatre the first week it came out, it was worth every dollar!
0143113100|5.0|This book is a fantastic read. I bought this book because I wanted to learn about the brain and how/why we develop into the person we are in our adult years.  I must say, I am very satisfied! Lots of interesting facts and incredible stories of how people's brain and behavior can change in order to survive.
0061433063|5.0|Another terrific book by Pratchett. I have so enjoyed this series, I reread the books over and over. Thanks Terry
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Game runs stable,quite stable, loads slow though and graphics are eh on my 5 inch screen. Good for a freebie app
1439192812|5.0|This book will hopefully get more kids interested in math and science, which is what we really need in America right now.
0790729687|3.0|The DVD was scratched up quite a bit > I haven't had time to watch it yet so I hope it works
1594744769|5.0|I absolutely loved this book!  The imagination to put the story (and a good story at that!) with the photos was amazing!  I hope this is the first of many books like this!
B004ZNARH4|2.0|I was excited when this set was first announced, and placed a pre-order for it.  Was quite disappointed when it arrived.  Two (2) of the six (6) CDs/DVDs/Blu-Ray were protected by cardboard sleeves and arrived in great condition.  The other four (4) are affixed to plastic spindles glued to the bottom of the box, and are offered little, if any, protection.  When my first shipment arrived, all of the discs were loose, and one of the spindles had become unglued.  Three out of the four discs were badly scratched from coming into contact with the contents of the collector's set, and the adhesive on the loose spindle.<br /><br />I returned this set, and had a replacement set shipped.  Same problem, except this time only two of the discs were badly scratched.  Bottom line, while this may be an impressive collector's set based on the items it includes, the manufacturer has missed the boat as far as how these are packaged.  It would be nice if all the discs were given enough protection to arrive intact, but this does not appear to be the case.<br /><br />I will not bother to order any more of this series again.
B000B8QG4A|4.0|The movie played good the only things was the case was broken from the inside where it holds the movie in place. Because of that the dics are strech. But it sitll played and didnt ship or stop so i will keep it.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|evo 4g.  a blast....addictive, entertaining and challenging.  takes a bit of time to load, then smooth sailing.  highly recommend!  I sort of enjoy that hints r only available once in a 24 h period.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I am using this cooler for Intel Core 2 Quad Q8400 i overcloked it to 3.2ghz and temperature went up 51C very good result in my opinion.
B0018LMZO4|5.0|Bought the CD On A Threshold Of A Dream by the Moody Blues and it is great. It was an easy purchase with Amazon and every thing went as promised. It came in the mail right away. I will buy again.
B00006CXSS|5.0|I think the series is one of the best ever. The DVD is excellently put together with interesting and meaningful extras. I recommend it for everyone's library.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|love how it makes me think... like that it gives you hint and that it's only twelve hours at a time so you can actually try to figure it out
0156027321|5.0|Yann Martel's, Life of Pi, is about a 16 year old Indian boy nicknamed Pi whose father owns a zoo.  He also believes and practices in not one, but three religions.  Many people look at him funny and wonder why, and how, he believes all three at once.  Pi simply says he just wants to love God.  In Part 1 Pi describes the behaviors and tendencies of animals kept in his father's zoo.  Pi later reveals his insights behind why he believes in Catholicism, Hinduism, and Muslim religions.  His premise is that all religions worship the same God.  He surmises that he will love God more if he practices multiple religions.  Part 2 finally picked up with some action.  Pi, his family and the zoo animals take a ship from his native land of India to Canada, their new home.  The ship mysteriously sinks and Pi gets tossed into a life boat with a 450-pound Bengal tiger named Richard Parker, a hyena, a zebra and an orangutan named Orange Juice.  Pi's parents, the crew, and all remaining zoo animals perish.  Within a week the hyena has eaten the zebra and Orange Juice and Richard Parker has eaten the hyena leaving Pi and Richard Parker in the life boat alone.  Pi uses his experience at the zoo to tame Richard Parker.  They visit an acidic algae island inhabited by millions of meerkats.  Pi discovers the acid is lethal so he and Richard Parker board the life boat and continue drifting.  They eventually land on the Mexican coast where Richard Parker disappears into the jungle, giving Pi no final goodbye.  A saddened Pi leaves the beach in the hands of several Mexicans.  In Part 3 two Japanese Officials question Pi on the events leading up to the ship's demise.  Pi tells the Officials about his adventure.  The Officials do not believe Pi, so he changes his story and replaces the animals with people.  The Officials are disturbed by the new story but notice similarities between the stories.  Pi asks the Officials which story they prefer.  They choose the animal story.  The Officials' final report mentions Pi being on the boat with Richard Parker showing they believed the better story, as with God.  Part 1 was dry, boring and left me wondering where the author was going.  Having a zoo as a family business would be quite out of the ordinary, as the story soon picked up in Part 2.  My favorite section was their stay on the acidic algae island. It was a pleasant change from life in the boat.  I did find it strange that Pi, who loved God, respected Atheism. Atheists do not believe in God which is their belief. Agnostics, whom Pi disliked, do not know what to believe in. I think Pi really believed in having a belief over not believing in anything.  With that said, how does he reconcile three religions?  That seems kind of indecisive since Hinduism, Catholicism and Muslim are very different religions.  I also wonder which of his stories to the Japanese Officials was true.  Could it be that the animals were really humans in his story?  This book is very well written. I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys a thought provoking read.
B001RIY4WE|4.0|Classic.  One of the best sci-fi movies ever made.  Even today, it stands the test of time.  While it has its fair share of cheesy moments (as most sequels do), it is an amazing movie.  The T1000 was terrifying as a child and still makes a great emotionless villain as an adult.  On blu ray it looks better than ever.  The new lossless English 6.1 DTS-HD Master Audio sounds amazing and the THX Optimizer to configure your home theater is a nice bonus.  I do wish it had more versions of the film.  There are only 2 versions, theatrical and extended with 2 deleted scenes.  Other reviews state you get three versions of the movie, but that is for the \\"The Ultimate Edition DVD.\\"  As you can see, there are versions out there with more special features, but I personally rarely watch them and you can't beat the price.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This is a surprisingly well designed and thought-provoking game. It has nice music and humorous graphics, which accompany a thoughtful game process. The principle is basically thinking X steps ahead to prevent the spider from eating the insects by cutting off spider web routes. I can see the roots of the game growing out of some game theory applications.  Overall, a great game to waste those minutes waiting for the train or something, while giving your brain a little workout too.  Works without a hitch on Motorola Atrix 4G.
B003Y74KC0|3.0|Adds enough grip so that it doesn't want to slide out of your hand like the phone does without it, but I doubt it provides that much protection.  The openings are there for all the buttons and jacks and the fit is good enough.  Unfortunately, the material is so soft, the edges do not keep straight, especially around the volume buttons, but the edges do provide protection for the screen since it keeps it off the surface it is resting on.  I feel the cheaper ones would work just well.  My wife likes it though, so all is well.
B005KR6NJU|3.0|So, the original releases of Clone Wars Seasons 1 & 2 came in nice DigiBook packaging which included concept art in a book inside the hard cover book that held the 3 discs.  Something that made these releases unique.  So now, Season 3 comes out in a standard 3-disc Blu-ray case, so in order to prepare for this change in packaging, WB re-releases the first two seasons in standard cases as well apparently back in September about a month before Season 3 comes out.  But here's the kicker.  The digibooks ran around $40 new on or around release day, and now the prices on these re-releases are over $50.  What's up with that?  Downgrade in packaging and you jack up the price?  These should be discount releases.  $20-25 max. The only justification for the increase in price would be if these include DTS-MA HD sound over the original 640 Kbps DD tracks.  But that's stretching it.  Anybody got any actual specs for these?
B005KMX866|3.0|I have listened to Chris Isaak since the late 90s. He has a great voice, and albums like Forever Blue and the recent live at the Fillmore are great. However he sometimes has a knack for taking the edge off of some songs and dulling them up. This album highlights that for me (all personal opinion) his covers mostly seem to emphasize how much better the original vocalist sounded. There are a couple really impressive one, the Pretty Woman track is great but it seems to best suit his voice/style. It all seems fairly safe and I am hoping he can produce something as good as Forever Blue again. It's really a 2.5 for me, seeing as I can't rate it that I bumped it to 3 stars.
B003L0V758|5.0|If I could I would give this body of work a 5.5 star as it is a beautiful compilation of creative music. Lyrically, her cd plays like a movie in your head and the storyline is simply about forbidden love, freedom, and acceptance.  Musically, its very ecletic and brilliantly executed.  Ms. Knowles's 4 should take note... this is how you get it done.    Monet is not afraid to just put it all out there and knock down the barriers. She doesn't color within the lines which is why I love it so much.  Her voice is absolutely beautiful.  Please check out her 1st album \\"Metropolis\\", and especially listen to her rendition of Smile and you will know what I'm talking about.  It will send shivers down your spine.  This is real true singing coming from a real true artist who doesn't have to rely on grinding her pelvic into the camera and dressing half naked with a weave swooshing from side to side.  Vocally, she is amazing, none of that crazy yodeling and acrobatic singing that seems so popular among her peers. (I won't name names but you know among the many I'm talking about  I can't wait until she comes up with her follow-up to the ArchAndroid.
030788743X|5.0|Imagine that the current recession goes on for 40 years and that fossil fuel reserves have dried up, bringing on the collapse of the world's economies and the abandonment of suburbia in favor of squalid centrally-located urban 'stacks', masses of mobile homes built in tiers one on top of the other as high as they will safely go. Now that James Halliday, a man with all the creative genius of Steve Jobs and the business savvy and geekiness of Bill Gates, invents a virtual reality-based operating system (OASIS) so powerful that the whole world soon finds existence more tolerable inside OASIS than in the real world. People go to school in OASIS, start businesses in OASIS, explore distant galaxies in OASIS and generally do everything they can to avoid reality. Then comes the most monumental announcement in history. James Halliday has died and his will, published on OASIS and read by Halliday himself, gives all his unimaginable wealth and power to whomever is the first to find three special keys and gates leading to an egg hidden somewhere in the vast expanses of OASIS. The biggest treasure hunt in history is on, pitting independent gate hunters (gunters) against evil corporate thugs (sixers) intent on finding the egg and seizing control of OASIS and establishing their own repressive control over everything and everybody.<br /><br />Ready Player One will never be confused for high literature but it is a rollicking, fast-paced thriller that pleases teens and baby boomers alike. Not only that but it's an entertaining homage to the 1970s and to the history of video gaming as gunters dissect every book, movie, song and game that Halliday ever enjoyed in search of clues as to where the keys might be hidden. Having come of age back then I enjoyed every bit of the 70s trivia but my teenage daughters, who read it with me, enjoyed it just as much and the eldest, who at fifteen is bored by everything, said that she now has a new favorite book and all three of us have a line of friends waiting to borrow it.<br /><br />My only complaint about the book is that there were a couple scenes where the dialogue seems forced and the action is not unlike a blow-by-blow description of a Rock-em Sock-em Robots match. This is not enough, though, to counter the high-energy thrill of the rest of the book so it still rates five stars.<br /><br />I would have no problem reading this book with my teenage daughters but it does contain adult language and conversations that are, if not explicit, at least of a sexual theme. Parents concerned about such things may wish to pre-screen these books.<br /><br />The review copy of this book was obtained from the publisher via the Amazon Vine Program.g to borrow it.  My only complaint about the book is that there were a couple scenes where the dialogue seems forced and the action is not unlike a blow-by-blow description of a Rock-em Sock-em Robots match. This is not enough, though, to counter the high-energy thrill of the rest of the book so it still rates five stars.  I would have no problem reading this book with my teenage daughters but it does contain adult language and conversations that are, if not explicit, at least of a sexual theme. Parents concerned about such things may wish to pre-screen these books.  The review copy of this book was obtained from the publisher via the Amazon Vine Program.
B0055S348W|5.0|Let's me print the papers I write with Docs 2 Go directly from my phone instead of having to email them to myself to print.
0525422943|4.0|What more can I say, this book was amazing. I even like it better then the first one, maybe because I love Adam so much. To me this story from Adam's POV was heart wrenching and really made me ache for his pain. I loved being in the head of the guy and not the girl for once. A must read in my opinion.
B004U52VPS|5.0|Great family game!! Would recommend for hours of fun. The kids love building the scenes and trying to get those piggies. A lot of laughs!
1596432594|5.0|This graphic novel biography is an excellent introduction to the life of Dr. Richard Feynman. One of the great physicists of the 20th century, this novel provides many of the highlights of his life in a new way. This is not a simple comic book, and the authors do an excellent job using the drawings and dialogue to keep the story of his life moving forward.  Highly recommended for anyone interested in the sciences and especially perfect for any physicists or Feynman-fans out there.
B00005JM20|4.0|Johnny English is a good \\"spoof\\" because it's action packed, somewhat serious (it's not crudely acted) and its the right length. Nothing is worse than a comedy that runs out of material 75% of the way through the movie, Johnny English is only an hour and a half, which is great because it's funny the whole way through.<br /><br />As per the DVD, we used a PS3 to watch it which supposedly up-converts it, either way the video quality was excellent. Another nice feature of the dvd is 5.1 audio.<br />Not that all used copies are the same, but my used copy was in perfect condition.<br /><br />I always look forward to action comedies (Get Smart, I Spy, etc) and Johnny English fits right into this category, for 3 bucks it's definitely worth it!
B00069MQBG|5.0|Iam not much on technical words to describe something. I think that anyone who has ever listened to Delta will find this cd to be a welcome addition to their collection. She is a remarkable singer and very enjoyable to listen to.
1401922732|5.0|The Archangel Michael Oracle Cards are beautiful. They are large and the print is big so it is easy to read. The guidebood is very helpful. I am enjoying this set very much.
0765357151|5.0|I loved this story.<br /><br />  Forget about the movie, it basically took everything that made this story wonderful and threw it in the garbage. I won't explain too much as not to ruin anything, but its basically the last man on earth struggling to survive from day to day after all of humanity has become undead.<br /><br />  Read this book! It isn't long but it is one of my favorite stories ever, and the ending is spectacular (and nothing like the movie).
067101756X|5.0|I'm not much of a reader to be completely honest, but I could not put this book down! A real mind opener. Enjoyed every bit of it.
B003G4W49C|5.0|Ender's Game truly is a staple of modern Science Fiction.    It's the story of a gifted young child chosen to train from a young age in the military, in an attempt to make the perfect battle strategist.    Though the majority of the characters are young, and one would assume naive, many show a clarity of thought and emotion that even most adults would be challenged to match. This left me wondering whether the author overestimated children in general or whether he was attempting to show how truly outstanding these prodigies were. Ender is a character that readers can easily empathize with, and I found myself truly cheering him on.    The story seems to be laid out rather neatly very early on, leaving you to wonder what the twist will eventually be. I will not divulge what it was, but I will say that I did not see it coming.     All in all it was a wonderful read, and I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent inside Ender's mind.
B003L77G06|5.0|We have become huge fans of Modern Family, we purchased Season 1 & 2. Hilarious comedy...all of the characters are so funny!  We would suggest everyone watch it! Love the convenience of shopping with Amazon...my shopping place for most holidays!
B004SBX112|5.0|where's the hell is the Halloween update??? thats what i want to know?? rovio says its ready, so where is it??
B00133KFGW|5.0|Thi sis a wonderful tear jerker and it makes you want to go out and learn to play an instrament. Loved the story line also.
B0058WFO06|5.0|I am very disappointed in myself that I have never heard Steven Wilson before now. Being a dyed in the wool fan of Yes, Pink Floyd, King Crimson, Genesis and other prog icons, one would think that I would have heard his work before. It is SO great that I can still be so surprised and thrilled to hear an artist of this caliber at his best. For a while I thought that real prog was not being made any more but Steven Wilson is here to tell you that prog is alive and well and blazing new trails for the faithful. The work has a beauty, integrity and dark magic that will transport you back to 1976 sitting in your dorm room with the Koss headphones on, listening to Dark Side of the Moon for the umpteenth time and still getting chills. Aside from Steve Hackett's recent work (who appears as a guest on this 2-CD set) no other prog release has excited me more this year. This music is a real achievement and brings new hope to those who are disappointed in their prog heroes who have sold out to prog-pop artificiality and lazy composing. This music will stand the test of time as it is timeless; the sonic range and diversity is extraordinary. Prepare to be joyously surprised and awakened by this dark, sweet and brooding musical epiphany. Pure genius.
B003R0MEZ4|5.0|We love CM in our household. Season 6 was the best in our collective opinions, so even though we don't usually buy TV series, we had to make an exception for this one, GREAT SEASON!
B000PSJCNI|3.0|Though I wish Arnaud Rebotini would return to his Zend Avesta project, Blackstrobe really isn't too terrible. Sure, BURN YOUR OWN CHURCH, shows off its rock swagger and axe-grinding right away with \\"Brenn Di Ega Kjerke.\\" The darkness continues on \\"Shining Bright Star,\\" with Rebotini's vocals channeling the Sisters of Mercy, and the angry electro-grind pounds its way into \\"Blood Shot Eyes.\\" The country-rock-blues of \\"I'm A Man\\" actually is quite a bit of fun, even if Alabama 3 got there first. The combination of electronics and black metal has always been an uneasy one, and even if Blackstrobe can't pull it off 100% (\\"Last Club On Earth,\\" for instance, goes on a bit too long without coming to a head; \\"Crave For Speed\\" grinds away by doesn't go anywhere), they put in a darn good effort. The electronics on \\"Buzz Buzz Buzz\\" are quite catchy and perhaps shows Rebotini where his strengths really lie.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|This app is amazing. I love the rain sounds and the beach sounds, but my favorite is Frogs 1. Very calming and well worth the $1.50!!
B005WGBOZM|4.0|The Walking dead is epic, riveting, suspenseful, creepy, and jolting.  The same can be said for this single episode.  I'm looking forward to the rest of season 2.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Is allway good to have a spare, and is better when the price is right coudnt ask for anything more.
086571701X|5.0|I have only been doing aquaponics for a few months, but this book is the best resource yet, in my opinion.  It is written for the back-yard hobbyist, but even someone who plans to do aquaponics commercially (like myself) should start with a small aquaponics garden. I heartily recommend this book.
0385344325|3.0|OF ALL THE BOOKS hes wrote I read them all. still killing floor is still the best,/short story second son,was very Good.
B0050PYNO4|5.0|I have always been a huge fan of Simon Pegg and Nick Frost and their comedy movies, but this is the best one yet! The addition of Seth Rogen as the alien Paul just adds to the hilarity! However, if you don't flexible religious beliefs, or at least the ability to take things in stride, then this movie is probably not for you.
B002UXRGLG|5.0|I think it's critical for human creation to accept the responsibility not to disturb the animals we encounter, and to encourage everyone to respect and protect the natural world. What a privilege it is to see wild animals undisturbed in their natural environments and no one accomplishes that like the crew of BBC and the talented, dedicated and educated David Attenborough... I wish David lots of health since he truly is indispensable... No better way of watching a nature documentary than having David as the narrator with his own unique accent and personality. Simply Bravo.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B002UXRGLG Life]]<br />[[ASIN:B000MR9D5E Planet Earth: The Complete BBC Series]]<br />[[ASIN:B0018F0QS2 Life in Cold Blood]]<br />[[ASIN:B000069HXC The Blue Planet - Seas of Life Collector's Set (Parts 1-4)]]<br />[[ASIN:B000EBD9W6 Life in the Undergrowth]]<br />[[ASIN:B005SH65UO Frozen Planet [Blu-ray]]]
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|I have seen the movie twice and I still have some questions. I have read most of the reviews available and so far, none of them interpreted the movie as I did and for that reason along, I need to share my own impressions. I like the realistic overtones of the family dynamics. It is a movie without flamboyancy or \\"make you feel good\\" movie that Hollywood is plagued with. The protrait of the family was so real that you can relate to the characters in more ways you can relate in any other movie about family. The imageries of creation were sublime and miraculous, which brought me to the realization that that portion of the movie makes you ponder about creation versus evolution and about a God that watches over all of us...or not. I have always seen first of all, a Creation that evolved. I have witnessed men of science; incredibly intelligent men who argue incessantly about Creation versus Evolution, when to me it is simple to see that the original Creation simply evolved. That takes me to a place when you ponder if there is a God and if He watches us all after His creation. You hear the human voices begging and questioning. And then the imageries come again, evolving on their own. So, what is this movie really about? Although I have enjoyed it tremendously, touching and moving me in extraordinary ways, I still yearn for the answers about the meaning of life. This movie trascends religion. It is about the mystery of life, which stills boggles the minds of many.
B005CMSDLE|4.0|If you want an edge of your seat movie this is right for you. The story is a new twist on an old theme with super solders. Hanna a girl that kicks but.
B005974CDU|4.0|This is definitely a contentious album for a lot of Dream Theater fans. The new drummer, the lack of Mike Portnoy's creative control; it's all very sudden and confusing and a lot of dream theater fans don't like this album. There are also a lot who do like it. Me, I'm somewhere in the middle. The songs are great: dream theater holds itself up to its usual technical and progressive standards but most of the songs sound like stuff from previous albums. There's a lot of great material here, but a lot of it feels 'done-already'. The song that stands out though, is \\"On the Backs of Angels\\". It's definitely the strongest track on the album and it really showcases everyone's talent, including Mike Mangini. I think that everyone can expect another album out very soon that will be better than and also significantly different from this. DT is in transition, and I can't wait to see what happens on the otherside of that process.
0062011847|1.0|Insert here the usual preamble about being a big Discworld fan (I've read all of the books, even the abominable I Shall Wear Midnight).  Snuff is bad.  Very bad, in fact.  It's distinctive lack of quality is made all the more striking by how it contrasts Terry Pratchett's earlier work.  How could this rambling, incoherent mess have been written by the same man who brought us Small Gods, The Hogfather, and Men At Arms?    The characters are unrecognizable.  Willikins becomes a thug.  Sybil is suddenly concerned with propriety.  Most of the Watchmen/Watchwomen barely make an appearance.  Worst of all, Sam Vimes, a parody of traditional noir-style detectives, turns into a soliloquizing moralist, delivering one sermonizing speech after another.  At one point, I  began to fervently hope that somebody would knock him out or kill him, anything just to get him to shut up.    The style is unrecognizable.  Unwieldy sentences used to explain things that could have been said in a few words.  Bulky, circumlocutory dialog, like the characters are talking just to fill the silence.  Gigantic portions of text that serve no purpose whatsoever (there are scenes that contribute nothing to either plot or character development apparently there, again, just to fill the empty space).  All of this would be very sad by itself, but there is worse. Pratchett's humor was always been dry and understated, but now his jokes are blatant, simplistic, and often explained at great length.  It is telling that a running gag throughout the book is Young Sam's fascination with poop, which goes beyond the \\"boys will be boys\\" territory and far into the realm of creepy.  I did not laugh once while reading.  I didn't even smile.  Disappointing though it may be to admit, Terry Pratchett is finished.  Snuff together with I Shall Wear Midnight prove that he is incapable of writing at even a tenth of his previous ability.  Do yourself a favor and reread The Colour of Magic or maybe Guards! Guards! (if you like Vimes).  Just say \\"no\\" to Snuff.
0545165067|3.0|I listened to this on audiobook which may have lessened my enjoyment of the story overall, only because I found the male narrator over dramatic.  There were inconsistencies/unexplained things in the storyline which bothered me, but the story got better throughout.<br /><br />Of course, you probably know the basic plot already: werewolves.  A teenaged girl, bitten but not infected when very young, becomes aware that there are werewolves in her small Minnesota town.  Of course, the werewolves aren't all bad (just misunderstood) and of course, she falls in love with one of them.<br /><br />In paranormal stories such as these, the devil is in the details.  Steifvater is imaginative, I'll give her that.  The details surrounding the \\"science\\" of the werewolves is engaging and \\"plausible.\\"  The complete disengagement of any parental figures is likely to annoy any moms or dads out there....I know it did for me.  But you'll just have to overlook that.<br /><br />Ultimately, by the end of the story there was a secondary character (Isabelle) that I fell in love with (her werewolf brother eats her expensive little dog....too funny) and I'll continue reading the series more for secondary characters like these than for the two protagonists.  I intend to read the next two book in the series in print, however, and hope I can get the cloying male narrator's voice out of my head.
B00000IQV7|5.0|very fast service movie was in great shape i ordered from 2 other companys the same day and those two movies are not even tracking
0062060554|1.0|What seemed at the beginning to be an intriguing concept for a novel, quickly turned into misery for this reader. Day after day, the same things happening, only to be forgotten and repeated again and again with a few twists thrown in.  The only action came in the last several pages, where everything was explained and wrapped up in a tidy package. I only wish I had the time back spent on this book - made longer by the fact that it put me to sleep every time I tried to read a few pages.  With relief I turned to the next book on my night stand, The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides - and was entertained more in the first 10 pages than I was for the entirety of this flop.
B0002IU988|5.0|These guys are the best, Metalingus and One Day Remains are my favorites so far, they are great and I would buy another album in a heartbeat. Thanks Alter Bridge!<br />And Thanks WWE Superstar Edge!
1439192812|5.0|This is an excellent book and should be required reading in every 8th grade classroom in the nation. The section on evolution is especially well written giving a clear easy to understand explanation of how evolution works.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|It's so good to hear Joey back with the band on a studio album.  No offense to John Bush, who is talented and I love him in Armored Saint, but I never felt he fit with Anthrax.  Joey Belladonna's vocal style was - in my opinion - part of Anthrax's signature sound.  The guy is a genious - he can take a piece of music that no one could possibly write a melody to and lay down a vocal track that somehow fits perfectly.  I'm glad everyone could put their differences aside long enough to make this record.  It is outstanding & I hope they continue.
1439192812|5.0|A great book to show people who have been indoctrinated. It's an easy read, very beautifully illustrated, and entertaining. My 5th Dawkins book, I love it!
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I just got my iPhone 4s today and had already preordered this case so I did not have to wait. Hands down this is the best case of all time! First, I have the white 4s on Sprint and I can tell you that it fits perfectly on this phone (I was worried since its technically made for the 4, however the opening on the side by the volume button is big enough to perfectly fit both models). I have to say I am soo impressed with this case and love everything about it--it's sturdy, light, good looking and form fits the phone to a T! It looks perfect on the white iPhone! I even like the design on the back and could care less about the amazon logo.  As for the screen protector, I chose not to put it on and don't plan on putting it on either, I love the feel of the screen too much. Bottom line: if you're looking for the best all around case to protect your iPhone 4/4s, look no further. You won't be disappointed with this one.
0316134082|5.0|Who would have believed that you could love vampires and werewolves?  But you get so caught up in Bella's story that you end up rooting for the Cullens and for Jake and his family.  The \\"Rosemary's Baby\\" air to Bella's pregnancy takes its affect, too.  The whole multi-book story is captivating. For an extra \\"kick\\", read it on a stormy night when thunder assails your senses and lightning blinds you as it dances around your den.
B004E3XDBC|5.0|The book is in great condition, and my daughter begs for it every night. We love it and would recommend it to anyone!
B004LWZW4C|5.0|must own x-men fan or not, this is just a GREAT movie to own with a digital copy to watch on your phone on the go!
B005CMSDLE|3.0|I was pleasantly surprised by this movie.  The main character did a good job drawing you into the storyline.  Even the villains were respectably good.  While I would not expect to see Oscar nomination coming out of this movie, I would give it a :-  happy face).
1451629184|5.0|This book answers some questions as to the details of her capture and how Garrido used fear, intimidation, threats, extortion and finally Dugard's own humanity against her.  This book doesn't answer the big question, \\"Why didn't Jaycee run away?\\"  because she doesn't know.  This is unfortunate, but perfectly understandable.  I mean why does an abused spouse stay with her abuser and even defend him.  Why do we defend a parent, boss or any other authoritative and controlling figure in our life who makes unreasonable demands?  This book isn't Dostoevsky or some great piece of philosophy or literature.  Nor does this book explain Stockholm Syndrome.  As a true story of courage and survival though, I would highly recommend this book.
B004LWZW42|4.0|Probably one of the best movies in the series.  Solid storyline and respectable acting.  The action was commensurate with the storyline; not too much and not too little.  It actually left me wanting the movie to continue.  I would go two maybe three happy faces with this one.
B005HXGE9G|5.0|Thank goodness PG left Genesis - the depth of this CD is staggering, incredible voice, insightful lyrics, and wonderful arrangements for the orchestra. We saw him at Red Rocks (Colorado) and it was by far, the best concert ever. Who needs drums? This beautiful music will stay with me forever.
B005WGBQ9G|1.0|First season had great dialogue, pacing and overall story.  AMC fired the main showrunner and now nothing seems right about it.
0553801473|2.0|All the other 2-3 star reviews say it perfectly; this book is a whole lot of nothing. A big disappointment. I want my time back.
B000000XBC|3.0|Unless you are a huge CCR fan skip this CD. A couple other CCR Greatest Hits CDs will cover all the bases and cost much less. I'm going to have to buy Vol 1 as well to get the songs I was looking for.
B005CMSDKA|4.0|Saoirse Ronan is Hanna, a teenager raised in an isolated, frozen wilderness by her ex-CIA operative father (Eric Bana) who has trained her to be a superbly skilled assassin.  When he sends Hanna on a dangerous mission across Europe, she is for the first time exposed to normal life -- and discovers a longing for human connections.  But first she must unravel the puzzle of her past -- and that of her father's.  Joe Wright directs this great looking, action-filled adventure that never lets up.  Cate Blanchett co-stars as a ruthlessly persistent CIA exec.
B004EBT5CU|4.0|i went through amazon because they have a link with my radio station and they give back some percentage when you order through the link. i wanted the cd and i thought this was a great chance to help the station and get a great cd.
B0053Q9DQI|4.0|By my count, Charlotte Brontë's classic novel about titular governess Jane Eyre has been filmed at least six times - including a spectacular Italian TV movie directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1996 and a noirish black and white 1943 film starring Orson Welles (with rumors of his hand behind the camera).<br /><br />The painterly cinematography in the latest version perfectly matches the controlled but passionate performances of Mia Wasikowska and Michael Fassbinder who circle each other seemingly trapped in a world of missed opportunities hidden by the hand of fate.  But suppressed emotions and dark secrets will be confronted and conquered because, as we all know, true love always wins in the end.<br /><br />wonder if Brontë would approve of director Cary Fukunaga's masterful, rather faithful version that captures the sense of time and place of her beloved novel.  I think perhaps she might like this movie above all other filmic incarnations.  But I'd still like to see a version with Rochester as a vampire and the monster locked away in Thornfield as the seductive creature that infected him - and feeds off him in a secret frenzy of mutual lust and addiction.  Now there's a movie!
B005COO1X6|2.0|Wish I could erase this from my archives so I wouldn't be forever annoyed  at paying 3 dollars for such a trifle. Easily worth a dollar but come on mr King, I work for my money won't you work a little more to get it?
B002NPY7E0|5.0|William Hjortsberg's terrific novel FALLING ANGEL was adapted into a marvelous screenplay and beautifully directed by Alan Parker who was at the peak of his considerable artistic powers.<br /><br />A gumbo of genres (noir, detective, supernatural) are masterfully mixed in a film that is arguably as good as the novel on which it is based.  Set in the 50s, Harry Angel (Mickey Rourke) is a down-and-out Brooklyn PI who is hired by mysterious Louis Cyphre (Robert De Niro) to locate Johnny Favorite, a pop singer who never repaid a debt.  Problems arise when Harry contacts people who may know the singer's whereabouts and then they are ritually killed.  Harry's obsessive hunt for Favorite takes him from New York to Louisiana's humid voodoo infested bayous where Harry makes a discovery that chills his soul.<br /><br />Is this Rourke's best performance?  I say yes.  De Niro inhabits the charismatic Cyphre with ease and Bonet burns the screen as a seductive voodoo child-woman.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|I received this DVD earlier than the estimated date and found it to be in the advertised condition.  I was compeletely satisfied with my purchase experience.
B005KCGIUY|2.0|So I guess I'll be the first person to rate this release lower than 5 stars. I've read over most of the other reviews and it seems like most people are impressed because either 1) They're Maynard fanboys who think Maynard can do no wrong or 2) they're APC fans who 3) like this release because it sounds more like an APC release than a Puscifer release...no disrespect.  Here's my take: Writing as a Puscifer fan who really appreciated the direction Maynard was taking with V is for Vagina (and related mixes)and C is For...Two stars because there's really only 5 good songs out of 12. The album really doesn't kick into gear until the 4th song \\"Telling Ghosts\\" then stays pretty consistently strong through \\"Man Overboard\\", \\"Toma\\", \\"The Rapture\\" and the title track. Then back to three more inferior songs to close out the album. As mentioned previously most of the album sounds more like APC, nothing wrong with that if you like them, except I really feel Maynard is moving back to more familiar ground with this release than pushing the envelope inside out for what could have been a truly innovative Puscifer release. Oh, and terrible album art. If you're hurting for $$ I would download tracks 4,6,7,8 and 9 unless you're in an ambient mood.
B001I82RVS|5.0|As with most of the Japanese action movies, this didn't disappoint.  Great action movie, but that was all some of these movies need better scripts.
B0055DNH0C|5.0|I was introduced to Pitbull while watching a college football game. He was in a Dr. Pepper commercial and he performed the heck out of it. He stood there in an awesome pose with his sunglasses on like he owned the place. That is a really cool look when you do not really have any talent. To not have any real talent and be arrogant makes you even cooler. He said the same thing over and over, which was just awesome. I have incorporated some Pitbull into my band Asschowder. We normally play german thrash ballads, but we have decided to go house party on some new stuff. Burns is a messiah on the keyboards. He programmed some sweet potato beats. I come out on the stage as he starts the beats with my members only jacket and sunglasses. I can't be called pitbull due to copyright infringement, so I had \\"Boston Terrier\\" bedazzled on the back of my coat. I personally think that is cooler than Pitbulls game.  We are starting tour again which makes everyone in the world excited. Kroll just had a birthday, so he is better on the washboard than Tommy Herr was at 2nd base!!! That is saying a lot because 2nd base is difficut, unless you are Todd's mom!!! Yup, I just went there. We will be playing science fairs throughout Nebraska, Iowa and Montana in the next week, so if you want to hear the awesomeness of Pitbull combined with the freshness of the Chowd, come out and see us. You may finally get that break from average you have been waiting for.
B002ZG98UA|5.0|Even though this is on cable several times a year I like the movie enough to have it in my collection.  I'm waiting for another in the series.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|One of the best movies I have ever seen and definitely the best X-Men film.  I could go in to specific details about what is good in this movie, but I won't, because EVERYTHING is good in this movie.... EVERYTHING.  Definite must see for comic fans.
B0055SWM08|5.0|I really enjoyed playing Quell and found many of the boards very challenging.  I consider it the best game on my phone.  Looking forward to the next release.
B0053VKP8S|5.0|This little box solved my problem with the Sony Google TV which does not have analog audio output jacks.  This box onverted the optical audio output to analog audio.  Works perfect.  Also bought the 3 FT Digital Audio Optical TOSLink Cable Optic 3ft to connect the FiiO D3 to the TV.  Inexpensive and works in this application.  So for about 30 bucks I solved the problem.
B005JLNALG|2.0|The changes are necessary in a band for all their albums don't sound alike, whether they are good. To Scarsick PoS had evolved in all albums moving in a progressive metal style very, very, very original. But in the last albums is not evolution, is mutation. No hard guitars, no amazing songs ... Where are the ideas that made up THE PERFECT ELEMENT? One thing that remains bright is the incredible voice of Daniel, which is undoubtedly one of the best voices in the world in any style and also highlights the atmosphere of old records that have given . Quality have, but no longer used for what I want.Sorry but i don't lost the hope that PoS returns to the good way.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|Fun movie for all ages.  Great movie to watch if you are an Angry Birds game lover.  The story is fast action, cute story line.  Recommend this movie for those who love fun fuzzy feeling flics.
B0045HCJSK|5.0|The great debate is Rio Bravo or Eldorado better? Rio Bravo tops the list for me. The cast is exceptional. Dean Martin, Walter Brennan, Ricky Nelson and the western king John Wayne are great in this movie. Angie Dickinson is just starting out in her movie career. Ward Bond, always a familiar face will leave us soon- but turns in another great performance for us to remember him by. People argue it's not a western because there's no riding through the country on horse back. Well, I say pooh. Watch this movie and listen to the dialogue. The banter between Walter Brennan and anyone is worth it's weight in gold. The old character actor was much loved and it is great to see him as the crusty old \\"Stumpy\\". It's hard to believe all these great actors are now gone. The lovely Angie Dickinson is still among us. She had a chance to work with the Kings of Hollywood, actors and Directors. I envy her.
0307454541|5.0|Stieg has an uncanny way of addressing the missing liberality of opinions in many societies today, not just the Swedish. This fiction hits issues from multiple angles even reaching the bureacracy at the top. Some of the demagogic forces in the book had it full when their time came. Astounding read! This made me go for the other two books in the Millennium Trilogy. They complete the whole story.<br /><br />Gspeed
B000OVLBFS|5.0|I have the entire series to date. My only comment is why can't they make more than one movie a year? Tom Selleck always delivers great performances. You can rest assured his involvement in a project will keep the material clean, interesting without lowering to sexual stunts Hollywood is prone to pull for an audience. I've enjoyed this series. I hope they continue to produce this character. If Blue Bloods ever ends- get Selleck to do this for network TV.
B005DZMNHA|5.0|Chris Rea never lets me down with each new album. It's worth visiting YouTube to watch and hear him speak about this album.  He is so clever and speaks to each song and how they came to be.  His inspiration for most of the songs on this album come from his multiple visits to Venice where his daughter was studying.  Chris has the inate ability to write and compose songs from a single thought or theme. The Last Open Road, Money and the Chance of Love are my favorite tracks on this one.  Santo Spirito rocks.  orcanna  Vancouver
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|I have the entire series to date. My only comment is why can't they make more than one movie a year? Tom Selleck always delivers great performances. You can rest assured his involvement in a project will keep the material clean, interesting without lowering to sexual stunts Hollywood is prone to pull for an audience. I've enjoyed this series. I hope they continue to produce this character. If Blue Bloods ever ends- get Selleck to do this for network TV.
B0040YFR1Y|5.0|if you liked the first movie of the predator then you will love to see this movie, the music and the story are similar. the quality is great and effects are aweson.
B0054JELS4|5.0|This is the best series TV has to offer! The subject matter is always handled and written with the same great skill from one year to the next. I had forgotten how much Tony and Kate bothered me with their ridiculous bickering and banter. Surprised when I re-watched to find out the pain is over after the first two seasons, felt longer in real time as I watched over the years. This next issue was inserting Lauren Holly as Gibbs old girlfriend and now Superior as The Director at NCIS. Her stiff acting and delivery was another hurdle to jump. Pointless to the weekly plots, she constantly intimates their past  \\"sexual\\" relationship. We all know Gibbs is a very attractive, mysterious man with only one true love and three mystery ex-wives that followed. Thankfully, Holly too was gone... The cast headed by Mark Harmon, David McCallum, Cote de Pablo, Pauley Perrette, Sean Murray, and even the irritating Michael Weatherly are the recipe of great series TV. Even though they have now been on for nine seasons, it will be a series greatly missed when it ends. Like CHEERS and it's great cast- lightening in a bottle is seldom repeated in television.
B003L16FAE|5.0|great item, I have received it on time and great quality. the movie looks like it was filmed this year not on the 80's,
B00008OE4W|5.0|Robert Redford has dropped away from the front of the camera to do work behind- but he and this entire cast are excellent. The premise of this movie is so 1960's and early 70's rebellion to \\"the Man\\", \\"the Establishment\\" as it begins. Brings back memories of how we were going to change the world. Then the plot that ensues is great twists and turns. Good entertainment- so happy it is on DVD!
B004EPZ020|4.0|First off, I should say that I LOVED parts one and two.  The first two relied more heavily on very slow-building tension.  These predecessors basically \\"taught\\" viewers how to watch these movies in the first 20-30 minutes by offering numerous subtle, relatively unimportant objects moving as if a spectral breeze had shifted them.  This way when such production devices became important, the viewer had a trained eye--not unlike what was done with White Noise.  These movies convey a style that is very unusual.  So it came as no surprise to me that there was little middle ground in people's opinions of them; they loved'em or hated'em.  I love'em.  Why?  Because my senses are all on full power; I'm all in; I'm practically concentrating on the screen and listening to every creak trying to sleuth out the next clue that something fishy is going on in that house.  Some people may call this \\"work\\".  I call it cool.  [But people chatting during the movie are a much greater distraction than normal under the circumstances.]<br /><br /> This third installment was my least favorite, but I can totally understand why it may be others' favorite.  While it still employed subtle moving objects, it did it less, instead relying on more mainstream devices to provoke scared jumps from the audience.  It also borrowed more heavily from the Poltergeist movies than the first two--not that I minded.  The characters' investigation into the strange goings-on was more methodical and plot-driven.  The first two were more event-driven and investigated more out of fear and curiosity.  The differences between 3 and 1 & 2 were subtle, but numerous, chief amongst them being that \\"the paranormal\\" functions as a character in this movie, rather than a mysterious \\"force\\" in the first two.  As such, the actions of \\"the paranormal\\" were more blatant and felt more like \\"it\\" was doing something \\"to someone\\" whereas in 1 & 2 it was more like \\"something was happening\\" to someone in a haunted house.<br /><br /> The plot is simple.  A family lives in a house.  Weird things start happening.  Step-dad starts putting cameras around the house.  Things get weirder.  And from there anything more would give too much away.  But while the first two movies' endings left us largely to wild speculation, I will say that this one ends with something of an explanation of the paranormal activity.<br /><br /> It doesn't really matter in which order you watch these movies.  However, each sequel (or in this case prequel) was designed to mold over the events of the previous installment.  So watch them in order if it's convenient.  I also demand you watch these with the lights off.  It makes it easier to avoid distractions while you're concentrating on the screen.family lives in a house.  Weird things start happening.  Step-dad starts putting cameras around the house.  Things get weirder.  And from there anything more would give too much away.  But while the first two movies' endings left us largely to wild speculation, I will say that this one ends with something of an explanation of the paranormal activity.   It doesn't really matter in which order you watch these movies.  However, each sequel (or in this case prequel) was designed to mold over the events of the previous installment.  So watch them in order if it's convenient.  I also demand you watch these with the lights off.  It makes it easier to avoid distractions while you're concentrating on the screen.
1599218011|4.0|I thought this book had a lot of great information to reference.  It was well written with some added humor.  You can feel the passion she has for this subject (harmful toxins in our food).  She is inspiring in her fight against cancer and has a positive, encouraging heart.  If you are wanting to research our food industry and how to eat more healthy, I would recommend this book.  But beware, there is some raunchy language in the book, that, personally, I could have done without.  However, I still enjoyed the book!
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This is the Movie you have to own in a blu-ray. The contents packed inside is so good, but any thing with Star Wars is not enough, we want to know more George Lucas :)
B003YOZNBK|4.0|A great movie, we love it. I would recommend this to all my friends and family. It's filled with action and suspense. Great price and a great movie.
B005WWBP1O|5.0|I spent last week in a cabin in Vermont and I forgot my Kindle.  The only few books they had there were cheap romance novels.  I actually read one.  So bad.  I was so happy to get home to my Kindle and emerce myself in \\"Pride and Prejudice\\".  I read this book in high school (a long time ago) and loved reading it again.  The writing is so beautiful that I found myself reading it slowly so that I could really enjoy it.  And the characters stand the test of time.  I loved this story just as much 45 years later!
0439023521|5.0|I wouldn't exactly consider myself bloodthirsty, but I thought, given the edgy context--a society that puts teens in a battle to the death on live TV--Collins used a great deal of restraint actually. Based on some of the other reviews, I thought it was going to be a gruesome blood bath or something, like the massacre at the ending of Needful Things. It wasn't like that at all. I think most people who hated it are appalled by the premise to begin with, but you know what the story is before you even read it, so why buy it then? Yes, this book is intense and often disturbing, but it is not obscenely told. It's really no worse in graphicness than Lord of the Flies. (Mockingjay is much worse!) This book requires the reader to just go with it, to just except that this is how Panam is. Once you start nitpicking the reality of it actually occurring, it will ruin the read for you. Just go with and trust that it is the way it is, and if you do that, you will experience a fun ride with dark, tense and even sweet moments. My absolute favorite parts were with Rue. Peeta is pretty cool too. Those two characters infuse a lot of light to bring balance into the gritty narrative. Expect that this is upper YA in content and tone. If you are not the overly sensitive sort, you should definitely read this book. I was absorbed and read it straight through in one sitting.
B001U88814|2.0|These shoes are super ugly, but I knew that buying them. I bought these shoes with the purpose of taking my dog out in the morning and night when the ground is wet. Mechanically, these should be good, since I can just slip them on and go, and i like that they are an inch off the ground...but why are they so uncomfortable? they are made of foam or whatever and you would think that it would be like walking on air, but no. Not only is the sole not very soft, but its really uncomfortable around the toe area, especially on top of the toe. And the sizing is way off, I wear a womens 9, so i ordered the 10, and it JUST fits.
0439023491|5.0|I totally loved the Hunger Games but this one gripped me even more, which I didn't think was possible. Katniss is back home in District 12 after scoring victory for her and Peeta, but her act to sacrifice herself so neither she nor Peeta would have to choose sparked a rebellion, and she must prove that she did it out of love rather than defiance. President Snow isn't fooled but he expects her to convince the masses this is the case. When it's evident the tide is not returning in his favor and the rebellion heats up, she and Peeta and sucked back into the games with Haymitch when the reaping picks past winners instead of fresh blood.<br /><br />New alliance form within the battle and the Katniss' aliance begins to decode the games, but that doesn't make them any safer. This game shows the game master much more involved in manipulating the players. And I absolutely loved how contrasting it was from the last battle. This was a great read. Katniss becomes really fiesty in this novel and it is fun to see her sparked up and ready to take charge.<br /><br />But the rebellion goes much deeper than she realizes and she unwittingly becomes a symbol on both sides.<br /><br />Definitley an enjoyable read.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|Great puzzle game that can supply extended amounts of fun or just a couple minutes of boredom relief.   My only complaint is that the hint system is a little frustrating because the game only makes one hint available every 12 hours, so it is a little frustrating if you get stuck more than once
0439023513|3.0|No, no, no. What happened here? I was all fired up, as was Katniss after Catching Fire, and her fire went out. She was like a zombie through this book, doing what people wanted her to do at every turn, moping around with the huge weigth of oppression, drooping over this and that. In the past whenever Katniss had been pushed around or backed into a corner, she would fight back, right? I mean, that's what made her so compelling. And now that she's been turned into the leader of the rebellion, she's being dragged along by her heels. She does perform one act of her own towards the end, that hints that she might be back, but she retreats back into the duldroms. A lot of people die in the end, as with any rebellion, and when all is restored, Katniss is still unhappy, still living under the weight of oppression though it has been lifted. I realize that growing up in that society can haunt you for life, especially when you've lost so much, but it left readers with that same heaviness, even as she finds new blessings and things to bring her joy. They killed her fire and it never came back. Ever. If I rated the book on just Katniss, I would give it 1.5 stars, but it had some other redeeming factors, including the characters around her and the overall storyline.<br /><br />I like how the underground city was just as oppressive as Panem, only cleaner, so that it had the appearance of a free society, but it was really just as oppressive, with their entire day was planned out and food was rationed and extreme discipline for the smallest indiscretions. One important character dies in the end and it's written in one weird line. I think Collins could have evoked even more emotion from the reader had it been spelled out more strongly and been given more time to fester. A few of the threads were also left unraveled, like a pair of characters who were off to find the underground city and never heard from again. It seemed like they were just in the book to give those details and nothingmore.<br /><br />I didn't mind how this story unfolded, I just think it would have been a lot more enjoyable if Katniss had given us more moments of the fire we've grown to love.
0439023491|5.0|I'm glad I was convinced to read this series of books. I still think it is a bit strange to consider this a young adult collection, especially since so many adults are drawn to it. Anyhow, I love this book - very captivating. There were more than a few times I got teary-eyed. I kept wishing I could read faster because I wanted to know what happens quicker!
B00371QQ34|3.0|I wanted to have this movie and I waited for the blu ray release.  If you are interested in the spanish/español subtitles/subtitulos, beware that this particular edition has both DVD and blu ray discs, both only the DVD has the above mentioned.  The blu ray disc only has English SDH subtitles
B005FUTBWS|5.0|'Red State' is a powerful film, and has to be one of the best I've seen all year. Kevin Smith did a great job of catching the emotions of the actors and transferring it to the audience. I found my heart racing at many parts of the movie. The intensity of the story was astounding.  This was a great film!
B000SMWUPS|5.0|I got this for $9 on Amazon.com and it's working well on my Joovy Caboose stroller.  I like that it's not too bulky so that my 4-1/2 year old daughter can still sit or stand on the back of the stroller and get in and out without upsetting the contents of the holder.  I put my tall Contigo water bottle in it and it was very stable and doesn't tip over even though it looked off balance.  My water bottle goes in one pocket and my daughter's goes in the other with room for wallet, camera, phone, and keys in the center.  I definitely like the two water bottle separators and I also like the mesh and zip pockets for the phone and keys.  Overall, it's great so far.  In writing the review today I noticed the pricing says $16.99.  I don't think it's worth that much and not sure why the sellers have it priced there.  Maybe I got lucky.  Hope the price comes down.  I wouldn't pay more than $12 for it.
B004LWZW4C|5.0|Two words, Michael Fassbender. He absolutely makes this movie. Fantastic performance from an excellent actor. And the Blu-Ray transfer is perfect, giving you beautiful picture, and engaging sound.
B0034G4P7G|5.0|It's a great story and a great movie. Casting is excellent for it. I really am glad I got the collector's edition because I enjoyed watching the second disc about how the movie was made considering that Harvard will not allow movies to be shot on campus, but it sure does look like it was! Very smart editing!
0307477479|5.0|I read this book twice in 2 weeks.  The story is complex and mesmerizing.  I understand why this one a Pulitzer Prize.  These are characters I'll remember for a very long time.
B004ZNARH4|5.0|I grew up listening to this album...  30 years later, my kids are listening to it as well.  We've often argued that, in years from now, Pink Floyd may be considered to rock music what Mozart is to classical.  This is an outstanding boxed set - but only for the serious fan.  Fabulously remastered - and with many different mixes and concert recordings, live versions, cool stuff.  Whether you're new to the Floyd, or just getting re-aquainted, this set is for you!
B005D0TETA|4.0|If your a Yes fan this concert is a must for you. The only reason why i did not give it 5 stars is because Rick Wakeman is not playing with them.
B004JN1CW4|2.0|I want to say that the first two books were so fantastic that I pre-ordered this one and couldn't wait until it was delivered to my Kindle/iPad. I have been trying to put my finger on why this one just didn't grab and hold  me like the others. Perhaps it was because they were more out in the \\"real\\" world than in the maze, so it lost some of its magic for me? Im also not a fan of zombie stories and it seemed like the author had to bring in a major slice of zombie action because they are so popular right now. I wish we had learned more about Thomas from before he went in to the maze. And what about the other kids? Where did they come from? There were a few hints at why Thomas participated in the trials but it left way too many unanswered questions for me. I felt like the end was rather sloppy and almost felt hasty in its wrap up. To me, the summary was this:<br /><br />1. Good guys  to align with Right Arm group, even though they know nothing about them<br />2. Everyone battles zombies<br />3. Bad guys from WICKED try to keep the trials going- no real details<br />4. Good guys win<br />5. Game over.<br /><br /> Like other reviews, perhaps the author simply got tired of the trilogy. I finished the book but unlike most really good books, it took me several nights and I even switched to a different book a few times because it simply didn't hold me like the first two stories. The \\"magic\\" was missing. I hope we see more new stories from this author. Maybe he simply needs some fresh inspiration!
B005F6NA56|5.0|Feist is a quirky artist with a haunting voice that seems to grab you without much effort. I loved her previous CD's, but she was able to exceed all prior albums with \\"Metals\\". The quiet, haunting beauty of \\"The Reminder\\" has been let intact while being embellished with interesting rhythmic beats and amazing harmonies. A lot of backing harmonies have this deep, woodsy, southern soul choir sound to them. \\"Metals\\" is really atmospheric, and while striking upon first listen, reveals ever more nuance and depth when listened to repeatedly. I would have bought this album for \\"The Bad in Each Other\\" alone, but \\"Graveyard\\", \\"Caught a Long Wind\\", \\"How Come You Never Go There\\", \\"Commotion\\" and \\"Anti-Pioneer\\" sweeten the deal even more. The climax of \\"Undiscovered First\\" should be used to teach a class on use of vocals and swirling distorted guitars to properly achieve full sonic effect. There are about 3 songs that don't just blow my mind, (\\"Bitterweet Melodies\\", I'm looking at you), but they are still solid and sweet songs. One of my favorites, \\"Comfort Me\\", feels like a song that could been on \\"The Reminder\\" if it had remained at its inception, but was instead given room to grow into the masterful song that it became.  If you like Feist, then you must add this album to your collection. If you like dynamic and compelling songs, beautifully sung, and strung together effortlessly into a master work then you should get this CD/download. It is one of my top picks of the 2011.
B000VWYJ8G|5.0|I purchased this a couple of years ago as a Christmas present for my husband. He really enjoyed the other Bourne Identity videos, and I was pretty sure that he would like this to complete his set.. I was right, he loved it. Actually, so did I! Matt Damon does an awesome job in this movie.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|Guess what I saw at the movies yesterday?  Give up?  Previews for the upcoming rereleases of the \\"Star Wars\\" films in 3D.  How long do you think it will be before the films are once again repackaged and offered to the viewing public in brilliant Blu-ray 3D?  Having purchased the videotapes, laserdiscs, and DVDs over the years, I would really like to see George Lucas stop milking his franchise for every last possible penny and possibly direct something (anything) to show us that he has what it takes to be considered a great director.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|20 word minimum??  OK um &quot;there's a zombie on your lawnnnn there's a zombie on you lawwwwn &quot; good game low red but smooth fps graphics good sound classic.
1439192812|5.0|This is a beautiful book, an exciting book, and a book which explains science, not only to children, but is also highly appropriate for adults who have not attended college, and even for those whose college educations did not include science, and those who were miseducated in science, as is all too often the case.  I purchased this book as a winter-solstice present for my grandchildren, aged 6 and 4. They may not be quite ready for it, but when they are, I want it to be there. Excellent.  I have read the book all the way through, and I came upon only one error: On page 115, right-hand column, line 5: \\"southern horizon\\" should be replaced with \\"northern horizon.\\" When one views the midnight sun at the summer solstice from the arctic circle in the northern hemisphere, one is looking at it over the north pole, on the northern horizon.  This book is highly recommended, as is the case with all of Professor Dawkins's books and lectures.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Constant crashes, cant advance to the back yard before the game crashes.  Tried uninstalling and reinstalling which does not help.
1892005034|5.0|I grew up under parents steeped in the \\"Domination Culture\\" Rosenberg has described. This book as well as other materials from The Center for Nonviolent Communication have provided a framework that helps to achieve the \\"win-win\\" you always hear about. I especially like that it is simple to understand. An excellent book.
B004VF68AQ|5.0|For what this album is, it is fantastic. Any band out there with any real cred would kill to put together an album like this. The sound is fresh and original and I am a hardcore Jane's fan. As far as Eric Avery, he was the fuel behind the fire I will agree. They have never sounded the same without him and he is never coming back. Back when Jane's first formed it was only Perry and Eric. What most people don't know is that Dave and Stephen were fans of the band and use to frequent their shows as fans before joining the band and ousting their guitar player and drummer. Most of Jane's original material, including most of the songs on ritual were all written before they came to the band. Of Course, Stephen and Dave's additions to their material was fantastic, and only added to their greatness. For them, when Eric and Perry met, it was like catching lightning in a bottle. They could never repeat the events or the feel of those days again. It was a different time and a different place. Now in the future, more mature, older, and finely aged...they have found a great new sound that is in tune with today but still has a lot of their old style mixed in. I hope they have more in the works and maybe we can get one more great recording out of them before they hang it up. I totally get why they named this album...The Great escape artist, sit back relax, turn up the volume and escape!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The problem with this series isn't the film making, it's the absolutely terrible quality of the blu rays themselves.  I had to have my copy replaced twice before i got a copy that functioned.  As for adding the whole vader screaming \\"nooooo\\" at the end of jedi, it's just like all the other stupid gimmicks lucas added to the \\"special\\" editions; pointless, and stupid.  The movies are still good, but just be prepared to return several copies in order to get one that works.  When i say mine didn't function, there were actual holes in the blu rays.  I would recommend holding up your copy with the clear side facing you to a source of light, and check to make sure there aren't any holes.  Do it for every disc, in the two bad copies i received the discs with holes varied.
B005DKLPF6|5.0|Okay I'll start off by saying that I am a huge Prog rock/Jazz fan so I definitely love long songs and epic concepts but I am so happy that Mastodon toned it down this time because I think if they didn't make this album this way they would have just kept making the same album over and over again. The songs are a little shorter and the concept business has been toned down a little so I can just pop this in any time and have a 5 minute song on the way to the gas station or whatever, bottom line the album kicks total ass. I'm not gonna do a track by track because it's already been done and not to mention just listen to it and make your own track by track analysis. Buy this album especially if you have never heard Mastodon. *********************************************************************************************************************(that's how many stars it needs)
0385344325|5.0|I really enjoyed the newest Jack Reacher novel, \\"The Affair\\" by Lee Child.  It's a good addition to this tough guy, former military cop, action series.  However, this book goes back to right before Jack Reacher gets out of the Army, and you get to see why he left, and the book hints at the things to come in Child's first book, \\"Killing Floor.\\"  While he is a bit younger, and still in uniform (well sort of, he does go under cover), this is the same Jack Reacher I've enjoyed throughout this series.  I admit, there are a few I still have to go back and read)<br /><br />The story is similar to many Jack Reacher tales, it takes place in a small town that Reacher drifts into, finds adventure, mystery to solve, and of course, racks up a body count.  thought not as large as some books  The major difference in this novel is that instead of just drifting in, he is still under orders of the U.S. Army.  The love interest in this story is a bit stronger than some of the other book, with an interesting female character in Sheriff Deveraux, a former Marine, and a good pairing with Reacher.  Seems the love scenes were a bit more explicit that some of the other books, but I didn't feel they were overly done.  It fit with the story and the times.  People attracted to each other in a stressful situation might just act the way these two did.<br /><br />The book has plenty of action, and Child tells this in first person, so we are living what Reacher is living as we read the tale, and Child introduces the story with a scene, then goes back a few days to catch up up, and then continues from that introductory scene.  The technique works well for this story.  The tension and suspense continue throughout, and there is enough action and twists to keep the reader wanting to turn pages.  And this book had one of my favorite lines from a novel in a long time, \\"Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the mouth.\\"  Yes, Jack Reacher is a character I really like, and this book was a very enjoyable read.  And that is what this kind of novel is for.  It's an action packed, suspenseful, fun, escapism yarn that allows you some relaxation while reading about a tough guy hero, in a tight situation, with a beautiful woman, and a direct tough guy way to solve problems.<br /><br />Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author of the novel \\"Lost Conscience,\\" that's looking for a publisher.t is what this kind of novel is for.  It's an action packed, suspenseful, fun, escapism yarn that allows you some relaxation while reading about a tough guy hero, in a tight situation, with a beautiful woman, and a direct tough guy way to solve problems.   Reviewed by Alain Burrese, J.D., author of the novel \\"Lost Conscience,\\" that's looking for a publisher.
0345529057|5.0|Great reads.I haven't started the new one, yet - I'll probably wait until the next and final book of the series is in paperback. That way they'll all line up cleanly across the bookshelf shelf.
B000AP04NI|5.0|I bought this because my 94 year old mother loves musicals, & can sing along to most of the songs.
1908117230|5.0|Why is a book published a month ago already out of stock and only available from non-Amazon sellers? I can't wait to buy the book but I'm not paying $87 for it!
B004UID2LC|1.0|waste of download and phone space.  only download their stuff.  do npt download. thank god it was free to try.
B005F82X48|4.0|Tooth & Nail has been releasing new artists' debut albums left and right over the past several months, so when one stands out among the crowd, it really proves to be something special. The latest debut album from the respected label has just arrived this week: Icon For Hire`s Scripted. While it would be easy for a new female-fronted rock band to simply copy established, respected groups like Flyleaf or Fireflight, Icon For Hire doesn't quite fit the mold. They rock hard and make their music thoroughly enjoyable, so when that's thrown in with some phenomenal vocals and solid songwriting, Scripted comes through as a solid debut.<br /><br />The doors fly open as the introductory \\"Overture\\" quickly erupts into the opening track, \\"Theater,\\" an epic and fun song that effectively sets the musical and lyrical tone for the nine other tracks to follow. None of the other songs quite match its quality for the rest of the record, but a lot of them come pretty close; the two following songs, the driving lead single \\"Make a Move\\" and the synth-laden \\"Get Well,\\" are particularly strong. Though a lot of the rest of the songs sound somewhat similar to the strong lead-in tracks, the album remains thoroughly enjoyable right to the end, with other highlights including the catchy sound of \\"Off With Her Head\\" and the sheer intensity of \\"Fight.<br /><br />The band's attempts to slow down on \\"The Grey\\" and \\"Only a Memory\\" aren't bad, though some of the album's weaker moments definitely lie in these songs. Neither song is bad necessarily, but \\"Only a Memory\\" especially isn't particularly strong. Both songs give lead singer Ariel Bloomer opportunities to show her impressive vocal talents, though, and offer her a chance to shine in a different way than she already does in the heavier songs. Now that I mention vocals, Ariel has a seriously incredible voice that drives every song with the proper intensity and hits all the right notes. The wordier moments of the album, namely the pre-chorus of \\"Off With Her Head\\" and the verses in \\"Up In Flames,\\" are also done to catchy perfection.<br /><br />Lyrically, Scripted generally follows a theme hinted at by the title, and that is to not live like life is a show, to not \\"follow the script\\" but rather follow the \\"dream of rejecting the routine.\\" \\"Theater\\" covers this theme the most blatantly (\\"I wanna live like I lost the script and scream every line like this is it\\"), while many of the other tracks contribute to the idea in some way. The lyrics are consistently solid; there might be a weak moment or two (obviously disguising a misuse of the word \\"hell\\" by substituting it with \\"help\\" where it doesn't make any sense, for example), but overall they express the theme very well.<br /><br />Once \\"Pieces\\" closes the album out, you'll probably be wishing there was more, and for good reason: Scripted is a solid and consistently enjoyable rock album, but it's also painfully short, clocking in at just under 32 minutes. Scripted definitely would have benefited from another song or two, maybe the album could have even waited a little longer to be released if the band needed some more time to write and record.<br /><br />Regardless of the rather short length, though, Scripted is still a great album with some great songs that rock hard and deliver a good message. Those who have enjoyed other artists on Tooth & Nail's roster should enjoy this record, as should fans of Fireflight and Flyleaf. There's a great set of songs in Scripted, but there is definitely room for some improvement, which makes me excited to see where Icon For Hire will go next. For now, though, Scripted is a satisfying and entertaining record to be enjoyed for a long while to come.d the verses in \\"Up In Flames,\\" are also done to catchy perfection.  Lyrically, Scripted generally follows a theme hinted at by the title, and that is to not live like life is a show, to not \\"follow the script\\" but rather follow the \\"dream of rejecting the routine.\\" \\"Theater\\" covers this theme the most blatantly (\\"I wanna live like I lost the script and scream every line like this is it\\"), while many of the other tracks contribute to the idea in some way. The lyrics are consistently solid; there might be a weak moment or two (obviously disguising a misuse of the word \\"hell\\" by substituting it with \\"help\\" where it doesn't make any sense, for example), but overall they express the theme very well.  Once \\"Pieces\\" closes the album out, you'll probably be wishing there was more, and for good reason: Scripted is a solid and consistently enjoyable rock album, but it's also painfully short, clocking in at just under 32 minutes. Scripted definitely would have benefited from another song or two, maybe the album could have even waited a little longer to be released if the band needed some more time to write and record.  Regardless of the rather short length, though, Scripted is still a great album with some great songs that rock hard and deliver a good message. Those who have enjoyed other artists on Tooth & Nail's roster should enjoy this record, as should fans of Fireflight and Flyleaf. There's a great set of songs in Scripted, but there is definitely room for some improvement, which makes me excited to see where Icon For Hire will go next. For now, though, Scripted is a satisfying and entertaining record to be enjoyed for a long while to come.
B005WTR4ZI|5.0|This book is insightful, well-researched and worrying.  The potential for new technologies to divide societies is not new.  However,  Brynjolfsson and McAfee make a compelling argument for something very different and far-reaching this time.  Because their analysis and conviction concerning the problem is so strong, their solutions might appear insufficient and overly sanguine.  But they recognize this, leaving the reader thinking about what better solutions there might be.  This is a book that stimulates a lot of thought for a long while after reading it.  It's brief, written in an easy-to-follow style, without being patronizing or arcanely academic.  An excellent, unsettling piece, and - I think - an important one.
B002U6CJO2|4.0|The CG in the movie did bother me somewhat, but overall I thought it was definitely worth the price. Package arrived on time and in great condition as well.
B0034G4P80|4.0|I really liked this movie! I never read Thor comics and only knew the very bare basics of his character from the reading I did of The Avengers (mostly stuck with X-Men related titles.  But I saw the panel and preview of this movie at San Diego Comic Con and it looked pretty fun. And it was! I didn't see the 3D version but don't really care about those effects.   The actor playing Thor seemed like he had a lot of fun playing the character. And the cast of supporting characters were all great.   I tend to love superhero movies - good, popcorn entertainment! And this one lived up to it. Can't wait to see The Avengers!
B0052GACNM|5.0|Incredible match-ups that I would have never chosen and could hardly believe I was hearing but that's the beauty of this CD.  Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse in particular are spectacular with Tony!  This is a really fun CD to listen to.
B005SBJG60|4.0|So, you're a true Radiohead fan, and you don't get this album.  I am sorry, because this album is a bold reworking of some very interesting material. Is this album a \\"traditional\\" Radiohead effort?  I don't know.  I have no idea what traditional is for Radiohead.  What I have come to expect from this most wonderful of bands is a headlong rush into the unknown, into music that could be done by almost no other group of 2&4 musicians on the planet.    Why do I like this effort so much?  First and foremost, I think the music in this collection is both rhythmically and harmonically interesting.  I think the artists who did the remixing did interesting things with the raw material.  I like the way the texture of the music changes from track to track.    Yes -- this album has no songs for you to learn and sing. Don't worry, however.  Coldplay is releasing a new album next week. In the mean time, open your mind and give this work a thoughtful listen.  True, the album is not OK Computer, but no other Radiohead album is, either.  That's the joy of being a creep.
B0041KKYH4|2.0|I had been wanting to see this movie since I saw the previews - since seeing it, I could have just as well stuck with the previews.  It was as if someone filmed short clips and stuck them together - there were many parts of the film that did not transition very well, and there was very little chemistry between the actors in the movie.  To keep this short, I will not be watching this movie again.
0142403873|5.0|This book has become my children's favorite book.  She now has all the words memorized. It is a good flowing book that is a good story.  Well done.
0785153322|5.0|Right now, Marvel Studios is on a roll. Iron Man, Thor, and Captain America are three of the best comic book movies ever. Iron Man 2 has its problems but it is still a strong sequel in many ways. The Art of Marvel Studios gives insight into the world and production of these movies. There are reviews of the books individually so I won't go into details. What isn't mentioned in the book's description is that it includes an almost movie sized \\"bonus\\" poster of the slipcase artwork that is approximately 36\\" x 22\\". As the Art of Iron Man and the Art of Iron Man 2 are out of print and very expensive. This collection is a really good deal at the price Amazon is now offering. The books are basically must haves for fans of the films and the lead up to The Avengers.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|What can you say - beautifully remastered classic Dumbo just as my whole family remembers it, and now for a new generation to enjoy. Thank you Disney!
B0050CQY1W|2.0|I only enjoyed about 3 songs in this album.<br />It was somewhat of a disappointment. It seemed as if she just went through it as if she needed to get an album out as quickly as possible.<br />I had to listen to it repeatedly to try to get used to it.<br />She's a Great Entertainer, however I did not enjoy this album.<br />You may want to listen to the previews in Amazon prior to purchasing this album.
B003IPC5UC|5.0|the packing wasnt ruined, the timing was perfect. i opened it and it was in great condition. I love every single song except for the album title track Aphrodite. But every other song is amazing! I already know all the lyrics!
B005CGI3ZG|3.0|When I received this in the mail, some of the discs are already scuffed and scratched because of the packaging.  The discs are not separated, but rather they're stacked one on top of another in a flimsy plastic case so there is no protection for them.  I had to buy a CD wallet to put the movies in so as not to damage them further.  If you're looking for something collectible or in good packaging, don't bother with this set.  If you keep all your DVDs in a flip-case binder or wallet, or a media library, then it's worth the money.
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|While the whole X Men franchise is a very entertaining collection of movies, I must say that until they took on the task of focusing on Wolverine's character I really wasn't in the true fan category.  I am a huge Hugh Jackman fan and I have always liked the Wolverine character  back in the cartoon series at least - never had the comic books  so this was a double 'gotta have a look' movie for me and I was delighted with what I found.  Not only was the story line well written and thought out, every character had their role and they played it well.  I really liked Liev Schreiber's character as Logan/Wolverine's brother and the new nemesis created a al Frankenstein by the mad Colonel.  The scenery was breathtaking, especially that gorgeous old farm where Logan/Wolverine runs to, fully naked, after the transformation surgery.  Utterly spectacular vistas!  The action was great without being over the top with a CGI glut.  The main thrust of tihs whole movie was the death of Logan and the birth of Wolverine and how it all came into being.  It was a great action movie and I thoroughly enjoyed it as pure entertainment.  An awesome movie for a rainy afternoon or a movie marathon weekend with family and friends!
1608191664|5.0|I have heard and seen Mr Chang on the internet and find him very knowledgeable. His book is very well written for someone interested in current economics, but is not an expert. I hardily recommend this book for anyone interested in logical explanations of what is occurring in the world today and what are the consequences of actions taken in the past. A wonderful, easily readable expose of today's economics.
B004XJHBCE|5.0|it makes your interface much cleaner and is something you will use every single day. highly recommended and worth $1.49.
B00466HN86|5.0|Courageous is a movie every father should see. It is the best movie on fatherhood I've ever seen. It affected me deeply and I felt that the message of hope was profoundly moving. I was seriously close to tears the entire movie except for the funny parts. I'd laugh and then go right back to feeling like I was going to burst into tears. It was a total emotional rollercoaster but one that left me grateful for my own father's roll in my life. I think this movie appeals to such a wide audience because each father in the movie is in a different situation. One is unemployed for a while, another experiences a tragic loss and one reconnects with his child in a meaningful way. This movie also has lots of action and family drama. Believe the good reviews - this movie is amazing.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
B001CW7ZXK|5.0|Great to enjoy this movie again, and again, reminds me of my college days!  Nice anniversary edition.  A wonderful addition to my collection.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|It's a lot of fun to play with, and create fun sketches of your everyday life. I like to use this app to take pics almost as much as the regular camera.
B0036TGT3E|5.0|Beautiful! This movie is a classic and with it on blu ray i feel like a kid watching it for the first time again! The colors were brilliant! Nothing more can be said... just wonderful!
B0013LL2Z2|5.0|One of the beat Cult Classic movies ever made. Everyone needs this one in their collection. Receiving it through Amazon was a seamless operation.
B004LWZW4M|3.0|If you were expecting an action packed ape attack like it was advertised, then you will be let down. The action sequences are few are far between, and are VERY short. This is not the story of Apes taking over in a Rebellion against humans. It's the story of an exceptionally smart Ape (chimp) who finds his place in the world. If you liked A.I., you will like this. If you are expecting Transformers, Terminator, ID4, etc. don't waste your time.   The Movie poster, where you see an angry monkey, and a burning bridge, and a horde of angry gorillas, should instead be a monkey looking longingly toward a forest from a fenced in yard. This would better depict the actual movie.  The other gripe I have with this film, is there is nothing new in here. Everything is something taken from other films. The apes escaping is from I-Robot, the bridge scene is from one of the giant spider films, there are many hints of Deep Blue sea in here as well.  We have all seen King Kong, so we seen CG primates before, so.. nothing really new there either.  The other big problem I had with the film was that it seems like it was made for the PG or PC crowd. The apes (with very few exceptions) don't kill people. There are SO many scenes where people should be pounded into pudding, or limbs ripped off, or impaled by spears, etc, but nothing like that happens. They seem to have taken the A-Team rule book of violence. Harry Potter has more violence and death.  Again: It's not a bad film. Not a bad waste of 2 hours, but not the action packed ape take-over it was advertised to be, and not close to the feeling of the original. It's one of those re-invisioned timeline kind of film.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Since my husband doesn't really care to play games, this is a lovely outlet for me. While he works on his firearms, Quell helps me find a quiet place for a little while. Thanks for the island!
B005LJK3AC|5.0|First, let me say I wasn't a fan of Bridesmaids or The Hangover.  Saw them both and wondered what all the hype was about.  Second, I had scanned the reviews for this one before renting it and decided that since there seemed to be a 'half n' half' on it - some loved it and some were disappointed - it was probably worth a look.  I'm so glad I did, as it was one of the funniest 93 minutes I've enjoyed in a long time!<br /><br />The 3 main characters really aren't the bosses, but their employees.  Each with their own set of quirks, these three friends have growing up together and remaining friends, and hating their bosses in common.  What struck me about a third of the way in was how much it reminded me of the movie '9 to 5' - the theme of wanting to kill the boss and the comradery between the main characters.<br /><br />All the characters were played perfectly.  All of them are really one-dimensional, but they don't need to be more.  It all works and you get some surprising big name stars you've not seen in awhile popping into the movie too.<br /><br />Situational comedy is at the core of this film.  It's not slap-stick, but the dialogue between the characters is sharp and on-point.  If you are laughing too hard, the beauty of a rental is you can rewind to catch what you just missed!  I did it several times while watching this movie.<br /><br />You get a happy ending with lots of laughs from start to finish. The characters are fun, you empathize with the employees, feel the 'ugh' from the bosses, and laugh at the ineptness of regular guys who could be you, or your friends.<br /><br />Horrible Bosses is for anyone who enjoys comedic bi-play without a concern for the movie 'should' or 'could' be.  Just have fun with it!  You'll be glad you did.<br /><br />-----------------------------<br /><br />UPDATE 11/17/15:  I've probably seen this film half a dozen times more and I continue to enjoy it, finding new things to laugh about and considering this film one of my go-to, fun favorites.<br /><br />It bears restating that it's not going to be for everyone, but if you're not overly sensitive to naughty, crude talk and like the actors (Bateman, Aniston, Spacey...) give it a look. For me, I find I like it more now than I did the first time I saw it, which doesn't happen all that often.<br /><br />-------------------------------------n favorites.<br /><br />It bears restating that it's not going to be for everyone, but if you're not overly sensitive to naughty, crude talk and like the actors (Bateman, Aniston, Spacey...) give it a look. For me, I find I like it more now than I did the first time I saw it, which doesn't happen all that often.<br /><br />-------------------------------------
0307477479|4.0|This book was peddled, by the Gentlewoman of all places, as both a scathing satire of the music industry and a postmodern tour de force. God love the Gentlewoman, but they were wrong on both counts. And although these were the hooks that initially reeled me in, I was just as content with the fairly traditional and deeply touching story. Yes, it's told in interweaving, anachronic vignettes. But in this day and age, that does not pose any sort of challenge to well-accepted forms. No matter. What's important here is the emotional quality of the book, the palpable ache running solidly through all of its threads. Egan's prose is far from lyrical, and she's no stylist. But the straightforward, near dry quality of her language serves the story well. But though her prose is arid, the book is not. I cried countless times while reading, yet without sentimentality. A Visit from the Goon Squad is a deft, surgical tragedy.
B0036T32LQ|5.0|This is one movie that provokes a viewer to look at her/him self from distance and question surreality of life. What is dream, and what is reality? Both are just a state of mind. I gave \\"Triangle\\" five stars for a decent attempt to twist and exploit this fact.
B005CAATXG|5.0|I didn't even buy this CD off of Amazon, but I had to make sure Icon of Hire got another 5 stars they deserve.  This CD is great from the first track all the way to the last one.  Very solid first CD full of upbeat, rocking tracks.  I was able to meet the band a week ago, and they are very cool and down to earth.  A great CD from an awesome band!!
B005M92MJ6|2.0|Because I was very confused listening to it. Very reminiscent of A Perfect Circle and Tool, I feel like Maynard is moving backwards instead of forwards and I was SO looking forward to this Puscifer release! If you're into melodic tunes, this is for you. They are beautifully done. Just doesn't pack the punch of the Puscifer I know and love and surely Maynard is more innovative than this. This is Maynard playing it very safe instead of pushing the envelope. I am a little blown away by all the 5 star reviews. Seriously? I agree with Robjam's take on this record but I am less generous in regards to the listenable tracks. I almost wrote off Telling Ghosts but it finally picked up a little, so I'll keep it on my list. Other than that, the title track is worthy, Man Overboard (When I first heard this I had high hopes for the album) and Toma. So very disappointed. Don't even get me started on the album cover art...
B00479SVBU|5.0|I have had at least four different transmitters and this one is by far worth every penny and more! It is crystal clear. Has such a powerful signal it overides my local channels when its tuned to their station's frequencies. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone in the market, you won't regret it. Only issue is the manual is a litle evasive but its on you tube if you have any other questions. :)
B00003CX5P|4.0|The show was good but the DVD was suppost to be a new DVD unused but it was not.  Still I was happy with the product.
B003MZ0I84|3.0|Love the CD. But would have preferred a copy in a jewel case, Not a cardboard jacket! Amazon needs to work on this.
B005KAH7QU|3.0|We were very excited to rent this as soon as it was available.  The previews made it look pretty intriguing, and we weren't disappointed.... for the first 45 minutes or so.<br /><br />Without ruining too much of the plot, the premise is that this girl is trained from a very young age to be an assassin.  It goes much as expected for the first parts of the movie, with lots of action and impressive combat along with a thoughtful plot.  Unfortunately, somewhere towards the middle, it seems that the writers forgot that Hanna was supposed to be an amazing killer.  She spends the last half of the movie running away from people and generally letting us down in terms of originality, excitement, common sense, and action.<br /><br />Overall, it's an okay movie but I think the script needed some work.  The actors are all superb and do an excellent job with what they were given, especially the main character's actress.  Would recommend as a casual watch, but don't expect too much out of it.
B003Y5H53S|3.0|This is an ok movie.  It was not good, but not bad either.  The idea was stupid and had been reused over and over, but they made it so that is was still creative.  The movie was a classic \\"the hero inside you\\" movie mixed with a western movie.  If you have watched both types of movies, this movie will not excite you.  It repeats all of the lines you already know, like \\"It's not about what you are looking for, it's about your friends,\\" and \\"You're the hero of this town, now\\".  If you haven't watched those types of movies, you will enjoy Rango to some extent.  There are many funny parts.  LIke I said before, it's not a good movie, but it is not bad either.
0553386794|5.0|Great book. Great series.  Not a huge \\"fantasy fan\\", but fantasy does not dominate this series.  AGOT is my second favorite in the ASOFI series, behind A Storm of Sword.
B001IF252C|5.0|My main computer, a Mac Pro, has been in the repair shop for three weeks, so I've been doing all of my computer work (much of which requires a large monitor) on a 13-inch MacBook (model 5,1).  For my 30-inch Apple monitor to work at the highest screen resolution with my MacBook, I needed to buy an Apple Mini DisplayPort to Dual-Link DVI Adapter MB57Z/A.  Given the DisplayPort's rather high price (just under $100), before I bought it I wanted to be sure that (a) it would work well with my equipment and (b) there wasn't any less expensive but equally effective non-Apple adapter available.  So I did quite a bit of \\"research\\" (including talking with some computer technicians and reading many product descriptions and reviews).  What I found was a bit confusing.  Apple and vendor webpages offer very little info about this adapter, and although there are a few less expensive third-party adapters that might work with some combinations of computers and monitors, I wasn't sure that any of them would work well with my system.  The reviews of Apple's DisplayPort that I found were mixed.  Some were very positive, but others contained references to performance problems, especially with earlier versions of the adapter (however, it's not possible to know, in advance, which version you are getting--you just have to assume you're getting \\"the latest\\" version).  Bottom Line:  I decided to take a chance and order the Apple DisplayPort adapter.  Yes, it was expensive, over $100 with shipping, but for several weeks now it has worked flawlessly with my Apple laptop and 30-inch monitor; the display quality is just as good as it was with my Mac Pro.  I think ca. $50 would be a \\"reasonable\\" price to pay for this adapter, but I'll be satisfied with my purchase if the adapter continues to work well for at least a few years.
B0015AARJI|1.0|This controller is JUNK!!  It may look like the real PS3 controller but I assure you it is a good copy on the outside but inside is not comparable!  It has extremely slow response while playing, it take about 2-3 seconds to respond while playing anything, and that is unacceptable!  DO NOT BUY THIS CONTROLLER!!
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|Bruce Willis has a knack for picking (or being picked for) quirky action comedies. This certainly fits in that category.<br /><br />The movie is great, and the DVD's good. Video encoding was high quality (I got the DVD version, not blu-ray) and no problems watching it on my PC.<br /><br />One of my favorite recent movies!
B000VALY54|3.0|I am a Val Kilmer fan and my son-in-law told me what a good movie this was so I bought it.  Actually, it was very juvenile, but I still enjoyed Val.
0062011847|5.0|The Kindle version is fixed. There are a number of 1-star reviews for the formatting, but the formatting problems have been fixed. another great book from Pratchett, full of the humor and insight that we have come to expect from the Discworld books.
B003Y5H542|4.0|I'm a fan of animated movies, especially Pixar, but as of late I've grown someone tired of the genre. I feel like every film is a tired story with talking animals, a few crude jokes for adults that the kids don't get, and great visuals.  Rango these features. There are talking animals, a few crude jokes, and amazing graphics. But the story, unlike other offerings, is complex, yet easy enough for a child to follow. Children will love Rango's expressions and wit. It has just enough slapstick to have them laughing without feeling overly corny. The tone and feel of the film is somewhat gritty, reminiscent of Western movies of times passed.  The story does drag at certain points. My oldest son lost interest at some points. He came back and finished it, though, and he says it's one of his favorites. If he likes it, then I do too!
B003L20IFQ|5.0|You would think that watching a movie about someone buried in a box would have you nodding off in minutes, but you'd be wrong. I was truly amazed at how much I liked this movie. Even in such a limited setting, Ryan Reynolds was able to express all of the emotions you'd expect to feel if it had been you in the box. The twist ending probably wasn't really a surprise (no spoilers here), but it still made me go \\"Oh!\\" even though I half expected it. I highly recommend this movie.
B004T32SOK|5.0|Great app for the road warriors among us.  Can be used for any number of things.  Good for novice or expert.
0316056863|4.0|I loved this book. Tina Fey is genuinely funny, intelligent, and a really passionate and determined individual. She was very transparent and vulnerable, yet hilariously funny at the same time. There are very few things I read that make me literally laugh out loud, but she got me again and again. Definitely a pg-13 rating...I wish I could let my daughters read it, but there are quite a few jokes that wouldn't be appropriate for them.    Glad I read it.  It made me laugh a lot, and think a lot at the same time.
B004GJDQT8|5.0|Great app for the road warriors among us.  Can be used for any number of things.  Good for novice or expert.
B004RCUJ9E|5.0|To the person complaining that the CPU doesn't play by the rules check your options before giving a bad review. Forced captures can be turned on or off.  This is an excellent checkers game.
B0058VW36U|4.0|Great app for the road warriors among us.  Nice puzzles for a little brain teaser.  Good for novice or expert.
B00002DE4E|5.0|The second (and final) album from Joy Divison, Closer is their magnum opus, their finest hour. However the only downside to that is the tragic ending to lead singer Ian Curtis, who committed suicide before this album's release. Despite that, Closer is a masterpiece in every since of the word. From beginning to end, Closer will have you by the throat. From standouts such as The Eternal, Means to an End, Twenty Four Hours, and so on, Closer is an album that deserves to be heard.
B004T5K3OK|5.0|Great app for the road warriors among us.  Can be used for any number of things.  Good for novice or expert.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|just awesome i loved it amazing movie perfect ending hope there is harry potter origins snape :) :) :) :) :) :)
B004XNGKBS|4.0|Great app for the road warriors among us.  Can be used for any number of things.  Good for novice or expert.
0385523912|5.0|\\"Nothing to Envy\\" provides a picture of North Korea and its people that was different than my preconceived notions. I learned a lot from this book, and it was so interesting to read that I could not put it down.
B004L07KWQ|3.0|Could be so much better, but it still keeps the granddaughter's attention for a few minutes.  Would be nice if it had some settings to pick drawing tool and color.
B0042J6VUS|1.0|Opened the package and tried to put my iPhone 4S in the bracket...and it broke.  They're using a cheap spring, something you'd see used in a disposable ballpint pen and the spring just lost its tention while trying to fit my phone.  If they had used slightly longer one it might of worked...not!  Without the spring, I extended the arm to its maximum length and there're no way you can put your iPhone 4/4S without putting a lot of stress to the sides of your phone.  This should have been manufactured with additional 1/4 inch.<br /><br />Upon inspecting the packaging, it says \\"Mobile Holder\\" with a picture of a phone from 7-8 years ago.  Nowhere does the packaging refers to iPhone or Android phone.<br /><br />It's not worth my time to try to return it.  Save your money and get something else.<br /><br />---------------- Update ----------------------------------------<br />I found a much better mount called [[ASIN:B0056C4VRK iStabilizer MobiMount Smartphone Tripod Mount]] for my iPhone (I gave it 4 stars).  Until I find an even better one, it is going to be my mount of choice for my iPhone.
0393330435|5.0|What is the problem?  If you are in Thailand and be a general customer who order a book.  You will get a book with indian paper quality.  You can get a good quality with almost the same price by a book store near you.  I will not buy from amazon anymore.  It is unacceptable.
B005529BDK|5.0|It is great to see someone developing games like this for Android.  If us (as the Android community) want this to continue we need to support developers like this by reviewing/purchasing his or her game.  This game is well worth the $1.99.
B004X8W4A4|5.0|After reading Heat Wave, I just had to have Naked Heat. Now I am hooked. I absolutely love the Castle series on TV and now hope he will continue to write \\"Heat\\" novels. I realize Richard Castle is a fictional character but the books are so great I will pretend he is as real as Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny. Never Never Never let the series or the books end!
B002I0J5FG|5.0|this is from my sons wish list. I know he will love it. He makes my gift giving easy.I just go to his wish list and order then i am done.
1401310400|5.0|Whoever thought up this idea of writing and publishing the novel, written by the author who is the main character of a TV series, was a genius. From the beginning of the Castle series I kept saying, \\"I'd like to read the Nicki Heat novel\\" and when I realized it was available of course I bought it. Even as a stand alone novel it was a very good book. In connection to the Castle TV series it explained a lot of the dialogue in the series.
B003R0MF5S|5.0|I personally do not watch this show, however my son is a big fan and i got this as part of his christmas this year.
B004SB60OC|5.0|I bought this cd for my mother for her birthday she has been looking for it for a year so she really enjoys listening to the cd. I listen to Christina Perry interview that goes with the extended cd is another reasons i bought this cd its nice to know what jars of hearts is about.
B002TLSSXO|5.0|These utensils are my new favorites.  The colors are bright and the handles are nice and sturdy.  The elevated design is the best part, although you could still get some drips if you don't shake/tap off excess before setting them down.  I wouldn't hesitate to buy these again.
0307200477|2.0|I bought this book for my 9 month-old son, but my 3 year-old son commandeered it for himself. Both boys love the simple, interactive book. However, I purchased the deluxe edition board book in the hope that it didn't have comb binding as other versions did. Unfortunately, it did come with the comb binding. The cover fell off completely and immediately. We reattached it a couple of times, but quickly got tired of it and now just read the pages loose without a cover. I know that the publishers are trying to evoke the vintage feel of the original version, but the comb binding really is awful and has been abandoned in today's children's books for a reason. Random House, please just make this into a regular board book without the comb binding! \\"Pat the Bunny\\" is a great classic story, but we can still get the vintage feel through the words, pictures and colors.
B005C7SXMS|1.0|Negatives:  (1.) Breathtaking scenic backdrop only if you've been raised and spent your entire existence in the urban jungle otherwise just a few quick scenes of brushy small hills and a really run-of-the-mill ocean beach (e.g. a few rocks and a few small waves that a chipmunk would find surfable).   (2.) Nothing creative, different or memorable in the recycled countless times before storyline of two socially outcast teens who form an attachment with each other. Also nothing new in the same old issues with parents whether it's lack of understanding, lack of coolness, health issues or whatever.  (3.) Actors did a decent job of portraying their roles with appropriate quirkiness but the scripted roles themselves were just unbelievably unbelievable. Almost as if the writer was autobiographically retelling yet embellishing his own growing up isolated problems.   Positives:   (1.) The DVD was free.   (2.) In three days, no residual memory - simply forgotten.
0143034901|1.0|I had very high expectations for this book, having seen all the very positive reviews, but I was very disappointed.  I kept hoping the book would finally get better, but it never did. :(
B001AQO3QA|3.0|I have a Samsung 1600, It's a little more then a year old, It will only play Alien after a physical confrontation between me and the Player. I looked online Unless you have the latest and greatest Blu Ray Player with the most updated Firmware, you too will have a mini cage fight in your living room  I gave it three stars so people can see there might be an issue. It's not just5 the Samsung player it's most players that have an issue if they are a year or more old, some even brand new ones.  BUT WOW WAS ALIEN AWESOME! Such a great PICTURE!!!! ALIEN gets 5 stars, 2-4 well don't know can't get them to play. I guess I will drop the Cash for a Oppo player or PS3, the only players that get consistent updates
B005E7AOHI|5.0|Wow! In the year 2011, Primus has reverted themselves back to their glory days. This is a great CD! I had decent expectations for the CD, but it exceeded them all! Its great to know that music isn't really dead as it seems. I hope Primus play until they can't even lift their instruments any more! Larry Lalonde is da bomb!
B001EN71DQ|5.0|This is a great product :) has the thin dvd cases and is great if you love the prequels as much as the original trilogy :) plus LOADS of bonus stuff!!!
B000HWZ5W4|5.0|I loved Robert Plant in Zepplin and love this style music even more.  I especially love the slower and more mellow songs. Love Big Log and In the Mood.  Yes, I used love twice and loved once.  If you like RP, this CD is worth buying.
B0042EJD8A|1.0|Sadly, hypocrites like Al Gore and discredited groups like Riverkeeper and other environmental extremists and groups interested in consolidating power and control in DC have combined to produce hysteria like this (apparently independently produced) propaganda hatchet piece.    I'm all for keeping a wary eye on hydrofracing while the EPA conducts the study it has just begun to see how many, if any of the wildly exaggerated claims about tainted groundwater are true, but despite the hysteria on the left, it seems clear that hydrofracing has been used safely and effectively for decades with no convincing evidence emerging thus far that it has caused any significant harm.    As the Syracuse News reported last year, one of the first lawsuits in the nation to try to link the process to tainted groundwater is only now working its way through the courts, and that case claims the well's cement casing was defective and caused the problem, NOT the fracing itself. Potable aquifers are seldom deeper than 400 feet, while Shale formations are generally 5,000 feet or more below the earth, leaving almost a mile of solid rock between the two. Fracing fluid is more than 99.5 percent water and sand.    This NY Times article \\"Oil and Gas Group Urges Oscar Judges to Steer Clear of 'Gasland'\\" notes the strong controversy GasLand's questionable claims ignited and cites a pro-\\"Gasland\\" rebuttal on the movie's website that claims \\"evidence from regulators that the incidents COULD have been caused by drilling.\\" When the producer back peddles like that to defend the movie it raises my eyebrow. Until the EPA report or other solid evidence is gathered, the jury is still out on hydrofracing but leaning towards the view presented in the New American article \\"Natural Gas -- the Coming Shale Gale.\\"    URLs to read sources on line:    EPA Study on fracking  [...]    NY Times article:  [...]    New American articles:  [...]    [...]
0439023521|4.0|I kept hearing about the hype around The Hunger Games and decided to finally check it out. So I got The Hunger Games and finished it within four days of starting. This is definitely a book you won't want to put down once you start reading. Even though the story was kind of predictable at some points, it still kept me entertained at a couple parts I didn't see coming. The writing is light and easy enough to understand without much thought. I would definitely recommend this to anyone that enjoys a young adult fantasy genre book.
B000SVZIOE|5.0|Just watched this with the family, including my 6 and 8 year old, and we all loved it. It is brilliantly executed, with a lot of funny scenes and gags. Best role for Robin Williams in a long time too! I'm sure I could see it again and catch more that I missed. Plenty for the kids, but a lot of humor that only the adults will get.
B0002BO05S|3.0|Personally expected more, but that just me, others may enjoy this dvd more than I did. Short , brief but it brings the main points out.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|I bought these headphones in February of 2011 I have had them break twice already. First time was the right ear speaker dying out. The wire between the amplifier and the head set broke down and just killed it. Second time which is now the right ear speaker has completely broken off. I have packing tape holding it in place. I wish I returned these the first time they broke as it was less then a month in and I could of gotten my money back. I mean hell I have an EIGHT DOLLAR head set that is 2 years old and they still work fine... I paid 70 bucks for these and broken twice already. Do yourself a favor and avoid this head set...
B003L77GH4|5.0|This Second Season of TVD was better than the first. I can hardly wait for the third season to come out. As soon as I ordered this, It was at my door within the week. Definatly thumbs up!!
B003Q6D2B4|5.0|Great movie! Great Service!  Would do business again with this company again.  The movie arrived on the date that I was told.  It actually got here before some of the stuff I ordered on the same day.  I was thoroughly pleased.
0634060384|5.0|This book contains a wide variety of songs from a diverse range of musical periods.  The arrangement is easy to follow and is most helpful to any musician.
B0050AV5MW|4.0|So far I've read the first book. The story is good. I liked the way he tells the story, though the sometimes too detailed 'who's wearing what' descriptions are really gets boring. However the kindle edition has a problem. From the second book the text aligned to the left instead to be justified. It's annoying. I hope it will be fixed. TOC are working fine for me in KDX as well.  Edit: I correct myself chapters are not working from book three and on.
0823003035|1.0|This isn't a guide at all. The author shows completed drawings and then draws lines around them using no particular guidelines. What the author says without actually saying it is that you'll need to learn how to visually just see the proportions of the figure and draw it accurately through practice. Then he shows you his finished drawings. The book is a complete waste of money if you are looking for instructions. There is no teaching here.
0553807919|4.0|The terminology such as \\"mindsight\\", \\"integrating the upstairs brain\\", and the \\"wheel of awareness\\" come across somewhat as hooey.  However, if you look past how the material is presented, you will see there is value in their approach(es).  Throughout the book there are comics which have a first panel \\"instead of doing this...\\" that show the typical response and how it fails, and it really is accurate.  Most parents, including myself, often respond in the ways they depict, and it does indeed usually not get an optimal response from the child.  So look at their suggestions on how to approach those situations in the rest of the comic panels; I believe there is merit to the ways they suggest you explain events and reasoning to your child.  They are right that a child's brain and common concepts are not fully formed and that they need help making sense of things (without which they can get frustrated and angry).
6304806418|2.0|I was so excited to see this movie when I heard that it was going to be released in 1996.  I was in the sixth grade and I loved Madonna, so anything with her in it was going to get my attention.  I had never heard of Eva Peron the person and I had certainly never heard of Evita the musical at the time I found out about the movie, but I quickly learned about Eva Peron through various documentaries about her that came out around the time the movie was released.  A&E did a documentary about her as part of their \\"Biography\\" series and I believe Lifetime did another documentary about her as part of their \\"Intimate Portrait\\" series.  I watched them both, then purchased Fraser and Navarro's biography and quickly became fascinated with the story of the dirt poor, illegitimate girl who rose to fame as an actress, married a rising colonel, became First Lady, went on to become a fanatical champion of the poor and of her husband's regime, dressed really, really well, then died tragically of cancer at 33, after which her husband had her body embalmed so it would last for eternity.  What's not to love?  The story's better than fiction.  Then I saw this movie and I was so disappointed!  I watched it again recently on DVD thinking I might have a different opinion of it and I didn't.  While the songs from the musical were great and I bought the soundtrack, I thought there was so much more to Evita's story than what could be told accurately in musical form (there are some things you just can't communicate in a song, you actually need to speak).  While I realize that the Broadway musical was performed with no dialogue, I just didn't feel that idea carried over very well onto film.  On film the whole thing came across like a really long music video starring Madonna and I found myself getting bored very quickly.  I thought that Madonna, who I love, was too old for the part (especially in the younger Evita scenes before she bleaches her hair blonde).  I thought (and still think) that instead of trying to re-create the musical as a film, they should have made a real movie (with dialogue) about Evita, like movies have been made about other historical figures.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|This is my favorite iPad accessory! It turns my extremely portable iPad 2 into a veritable home theatre. It was easy to hook up: just buy an HDMI cable (I bought a 6' high speed Blue Rigger cable [[ASIN:B00316263Y BlueRigger High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet 6.6 Feet (2m) - Supports 3D and Audio Return [Latest Version]]] which works great), plug it in and presto, you're watching all your iPad goodies or playing games on the big screen. This little dongle increases the usefulness of an already amazing piece of gadgetry.
B000002U6E|5.0|i ordered my cd used. loved the price and it completely had no marks on the cd plays great i would order from them again.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Wow honed up some fine kitchen knives then an old Buck hunting knife that is over 60 years with a hard stainless blade that had never had a good edge on it, from small knives to big cleavers I can shave with any of them now.  Only for those who .... can handle a razor sharp knife.  And..  It feels good in your hand, easy to use, it just fits.  Smith's make lots of fine sharpeners including the Arkansas Stone but this is all I need.
0205313426|5.0|A wonderful book on writing. I highly recommend it. Every sentence within this book contains something useful. Chapters include:<br />1. Elementary Rules of Usage<br />2. Elementary Principles of Composition<br />3. A Few Matters of Form<br />4. Words and Expressions Commonly Misused (lots of examples)<br />5. An Approach to Style<br />There is also a glossary that defines word forms. Experienced writers will likely be familiar with all of these definitions. Personally, I found several of the definitions to be very helpful.
B004VMUS9G|1.0|the software is not much different than the regular standard alarm clock. definitely not worth paid 4. this is about the best alarm clock application. it is however very standard.
B005FUTBWS|2.0|Red State is Kevin Smith's attempt at roasting religious fundamentalism and the ATF alike. As an attempt at the horror/thriller genre, Red State falls flat. As an attempt at thriller/action, Red State falls flat. As an attempt at horror/thriller/action/comedy, Red State falls flat. The horror of the movie is eclipsed by its real world equivalent. The action was scripted by someone who doesn't understand how government law enforcement agencies operate or how firearms are properly used. The comedy is infrequent and lacks the wit of Smith's earlier films. Red State is a frankenstein monster of genres, mashed up into one low budget exploitation film.<br /><br />The Horror: At its heart, Red State is a horror film focusing on a fundamentalist Christian group. The novel starts out with three horny high school kids looking to get laid. The three receive an online invitation for sex that turns out to be a trap set by the religious nut jobs. Standard \\"stupid teenager\\" plot device aside, I felt like the setup had plenty of potential. There are so many real world examples of religious extremism that Kevin Smith should have had no trouble crafting a truly chilling thriller. The Five Points church is obviously a fusion of the Westboro Baptist Church and the Branch Davidians, made famous by the Waco siege. The trouble is, Kevin Smith's Five Pointers aren't all that original or scary. The group consists of a bunch of bigots lead by Pastor Abin Cooper, supreme bigot. These are the people that picket funerals with offensive chants and self-righteous bs. But when Abin Cooper steps up the pulpit during a nightly service and delivers a fire and brimstone sermon I couldn't help but feel bored when I know I should have felt aghast. The sermon (followed by the execution which actually was horrifying) was uninspired. I've heard sermons like that before. In movies and in real life. I've heard End Times sermons far more terrifying, spoken with far more conviction. Abin may have charisma, but lacked the necessary gravitas to pull off a dangerous religious nutjob. Real life is often scarier than the movies we watch, but the Five Pointers are a lazy imitation of the Westboro Baptists and the Branch Davidians.<br /><br />The Action: After an escape attempt by the horny teenagers, the ATF becomes involved and any of the thin layer of creepy that existed vanishes abruptly. At this point the movie becomes a half baked copy of the Waco siege. The Five Pointers and the ATF get into a gun fight (almost immediately after the ATF arrive) and from there the movie becomes a rather lame siege. You can tell by the way the ATF agents act and move that little to no research was invested in giving an accurate performance. Honestly it's a miracle (pun intended) that they didn't all get slaughtered at the beginning when they were clustered around the main gate of the Church compound. The aspect that made the Waco siege so gripping and shocking was the sheer amount of tension built up over the course of fifty days. There is no tension or build up to be found in Red State. The one thing I do have to commend Kevin Smith for is showing both sides of the event. Most people believe that the ATF and FBI were seriously at fault with their execution of the Waco siege and that belief is also apparent here in Red State. The ATF in Red State are almost as villainous as the Five Pointers, killing unarmed civilians by that old evil excuse \\"just following orders.\\" Of course, this is over done and so the impact is minimal. Like I mentioned above in the section titled \\"Horror,\\" this is another case of fact being scarier than fiction.<br /><br />The Comedy: Kevin Smith is perhaps best known for his cult classic Clerks movies, as well as his portrayal of Silent Bob. Kevin Smith movies tend to have a real world sense of humor that packs an enormous punch because of its witty cynicism. That same humor is absent in Red State. As a horror movie you wouldn't expect a great deal of comedy and thatwould be a fair assumption. That said you can see where Smith tries to inject humor into the mixture but these moments fail to carry any amount of levity to the atmosphere. There is one bit at the end where the Special Agent in Charge explains the nature of the \\"heavenly trumpets\\" that I laughed pretty heartily at but that seemed to be the height of comedy in Red State.<br /><br />Red State is a genre mashup, and an effort by Kevin Smith to produce a unique horror film. As such Red State is a fail. For anyone interested in a clash between religious nutjob fundamentalists and government agencies acting with negligent abandon I suggest watching the documentary WACO: The Rules of Engagement. For anyone interested in a religious slasher I suggest Frailty with Bill Paxton and Matthew McConaughey. If you want a poorly written film with little research and no tension go ahead and watch Red State.That said you can see where Smith tries to inject humor into the mixture but these moments fail to carry any amount of levity to the atmosphere. There is one bit at the end where the Special Agent in Charge explains the nature of the \\"heavenly trumpets\\" that I laughed pretty heartily at but that seemed to be the height of comedy in Red State.   Red State is a genre mashup, and an effort by Kevin Smith to produce a unique horror film. As such Red State is a fail. For anyone interested in a clash between religious nutjob fundamentalists and government agencies acting with negligent abandon I suggest watching the documentary WACO: The Rules of Engagement. For anyone interested in a religious slasher I suggest Frailty with Bill Paxton and Matthew McConaughey. If you want a poorly written film with little research and no tension go ahead and watch Red State.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|This is the kind of work that I loved about Woody Allen:  a bit surreal (or reality bending), with a quirky humor and yet some psychological depth. All in all, a very good story.  It reminded me in particular of his earlier Alice, with her invisibility and yet keen realizations about the state of her life, even her soul.<br /><br />The narrative starts with a young writer who is in Paris with his fiancee and her family.  He is a hollywood screenwriter, but longs to be a novelist and sees Paris as a wonderfully fertile place to realize his dreams, to nourish a self that he hopes is somewhere within him.  It is perhaps his last chance before embarking on a life that would trap him.  His companions stand is such stark contrast that you wonder what he could possibly see in them:  the fiancee lacks imagination and feels no desire to take the chance of embracing a new culture, her mother is a crass materialist who views Paris as a shopping mall, and the father is a Tea Party fat cat full of paranoia and a fatally narrow mind.  The only thing I would imagine he sees in the her is perfect sex.  The American friends they meet are hardly better, including a pedantic and shallow professor whom his fiancee ridiculously idolizes, reducing the guy to snide sarcasms.<br /><br />So the stage is set for a life drama.  What then happens - the guy repeatedly travels back in time to meet his idols in the Paris of the 1920s, even accepting Hemingway's advice and passing a manuscript to Gertrude Stein for her opinion - evokes the magic of Paris better than any film I have seen in several decades.  It is like he is in a dream, but at the same time he meets the stunningly beautiful and slightly decadent Marion Cotillard as a mistress of Picasso, and his feelings for her get him to question everything he is about to do even more.  It works emotionally and was completely believable while I saw it.<br /><br />In fact, the film also touched a chord in me:  I did go to Paris after college and tried to live a life similar to the one he imagines, complete with an obsession about the same writers and artists who appear in the past.  It was a time of magic, experimentation and dreams and it completely changed my life.  Allen plays with these themes to perfection in the film, even in the reactions of his awful companions, who simply can't see what he does, even in his enjoyment of the city in the rain.<br /><br />Warmly recommended.  This is the first film of Allen's that I unequivocally enjoyed since my circle of friends rejected him after the Mia Farrow debacle.  It is a genuine masterpiece.the one he imagines, complete with an obsession about the same writers and artists who appear in the past.  It was a time of magic, experimentation and dreams and it completely changed my life.  Allen plays with these themes to perfection in the film, even in the reactions of his awful companions, who simply can't see what he does, even in his enjoyment of the city in the rain.  Warmly recommended.  This is the first film of Allen's that I unequivocally enjoyed since my circle of friends rejected him after the Mia Farrow debacle.  It is a genuine masterpiece.
B005KCGIUY|5.0|Okay, here's another ho-hum 5-star review. There's nothing more I can say that hasn't already been said. I absolutely LOVE the first Puscifer album, and this sounds absolutely NOTHING like it. Even so, it is absolutely brilliant. It's APC meets Puscifer on a slow trip through the darkest region of your mind. I'm not going to waste my time reviewing each track. I'm merely posting a 5-star review to offset the neanderthals who gave this 2 stars. I'm sure they think they're artsy-fartsy free-spirits who love Jessica Simpson and Justin Timberlake. I'm sure they go to bed at night content that they've got it all figured out.<br /><br />Whatever.<br /><br />This album is a triumph. Pure and simple.<br /><br />Pure.<br /><br />Simple.
B004XQO90O|4.0|Source Code is a fast paced movie. SC is always entertaining and you're engaged throughout the movie. Michelle Monaghan was very beautiful and so was Vera Farmiga. If you like Robocop, Groundhog Day, & Back to the Future - then you will love Source Code!!! Source Code is awesome and the ending was cool. Jake Gyllenhaal did a great job playing his role. Source Code is a tense, enthralling, and thrilling ride!! You the viewer are trying to figure out who the mad bomber is (Hint: It's not the stereotypical terrorist - he's something like Timothy McVeigh). Everytime that Colter Stevens is transported back on the train you are hoping that he can find the bomb, the terrorist, and Save the people. When they showed what Colter Stevens actually looks like hooked up to the Source Code, I immediately thought of Robocop. The same thing that happened to Murphy (death) happened to Stevens. Then the train sequence repeats, but it's *Different* each time that Stevens goes on his mission. Back to the Future because Source Code is far greater and more powerful than Dr. Rutledge & Colleen Goodwin ever imagined!! Source Code has an Excellent ending as well. Source Code is a MUST SEE film IMO. 4 out of 5 or 8/10.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|This is, by far, one of the best movies ever!  The idea of the conflict between nature and grace (nurture) is so vividly portrayed in this movie.  The concept of the strong taking over the weak is the theme of the movie is evident since the start of our universe- since life began on our planet.  And it is apparent in the lives of three young boys as they are raised by two loving parents who have vastly different parenting styles.  The message is that, as humans, God has given us the choice to be above nature and live our lives in His grace.  Both parents are complex- especially Brad Pitt's character.  I could not help but see aspects of my own father portrayed.  He is a loving father who is doing the best he can, but as with all humans, he makes mistakes along the way.  You can't help but hate him at times, but at others, you still know he loves his wife and three sons.  The love shown by the three brothers was heart breaking and real!  Jack's conflict (as a young boy and as a grown man) is also well done.  The ending of the movie- with the end of life on earth as we know it is scientifically sound- as that is what we think is going to happen as our sun runs out of fuel.  It makes us think about the frailty of our existence and how we are all on a mission in our lives, that life is, indeed, short.  The Eternity chapter is also moving.  I can only hope that eternity will be spent with see and loving all those who were with us on our earthly plane.  This movie is spiritual, philosophical, and truly life changing.  I've shared the movie with many of my friends and colleagues.  This is a movie that many will want to see over and over.  It is timeless.  It is life changing.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|For those people who are having problems with this software on their tablet, you really should be using the HD version.  Also, you might need to uninstall LogMeIn or other remote control apps in order for Splashtop to work correctly (from your pc).   This is a great app.  I love the fact I can watch Hulu or Netflix through my phone using it.
B005CW5E3E|5.0|Johnny Winter IS THE ALL TIME BEST ROCK BLUES GUITAR PLAYER/SINGER BAR NONE. Jimi Hendrix is his only rival and if Jimi had survived he could have possibly had the catalog of recordings that Johnny has produced.  The first time I heard Johnny was in 1972 almost 40 years ago and I am telling you...  Johnny has done it again!!!  \\"YOU KNOW IT'S TRUE\\"  ...Okay, I actually got the CD today, 10/25 (didn't seem right to download it).  You need to buy this!  Johnny's voice sounds really good!!!  He is actually quite the blues crooner these days.  If you like the stuff Johnny did with Muddy you are going to love this CD!  It's kinda funny, Johnny is what, 67 years old now?  His guitar licks have slowed down a bit... now others can keep up :)  So glad to see Johnny is coming back to Texas.  I will be there!!!  Do not miss Johnny if he comes anywhere close to where you are at, he is good as ever!!!
0316056863|4.0|Tina Fey's 'Bossypants' is a good read.  While not interested in some of the detail, she comes across as likeable, relatable and a great role model.  A very funny woman. Like she says, they do exist.
B005974CDU|5.0|Without going too far into it as many have already done here, in my opinion it is certainly one of their best.  The songs are strong, with richly and tastefully layered keys, beautifully rich guitar work, strong drums, great vocals and pounding, deep rich bass.  Who is playing those bass pedals though....Jordan?  I love all of the upbeat songs/mini epics and the 3 ballads are very nice but especially 'This is the Life'. My current favorite ballad by them.
0446585025|2.0|If you regularly watch the show, I recommend not buying this book. It's a waste of money.  When reading you get the impression this was written quickly to reach a deadline.  The book is simply old monologues hashed together, with meaningless filler in between.   However, if you do not watch often, then you may enjoy the book. The material is actually funnier than her previous two.    Hopefully in the future, we get a memoir from Ellen DeGeneres. She's had quite a life.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|Great purchase. Really enjoyed it.  Very entertaining movie.  THOR had all the right elements for a great Marvel comic movie.  I could watch it over and over again.
0385534639|5.0|The imagery of this novel was amazing to me! I loved the author's style and will be eager to read more of her work.  Just as the Twilight series left me wanting to fall in love with a vampire, The Night Circus has given me reason to watch every field for a beautiful black and white circus. I know I would be there every night and morn when I return to find it has moved on.
B0050CJNJ2|5.0|I had Lady Antebellum's CD (the previous one) which I love and so I took a chance on this one without knowing any of the songs. It is definitely just as good or better.
B004XGN8W4|5.0|My G155 arrived yesterday. While UPS delivered to the wrong house and left it sitting outside, when I opened up the package and plugged everything in, it worked like a dream.  I did not experience any of the issues that I've read in previous posts.  There were no dead pixels, the included HDMI cable worked beautifully, and no set-up issues of any kind.  Guess I just got lucky.  I have the original X-Box 360 and it fits nicely.  Everyone is right in that it doesn't fit any games or headset but does hold nicely the huge power adapter and all little goodies needed to get it to work.  Even the controller will fit among everything else.  Gaming on this is a dream.  The picture is 720p but I can't seriously tell the difference between the 1080p and this.  I'm not a cheap person and am always willing to pay a little extra for quality and convenience so the price didn't bother me and I thought it was reasonable for what I got.  This case is great and sturdy.  Nothing moves around inside.  It is kind of heavy for me but I need to work on my upper body strength I guess, lol.  I don't really game on the go, but the reason I bought this was so I can play in various places in my house and when done it can stay in it's neat little package and out of the way protected.  Thank you!
B003V6L94Q|5.0|I would give this CD 10 stars if I could. It is incredible. When I heard that Zac Brown actually feeds his concert goers too, that endeared me to them even more. Wow!
0446547654|1.0|Strickly a romance and very predictable.  So enjoyed his other books much better.  His last one was wonderful and was very disappointed in this one as I was really looking so forward to it!!
B0052GACNM|3.0|I don't feel it is as good as his first one. I still like his voice, but some of the people he does duets with actually ruin the song for me.
B0009P66TK|5.0|I love this watch some people say that it is too big but I do not understand that I am the original guy that gets sand kicked in his face on the beach and it looks fine on my wrist. Needless to say it keeps perfectly good time and it is great to have the stopwatch that is easy to use when it is on my right wrist. Before I would put my other watch on my left wrist which is  hard to do with your opposite hand. Some people said that the chrome workload cheap. Hello it is $100 watch is not attending to be anything else though it looks more than it cost
B000AYEL1A|5.0|This is a classic movie and I wanted a copy to show my movie buff 21 year old daughter.  She loved it too!
B005OV0PS2|1.0|As usual, Universal just couldn't help it but to destroy the image quality by applying Digital Video Noise Reduction aka DNR aka DVNR. The good news is that The Big Lebowski is available on DNR-free Blu-ray edition in Italy (distributed by Cecchi Gori) and if you own a region B capable player you can order it on amazon.it. Stay away from the Universal Blu-ray.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Just had my first experience with WB/Flixster/Ultraviolet digital copy experience with Green Lantern. Had per-ordered this version of Deathly Hollows part 2, and cancelled when introduced to this WB consumer scam. If you want to add this to your iTunes library, forget this version. I cancelled and ordered the Blue Ray movie only version.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Easy to use, nice graphics, makes you think about every move in advance. A must have game. The sound track is very nice.
2070612759|5.0|Let me start by saying that this is one of my favorite books. I read it before at least twice, once when a young girl --or an adolescent, another time in my twenties, and possibly a decade later. Lately, I was asked to place chapter 26 in its context. The occasion was a sad but moving one. That chapter had been read during a funeral, and now we were a group of women celebrating the interrupted life of a sixteen year old young man.<br /><br />Because I was given that task --a lovely one at that-- I went on to find my old edition of Le Petit Prince and read it once more. It was a masterpiece before; it is a masterpiece now. After all these years, it has remained wrinkle free. Vivid. Vibrant. Witty. Filled with wisdom.<br /><br />What struck me this time was the structure --the box motif. First, when the narrator humorously declares that he had to give up a career as a brilliant artist because the adults couldn't tell that he had drawn a boa swallowing an elephant. Instead, they saw a hat. Incidentally, a hat boxes a head. They refused to see beneath the surface, or were too lazy to try. So here we have a creator who renounces creating, simply because his audience lacks imagination. Although, in exchange, he becomes an aviator, thus getting closer to the stars. Amusing in appearance. Tragic in content. The boa is the box. The elephant is the content.<br /><br />If you take these two animals for what they stand for, you can say that intelligence (for which the elephant is known) is being constricted. Absurdly suffocated.<br /><br />Isn't that the essence of the whole story?<br /><br />It's all in these first pages. All the satire and the spirituality. The rest is poetic elaboration. But what poetic elaboration!<br /><br />Let's meet le petit prince who asks the narrator, whose plane breaks down in the desert, to draw him a sheep. Although the plane accident is based on a real Saint Exup&eacute;ry's experience, the desert itself is a marvelous metaphysical metaphor for the white page / canvas / creativity / possibility.) When the narrator humors him, none of the sheep drawn by the aviator pleases the little prince. One looks sick, one looks old. Eager to repair his plane and starting to lack patience, the aviator sketches a crate and tells the little prince that his sheep is inside. That's exactly what I was looking for, says the young boy. The imagination of the child completes the work of the artist. In the world of childhood, creator and creation are one. There is a sense of unity that adulthood eventually breaks apart. Classifies. Categorizes. Boxes in.<br /><br />For Saint Exup&eacute;ry's motif of box has a double entendre. The first entendre is liberating. Open the box with your imagination, and you will see infinite possibilities. The little prince knows that. The other entendre is more familiar to us. A box implies something limited, locked, conventional. To oppose this notion comes the expression, \\"Thinking outside the box.\\" So when our petit prince visits the Conceited Man, or the King, or the Businessman, or the Drunkard, each lives in his own sphere, basically unaware of his surroundings and victim of the isolation he has himself created. In other words, instead of giving and expanding his spirit toward the universe, each one of these men builds a box around himself. No wonder le petit prince thinks these are strange creatures and tries to get away from them as fast as he can. Only the lamplighter starts to get it when he seeks the contemplation of sunrises happening every minute on his planet. But only after listening to his oneiric visitor.<br /><br />The desert, of course, is the opposite of a box. And if basically devoid of humans, it is not devoid of animals. The most important lesson le petit prince learns there comes from a fox in what is perhaps the most moving chapter of the book. The fox, who holds the wisdom of the heart, sends him back to his planet and to his rose.<br /><br />But we're not over with the box theme just yet. There is the little prince's body now, abandoned by the prince's soul with the help of a snake bite, so that he can reach his planet more quickly. There is the box drawn by the narrator that contains the sheep that the prince takes with him to live on his planet with his rose. There are the intrinsic motives of life and death, that Saint Exup&eacute;ry un-boxes. Not with answers, but with more questions. For ultimately, if Le Petit Prince mocks, satirizes, poeticizes, it is not a work that gives affirmations, but a work that wonders. It is a work that explores. The work of a writer / aviator.<br /><br />A work where innocence and wisdom go hand in hand.<br /><br />A work that opens our head --which should never --ever-- be a box.<br /><br />P.S. I read Le Petit Prince in its original language (which is also my native tongue). But I have been told, and also read that the English translation to rely upon is the one by Katherine Woods. A reviewer here called Allie Jones makes a very good case of this. So I would urge any new reader of The Little Prince who is not familiar with the French language to follow Allie Jones' advice and obtain a copy of Katherine Woods' version of Saint Exup&eacute;ry's masterpiece. It is unfortunate that Ms Woods' work is out of print, but used copies of her (more accurate) vision of The Little Prince are available.of a snake bite, so that he can reach his planet more quickly. There is the box drawn by the narrator that contains the sheep that the prince takes with him to live on his planet with his rose. There are the intrinsic motives of life and death, that Saint Exupéry un-boxes. Not with answers, but with more questions. For ultimately, if Le Petit Prince mocks, satirizes, poeticizes, it is not a work that gives affirmations, but a work that wonders. It is a work that explores. The work of a writer / aviator.  A work where innocence and wisdom go hand in hand.  A work that opens our head --which should never --ever-- be a box.  P.S. I read Le Petit Prince in its original language (which is also my native tongue). But I have been told, and also read that the English translation to rely upon is the one by Katherine Woods. A reviewer here called Allie Jones makes a very good case of this. So I would urge any new reader of The Little Prince who is not familiar with the French language to follow Allie Jones' advice and obtain a copy of Katherine Woods' version of Saint Exupéry's masterpiece. It is unfortunate that Ms Woods' work is out of print, but used copies of her (more accurate) vision of The Little Prince are available.
B005KMX866|4.0|I've been a Chris Issak fan for many years, and this is a great CD for the most part even though I do prefer original content to cover titles - he does a great job with Johnny Cash, Roy Orbison and others, and I love the ones I wasn't familiar with.  I have to say that some of the Elvis covers struck me too much as \\"impersonations\\" in that they were just too true to the original and the similarity was overwhelming.  Not to say that one can necessarily improve upon Elvis, but if you sound identical, why bother?
1461190460|5.0|Let me start by saying that this is one of my favorite books.  I read it before at least twice, once when a young girl --or an adolescent, another time in my twenties, and possibly a decade later.  Lately, I was asked to place chapter 26 in its context.  The occasion was a sad but moving one.  That chapter had been read during a funeral, and now we were a group of women celebrating the interrupted life of a sixteen year old young man.<br /><br /> Because I was given that task --a lovely one at that-- I went on to find my old edition of Le Petit Prince and read it once more.  It was a masterpiece before; it is a masterpiece now.  After all these years, it has remained wrinkle free.  Vivid.  Vibrant.  Witty.  Filled with wisdom.<br /><br /> What struck me this time was the structure  --the box motif.  First, when the narrator  humorously declares that he had to give up a career as a brilliant artist because the adults couldn't tell that he had drawn a boa swallowing an elephant.  Instead, they saw a hat.  Incidentally, a hat boxes a head.  They refused to see beneath the surface, or were too lazy to try.  So here we have a creator who renounces creating, simply because his audience lacks imagination.  Although, in exchange, he becomes an aviator, thus getting closer to the stars.  Amusing in appearance.  Tragic in content.  The boa is the box.  The elephant is the content.<br /><br /> If you take these two animals for what they stand for, you can say that intelligence (for which the elephant is known) is being constricted.  Absurdly suffocated.<br /><br /> Isn't that the essence of the whole story?<br /><br /> It's all in these first pages.  All the satire and the spirituality.  The rest is poetic elaboration.  But what poetic elaboration!<br /><br /> Let's meet le petit prince who asks the narrator, whose plane breaks down in the desert, to draw him a sheep.  Although the plane accident is based on a real Saint Exup&eacute;ry's experience, the desert itself is a marvelous metaphysical metaphor for the white page / canvas / creativity / possibility.) When the narrator humors him, none of the sheep drawn by the aviator pleases the little prince.  One looks sick, one looks old.  Eager to repair his plane and starting to lack patience, the aviator sketches a crate and tells the little prince that his sheep is inside.  That's exactly what I was looking for, says the young boy.  The imagination of the child completes the work of the artist.  In the world of childhood, creator and creation are one.  There is a sense of unity that adulthood eventually breaks apart. Classifies.  Categorizes.  Boxes in.<br /><br /> For Saint Exup&eacute;ry's motif of box has a double entendre.  The first entendre is liberating.  Open the box with your imagination, and you will see infinite possibilities.  The little prince knows that.  The other entendre is more familiar to us.  A box implies something limited, locked, conventional.  To oppose this notion comes the expression, \\"Thinking outside the box.\\"  So when our petit prince visits the Conceited Man, or the King, or the Businessman, or the Drunkard, each lives in his own sphere, basically unaware of his surroundings and victim of the isolation he has himself created.  In other words, instead of giving and expanding his spirit toward the universe, each one of these men builds a box around himself.  No wonder le petit prince thinks these are strange creatures and tries to get away from them as fast as he can.  Only the lamplighter starts to get it when he seeks the contemplation of sunrises happening every minute on his planet.  But only after listening to his oneiric visitor.<br /><br /> The desert, of course, is the opposite of a box.  And if basically devoid of humans, it is not devoid of animals.  The most important lesson le petit prince learns there comes from a fox in what is perhaps the most moving chapter of the book.  The fox, who holds the wisdom of the heart, sends him back to his planet and to his rose.<br /><br /> But we're not over with the box theme just yet.  There is the little prince's body now, abandoned by the prince's soul with the help of a snake bite, so that he can reach his planet more quickly.  There is the box drawn by the narrator that contains the sheep that the prince takes with him to live on his planet with his rose.  There are the intrinsic motives of life and death, that Saint Exup&eacute;ry un-boxes.  Not with answers, but with more questions.  For ultimately, if Le Petit Prince mocks, satirizes, poeticizes, it is not a work that gives affirmations, but a work that wonders.  It is a work that explores.  The work of a writer / aviator.<br /><br /> A work where innocence and wisdom go hand in hand.<br /><br /> A work that opens our head  --which should never --ever-- be a box.<br /><br />P.S.  I read Le Petit Prince in its original language (which is also my native tongue).  But I have been told, and also read that the English translation to rely upon is the one by Katherine Woods.  A reviewer here called Allie Jones makes a very good case of this.  So I would urge any new reader of The Little Prince who is not familiar with the French language to follow Allie Jones' advice and obtain a copy of Katherine Woods' version of Saint Exup&eacute;ry's masterpiece.  It is unfortunate  that Ms Woods' work is out of print, but used copies of her (more accurate) vision of The Little Prince are available.e prince's body now, abandoned by the prince's soul with the help of a snake bite, so that he can reach his planet more quickly.  There is the box drawn by the narrator that contains the sheep that the prince takes with him to live on his planet with his rose.  There are the intrinsic motives of life and death, that Saint Exupéry un-boxes.  Not with answers, but with more questions.  For ultimately, if Le Petit Prince mocks, satirizes, poeticizes, it is not a work that gives affirmations, but a work that wonders.  It is a work that explores.  The work of a writer / aviator.   A work where innocence and wisdom go hand in hand.     A work that opens our head  --which should never --ever-- be a box.    P.S.  I read Le Petit Prince in its original language (which is also my native tongue).  But I have been told, and also read that the English translation to rely upon is the one by Katherine Woods.  A reviewer here called Allie Jones makes a very good case of this.  So I would urge any new reader of The Little Prince who is not familiar with the French language to follow Allie Jones' advice and obtain a copy of Katherine Woods' version of Saint Exupéry's masterpiece.  It is unfortunate  that Ms Woods' work is out of print, but used copies of her (more accurate) vision of The Little Prince are available.
0545265355|5.0|Bought this for my husband as a gift and he loved it.  Said they were great books only wished they were a little bit longer - he went through them pretty fast!
1586638491|5.0|This was a great way to understand Shakespear, and helped prepare us sufficiently just in time to see the play and understand it well.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|All I can say is excellent. I know some things were changed, but to me it is does not take away from the original movies.
0061134007|3.0|My first Harry Hole book, a very interesting character.  The story drags a bit, but is interesting overall.  The sequence in the middle, where Harry calls his former partners' voicemail over and over is very poignant.  I'll read another in this series.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I heard this band several different times on Pandora Radio.  The more I heard of them. The more I had to have them.  I purchased the album Sigh No More.  It's not very often I find a CD where every single track is not just good but amazing. A wonderful combination of vocals and instrumentation. I played this CD for my parents. Now they want this CD and they want to buy it for all their friends.
0385523912|5.0|This is a terrific book.  The author does a great job of describing life in North Korea through the lives of real people that have escaped.  Their stories are haunting in ways that are hard to describe - not like anyone else on earth, they just live such different, deprived lives.  If you've ever wondered what goes on in N. Korea, this is the book.
B004CGW31M|5.0|While this is a novel, it is a riveting story.  If you are interested in dementia or Alzheimer's Disease, it is a truthful account of the progression of the illness, both for the person with Alzheimer's and the family.
B003Y5H5K6|3.0|Rather than give a synopsis of the plot, etc., I just want to give a few thoughts on this movie...<br /><br />I'm fresh from the theater.  I just saw one of the weirdest movies I've ever seen - Dream House (2011), starring Daniel Craig, Naomi Watts, Rachel Weisz, and Marton Csokas.  I didn't know much about this movie before going to see it.  I thought this movie would be scarier than it was.  It has a couple of jump-out-of-your-seat scenes, but that's about it.  I found it a little confusing at first, but then I caught on to what was happening.  No spoilers here - again, I won't reveal the plot.  Read other reviews for that.  I'll just say this - if you like movies that have a lot of twists and turns, then you might want to see this one.<br /><br />The acting is good for the most part, as is the musical score by John Debney.  Rachel Weisz reminds me of Winona Ryder in a lot of ways.  Naomi Watts turns in a solid performance.<br /><br />I don't know what to classify this movie as.  I guess it's a thriller.  I sort of recommend it, maybe as a rental.
0375826742|5.0|I had this pre-ordered and got on release date shipping. However, it has just been in my possession since that time. I have been extremely busy :( I did start reading it when I first got it... read like the first 200 pages. However, then everything got packed on me, so I could never find time to finish it until just yesterday... I have been working on it for the past week :( normally I'd have it read by now... Anyways, this is one of the best books in the series. I couldn't put it down after I started and had to make myself quit reading in order to get some sleep for work. The only thing I didn't like is how it ended up being in 2 separate books to finish... Brisingr was suppose to be the very last book, but since he didn't want to make it too long, so that he could keep readers and they wouldn't be disheartened by the length, he decided to make 2 books. He talks about it in the very beginning of the book. That is why their is some missing information in this book anyways... I know some people skip the first pages and go straight to the 1st chapter hint*I used to do that... but I saw it was somewhat lengthy like a prologue, so I read it... Anyways, this is my favorite book in the series... I didn't like or couldn't stick with Eldest, and Eragon was ok, but this one was the best :)
B005J4TLQG|5.0|Erich Asperschlager, DVD Verdict --Attack the Block didn't have a Hollywood budget, but it doesn't feel like a low-budget movie either. Once the story kicks into high gear, the bulk of the film is a series of action set pieces, chase scenes, and gruesome alien attacks. In a world where CGI encourages lesser filmmakers to show every detail of their creature creations, Attack the Block deserves credit for its minimalist alien design. The film's signature jet-black beasties were shot practically, starting with performers in costume then adding a layer of computer effects to animate the glowing teeth-filled mouths and remove light and shadows from the fur. The process makes the aliens look like rotoscoped silhouettes, but with real-world weight.<br /><br />Those stylized effects get the royal treatment on this 2.40:1/1080p AVC-encoded Blu-ray. Although Attack the Block is full of heavy shadows that swallow detail--a byproduct of the decision to push contrast, giving the film a comic book feel--everything that emerges from those shadows is sharp and vibrant. The transfer might not wow you, but it's a faithful reproduction of the film's organic mix of realism and fantasy. Likewise, the 5.1 DTS-HD Master Audio track won't rattle your walls but it's a well-balanced mix, with room for the original electronica score, surround effects, and dialogue that's as clear as these thick London accents are going to get.<br /><br />Fans looking to go deeper into the block have plenty of HD bonus features to attack:<br /><br />* Audio commentaries. Three feature-length tracks, divided into \\"Junior,\\" \\"Senior,\\" and \\"Executive Producer\\" commentaries. The junior track features Joe Cornish and young stars Boyega, Esmail, Drameh, Howard, and Jones. Cornish begins by asking them what they like and don't like about commentaries, followed by a laid-back hour and a half of the director quizzing the boys about a variety of topics, including their parents' reactions to the film, the film process, and the realities of growing up in South London. The senior track features Cornish with adult actors Whitakker, Treadaway, Frost (plus a couple of special guests). It's a more traditional commentary, with behind-the-scenes information and plenty of goofing around. The final commentary is a one-on-one between the director and executive producer Edgar Wright. Rather than rehash the specifics of the movie, pals Cornish and Wright chat about their early careers, the difficulties of making a first feature, and the \\"high-concept, low-budget films\\" that influenced Attack the Block.<br /><br />* \\"Making the Block\\" (1:01:23). This thorough making-of documentary follows the production from casting to fliming. Following a loose chronology, the featurette is composed of cast and crew interviews and on-set shenanigans from throughout the shoot.<br /><br />* \\"Creature Feature\\" (20:29). The film's distinctive alien effects go back to the performers who braved high temperatures and cramped conditions to bring the creatures to life. This featurette focuses on these actors--especially \\"lead creature performer\\" Terry Notary--as well as creature design and the special effects process.<br /><br />* \\"Meet the Gang\\" (4:08). A character-by-character introduction to Pest, Jerome, Dennis, Biggz, and Moses.<br /><br />* \\"Unfilmed Action\\" (4:59). Two scenes that were cut before shooting, presented in storyboard form with introduction and commentary from Cornish and Alex Esmail, an elaborate action sequence with Moses climbing up the outside of the block while being pursued by creatures, and an early argument between Pest and an Indian shop owner.<br /><br />* \\"That's a Rap\\" (2:23): A montage of cast members showing off their considerable freestyle skills.<br /><br />* The UK and US Red-Band trailers.<br /><br />-Full review at dvdverdict.comin South London. The senior track features Cornish with adult actors Whitakker, Treadaway, Frost (plus a couple of special guests). It's a more traditional commentary, with behind-the-scenes information and plenty of goofing around. The final commentary is a one-on-one between the director and executive producer Edgar Wright. Rather than rehash the specifics of the movie, pals Cornish and Wright chat about their early careers, the difficulties of making a first feature, and the \\"high-concept, low-budget films\\" that influenced Attack the Block.  * \\"Making the Block\\" (1:01:23). This thorough making-of documentary follows the production from casting to fliming. Following a loose chronology, the featurette is composed of cast and crew interviews and on-set shenanigans from throughout the shoot.  * \\"Creature Feature\\" (20:29). The film's distinctive alien effects go back to the performers who braved high temperatures and cramped conditions to bring the creatures to life. This featurette focuses on these actors--especially \\"lead creature performer\\" Terry Notary--as well as creature design and the special effects process.  * \\"Meet the Gang\\" (4:08). A character-by-character introduction to Pest, Jerome, Dennis, Biggz, and Moses.  * \\"Unfilmed Action\\" (4:59). Two scenes that were cut before shooting, presented in storyboard form with introduction and commentary from Cornish and Alex Esmail, an elaborate action sequence with Moses climbing up the outside of the block while being pursued by creatures, and an early argument between Pest and an Indian shop owner.  * \\"That's a Rap\\" (2:23): A montage of cast members showing off their considerable freestyle skills.  * The UK and US Red-Band trailers.  -Full review at dvdverdict.com
B0041KKYGU|1.0|First off, a teacher smoking pot is not funny. It just.... isn't. I know it was meant to get one of the film's biggest laughs. But it's just.... not funny.<br /><br />And secondly, I love raunchy comedies as much as the next guy. But this movie is far from that. It's just mean spirited. Cameron Diaz plays plays a very unlikeable lead. In short, she is a home wrecker, a liar, and a blackmailer.<br /><br />Her pessimism towards a little boy is particularly unsettling. She shatters the hopes and dreams of one of her 6th grade students by telling him that he will never be able to get a girl to like him, because he isn't good enough. That is easily the low point of the film. And she also ruins the life and career of a very likeable teacher, by framing her for something she didn't do. Which again is not funny, it's just plain horrible.<br /><br />The overall \\"moral\\" of the movie is that it does not matter if you have big boobs or not. You can get everything you want by being a nasty, manipulating, gold-digging whore.<br /><br />There is no way possible way to spoil anything, as the movie spoils itself within the first ten minutes. It is saturated with negativity, and tasteless humor.<br /><br />Bad Teacher is a movie with no redeeming values whatsoever, sends a horrible message, and delivers very few laughs. It is not enjoyable, or fun to watch at all. It's more of a chore and/or punishment.<br /><br />So if you're looking for a movie where the underdog triumphs, and the bad teacher learns from her mistakes, then look elsewhere. This is not a movie I want to see again.
B004T5K3OK|2.0|I can't review this app because it never open. I didn't get  The free version first like they recomend maybe that's the problem.
B0058WFO06|2.0|I just sampled this album on I-tunes so I could hear 90-second sound samples instead of Amazon's stingy 30-second samples. Music sounds brilliant -- a real return to form for this progressive rock genius after recent sub-par efforts (by Wilson's own sky-high standards). This is easily a five-star album.   So why the two-star rating? Because even with two discs, the CD leaves off three tracks being offerred on Itunes for the MP3 download version -- and they sound like good tracks. What a total ripoff for CD buyers, who actually want the tangible product with album art, techncial notes, lyrics, etc.! Maybe the track listing on Amazon is in error, but it shows 11 tracks over two discs vs. 14 tracks on the MP3 version. The missing tracks are:  1. Fluid Tap  2. Home In Negative  3. Belle de Jour
B004J4WKTW|4.0|This was a good book, but with the all the hype and anticipation I was expecting a little more. Not as riveting or page turning as I would of liked. BUT that being said, the story and creativity is really refreshing, and you want to read more and more. There is SO much that can be said about the characters, as some are barely fleshed out. It is like a satisfying meal with no dessert.
B004XJHBCE|2.0|pretty much a useless app. lets you organize your apps inside this app so you have to open this app to see how they are organized...
B000002TQV|5.0|THE BENDS is BY FAR one of the greatest moments from RADIOHEAD....PABLO HONEY got some good songs, but is on THE BENDS that RADIOHEAD become this great Psichodelic weird rock band....All the songs here are so inspired...Thom Yorke[s lyrics are brilliant...IRON LUNG, JUST, BLACK STAR, BONES, PLANET TELEX....Man, maybe THE BENDS is even better than OK COMPUTER, RADIOHEAD[s masterpiece....REALLY GREAT!!!!
B005COO1X6|2.0|I am not sure I buy the whole premise and I have never seen a book with so much product placement. The book was OK and Stephen King is still able to generate vivid visuals but the story was very kids camp fire.
B0000027RL|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST ALBUNS OF ALL TIME!!!!!I can´t really remenber many albuns like TEN...ALICE IN CHAINS´s FACELIFT comes close...NIRVANA got NEVERMIND...but this one...All the songs are so inspired, and all the band shines with a magic heavy rock...ALIVE, EVEN FLOW, WHY GO, GARDEN, OCEANS, ONCE....TEN could be a greatest hits compilation...I really love VS too, but TEN may be the best ROCK album from the 90´s, and it´s in my TOP 10 greatest albuns of all time, without any doubt....TEN TEN TEN
B005PV81MS|5.0|This movie was a different spin on a classic plot. It is about a south london street gang who has to defend their tower block from an alien attack. Usualy alien attack movie take a while to get to the good stuff, but this one they kill an alien in the first 6 minuits. I saw cowboys and aliens 5 days befor I saw this and by this review so far you can tell which one I like better. Director Joe Cornish puts a differnt spin for the better it was fun from start to finish. If you like movies like Shaun of the dead, and Hot fuzz you'll love this movie
B000RZGFZC|5.0|Slayer is a legend in the heavy metal world. Maybe only Metallica can beat Slayer, and sometimes i think Slayer´s sound is even better. SEASONS IN THE ABYSS in my opinion is the pinaccle of Slayer. It´s a absolutely masterpiece. Maybe ALL the songs are gems! There´s no filler. If you like thrash and heavy metal, i don´t understand why you don´t have this classic already.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|great 4 me cuz it will actually get me up because I don't wanna keep snoozing to do math
B005IY3CMQ|4.0|Any reviewer comparing TKOL RMX 1234567 to past Radiohead albums is not only missing the point but doing this particular work a great disservice.  This is electronic music, not rock music.  It's as far from \\"OK Computer\\" and \\"The Bends\\" as any music could be.  While hardly the most novel collection of remixes ever assembled, TKOL RMX is very enjoyable.  I find it's perfectly suited to background music while working.  A few of the remixes stand apart from the rest (Blawan's version of \\"Bloom\\" comes to mind), but when taken as one (very large) wash of sound, it's a rewarding sonic swimming pool to wade through.
B004ZNACA6|1.0|The music  is 5 stars,but the set is awful.Why only the Japanese can  release great packaging? The book is plain garbage.I want the history of the band,not some stupid left over pictures .The gate fold sleeves are a very cheap looking things.Why could not they make it like the Japanese mini lps?After the horrible Queen remaster-es, they butchered the Pink Floyd too.Even the sound is not better then the previous remastered version.So do not waste  your money on this cheap reissue.
B0010VD7EE|1.0|Figure 8 by Elliott Smith is one of my favorite albums of all time. I was excited to receive it on vinyl since I had only heard it on CD. To my disappointment it sounds muffled and full of static. At first I thought it might be my turntable setup, but I tried another record and that one sounded great so it's got to be this bad Figure 8 pressing. This lp is going back as soon as I can get to the post office.  This is an excellent album but get it on CD or mp3 because the vinyl version is awful.
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|Hawaii Five-O is back and I love this DVD set. I watched all of the episodes on TV and now I can watch them whenever I want. The product is great!
B005U9RQNU|5.0|One of the better shows I've seen in a long time.  Totally worth the time and money of making your way through the series.
1594744769|5.0|I received this book for my birthday and I loved it! I thought that maybe this book was more of a YA title but the back cover peaked my interest so much that I told my husband that I wanted it for my birthday book.  I figured if nothing else, I could let my kids read it when they get old enough.  But I ended up finding out that it was a great book for adults and young people.  Probably not very young people as there are a few scary parts but definitely for high school age readers and beyond.  It was a great read and I found myself looking forward to getting off work and getting home so I could read it every evening.  I was then disappointed when I did finish it because I enjoyed reading it so much!   I have recommended it to several people and I'm very careful about what books I recommend to others. This one had very little questionable material that I find in a lot of books these days.  There wasn't any sex or a lot of violence at all and I was pleasantly surprised and happy that I could recommend it to my teenage family members as well as adults. The fascinating photographs only made it more interesting. Now, I'm going to go through piles of photographs at flea markets and see if I can find a few 'gems' like are included in this book! The writing was great and it kept me interested until the end.  I am looking forward to a continuation of this story.
B005KMX866|3.0|First off, i am a huge Chris Isaak fan and own all his works. However, i do wonder if Mr. Isaak just doesn't have the passion for music he once did. Maybe at his age now that's understandable, or possibly he's all out of Heart-Broken tales to tell.<br /><br /> Looking back at his discography shows he's released nine albums in the last sixteen years following his best, Forever Blue, in 1995. Of those nine albums, only three could count as being full albums of original newly written songs, and even then 2009's Mr Lucky had a remake of one of his own tracks. As such, i question whether it's a case of an artist having run out of creative ideas and being seemingly content to put out albums that require somewhat less effort (covers, live albums).<br /><br /> As for Beyond the Sun, it's an okay collection of songs. As another reviewer mentioned, it's certainly a 'safe' album and none of the covers stray much at all from the originals. Doing covers is a tricky business, if you stray too much, people don't like it, and if you stick too closely to the originals, you can't win either. In this albums case, i fear the latter is true, but one can't fault the singing or musicianship on the tracks.<br /><br /> In closing, i really do hope Chris Isaak has that one last great album in him somewhere. For now, Forever Blue stands as his magnum opus that he may never be able to top it seems.
B001IF252M|5.0|El producto colmo mis expectativas, la entrega fue en un tiempo prudencial, la calidad del producto fue la esperada y el producto funciono perfectamente
B000GDEZCU|3.0|I only recently found out that a tape of this entire show was released (I'd seen a making-of tape in stores when it was new) so I tracked down a copy. While it's not in the same league as HR Pufnstuf Live at the Hollywood Bowl, it's still great and a must-have for anyone into this kind of stuff. Decent songs (no songwriting credits are given), and a hokey thing with the bad guy hating music with a message at the end that music conquers all (we've seen this all before), but that's the whole point.  BIG negative however from the shoddy treatment given by Goodtimes- they were one of the first bargain-basement video companies that cut costs by issuing tapes recorded at the slower speeds, even when the material could have easily fit on a tape in SP mode. Considering this was a brand-new show when the tape was released, you'd think they'd spare a few more expenses, but even though you get a shiny tape cover with raised lettering, inside is the same awful-quality tape that Goodtimes has been famous for. It's recorded in the LP mode, and there's no Hi-Fi audio track. Luckily I have a VCR that can play linear stereo (most current VCRs can't) but the audio is still in mono. This deserved so much better- Pioneer Artists should have licensed this for a laserdisc release, I would have bought it! Until someone finds the master recording of this and issues it on DVD, sadly this is how this show will be preserved for the ages.
081095415X|5.0|Nick Brandt's wildlife photographs transcend the genre. I've admired his work for some years and I finally decided to buy one of his books. This book does not disappoint. The book is large enough to really showcase Brandt's work. The reproductions are gorgeous. The binding seem to be high quality. I'd make this purchase again.   These are compelling images, period.
B004I2K4E8|5.0|I have seen the Broadway and the UK, London, version of Les Mis more than a half dozen times over some two decades given my love for the musical. After having viewed this blu-ray DVD on my large HDTV, I'm convinced it will not be so necessary for me to see the stage production again because this concert version of the 25 anniversary of Les Mis is so beautifully done...it is simply magical from the staging, the lighting, the filming, an audience of some 15000, and most particularly the selected lead characters, all in all, this disc will knock you off your feet. Again, as an absolute lover of this musical, I would recommend this disc to the most discriminating fan of Les Mis convinced it may well bring tears to you eyes it is so superior in quality. Buy it today if you're thinking about it for one moment. You won't go wrong.
B001C5ZR1E|5.0|I cant express with words how happy i am with this album's content. Expreience it for yourslef, Listen to it, and enjoy or don't, but that's the beauty of music. No two ears are alike, so the only way to really know is to hear it for yourself.
6305972591|3.0|Ah, early 80s horror films...so cheesy. So corny.  So much fun.  And it is a blast to hear John Franklin scream like a little girl when they hoist him up on the cross in the clearing.<br /><br />I wish there had been a bit more explanation of what the supernatural force is and how these kids came to be overtaken by this nutty young preacher.
B001CKGQM8|5.0|If you love classic Elton...this album has A LOT of songs that are not on the greatest hits!!  Buy it, you'll love it!!!
B005UKJX4E|3.0|There is some great material here, with fine performances from Pitt, Chastain, and the younger actors.  Too bad the director insists on bloated, long shots of the Big Bang, dinosaurs, and who knows what else that almost put me to sleep.  Skip those parts and go directly to the story of a too-strict father, his wife, and their troubled sons.  There is also not much done with Sean Penn, as the adult version of one son.  It's a shame they wasted him.
B005JE7WKI|4.0|Great movie for a Halloween party!  This movie is a refreshing break from the same old story lines.  It reverses the usual plot of horror films.  It's equal parts slasher film, comedy of errors, feel-good buddy movie, and unexpected romance. It never gets too complicated or takes itself too seriously but keeps you entertained.  The gore is not over done.  In the beginning it's done as a comedy of errors and misunderstandings.  Later in the movie it's a complete role reversal from the standard horror film plot.  Overall it's a light, entertaining, and funny movie.  Most of the violence is pratfalls with gory results.  This movie is definitely not for kids and it does have it's gory/scary moments but it's almost a stretch to call it a horror film.  You'll probably laugh and feel good as much as you cringe.
B005JU5JTI|4.0|This is one bad teacher who would rather show movies than teach, wants to earn money for a cosmetic surgery any way she can, even illegally, and who does drugs, drinks, drives badly, and is just plain difficult.  But she is also very funny, as are the other cast members.  She gets away with a lot, though.
1400049628|1.0|What a terrible book.  First of all, Max Brooks is an awful writer and this is clearly the reason his \\"[[ASIN:0307888681 World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War]]\\" book has a ghostwriter listed on the cover; however, even the knowledge he had someone else write it for him won't persuade me to waste my money on more of his garbage.  Second, Brooks obviously lacks rudimentary scientific knowledge which would have allowed him to describe his made up \\"Solanum\\" virus in a way which didn't suggest he never passed a 5th grade science class.  Third, sections are incredibly repetitious particularly with geological considerations (although it may have been Brooks' aim to make reading about the tundra, desert, jungle, etc. over and over as arduous as having to physically trek through them).  Fourth, there is way too much emphasis on truly idiotic factors such as dedicating over six pages to underwater hunting of zombies (with two of the tactics being the same exact thing: fishing by attaching a projectile to a rope and reeling them in!).  Fifth, the book is littered with contradictions, as if Brooks couldn't remember what he had just wrote a few pages earlier (if the jungle is the worst place for a temporary defensive post, why would it be one of the best for a permanent settlement?).  Lastly, rather than make logical suppositions about the possibilities of reanimated monsters Brooks chose to fabricate accounts about a nonexistent \\"Solanum\\" virus and base the \\"survival tactics\\" on the imaginary facets of the virus.  Over 60 pages of this \\"survival guide\\" are actually the \\"true accounts\\" of zombie attack throughout history, including a 30,000 BC caveman zombie outbreak account (complete with cave drawings of zombies!).<br /><br />If you are not a zombie and still have at least half a brain, please don't read this book; rather, go watch The Walking Dead on AMC instead and do what Rick does when the zompocalypse commences...
B00479SVBU|5.0|For this price I have all my musing played from the flash drive. I like it! I wish there was a way to browse by alphabet, but it's convenient enough as is. Recommend!
B004DLPXAO|5.0|After resisting a full year, I got a kindle as a gift. It took 3 days to warm up to it. It took 2 weeks before I was addicted. After 3 months, my husband threatened to divorce me. I got an android phone. This was my first downloaded app. I thought the kindle was wonderful. This app takes kindle to a whole new level. I won't go into the free and low cost books, the instant no fuss no muss whispernet delivery. I will say that I love the responsive page turning, the double tap highlight, the COLOR interface (book cover art is important when picking my next read!) I was surprised that I didn't hate the backlighting which by the way, can be adjusted by the user and can be read outside (although admittedly strong sunlight is still an issue).  Not only can you control brightness, you can control the page color (3 choices- white, sepia and black). As on kindle, you can pick your fonts and size. You can mark passages, look up words, and search.  You can read in either landscape or portrait (I find landscape flows better.  I can pull it out anywhere and I don't get the stares I used to when I pulled out my kindle (picture standing in line at the grocery). I love that it doesn't eat my battery. I read an entire book over a 4 hour period and still had over 60% left on my battery on an android phone. The kindle app doesn't have text to speech (that I have found) but that isn't an issue for me. Awesome app and it is free!! You can't go wrong.
B004NSULHM|5.0|I have to say I am even more of a fan now.  Thome Yorke and the gang are geniuses.  I'm giving 5 stars for 6 of the 8 songs on that record.  I'm not really into 'Bloom' and 'Feral', however I can't stop listening to the rest.  The record is very experimental and not geared towards the feeble minded masses.  If you are a musician yourself, you will appreciate the artistic quality.  It will sound trippy and chaotic at first, but after a few listens it grows on you.  Those kind of records are the best.  'Mr Magpie', 'Little By Little', 'Lotus Flower', and 'Separator' rock.  'Codex' and 'Give up the Ghost' are the slower laid back tunes.  I love 'Codex', it is a spiritual experience.  Other worldly.<br /><br />Update:  I like all the tracks now including 'Bloom' and 'Feral'.  Sounds sick on my car audio system
0142000671|3.0|Classical short American book, The story develops in the California State ranches during hard economic  times  where migrant workers long to attain the American Dream  having not a cent in their pockets, The development of the main characters,  George a wise migrant worker and Lenny a mentally disabled fellow at his care is rather good as well as the depictions of the settings around the town of Soledad in Central California  which surpasses the quality of the plot which was all the way fitted to suit a climax in the tragic ending from whose I could not grasp its underlying message. Friendship, the American Dream, Justice, and racism are all element and values that have shaped the American nation to the current time and are subtly touched in this book as a part of the scene where the action takes place
0811875040|4.0|Give Miette a break.  Yes, there were some problems but my book came with the corrections.  It is not necessarily a book for beginners and I am still having trouble getting the lemon cake right.  But my god!  Those brownies!  The hot milk cake! The vanilla frosting!  The pumpkin cake!  The very best banana cake I have ever had let alone made.  Shall I go on?  Everyone I have baked any of these cakes for has just loved them.
1593157134|4.0|Hardy's advice works. I know, because I have been doing the same things for a long time. For example, I listen to nonfiction audiobooks instead of mindless music produced by some semi-literate drug addict. As I went through each point, I saw my own life philosophy kicked back at me.  But one difference that jumped out at me is I'm not filthy rich. And I can tell you why that is. Hardy actively applied the compounding effect to relationships with successful people. I did this for a while and got astounding results, then stopped doing it. And the results also stopped. So I can testify that his formula works and I can also testify that you get the lack of results he predicts when you just don't apply it to a given area.  An amazing area where this plays out in my life is that, despite a serious immune deficiency, I have not been sick since 1971. That isn't because of luck, it's because of discipline. I made a conscious decision to drop out of the American disease culture and instead practice health care. By consistently doing behaviors that promote health and consistently not doing behaviors that promote disease, I have stayed healthy.  In addition to personal experience, I have seen this habit thing play out time and time again for other people. When they tell me their problems, I ask them what habits they have that either contribute to this kind of problem or that prevent this kind of problem. These are problems ranging from frequently not being able to find the car keys to having a string of failed marriages.  If you haven't read success books and are wanting to turn your life around, this book can help you get started. But I would recommend reading other, meatier books so that you can develop and maintain the momentum Mr. Hardy talks about. The title of the book reflects its contents. It's about the compound effect. And it's about jumpstarting, especially from a dead stop. If you are already mostly doing the right things and doing them right, this book would servemore as a means of reviewing where you are with things.  There is a bit of a disconnect between what Mr. Hardy talks about (his own successes and millions of dollars of wealth) versus the idea of jumpstarting a person's stalled personal growth. I doubt most readers can relate to being anywhere near that wealthy, and I doubt most readers would consider it a practical personal goal. It would have been nice to see more \\"reachable\\" examples.  Just to illustrate what I mean, Bill Phillips is a fitness guru who held a contest for physical self-improvement. It was called Body For Life. There were 10 finalists, and Bill ended up changing the rules to call all of them winners. Now, you might think it would have been really inspiring to see 10 Mr. Universe types named as winners. But that wasn't what happened.   The winners were ordinary people who looked nothing like muscle magazine models after completing the contest. What was inspiring was their grit in applying the compounding effect for 90 days. Because ordinary people could see the results and relate to them, they also wanted to do the Body For Life program even though the contest was over.  I read some of the other reviews on this book, and found the criticisms largely valid. The content doesn't contain original ideas or a new breakthrough. Does that mean the book is junk? Maybe. Warren Buffet says his investing style isn't something he thought of, but he is instead using the ideas of Benjamin Graham. Suppose Buffet wanted something new and original, so he rejected Benjamin Graham's ideas as not being original or breakthrough.  OK, so the book is not ground-breaking. But if you apply its core principle to a stressful life, it will be rut-breaking.  Good information is good information, whether it's original or not. Going back to the Bill Phillips thing, the core idea is one I first came across while watching Jack LaLanne on a black and white television. That same core idea, of developing and maintaining good habits, was around before Jack LaLanne (Ben Franklin is famous for espousing this idea). I like the way Mr. Hardy presents his spin on it from his own experiences. Seeing this idea presented in many different ways helps me keep applying it regularly.  This book consists of six chapters, a conclusion, and a resource guide in 172 pages.
B004SBX112|5.0|Many hours of fun await in this installment of Angry Birds! I look forward to the holidays so I can get an update. Awesome game!
B005WQ41J8|4.0|last season was such a yo-yo affair that i didn't know what to expect this season.  so far i am enjoying it more than i thought i would. i must say that one huge relief is that Cuddy is gone.  I found her so irksome by the end of last season, that I wish she'd just disappear and... WISH GRANTED! unfortunately, this means that Lisa Edelstein, the actress, is now playing an even more annoying character on the GOOD WIFE... I paid for that wish!<br /><br />another plus is that House is back on his medical cases, solving one an episode. this episode involves an extremely rich man who is giving away all his money to everyone and everything. it appears that his disease is EXTREME ALTRUISM! if this disease really exists, it is pretty interesting. this case is hand tailored for House: to cure someone he must turn him from Mr. Wonderful into Mr. Horrible medically.  Right up his alley.<br /><br />Taub and Chase are MIA and two women doctors are standing in for them.  I just read in the NY TIMES that they return in November so this is not the substitution i feared it might be. Thirteen is gone for good though, off to her movie career.<br /><br />I am staying tuned for the season.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I bougt this DVD mainly beacuse of the title \\"Soul Surfer\\"; and I was not disappointed. This is a film based on a true story. The teenager Bethany Hamilton, a keen and tallented surfer lost her left arm in a shark attack and courageously overcame all odds to become a champion again through sheer determination and unwaving faith. Bethany's feisty determination and steadfast beliefs spur her towards an adventurous comeback that gives her the grit to turn her loss into a gift for others. The filming itself is fantastic inside thunderous wave barrels, alongside the moving boards and under water. Great value for the money!
B0002IQNAG|5.0|I love this horror movie and in it's day it was so shocking that it caused real concern, today the same effects are seen on tv! But this movie is a classic , and any pinhead who reviews this as less than that doesn't know horror movies or their history.  Some movies are classics and remain so even thirty years later.  This was made in a different environment to todays movie scene. It was radical for it's day and it changed things. IT was also a hit at the cinemas. Audiences went to it in droves. That's the truth. NOw there are three versions of this one. the first is called 'zombie' the europeon cut of this one, then the long directors cut which is on a double sided dvd and it was one of the first dvd's ever put out! The other is the theaterical cut which is on the blu ray. Which looks great by the way. It has little in the way of extras though.
B004QSQM72|3.0|At first, I thought this cd was just generic indie shoegazing, but the more I listen to it I realize it's the solo debut of Orpheus the Necromancer, singing about the Order of the Triad with a melodramatic verbrato. Don't believe me? Go watch Venture Bros. while listening to this cd.
B005LJITS0|2.0|Bad is what this is wait to see it free because its not even worth the price of the rental.  I warned you
B00004U8P9|5.0|There's no one who can say this is a bad movie, Either it's one of the best movies ever made or I'm a very sweet transvestite from Transexual Transylvania.
B005XI4N16|5.0|This show is so well written and acted that it is a real treat to watch it each week. This week all three families are their usual hilarious selves. Haley visits college with Phil and he goes predictably bonkers there.  Ty Burrell is totally hilarious in this episode as he is back on his home college turf with his Bulldog sweatshirt, barking everywhere he goes.  He is now my favorite character whereas when I started the series he was way in the back for me.  His wife Claire wants a night out with the gays, through her brother and Cam, so that she can safely let off some steam. Gloria and Jay think Manny is going through the full awakening to girls.  He is but in a way one would never expect. You can't miss with this show.  Buy the whole season.
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|Great movie with a great message, the entire family will laught and cry with it. Get it in Blueray so you can enjoy it fully !
B004EPZ08E|5.0|not sure why this movie is getting only a 3 star rating but i loved it, totaly hilarious! it is rated R so if you dont like strong language or suggestive material dont watch it but if you like comedies this is one of the best.
B004FOA84A|5.0|This short but sweet, point and click adventure has top notch graphics, and some pretty difficult puzzles. Better print out a walk-through though, cause you will get stumped. Get it while it's on sale for 99c, totally worth it if you like old school adventure games.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|this book ensnared me with the first sentence and long after the last word was read, i remain thoroughly besotted.  i feel the thin weight of an invisible red scarf which i will doubtless carry around my neck forever.  bravo!
B004VF68AQ|3.0|upon first listen i cringed hearing the distinctly radio-friendly U2 style singing Perry sometimes succumbs to on this album.  and when i think back to what i found appealing about Jane's Addiction in their heyday it made for a depressing epiphany.  yeah, jane's addiction is probably putting out these songs for no other reason than to make money on a name that hasn't yet been completely pillaged.  perry's message used to be \\"i'm going to shock you into realizing that nothing's shocking\\".  he lived dangerously and had edge.  listening to that era of jane's addiction felt like a walk through the seediest parts of L.A.  you didn't know if you were going to meet a serial killer or Rimbaud and the music made you wonder if there was any difference between the two.<br />so my first impression was \\"jane's is dead\\" which perry and co. admitted when they broke up the first time, because they knew it was all downhill from where they'd climbed.<br />this reincarnation of the band answers what Jane's Addiction would sound like if they'd allowed themselves to become a brand.  there is no longer any edge. remember how crazy side 2 of Ritual sounded when it came out.  hard rock/punk wasn't supposed to sound like it was being made by gypsies but this band made it sound cool and you could believe in what perry was singing because it was of the people and against the establishment.  i won't go so far as to say that perry has become the establishment but i'm pretty sure he doesn't mind cashing their checks...<br />having said that i continued to listen to the album and once my initial disappointment wore off it didn't sound as bad as i originally thought.  it's radio friendly, which i hate, but there's way worse radio friendly.  it doesn't explore any new territory but some of it is catchy and ferrel's voice is still pretty cool.  the live concert that comes with the deluxe version contains mostly era-one songs and while they're no longer being played by guys who half want to kill each other they still sound pretty good.  perry patronizes the crowd with a nearly offensive mexican accent that further proves he's no longer dangerous but just a clown with a talent for singing who helped change the world of music 20 some years ago.still sound pretty good.  perry patronizes the crowd with a nearly offensive mexican accent that further proves he's no longer dangerous but just a clown with a talent for singing who helped change the world of music 20 some years ago.
B005WGJLFW|3.0|we are kind of limping along with this last season of the show. it is not what it once was and indeed that is why it was cancelled.  the viewers began realizing this across the board and ratings fell. however, knowing that this is the last season, i am having an ok time watching it finish out.  it is more like a daytime soap opera now than an evening show.<br /><br />the less i see of susan on the show, the better i like it.  this episode thus wasn't bad as the last episode heavily concerned her so we mainly just checked into to see if she and mike were ok. lynette is still separated from tom but it is tom who seems to be blooming as a result. it was great to see her reaction as tom was the first to start dating. (big surprise  bree is having to deal with her daughter and grandson living with her. she helps her daughter start up a home based business without any real idea of what it is. and gaby goes to war with the head parent at the school, who is also the traffic warden, who consigns her to the worst parking lot.  gaby fights back, of course.<br /><br />for what it is, it is ok. i usually am working on something else while i watch it. i like it well enough to see it through to the end.  if amazon let us use half stars i probably would give it 3.5 stars instead of 3.
B005FUTBWS|4.0|RED STATE swings for the fences and while the final result is no grand slam it is a healthy and dynamic home run. The script is ambitious and atypical, leading the viewer through a twisting maze that constantly surprises and upsets the audiences expectations every time they believe they have found their bearings. The performances from the cast are second to none, especially true for Michael Parks and John Goodman. The direction and editing are solid and clear, leaving no room for sentimentality and complimenting the story's brutal nature perfectly.  This is not a comfortable movie to watch. It is harsh and unsettling. But it is a movie that does what the best movies should: invite its audience to reconsider the shape of the lens through which they view the world.
B004ZN9UZO|5.0|Been living with this for a week.  AB'ed it to the 16 bit.  I'm totally sold on the re-master.  I don't EQ anything.  I want to hear it as it was in the studio.  Only thing I do is the run my pro plus4 xlr gear on an amp that Roger Nichols turned me onto about 12 years ago that takes all  the  electric noise out of the system.  You can digital meter this and get zero noise.  I use a pro-tascam CD player with XLR outputs into my board preamps, the only sweatening.  All cabling is of highest quality.  This gives me almost perfect sound.  Animals remaster is beautiful, like the other PF remasters.  This is a masterpiece.  As I said elsewhere, it's a little dark mooded but that's Roger Waters.  This is a jewel.  It wins both content and production.  Content is better than WYWH.  Production better than DSOTM.  IMHO, this is as good as it gets.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|A few years back, I took a gamble and purchased a pair of these as a birthday present for my brother, and picked up other studio headsets by AKG and Sennheiser. Generally speaking, I have never liked Sony products, with the exception of their gaming hardware, but these have really made me think twice about some of Sony's line of products. Both my brother and I listen to a very wide variety of music, and we both also use programs like Finale, Ableton Live, Cubase, Acid Pro, Fruity Loops, and several others. No contest, this pair of headphones out performs every other pair I've ever tested out! They can handle a powerful bass line, are crisp and clear all the way through a sine sweep, and I've never heard them crackle. Comparatively, my pair of AKG (think they were either 160, 2400 or something like that) cost about 50% more, had absolutely zero capability of producing tones below 1khz, and the ear pads fell apart within 6 months. The Sennheisser headphones I have are in the same price range, are very crisp and clean, and very close in sound quality to the Sony headset. While listening to a copy of a concert is where my brother and I found the difference between Sennheiser and Sony: With this pair of Sony's, You could hear individuals in the audience cough. We couldn't hear that with the Sennheisers, or any other pair of headphones or speakers that we've tried! I now keep my pair of AKGs nailed to a wall. I rarely use my Sennheiser headphones, really only when I'm travelling. And I've purchased more of these Sony's for friends, family, and for myself.<br />Long story short, if you are looking for a high quality pair of headphones, there are none better. Pairs that cost several times what these do just can't compete (especially Bose and AKG). Also, this pair of headphones comes with an exploded mechanical diagram, with a list of all pieces, in case anything breaks. In four years, neither my brother or I have had to take this piece of paper out for anything!
0385339682|4.0|This was a very smooth read.  I haven't read Grisham in a long time; Time to Kill is an all time favorite.  This was a good story.  It took awhile to get to the mystery of things and I ended up skimming the last couple of chapters, because by then the plot was over.  I guess I expected it to be more suspenceful and less everyday happenings.  But, over all I did like the book.
0545405777|4.0|Im not here to write a review based on other books/products or even the story itself( which is awesome if you havent read it by the way), but to comment on this item listing.  The package came well sealed with no damage from shipping at all, which is always a plus. The book comes with a case that can be stored in with what appears to be new mockingjay artwork. The hardcover cloth binding seems durable, and is pretty cool too. As a fan of the book, and only owning the kindle edition until now, personally I feel like it was a great buy. If you are new to the series, I would suggest maybe getting the standard edition, but if you are already a fan of this great series, you should definitely check this out.
B005WGCJWY|5.0|I love this show so the only thing I am viewing with some dismay is that they seem to be taking on Cuddy from the HOUSE MD show.  Lisa Edelstein, the actress, plays an attorney who is a thousand times more annoying than Cuddy, the hospital administrator and doctor from HOUSE.  And, of all things, she is a former love interest of Will Gardener's!<br /><br />Other than that, the show is great though.  Alicia has a murder case this time out.  There is a lot of tension in the firm over just about everything.  Eli is insisting on getting more and more assistance and since he is paying the firm big, he is a hard guy to deny. Diane thinks the firm needs to bring in a bankruptcy division because of the economy.  It is the one specialty that does extremely well in bad times.<br /><br />Although the rift between the two women still hasn't been smoothed, I personally think we are getting set up for a much bigger rift to open up between Alicia and the firm through her current involvement with Will. And when that explodes, she also must still contend with her vendetta seeking husband and his new henchman, Carey. Actually, Alicia would probably do a lot better with her career if she worked for the Michael J. Fox character or for Eli since these are men who do not interest her romantically nor are they interested in her romantically.<br /><br />I will be staying tuned each week.
B002NZK5RI|5.0|Excellent packaging and quick.  Thanx so much and I will use you whenever possible. Copycat is one of my favorite moves.
B004ZN9OTG|5.0|Got my copy today and sat on my deck listening through my studio headphones.<br />I loved what I heard.  I had a 16bit master of this but gambled that the new re-master would be worth the 12 or so bucks.<br />I got my money's worth!  Sounds beautiful!  This is a jewel!  This is pre-Echos but definitely worth listening to the creativity.<br />This is psychedilc!  It's not grunge rock or glam rock.  It's being mood altering creative.  The AHMS is worth having.  Consider this was 1971, there's lots of freedom to be creative here.  Sounds really good!
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I was skeptical when I purchased this book.  Several reviews caught my attention and convinced me to buy it against my better judgment.  I am so glad I took the risk!  I could not put it down and read it in one sitting.  I know a book is good if I stay up half the night just to finish it.  I was put off at first by the blatant portrayal of the \\"bad guy\\", but I was quickly convinced.  I fell in love with the characters and felt like I was right there with them through it all.  I highly recommend this book for more mature readers.  I would not want my niece to read this before her late teenage years.
B000A6EXNO|3.0|Genuine Nikon Item, easy to install on your D700 or D3x. Just unscrew the original eye piece, switch the screw to the new one and put it back on. The only thing I was surprised of was the size of the box it came in...I mean it was 10 times the size of the actual product. Not a complaint but they could save such boxed to pack bigger things! ;)  Big problem: I lost it after 2 weeks while shooting in the desert. I had the same problem while shooting in studio, it won't stay on as it is not a perfectly snug fit. If it hangs on something, you will lose it.
B001CDLATE|5.0|I enjoyed watching the \\"making of\\" feature almost as much as I enjoyed the film itself! This is definitely worth the HD purchase.  It's so easy to lose yourself in this film; the shots are just breathtaking. Once it gets released, check out \\"Samsara\\", a new film by the same filmmakers. I had a chance to see it at the Toronto International Film Festival this year and it was the best thing I saw!
9113020730|3.0|This is the last one/ 3rd book of the Millennium trilogy.  I found that the first book was the most entertaining.
B004ZNARH4|4.0|As a big Pink Floyd fan I was looking forward to this box set for various reasons but this box set is not what I was expecting.  First, the packaging was horrible.  The first set I received had two damaged discs.  I called Amazon and they sent me a replacement.  Fortunately, I did not return the first box. Lo and behold the second set had the same discs damaged.  Called again and the third box arrived  it too had damaged discs  and I was lucky enough to be able to mix and match the three boxes and finally had one complete undamaged set.  I put them all in jewel cases as they should have been packaged.    Cheap Cheap Cheap   Marbles - more junk.  These marbles were also damaged  not that I will ever use them) since the prism is just a very cheap decal.  The artwork came off when I removed them from the plastic bags since the tape touched the cheap decal removing it.  It rubbed off another marble simply from handling it.  Scarf - more junk.  Has some silly warning implying that it should not be used as a scarf -what is the point of it?  Coasters - more junk  One of the reasons i was excited about this set was the concert screen films.  Having seen Pink Floyd in concert I remember and enjoyed the films on the big round screen and wanted to see them in their entirety.  Nowhere did they state that they were not the full films but just excerpts. What a disappointment!  The discs themselves were good, but I would like to have been able to purchase them individually without all the cheap and useless extras.  I would have been satisfied with a copy of the poster and stickers that came with the original LP.  Or even the small sized ones that came with the Japanese version of the Dark Side cd.  I feel that I have been misled and used by the record company and wonder how the surviving members of the band allowed this crappy box set to be sold to their legions of dedicated fans.  0 stars for the junky crap they included  0 stars for the packaging  1 star for the concert screen films  2 stars for the video content - should of included a full concert or at least videos of DSOTM performances  5 stars for the audio content
B002ZG997M|5.0|A little gorey and violent, but if you can take a few fight scenes, then it's well worth it to get past them (or turn away) until the end.<br /><br />The end is worth it.
0140143505|4.0|This slender volume offers a gentle exploration of the human heart.  An epistolary history of a transatlantic book relationship, it provides humorous and tender insight on the making of an international friendship--one which spans several decades, ultimately spilling over onto other people in both spheres.  A single, Jewish script editor/TV writer in NY has always had a love affair with British Literature, but she receives more than just requested editions when she discovers an ad from this book shop. she comes to know the personnel, especially Frank Doel who provides the main business in fact, she receives more valuable things than mere books in the course their overseas transactions.  As gifts begin to cross the ocean, both ways, the business relationship becomes increasingly personal, until she cherishes the idea of traveling to London someday, to shock them all by her unannounced arrival in the flesh. But will she have the nerve to carry this plan through--the nerve, the money and the time...? An easy and charming read, decorated by canceled stamps.
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|Just like all his books, kept me there.  Took only 2 days to read it wish it wouldnt have ended!
B000AYELVU|5.0|Thank you for the great item!  I had to sell my large DVD collection a few years ago due to life being unpredictable & becoming a single mom.  I am a big Marvel fan & I've recently begun building my Marvel DVD collection again.  To me price and quality need to go hand in hand and you were able to provide me with both.  Thank you again!!
B005HEEE8I|5.0|So, feeling nostalgic remembering watching Star Trek with my great grandpa on rainy, cold days in Minnesota.  This was the first episode I've seen in YEARS and man, what a great show.  Time to watch them all from episode 1.  Thanks Amazon for making my Prime dollars better and better.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|We love it.  Our 2 year old loves it.  It's a great, funny film to watch over and over.  We did buy this at Blockbuster on Blu-Ray for their 5 for $20 deal though.
1423140591|4.0|This book drained all my free time and maybe went in to some of my study time. I think that the series has some of its high action areas toned down a bit for younger audiences, but it is still a great read. I am not going to in to detail about the story or its grammatical errors but the experience is waaaaay better if you know Greek mythology and you have read the other books. (Preferably in incredible detail.) All in all, its worth your twenty bucks.
B00004YTXH|4.0|A good cd but could have used a few more of the classics. Some of the renditions are not from the movies but are different versions. All in all, a good cd.
1582701709|1.0|ONLY RECEIVED HALF THE ORDER. I THINK THIS SUCKS AND I WANT THE REST OF MY ORDER. SEND ME THE OTHER BOOK!
0451232577|2.0|Ken Follett is a master at setting up a scene, which is why this book is at least partially readable.  The book jumps between several characters, often just a few pages at a time.  Each jump usually has something of interest happening, and then it moves to another character.  The problem is this - it never builds towards anything.  There is no over-reaching plot that is coming together (at least in this first installment), and to read 1000 pages with no pay off is a bit much to ask a reader.  It feels as though Follett set out to write a massively long epic rather than write an excellent book.  I, for one, don't have the interest of the reading the subsequent volumes.
B004G600A4|5.0|Ok..it is a movie, but the music in this very cute movie would translate to the stage very well.  I saw it in the theater and then bought it as soon as it came out on DVD.  I loved the artist's renderings of Rapunzel and Flynn and the story was very well done.  Great film.
0385523912|5.0|I really recommend getting the Audio version of this book, the female narrator does an impeccable job at telling the story with lively and engaging tone. She goes in a consistent pace, not too slow or too fast, making just enough dramatization when needed. I wanted to comment specifically on the Audio version since it's evident from other comments that this book is amazing. It's a great intro to NK through the personal stories of defectors, who aren't usually given a voice to recount the horror in NK.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|I found this book lacking some personality in Katniss she seemed more annoying and less strong... And with gale why would she kiss him if she loves peeta.. the Old katniss in the first book didn't want to get married but then she goes on kissing gale just because she was lonely. With the peeta thing i was soo sad i really liked Peeta. In the end i was kinda hoping for a fairy tale ending but really they had to face reality katniss ended up with peeta but the end seemed almost kind of rushed to me.. so overall least favorite book in the series.
B005EZJ3MW|5.0|It was the first time I bought something on Amazon.com and  I'm really happy with my new CD! (:  It was shipped fast.  Demi Lovato has such an amazing voice <3  Thanks Amazon!
B00466HM28|5.0|In the future i will upload a video of me operating this wonderful piece of music-production hard-ware. The Akai has a high fidelity towards most programs that i use (including pro tools, FL studio [which was a great relief personally], ableton, samplitude) those are as far as i can say.   now, the keys feel just fine--smaller yes, BUT there's an awesome benefit to that since you can move to keys faster, at least i made-do, this product i think works best for on-the-go music, but i find myself using it instead of my bigger one at home (m-audio).  yes, a modulation wheel would make this king, haha, but it's ok anyway really.   if you can afford it, do not feel \\"if-fy\\" about purchasing this. this is simply an awesome product.   ROCK ON PEEPS, keep the musick alive.  -jay mlz
B004Z4LVZK|5.0|I liked the book so much that I purchased the entire series. This reminds me a little of the Hunger Games series, which I am a fan of.
B004EPZ07K|4.0|Ryan Reynolds does well in whatever he appears.  I only viewed the standard DVD and sat back and allowed the movie to be entertaining, which it was.
B004LWZWE2|5.0|wonderful bon scott a his best the voice is still good such a entertainer and all round performer its good to see bon on film again
B001UV4XIS|5.0|This is the most exciting biggest motion picture event of the year, the most memorible finale since Toy Story 3! The highest grossing film of the year with ($380 million and counting), the highest non-James Cameron film of all time with ($1.3 billion dollars), the most acclamed movie of the year and even major Oscar buzz considering for Best Picture as an achieivement of 10 years making movie history movie after movie. That was a great finale and now everyone can experience it again on blu-ray and dvd with special features like additional scenes that didn't make it in the theatrical version for time and issues. If you a Potter fan, get it on dvd and blu-ray; if not watch all the films and then come back!
B003TJ4YUQ|3.0|Why is there no DD 5.1 or DTS 5.1 audio option on the PFC2 DVD?<br /><br />This is a terrific CD/DVD. Brilliantly done, just like the first CD/DVD combo - Songs Around The World [CD/DVD]. Both are fantastic. However, I noticed that the first DVD had Dolby Digital 5.1 and DTS 5.1 audio option in addition to the standard DD Stereo. But this second DVD only has the DD Stereo audio option as default. There is no audio option for DD 5.1 or DTS 5.1. Why? This is BIG disappointment for me, since the audio on the first DVD in DTS 5.1 or DD 5.1 audio mode sounds just awesome.<br /><br />I think omitting 5.1 audio option is a mistake. Other than that, this is another brilliant achievement. I am giving it 3 stars to let the producers know that 5.1 audio is a MUST to get 4 or 5 stars.
0743487486|5.0|I stumbled upon this book while I was pregnant with my first child (I'd say by accident if I didn't know better).  I feel so grateful to Alfie Kohn for writing a book that completely opened up my view of adult relationships with children.  I was never an unloving person, but I definitely viewed parenting as very much black-and-white, parents know best, children should do as they are told, etc.  I was completely missing the boat.  I strongly believe my son and I have benefited immensely from Unconditional Parenting.  I'm able to enjoy him more than I ever would have been had I not read the book, and I think he enjoys his childhood much more than he otherwise would have as well.  Thank you, Alfie Kohn!
B005LJK3AC|5.0|Like any comedy it has its ups and downs, but its ups are really up. I laughed so much, it was well worth the price.
B0051T47NQ|4.0|This was a very impressive effort on a film which could have been entitled \\"The Blair Troll Project\\".  There are mistakes and oversites on the journey to make such a far fetched idea seem plausible but all in all they did a pretty good job in attempting to effect an air of realism around this film. This is worth a watch and the special effects are pretty good.
B000LB7G00|4.0|Nice design. Easy to use. Simple. The only real problem I have with it is the software. You can program the buttons, but it doesn't always keep the settings. But besides that, I'm a fan.
B003Y5HWGI|5.0|Though this isn't my favorite season of them all, I LOVE the Desperate Housewives show! I've probably seen each season about 3 times, that's how amazing it is! In this season though, it seems like they are just trying to make up stuff as they go along and everything seems expected. I don't like how Gabby acts in this season either; everything just seemed off. Now granted, if you are a major Desperate Housewives fan like me, you will LOVE it. It still has the funny/serious feel to it and keeps me laughing the whole time!
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Nothing more to say but just superb pic and sound 5 out of 5 otherwise about movie it's up to you guys like it or what ? but for me 4.5 out of 5.
B005H9B2CE|5.0|This is a really good movie. I enjoyed it more than I thought I would. The main actor is perfect for this roll. A perfect blend of fun, drama, and action. I heard there will be a part two and I am excited!
B0053ZOQMK|3.0|This was a cute movie and it was action packed, but I watched with my 2-year-old and I was not happy with the language use. I heard \\"dam*\\" one time and \\"hel*\\" countless times. This is an issue in my house, and we had a conversation afterward about not saying those words.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|Essential movie. Already a billion good reviews on it. Just wanted to show my support. Anyone who doesn't understand the \\"Occupy Wall Street\\" movement needs to watch this. It will shed some light on some of the issues.
B005I64U5C|2.0|WB should have included a digital copy of the movie INSIDE the package, not as a download link. That's false advertising. Plus the download is 1.7GB from an extremely slow server. Took me an hour. Not only, to download the copy YOU PAID FOR you have to set up an account and give away private information.<br /><br />Ultraviolet is a joke not ready for prime time. I gave up on trying to watch my digital copy, I will find another file somewhere else. It took forever to install, forever to download, I couldn't play it on my laptop on the plane because it skips frame as the player is extremely CPU intensive and now it's been trying to open the movie for 10 minutes on my very powerful desktop.<br />If something is not broken don't fix it! Windows Media Player works very well with DRM.<br /><br />The streaming version is of very low quality, it can only be watched in a small window. Anything bigger than that will show extreme pixellation.<br /><br />Anyone interested in a digital copy is better off ripping the DVD. I will never buy any DVD/Blu-Ray that includes this sort of scam.
B005WGBQ9G|5.0|I really enjoyed the first episode of this new season. I do agree with the posters who said the characters are being too stupid. I read this elsewhere, too. In the first season they had real drama, but in this first episode the drama was there only because everybody suddenly got stupid. BUT I still love this show. I'm excited for more. I am a huge fan and I know there are great things to come! Even with my small complaint it's still the best show to come along in I don't know how long. There seems to be big cliffhangers at the end of each episode and they make me want to fast forward time so I can see what happens next. I don't remember the last time I've waited in anticipation like this for the next episode of a tv show to air. I love this show.
B001EOQWEO|5.0|Another great disney movie. I love how this has three option, blu ray, DVD and one to put on your ipod or ipad.
B0058A11AK|4.0|Barbra is one of my favorite singers so I have most of her CD's in my collection.  Although this is a very good CD, I enjoyed CD #2 the best because she is singing more familiar songs,including some of my favorites like \\"The Way We Were\\", \\"The Summer Knows\\", \\"After the Rain\\" etc.  CD #1 has some Alan and Marilyn Bergman songs that are less familiar \\"So Many Stars\\" \\"The Same Hello\\" \\"The Same Goodbye\\" etc.  Although all of the songs are beautiful, this was not my favorite album of all time.  My true favorites are her concert series where the audience reacts to her and she reacts to the audience.  You really feel like you are there!!
B004MNO0BQ|5.0|I run this on my Nook color and my evo 3d - it's mindless fun - works really well -great job done by the developer
B005LJITS0|2.0|There are a lot of really good actors in this film and they play their parts really well. The movie itself isn't that good though. I couldn't watch the whole thing. It sort of has a cartoon feel. The visuals and story don't measure up to the amazing actors who are in this.
B0000073BG|5.0|My second favorite album by Renaissance, had to buy it after their concert featuring Scheherazade and Other Stories and Turn of the Cards.
1590171993|3.0|STONER is in many respects a wonderful novel.Yet I found it  too grim .The title character grows up on a hardscrabble Mid western farm with parents who apparently can barely speak.He marries a woman who is quite simply loathsome(I'm tired of reading reviews which try to mince words here ).I believe in the introduction- John McGahern- author of the wonderful and funny PORNOGRAPHER- tells us the author believed Stoner had, a not bad life.I'm not so sure.Stoner is consistently treated  in an abominable manner and does nothing about it.That he leads a life of quiet desperation is an  understatement.It's not that I want novels to be cheerful or that I don't sympathize with the quiet dignity of Stoners struggle through life .However, at points I felt it was time for Stoner to rebel , not because I needed him to morph into a romantic hero but it really is too much what he puts up with .This affects the novel.I wound up thinking what petty indignity will this man accept next ?In all events the novel makes a good case for no fault divorce and not taking family obligations too seriously.When all is said and done, this is a well written, absorbing novel that lacks a dimension - any sense of transcendence.By that I most assuredly do not mean a happy ending. In STONER there is no real dramatic arc. There is poor old Stoner, his awful family and nothing.You might say the same is true of , Beckett. Yes but Beckett gives you a compelling, scary ,funny world view- Williams gives you poor old Stoner.Genet gives you kink upon kink upon sex upon violence. Here you get poor old sad sack  Stoner.He's a good sort but he isn't enough.
B004L07KWQ|5.0|My daughter loves this - only wishes she could have a panel of stamps like in Gcompris paint - would make this even more awesome
B0053F042G|5.0|I didn't expect to like this movie as much as I did. After seeing Prince of Persia I wasn't sure I wanted to see Jake in another movie again .. but this one made me fall in love with him. He was perfect in this role. The story was great, the visuals, the actors. I really suggest watching this movie. I don't have a lot of faith in Hollywood these days with some of the movies that have been coming out recently, but this movie shows they've still got it. Great movie.
B004VF68AQ|4.0|How do I feel about Jane's Addiction latest release The Great Escape Artist? One word: underwhelmed.<br /><br />And for me to use that word in connection to Jane's is something I never thought I'd do. Let's face it, it's not a horrible record as many feel it is but it's not a great one either. I apparently seem to be in the minority here because I was hoping to get something closer to Strays and or beyond what I'm listening to now.<br /><br />Obviously many say that you can't really compare this new release to their earlier output because those were different times, situations and enviroments for the band who were creating their first two epic studio masterworks. I recognize this. You can include the Triple XXX \\"live\\" release if you'd like because it's pretty much a studio creation as well with all the overdubbing and added in live \\"atmosphere,\\" but I usually don't. But let's face it, everyone IS comparing this record to the earlier music whether they admit it or not.<br /><br />Now I'm not sure why Strays seems to get overlooked by the masses, and as a longtime Scream-era JA fan I thought it was an amazing effort, but it does. Sure, two songs were from ye olden tymes, \\"Suffer Some\\" & \\"Price I Pay,\\" but songs such as \\"Wrong Girl,\\" \\"Just Because,\\" \\"The Riches,\\" and \\"True Nature\\" were definitely up to par with much of JA's original material. Some seem to dislike Chris Chaney's efforts as compared to Eric Avery's but I'm going out on a limb to say that I'm betting a majority of people reviewing this new release may not have seen Avery in the bands' heyday anyway so it becomes subjective. I like Eric. I like Chris. Eric's gone again. Case closed. Bob Ezrin's production was excellent. He let the band do what they do best. Navarro and Perkins laid down amazing leads and percussion. Perry was on fire. I also believe that the album was evenly mixed song-wise. It has a good flow. That record is SO underrated.<br /><br />If there's one thing I think this release suffers from - in my humble opinion - it's the overwhelming influence, production and collaboration with TV On The Radio's David Stivek. He's all over this album! If he's not helping with the production, he's co-writing the tracks, playing bass (where's Duff and Chaney's recorded input?) or even playing guitars! Why in the world do you need Stivek playing guitars when you have Dave Navarro?!! I think that Navarro is set back in the mix too much and that this is the least guitar friendly Jane's album to date. It simply sounds muddy with nothing really coming out of the mix to grab you. I personally find it interesting that Jane's Addiction, after 8 years, had to go to an outside source like Stivek for all the work he does on Great Escape. Shouldn't his picture be in the insert where Chaney's is? I don't get it.<br /><br />Track by track:<br /><br />1. Great Escape starts off strong with \\"Underground.\\" Driving rhythms, cool lyrics, and one of the best leads from Navarro on the entire album.<br />2. \\"End To The Lies.\\" When released as a free download earlier this year this tune had my hopes up that Great Escape was going to be at least as good as Strays; hopefully better. A strong powerful track that reminds me of Jane's at their best. This one has it all. If this isn't a song about Eric Avery it sure as hell is going to be taken as one.<br />3. \\"Curiosity Kills.\\" Killer bass groove on this one this one and some interesting vocal treatments. The lead/outro guitars remind me of something that the Simple Minds would have had on a record in 1986. Not Navarro in 2011. Yikes. A decent, but not as good as the two openers, song.<br />4. \\"Irresistable Force.\\" This song trys so hard to be epic, and live, I can see the cell phones pumping in the air as I walk to get a beer. Sadly it fails in the pantheon of \\"epic\\" JA songs. Navarro plays a competent, but uninspired, lead towards the end of the song. Perkins excels as usual. I'm just not into this one. It may be the muddy production of Rich Costy (who did a great job on Navarro's solo album) or perhaps this TV On The Radio guy David Stivek?<br />5. \\"I'll Hit You Back.\\" One of the better songs on the record. Killer hook in the chorus. A too short Navarro lead at the end of the track. This song evokes a groovy sinister mood. Again it is affected by the albums' mix and muddy production.<br />6. \\"Twisted Tales.\\" Verse Chorus Verse. NEXT!<br />7. \\"Ultimate Reason.\\" Slow to start this track is still up there with the better songs on the album. Powerful and driving. It sounds like Melissa Auf Der Mauer's \\"Follow The Waves,\\" but that may just be me. This track is one of the three Duff McKagen-era JA songs.<br />8. \\"Splash A Little Water On It.\\" I guess this is supposed to be the epic \\"Three Days\\" track on the album, and I would've settled for \\"To Match The Sun,\\" but it isn't. Dave plays a decent (did I just use that word with regard to Navarro?!!) lead but the song merely plods along until that point. NEXT!<br />9. \\"Broken People.\\" THIS is an amazing track. Live this is going to be incredible. The bass kicks ass. Perry's voice and lyrics are excellent. The song has a lounge club vibe to it. Perkins and the overall mood of the track lull you in and then Navarro kicks in with a driving guitar rhythm. Awesome!!! This is by far the best of the three Mckagen-era JA songs.<br />10. \\"Words Right Out Of My Mouth.\\" Starts out like Perry's old \\"Words\\" spoken word bit from ye olden tymes. I think this is supposed to be a hard driving knock-out punch at the end of the album, but I would've ended with \\"Beautiful People\\" and placed this earlier in the track order. Hasn't grabbed me yet. The final McKagen-era JA track, I can only imagine what that record would have sounded like.<br /><br />A good album to be sure. Not great. What did you think?TV On The Radio guy David Stivek?  5. \\"I'll Hit You Back.\\" One of the better songs on the record. Killer hook in the chorus. A too short Navarro lead at the end of the track. This song evokes a groovy sinister mood. Again it is affected by the albums' mix and muddy production.  6. \\"Twisted Tales.\\" Verse Chorus Verse. NEXT!  7. \\"Ultimate Reason.\\" Slow to start this track is still up there with the better songs on the album. Powerful and driving. It sounds like Melissa Auf Der Mauer's \\"Follow The Waves,\\" but that may just be me. This track is one of the three Duff McKagen-era JA songs.   8. \\"Splash A Little Water On It.\\" I guess this is supposed to be the epic \\"Three Days\\" track on the album, and I would've settled for \\"To Match The Sun,\\" but it isn't. Dave plays a decent (did I just use that word with regard to Navarro?!!) lead but the song merely plods along until that point. NEXT!  9. \\"Broken People.\\" THIS is an amazing track. Live this is going to be incredible. The bass kicks ass. Perry's voice and lyrics are excellent. The song has a lounge club vibe to it. Perkins and the overall mood of the track lull you in and then Navarro kicks in with a driving guitar rhythm. Awesome!!! This is by far the best of the three Mckagen-era JA songs.   10. \\"Words Right Out Of My Mouth.\\" Starts out like Perry's old \\"Words\\" spoken word bit from ye olden tymes. I think this is supposed to be a hard driving knock-out punch at the end of the album, but I would've ended with \\"Beautiful People\\" and placed this earlier in the track order. Hasn't grabbed me yet. The final McKagen-era JA track, I can only imagine what that record would have sounded like.   A good album to be sure. Not great. What did you think?
B004DMIIO6|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised, expectations after reading reviews were exceeded.  Would view this again.  Decent character development and swashbuckling ninja action.  Typical oriental theme, theres nothing earth shattering about the story, but you should already expect it when you view this genre.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I absolutely love this game! I can't seem to get enough. It's definitely helps the time pass! I can't wait till more levels come out!
075666733X|5.0|I absolutely love this book and the DVD.  The pictures are great and so detailed. Now that my niece is learning about the body, I can use the book to help explain the parts that she's learning.
B0055D3EOG|3.0|This was an okay movie.  Unfortunately it didn't bring anything new or original to the table.  It was a little scary, but all in all, I just wasn't impressed.  I wish that I'd watched something else.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|I love the original movies George! These movies have added footage and the soundtrack has been altered. I'm a diehard for the originals!
B004P68T30|5.0|This book is a classic and extremely difficult to read. The voice of the reader is professional and easily rattles through these tongue twisters. It's fun to listen to someone read though without tripping up.
B0055EAJ7A|5.0|I seen the movie at the theater and just couldn't wait to own it. It's a movie that you will watch more then once!
B000Q6GUTI|5.0|Mark Wahlberg graphically shows us how the CIA uses, abuses and then discards their operatives. A real eye-opener for everyone who belives in justice.
B0031RS2XG|4.0|A great book that helps you understand how to deliver meaningful messages in a way that they 'stick' in people's mind. The books is easy to read and contains not only plenty of examples but also an excellent process of how you should go about crafting your message.<br /><br />In an age where we are bombarded with continual advertising the book examines exacts what is retained. It examines in details not only what 'sticks' but why it is so. Any business would greatly benefit from the messages here and surprisingly, they are not all that difficult.<br /><br />If you are looking to get a message across and have it not only be successfully received but also retained then this book is for you. It not provides a wealth of examples but an easy to follow process to ensure your message has the greatest chance of success.
B003ASLJS6|5.0|I wish my priest could be like the Preacher (Clint Eastwood) from the movie \\"Pale Rider\\".  I watch this movie over and over and over and still enjoy it as if I am looking at it for the first time.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|This app has quickly become my new favorite app. I've been using it to take spectacular images of my child playing with our cats, her toys, or just looking at me funny. The results are nothing short of art. I image came out so perfect everyone thinks it's a sketch! A+ for this developer
B002T9H2LA|1.0|Even the IDEA of the Nazis having a need for a \\"Jew Hunter\\" is egregiously facile, revisionist, and offensive; by the time they got the whole country implicated in what they were doing [along with multinational company I.G. Farben and, later, I.B.M.] -- with dissenters either exiled or facing being reported on by their (former) neighbors -- all those people had to do was FILE a MEMO, if that's what they wanted!<br /><br />Ditto the idea of American soldiers attempting to \\"scare\\" a group of people in the grips of a mass psychosis; as Wilhelm Reich saw happen to his horror (and later delineated in his book, \\"The Mass Psychology of Fascism\\"), people after people(s) just, y'know ... TURNED ... going \\"bad\\" like milk left out in the sun will go \\"bad\\" (and equally as irredeemable -- at least, in THAT life!).<br /><br />By now it's come out that the \\"ending\\" Tarantino couldn't seem to come up with (as he related in a 2003 \\"Playboy\\" interview) has been filched from some so-called \\"grindhouse\\" movie (as though there ever were such a genre, as opposed to Romero/Argento on the one hand, and Corman/Samuel Arknoff on the other, and the crap in-between nobody noticed nor particularly remembered until a post-POST-modern \\"niche\\" emerged: celebrating crap!).<br /><br />So ... that leaves us with WHAT, exactly, to recommend?  Or: to NOT cringe at, just to get to the \\"action kicks\\"!)<br /><br />Samuel Fuller took 35 YEARS to write/film the novel/movie \\"The Big Red One,\\" and he was TWENTY-EIGHT YEARS OLD at the time he went; all in all, this \\"penultimate event of the Twentieth Century\\" (as Dan Simmons, rightly, called it in the \\"Introduction\\" to the recent reprint of his horror masterwork \\"Carrion Comfort\\") took a greater toll on folks than most could cop to at the time, or for some time after . . . isn't Tarantino pulling the same crap most gung-ho military types do nowadays, hoping for as \\"enemy-able\\" an enemy as the all-too-UN-understandable Nazis?<br /><br />Well ... sorry, Q.T.!  Methinks you've \\"over-clocked\\" yourself, with this one!<br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />FOR FURTHER REFERENCE ON THE REAL NAZI \\"RESISTANCE(S),\\" PLEASE SEE:<br />[1.] [[ASIN:B002U1LGSW Flame and Citron]]<br />[2.] [[ASIN:1616080795 The Deceivers: Allied Military Deception in the Second World War]]<br />[3.] [[ASIN:B00006FD9P Enigma]]<br />[4.] [[ASIN:1851685367 Sophie Scholl and the White Rose]]<br />[5.] [[ASIN:0140183337 Blood of Others (Penguin Twentieth-Century Clas)]]one!  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  FOR FURTHER REFERENCE ON THE REAL NAZI \\"RESISTANCE(S),\\" PLEASE SEE:  [1.] [[ASIN:B002U1LGSW Flame and Citron]]  [2.] [[ASIN:1616080795 The Deceivers: Allied Military Deception in the Second World War]]  [3.] [[ASIN:B00006FD9P Enigma]]  [4.] [[ASIN:1851685367 Sophie Scholl and the White Rose]]  [5.] [[ASIN:0140183337 Blood of Others (Penguin Twentieth-Century Clas)]]
B004T5R2HQ|2.0|Finally an app I can use for my phone to be a scanner. And it actually works too! I definitely recommend this app.
B00284BNKC|4.0|I've somehow managed to put off seeing this movie for 11 years.  It was a conscious decision.  Director Darren Aronofsky's recent success with \\"Black Swan\\" and a cheap Blu ray price finally got me to watch it.  My original hesitation had to do with the subject matter and the fact I knew Jennifer Connelly's character Marion would be sexually abused.  Now I love to see beautiful women  but brutality and rape is not my thing.  Here Marion, her boyfriend played by Jared Leto, his friend played by Marlon Wayans and the mother of Leto's character all circle the drain strung out on drugs.  Sara is the mother and is brilliantly played by Ellen Burstyn.  She is hopped up on amphetamines prescribed by a quack doctor in an attempt to lose weight.  The other 3 are your typical beautiful young people whose future is compromised by a long stint hooked on your garden variety street drugs.  The acting is superb all the way around, but this is a difficult movie to watch.  It is gut wrenching and nauseating but has brilliance about it with the sights and sounds Aronofsky brings to film. I don't think I'll ever watch it again.
B004GYY714|5.0|Able to connect to radios from all over the world: an excellent way to catch up with the things going round the world.And listen to music fron all over too.
B00003CXPJ|3.0|No doubt many of the people for whom this film was made saw/will see it...and love it. It is characterized by slap-dash comedy and nonsense chatter, There are some laughs for almost everyone; but, not many for the somewhat more sober crowd. I suspect that it is a young people's picture and a lot of fun for them. Others will have to take their chances. No sense describing the plot, hackneyed, and known by the creators to be hackneyed. Surely the plot was intended as no more than a very frayed wash-line on which to hang the verbal and, particularly, the sight gags. Ben Stiller was the Orson Welles of the production; starring, directing, producing, co-writing, and more that I did not catch. The cast members whom I recognized were his mother in a cameo, and father in a supporting role; it took me a while to accept the fact that IT IS Jon Voight playing his screen father in a few brief shots,. I assume some of the other actors are familiar faces playing \\"lets put on a show\\".
B00004Z459|5.0|The classic Hybrid Theory.... ah I've listened to this album a ton of times, and it is easily one of the best albums released in the past decade. Linkin Park's debut album has a great mix of catchy songs, great beats, and a whole load of meaning behind it. I can't figure out which is my favorite between this album and the album following it(Meteora).  Papercut - Starts off with a great beat and is followed by a catchy guitar hook. The lyrics are also pretty catchy and easy to memorize, including the rap verses.  10/10  One Step Closer - A fast song, leads off with a guitar with Chester's great vocals. The breakdown in the song is great, the song itself is one of Linkin Park's most famous singles and most catchy  9.5/10  With You - Awesome DJing from Mr Hahn at the start, the rapping verses sound great, and at the breakdown, Mr Hahn pulls off his magic along with Chester having his voice flow in this song with Mike's rapping  10/10  Points of Authority - Another great song, shorter than others but rapping is super catchy  9.5/10  Crawling - Great vocals from Chester on this one, one of the heavy songs in the album compared to others, little rapping, but nonetheless very great song  10/10  Runaway - Great verses, great chorus, great breakdown, I love this song, the lyrics aren't as catchy, but they are the most memorable from the album  10/10  By Myself - A Bit different from the others, it leans on more of Mike's rapping verses than Chester's chorus and background vocals  8.5/10  In The End - Obviously this is one of the most famous Linkin Park songs, in fact, this is one of their signature songs that brought them into stardom. Excellent rapping verses, great chorus, and great bridge. The piano intro will have everyone easily recognize this song.  10/10  A Place For My Head - Most underrated song out of the album in my opinion. Honestly this is a great follow up to In The End, Rapping verses are extremely catchy, and you can't help but scream along with Chester in the breakdown. Chester's voice sounds amazing in this song, and this is one of the best songs where his vocal flows perfectly(including In The End, Numb, Breaking the Habit, and From The Inside)  10/10    Forgotten - Not many people have heard of this song, one of the gems of this album, has a nice fast start to it, and has a sudden ending.  9/10  Cure for the Itch - Purely a DJ experiment from Mr Hahn, the beats are pretty good and slow  8.5/10  Pushing Me Away - A soft song with a great chorus, I enjoy all versions of this song(Live from Texas, HT Version, and Piano versions) I love the lyrics on this song, and I remember the start of this song as soon as I hear it. This song should've had more recognition than it originally got.  10/10  Overall, Hybrid Theory is one of my top favorite albums of all time, enjoy some rapping and metal(everyone has different tastes in metal)? This is the perfect album for you, Linkin Park created a amazing album, and this is a must listen.
B000055Y0Y|5.0|Somewhere along the line, the TV Cowboy and Spaghetti Western Tough Guy, became Actor and Director, Clint Eastwood. Now at 3 days younger than I, he is one of the relatively very few Hollywood figures who can claim a body of work, before and behind the camera, which justifies membership in the Entertainment Business Elite.  This is a film which allows him to be tough and tender but never overblown or sentimental. The matching with Malkovich, who also turns in a first class performance, provides a dialectic of qualities which energize the production. The interaction with Rene Russo, humanizes his character, with a minimum of romantic moments. There are a few static and stereotyped characters, but, for the most part, the few important supporting roles are strongly performed.  Not the best film of its type ever made, but, a very good one.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|Not being a theater goer in the past 10-15 years and growing up with the comics this movie was based on,it was nice to see this movie in the privacy of my home.
0307272702|5.0|Mr Taubes gets to the heart of the matter.    Obesity is much in the news as the government moves to control the diet of our children, in the name of the common good.  But the Michelle Obama approach is misguided.    Mr. Taubes dispels the myths of obesity and weight loss that have grown up over the last 50 years.  Exercise is not an effective way to control weight.  Content of diet is what is important.  Fat is good.  Cholesterol is made from carbohydrates.  A diet of carbohydrates leads to metabolic shifts in insulin which set the stage for obesity.   There is much more.  It is well written and logical.   Anyone interested in weight control, should be interested in this book.  As this is tens of millions, the book will become a classic.
B005WWBP1O|5.0|Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen, is one of my favorite English literature novels.  Full of humor and sly wit, I get a chuckle out of it each time I read it.  I had the pleasure this year of reviewing it with my daughter, who was given the assignment to read and report on it for a high school Honors class.  The opening line \\"It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife\\" remains entrenched in my memory all these years and I still find it holds true, yet is funny nonetheless. If you have never had the pleasure of reading this remarkable story, I encourage you to take the time to do so.  It's quite entertaining and enjoyable.
B0055EAJ7A|5.0|item arrived as promised.  This new feature sucks where I'm forced to review an item.  I don't intend to respond to future review requests because of this new demand.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I envy Erin Morgenstern for having such a wonderful imagination, and I thank her for sharing her imagination with us readers. This was one of those stories where you want to get to the end to see how it plays out, but at the same time, you just don't want it to end.  Will Marco win? Will Celia? Will they find a way around the challenge? Will it go on forever, or will one of them die? I looked forward to pulling out my kindle each evening and losing myself in The Night Circus.  I finished this book over a week ago, and something in my life seems to be missing.  Ah yes, the circus! I could have easily become a reveur.
B004U52VPS|5.0|I purchased Angry Birds: Knock on Wood from a store for my 5 year old son. He really likes Angry Birds, so having this was a very exciting moment for him. I have to say that the game is challenging; even still he loves it. He says, \\"Having fun is the main goal,\\" so my advice is to just have fun with it.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I would only want the number pad to go back to the qwerty keyboard once I press the space bar. That's the only thing I would update. Otherwise, perfect keyboard! Evo 4G.
B00127RAJY|5.0|It is one of the best exercises I have ever done...With three levels of difficulty...This women is a rock. I recommended this DVD with my eyes closed.
B001TAJGO6|4.0|At first it seems quirky and perhaps without direction but if you give it some time it will draw you in deeper and deeper. It ends up being an intriguing and entertaining speculation on memory and free will.
B003YL4LYI|3.0|Amen to most everything all the 1-3 star folks have said, and even some of the 4 star folks, who clearly didn't enjoy the book as much as the stars imply.<br /><br />Like many here, I raced through the series over the months since the HBO series wrapped. I was reading #3 on a long car ride with my husband, who got really irritated that I would not take my turn at the wheel towards the end of the novel. Martin really is just that good. This series is like crack cocaine, and I don't really even read fantasy series!<br /><br />***Spoilers, of course.***<br /><br />OMG moments like the Red Wedding, the \\"thing that was Catelyn Stark\\" - and Martin's unique take on how changeable identity really is - make this series a keeper.<br /><br />That said, I have nothing but sympathy for those who waited six years for #5, and hope - without an iota of blame or sarcasm, seriously! - that Mr. Martin is OK, and that he really wants to/can find a way to move this story forward. Cuz Dany's interminable slog through the mud at the end of #5 is becoming a metaphor for the series now.<br /><br />My take on the good:<br /><br />-Theon, finally. I never saw a point to him before now.<br />-Always enjoy checking in on Arya, but for four books now, have been waiting for her to re-unite with somebody, anybody (even her meeting with Sam in Book 4 was something).<br />- Davos, and his surprisingly awesome scenes with Manderly. Can't wait to hear about the results of their quest.<br />-Ser Barristan, as always.<br />-The (too short) return of Varys.<br /><br />The bad:<br /><br />-Anything with Victarion.<br />-Anything with the Dornish (except Prince Doran, who I kind of like).<br />-Someone on here called Penny Jar Jar Binks, and you, ser, are hilarious.<br />-Dany's arc. Although unlike many, I get that she really still is a hormonal teenager. And that's OK.<br />-The killing off (literally and figuratively) of dangerous Lannisters. What is there left to do??<br />-Never thought I'd be bored by Bran.<br /><br />The notably missing:<br /><br />-Baelish<br />-Humor<br /><br />The inexplicable:<br /><br />-What on earth was that warg-y prologue about??<br />-In terms of the involvement in the ways of Westeros, is Jon Snow \\"in\\" or is he \\"out\\"?<br />-Are people with Greyscale infectious and dangerous or not? If yes, how so, when, and to whom? (Cause if Connington really has Greyscale, and he's content to hang around that kid who's supposed to be Prince Aegon, then that kid is NOT Prince Aegon.)<br /><br />And... Of course I'll read the next one. But I implore Mr. Martin, please sir. Forward momentum is imperative.
B003L77G6A|5.0|Absolutely brilliant! I don't know how the writers do it but they keep coming up with hilariious scenarios for the show.  The cast play off and against each other amazingly well. I don't think any other group of actors could have made this show the success it is.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Within moments of entering the game I was hooked. Appropriately themed graphic design. Music very relaxing  ... not overwhelming or too repetitive. Progressively more challenging puzzles.
B004SBX112|1.0|Used to work fine on my samsung vibrant until the update. Now it won't even open. Uninstalled and reinstalled twice with the same result. So frustrating!!!!!!!
B0058VW36U|5.0|great game.  very addictive and satisfying.  easier than most games but still highly rewarding.  must have game.  better than angry birds in my personal opinion as I feel more skill is involved in this game.
B000JMKRKC|5.0|I enjoyed this book immensely, and highly recommend it. One of the best books I've read in awhile. Everyone else has already said the things I'd say about it, and more articulately than I could have, so this will have to do for me, I just couldn't pass up giving it my 5 stars.
B005J0VPNC|5.0|Despite minor glitches on my Samsung Charge I LOVE this app!  The ability to change photos in your Gallery is terrific.  Adds a whole new level to some of your favorite photos.  Favorite effects are Neon Cola and Aquarello.
0671027344|4.0|in a sentence or so: Charlie is a socially awkward teen who experiences life differently than most of us. this is fragment of the story of his life from his perspective written from him, to you.<br /><br />the story opens with Charlie writing you a letter telling you about the suicide of his best friend. he continues to share bits and pieces about himself, his family, his two new friends, and mourning the loss of his friend through letters to the reader.<br /><br />as this is clearly Charlie's story to tell, i won't dwell on the plot. the first person perspective allows you to experience the book in a way i can't possibly explain, so i won't.<br /><br />i will tell you, however, that opening with an intense emotional event sets a melancholy tone that never really fades. that doesn't mean there aren't laughs and smirks and heartfelt moments. there most certainly are heartwarming selections. but, just like life, there's a lot of excruciatingly anxiety-filled events in his life that transcend straight to the heart of the reader. i felt Charlie's joy, his hope, his confusion, and most of all i felt his anxiety.<br /><br />there is a deep emotional connection to be forged here, if you're ready. honestly, i had to set myself up to read this one. it was recommended to me by several bloggers and was immensely personal for them...so i knew it was going to pack an emotional punch. i was not prepared for the intensity that persisted throughout the read, but i am impressed to be able to experience such vivid and genuine emotions through literature.<br /><br />Charlie will share his world with you through a unique perspective and drag your heart through the dirt, step on it, break it, tenderly wipe it off, put it back together, hug it close, and set it free. and you wouldn't want it any other way, because the journey with Charlie through all of his ups and downs is unforgettable and authentic and genuinely inspiring.<br /><br />fave quotes: \\"Girls are weird, and I don't mean that offensively. I just can't put it any other way.\\" (122)<br /><br />\\"I think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and then make the choice to share it with other people.\\" (169)<br /><br />fix er up: i didn't want to put this book down, ever, but i had to because the font was hurting my eyes. and i have solid eyesight. i think the small typeface and the bright white pages were just too much for my little retinas. this is purely cosmetic, but it really was bothersome.think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and then make the choice to share it with other people.\\" (169)  fix er up: i didn't want to put this book down, ever, but i had to because the font was hurting my eyes. and i have solid eyesight. i think the small typeface and the bright white pages were just too much for my little retinas. this is purely cosmetic, but it really was bothersome.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I used to watch this on MTV almost every chance I got, it helped keep me from freaking out as I myself went through high school. I'm glad the series finally came out on DVD as this is a piece of my childhood that I happy nabbed at the first chance I could.
B00005JLKB|4.0|I love the Smallville Dvd Set.  Thanks. Clear Picture. I love to watch the shows again and again. I have ordered other seasons of smallville.
B000MV9026|4.0|This is a really cute movie. One caution though. My 2 1/2 year old grandson found the beginning to be too scary and cried when a bird was after one of the penguins. My granddaughter, who is almost 5 loved it. I wouldn't recommend it to any child under five years old. Story is adorable, music is terrific.
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|Certainly deserves, that is, must be seen on the large screen to be appreciated. Tree of Life is some two and a half hour of majestic, sumptuous pictures and images with a minimalist plot that can only be inferred. A movie almost entirely told through pictures. This is my take:<br /><br />One of if not the most difficult experiences for a parent to endure is when ones child dies before they do.  The death is off-screen and never explained. Why Why Why? If there is a God, why did this happen? If there is divine purpose directing our lives, what can be the purpose to violating the natural order and the child dying first. If God can create and order this vast universe and nature throughout history, why would he take my child, the fifties mother (Jessica Chastain) contemplates these questions. What is the plot here?<br /><br />We see beautiful glimpses of a very fifties family in Waco Texas. Father, stern, strict but ultimately loving, stay-at-home, dreamy mother plays with her three boys, makes meals and quietly supports the decisions of her husband, played by Brad Pitt.  Brad works in the factory but would have preferred a job playing organ or piano, his talent and interest. Life is tough and you have to be tough to survive, he tried to teach his sons.  Kids experience a world without media, cell phones, x-boxes, TV's (!) where they use their imaginations in play. The experiences of Waco effect the child Jack O'Brien who becomes the adult played by Sean Penn. What is the purpose of life? Why did his younger brother die and him live? Fights with his father, rebellion. From this idyllic fifties setting, Jack O'Brien grows to be an architect designing huge soulless glass and steel monstrosities. Fights with his father go on in his head. This movie offers a lot of questions and no answers.<br /><br />Much of this is seems autobiographical of director Terrence Malick.<br /><br />We see stunningly beautiful pictures of life, underwater, of earth from space, Pictures not seen since in movies \\"2001, a Space Odyssey\\". Pictures from the Hubble telescope. Perhaps heaven. A extremely visual movie. A movie of pictures from the perspective of God. The end of days when \\"the sea shall give up it's dead\\".<br /><br />Director Malick throws in a soundtrack with a lot of classical music, Bach etc. But repeatedly plays Francois Couperin's \\"Les Baricades Misterieuses\\" -the mysterious barricades - to underline his point...<br /><br />I think people with children and people who who have religion in their lives (or think about ideas of religion) will marvel at this movie. Others will wonder what the fuss is about.dyssey\\". Pictures from the Hubble telescope. Perhaps heaven. A extremely visual movie. A movie of pictures from the perspective of God. The end of days when \\"the sea shall give up it's dead\\".   Director Malick throws in a soundtrack with a lot of classical music, Bach etc. But repeatedly plays Francois Couperin's \\"Les Baricades Misterieuses\\" -the mysterious barricades - to underline his point...   I think people with children and people who who have religion in their lives (or think about ideas of religion) will marvel at this movie. Others will wonder what the fuss is about.
0671027573|5.0|Mr. Perfect  is  magnificent  read!  Howard  succeeds  with  a  cleverly  crafted  plot  and witty  unique dialogue.  The  scene  where  Jaine  is  washing  her  car  and  Sam  comes  slamming  out of  his  house  is  a  true  riot!! Her  characters  have  depth  and  warmth  besides  having  their  own  problems  and  secrets.  A  true  MUST  read  if  you  are  a  fan  of  this  genre!
0756404738|5.0|Without a doubt, Patrick Rothfuss has created a fantasy series that will be remembered for decades as a masterwork. My only regret is that I discovered it before it was completed, so that I have to endure the piecemeal publishing of the successive tomes. As a lifelong, avid fantasy reader, I promise you, who are now reading this review, that your money is excellently spent on every and any book of this fantastic and epic series.   Unless you have only a few short years to live, because dying without finishing this series would suck, and it'll be a while before book 3 comes out.
0393064476|4.0|This is one of the most challenging and profound books I have ever read.It takes frequent recapping to absorb the subtle points in his narrative. You will be thinking about this book long after the first reading.
0451232577|5.0|Can't wait for the installment!!  I'll buy it at Amazon as soon as it comes out. I love history books and this one was super.
B003UMW68Y|5.0|This is totally worth buying. It's a great movie. Looks good in Blu-Ray too. It's full of good songs and cool stop motion. Enough said.
0446547654|2.0|I was very disappointed in this book.  I've read books by this author before and liked them and was looking forward to reading this one.  Unfortunately, I found the characters boring and the plot predictable.  Half way through the book I peaked at the ending.  When I realized I didn't like the sad ending I closed the book and put it aside.
B004VF68AQ|4.0|Okay, so this doesn't measure up to classic Jane's (how could it without Avery's bass), but it's very good on it's own terms. I've warmed up to the tracks quickly, though they lack the live wire energy of classic Jane's. Sitek's contributions are particularly notable -- you can tell that Perry, Dave and Stephen were looking to get some of that TV on the Radio sensibility into their sound. So, no, it isn't classic Jane's, but it is an enjoyable update of their sound, and a grower once you get over the initial disappointment.
0765324857|5.0|Warning: Do NOT read this book if you haven't played both Bioshock 1 and 2.  I'm not entirely sure, but it seems to me that it would not hold up well without a lot of the context from both of the games.    That being said, this is a great collection of vignettes to add to the Bioshock universe.  The authors descriptions of the places and people don't only support what you see (and hear from audio diaries) in the games, but builds upon it very well.  If you have anywhere from a mild to EXTREME (like me) obsession with Bioshock, then this will whet your appetite while waiting for Bioshock Infinite or another title set in Rapture.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|magical exciting scary romantic this book has it all!!! i bought this in kindle version and the pictures werent that great but it made them scaryer. this book would sometimes freak me out before i went to bed so i wouldent recomend reading it at night. if u r into war of war history this is a pretty good book for that. the book really makes u think about things like is this real are there these creatures amoung us we dont know. i loved this book and im 14. but i think it would be kinda scary for anybody 10 and under. i highly recomend 8-
B005CK76ZA|1.0|i bought the version with the pictures on the lp's. it's a really cool collector item, but aside from that the audio is horrible. it's completely hyper-compressed. there is no dynamic range what-so-ever. it literally made my heart hurt when i first put the needle to the vinyl. to know i wasted all that money on a crappy remastered version. how can they justify ruining such a masterpiece? if you are looking for it as a collector's item then go for it. but if you want it because you don't have the original nevermind album don't waste your money. find the original somewhere or even the 180 gram re-issue. my advice is if any album says re-mastered then avoid it completely.
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks novels and this is one of my favorites.  Why???  It might not have ended like I would have prefered, but it still had that mysterious joy his books shine with.  I could have read more...
B005TMXT6Q|5.0|Un &aacute;lbum lleno de sabor mexicano, rico en sonidos tradicionales mezclado con los modernos, rico para escuchar y hasta bailar. 100% recomendable!!!
B004LOMB2Q|2.0|So I downloaded the free version for my mac and my android tablet.  I loved it--so easy to make note cards, etc. and I loved the sync, and how quick things showed up.<br /><br />Then I decided to look at some of my study notes while I was in a place without wifi.  Huh.  They don't show up! Why would that be?  Because you can't actually access notes offline unless you have premium service!<br /><br />Are you kidding me?<br /><br />Great app, but for me it's pretty useless, as I am not always connected.  Sorry Evernote, this is not what I need.
0553801473|3.0|I didn't get this book until a couple weeks ago; I had read the earlier reviews, and I thought, wow, it (the book) has to be better than others wrote.  Well, having read the book now, I see a lot of validity in their comments.  To rehash what was written would be a waste, but, yes, no one of the main characters dies in this book; they all keep getting out of fixes that the author keeps getting them into.  It's almost like there is a commercial coming, so the author has to set up some difficult situation (only to be resolved down the road a bit).  Still, Martin does tell a good tale, and I am really liking the dwarf even if he did kill his father.  Martin shows Tyrion in numerous difficult situations and keeping his wits about him; still, with the plague all about them, it seems a bit much none of the leading characters catch anything. (I am, of course, only talking about the dragon queen portion of the book, not the Seven Kingdom majority of the book.  Arya Stark is a bit much at times with her stubbornness; most people would never have stayed blind once they realized they had the power to end it.  I don't think this book is as well written as some of the earlier ones, but it is still entertaining and worth a read.
B005NPCUC8|3.0|Pink Floyd is my all time favorite band. I listened to my DSTM LP many more times than I can remember. I downloaded this MP3 CD and listened to it with headphones the first time. I was very disappointed to learn who ever remastered this put in \\"hard\\" brief dead space between songs. It is NOT like listenting to the LP. I wish I could return it.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|This was my favorite movie as a child. Just watched it again and it still makes me feel like a kid. Still kinda scared during the pink elephants on parade.
B005X47SQM|5.0|With the way Season 3 ended I wasn't sure how much I was going to like Season 4. A lot of new Characters and major changes. But I love it, the writers and actors who bring the writing to life continue to have me salivating with anticipation for the next episode.   Excellent series, excellent season.
B005LY3VRO|2.0|Well, if you're a fan of Britney Spears, you are likely to have all these remixes, already, because all of them were released on Maxi CDs and digital single EP's. So, don't waste your money.  There are no new mixes here. Furthermore, a remix of ''Hold it against me'' is nowhere to be found, and for Criminal you get the plain (and boring) album version. Not good.  As time goes by, music styles change, and this is especially true of club music. As of 2011, most of these remixes sound dated.  I bet Britney knows nothing, zip, nada about this release. It's just a record company trying to get more cash out of her. Not good!
B004EPZ00W|5.0|Yes! The producer uses a baseball setting to deliver a very strong message, but this is not a movie about baseball. The story takes place around the game of baseball, or rather around the business of baseball. This is a movie about business, the business of any type of organization: private enterprise, government institution or NGO. It's a movie (a real life story actually) about thinking outside the box. It is also about making a buck, but mostly about making a difference. A true life story showing how corporations, government institutions and social organizations should behave today to take our society out of dead center, out of the current crisis and into a new stage of wellbeing.<br />It takes strong convictions and commitment to search for the root causes of a problem --any problem-- and then it takes guts to address those root causes. There are risks involved; you may lose your job, you may be ostracized from your social group and, in some circumstances, you may even get killed. The movie beautifully illustrates how an individual can make a difference by thinking outside the box, listening to others and changing his/her own ways as new events take place and opportunities come about. I highly recommend this movie to anybody whose goal in life is to make a difference; along the way you may also make a few more bucks.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|What a great book and a great author. I couldn't put it down until I'd finished the whole thing. Trouble was, he had so many great ideas that I had an urge to keep zipping off to do the things he suggested. This book kept me up until all hours. I started reading it and kept going until 5.00am then slept a few hours and then finished it. It was great to find someone who finally got me, even though he's never met me, or ever heard of me. John Locke understands self-published authors and knows what we've been though to get our books published. He knows the mountains we've climbed and obstacles we've faced along the way. I'm now a big fan of John Locke and I can't wait to read his other books.<br /><br />Some of the things John suggests in this book, I've already tried, but being an author of children's books I found eBooks harder to sell than paperbacks. Though now I've read this book, I have a new plan and I'm sure my sales will increase. I can't wait to get started. I'm an odd-bod and write about odd things, but it's nice to know that I was heading in the right direction with my strange children's stories and odd blog posts. I now see that I was going about the marketing all wrong. Thank you so much John Locke. You rock! And I can't thank you enough.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book to all authors and bloggers.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0051XSEC2 Star-Crossed Rascals (Adventures of Rascals, Polly and Gertie)]]<br />[[ASIN:B004C05694 Velvet Ball and The Broken Fairy (Velvet and Roseberry)]]<br />[[ASIN:B004XMOI4K Molly Gumnut Rescues a Bandicoot (Adventures of Molly Mavis Gumnut)]]
0887307280|5.0|This book caused a paradigm shift in the way I view my network marketing at home business.  Instead of seeing what I do as selling a product or service, I realized what I was really selling was opportunity.  The book caused me to see my business as a franchise opportunity which significantly expanded my ability to make money.  In addition, the book inspired me to begin a network marketing blog (...) and create a seminar based upon the concepts presented.  I highly recommend the book to anyone looking to start a small business and is looking to expand.  [[ASIN:1885071493 Be a Cop!]]
B005C5A6C0|5.0|The Blackening was incredible but this is actually a stronger album.  easily Machine Head's best work ever.  Every song is amazing.
B004L35GAQ|3.0|Its just ok. only got this because I liked \\"Sail\\" but out of the rest of the cd i only like 4 other songs. the First two arent even songs. Listen to the preview and thats what you get on them. cheap enough but not the best ive ever bought.
B004L07KWQ|5.0|My kids love this app we play tic-tac-toe on it and draw  for a long time . it's perfect for a time killer.
B005UKJX4E|5.0|Intertwined in this film is a series of scenes of how the Earth began, how life began on this planet.  I can't help but wonder how someone in the 1950's would have reacted seeing the creation of life on the screen, the active movements of the universe.  The producer seems to believe in God and believes that it began with purpose by a creator. The characters in the movie are godly and attend church.  The family in the film is dealing with the loss of a son.  And, what most people wonder is, why did God punish me or punish a good family?  I think what I got most out of this film, is that God does not punish, we are free to choose a wise path or the wrong path.  And sometimes we choose the right path, that we think is our destiny, but things don't work out as we'd hoped.  Such as the father not accomplishing his goals). And so it seems it is the same parallel when we lose someone too.  We deal with the pain of loss/death and learn to appreciate and love who and what we have.  We come to a realization that life is limited and love is what makes life worth living.  I don't know about you, but didn't all those scenes of the universe, ocean, creatures just make you appreciate the value of life?  I think that is ultimately what the producer was going for.
B005GVA2L0|1.0|I refuse to just like whatever they put out, because i'm a fan..........i think too many people settle for whatever an artist puts out, just because they're fans of the artist...and/or have had to wait for a while for the artist to produce something new.............but i don't care how much i love them, or how much i've been waiting....good is good, bad is bad.......and THIS, is bad.<br /><br />I don't know if band members have changed or not, but FAR MORE IMPORTANTLY, the music has changed.<br />I'm ALL FOR changing out members..........i'm not the type that gets super-attached to the drummer, bassist, producer, etc.....and i tend not to care if members are changed around. But what i DO care about is the sound. And this band has digressed back to their demo-days........where all their songs sounded the same, and cheap/forgettable[and where Amys voice was HUGELY drowned out by overly-powered background music].<br /><br />It's really a pity. I've been waiting for this for a LONG TIME! And \\"The Open Door\\" was a great successor to \\"Fallen\\"............so i had hope that this would be even better then the last, but it's not.<br /><br />I'm sure some 12-16 year olds, who never listened to, or followed, Evanescence before, will be fine with this. But to anyone who followed Evanescence through \\"Fallen\\" or \\"The Open Door\\", you will be greatly disappointed....and will notice a STARK difference in the music.<br /><br />Out of the whole CD, i can only say that one song was HALF okay .......and that was #7; \\"Lost In Paradise\\"<br />It started out with just Amy and the Piano, which is what made it so nice..........but even with just her, the lyrics/musicality of it all, was poor, compared to other Piano+Amy tracks of the past, such as \\"Good Enough\\".<br />BUT, unlike \\"Good Enough\\", \\"Lost In Paradise\\" doesn't stay a Piano-track, the rest of the band kicks in, and it goes from an alrightish 6/10, to a suckish 1or2/10....like the rest of the album.<br /><br />Now when i say, \\"all the song sounds the same\\", i'm not kidding you. Sure, the lyrics, and other small things, might be different, but generally speaking........it all sounds the same.<br /><br />I can't tell you how bummed i am about this........<br />Being a HUGE fan of theirs, i was really excited. But like a lot of other artist as of recent, they've fallen flat on their latest album..........I think it might be the 3rd or 4th album curse. Isn't Beyonce on her 3rd/4th album? And while i've never been a fan of her genre or music, i've noticed that her latest crap is just plain-horrid and weak in comparison to all her other work! So i'm wondering if there's some 3rd/4th-album curse floating around..........<br />I think artist are trying far TOO hard to do something \\"different\\".......they're feeling pressure from new acts, or in general........but so many are failing hard.....and sadly, Evanescence has just failed REAL HARD with this one. =(and other small things, might be different, but generally speaking........it all sounds the same.  I can't tell you how bummed i am about this........  Being a HUGE fan of theirs, i was really excited. But like a lot of other artist as of recent, they've fallen flat on their latest album..........I think it might be the 3rd or 4th album curse. Isn't Beyonce on her 3rd/4th album? And while i've never been a fan of her genre or music, i've noticed that her latest crap is just plain-horrid and weak in comparison to all her other work! So i'm wondering if there's some 3rd/4th-album curse floating around..........  I think artist are trying far TOO hard to do something \\"different\\".......they're feeling pressure from new acts, or in general........but so many are failing hard.....and sadly, Evanescence has just failed REAL HARD with this one. =(
B0058WFO06|5.0|I am a relative recent fan of Steven Wilson.I got into Porcupine Tree about 3 odd years ago and therefore am more familier with his PT catalogue, this is my first experience of his solo work and I must say I'm completely blown by it.  I will not give detials on songs as most of the reviews have covered the songs pretty well. I will give an over all feel of the album from the perspective of a PT fan listening to Steven's solo work for the first time.  Though not as mainstream as the PT albums in respect to the riffs or the vocal consistency there are elements in this album that reminds one of PT (the slower ballads). That said, this album is far greater in breadth and depth and though a casual listener may not be able to appreciate this album much any investment of multiple listens will give the listener pleasure as great if not greater than the more popular PT releases. The intricacies and depth of some of the songs is mind boggling. Small twists and build ups with classic melody and instrumental passages  at times slow that work towards atmosphere creation with keys, Synths (not being a musician I may be a bit off track here) guitar and background vocals and at other times jazz/70's influenced passages.   As indicated in other reviews the first CD is more mainstream, the second is darker and far more experimental with the exceptionally brilliant 23 minute 'Raiders II', a slow snail paced start to a fantastic instrumental build up with flute (or flute sounding instrument) and quite a few twists and turns. If you are willing to put the effort and give time to this song it will more than repay you with many listens with ever changing favourite parts for you. I disagree with some posts stating this song is too long and would have been better if shortened. To me this could be amongst the real great 20 minuters ever.  All in all this album needs a few listens to grow on you as any good progressive album should. Steven Wilson has not disappointed and has made a gem, the production of the album is fantastic a forgone conclusion given that Steven is at the helm. Opeth's 'Heritage' is also a great record to come out at this time and comparissons between the two is bound to happen considering the close association of Steven with Opeth. I personally feel that this album is more fulfilling than 'Heritage' as it is keeps the listener guessing all the time and flows better.  Overall wonderfull stuff, very rare to get mainstream musicians bringing albums of this quality on personal releases. I feel this will be a classic in the days to come. A fantastic effort by Mr. Wilson.
B003CN4R74|1.0|I don't know if band members have changed or not, but FAR MORE IMPORTANTLY, the music has changed.<br />I'm ALL FOR changing out members..........i'm not the type that gets super-attached to the drummer, bassist, producer, etc.....and i tend not to care if members are changed around. But what i DO care about is the sound. And this band has digressed back to their demo-days........where all their songs sounded the same, and cheap/forgettable[and where Amys voice was HUGELY drowned out by overly-powered background music].<br /><br />It's really a pity. I've been waiting for this for a LONG TIME! And \\"The Open Door\\" was a great successor to \\"Fallen\\"............so i had hope that this would be even better then the last, but it's not.<br /><br />I'm sure some 12-16 year olds, who never listened to, or followed, Evanescence before, will be fine with this. But to anyone who followed Evanescence through \\"Fallen\\" or \\"The Open Door\\", you will be greatly disappointed....and will notice a STARK difference in the music.<br /><br />Out of the whole CD, i can only say that one song was HALF okay .......and that was #7; \\"Lost In Paradise\\"<br />It started out with just Amy and the Piano, which is what made it so nice..........but even with just her, the lyrics/musicality of it all, was poor, compared to other Piano+Amy tracks of the past, such as \\"Good Enough\\".<br />BUT, unlike \\"Good Enough\\", \\"Lost In Paradise\\" doesn't stay a Piano-track, the rest of the band kicks in, and it goes from an alrightish 6/10, to a suckish 1or2/10....like the rest of the album.<br /><br />Now when i say, \\"all the song sounds the same\\", i'm not kidding you. Sure, the lyrics, and other small things, might be different, but generally speaking........it all sounds the same.<br /><br />I can't tell you how bummed i am about this........<br />Being a HUGE fan of theirs, i was really excited. But like a lot of other artist as of recent, they've fallen flat on their latest album..........I think it might be the 3rd or 4th album curse. Isn't Beyonce on her 3rd/4th album? And while i've never been a fan of her genre or music, i've noticed that her latest crap is just plain-horrid and weak in comparison to all her other work! So i'm wondering if there's some 3rd/4th-album curse floating around..........<br />I think artist are trying far TOO hard to do something \\"different\\".......they're feeling pressure from new acts, or in general........but so many are failing hard.....and sadly, Evanescence has just failed REAL HARD with this one. =(hile i've never been a fan of her genre or music, i've noticed that her latest crap is just plain-horrid and weak in comparison to all her other work! So i'm wondering if there's some 3rd/4th-album curse floating around..........  I think artist are trying far TOO hard to do something \\"different\\".......they're feeling pressure from new acts, or in general........but so many are failing hard.....and sadly, Evanescence has just failed REAL HARD with this one. =(
0439023521|5.0|When I first heard about the Hunger Games I was completely turned off. A book about teenagers fighting to the death? Sick, sadistic and just plain weird! Once it became increasingly popular, however, I decided to give it a go. And what a surprise it threw me! I was entranced from the first of many sarcastic comments made by Katniss on page one. I quickly realized that this book was not a complete bloodbath. It's about finding who you are in the toughest of circumstances. It's about love, endurance and passion. Yes, futuristic worlds are a little farfetched, but of all scifi books I've read, this is by far the most relatable and understandable one.  Katniss Everdeen, District 12, has more than a few worries. Living in the coal district, in what used to be Appalachia, Katniss is overwhelmed with the ordeals of hunting and selling game without being caught, keeping her sister and mother alive, making up for her father's death by coal mine explosion, and, of course, the possibility of her name being called at the reaping.   Peter Mallock, District 12, has his own worries. Steering clear of his volatile mother, his name being called in the reaping, and how to tell the girl, whom he's never talked to, he loves her.   SPOILER ALERT  This year is the first year Prim, Katniss's sister will have her name in the reaping, but Katniss isn't to scared. After all, her sister name was only put in once, what are the odds of her being chosen. However, when odds are quite obviously against the Everdeens, Katniss must step in an take her sisters place. Along with Katniss, Peetas name is chosen as well. Now they must fight to pay overdue debts, make it back home, sort out some feelings, and stay true to themselves.
B005QPGHQU|1.0|I don't know if band members have changed or not, but FAR MORE IMPORTANTLY, the music has changed.<br />I'm ALL FOR changing out members..........i'm not the type that gets super-attached to the drummer, bassist, producer, etc.....and i tend not to care if members are changed around. But what i DO care about is the sound. And this band has digressed back to their demo-days........where all their songs sounded the same, and cheap/forgettable[and where Amys voice was HUGELY drowned out by overly-powered background music].<br /><br />It's really a pity. I've been waiting for this for a LONG TIME! And \\"The Open Door\\" was a great successor to \\"Fallen\\"............so i had hope that this would be even better then the last, but it's not.<br /><br />I'm sure some 12-16 year olds, who never listened to, or followed, Evanescence before, will be fine with this. But to anyone who followed Evanescence through \\"Fallen\\" or \\"The Open Door\\", you will be greatly disappointed....and will notice a STARK difference in the music.<br /><br />Out of the whole CD, i can only say that one song was HALF okay .......and that was #7; \\"Lost In Paradise\\"<br />It started out with just Amy and the Piano, which is what made it so nice..........but even with just her, the lyrics/musicality of it all, was poor, compared to other Piano+Amy tracks of the past, such as \\"Good Enough\\".<br />BUT, unlike \\"Good Enough\\", \\"Lost In Paradise\\" doesn't stay a Piano-track, the rest of the band kicks in, and it goes from an alrightish 6/10, to a suckish 1or2/10....like the rest of the album.<br /><br />Now when i say, \\"all the song sounds the same\\", i'm not kidding you. Sure, the lyrics, and other small things, might be different, but generally speaking........it all sounds the same.<br /><br />I can't tell you how bummed i am about this........<br />Being a HUGE fan of theirs, i was really excited. But like a lot of other artist as of recent, they've fallen flat on their latest album..........I think it might be the 3rd or 4th album curse. Isn't Beyonce on her 3rd/4th album? And while i've never been a fan of her genre or music, i've noticed that her latest crap is just plain-horrid and weak in comparison to all her other work! So i'm wondering if there's some 3rd/4th-album curse floating around..........<br />I think artist are trying far TOO hard to do something \\"different\\".......they're feeling pressure from new acts, or in general........but so many are failing hard.....and sadly, Evanescence has just failed REAL HARD with this one. =(hile i've never been a fan of her genre or music, i've noticed that her latest crap is just plain-horrid and weak in comparison to all her other work! So i'm wondering if there's some 3rd/4th-album curse floating around..........  I think artist are trying far TOO hard to do something \\"different\\".......they're feeling pressure from new acts, or in general........but so many are failing hard.....and sadly, Evanescence has just failed REAL HARD with this one. =(
B0042EJD8A|1.0|Most folks that I know that tried to watch this movie fell asleep before the end.  Save your money, or get a real documentary like Dear Zachary.
B005JU5JTI|4.0|I thought this movie was hilarious.  I liked the sarcastic humor used by Diaz and Segel.  Timberlake is freaking hilarious as the dorky substitute teacher.
B0000041JU|5.0|Whether you are accustomed to hearing the orchestral or original piano version of \\"Pictures,\\" this version will amaze you.  Pogorelech brings something fresh to everything he flawlessly interprets - correct to the score but yet his own invention.  Don't miss this experience.  Close your eyes and as you listen and you can actually see those museum pictures.  A masterful performance of unrivaled depth.
0765326353|5.0|I'd like to say, first of all, that this is an amazing book. Sanderson to date is one of my favourite fantasy authors, and I thoroughly enjoy his work nearly all the time, which is pretty amazing. I'll try to avoid overt spoilers in this review, but hey, it might kind of happen.<br /><br />Now, to be honest, I didn't actually mean to buy this book. I bought a signed copy of Warbreaker (because I was so touched by his speech about the RIAA! sniff) and The Way of Kings was also signed to me by accident, so I ended up somehow getting both books. I was a little nonplussed, but hey... it must have been fate! Well, then, who am -I- to stand against that. :D<br /><br />With great good luck, Sanderson's skill in writing fantasy epics with one book will pull through here. The Way of Kings is the start of a 10-book epic, and I think what I enjoyed the most about it was the skillful plot arc - it started at a good point, it ended with a rousing climax and most of the glaring plot threads tied, and it left just enough unsaid to feel like I really want the second book out, now. It was compact, strong, plot-heavy, and there were no (alright, so maybe there were a few) Robert Jordan-like bits in which whole books might just start, end, and not really solve anything other than pushing the characters along a couple days.<br /><br />That isn't to say that The Way of Kings doesn't have its flaws. Sanderson's usual problems are unfortunately magnified here due to sheer length. World-building and plot-weaving are his great strengths, but his prose is still very plain, so while it doesn't detract, neither does it really add depth in the way that truly excellent prose does. I spent a little while in the prologue unwittingly fascinated by the sheer amount of short sentences until I pulled myself together and focused on the book.<br /><br />Secondly, I would also venture to say that the switches between characters jarred me a great deal - not simply because I didn't want my time with them to end, but because I feel that one main character every other chapter was too frequent of a switch. I would be just getting into someone's skin, and then wham--! I would be in someone else's. (I'm not quite sure if that made any sense... oh well.) I also found several character POVs more interesting than others - I commend, for instance, nearly every chapter with Kaladin in it. Of all the characters in this book, Kaladin is the most developed by far, and also the most relatable. Being an ordinary mortal, he suffers from things that us ordinary mortals can understand, and I admit there's always the thrill of watching the underdog rise. Dalinar, however, I was often bored with - it seemed to me that he spent a lot of time rushing around frantically doing things that meant nothing in the end. (Actually, I felt that Dalinar's chapters were a lot like how his son described him: petty politics, petty politics, paperwork, paperwork, HOO-AH HOO-AH AMAZING HEROISM, paperwork, paperwork.)<br /><br />Shallan is not bad. As another reviewer described, she does remind me a little of Warbreaker... but not too awfully. Jasnah is a good foil to her, and Shallan does have this magnificently creepy scene, which was, well, magnificently creepy. (Speaking of being reminded of things, though, God reminds me of the Mistborn plot a whole lot.)<br /><br />Frankly, the worst thing about this book were what I privately call Brandon's masochism scenes. There were a glut of them in Mistborn 3; those scenes where you /know/ something awful is going to happen, and you know exactly what it is, and that this scene contains it, and all you can do is plough through it, cringe, and move on as quickly as possible. Kaladins' final flashback is a perfect example of this. I knew who was going to die, and I knew it was going to be awful... and then... and then it was awful. I never should have let Brandon build up a fortress of love and affection in my heart through all those sodding childhood scenes.<br/><br />Masochism chapters happen in every lengthy epic, but the trick (or so I've observed) is to spring them on your readers from a direction they didn't see coming, to someone they didn't figure out, drag howling tears of rage and grief from their eyes, reduce them to a small, sad pile, and then cuddle them all better as best as you can (usually by some truly awesome butt-kicking). This didn't happen at all here; the death was stated outright in the first part of the book, and being a major part of Kaladin's past, there was no way it wasn't going to be there. I spent most of the book dreading 'Kaladin backstory' chapters, found it, forced myself to plow through it, and then left feeling kind of like I just ate something really awful... like this moldy, slightly mushy sweet-glazed pasta I once found in the back of my fridge. That sort of thing happens a lot in Sanderson's work, and it really detracts, both from the enjoyment of the story and from the emotional depth of reading it. You know it's going to happen and there's less impact about it.<br /><br />But, now that I've grandly detailed all my problems, I should list the reasons why I'm giving this a five-star rating. I feel it deserves it. As a book, maybe I've enjoyed some of his others more, but as an introduction to an epic, as a riveting high fantasy novel, and as something that makes you stay up late to read it and gives you cool dreams, it was excellent. As always, Sanderson builds an amazing world with incredible attention to depth and detail - even if it's one with land-lobsters. His handling of the plot is also excellent, and the tension, climax and wind down were all I could ever have asked for. Despite my character complaints, I also did immensely like all of the people introduced. They were quirky, likable, and honourable, with their good days and their bad ones, and all of them had at least a little common sense; hard to come by in a fantasy world.<br /><br />In addition, I thought that the different races were a great touch to add depth to the culture of the world. (That, and Kaladin blushing at a woman's exposed hand. Heh heh.) It wasn't just colour of the skin, which is an easy rut to fall into; people in this book had different cultures, different beliefs, different colours of hair, different tattoos, different everything. It was brilliantly detailed, yet not overwhelming to the reader; and I've always found that to be a large part of Sanderson's genius. The artwork every few chapters was also amazing - not only did it give you insight into how the creatures look, but it also sort of made you feel kinship with Shallan - how can you dislike someone that awesome at art?<br /><br />This is an amazing book and I won't lie; I'm going to be waiting around, panting and drool eagerly for the next. It was compact (as far as plot goes, with no wasted scenes); it was a pageturner; it was, in fact, excellent in nearly all respects. Just because I had a few problems with it is no reason to not read it... again. Go and read it again, guys, because I certainly will.
B005I64U5C|2.0|Though the digital copy is not the biggest thing in buying this movie, I personally like to expand that library as well and well this movie does not provide that.  You cannot put it on your phone or use it on any tablet. You can use it on the ONLY PROGRAM it will let you which I hadn't heard about until I bought it.  Ultraviolet. And well this program will let you use your other digital copy files, it will not permit you to use the property you bought with any other program. it is not a \\"Digital Copy\\" it is an \\"ULTRAVIOLET digital copy\\" ie. worthless.
6305428042|4.0|I remember watching this years ago with my siblings around Halloween time. We laughed at the cheese factor but still loved it nevertheless. Bette Midler is wicked in her role as Winifred, the leader of the Sanderson witches, and Kathy Najimy plays the dumb witch, Mary with Sarah-Jessica Parker playing Sarah, the wannabe temptress witch. All three were hanged back in the 1600s in the town of Salem, MA for practicing witchcraft, but had vowed to return and exact revenge.<br /><br />Fast forward three hundred years later, and there's a new boy in town, Max Denison (Omri katz). Max is cynical about Salem's history and doesn't believe in the Sanderson story. On Halloween night, Max reluctantly takes his little sister, Dani (a very young Thora Birch) trick or treating, and meets up with his dream girl, Allison (Vinessa Shaw). The trio go to the Sanderson house which is reputed to be haunted. When Max defiantly lights up a candle in the house, he releases the spirits of the three wicked witches and all hell breaks loose. The kids' only ally is an immortal black cat, and they have to race against time (before dawn) to ensure the witches do not get their revenge against the children of Salem, and can be destroyed forever.<br /><br />The effects may seem cheesy by today's standards (they were even back then) but it still makes for a fun Halloween watch. The acting is actually pretty good, and Bette Midler in particular shines as the wicked witch who absolutely delights in her role (and it shows). I watched it yesterday with my first grader and she loved it!
B000M343BM|4.0|Seller performed well.  Product arrived ahead of schedule and was as advertised.  The movie is classic to me in that I love baseball and I love comedy.  I saw the movie when it was originally released and have watched it numerous times over the years.  Uecker is classic and remains an icon of the times (80's) not because of his baseball escapades but for his genuine approach to \\"America's pastime.\\"  \\"The post game show is brought to you by...........ah hell, I cant find it.\\"  Classic.
B005I64U5C|4.0|Just so everyone knows I enjoyed the movie, thus the 4 star Rating. As for the 3d version of this movie, I can sum it up like this! The credit have better 3D effects then the movie. I realize this wasn't shot in 3D but man they could have spent more time and effort on the transfer from 2d to 3D. This isn't a movie you would want to show off 3D to friends, its actually one I will never watch again in 3D. Zero depth added most off the time, you get about 15 minutes of 3d effects and its 13 minutes of depth to a scene and 2 minutes of out of screen. Spend your money on Resident Evil Afterlife 3D, actually shot in 3D! You can watch that over and over. As for Animated, go with Monsters VS Aliens, How to train your Dragon, Ice age 3 dawn of 3D. I have watch Monsters Vs Aliens 5 times and my friends marvel at the 3d Effect. I can't in all fairness tell anyone to buy the 3D version of this movie!
B003ES5ZPK|5.0|I can't have too many of these adapters.<br /><br />They go up & down and side to side.<br /><br />I keep them plugged in to all my HDMI ports (input & output) on my receiver, PS3, Blu-ray player, cable box, etc. at all times in case I need to disconnect & re-connect the HDMI cables.<br /><br />My TV stand is mostly closed in the back making it difficult to attach the cables to my receiver, etc.  All I do is have one of these already plugged into the port I need & the up/down, side/side adapter allows me to attach it immediately without any hassle.<br /><br />It is also great if you need to dis-connect/connect frequently because you are plugging into the adapter & not directly to the device where there might be a strain on the cable & you might break the gold ends off.<br /><br />Take my advice, stock up on this little adapters before I buy out the entire stock.
B004UBM4TA|5.0|The DVD is fantastic. The colors and sharpness are so clear you would think you were right there with them. I really enjoyed the video of the galaxies and star clusiers. Excellent DVD.
0545265355|4.0|I only discovered this trilogy when I heard about it being turned into a movie trilogy. Shameful, I know, but I don't know how else I would have learned about books that live in the \\"Young Adult\\" section of the library? That said, the story is interesting, and based on everything I've been told about Twilight, Katniss makes for a much better female lead than Bella. At least she's strong and confident. I do admit that Book 3 (Mockingjay) is pretty predictable as far as dystopia stories go, but there are some parts of the trilogy that I read over and over again, because they are so vividly described, or thought-provoking, or moving.
1594744769|4.0|Every so often, I say just how surprised I am by certain books and after reading Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children, I can now add it to the list! When my friend first suggested this for our book club pick I just about died. I was thinking there was no way in heck that I would actually enjoy a book that looks like that. The cover creeped me out like no other and I was sure I would begin to get nightmares after reading this. However, once I actually got started, I found it to be a highly more enjoyable book than I could have ever anticipated with many twists and turns included throughout to help grab my attention.<br /><br />The main character, Jacob, was hard to connect with near the beginning of the story. He seemed distant and unattached from reality. The way he talked with his friend and interacted with his parents, all just seemed off for me. However, once the storyline got rolling, I was able to understand and appreciate the character and all of his quirks.<br /><br />Jacob's trip to the faraway island with his father was a very special trip meant to give Jacob a break after the death of his grandfather. However, the trip also means that Jacob finally gets the chance to hunt down Miss Peregrine and hopefully find some answers regarding his grandfather's death. The trip served a much higher purpose then just that though! Not only did Jacob get to solve the mystery of his grandfather's life and death, but he allows himself to grow as a person. I loved seeing how quiet and awkward he was before the trip and then during the trip he becomes adventurous and more confident with himself. It was definitely during this trip that I really began to care for Jacob as a character. I was rooting for him and wishing he would be able to find out everything he was in search of.<br /><br />The sense of mystery regarding Miss Peregrine and the peculiar children kept me guessing for a majority of the book. I was desperately trying to put the pieces together right along with Jacob. To say I was surprised when learning the truth about the long-gone peculiar children, is a bit of an understatement. I hate to call this a paranormal book because it just doesn't have that type of feel, instead I think it is more of a twisted reality. The way the author takes reality and mixes it with these crazy things that are so out-of-this world they almost seemed possible, is really quite genius. The idea behind what the peculiar children actually are and how they can still have contact with the world after years and years of their alleged death just astounds me. You can tell the author put a whole lot of thought and creativity into making this world.<br /><br />Even though the mystery was a huge part of the story, what really stole the whole show were the antique photographs throughout the whole entire story. I mean adding the pictures to this book (or maybe adding the book to the pictures. It just depends on how you look at it) was the most brilliant idea ever! It is through these photographs that we get to meet most of the peculiar children. A young girl who floats, another girl with a mouth on the back of her head. An invisible boy who can sneak around undetected. The author placed pictures that fit character and scene descriptions so well at all the right places in the story. I enjoyed \\"meeting\\" each and every character in the story but having a picture in there of them just made it a bit more special. I have long out-grown picture books but now I just may have to pick a few up especially if they are anything like this book! I would say the story would be enjoyable without the pictures in it but in reality, the pictures bring something new and unique to the table. Never have I read a young adult book that used so many odd pictures to help tell a story. Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children is a book I will likely never forget!d when learning the truth about the long-gone peculiar children, is a bit of an understatement. I hate to call this a paranormal book because it just doesn't have that type of feel, instead I think it is more of a twisted reality. The way the author takes reality and mixes it with these crazy things that are so out-of-this world they almost seemed possible, is really quite genius. The idea behind what the peculiar children actually are and how they can still have contact with the world after years and years of their alleged death just astounds me. You can tell the author put a whole lot of thought and creativity into making this world.  Even though the mystery was a huge part of the story, what really stole the whole show were the antique photographs throughout the whole entire story. I mean adding the pictures to this book (or maybe adding the book to the pictures. It just depends on how you look at it) was the most brilliant idea ever! It is through these photographs that we get to meet most of the peculiar children. A young girl who floats, another girl with a mouth on the back of her head. An invisible boy who can sneak around undetected. The author placed pictures that fit character and scene descriptions so well at all the right places in the story. I enjoyed \\"meeting\\" each and every character in the story but having a picture in there of them just made it a bit more special. I have long out-grown picture books but now I just may have to pick a few up especially if they are anything like this book! I would say the story would be enjoyable without the pictures in it but in reality, the pictures bring something new and unique to the table. Never have I read a young adult book that used so many odd pictures to help tell a story. Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children is a book I will likely never forget!
B004EPZ07U|3.0|Based upon word of mouth, Green Lantern was a pass for me when it hit theaters. Despite the excitement I felt during the film's development, it gets a bargain bin rating now that I've finally seen it.   Not a terrible film, but not something to pick up at full price either. It might be a fair value when it drops to ten bucks and under. Apart from contemporary effects, this is the Green Lantern movie that we could have expected in the late eighties or early nineties alongside the Keaton Batman films and the John Wesley Shipp Flash TV series. Reynold's Green Lantern would have been right at home in those superhero worlds, not least of all for the scream-queening of Peter Sarsgaard as Hector Hammond and the goofy nature of some of Hal Jordan's ring constructs.  The film has more than a few flaws, but for me the greatest disappointment was the lack of integration between the events on Earth and those in space. This should have been a story of awe and wonder on an incredible scale, yet each time my imagination began to soar I found it yanked back down to a clumsy, two-dimensional Earth.  There were also some playback issues--even following an update--with this Blu-Ray disc that I haven't been able to troubleshoot yet. Having watched the extended edition only and found it wanting, I'm left wondering if I wouldn't have been happier buying the bare bones DVD edition and saving the cash and the trouble.
1452101248|5.0|I bought this book on Wednesday and have made three recipes to date.  AWESOME!  And I am not a vegetarian.  They are easy to make.  The combintation of vegetables and spices and cheese truly result in a \\"party in my mouth\\".  Everything about this book is lush.  The cover has a bounce to it.  The photos are riveting.  The recipes are easy to follow.  The ingredients are easy to find.  I'm making the sweet potatoes with sherry tomatoes and parsnips tonite.  And have just order two books for gifts.
B004EPZ07U|4.0|I was expecting the worst. This is a nice popcorn flick. Ryan Reynolds has the charm necessary to pull of the role!
B001GZ6QDS|3.0|If you have not seen this movie already, but heard all the praise it has received, and so are feeling curious, a word of advice: before you buy, first go out and rent it, or get it from an online service such as Amazon, Netflix, etc., watch it, and then make up your mind.  This film has some amazing special effects, excellent performances by two great actors, playing the roles of a major character (the late Heath Ledger), and a minor one (the wonderful Michael Caine), and competent work by everybody else. There is a lot of jumping from tall buildings photographed from the point of view of the jumper (and am told vertigo-inducing in the giant-screen Imax version), and lots of big explosions, including the controlled demolition of a hospital. There is an eye-popping crowd scene of a funeral procession by uniformed policemen in downtown \\"Gotham\\" (Chicago), and more, much more. That one, like many other sequences in city streets, did leave me wondering: \\"How did they do that? It's just CGI? Can't be!\\"   And the movie can be really, really scary at times (so: not for young children).  There is also what passes for deep pondering of issues existential and moral, and explicit and implicit mediations on the ambiguities of human nature; of good, evil, moral purpose versus nihilism, and so forth. These profound issues are discussed (whenever cars are not being demolished, people shot dead point-blank, and buildings blown up) mostly between a psychopath with the face smeared with runny clown's paint and a man in tights wearing a bat costume.   There is humor, unremittingly black, delivered non-stop by the \\"Joker\\", which is fair enough. But that is all the humor there is.  Since the original Tim Burton's \\"Batman\\" movie that started the franchise, the plots have grown progressively darker, more angst-ridden, and more self-conscious. This later movie not only tops them all as far as darkness goes, but also adds a huge helping of sadism for good measure. And it does so without thesaving grace of a young Michelle Pfeiffer cavorting in a tight Catwoman costume.  I am not going to go as far as to say that one must like bare-fist boxing to fully enjoy this movie, but it might help. I should add that I am a fan of Quentin Tarantino's movies, so violence per se does not turn me off. The real issue is whether violence is there as just one ingredient in an ingenious mix of dark and light, sweet and sour, spiced with brilliant dialog and some hot ass-kicking beauties, as in most QT's movies, or -- as it seems to me was the case here -- the team that produced it put the almost non-stop sadistic violence in their reimagining of the original superheroe vs. supervillain comic books, because they could.  But this is just a one-man's opinion. If you try it out as a rental and then decide it is worth having it at home for future viewings, then, by all means, go ahead, buy it, and enjoy.
B000GPIPT2|3.0|I enjoyed this updated Frankenstein and its extras; however, I was very disappointed that the encounter with the blind man was entirely missing from this version. Did I receive a bogus copy??? I thought the blind man interaction with the monster was very important to movie.
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|I am always on the lookout for a good true story....then I saw a preview of Soul Surfer. I knew I had to see this movie. Unfortunately, for us shift workers, sometimes this doesn't always work out, so Hooray for DVD/Blu-Ray! I absolutely loved this movie. It has some sad moments, some reconnecting moments and then some truly inspirational moments. Dennis Quaid & Helen Hunt are great as always, but it's AnnaSophia Robb as Bethany Hamilton that steals the show. I've ended lending this movie to some of my workmates - even their husbands sat down and watched it. I would highly recommend this movie, if you like true stories that have everything except for endless gunfights & car chases. Easily a 5 star film!
B004GXAZL6|2.0|After read the 20% of this book I was seriously thinking if really Baldacci wrote this book or not. After read the 50%, I was also thinking if Baldacci mistook Oliver Stone with Michelle Maxwell and Sean King. I am so sorry, but if you really enjoyed the Camel Club serie, please do not read this book. I hope in the next Oliver Stone adventure we could get back him and the Camel Club.
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|Great story. read in 2 days. Couldn't put it down. Some of his books are harder to get into but this kept your interest right from the beginning.
1934429821|5.0|This book is much smaller than I had imagined, but I absolutely love it.  Full of wonderful images.  If you love Charlie Harper, you will love this book.
B004SUDQ8Q|5.0|AWESOME!!!  This movie is so moving!  The family values that were instilled at a young age allowed those young ladies to go back to their home some 1500 miles away.  This is an inspiration to keep going once we've started our trek.  It will be long.  It will have obstacles but most important, we will have each other to encourage us along the way.
B004GYY714|3.0|I used to use this app all the time, but since they started including ads I really haven't utilized it.  It is really nice to be able to listen to stations that aren't local, though...
B004QZ9PLU|4.0|I enjoyed the love story, and the way the characters' stories were interwoven.  However, I found it to be fairly predictable.  I could see what he was unfolding as the ending played out, but it still snagged my heart and made me cry because of the beautiful way he tells a story.  Overall, I loved the story- even if some of it was predictable.
B005LY4B0A|2.0|works on phone but not tablets images are all over the place. would be 4 stars if could get it to be flexible
B005I64U5C|1.0|I have hated and despised my Ultraviolet experience.  You have to sign-up for at least two accounts (UV and Netflix is my example).  Neither of which seems to be able to show me Green Lantern (can't even find it to stream it).  Much less download it to my iPad.  Geez, I feel like such a sap.  Never again will I touch another movie that offers UV for my \\"digital download\\".
1416549447|5.0|I began reading this book at the library and decided I needed a copy for myself and my kids as they are running cross country in school - great info for safe and fulfilling lifelong exercise!
0385534639|2.0|I was so excited to get this book from the library(so glad I did now)I research most books before buying and if I had to have waited any longer I would have bought this book.As it was it came in just as I was ready to go ahead and buy it.I can`t believe the high ratings from my fellow readers.I got to the halfway point and was so bored and just did not care for either of the main characters Marco and Celia.  Not enough insight into the characters .by that I mean the reason they did things just left me wondering and finally just not caring.Some have compared this to the Harry Potter books REALLY?in what way none that I could see.Overall it was not awful but not something I would ever tell my friends to buy.
B004N66XYE|3.0|I was disappointed in this new version of Upstairs Downstairs.  I loved the old one.  It was good to see Jean Marsh again but the story line is not nearly as good.
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|This is one of the most entertainment series in the past months,buy it confident ,good action and characters performance !
B0050VI5SI|3.0|The album is FULL of fun, danceable tracks, but the overall sound and tone falls in line with recent pop trends (Passion Pit). Since the album does not do anything revolutionary, I am only giving it 3/5 stars. I'd also like to make a correction. Many people and the band's Wikipedia page categorize them as \\"Indie\\". Unfortunately, if your songs are used in movies, on TV shows, commercials, video games, and you are on Columbia Records, you are NOT Indie. I'm sure this is a mislabeling case by the press or individuals online. I'm not sure if the band labeled themselves as \\"Indie\\". Regardless, I am in LOVE with this album and the band itself. Get the album and see them live.I saw them at the Austin City Limits Festival and they know how to put on a good show! :)
B004UHF51S|5.0|Great songs in the inimitable Michael Franks style.  It was about time for another great album from him, and, as usual, Mr. Franks did not disappoint.
B004EPZ08O|5.0|This movie out of all of the final destination movies was for sure my absolute favorite.  I watched this movie alone too so that makes it even better.  There were many times in the movie when i jumped, cringed, and even felt nauseous.  I loved the ending and essentially the entire movie itself.  My favorite before this one was number 3 but seriously this one tops it by a lot.  FD4 was essentially worthless but I saw it anyway and 1 & 2 were too slow for me.  5 jumped right in gave a little backstory and ended with a bang.  Well worth whatever they are charging for it and I REALLY don't wanna wait until December to buy the DVD.
B0000DIXDR|5.0|This is probably one of my favorite guilty pleasure movies, it's cheesy, romantic with songs and dancing that I secretly love! Put it simply it's a classic and I love every minute of it.
B00004YZFR|1.0|I saw it second run - maybe in 1972.    It might be a well made film.  The music may be tremendous.  Once I saw Hell's Angels kill on film, it was not about the music or about the quality of the film.  You see in the early seventies, I was tired of seeing death.  We just had years of Viet Nam on network news.  I did not wanna see any more.    Now, we do not see the reality of war.  We do see massive amounts of gore in commercial film.  Too many people are used to see death in the multiplex or on cable.  I avoid those films.
0736092269|5.0|This book was recommended to me by my weight training instructor. She has a masters in kinesiology, and she used to be the US Women's National Volleyball Team, so I really trust her opinion. This book has great breakdowns of muscle groups and exercises for building them. The pictures really help emphasize which muscle groups are worked by which exercises. I highly recommend this book to anyone interested in strength training.
0740797719|5.0|After getting past the hokey cover, the information in this book is great. He is well informed in how light affects the objects it hits. His color and light theory are bang on. I have learned, and continue to learn from this book. I didn't buy it for the longest time because of the cover image. My painting instructor finally insisted on me getting it. He is right. It is a book full of wonderful information. There are amazing paintings inside. Sadly, they are not on the cover.... :/
B000HEWEJO|5.0|This movie is a Christmas tradition for my family. This version has great additions such as \\"The making of Its a Wonderful Life\\". There are interviews with Frank Capra and Jimmy Stewart. Well worth the price.
B005JU5JTI|5.0|I'm not sure why everyone is so hard on this movie?! It's a funny, silly, no-brainer comedy that my honey and I enjoyed on a Friday night. It's not going to win any academy awards. But it's silly entertainment.
B002GHHHPQ|5.0|The DVD promptly arrived after my order was placed.  It was packaged well and no damage occured during shipping.  DVD and cover was in new/excellent condiction.  The movie was a great classic and my family all enjoyed watching it during our \\"Movie Night.\\"  The DVD was an excellent value and no tax, shipping or handling cost was added.
B004WGKWZ6|5.0|It is a short book of 216 pages , in bold print .I read it in about five hours in three sittings .It is an outstanding novel  not only on  the Holocaust but also on childhood , innocence , ignorance,friendship and loneliness.It is unforgettable .Its impact remains on you long after you have finished reading it .<br />Bruno is the nine year old hero of this novel.His father works for the Fury(Hitler), and gets transferred from Berlin to Out-With(Auschwitz).Bruno , his 12 years old sister Gretel  and his parents move over to the new place .Bruno feels lonely , in the absence of friends , and the strange sight of  people wearing striped pyjamas  on the other side of fence.(On the other side is a concentration camp).<br />Then one day , on his long solitary walks , he meets Shmuel , a boy from the other side of  the  fence (He is a Jew).Without knowing each others' background , they become friends .They meet and play regularly , but without crossing the fence often .They do little things , talk about each other 's place of living  and other child like things.Bruno keeps this friendship a secret , and tells a lie when others ask him about it .<br /> After about a year , Bruno's mother gets her way and persuades his father to send the family back to Berlin , while his father continues at Out-With.A day before leaving , Bruno crosses the fence to explore the other side, and never returns . . . . The end is so sudden an tragic that it haunts the reader for ever .<br />The book brings out the horrors of atrocities in concentration camps , without being explicit .On the other hand , when , like children , you do not discriminate human beings on the grounds of race , caste , religion , gender , language or place of birth , you create , develop and maintain friendships for a long time .
B000007UTN|5.0|Vinyl is an excellent way to hear Radiohead, a band wich deserves be heared with a high definition and clarity in each sound.
B004EPZ07U|2.0|I share everyone else's outrage over the UltraViolet Digital Copy. When I placed my order on Amazon, it only listed \\"digital copy\\". I tend to order in advance and I have never needed to re-check the wording afterwards on any other orders. (After receiving this travesty of a \\"digital copy\\" I have gone back and cancelled my order for \\"Harry Potter & the Deathly Hallows Part Two \\"digital copy\\" version since it also contains the Ultraviolet version). I may have to stop ordering in advance since it defeats the efficiency of pre-ordering if I have to go back in and re-check my orders constantly to make sure the wording hasn't changed. My other concern is that this is the movie studios way of getting me to spend more money. Now to get the versions I usually buy, I would have to spend $19.99 for Blue Ray version and then have to spend another $14.99 to buy a standard version on ITunes. It may be worth it in the long run not to have to buy any more \\"Ultraviolet\\" junk. Like everyone else, I already have too many accounts, too many passwords, too many whatevers to keep up with. Why do I need another headache??
B004EPYZZ8|5.0|If you are offended by a positive portrayal of Christianity, avoid this picture. Otherwise, this is a must see movie. Film critic Roger Moore considered this the best faith movie made (at least of recent years -- I doubt he's saying this is better than classics like \\"Ben Hur\\", \\"The Ten Commandments\\", \\"Lillies Of The Field\\" and \\"Chariots of Fire\\"). But I consider this movie to be more comparable with \\"Rocky\\" than \\"Facing The Giants\\".<br /><br />This movie is very well put together. Let me give an example. Towards the beginning of the movie, the main character and others are going to an outdoor church service. You know it's a church service because a band is singing the praise song \\"Blessed Be The Name of the Lord\\". For those familiar with the lyrics, the song is about praising God in good times and in tough times, when He gives and when He takes away. The song's theme was particularly relevant to the movie.<br /><br />This movie is based on a true story. The real family are Christians and they lobbied to keep their faith from the editing room floor. Thus, you have a Christian perspective. But I consider this movie to fit more into the genre of a sports movie than a faith movie. The main character is a competitive athlete. The villain in the film is not the shark but the main rival. The climax does not deal with overcoming fear of returning to the water (there wasn't really any) or the struggles with lacking an arm, but with the competitor leaving their all on the court -- or in this case, the waves.<br /><br />Another note. Some reviewers don't like any Christianity in the movie. But this movie is not preachy. It deals with how their faith impacted their life, but there are no conversion scenes. There is a missions trip, but that trip is more humanitarian than obvertly a preaching tour.<br /><br />Knowing the theme, I was surprised the movie only had a PG rating, without the unlucky number following it. Seeing it, I can see why. Of course, parents, watch the film with your children and discuss the aspects with them.<br /><br />I don't expect any Oscar buzz about this movie. But it definitely is worth your time.with them.   I don't expect any Oscar buzz about this movie. But it definitely is worth your time.
B0055S348W|5.0|This app its amazing! It actually makes having files on your phone practical. Instead of putting it on a flash drive like normal, just tap into your network. Easy to use, works like a charm too. Love it
B005ELQVGW|3.0|Biophilia is the new album, for me so far her worst.  While it saves the listener quite extreme total failures, as they were on the Volta \\"Timbaland tracks\\", but Biophilia is almost  by the bank through long-winded, repetitive and simple.  About the music:  The 10 pieces (or 13 in the Spec. Ed.) have all roughly the same pace. The effect tiring in the long run. Exciting, catchy melodies, one searches in vain. For this there are often simple, repetitive loops and beats.  Partial proceeds past an album without having to remember what you've actually heard.  The song:  Technically, this song is sound like we are used by Mrs. Gudmundsdottir. However, there are hardly any games or experiments. The volume and pitch almost don´t vary on this album compared to other Björk albums.  The texts:  Thematically it's about the creation of matter, life, existence and decay.  The entire proceeds but so so textbook-like, that you feel is reminiscent of amateur classes in biology, physics and chemistry.  The luster pearls:  The only piece of what really fascinates me is \\"Thunderbolt\\". It has a very strong bass line and grabs you with immediately. \\"Thunderbolt\\" is a track that sounds worked out new, fresh and at the same time very well.  \\"Virus\\" and \\"Moon\\" are also still quite audible.  The total failures:  \\"Hollow\\" and \\"Dark Matter\\" are two pieces that defy musical accessibility and give me any personal listening pleasure.  On \\"Cosmogony\\", however, bothers me that I am very strongly of the musical play \\"When The Body Speaks\\" (from the album Exciter) reminiscent of Depeche Mode.  Since I am a big fan and so far all albums (with limiting Volta) was very good, Biophilia is a big disappointment for me.  Perhaps in the future Björk should  again concentrate on the essential, namely the music and reject that whole Apple Application insanity.  Then again maybe happy you are with the music.
B002LFPAUC|1.0|I bought the Fawlty Towers series on American Amazon, only to discover that is cannot be played on American DVD players. Very frustrating; Amazon needs to protect its customers more than this, ezpecially as it continues to devour other retailers. This makes me furious as a long time Amazon user.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The STAR WARS: Complete Saga Blu-ray box set is amazing! 9 blu-ray discs total, packed with tons of extras and bonus features.<br /><br />The best, of course, is seeing the original trilogy brilliantly restored in full 1080p.<br /><br />Not only is the imagery spectacular, but Ben Burtt's ingenious sound design and John William's majestic score are absolutely stunning.<br /><br />Not only that, but this boxed set of a total of NINE (9) blu-ray discs is available for an unbelievable $90. The average retail price of a single blu-ray movie is around $30, so you're already saving over 65% off retail!<br /><br />This is a must have for Star Wars fans. You will not be disappointed.<br /><br />Pros:<br />All 6 Star Wars feature films in full 1080p HD resolution.<br />3 Bonus blu-ray discs featuring documentaries and bonus material.<br />Stellar sound and image<br /><br />Cons:<br />Blu-ray sleeves are somewhat awkward, but not a big deal.
B000001ESN|5.0|They changed direction here, it's still structured but less complex overall and more electronic. However it takes until Moving Pictures for them to really get into the '80s electronic direction and there isn't as much synthesizer in Permanent Waves. The lyrics change a lot from the sci-fi themes on 2112 and their late '70s discography to other various subjects. Spirit Of The Radio and Freewill are some of my favorite hits from Rush, better than Tom Sawyer in my opinion. Geddy Lee's voice gets better here also and the band shows some maturity. Permanent Waves is the perfect mix of late '70s and early '80s Rush. Everyone has their own favorite from Rush and my choice is Permanent Waves, even though most people would put 2112 or Moving Pictures.
B000001EAQ|5.0|\\"POP\\" might be U2'S most misunderstood album.Press reports at the start of 1997 talking about the album and the forthcoming single \\"Discotheque\\" made it seem like U2 was going all Studio 54 on their fans when really POP was just a natural progression from \\"Zooropa\\" which was a progression from \\"Achtung Baby\\" POP is a mixture of all the elements which made U2's nineties work among it's best to date. Tales of honest human flaws set to rock music with a mix of industrial,electronica and funky soul.   Until U2 finally returned to the concept of non-commerical honest music with NLOTH(2009),POP was U2 at it's creative peak.
B005F82X48|5.0|I stumbled onto this band one night while browsing Amazon, and I'm really glad I did! This album is absolutely phenomenal! The lead singer is a great female vocalist, and the punk/synth rock combo works very well. Standout tracks include \\"Theater,\\" \\"Make A Move,\\" \\"Get Well,\\" and \\"Iodine.\\" There isn't a sub-par track on the entire album.
B0015F1VY8|5.0|i've always been such a fan of cate blanchett, and as in the first movie 'elizabeth', she delivers another stunning performance!  geoffrey rush returns, and clive owen (so foxy in this movie!  normally i don't care all that much for him), as well as samantha morton (another great actress), all give such great performances!  let's put it this way, if you saw the first one and loved it, you're going to love this one as well!  if you've never seen either movie, you should.  if you like historical/period pieces, elizabeth is worth watching.  an amazing woman, strong and passionate, devoted to her country, the sadness in her heart, some of the elements that have made both movies excellent!  i own 'elizabeth' on dvd, i rented 'elizabeth: the golden age', and will have to add it to my dvd collection now, it's that good!!
0385738773|5.0|I've waited for this book ever since I finished The Scorch Trial and it was definitely worth the wait. The first two books has always been on my top favorite list and I wish I could put into words the thoughts and the emotions I had when I read this final book. I expected a lot from it and James Dashner did not disappoint. Welcome back to the maze!<br /><br />The Maze Runner and The Scorch Trials put me on the edge of my seat. They're so hard to put down and I would say the same thing about The Death Cure. It's totally gripping, full of action and suspense. You will keep turning the pages up to the very end. And when you think that you had figured everything out, think again... The brilliant twists and the unexpected turn of events will leave you wanting for more and you'll be surprised by how the author pulled everything together to create a satisfying finale.<br /><br />The Death Cure picked up what the second book left off. Once again, the Gladers and the other survivors are back--Tommy, Minho, Newt, Frypan, Teresa and Brenda. The world that awaits them is even more frightening than the life in the maze... or the scorch... The horrible cranks are everywhere, they have nowhere to turn to, no place to hide... it was a terrifying world. Expect more death and more sacrifices. Be ready to shed some tears as you witness some heart-breaking moments. I can't tell you how much I loved and enjoyed this book. It was amazing and I loved every part of it. I was hooked from the very first page up to the last one. It was intense and it's like a roller coaster ride kind of feeling.<br /><br />I just have a few concerns that I want to honestly point out. Though the ending is satisfying and I find it really good, you might find some questions that hasn't been answered completely and this might leave confusion in the end. There are also some important characters that remained a mystery to me and I keep thinking about them until now. I wish there was some explanations about the past lives of the Gladers especially Tommy, Minho, Newt, Teresa and Brenda, and how they all ended up in WICKED. It didn't answer those questions. Nevertheless, it doesn't change the fact that this is an amazing book, and it's a good finale for a remarkable series.<br /><br />If you haven't seen the maze and you haven't met the Gladers, I urge you to read The Maze Runner Trilogy. It's a series of heart-gripping, heart-wrenching, and heart-throbbing novels that will undoubtedly put you at the edge of your seat. With the engaging plot, terrifying setting, and a whole pack of amazing characters, you wouldn't be able to put down this book. You will never be disappointed.<br /><br />I will always remember the maze and the Gladers I've grown to love. I'm going to miss those awesome shuck-faces!ly Tommy, Minho, Newt, Teresa and Brenda, and how they all ended up in WICKED. It didn't answer those questions. Nevertheless, it doesn't change the fact that this is an amazing book, and it's a good finale for a remarkable series.  If you haven't seen the maze and you haven't met the Gladers, I urge you to read The Maze Runner Trilogy. It's a series of heart-gripping, heart-wrenching, and heart-throbbing novels that will undoubtedly put you at the edge of your seat. With the engaging plot, terrifying setting, and a whole pack of amazing characters, you wouldn't be able to put down this book. You will never be disappointed.  I will always remember the maze and the Gladers I've grown to love. I'm going to miss those awesome shuck-faces!
B004RCUJ9E|1.0|not worth the money as the app cheats.  I was finishing up a game with my two pieces against the apps one piece; i was 3 moves from trapping the piece and the app ends the game as a 'draw'.  so if you are looking for a good checkers game app look elsewhere.
044024367X|4.0|Book Club Review  Nothing to Lose  Lee Child  Our book club's book for October was NOTHING TO LOSE, one of the dozen or so in the Jack Reacher series. Most of us had read Child at some point in the past, and we had a bit of fun trying to remember the difference between Lee Child and Lincoln Child.  What we ultimately remembered is that most of us enjoy Lee Child and do not enjoy Lincoln Child!  NOTHING TO LOSE finds Jack Reacher, the \\"splendid mesomorph,\\" walking diagonally across the United States in a mostly south by southwest pattern, start in Maine and (he hopes) winding up in the San Diego area. As the book opens, Reacher is passing through the sparsely populated town of Hope, Colorado on his way to Despair, Colorado, and from there across the Rockies. While Hope is basically the embodiment of your basic small Midwestern town, things change the minute you cross the border into Despair, which is a town straight out of The Twilight Zone. Reacher stops in a diner for a cup of coffee; the staff refuses to serve him. He's made unwelcome everywhere he goes, and he's then arrested as a vagrant and told to stay out of town. The reason? Despair is a company town run by a business magnate/preacher, and the residents are highly unwelcoming of people who think are going to come in and take their jobs.  Of course, Reacher being Reacher does not take well to such a challenge, and he decides he's going to damn well spend as much time in Despair as he wants to. With the complicit aid of a sympathetic female police officer from Hope, Reacher finds out that the town is basically one huge metal recycling plant - that happens to be protected by the U.S. military on its western side. What's going on in the plant, and why is the sheriff always sending deputies out to beat Reacher up? (They should know better, right?) Why does the plant owner/preacher fly in and out of town in his private prop plane every night? Why are the workers sick and dying? Before the book is over, Reacher will have found the answers to all these questions.  What can I say?  This is Reacher, and Lee Child, in their usual enjoyable, over-the-top, utterly unbelievable form. And yet - almost all of us liked the book, and we had a good discussion regarding why. It's not just that character of Reacher embodies the old cliche, \\"Women want him, men want to be him.\\" Of course, it's easy to like Reacher because he takes guff from no one, but never starts trouble. He's the \\"rugged individual\\" that Americans have valued as the embodiment of our culture since frontier times, and in that way he manages to affect us an archetype that has power beyond the character. It doesn't hurt that he has a sense of humor and, in this book, a likable sidekick in the female cop, Vaughan, who is married but whose husband's non-presence remains a secondary mystery for much of the book.  We also realized that reading a book by Child means reading a book. That sounds a bit strange so let me explain. We discussed the fact that so many thriller-type books read like the screenplays for big-budget thrillers, with lots of pyrotechnics and the skimpiest of narratives. But in NOTHING TO LOSE (and in other Jack Reacher books) we always learn bits and pieces of interesting things. So while the plot moves us along, we feel like we're in the hands of a novelist, not a film director. And for a group of readers, there's nothing we like more.  Of course, the holes in the plot are bigger than the Grand Canyon, and things really take a crazy turn when the sheriff of Despair deputizes all 2,600 town residents and sets them out to get Jack Reacher. (Guess who triumphs?) The ending feels sort of rushed, with Jack having had his requisite sexual conquest and moving on to the next adventure. Those of us who are big Jack Reacher fans felt this wasn't one of the better books in the series; those who have read less of Child still enjoyed the book and said that it was enough to make them come back for more. And, ultimately, isn't that the biggest compliment one can pay to a writer?
B0055SWM08|5.0|The music and the background water droplets are very calming which help you focus on solving these puzzle. It is a great game.
034544678X|5.0|Have had dogs all my life (am 71)but wish I knew then what I am learning now. So much information and all good!
B001VLXNLU|1.0|Honestly, I'm pretty astonished at how horrible this book is. I'm usually one for pretty trashy, vampire novels. I was absolutely in LOVE with Vampire Academy, and Twilight was \\"fun\\".  This, however, blows my mind. I can't believe it got published! It's a lot of bizarre rambling and random events smashed together, and it kinda makes me feel like I'm losing brain cells. I will even venture to say that Stephanie Meyer can write better than this author - that's saying something.   I also cannot STAND the whole non-conforming just so you can say that you're a non-conformist teenager kind of deal. It's certainly not at all convincing in this book.   Read Vampire Academy. Or something with an actual plot. PLEASE.
B005CMSDLE|1.0|Good for a 18+ with a brain of a little kid under 7 !!!  Absolute garbage, I wish I could get my money back :(
B0041KKYBA|5.0|A must for ALL Americans to see and understand that your Financial System needs regulating. The crooks within the industry have just sucked the American people dry and left you in a dreadful situation to feed their GREED.
0553381695|3.0|The series has some of the best written characters out there.  Personally I love Tyrion, Daenarys and Arya - three characters who rise above their shortcomings (a Dwarf, a young princess sold in marriage, and a young Lady in a men's world). There are plenty of characters you love to hate - like Joffrey, Circe, and for the most part the Lannisters. Some, like Littlefinger, you just can't wait to see how they will end.    The only reason I give A Clash of Kings 3 stars is because of the rampant abuse of women in the series. At some points it actually gets hard to get through the book without (as a woman) feeling victimized. Before coming to this conclusion I did a quick search for this series and misogyny, and came across a lot of debate on the matter.  For anyone arguing that: \\"this is just how medieval times was like..\\" must be getting off on this kind of perverted crap. There are ways to write medieval fantasy without having rape, abuse, beatings and murder of women on every chapter (remember The Lord of the Rings anyone? BTW a MUCH better story).   Like anyone else I can handle a few instances here and there - but in a Clash of Kings, it's pervasive in almost every character plot line. Whether the abuse is happening through a character, or being done by a character, or being remembered/perceived by a character - it doesn't matter. Rape is always around the corner for any woman.   Personally, I think the writer must have had a hard time \\"dating\\" as a man himself.  I can't find any other explanation for why he would continually paint women as property, slaves, whores, victims - and when he gets bored, just rape them and toss them aside.   Remember that this is FANTASY, and as with any fantasy there is a choice on how to depict it. He can choose to tone it down, at the very least.   I will continue to read the series (again because of Tyrion and others) but I hope that it gets better. I could ask for the same treatment of men, but that's just as insane. Rape doesn'tbelong anywhere for women or men.
0230014208|4.0|An easy read... with many personalities on which to reflect... we find ourselves amongest the penguins. If you are trying to produce change within your family, workplace, or organuization, this is a good book to start thinking about the players within the change process.
B003CN4R74|5.0|I've listened to this album three times now - and still just as impressed as the first listen.  First, let's acknowledge that Evanescence is all about Amy. The band is there to support her, because she clearly has an awareness of what works or doesn't work harmonically, melodically, or dynamically. Yes, it would be great to have a soaring guitar solo occasionally (I nominate Orianthi) but that just isn't what this band is about.  Rather than a song-by-song rundown, I'll make it simple. In the 80's, there were a lot of one-hit wonders who put out an album, which people bought to get the one song that was any good. The rest was trash, 'filler' in the lingo of the industry.  In my opinion, there is no filler here.  If I were to make one change to this album (other than the aforementioned raging guitar solo) it would be - oddly enough - to allow just a second or two longer between songs on the disc. Many of the tracks are too close together, so there just isn't the time to appreciate something before the next hits. (Yes, I recognize that there is one close transition done intentionally between two tracks, so my comment applies to all the others.)  Recommended.
B000FC0V3E|2.0|I've never read Hemmingway before and thought I would give this book a shot since it was his first novel.  Can anyone say boring???  Hemmingway's use of run-on sentences and mindless detail describing insignificant things bored me to tears.  It seems his characters basically spend their time drinking, drinking, and more drinking.  I couldn't wait to finish it.
B0027HOBM2|5.0|Not only is \\"Mad Men\\" shaping up to be one of the best shows ever, but the DVDs are always filled with nice extras.  The Blu-Ray really brings out the details and makes you appreciate how much attention is paid to set design, clothing, accessories, etc.
B004GCPJDQ|1.0|First off, the unboxing of this product is like many Apple products, there is limited material inside with simple instructions. However, these simple instructions left me wondering when the product had issues after its first charge... The battery compartment fits good enough, its a bit lighter than two AA bats inside, not a big deal unless the weight bothers you. The inductive charger matches my iMac well and its USB powered. There is a nice status light on the charger that lets you know what the mouse is doing (charging, full...). The issues lie with the ability of the mouse to transmit battery level to the computer. I charged the mouse overnight and saw only a 4% read on the task bar in Lion. I contacted customer support who responded within 3 hours and said I had to turn the mouse off and turn back on after the charge for the task bar to read 100%. I did that and it worked. Then I used the mouse for a day, two days, now four days and it still says 100%. I tried to reboot the mouse and it still says 100% charge? How can that be? I think the charge readout is faulty, I will just wait for it to die I guess. Ultimately, that minor inconvenience will be better than having to change out batteries every other week in the mouse. I emailed customer service about my new issue and they have yet to respond. Overall I recommend the mouse charger, simple and effective with minor flaws.<br /><br />****UPDATE 12/12/12***** I had to get rid of this product, the issue that I mentioned above was just too bothersome. I do not recommend the charger after all.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|Well,well,gettin to know you so well... Fantastic vocals from Beth, world-class guitar playing (just enough, and then some :-)). And the songs.. Luckily I bought both the download and the physical CD. This is a keeper!  Ain't No Way you'll regret buying this one; if so, Your Heart Is As Black As Night
0783240236|5.0|This is one of those movies I never tire of.  Even though I know the story and how it will end, I still enjoy watching it.  I've watched a lot of Alfred Hitchcock's movies and this one is still one of my favorites.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|This movie was a waste of time and money. There was no point to this movie. It was crude and pointless. When the movie  ended I was just like, what the heck was the point of that? Don't waste your time.
B005XN3150|3.0|Not bad - so far. Under the same genre as another show (Grimm) - fairytales intertwined with present day - but not as gory.  Doesn't list which network the show is under. I am waiting for the next episode to give a better rating.
B005LJK3AC|5.0|Hilarious, I love this movie. J.A is completely SEXIE. I don't understand why it has such a low rating. Come on guys!
B001AIRUP4|5.0|I love the movie. What I don't get is that this version, BR + DIGITAL COPY, COSTS MORE THAN THE version that contains the 3D BR + 2D BR + DVD + DIGITAL COPY!!! TOTAL FAIL AMAZON!!!
B0053TMP24|5.0|Mr. Riordan has showed off his writing genius once again. This is the second book im the series I call &#34;sequal series of Percy Jackson.&#34; He has done an excellent job and I couldn't put it down. 5 stars!
B004EPYZU8|3.0|Basically \\"Sucker Punch\\" is an $80+ Million laser light show; projected laser beams set to music (in this case nicely produced by Marius De Vries and Tyler Bates).  This type of entertainment was quite popular in the theaters during the 1970's (see \\"Freaks and Geeks\\") as a psychedelic entertainment (Pink Floyd, ELO, Blue Oyster Cult).  Laser light was useful in entertainment because the coherent nature of laser light allows a narrow beam to be produced, so optical scanning can draw patterns and images on walls, ceilings or other surfaces. Reflected beams can be bounced to targeted positions with mirrors to create laser sculptures.  Focused minds are held spellbound by the focused and concentrated light rays.  With the advent of computer generated special effects, recreational drugs like ecstasy, and polysubstance use (kitty flipping anyone?); the light show has evolved into a feature film form.  \\"Sucker Punch\\" being one of the most ambitious.  One segment of the audience connects with this experience and another one does not, then both get on the internet and lament their disbelief that others are showing so much hate (or love) toward the film.  Few find a middle ground as illustrated by the paucity of three star ratings.  In the case of \\"Sucker Punch\\",  far more were disappointed than were impressed.  Much the same reaction occurred with Tim Burton's 2010 laser light show titled \\"Alice In Wonderland\\".  So if you hated that film you would be wise to avoid \\"Sucker Punch\\".  Although liking Burton's film is no guarantee that you will like \\"Sucker Punch\\", as Burton is a skilled acting for the camera director and there was simply no indication that such a skill set was present during the production phase of \\"Sucker Punch\\".    At about the 25 minute mark of \\"Sucker Punch\\" I was beginning to believe that it was something special.  In just 25 minutes the film had taken its main character (nicely underplayed by Emily Browning) through three stages of madness.  I was expecting this progression (or descent) into madness to continue in the manner of a high budget and surreal homage to Polanski's \\"Repulsion\\" (1965).  That is as a hellbound train that never looks back; with it's heroine's point of view fracturing in a steady progression of more bizarre realities.  Unfortunately, \\"Sucker Punch's\\" train spent itself in those early minutes and spends the remainder of the film disappointingly vacillating between the 2nd and 3rd stages of madness, before mercifully bookending itself with a return to the 1st stage.    The problem is that by its nature a laser light show lacks or struggles with certain cinematic elements; like audience to character identification, sensuality, suspense, and challenge to the imagination (there is nothing to imagine when the fundamental construct is one of visual illustration).  Which is fine if you connect with what it brings (in place of these missing elements) to its audience; like off-kilter production design, dazzling special effects, eye-popping action. But it is important for a viewer to be aware of the nature and limitations of this type of entertainment if they are to avoid frustration and disappointment.  Then again, what do I know?  I'm only a child.
B005KWJEEQ|3.0|Well the Jester might not be crying, but I sure am. \\"Hellfire Club\\" is one of the greatest power metal albums of all time. 'Mysteria' is the greatest power metal song of all time (yes, I know that is saying a lot, and no I haven't forgotten of Maiden!), Tobias Sammet is one of the greatest power metal singers and song writers of all time, and yet, since \\"Hellfire Club,\\" Edguy has laid three consecutive eggs. Maybe it has something to do with setting the bar so high with previous albums such as the aforementioned \\"Hellfire Club\\" and \\"Mandrake,\\" but \\"Rocket Ride,\\" \\"Tinitus Sanctus,\\" and now \\"Age of the Joker\\" have no right to even be mentioned in the same breath as Edguy's great releases. If I could have given the album 2.5 stars, I would have, and I give those stars just because Edguy is still better than 90% of power metal bands out there...even at their worst. I know that Sammet is the main songwriter of the band, and if it wasn't for Avantasia I would say that he may be losing his touch, but he is still producing great music with his side project, so I am stunned that Edguy's new album is so lackluster. On \\"Age of the Joker,\\" Edguy continues to create music that is more influenced by rock than power metal. Admittedly, Edguy turns out a few catchy hooks and melodies here and there, but even the songs with enjoyable parts are forgettable. I am a die-hard Edguy fan, and I will buy anything they release, but I'm afraid \\"Joker\\" will earn them very few new fans and might even cause a few old fans to give up on them. In conclusion, Edguy is one of the most talented power metal bands in the world, and I am confident that they have a plethora of great songs within them still, unfortunately, none of those great songs made it onto this album.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|I thought Sandra Bullock and Ryan Reynolds were perfect together in this movie. You could see the chemistry that both of them had together. I can watch it over and over again.. I am glad I bought it.
B000T0XEGS|5.0|This is still the best introduction to La Traviata extant.  It remains a brilliant marriage of camera movement and music combined with a grand sense of spectacle.  The performances manage to bridge the gap between the scale of opera and the integrity of good acting, something audiences for live opera performances are now taking as a given.  Alas, it was not always so.  This film version of La Traviata went a long way toward convincing U.S. opera audiences they could demand and receive more from directors and singers.  It may even have convinced general directors and producers to exercise the same care in selecting a stage director accorded the conductor.  If so, this is a landmark achievement as well as an exhilarating musical experience.
B004EPZ08E|1.0|I bought Horrible Bosses BD/DVD/Digital Copy and got ripped off.    First the Movie:  FUNNY !!!  This is this year's Hangover type comedy, if you haven't already seen it you are missing out.  If you have, you've got to watch it again...it's funnier every time!!  The Digital copy: The industry standard Digital Copy lets you transfer to any compatible device (smart phone, ipad, tablet, windows media, iTunes, etc. to watch ANY time you want  This Ultraviolet/Flixster copy only lets you STREAM the movie on their app or on your computer.  This means that you have to be ONLINE to watch the digital copy that you paid for!  This does you no good on a plane, train, car road trip, etc.   I emailed Ultraviolet and Flixster about this and was told that my \\"Watch anytime, anywhere\\" digital copy can really only be watched anytime (you are online) or anywhere (that you can get online)  I give Ultraviolet and Flixster ZERO stars and Horrible Bosses 5 stars.
B002VPE1YS|3.0|Purchased this case to use with my Nokia E5 phone but it's much too big. A 1 inch space at the top and about 1/2 inch at the sides. Will have to look for a better fitting protective case but until then this will have to do.
B000B8QG4A|4.0|Was hoping that it came with a DVD original cover, but it is in good shape and the kids love it.
B004QZ9PLU|4.0|Having read many Of Sparks' books and loved them, this one was a little predictable. I was drawn into the love story, as this is obviously his strong point. (he must have a very happy wife) I also enjoy his books because of the setting, as I was born and grew up in Eastern NC, so it's a little like going back home again. But there were elements of \\"The Notebook\\" in this one that almost felt like he is running out of story lines. A talented author; I just hope his next book is a little more meaty in the way of plot.
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|If that's what you need to do, this is what you need.  In fact, I don't think there's any other choice.
0316776963|5.0|This is the first David Sedaris book I've read, and I will definitely be reading more! I laughed out loud in every chapter, but his satire is not overbearing. His way with words and his quirky way of thinking about ordinary life situations borders on genius (despite the results of his IQ test!) Highly recommended!
B004XZ99LO|1.0|This is silly at best, a truly uninspired performance. Actors prance around, do a few high school level tricks. Not even close to the C du S level of performance. Pass it by....
B00003CX97|5.0|In a recent training meeting this movie was used as a template for our training.  I am anxious to watch and review this movie with a different perspective in mind as I watch.  Thank you.
0684857219|5.0|Love this book! Very interesting and inspiring. However I do not use this book as a training tool because I believe there are better sources out there for natural mass gainers.
B002SJIO54|5.0|Sure, District 9 straddles many fences.  It's part documentary, part action film, and part comedy.  Many scenes have an improvised feel, because they were in fact improvised.  The protagonist is thoroughly unlikeable for at least half the film.  Yet out of all this confusion, an engaging story emerges.<br /><br />I won't discuss plot details (others have done enough), but I will say that this movie has a lot different styles of camera shots, from jerky hand-held documentary style, to well-shot landscapes.  I found it visually stimulating, yet not to the point of inducing nausea or seizures.  It was fun to watch.<br /><br />The special effects are about as good as I've ever seen in an alien movie.  The \\"prawns\\" are a work of digital art.  And while there is a lot of \\"gore\\", it's not the kind that turns your stomach.  I don't like gory movies at all, and yet nothing in District 9 gave me the least bit of discomfort.  The fact that the plot is such a far-fetched sci-fi story probably accounts for this.<br /><br />This is not a movie about nice people.  That's life.  And yet there is redemption and humanity within the carnage and madness.<br /><br />It's unusual to see a science fiction movie where the setting is not the USA or possibly Europe.  This alone makes District 9 worth checking out.<br /><br />I felt compelled to add a 5-star review to offset the multitude of moronic 1-star reviews consisting of \\"I hated this movie.  It was terrible.\\" and nothing else.  District 9 might be the coolest alien movie I ever saw.<br /><br />And the 2-disc edition contains a massive amount of terrific bonus material; you can learn about the special effects, the making of the film, and watch a bunch of deleted scenes.  This is a generous package.
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I have the '95 version and this one is a lot better ,Rupert Penry-Jones does a remarkable good Captian Wentworth that is worth buying this dvd because once you see it you will want to see it over and over again. Jane Austen is best known for pride and prejudice but this book is worth checking it out.
B000268QB2|5.0|I am still listening to this album in 2011! One of my favorites and I wish they would come back with something else. I can't say I was a fan of the albums after this, however the song \\"Bad Dream\\" was a notable exception. Very talented!
B005HGKW6E|2.0|Robert Redford's \\"Conspirator\\" is a dry rendition of revisonist history.  Compared to other topical historical films (\\"John Adams\\"), this film fails to compel the audience to care about the central characters.  The extremely sparce character development is centered on the figure of Mary Surratt, who ironically becomes the sympathetic figure of the movie.  Mary Surratt is the owner and operator of the Surratt boarding house, the very place Lincoln's cospirators met to plot their conspiracy to kidnap Lincoln and hold him hostage for the release of Confederate soldiers in Union prison camps.  Mary Surratt's defense was that she knew nothing of the plot that was hatching at her own boarding house, which in reality is highly doubtful.  If one reads history of the event, the evidence quite clearly implicates Mary Surratt in the conspiracy, thus, I have a hard time understanding Redford's sympathetic view of Surratt, and a hard time taking this film seriously.<br /><br />On the plus side, the sets are realistic for the 1865 era, and I also appreciate the filmography angles and limited lighting (rooms were illuminated by windows, candles, and gas lamps). Certainly Redford had a fine appreciation for historical accuracy in terms of the sets, unfortunately, I wish the same could be said of the content truthfulness of the movie.<br /><br />kone
B004XQO8VO|5.0|I saw this movie when I was younger and it always made me laugh. Once i saw it had come out on bluray i knew i had to buy it.
B004SBX112|4.0|The pictures have changed but there is no update button... I wanna play with the new orange bird too. When is our update?
B004LWZW4C|1.0|I've received this movie TWICE from Amazon.  Both Blu-ray copies were not created correctly and skip.  At first I thought maybe it was my PS3, but it plays other blu-ray's and games just fine.  I even had the same problem on another PS3.  Either they didn't created this correctly for use on PS3's, or there is a whole batch of these that are messed up...
1439170916|1.0|This book is about cancer, a scientific and medical puzzle. But it is written in the register of academic history of science, one of relativism, irony, and reason led astray. The result is a disaster of a book.<br /><br />One problem is that a story told this way cannot be about the science. Instead, it has to be about the personal lives of scientists, and the underpinnings of science (money, political support, and institutions). Unfortunately for Mukherjee, real, breakthrough cancer research is done by extremely intense people who do little outside of their lab. They make for bad copy. For example, the American Nobelist Gertrude Elion, who made profound breakthroughs in chemotherapy, never married, had no children, and listed her hobbies as 'listening to music'. When he reaches the socialite and cancer philanthropist Mary Lasker, you can almost sense Mukherjee's relief: At last, someone with time on their hands.<br /><br />Good narrative needs conflict, and Mukherjee makes strained use of the 'war on cancer' (\\"lost in both senses of the word\\") as a metaphor. But the real war in his book is between idiot, bumbling doctors and their vulnerable patients. Doctors are described as \\"agressive\\", \\"zealous\\", \\"lunatic cartographers\\" of cancer, \\"bristling with conceit\\", subject to \\"arrogance\\", and \\"hubris\\". There are two problems with telling a history of cancer in which bad decisions by the medical profession are the antagonist. It is untrue. And Mukherjee himself doesn't believe it: in interviews surrounding the book he is calmly optimistic.<br /><br />Cancer kills twenty thousand people every day. In this context, a doctor who tries a risky therapy that may shorten the life of a terminal patient - but could cure them, and thousands after them - is not a fool. This is true even if we learn (with hindsight) that she or he is using a bad model of the disease, and even if the treatment has brutalizing side-effects. Mukherjee never acknowledges this.<br /><br />Terrible, terrible literary devices, too many to count. Whole paragraphs go down smoothly on a quick scan but, on reflection, make no sense at all. These are often 'literary' paragraphs that play to some invisible jury of English-lit judges. The booby prize is two pages of semiotics on how every generation gets the disease it deserves. (Do a blind trial: Shuffle the diseases and the decades, and see if you can make more sense than Mukherjee). Bromides about patients only highlight the curious detachment of the book-writing from Mukherjee's practice. He must have taken years away from his work to research this thing.<br /><br />To be fair, the last quarter of the book puts science center stage, and almost salvages the book as a whole. Mukherjee is much kinder to the oncologists of the 1980s and 1990s. I get the impression this is because these people are still alive: it is safe to slander the dead.<br /><br />Instead of a history of cancer - the disease, and progress in solving its puzzle - the first three-quarters of \\"The Emporer of all Maladies\\" is a history of the accoutrements of cancer - the institutions, the academic bunfights, the legislation, the \\"billion dollar cancer industry\\" (!), the charity drives. It's an outsider, skeptical, journalistic view - which is remarkable, given that he is an insider. Beware! There is no jam in this doughnut of a book.<br /><br />Neither is there any intellectual payload. Mukherjee is aiming at the Stephen Jay Gould style of popular science, and sometimes achieves it. But Gould had a deadly coherent message to send (about contingency, and the dangers of untrammelled reason). In the end, Mukherjee has none.
B004XUMPFQ|5.0|But, if you are under-28, you might like it too.  Like any fiction, this has weaknesses, but unlike most SF, the strengths in character and physical realism and plot add up to about 10/10.  Perhaps the best single SF series imo, and that's saying something (for instance there is a series version of Dune that's pretty darn good).  Everyone has their own taste, but I do think most people would put this in their top-5.  I won't bore you with self-important review as if writing for a class.  Decide for yourself....
B000J103WA|4.0|I like when you can find these old HD-DVD videos.  Any of these you can get cheap is great.  Pity they no longer make them.  I have a hd and bluray.  HD is still an acceptable format for me.
B005LJK3AC|4.0|The beginning and the end worked for me but the middle was a bit slow.  Great turn by Colin Farrell... and Kevin Spacey is always sooo evil!
B0009UC810|4.0|I love this movie! Another one that is just a classic, done at a time when movies were still made and not a \\"GREEN SCREEN\\"  Makes me feel old.  A fun movie from start to finish, a must see.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I've had these headphones for about 3 years now and they still work like new. The padding is a bit beat up but they are still going strong. The sound quality is crisp and the  sound isolation is great. Can't go wrong buying these.
B005974CNA|5.0|My favorite band has a new drummer and a new sound. Great Album, I didn't give the new drummer much of a chance, but after listening, I'm still in awe...  The best band has an incredible new sound, balanced and fresh.  I give it 2 drumsticks UP !!
B001CC7PKS|5.0|DAREDEVIL, the director's cut is like an entirely different film than the original. By adding thirty minutes, it establishes depth to the characters and the story that elevate it to one of the best superhero films I've seen in years. It reminds me that Justice Is Blind--in the sense that there is supposed to be no discrimination against the rich and the poor, the mighty and the lowly. Unfortunately, that's only in the comic book universe. Rob a 7/11 and you'll get 15 years in jail, swindle billions out of investors, a plea bargain and a slap on the wrist. Wall Street needs a Daredevil. (LOL)
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Both my 4 &amp; 6 year olds get a kick out of saving those flies. Great app for kids, they learn to strategize &amp; problem solve
B004ZN9OTG|5.0|this best captures floyd in their transition from syd barrett's psych band to the better known signature sound that would continue through with meddle and all the way up to 'the final cut'. people who dismiss this effort aren't \\"real\\" pf fans, just as i dismiss those who don't like piper at the gates of dawn or saucerful of secrets. the best tracks, imho, are: the atom heart mother suite, summer of '68, fat old sun, and 'if'--if you're in some sort of \\"relaxed\\" state of mind, 'alan's psychedelic breakfast' is pretty cool, although not by any means a conventional \\"song\\" (but then again, with pf, was there ever really anything that could be defined as \\"conventional\\"?)
078322687X|5.0|I first watched this movie when my mom had it on VHS and it was so funny that I had to buy it. I wanted it on DVD so I had to wait a few years but I love this movie.   The only thing is there is a lot of swearing in this movie so it's not for young children.
1400032717|5.0|I bought this book upon the recommendation of an individual in the medical field.  The story quickly engrosses you and the thought processes of the author writing as  someone with autism is so very interesting, informative, and even a teaching experience.  I did think the end was a little too quick and maybe out of character but still  worth the read.  I was so enthusiastic about this book that I purchased three more from Amazon for my adult children to read and pass along to their friends, also.
B004EPZ084|1.0|Horrible Bosses represents exactly why I should watch the trailer before seeing a mainstream, Hollywood film nowadays. I haven't been paying too much attention to new releases lately, so when I saw the poster of the flick I thought it looked neat. Kevin Spacey is a great actor, and he was great as a horrible boss in \\"Swimming With Sharks.\\" I imagined this film would be something similar to that, but crossed with something more accessible like Office Space.  What I didn't expect was the actual film. Spacey, Aniston and Farrell are good, okay and weak in their roles, respectively. They are barely in the movie compared to what I expected. They may have about 20 minutes of screen time put together. The rest of the film centered around the bumbling hijinks of Bateman, Day (in an extremely annoying performance) and Sudekis (in a suprisingly annoying performance) that just felt like The Hangover. I didn't hate The Hangover, but I hated this film. And so did my roommate and his girlfriend. We watched this film together, and I don't think I've ever hit the stop button as quickly as I did in this film when the credits began to roll. And my roommate and his girlfriend had exited the living room within the same ten seconds. The next day I apologized for renting the film, they accepted and we all had a good laugh. Laughter is the best medicine, especially after a piece of crap like this film.  One star, and that is for Spacey's first two scenes. Even Aniston was trashy in it. And Farrell looked like he was sleepwalking.  Did you know that Jamie Foxx is in this movie? Yeah, I didn't even know either.
B000LXHK2C|5.0|I love this movie.  It's even ok for my 10 year old to watch.  I rarely buy movies that don't come in 3D these days, but this is a favorite.
0385738765|5.0|I found this book to be even better than the maze trial.It was very well written and alittle more adult than the first book.I have read all 3 books and found that each of his books in the trilogy(this is the second book)progressed the story along nicely and built upon the previous edition.highly enjoyable.the third book(which just came out)was also extremely good.I would recommend reading each book in the series in order.enjoy!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Everyone should watch this documentary. We will no longer eat fast food. This documentary will astound you not only to the corruption and greed in the food industry but also the corruption and greed within our government.
B005XN3150|3.0|Despite its weak opening sequence, which begins with the obligatory text-on-screen storytelling, and the jarring jumps between past and present, Once Upon A Time definitely has the potential to be something unique and entertaining...but only if the creators (and editors) are willing to do some work. The storyline, which I admit to being intrigued by initially, only began to become engaging towards the end, with the rest of the episode feeling like a filler that could have easily been used in other episodes to build up the tension and intrigue. As it stood, I found some of the back-and-forth a little silly and over done, with not enough time given to either the past or present to really become attached to any of the characters. While I do plan to continue to watch, I can only hope that this first episode will be the weakest of the lot.
B000ICL3KG|5.0|This documentary is scary but true. The planet's climate is changing and not in the historical fashion. Facts and data are well presented. Watch this and see what we will be leaving our children.
0553386794|2.0|Like many others, I started this book trying to find out what all the hype was about. It was recommended to me by an author I know and respect. Anyway...not my cup of tea. I won't give you a synopsis because those are easily found elsewhere. My friend described it as a chess game, and that is very apt, I think.<br /><br />Things I liked:<br />1. The writing is certainly competent prose. No problem there.<br />2. The fantasy world it is set in is fascinating, different enough from others that it piques the interest. It informs the actions of the characters as well, which is good.<br />3. The characters were believable.<br />4. The situations were believable (lots of politics here; people behaving badly).<br /><br />Things I didn't like:<br />1. So loooong! And I read fast, I mean really fast. I'm not bragging here, just saying that a long book is not in the least intimidating to me; in fact I welcome these, because they keep my brain occupied. It is super dense, though, and took me forever just to get through a few chapters.<br />2. Depressing, dark, sad. My take on the central theme: life sucks, then you die. Or you are wrongly accused of crimes, or you have to run away, or you lose everything you love. I realize life is not happy all the time...but never? If I want to be brought down 100% of the time, I'll read nonfiction.<br />3. Too many people in too many places all at the same time, and with too many points of view. Using the analogy of a chess game, it makes me think of a 3D chess game, in which the different dimensions are additional boards jammed into one.<br /><br />Hope this is helpful.
B001UV4XI8|1.0|I also bought  the 3-Disc Blu-ray/DVD/Digital Copy Combo Pack offered here on Amazon. The DVD included in this pack contains ONLY the  ENGLISH  LANGUAGE  AUDIO, although the packaging clearly indicates that it includes FRENCH and SPANISH audio.  In fact, it states that the French is Canadian French.
0240815807|5.0|There's not much I can add to the other glowing reviews, but I can attest they are spot on. I wish I had this book years ago. Senior is technology and platform agnostic and simply tells you what you need to know in order to get a good mix no matter what you are using. The book is fairly technical in depth but each chapter has nice summary section called \\"Cut To The Chase\\" that summarizes everything nicely. Like the other reviewers, I've spent years buying other books and scouring web sites looking for practical advice. Everything you need to know is in this book. And it doesn't come down to \\"buy this bit of expensive gear.\\" Lovely work, Mr. Senior. When's your next book coming out?
B000MQC9H4|5.0|This is one of my go-to chick flicks...always good. On the better side of romantic comedies, and most of my guy friends agree that this is one \\"girl\\" movie they don't mind watching!
B000001GQY|5.0|Reviewers have accused Gilels and Jochum of being ponderous on this disc.  That's understandable, to a degree, given the strong emphasis the performers give to the richness and dark soul present in Brahms' concerti.  However, I'm quite reluctant to equate this with being \\"ponderous\\".  Richness and depth don't imply heaviness, and to my ears, our performers never burden us.  It's certain that both Gilels and Jochum incorporate a wistful singing quality; there's always a beautiful lyricism, pleasing in a way quite unlike anything I've heard before.  Call it ponderous if you want to, but I'm optimistic.<br /><br />Let's begin by taking a look at the 1st Piano Concerto.  Much of the thematic material was intended to be used as a symphony.  One could guess as much, given the towering sense of symphonic structure, especially in the lengthy first movement.  It's a dark work, one that delivers the fate that we often associate with the key of D minor.  It presents serious challenges to its interpreters, asking for the structural aspects of the work to be felt, but, at the same time, this work has got to be more than menace.  I think Gilels and Jochum succeed in their efforts.  The Berliners play with their Brahmsian richness and depth of tone (this orchestra is unrivaled in Brahms, after all) and Jochum creates a strong orchestral tone for Gilels while not sounding harsh.  Gilels' phrasing is genuinely beautiful, letting light come through the clouds.  When I'm done listening to this performance, I still think that this is Brahms at his darkest, but there's no way I can consider it cold, at least not in the face of such interpreters as we have here.<br /><br />Let's be honest: we all like the sunny 2nd more than the fateful 1st.  Where else does Brahms rise to such levels of catchy lyricism while being so majestic?  It's a glorious concerto, obviously one of the greatest ever.  And this is how Gilels and Jochum take it.  Their approach is full of grandeur, to be sure, but also refinement.  Our performers don't play the piece with their hearts on their sleeves, something I know some listeners may desire.  But again, I'm sympathetic, not that everyone needs to be, but I love this approach.  It's one that will make you aware of just how songful Brahms is.  It could be argued that Brahms should be more monolithic, but I'll say that he can handle the vision of Gilels and Jochum--great composers leave room for endless differences in interpretative vision.  I have to think of the many times my piano teacher has told me to \\"sing\\" on the piano; it sounds easy to do, but it takes tremendous skill.  I know I'm making a big claim, but I've never heard a pianist \\"sing\\" so naturally and effectively as Gilels does here.  While everything is wonderful, it is the 3rd movement that I find the most promising.  It is full of a twilight beauty that leaves me wanting nothing.  In short, opinions will vary, but I've welcomed this songful Brahms' 2nd into my collection with delight.<br /><br />The Op. 116 pieces are short compared to the concerti, but they are given wonderful performances, with Gilels showing the same lyrical gifts that were manifested in the concerti.  These are beautiful pieces, written when Brahms was in his late, reflective mood.  They are wonderful pieces, with few equals in terms of resigned beauty in the entire piano literature.  Hearing Gilels play them has increased my respect for the set, one I'm trying to tackle myself right now.  Obviously I'm not rivaling Gilels!)<br /><br />In closing, if you want Brahms that sings, you've found it.  I certainly find this set very desirable, with sound that's not bad for early 70's analog.performers don't play the piece with their hearts on their sleeves, something I know some listeners may desire.  But again, I'm sympathetic, not that everyone needs to be, but I love this approach.  It's one that will make you aware of just how songful Brahms is.  It could be argued that Brahms should be more monolithic, but I'll say that he can handle the vision of Gilels and Jochum--great composers leave room for endless differences in interpretative vision.  I have to think of the many times my piano teacher has told me to \\"sing\\" on the piano; it sounds easy to do, but it takes tremendous skill.  I know I'm making a big claim, but I've never heard a pianist \\"sing\\" so naturally and effectively as Gilels does here.  While everything is wonderful, it is the 3rd movement that I find the most promising.  It is full of a twilight beauty that leaves me wanting nothing.  In short, opinions will vary, but I've welcomed this songful Brahms' 2nd into my collection with delight.  The Op. 116 pieces are short compared to the concerti, but they are given wonderful performances, with Gilels showing the same lyrical gifts that were manifested in the concerti.  These are beautiful pieces, written when Brahms was in his late, reflective mood.  They are wonderful pieces, with few equals in terms of resigned beauty in the entire piano literature.  Hearing Gilels play them has increased my respect for the set, one I'm trying to tackle myself right now.  Obviously I'm not rivaling Gilels!)   In closing, if you want Brahms that sings, you've found it.  I certainly find this set very desirable, with sound that's not bad for early 70's analog.
0316067938|5.0|It's a perfect ending of Bella and Edward's love story. I enjoyed the book and cannot wait to see it on the big screen.
B005974CDU|5.0|Best Dream Theater album yet!! Who needs Portnoy. Mike Mangini replaced Portnoy without a doubt. Petrucci is in fine spirit with changing rifts that truly is progressive rock as it should be. LaBrie vocals are a just as good as his Metropolis 2 which is still by far their best album. Myung shows his capabilities by contributing his own piece of work toward the album. Anyone who didn't like the album just didn't get it. Listen to it many times over and discover the truly spectacular difference between their last album which was moving toward the grunge rock. We personally hate the growling rock which was evident in the last two albums.
B004BLJQOK|5.0|I will start by saying I am not a fan of vampire films at all. The concept of vampires has no appeal to me, and I find them to be fairly dull subject matter. Though while perusing Netflix one boring evening, I saw 'Let Me In' listed, and thought I'd give it a viewing just to kill some time.  I was initially intrigued by the setting being in 1983, as I'm very fond of the early 80's. It's not saturatingly obvious throughout the film, but just enough to remind you. The main character is an awkward boy named Owen who lives with his alcoholic mother in a broken home. His father is negligent and absent, which adds to the melancholy of the boy's situation. At school, Owen is the target of a group of bullies who harass him without cause, purely for self-amusement. I immediately identified with Owen and all of the aspects of his life, and it sucked me personally and directly into the film.  When Abby moves in next door to Owen, the two of them begin a reluctant friendship that becomes of great significance. Abby is a vampire, but it's not the usual black cape and fangs scenario. It is depicted as a sort of incurable disease that she must live with while trying to survive in the shadows. Having been through her own share of challenges throughout her unknown years alive, Abby encourages Owen to stand up for himself against his bullies, regardless of how intimidating it may be and despite the possible consequences. And when Owen does have the strength to fight back, the liberation comes with the greater price of the increased harassment, as shown in the final showdown. But Owen has in Abby what all of us harassed formerly awkward school kids wished we had back in the day; a hero to come and put a final stop to it all.  The actor who plays Owen was the perfect choice. His frail appearance, bleak home life and personal sadness are greatly affective, and the viewer's heart goes out to him. Being the odd kid, this naturally gives him the open mindedness to embrace some of the morealarming aspects of his newfound neighbor and friend. The relationship that Owen and Abby develop is bitter sweet. They are outcasts who were lucky enough to find each other, but will never be able to live a \\"normal\\" life. The final scene of the film is both very sad and very sweet, and always chokes me up.  'Let Me In' is far more story based than what some may expect from a horror film, if you even want to call it that since it's more of a drama. Its appeal may be to a niche audience similar to me, as the director confirms in the bonus features that both he and the author of the original story were able to relate because they were also bullied as kids. The sad fact is that the bullying doesn't stop at the playground, and some of us have continued to encounter the occasional schoolyard bullies in adult situations. Like Owen, I've learned over the years to stand up for myself and fight, regardless of the potential consequences or being outnumbered. I view 'Let Me In' as a film that encourages the oddballs out there to try to make the best of their situations, despite negative odds. It's a beautifully filmed and executed movie that will have a great and lasting impact on some, while others just will not understand it. It's satisfying that story based films of this quality and character can still surface from time to time.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Wasn't sure about buying a Scholastic publication, but after reading a few reviews I just had to see.  I was hard pressed to put my Kindle down.  The storyline had me in it's grasp and wasn't letting go!  A great read for any teen or older.  Too graphic for some younger minds.
B0052GACNM|4.0|Nice music, nice songs something comfortable to listen to, especially if you are driving late at night.  Almost as good as his DuetsI, but still, excellent.  The guy is ageless!  Worth every penny.
B003TJR2HS|1.0|I purchased this product to use with by Bose iPod speaker. The Nano sits pretty low in the dock well and is hard to use the screen. I wanted a pass-thru connector to raise the Nano above the well opening.<br /><br />The CableJive connector was very difficult to push onto the docking port of the Nano. In the process, I damaged the Nano dock connector so that it no longer works with the Bose system. In hindsight, I should have stopped at the first sign of resistance. Examining the CableJive, the iPod connector side has a very narrow tolerance.<br /><br />If you purchase this product, you should be very careful about attaching to your device. Obviously, this might be an isolated incident or specific to the Nano 6th Gen. But, the product does state it is compatible with iPod, iPhone, and iPad, leading one to believe it should work with all.<br /><br />I returned the CableJive to Amazon and will be purchasing a new iPod. All in all, an expensive lesson.
B0010AN7Y0|2.0|I really wanted to like this movie. I really did. Unfortunately it is just a rehash of \\"The Big Chill\\" and I don't mean vaguely the same. I mean total rip off. I also sensed that these fine actors were working really hard trying to make something of it, but couldn't. Really too bad.
1250004349|5.0|My mother was a bookmobile librarian when I was a pre- and early teen.  One famlily of patrons became our dear family friends. As I read the book I kept thinking about this family as the mother was a survivor of the Holocaust. As I got older I babysat their kids and acted as nanny when I was in college. The mother, Charlotte, was born in Paris and was 14 in 1942. Charlotte's father saw the writing on the wall and arranged for Charlotte to be hidden \\"in plain sight\\" as a Protestant child in a boarding school in Strasbourg. As I read, I kept thinking, \\"Thank God this didn't happen to Charlotte.\\" A beautiful book that talks about the attitudes and difficulties of those who were not Jewish living through this terrible time in France. I purchased this book for my Kindle.
B0054PSY2W|5.0|I just love this movie...as always, it arrived ahead of time and in great shape. I think that the frog scene is just hilarious.
B00545KPRE|4.0|For years on CD Deep Purple's debut featuring the Mk1 line up with Rod Evans (Captain Beyond) on lead vocals and their hit single \\"Hush\\" was from a dub of the vinyl (the matertapes were shipped to the U.S. label and not returned to EMI until this remaster)now finally for the first time on CD we get the original mastertapes as the source for the album.<br /><br />Remastered in 2000 by Peter Mew the first U.S. reissue of the album finally appears on Eagle Records (the same label that reissued Rory Gallagher's albums on CD)with five bonus tracks, an excellent booklet describing both the creation of the group, the making of the album and the reception (it was a big hit in the U.S. while was received, at least initially, cooly in the U.K.).<br /><br />Although the remastered version features the characteristic overuse of digital noise reduction that was typical of EMI in 2000 (and was characteristic of Mew's mastering approach at the time), this version STILL beats every other version out there because of the superior source tapes.<br /><br />We get five bonus tracks of varying quality with \\"Shadow\\" an outtake from the album that has been bootlegged for years, \\"Love Help Me\\" an instrumental version without the finished vocal, an alternate mix of the band's cover of The Beatles' \\"Help\\" (which clearly U2 later listened to as they performed the song as a ballad in concert as early as 1984-5 as a ballad more in line with John Lennon had imagined for the song at the time), \\"Hey Joe\\" from the \\"Top Gear\\" TV show and, finally, a live performance of \\"Hush\\" from a U.S. TV appearence.<br /><br />Despite the overuse of digital noise reduction this is the edition of the album to own simply because it is from the mastertapes (which have also been restored by Peter Mew). For fans who loved the Evans era Deep Purple more than later editions (that would include me), this album is essential.<br /><br />Recommended.
0071762345|5.0|I have read a lot of books about how to to embrace and professionally work with social media. They all say more or less the same and none of them gives you the feeling while reading: \\"wow, this I can actually use right now!\\". Likeable social media is the first one I have read in a long while that gives you that \\"wow\\"-feeling. I really liked it - a lot of useful advice and some new stuff that other books are missing. Recommended!
0345528581|5.0|I gravitated away from machines years ago, the kind that have you isolate this muscle or that one to the exclusion of the rest of your body.  So, despite owning a Universal, I only use it for maybe 2 or 3 exercises, like leg extensions.  Mark Lauren makes a good point when he states that  machines are primarily marketing hype and that body weight exercises can work the same muscles and do so in a fashion that integrates many of your other muscles in a functional way.  This is the real-life way your body does things.  It does not allow isolation movements. You've probably noticed that \\"functional fitness\\" or \\"functional strength\\" have become popular approaches to strength training these days.        The book details bodyweight exercises that I never knew existed and it puts them together in ways that allow a newbie or a very fit person to have a total, full-body workout at their present level of fitness.  I showed the book to a physical therapist who happens to be a triathlete with two Ironman tri's (sub-10 hr) under his belt and he gave the book a thumbs up!  Personally, I am integrating some new exercises from this book with TRX and kettlebell routines to really mix things up.  Unlike many exercise books that give you a rehash of the same stuff, this one offers routines that are verifiable and results orientated.  Save your money, buy this book and pass on the latest and greatest all-in-one machines being touted on the infomercials.
1589795474|5.0|When I read this book it changed what I thought about being rich. This is detailed research about the rich and how they live. There is much wisdom here. The rich do not spend there money on fancy new cars and boats like we are led to believe on TV.  The author provides valuable advice through the examples of other people who have become well off financially. For example, he shares how most millionaires purchase cars after very exhaustive price research and then keep the cars for very long time. He also explains how millionaires rarely dress in expensive clothes and most of their neighbors are unaware of their success.  Very interesting.
B005XO38KW|5.0|This edition is slightly shorter than the others available, but it is the ONLY one whose text reflects Wilde's true intentions. Don't be fooled by the other editions claiming to be the \\"unabridged\\" or \\"complete\\" version. The material Wilde added later was meant to make the novel seem more morally edifying. It makes the novel worse. This one is WAY better -- and also way dirtier. A bunch of the more explicit stuff was cut by Wilde's editor. The editor of this ebook version has restored it all, based on Wilde's actual typescript, which he went and consulted in an archive. If you're a homophobe, get the other, more \\"moral\\" versions. If you want to read one of the great modern novels as the author wanted you to read it, get this one. You won't regret spending a couple of extra bucks.
B005K2LNYA|1.0|I was SO EXCITED when I learned that Ba Da Bing was reissuing Laughing Stock. It, along with Talk Talk's other late-period album, have become all-time favorites of mine. I've listened to them dozens and dozens and dozens of times.  I was SO BUMMED when I put the vinyl on my Pro-Ject 1.2 turntable only to be greeted by a decidedly noisy pressing.  This is a quiet record. That is part of its charm and appeal. Therefore, a quiet pressing should be a given. In this case, it is not.  I thought that perhaps my copy was defective. Amazon quickly sent me a replacement copy. It, too, is noisy. I'll keep it. I'll play it often. But it will always be marred by the clicks and pops of a careless pressing. Not a second goes by without a click or a pop that is distracting to the enjoyment of this SUPERB set of songs.  I don't know if the defects came in the transfer to the master, the lathe cutting, or in the pressing itself. But I do know that this is a sub-par product. Which seriously took the wind out of my sails.  The even bigger disappointment is the fact that it will be less likely to be PROPERLY reissued by another vinyl boutique label now, as this item is on already on the shelves.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|La verdad yo solo jugue shadow of colossus y ICO no pero ahora que lo estuve jugando  esta genial, y me gusto mucho como no alteraron la idea basica de los juegos. 100% recomendado
B0055SWM08|5.0|I glad I bought this game.  look  forward to more from this author.  having levels and extra functions would make a great expansion.
0671449028|5.0|It's a favorite book for bed time for my 2 year old for the last 3 months. She can repeat a lot of easy common words by now and she calls it \\"rock, rock a sleep\\" book.
1742677371|5.0|My first introduction to Kate Morton's writing was The House at Riverton. A Gothic tale, told within multiple timelines, and secrets galore, The Distant Hours is no different in that respect.<br /><br />However, I should start this post by asking you a question: When you were a kid, what was the story that grabbed you? Held you speechless as you turned each page and introduced you to the world of imagination and possibility?<br /><br />I can think of a few titles that capture this feeling for me, but for Edie in The Distant Hours, there will only ever be one. It is a celebrated classic, one that is a horror story of monumental proportions, but is simultaneously literary. The Mud Man, by Richard Blythe, a tale of horror, intrigue, and disturbing events that shake a young mind to their bones - this is the story that made Edie fall in love with books.<br /><br />As an adult, she now works in the publishing industry and has a somewhat strained relationship with her parents in which not much is shared about their young lives. Disjointed this may be, Edie is aware that when her mother was a child, she was one of the many evacuees in England during World War II, and was the only one safely stationed at Milderhurst Castle. Already a Gothic and mysterious home it is even more so filled with secrets since this was the home of the very author of The Mud Man. Edie was always curious about her mother's relationship to this castle and the family, and while on a business trip, she decides to take a slight detour and visit the famous castle. While there, she meets the three daughters of Raymond Blythe, now much older while on a tour of the house, and is invited back much later to write the introduction for the release of a new edition of their father's famous story.<br /><br />Back and forth between the 1930s and the 1990s, and told from different characters' perspectives, this is simply haunting and Gothic, through and through. Where did the story of The Mud Man truly come from? Why is the oldest sister, Percy, so gruff and cold? Why is the youngest, Juniper,  still waiting for her fianc&eacute;, even though it's been over fifty years? And what really was their relationship with Edie's mother?<br /><br />Once again, as with The House at Riverton, I find I'm always mesmerized with the mystery, the characters, their sadness, and their regrets. The story is creepy and detailed, and while I thought the end was a bit too nicely wrapped up for this eloquently haunting story, I was absolutely satisfied yet again with Kate Morton's work. I look forward to downloading another audiobook from her, and Caroline Lee as the narrator was extremely impressive. My first time listening to her voice, and I look forward to more.and cold? Why is the youngest, Juniper,  still waiting for her fiancé, even though it's been over fifty years? And what really was their relationship with Edie's mother?  Once again, as with The House at Riverton, I find I'm always mesmerized with the mystery, the characters, their sadness, and their regrets. The story is creepy and detailed, and while I thought the end was a bit too nicely wrapped up for this eloquently haunting story, I was absolutely satisfied yet again with Kate Morton's work. I look forward to downloading another audiobook from her, and Caroline Lee as the narrator was extremely impressive. My first time listening to her voice, and I look forward to more.
B0058VW36U|4.0|addicting cute game! starts easy and stays pretty simple... I got three stars on my first try on the most of the game but later levels will become baffling... very little help online except for iphones version which is different... all and all give it a try it is fun for an app!
1416562605|4.0|Balram Halwai is the narrator of this darkly comical view of life in contemporary India. The main theme of the novel is the stark contrast between the `Darkness' inhabited by the working class and the rural poor and the `Light' occupied by the wealthy, as India rises to be a modern global economy.  There are other contrasts included: the religious tensions between Hindus and Muslims, as well as the tension for individuals between family loyalty and independence.<br /><br />Balram's story comes to us via seven letters to the Chinese prime minister who, Balram has decided, should be told the truth about India before a forthcoming state visit. And Balram's form of truth, and his own part in India's transition, makes for interesting reading.<br /><br />Balram lived in the village of Laxmangarh, deep in rural India.  He's the son of a rickshaw puller, and is unable - because of his family's poverty - to finish school.  Despite being clever, and being promised a scholarship, Balram is forced to work.  One of his jobs involves wiping tables in a Dhanbad teashop.  When Balram learns of the high salary paid to car drivers, he learns to drive and gets a lucky break when a rich man from his village (known as `The Stork') hires him as a chauffeur for his son, Ashok, who lives in New Delhi.  Living in New Delhi is a revelation for Balram, who quickly becomes aware of immense wealth and opportunity around him, and of the great chasm between the wealthy and the poor.  These experiences make Balram worldlier and more ambitious, and he wants to be part of this glamorous new India.<br /><br />So, how does Balram make his own transition from the Darkness into the Light?  By murdering his employer, and assuming a new identity.<br />`White men will be finished within my lifetime', he tells, us. `In my humble opinion, in twenty years' time, it will be just us yellow men and brown men at the top of the pyramid, and we'll rule the whole world.'<br /><br />I admired this novel rather than enjoyed it.  Some of the different worlds of India may well be accurately depicted, and they are neither comfortable nor pleasant.  Of course, the setting is both important and irrelevant: important because it is the tension between the haves and the have-nots that underpin this story; irrelevant because those tensions occur in most (if not all) countries.<br /><br />Jennifer Cameron-Smithf India may well be accurately depicted, and they are neither comfortable nor pleasant.  Of course, the setting is both important and irrelevant: important because it is the tension between the haves and the have-nots that underpin this story; irrelevant because those tensions occur in most (if not all) countries.  Jennifer Cameron-Smith
B005G4TJI4|1.0|This film truly shows how filmmakers attempt to ride success. This movie is really bad. Even with some new blood (or should I say blonde) I couldn't hardly stand to finish the whole thing. But I did. What a waste.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|One of my favorite top ten action movies of all time!!!! Saw it at the movies in 3D, loved it, got it on BluRay just as stunning! This movie is visual art, only Avatar can rival it.  Just an incredible movie, The best Micheal Bay heads down. The story line, the acting, and the effects are unbelievable, they took Avatar technology to the next level as far movement and is a step more realistic. Shockwaves scenes are arguably some of the best ever done! Looking at these reviews people have become so jaded that nothing can no longer impress them. A lot of time and effort with into making this movie and it shows in the details. Take my word get this movie in bluray and you WILL NOT be disappointed.
B0055EAJ7A|3.0|POST-PRODUCTION 3D (converted from 2D to 3D)<br /><br />My ratings are based mainly on the QUALITY OF THE 3D, not the video content.<br /><br />There are about 30 out of screen effects that extend about 10% of the way, from the screen to the viewer and another 5 around 20%. Almost all OOS effects are short duration during fast moving action scenes. There were only a hand full of flaws in the 3D that I noticed. Most of the in screen 3D was OK with a few scenes being somewhat muted.<br /><br />All in all, not bad for a post-production (FAKE) 3D film, but don't expect many clearly defined OOS effects. If you watch for the OOS, most of the time you will find yourself thinking; Was that out, or not??? It is easy to see, by the camera work, that this film was never intended to be in 3D.<br /><br />*** Not a good film to show off your 3D system ***<br />*** However, one of the better FAKE 3D movies ***<br /><br />MY 3D RATING = GOOD (poor, fair, good, very good, excellent)<br /><br />Note: As far as the percentages go, everyone's eyes are different. What I see at 25% you may see at 15% or 35%. To fully realize how far something is out of the screen for you, pause on an effect and direct a partner with an extended finger to the tip of what you are seeing. You may be surprised.<br /><br />Click on `See all my reviews' for the lowdown on other 3Ds
0545265355|5.0|I got the set pretty quickly, and it was in perfectly new condition! Even had a great little box to hold all three of the books! Great experience buying!
B004G25V9S|5.0|Opeth fan's fall somewhere in between these two categories...  The one's that love Opeth for the heavy death metal growls and riffs, and the fan's that love them for their progressive, and technical prowess.  I lean towards the latter.  This album will alienate the hardcore death metal fans.  When I first listened to Opeth I couldn't stand the death metal yelling, but I learned to love it because of how progressive their sound was.  This album is the culmination of their transition to a purely progressive band.  I do miss the death metal I had grown to love, but a good band grows over the years.  I for one welcome the change.  We still have all the previous albums to listen to.  And I'm sure they will still play songs from them live.  Though we might never hear Mike's death metal growls again...
B000KKPN5C|3.0|I wasn't expecting much and that's what I got.  After a half-dozen shots it starts taking several minutes to recharge and shots are missed.  It's really only suited for fill, and the built-in can perform that role.  I think I will return it, bite the bullet, and buy an SB-600.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book took me by surprise. It had been on my shelf for a very long time and I kept picking it up and putting it down again. Then last week I read the first chapter with no real intention of reading it all but it had me hooked . It is truly original. Don't waste a moment more go and buy it. As soon as I finished it I had to buy the next two in the series.
B004YCKK6Y|5.0|So messed up but so entertaining. One of those movies you'll definitely won't get bored at any part of the movie. The Bell boy is the best part! Don't want to give the details away and spoil the movie.
B000Z8GZYW|5.0|I have been watching this movie every year since it was released.  I look forward to Ground hog Day every February only because I know they will show this movie.  I'm glad I finally bought it and I can watch it whenever I feel like men cannot learn.
0756686970|5.0|I bought this for my son, the Lego nut!  I was originally going to keep it and give it to him for Christmas, but he kept asking for it every time he would see an ad for it online, so I gave it to him a few months early!<br /><br />The book itself is great.  It has full-page closeups of just about every Lego Star Wars minifigure ever produced.  Along with the pictures there are all kinds of fun Lego facts about the minifigures, their variations, and even what sets they are included in.<br /><br />The book is a must-have for Lego Star Wars afficianados, but any Star Wars fan would get enjoyment from this book.  Also, you don't even need to know anything about the Lego Star Wars world to understand this book.  it explains it all for you!<br /><br />Great for all ages!
1609611543|5.0|Wow. What a book!  It is hard to describe the eye-opening experience of reading this book. It is well written, cogent and, frankly, frightening in its indictment of current dietary guidelines.  It isn't a book I would have ordinarily purchased but it became available for free to review so I took the plunge and got it because I was curious to see what it had to say and I'd just finished reading [[ASIN:0307272702 Why We Get Fat: And What to Do About It]] (which piqued my curiosity). I highly recommend Taubes book too - it is an excellent read.  I've heard the conspiracy theorist for years and years about genetically altered food but I'd always sort of rolled my eyes and wrote it off as a health nut fringe issue (beg pardon to the health nuts).  I mean really, the whole shebang seemed sort of kooky. Gluten free? I didn't think it was unhealthy but I did think it was silly. After all, Healthy Whole Grains is plastered on so much of the stuff you see at the stores and in advertising and, of course, the USDA's food chart.  I was a convert, at least tentatively, within the first 50 pages or so. A total convert shortly thereafter. I've been wheat free for at least 6 weeks and feeling great.  I also began a low-carb way of life at about the same time. Thanks to Taubes book and my previous experience with the Atkins diet about 15 years ago.  For a little history - I've always suffered from constant headaches. Several times a week at least. I was always popping OTC pain relievers like aspirin, ibuprofen, naproxen sodium and acetaminophen. It was just a normal way of living for me. I didn't think too much about it really.  Since going wheat free and low-carb I have had maybe 3 headaches(?) that I had to take something for I think. I've had a few others but I could ignore them and they'd go away - a very, very rare occurrence previously. In fact, I've been forgetting to take my vitamins every now and then and I realized it was because the pillbox sits where the pain relievers are and I never reach for them any more so the pillbox is likewise neglected. That was an amazing experience realizing that.  The book is well documented, well written and a damning expose on the nutrition industry such as it is. It will make you think twice before blindly believing something because a so-called scientific study proves it. That goes for this book too. Read it and make up your own mind. Think critically.  After writing my review I took a look at the low rating reviews to see if I missed anything. In particular I found the review done by Jody Byrne \\"GoodHeartTrue\\", a one star review, to be an interesting rebuttal to the high reviews. I don't agree with the review, really any part of it, but it is worth reading to see what a gluten free person that is not a fan of the book has to say.  The review written by  Isadore Ducasse, a two star review, is a great example of what you are up against if you choose to follow Dr. Davis' advice and remove wheat from your diet. Although Isadore mentions specifics from the book she does not accurately portray the content of the book. And her end assertion that (dietary related) disease has been conquered by the modern wheat focused diet is laughable.  Get the book. Get wheat free.
B000HAB4VM|5.0|I'm sad there's only one season of Firefly.  The characters in this series are fun, interesting, and bounce off one another excellently.  It's a great lead into the Serenity movie as well.  My only negative comment is that the tv series has a slower pace than the movie, but the characters are great enough that it's not a detriment to the star rating.  5 stars!!
B005HXGE9G|4.0|Back when I reviewed the Scratch My Back release, I stated that the listener shouldn't really think of it as a Peter Gabriel album but rather as just a tribute to the songs that were on the album.<br />New blood isn't much different, but given that here he is essentially covering himself, it is probably easier for a listener to accomplish... afterall, if he released an album of his own songs in the typical Peter Gabriel style, it would just be a remaster or compilation.<br /><br />Instead, we have an album that shows us what a tribute or cover album should be about.  Granted, it isn't fair to say that directly given he is covering himself.  Never-the-less, I was amazed at how good this album is.  It is a fantastic recording of reinterpretations of what he feels are some of his best songs.  The recordings are \\"stripped\\" down to vocals and orchestra  if you can call an orchestra stripped) and give a feel that is fresh and new to these otherwise familiar songs.<br /><br />The album works with the only exception being Solsbury Hill, which he acknowledges as something he only added due to fan mail.  I'm happy he was responsive to his fans, but considering he hadn't liked it originally, I think the artist should stick with his instinct.  That song was a bit shallow sounding compared to the remainder of the album... Songs like Digging the Dirt and In Your Eyes sound awesome, while Solsbury Hill feels like it is missing a section of the orchestra.  A Quiet Moment is also a little silly as it is merely blank space to keep Solbury Hill separated from what he felt was the core album.<br /><br />The only other comment I'd have is that I wish he would have released this before Scratch My Back.  It is really ideal for the listener to hear him play his own songs in this \\"new\\" style and interpretation before hearing him move on to the tracks he covered.  It makes it easier to accept that recording and this as Peter Gabriel, and it makes it easier to see just how great of a musician he is.<br /><br />As for the 2 disc set I purchased.  For the money, I can't complain, but I feel it doesn't do much for my experience.  It is literally the orchestra arrangements without the vocals.  Perhaps if I was into singing or Karaoke, it would be good, but I doubt I'll listen to it much.  There are a couple of additional songs that may be worth it to the die hard Gabriel fans, but you probably know who you are.I purchased.  For the money, I can't complain, but I feel it doesn't do much for my experience.  It is literally the orchestra arrangements without the vocals.  Perhaps if I was into singing or Karaoke, it would be good, but I doubt I'll listen to it much.  There are a couple of additional songs that may be worth it to the die hard Gabriel fans, but you probably know who you are.
B005LJK3AC|1.0|Jennifer Anison's  and Colin Ferrell's worst role to date. Digusting and foul. Don't waste your time or money. Pitiful excuse for a movie.
B0048NXG4W|3.0|Love the movie, saw it in Mexico when I was young.  The quality of the recording is not too good, but I am happy to have found, and now own my copy. Shipper was very professional. Product was shipped very promptly.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Received this controller knowing it was used, coulda fooled me its like brand new awesome quality and flawless operation will definitely be getting more product from this company
B004LWZW42|5.0|Love the saga I must have to have this one,  good performance and actors, greath special efects I really liked this movie
0439023483|5.0|This series has some of my favorite covers that I have ever seen. They are so symbolic and they all fit well together.<br /><br />I will start off by saying, if you have not read this series, WHY NOT? I adore how fearless Suzanne Collins is in her writing and she takes these books to places I never thought they would go. I believe Katniss is a really positive role model for our youth and genuinely a real character. She is opinionated, stubborn, a survivor and confused. These characteristics just add to the ability to view her as a tangible, real person.<br /><br />I would classify The Hunger Games (and the whole series) as a must read for lovers of Young Adult or dystopian novels. You do not have to be a teenager to fall in love with this book.<br /><br />I am absolutely 100% looking forward to the movie. I am nervous about it, but mainly excited. My suggestion would be (if you're one of the 10 people who haven't read this) to read this before, but not too close, to the movie. Re-reading this made me really want to check out Battle Royale by Koushun Takami for the first time. I have heard nothing but good things about it and the stories are fairly similar.
B003TML0VO|3.0|Black Magic Woman is one of my favourite Santana recordings.  It's written by an original guitar great (Peter Green) and re-interpreted with a big twist of latin percussion and Santana's unique guitar style.  So this was my expectation when I came across this CD.  But I was somewhat disappointed;  the big twist of latin percussion seemed to be missing.  I did turn the volume up when listening in the car, and the percussion becomes more pronounced.  But it is generally subdued;  like the sun appearing behind a thin layer of grey clouds rather than shining in all its brilliance on a perfectly clear day.  Presumably, I did not get the concept for this recording right.  And in this sense it was not in-line with my expectations.  There are some highlights, though.  The stand-out track for me is \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\".  This is a true, imaginative re-interpretation with tremendous vocals by India.Arie.  Carlos' acoustic guitar is a really clever inclusion on this track. And you can't really go wrong with Yo-Yo  Ma.  I do really like this track.  Some way behind this, but still a pleasure to listen to, is Little Wing.  Perhaps this is becasue it's one of my favourite songs anyway.  There's not too much of Hendrix in this version, but there is a hint of Derek and the Dominos (if you listen carefully).  And there's a big dose of Woodstock nostalgia as Joe Cocker takes the vocal lead.   On my use of the Amazon scale, three stars just about captures the ups and the downs for me.
0439023491|5.0|*******SPOILERS FOR THE HUNGER GAMES**********<br /><br />Catching Fire by Suzanne Collins is the sequel to the New York Times Bestseller The Hunger Games.  The Hunger Games revolves around sixteen year old Katniss Everdeen who lives in Panem, which came about after the destruction of North America.  Panem consists of 12 districts (the 13th was destroyed after a rebellion) and is run by the Capitol.  Every year the Capitol selects one male and one female between the ages of 12 and 18 from each of the districts to participate in the \\"Hunger Games\\" to remind them of the rebellion of District 13 which occurred 74 years earlier.  Each tribute must adapt to fighting and surviving in an arena until only one tribute remains.  It is the ultimate fight to the death. The Hunger Games are somewhat Survivor-esque with twists and turns thrown at the tributes from the Gamemakers. The arena changes with each Hunger Games so no one knows what to expect.  As another unpleasant event, everyone at home is forced to watch the Hunger Games on television.  The winner of each Hunger Games receives safety, food and security, which is not common in Panem.  Even this basic rule is bound to change.  The results of the 74th Hunger Games ultimately leads us into what is the second book in the trilogy, Catching Fire. While survival seems to be the word in The Hunger Games, rebellion seems to be the word in Catching Fire. All of the rules of the Hunger Games are about to change and we are taken along for the ride.<br /><br />Katniss is a tough girl who has been taking care of her mother and younger sister ever since the early death of her father.  District 12, where Katniss is from, is quite small and rarely produces winning tributes.  I guarantee you will fall in love with the characters in The Hunger Games and they will not disappoint you in Catching Fire.  They are back with bells on and we even get to add some depth to quite a few more of them.  Suzanne Collins isn't afraid to talk about controversial issues and you end up loving the book even more for it.  I devoured Catching Fire in no time.  Warning: the cliffhanger at the end iskiller!  The Hunger Games is being made into a movie to be released in 2012.  To say I am thrilled about this would be the understatement of the century!<br /><br />I really, really enjoyed this book (and the preceding one) and I strongly suggest you to check both of them out!  Make sure you have an open schedule when you pick them up to read because you are not going to want to put them down!  You feel immersed in the world of Katniss and the supporting characters to a point where you can almost see their situation as being a reality.  I am still on a post-reading high (I started writing this review mere minutes after I was done reading) and I am so glad that this one did not disappoint.roversial issues and you end up loving the book even more for it.  I devoured Catching Fire in no time.  Warning: the cliffhanger at the end iskiller!  The Hunger Games is being made into a movie to be released in 2012.  To say I am thrilled about this would be the understatement of the century!<br /><br />I really, really enjoyed this book (and the preceding one) and I strongly suggest you to check both of them out!  Make sure you have an open schedule when you pick them up to read because you are not going to want to put them down!  You feel immersed in the world of Katniss and the supporting characters to a point where you can almost see their situation as being a reality.  I am still on a post-reading high (I started writing this review mere minutes after I was done reading) and I am so glad that this one did not disappoint.
B005WWBP1O|5.0|This book is an excellent tale of love and life. Every one should read this book at least once. Jane Austen was a wonderful writer.
0439023513|5.0|*********SPOILERS****************<br /><br />The cover, oh the glorious cover. I love all of the covers for this series. This one, with the mockingjay bursting out of the circle, is just beautiful and a bit symbolic. I literally was petting this book when it arrived on my porch. I probably shouldn't be telling people that.<br /><br />I'll start off my review by saying that I really loved this book and it's one of my favorite series' as a whole. I think Suzanne Collins' writing is beautiful and she never fails to surprise me. Typically I can figure out what is going to happen in a story, but I find myself always saying things like, \\"wow!\\" or \\"oh my gosh\\" while reading her books. A huge bravo to her there. Mockingjay was heartbreaking and beautiful.<br /><br />Finnick is the character that grew the most for me. He caused me to tear up on more than one occasion and his death was the one that hit me the hardest. There were a few moments with Finnick that I found myself re-reading the passages. They included his monologue for the propos where he outed President Snow for what he was putting the victors through, his reunion with Annie, his final moments and when he gave Katniss the rope. Picture Annie without Finnick and I dare you not to cry. Wah. He became one of my favorite characters out of all three books. I think he even beat Rue out.<br /><br />I wish we would have found out exactly what happened to Cinna. I cried when they gave Katniss the book from him. I so wished he was coming back.<br />Now, I do have one major gripe with the book....Gale. I felt like he was cheated. Having some fancy job in District 2 where he was on the TV was insulting to his character, I think. Gale having a high-profile job seems so out of character for him. He felt out of character for most of the book, in fact. His story is something I am still thinking about and I don't think I will ever be satisfied with it. My friend, Laura, commented that he would have been better off heading off into the wilderness with only a knife and a bow. I couldn't agree more. I didn't need him to end up with Katniss, I just needed him to be himself. Oh well, I could go on and on with this one.<br /><br />Another smaller one is that I found it a bit unbelievable for the main four (Katniss, Gale, Peeta and Haymitch) to all survive. Death is a huge part of that world, it is a war after all, so it seems as if all four of them making it out, damaged as they were, was unrealistic.<br /><br />Also, here is a little grumble for the fan-base. I really, really don't like when \\"teams\\" are brought into the foreground with this trilogy. I get the whole \\"Team Edward\\" and \\"Team Jacob\\" thing because, face it, Twilight is basically a love story with a dash of paranormal. The Hunger Games trilogy is so much more. It's a dystopian war society where the love story is just a small part of what is happening. I would have loved the books just as much (probably a bit more) if the love triangle wasn't involved. I mean, do love triangles actually happen in real life? I have a hard enough time getting one guy to have an interest in me, let alone two guys who would absolutely do anything for me. That's another story, I suppose. Sorry if I offended anyone there, that wasn't my intention at all.bow. I couldn't agree more. I didn't need him to end up with Katniss, I just needed him to be himself. Oh well, I could go on and on with this one.    Another smaller one is that I found it a bit unbelievable for the main four (Katniss, Gale, Peeta and Haymitch) to all survive. Death is a huge part of that world, it is a war after all, so it seems as if all four of them making it out, damaged as they were, was unrealistic.  Also, here is a little grumble for the fan-base. I really, really don't like when \\"teams\\" are brought into the foreground with this trilogy. I get the whole \\"Team Edward\\" and \\"Team Jacob\\" thing because, face it, Twilight is basically a love story with a dash of paranormal. The Hunger Games trilogy is so much more. It's a dystopian war society where the love story is just a small part of what is happening. I would have loved the books just as much (probably a bit more) if the love triangle wasn't involved. I mean, do love triangles actually happen in real life? I have a hard enough time getting one guy to have an interest in me, let alone two guys who would absolutely do anything for me. That's another story, I suppose. Sorry if I offended anyone there, that wasn't my intention at all.
B003TSEEDY|5.0|This book was neat to me because I was in high school at the same time of Charlie's story. His story was Catcher in the Rye meets The Wonder Years meets the really short but awesome TV series Freaks and Geeks.  I think everyone knows someone like Charlie, who really is innocent and sweet, a little socially awkward, but extremely intelligent.  I think the author was trying to make him slightly autistic, but he was highly functioning in that he could drive, attend normal classes, etc.    I really enjoyed it and read it in less than 24 hours.
B0044KU7EQ|5.0|I've had this set for nearly a year now and have been though it several times now and it's really wonderful. I can't say these are the best quality selections by the artists but they are of nice quality and with such a huge collection put in one box it's well worth the money for the education weather you've been into the blues for a long time or just starting. The last few years I've been getting into what many call &#34;Old Time Music&#34; or &#34;Medicine Show Music&#34; and really Pre-WWII Blues is all wrapped up in it. The history and depth of it all is in here. All the greats and many of the unknown are here so there is plenty for everyone and the booklet is very educational so what are you waiting for?
B0058VW36U|5.0|Enjoyed this app. Easy learning curve and addicting. Got it as a FAOTD but worth the money even without the this.
B005S7GT32|5.0|Big ups to Peter and his orchestra dorks.  Ok, food for thought.  At one time not too long ago, relative to the birth of bands referred to, Sting and his continued work was said to be irrelevant.  My thoughts were I like Sting and still, yes, Sting is irrelevant.  But for old Peter G.  Much of his work, even today represented by new blood, has such an energy that is hard to ignore.  Is Peter G. still relevant?  I say YES.  To those who are fortunate enough to have a slip and fall in the closet while listening to Lil' Wayne into a bin with their parent's Peter G. So album.
B00004Z4SD|1.0|[[ASIN:B000065KLW Straight Story (Ws)]]<br /><br />Ordered the medium priced copy and received a severely edited 'version' which raped the original film footage and story. There can be no such thing as a 'version'.<br />You gave the impression of selling the original.<br />The $15 lost was bad enough. Watching a 'clipped' version is what really hurt.<br />Screw me once, your fault. Screw me twice, my fault.<br />It will not happen.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|this version as good as the iphone version that came out many years back.  but since then they've got an update to a new version with all the features that are present on the pc version.
B005OZE9SA|5.0|It took me a while to get this device set up properly.  Technical support was little help, and by the time I got their number, I had figured out the issue on my own.  This difficulty wasn't the product's fault - it was mine, for being new to using ASIO.  I was still trying to output via my soundcard, while inputting via the interface and the applications were dying in the process.  Once I quit splitting the workload between the devices, everything worked like a charm.  I got the latency down to acceptably microscopic. 6ms actual tested return latency at 64 samples in+out @24/96khz (compared to the DAW claimed latency of 2ms).    My current signal chain: Mic -> Trakmaster Pro (hardware compression is vital when recording digitally) -> 2i2 -> PC.  Even when I was recording on directsound drivers, it sounded pretty good - except for the latency.  But now the latency is sufficiently small that it's not a major distraction during tracking.  There will be people who claim that 6ms is far too much, and maybe they are really that time sensitive.  However, For the average home recording hobbyist, 6ms is a synonym for imperceptibly fast.  If you're looking for that secret $150 audio interface that is exactly as good as a $1500 MOTU, let me assure you that it does not exist.  That said, I defend my 5 star rating as follows:  The 2i2 is a massive step up from recording with a cheap PC microphone through your onboard sound chip.  The latency is far improved, the D/A conversion is superior to a soundcard not specifically designed for recording, and the whole thing is reasonably transparent.  It's only got 2 inputs, but I only record 1 musician at a time to avoid bleed, and I never record drums.  So even recording in stereo, I'd never need more.  It does exactly what I need, which is to allow me to interface my audio hardware seamlessly and transparently into my computer.    It even comes with a reasonably decent DAW (Ableton Live Lite)  There's a lot of people out who want to start recording, but don't have a lot of money to spend.  It's easy to get caught up in the 'which one is better' game, causing costs to escalate quickly.    No interface is going to make your $20 radio shack microphone sound professional.  If your recording equipment is good you'll get good results from the 2i2.
B0042U2HN2|5.0|These sound better to me than the 20-year-old CDs in my collection of some of the same music. That suggests they were re-mastered or something like that for this release, which makes it worthwhile to upgrade if you already have some of these as I did.
0316017922|5.0|Is truly a great book and one that you really need to read if you're starting your career and want to be successful. It helps you embrace your ethnicity, cultural background and other personal \\"baggage\\" and realize the good and the bad of the hand you got dealt. The best part is that gaining that awareness will help you create a plan to compensate or potentialize these subtleties of your own history.<br /><br />A really great read. Very good for new parents too.
0446585025|2.0|I love watching Ellen's show, however I really did not enjoy this book.  It's what I would call, stupid humor.  There was no point to the book and it felt like she kept writing in circles.
B003QNXPUK|5.0|Many people seem to dislike the Invisible Shields and the orange peel texture so I was skeptical to purchase it. I had a professional apply it for me and could not be happier with. It has the full body protection on it, a great texture and it is not visible on the phone. You can read all the reviews you want, everyone's opinion is going to vary so your best bet is to see it in person. Some malls have an Invisible Shield Kiosk  so you can even check out the product there. Despite many others' feelings, I am very happy with the product. It allows me to protect my phone without a bulky case on it since no case can do the phone justice of its great shape and look.
B0055EAJ7A|3.0|Watching Thor in 3D was awesome. Would recommend this movie to anyone looking for good 3D. Good storyline decent acting.
B00003CXB4|5.0|I received the tape within one week of ordering it and it was in excellant condition.  I will deifinitely order from this vendor again.  Thank you
B001GUXJQA|4.0|Being able to read Michael Connelly's second Harry Bosch novel, The Black Ice, on Kindle courtesy of our county library was a thrill.  Having recently read and loved The Black Echo, I had intended to read the series in order and am succeeding.  Where The Black Echo had me hooked from the start, this one didn't grab me as quickly.  As I read both, I reminded myself that these were written twenty years ago, and tried not to judge or draw the actions to current times.  Having said that, I like the characters Michael Connelly has created.  When I say \\"like\\", I don't mean that I want them as friends, but rather that the characters are fleshy.  I can visualize them, hear them, smell them, and their actions and dialogue are believable.  The pacing fluctuates, becoming quicker with the more active scenarios, slowing down with the more subdued interactions, often between two people.  It's quite often that as a story progresses, the outcome is revealed, but that's not the case in The Black Ice.  He surprised me and that's a good thing because it makes me want to read more, so I'm wait listed at the library for the next two novels in this series.  Because this is not a book which I find so great as to want to read it again, I'm rating it with 4 stars.  For me, it did not surpass The Black Echo.  That need not dissuade another reader from checking it out and I'm still anticipating the next developments in Harry Bosch's life.
0385534639|5.0|All I can say is WOW! I purchased this after reading the reviews and it was worth every penny....in fact I would have paid more! I had a hard time putting it down and was actually sad when the story ended. So well written....the characters were intriguing...the story sucked me in from the first chapter. I can't wait to read more from this author. Well Done! BRAVO!!!!!
B005W8SNNG|4.0|If you enjoy campy, fun, and very predictable movies every now and then, here is a movie for you.  It really hit the spot for me and the fact that Diaz is playing such a foul mouth lewd character makes it that much better because who would have ever seen this coming! She is a most \\"naughty teacher\\" and the most politically incorrect character I have seen in any movie in years to boot. So, grab a beer, some pizza, and sit back and prepare to be entertained. This is not a glass of wine and french food type of movie. Bet you can't watch it without at least laughing so hard your belly hurts. While I usually don't watch comedies because they usually bore me, this one truly is funny and has not other purpose than to provide entertainment. Entertained I most certainly was!
B003L77GGK|5.0|Just when you thought you knew what was coming, they change it up and blow your mind. This season is awesome!  I can't believe the last 2 episodes we just watched!  Don't be left out in the cold...it's time to get Season Six and guess who is back again?? You won't be disappointed.
1439192812|1.0|Dogma is dogma, regardless of the methodology.  It has no place in our search for the truth.  Shall we ever be liberated from these ingrained failings?  Eradication is in order.  I'm doing my part, for the good of the land.  Someone greater--my Savior--I beseech you: write a book about it!
0810997827|5.0|My son, who is not an avid reader, has almost read the entire set! Hopefully this will be a gateway to more reading in his future.
B001BPJJ9G|5.0|This is a little girl story. A movie from the heart to the heart. You will realise you own a colour television. And recall how much you loved Dennis Potter's [[ASIN:B00007HGIJ The Singing Detective]]. The twists in the narrative are as wild as the visual delights. A sense of scale is bypassed. Always love that. And originality keeping you on board.<br /><br />Made in 2006 it crossed my path as a 'recommended to you.' Sometimes I take a punt on an unknown winner. [[ASIN:B000059TON Yi Yi: A One and a Two]] lasted fifteen minutes recently. Try it again when I'm in the mood of empty. The Fall hit the spot right from its opening black and white shots. Glad the little girl isn't sugar-plum pretty. Or quaintly dumb. All kids are bilingual.<br /><br />Beethoven's 7th symphony greets you and holds your hand throughout. Deadly daring and comic punnery punctuate our smiles. Style and substance glide side by side. Heroes and heartthrobs - the stuff of Pictures and kissing. Treat your widescreen to child definition. Truly beguiling.
B004J4WKTW|1.0|I am bored to tears. I'm about halfway through reading this book and I think I'm going to cut my losses and move on to something different. This book is filled with descriptions of the Night Circus and not much more. I keep waiting for the plot to develop but very little happens - a group of mystical people in the late 1800s meet for dinner and plan a mystical circus that is only open at night. Someone goes to Germany to purchase a magical clock, blah, blah, blah. And then the circus shows up from one city to another and the performers are mystical and magical and nothing happens! Is this book like a circus version of The Hunger Games where two young people spar to see which one survives? Seriously, after spending so much time trying to enjoy this book, I don't even care any  more. Don't waste your time or your money.
B0009X7664|5.0|Very, very pleased with the DVD.  It was brand new, and came with additional attractions such as extra DVD about the film, small posters that would have been in other countries, and a separate review by Harper Lee about Gregory Peck.
1455510319|2.0|I've been reading and collecting the Bosch books since the series started, and so I started reading the Mickey Haller books when they came out, as well. They had potential - and I hoped Connelly would work his usual magic with them - but \\"The Fifth Witness\\" was so boring, so stilted, so stiff, so predictable and so very bad that I finished it (yes, I did finish it) and promptly gave all the \\"Lincoln Lawyer\\" books (four of them) to my company's lending library. I just wanted to get them off my shelves and clear the way for something - anything - of higher quality. Huge disappointment and waste of time. Beware!
B004J4WL50|4.0|Start Something That Matters does a fantastic job telling the Story of Toms and many other companies that have successfully integrated giving into their business model. It offers practical advice and inspiration delivered in a straightforward, easy to read manner. Keep up the great work Blake!
0525423281|5.0|There are novels that you just wish would go on and on because they're so beautifully written and you get so immersed in the characters' lives that the end comes way too soon. Lola and the Boy Next Door is one of those rare novels. Actually, Stephanie Perkins is one of those rare writers! There wasn't one character I didn't feel a connection to, even the not-so-nice hot, rocker boyfriend Max. I absolutely adored Lola's fathers and how they coped with Lola's unique flare and encouraged her to be her own person by fostering her love of creating and wearing costumes. I love how they nurtured her and raised her to be an independent thinker. I love how Cricket, the boy next door, is flawed but absolutely perfect for the imperfect Lola - it just takes time for their lives to mesh. And I love how Stephanie Perkins brought back our favorite couple from Anna and the French Kiss!   Conclusion? I absolutely loved this YA novel. :D
B0041KKYGU|5.0|Normally I am not a fan of Cameron Diaz, but here, in Bad Teacher, she shines. It may be her best work that she will ever accomplish. You want to hate her, but you can't. She's too funny. She's mean, and raunchy, and so unbelievably gorgeous it's disgusting, but she ROCKS this role. This movie reminds me of another one of my favorite, quirky high school themed movies, Election. Sit back, relax, watch this movie and prepare to be entertained! IT'S SO BAD TO BE GOOD!!!!!!!!
0808514520|3.0|The story is an engrossing one, with lots of nice detail. It is something to relax with but not in any sense enlifting. The drawback is that one can watch the film and get many of the points in the book, slightly changed to suit censors. The packaging led to losing 1 star. The pages are close to the binding and the text is close to the edge. I suppose this is the drawback of a cheap edition. On th whole, OK and no large complaints.
B003VANOFY|5.0|Awesome headphones! I can't hear anything while I am using them.  My wife hates them. 7.1 sounds awesome while playing single player games, however, when you are using any sort of VOIP, people sound funny.
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|the newest seasons is full of ads. I timed it and I am getting g ads every 2 minutes. with this new version you have to hit the back button two times now to exit ads. I also get ads right in the middle of a game. doesn't even wait until your done. the ads make it a joke. and even if you get this AP<br />on amazon on the AP a day free you think your getting a paid AP for free<br /> your geting the free version full of ads. no longer worth playing.
B004DLPXAO|3.0|this is for the Amazon version. why is the more recent version available on the Android Market and not here?! newer version gets full five.
B005IZLPMY|3.0|\\"Our goal is to create the greatest army in history. But every army begins with one man. He will be the first in a new breed of super-soldier.\\" After tiny Steve Rogers is once again denied entrance to the US Army he is followed by Dr. Abraham Erskine. When told about an option to join he jumps on it. After a series of tests he is given an experimental procedure to make him s \\"super-soldier\\". He comes out bigger, stronger and faster. He becomes Captain America. This movie is another victim of hype. This is a very good movie, but it's not the \\"best superhero\\" movie ever. I do think that the releasing has a lot to do with that. In my opinion the best superhero movie of the year was \\"X-Men : First Class\\", and if this came out first I may have liked this more. The one thing I really liked about this movie is that it was more like \\"X-Men\\" then \\"Green Lantern\\" in the fact that it was more about the story then effects. That did help the movie, as well as the casting. Overall, this is a good movie but with the hype, as well as the other comic book movies released lately, I was expecting more. I give it a B.<br /><br />*Also try - Iron Man & X-Men : First Class
B004LROMQG|5.0|This show continues to get better and better with each season. One of the things that I have always loved about this show is that it is entertaining for all ages, and is a great show to watch with family and friends.  This season is stock full of interesting twists and turns while still keeping it light and playful. We see Arthur and Gwen's relationship blossom into a more realistic and heartwarming love. We get to see Merlin and Arthur have even more bro-mance moments. We still get those heart-touching moments between Gaius and Merlin. We meet some great new characters that provide comic relief as well as interesting new plot twists. We even get some great laughs (the episode with the goblin is hilarious...). We also see a much darker side to Camelot, which is the continual thread throughout the season. My only qualm with this series is Morgana's portrayal - my friend and I counted the evil smirks throughout the season and there are just too many of them. The series begins and ends with some of the best episodes, and it's definitely a show that is continuing to grow and blossom - and I can't wait to see what's in store for the rest of Season 4 as well as the bonus features that will be on the DVD!  This is definitely a show you want to check out with your family and friends. It watches almost like a movie at times, and even though I've seen the seasons multiple times, I still love watching them again (and getting new friends hooked on them!). Please, do yourself a favor and check out this excellent show.
B003HARV3Y|5.0|Ok so I bet everyone is giving it bad reviews just because it doesnt follow the story line at all. It truly doesnt follow it, and the characters are all messed up, but who really cares!? I mean we should be happy that we got a movie for the books at all! The qaulity of the movie is really good and I loved it!! I watch it all the time!! I really wanted to see the movie, and I ended up getting it during Thanksgiving last year. If you are a Percy Jackson book freak, I suggest that you should buy this movie.. NOW!! Be aware of story mistakes including:<br />1. Annabeth NOT having blonde hair and grey eyes<br />2. No pact with the big three<br />3. They are 16!<br />4. No capture the flag<br />5. No being \\"claimed\\" by their parent, Percy somehow knew who his father was<br /><br />And a lot of other mistakes!!<br /><br />I really enjoyed this movie, and hopefully you will too!!!! :D
B004UJAOLM|5.0|Wuthering Heights may be my all-time favorite novel. Heathcliff and Cathy's relationship resists - or defies? - categorization. It's as elemental and everlasting as the moors themselves. Love isn't a sweet confection in this book and is the all the more appealing for that reason.
B003L77FYS|5.0|I just couldn't wait for this set to come in the mail.  It came as promised just a couple of days after it hit the stores.  What a great show this is and I recommend it to all.  Be sure to watch the first two seasons as well!
B005599XJK|5.0|despite the lamest trailer ever that does not even begin to give you the feeling of or for this movie, it is a really great movie. more than worth the $3.
B005CMSDLE|5.0|This was a great movie.  I really like the difference or the point of view of the presentation.  Spy film, yes; action/adventure, absolutely; same old/same old, heck no!  Pretty good price too!
1592402038|5.0|A must-have for the writer's bookshelf or pocket (and a nice gift for fluent non-native English speakers or those wanting to improve).  A good historical overview of punctuation and clarification of British vs. American English interpersed with a sense of humor.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|This girl is really talented! Not only can she sing, she is truly a gifted lyricist. I am so glad that I purchased this CD.
0698116496|5.0|Beautifully illustrated. My 2 year old loves this book and often requests it for bedtime reading. He also will pick it up and \\"read\\" it to himself. With the simple storyline and few words, it's quite easy for him to do (and amusing to us to observe!).
B004RSCWZ2|5.0|I have listened to Tedeschi and Tucks as they pursued their individual careers. On this CD they came together with amazing talent. Good job guys!
B003X645YA|5.0|I had the pleasure of seeing Brian Wilson live this past August. He performed some of the music in the middle of the set, along with other Beach Boys classics and stylistically, it fit perfectly. The music on the album is a journey from beginning to end. Perfect harmonies, lush orchestrations, and amazing production make me wonder why music isn't made this way anymore. Certainly, it won't stand up there with SMiLE or Pet Sounds, but this album is fun and enjoyable. It reintroduces the music of the Gershwins in a way that hasn't been done.
B0000AKCLS|5.0|What can I say? This is real talent. The guitar playing on this CD demonstrates that he is one of the great guitar players of all time.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Got this at Cabela's for ten dollars actually but their site is not the best so I decided to write one on Amazon. I personally am not very talented at knife sharpening but this little sharpener is AMAZING. It does a great job at setting and finishing an edge. The diamond infused rod is also great for sharpening serrations and getting rid of burrs (very little practice required for the rod). Although I find it too awkward for a key chain it fits welll in a knife pouch and I use the keyring to keep my fox 40 whistle handy(I also have a review on this). Overall I say this is great for all levels of expertise and for all knives and I encourage you to look into other Smith's sharpeners!
B004AHNIGM|5.0|Gregg Allman certainly created this CD from his roots. It is refreshing to hear his unique style that is independent from the Allman Brothers Band. He did not disappoint when he put this one out for his fans to hear.
0439023521|5.0|I picked up this book after reading about it in women's magazines and seeing it hyped up on my college campus. Yes, it is a YA novel, but man oh man, it was a GREAT read from start to finish. I am so glad I picked it up. I was hooked immediately. It is so rare to read a book when you can't wait to get home to keep reading...and this is exactly like that! Very,very creative/clever, detail oriented, and well-written. I feel compelled to read the next book in the series. I am telling all my friends about this too! Simply a FAB read for all ages and genders. A+++++++
B002RKRSV0|4.0|This is the first book by Forster I've ever read and I enjoyed it a great deal.<br /><br />Forster takes the time to present a world to us while being explicit about what he is leaving out (the \\"very poor\\").  In this book, the lives of the rich, the middle class, and the lower middle class collide.  In the first part of the book, the collision is one of ideas and conversation.  By the end of the book, it is quite physical and literal.  This is the part of the book I enjoyed less, as it felt a bit too much like manufactured drama given the pages that preceded it.<br /><br />The themes of how we should approach the good fortune we inherit (and how we should treat others who have inherited differently) and how we can genuinely connect with other people are more applicable today than ever.
B001USHRCK|5.0|my grandson will flip over this and the best part is i did not have to leave home and it was on time .
B000A6EXNO|5.0|the most confortable eye cup ever, large, and easy, love it wish it came with the camera, its just the perfect fit.
B003L77GH4|5.0|I love the Vampire Diaries. The shows don't follow the books exactly (the books are a little darker) but the shows are really good.
0765348276|3.0|Old Man's War is a fast read that honestly doesn't have any surprises for long-time readers of science fiction.  John Perry is a Mary Sue, but not an obnoxious one that you want to beat the tar out of. Random laugh out loud moments keep it from slipping into forgettable territory. Not fantastic, not horrible, this book is a good way to kill a dreary afternoon.
0345529057|4.0|Came across the first book A Game of Thrones in an airport bookstore and couldn't put it down.  The series reminds one of Tolkien, of course - even to the format of the author's name.  However, it is Lord of the Rings (with some Harry Potter thrown in) for adults.  The characters are devloped in shades of gray - an interesting change from the stark good/bad of so much fantasy literature.  Only negative - the point size in this edition requires good eyes!
B00488SU02|1.0|Some idiot sets himself up so that he has to get executed in order to convince society that it's wrong to execute him.  This would make a pretty good Three Stooges plot; Larry and Curley set up Moe so he has to slap them so he can see how unjust it is to slap them.  The statistical fact is that capital punishment is 100% successful as a deterrent to murder; every murderer who's ever received capital punishment has never murdered again.
B0030Y11XS|3.0|This was a bit of a let down after watching \\"Inside Job\\", which is a GREAT film if you want to find out how we got where we are today -- and who's to blame.  I am a fan of Michael Moore; however, now that I've seen most of his films, it's getting a bit tiresome and predictable to watch him do the same antics over and over again.  He ought to work on getting more interviews, rather than harrassing the poor security people at the front doors.  One winner here is the Special Feature segment with Chris Hedges.
B0000A02TZ|5.0|If you have not heard of this movie, then you might want to have a few drinks with some American friends to discuss the American College Fraternity experience before you view the movie. American college fraternities are more of a blend of hedonism and practical scholastic necessity to further the party cause with a slight thought of the future. The end of the movie is characteristic of the endeavors of my own fraternity brothers.
0316056863|5.0|Very funny, I found myself laughing out loud on an airplane! I have bought 4 copies as gifts and am going to buy one more today. So many things I can relate to, my life and family. My first laugh started at the dedication of the book to her mother \\"For Jeanne Fey:  Happy Mother's Day.  I made this out of macaroni for you\\", to her being \\"a wonderful surprise\\" when her mother had her at age 40.    Helcha in Santa Rosa, CA
B000065U1N|5.0|Half a league, half a league,   Half a league onward,  All in the valley of Death   Rode the six hundred.  \\"Forward, the Light Brigade!  \\"Charge for the guns!\\" he said:  Into the valley of Death   Rode the six hundred.
B00008IHN1|5.0|Very good service.Would use them again. Bought it for my grandson and he was very happy with the item.[[ASIN:B00008IHN1 Drumline (Full Screen Edition)]]
B000FSME1A|5.0|The folly of war, the warrior at his worst and best. This is the lead movie an any baby-boomer collection of war movies.
B004UA8D1O|1.0|Truly great 3D - some of the best I've seen.    BUT THE MOVIE!!!    GROSS - GROSS - GROSS !!!    The reviewer that called it a colossal mess was right on. Really didn't need the guy drowning another guy. Give me a break. This was supposedly based on a true story. One has a tendency to think some of this - including the above deliberately graphic disgrace - was for \\"effect\\" whatever the \\"effect\\" was supposed to be.    If you watch this just be prepared for some of the most severe selfish, self-centered idiocies that could be filmed.     NOT FOR THE SQUEAMISH!
B000LXHK2C|5.0|Guys, when you meet a special girl this is the great date movie. Ladies, if he's vacillating, take him here.
B004AKCME8|4.0|Visually,this was absolutely *stunning*, almost hypnotic! The massive bird nerd in me is thrilled by beauty and effort in the appearance and movements of the characters. The plot was a bit predictable, but still certainly worth watching! Be advised though, it may be a bit too intense for little ones.
B000MZHW40|5.0|The movie is current events, the hero is both bad and good. The press gets a good shake with high moral ground and a beautiful reporter. The acting is superior, the cinematography is excellent.
B001VM0LAK|4.0|Note: I saw this movie with XFinity On Demand.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT!!!<br /><br />This film from 1997 is very interesting and boasts an all-star cast led by Bruce Willis (in his first role as a villain) which includes Richard Gere, Academy Award winner Sidney Poitier (Best Actor, Lillies Of The Field, 1963) and Diane Venora. The film's plot is very nicely written. I know that this movie is based on the film The Day Of The Jackal, which I have NOT yet seen, so I can't compare the two. Let me just say that this film stands well. Great acting, especially from Willis, who is ice-cold and calculating as the nameless assassin known only as The Jackal. There's one scene which I think should have been cut entirely from the film: it's a disgusting bit in a club where The Jackal kisses a homo...not once, but TWICE.The Jackal also caresses the homo and the homo looks fondly at The Jackal. Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww!!!!!!!!! A movie site said that a man kisses another man on the head, which is not what happens in the movie. That bit should NOT have been filmed. I literally had to cover my eyes and nearly gagged during that bit, which seemed to go on forever. That's why I give the film four stars instead of five. Had I known that THAT would happen in the movie, I would have fast-forwarded that disgusting bit. With a warning about that disgusting part, I recommend the movie. Rated R, but were it not for that disgusting and abominable scene, I'd rate the film PG-13.
0792844890|5.0|A basic knowledge of pop culture is helpful to fully appreciate the humor in this movie. It is classic satire and timeless for my generation.
B002RT69QQ|5.0|I've had one of these for about five years, and it's performed exactly as I expect it to; easy to insert the card, easy connection to USB port.  Purchased a second one so it can always live in my traveling briefcase, and I won't get marooned without one!
B00275EGWY|5.0|This is life in the kill zone of America's modern military. The foot soldier is first to wonder what politicians think and first to say \\"Yes Sir\\"; he is also first to praise air cover and a good supply line. Nothing politicians and air power can obtain can be kept unless the foot soldier is \\"feet on the ground.\\" This movie is tense, stressful and real.
B003TJR2HS|4.0|I recently went to the \\"Vapor Pro\\" case from Element for an iPhone 4S, which works fine but the depth of the dock connector opening prevented me from using it with several of my speaker docks.  The CableJive DockStubz solves that problem, although the top of the plastic case causes it to be a very snug fit in the Vapor Pro case.  About five minutes with a nail file removed just enough material from the front of the plastic case on the DockStubz to allow it to fit easily in the Vapor Pro without compromising the usability of the DockStubz.  Naturally, make any similar modifications at your own risk.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|What a dreadful movie. I'd read all sorts of great reviews, and like artsy movies in general, but this was far too confusing and abstract. I really disliked this movie and wish I could get a refund!
B004RJMUJO|3.0|please add everything the iOS version has, it would be so much better. because once you unlock everything in this version takes about 20 mins not much replay value
B003L77GH4|5.0|This is an awesome series! I might go as far to say I like it just as much as (if not more than) Twilight! The discs all came in perfect condition and a timely matter!
B0052U59F4|4.0|I'm so glad book 2 was already out because I'm the \\"and they lived happily every after\\" type of girl and this story did not end that way. I do applaud how Ana didn't take crap from Christian. She did not act the martyr like some stories have \\"I love him so I'll stay even if I'm hurting\\" heroines. Ana loved and respected herself more than her love for the hero.   Very good book, but if you're the HEA type of person like me, I recommend reading the 2nd book immediately after this  one. I look at both as 1 huge book instead of 2.
B0053TMP24|5.0|the thing about the son of neptune is tat if yo havent read the percy jackson series you probably wont get some of the jokes i mean like with slaying medusa (book 1) or the guy on the beach (book 3) thespa with circe (book 2) so if havent gotten your buttox movingand started reading the series, then well youre pretty slow.now then i have got some things to do people to see so ttfn!!
B005N0PJJO|4.0|***POSSIBLE SPOILERS***  I love this story, better than the first book \\"Fifty Shades of Grey\\". I guess it's because this book was more romantic and more of the guy pursuing the girl.  What I didn't like was that everything was happening way too fast - that makes this book 4.5 stars. They break-up and make-up not even a week later. I would have like to see them apart for a substantial amount of time, maybe at least a month. Then every day, some big event happened. I was tired! The poor girl was exhausted and I couldn't blame her a bit. I wish the story took over a period of at least 5 months, giving breaks such as, \\"Three weeks later, such & such happened...\\"  Overall I love the story and can't wait for the final book.
B003Y2BMVC|4.0|This film is a futuristic, 'steam-punk' version of the classic 'Treasure Island'. If you've seen any films based off of 'Treasure Island' tale, then this story will be nothing new to you. But, it's still fun to watch with it's unique design route, full of alien races and futuristic technology mixed with a 17th century theme, hence the 'steam-punk'. This film received a lot of mixed reviews, some loved it and wanted a sequel, others disliked entirely. I guess this was one of Disney's attempts to make a cartoon targeted toward teenagers, and they somewhat succeeded with positive feedback. I like this version of the main character, Jim Hawkins. His hairdo is awesome and he's a likeable character. Long-John Silver is a fat cyborg, half human, half robot, and he's like who you'd expect him to be: he likes Jim, but his plan to take the legendary treasure for himself gets in the way, so his bad side is revealed throughout the film. The story ends kind of abruptly, but basically, well, you know. Everything turns out better for Jim and his mother. I'd recommend watching it once at least and then see if it's worth keeping in your Disney library or not.
1442337966|5.0|I thought The Secret was valuable but The Power is absolutely incredible and I think you'll find it to be life-changing.  I have both the CD and the book and if I miss something on the CD I can quickly read it in the book ~ a great combination.
B003MOHX8S|4.0|I decided to buy this after listening to some of the tracks on Youtube, and it was a worthwhile purchase since I like listening to this type of music while working. A lot of these songs can be recognized in some popular movie and game trailers. One example, the track 'Heart of Courage' can be heard playing in the 'Voyage of the Dawn Treader' movie trailer. So, I listened to the songs, and in the end I only ended up liking 8 out of the 22 tracks. It's too bad, really, but the songs each have their own theme that match various movie settings, so there's plenty of diversity. I suggest listening to all the songs beforehand and then deciding if you'd like to buy the whole album. There's plenty of other artists out there with this type of music who have very good tracks, like Thomas Bergersen, Globus, and Immediate Music. Otherwise, these songs will make you feel like a hero in a fantastical world, that you're the survivor of a worldwide catastrophe, or that you're the mighty warrior in a battle who saves the day. It does indeed make you feel 'invincible'.
B003U80I5G|3.0|I specifically bought this one because I thought it included the portions other reviewers had complained were missing from earlier releases of this George C. Scott version, my all-time favorite Jane Eyre. But the gypsy fortuneteller scene is still gone--I'd love to find out what utter moron cut that part out in the first place. It's a critical scene in the book, and was so fun in this movie. Too bad. Still a good movie.
B003L77GGK|4.0|Just love Sam and Dean!!!!I can not wait for Season 7. Season 6 is GREAT edge of your toes fun!
B004QX07G4|5.0|Loved the book very much. Very funny and enjoyable, also very smart and inspirational. It's heart-warming, which I like the best!  Sitting with a book and laughing out loud every couple of minutes, doesn't happen every day.  Ellen is smart, hilarious and playful, just like in her stand-up routine and her talk show. It's a similar kind of humor, she finds funny and special in our everyday life. It's so authentically Ellen you can almost hear her voice pronouncing the words.  Also, she connects, reaches out to people. I heard A.Curry comment sth like that between funny lines in the book you can find bits of wisdom. That's true! Book is helpful in that inspire-wanna be way, but discreetly and via humor.   Among others, book has her views on beauty, aging, being honest and confident, social skills, then her look-back on her carrier, being a Cover girl, American Idol judge, a little bit about her habits, being vegan, meditation and her love for animals and Portia.  There's no juicy details about celebrities or her private life, this isn't that sort of book. There are some notes on that, but nothing which is tabloid material.  Some paragraphs are just goofy and random whose only purpose, I believe, is to try to get you to smile like a kid...(e.g. gambling tips, drawings for kids...) If you like her everyday humor you'll love it, otherwise you may not get it.   For me, the only trouble was that I couldn't put it down so I was almost late to work the following day.   Ellen is like a healthy happy pill. Very charming book and I will re-read it. I hope she keeps taking notes!
B005LJK3AC|4.0|This movie is funny! I read the reviews before viewing and was worried I might be wasting my time and money. I thoroughly enjoyed the comedy. I had many good laughs. Yes, the characters were one dimensional and the plot was contrived. The comedy is straight forward and hit me as funny. If you are looking to be entertained and watch something light and funny, this movie is for you. Sit back, unwind, and enjoy it for the comedic value you'll be pleasantly surprised.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|Please note that the 3 stars is for the movie only.  The \\"Digital Copy\\" is the biggest issue I had with the blue-ray release.  I have both and iPhone and iPad with a definite enjoyment of being able to easily obtain my digital copies until now.  I still have yet to be able to do anything with my Ultraviolet Digital copy of the film or the bonus movie Emerald Knights (great idea to offer this).  According to the Ultraviolet website, downloading a copy will not be available until 12/20 (which in my opinion is a joke and should be available now.  I am currently unable to stream the movies because there is currently no link between my Ultraviolet Digital Locker and my Flixter account. I was able to see the movies available in my locker for about the first couple of hours after redeeming my code but they have been replaced with an error message about a problem with my collection.  Customer service for Ultraviolet leaves a lot to be desired as well as I am still dealing with the issue of not being able to get to my movies.  Most of the movie studios are supporting Ultraviolet so it does not look like it is going away anytime soon.  I do like that, once fixed, the service will work on more devices than previous digital copies.  I just think that it was launched way to early and do not think it was tested by consumers (which for something like this, testing should have been made at the consumer level before it was released).  I hope the studios or Ultraviolet executives see reviews like this and others that have already been written so they realize there is a problem with this that needs to be addressed.
B004QXJZXA|5.0|this is the best racing movie ever,the added surround sound that Blue-ray adds, is the topping on the cake  what else can be said ,but you must own this movie!
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|Leonard Cohen is a legend. Leonard Cohen is a myth all by himself. He left behind him and at times in front of him some titles that will survive the next two centuries, \\"Don't pass me by\\" for example in its Berlin live recording. But of course many of these songs are classics today from Queen Victoria to Chelsea Hotel and so many others;<br /><br />In this concert he has tried to bring together some of his songs that were best adapted to the present time by choosing songs that were not the hits of the past, at least so much, and by remastering the old formats with girlish choruses that do not really add anything except some kind of frillies around the main song and the main singer. His voice is done for nakedness and his songs are done for natural emptiness.<br /><br />He is the singer of Auschwitz and its survivors. He is the singer of all natural catastrophes, tsunamis and earthquakes together with floods and hurricanes. But he is also the singer of all man-made catastrophes like Chernobyl or the war in Iraq. He is the voice of those who have suffered any kind of discrimination and any kind of unjust misery and violence. He is the voice of the soul of humanity, that soul that suffers when a butterfly is killed by an unconscious kid or when a human being is killed by some enraged man in some uniform of any sort, including that of a doctor in a hospital.<br /><br />This voice has no right to stop and luckily his songs are recorded and safe in some vault somewhere in the world and they will live forever and will ring some day on distant planets and I hope they will not be the rallying songs of some human beings from earth who would be killing other living beings on other planets just for the sake of settling down our old and travelling bones.<br /><br />The beauty of his music is in the mystery of how human beings can suffer in their souls because other human beings are killing or torturing to satisfy their greed or their desire to hear some cries and to drink some blood, or at least pour it into the sand of some desert or on the cobblestones of some street.<br /><br />Leonard Cohen is the mind of the cosmos and that will be for so long that some will say one day it has been and will be forever.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAUof some desert or on the cobblestones of some street.   Leonard Cohen is the mind of the cosmos and that will be for so long that some will say one day it has been and will be forever.  Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
B004PHE9F6|5.0|the already great racing movie is now better due to the sound that Blue-ray adds  the feel of the original film is kept but it looks new.  This is a excellent replacement for my old dvd copy
0385344325|5.0|We now understand where Jack Reacher came from, and why he is what he is. If you haven't read any of the Reacher novels, start here and then pick up the series from the beginning.
0385534639|2.0|Hmm, not sure what to say. Very unusual book. Beautiful cover and transition pages between sections of the book. If you are a fan of Harry Potter and those type of books with potions, etc. then this book might interest you. I found myself drawn at first by the magical prose and interesting challenges, but somewhere along the way I got lost in all of the descriptions and impossible illusions. I would love to see the movie!! I can honestly say I am happy to be finished with this book and I do not say that with a book that had captured my interest and imagination.
B005COO1X6|3.0|I enjoyed this short novel for what it was. This wasn't king's best effort but I didn't expect it to be. It amused me during my flight and and finished it well within my flight time (about 4 hours). It was an easy read.<br /><br />Some other's have expressed a concern with the the colorful language. I think the language is appropriate for the characters being developed. This book isn't as violent as other books I have read and it certainly is not out of turn.
B0034G4OUO|5.0|I think that Dwayne Johnson aka The Rock is a very fine actor because he's versatile.  He can kick butt and throw down with the best of the hardcore action hero types but he can also do comedy.    This movie ain't no comedy.  His character is all about obtaining justice for the one person in his entire life that he could always count on and who always stuck up for him: his brother.  Let's be clear, the characters in this entire movie, with the exception of just a few, are all criminals to one degree or another.  The brother, who is technically his half brother (mom cheated on the husband and couldn't hide it when she gave birth to a bi-racial son) is a bank robber, just like his old man and his buddies.  His kid brother, played by Dwayne/The Rock, knows how to drive like a demon, but his olde brother who loves him and doesn't want him getting caught up in the family business tries to keep him out of the plots and plans that he puts together to take down banks.  It was just a fluke that his older brother's regular driver wasn't able to make the gig and Dwayne/The Rock steps up to help his brother out because he's afraid that if he doesn't, something will go wrong and his brother will get caught.    The robbery goes off without a hitch...  Yes, there is a gritty police chase, but as I mentioned, he drives like a demon and he gets them out of it without leaving a trace for the cops to follow.  The problem comes when their group is betrayed and another group shows up to rob them of their ill gotten gains from the bank heist.  It is during this robbery that everyone in his older brother's crew gets hit, including the older brother getting his throat slit in front of Dwayne/The Rock, and it's in that last moment between the brothers that you see how much they love each other and how the older brother is still trying to reassure his little brother that everything would be all right...  That's why Dwayne/The Rock's character is determined to get justice for his brother andhe waits for ten long years while he plots and plans and does everything he can to get money inside prison to fund his plans on the outside.  He stays as clean inside as he can and doesn't start trouble, but when the guys on the inside come after him, he leaves them far worse for wear and has gained a serious and significant reputation inside and outside the walls of the prison.  When he gets out he has a list of names and everyone on that list has something to answer for, starting with the guys who killed his brother and the crew.  It's gritty and raw and perhaps a bit more vigilante than some might like, but this movie has some significant undertones that resonate with you.  The love this guy had for his brother, and the love his brother had for him, sticking up for him against his own father who took out his frustration and anger on the innocent kid who came from the wife's infidelity forged a bond between the brothers that was powerful and something nobody should have messed with.  That kind of bond can't be replaced and when it was broken by this pack of sleazy jerks, there's only one thing to be done and that was put the rabid dogs down, one at a time until there's nobody left who gained anything from the murder.  Then, and only then, is the job done and that's what Dwayne/The Rock does, taking each one off his hit list until he's fulfilled his promise to his brother that they would pay for what they had done to him.  Now, as much as I really enjoyed this film, there were parts in it that were exceedingly lame, namely the whole character of the multi millionaire hitman who works for $1 per target, and his blonde bombshell girlfriend over whom he has clear angst and needs to get therapy via cell phone while he's tracking his target, who is the main character.  And then he pitches a fit when he's face to face with his target demanding 'a little professional acknowledgement' of his skills as a hitman while he has a gun in Dwayne/The Rock's face...  Quite frankly,that whole character and his girlfriend could both have been left out of the story and NOTHING would have been lost.  Still, even with that lame story subplot as noted above, this was a great movie where you root for the 'bad' guy because he's doing what needs to be done and you're entertained from start to finish.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|If you want a digital copy that can download through iTunes, play on an iPad, or even effectively stream, do not buy the Ultraviolet version.  Just check the 1 star reviews of Horrible Bosses and Green Lantern.  I had purchased the Green Lantern and was unable to get my digital copy.  This is after creating accounts on Flixster and Ultraviolet, then following all the other steps. All I received was an error message and no way to resolve the problem.  When I contacted Ultraviolet, I was told it was a Flixster problem.  Customer service doesn't seem to exist at Flixster since I haven't received any response to date other than check the FAQ.  Since experiencing this horrible service, I have canceled any upcoming Ultraviolet releases from my orders and will only buy from either iTunes or the single DVD version. Please save yourself unnecessary frustration and don't buy this version.
0393064476|4.0|This book reads like a novel but imparts actual thoughts and words from a man living about 50BC. I believe it should be read by everyone to learn how important it is to preserve books and artifacts from our past. The important lesson in this book tells us that destroying ideas from those who lived before us takes away our freedom to think. These thoughts written so long ago were shared by others of the time and came down to the founders of our country. Some of them are in our Constitution.
B00000251N|5.0|Everything was fine.  Order came before it was promised and was in perfect condition.  Would buy from this dealer without hesitation.  Thank you so much.  Sally
B005ELQVGW|5.0|...It's mostly Lady Gaga/Madonna/Mariah Carey fans. I'm not saying it isn't possible to like those artists and also appreciate something much more original, but it also doesn't seem probable. Most of them haven't liked a Bjork record since Homogenic and seem to want nothing more than to see her go back to churning out mainstream dance oriented music.   If you just want her to make more albums like Debut & Post, this isn't going to win you over. If on the other hand, you enjoy the adventurous spirit of [[ASIN:B00005NG4X Vespertine]] and [[ASIN:B0002JUXB0 Medulla]], Biophilia will give you much to enjoy. That's not because it sounds like those records, although there are definite similarities in places, but because it shares the progressive spirit, the sound of an artist who refuses to stand still or go backwards and makes music not for \\"fans\\" but because she has something unique to express.      There aren't any big name collaborators this time out, mainly just Bjork doing what she does best, shifting from minimalist accoustic settings to startling electronic flourishes, choral interludes and a healthy dose of custom created instruments which make their recorded debut here.    If you enjoy the latest direction of PJ Harvey, Radiohead or David Sylvian then there is likely a place in your heart for Biophilia, again not because sounds like those records, but more because it shares that spirit and unwillingness to rest on ones artistic laurels and make the album that they think their \\"fans\\" are looking to buy.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|its easy to figure out and is slightly fun it could be better in a lot of ways but oh well its just a game
B005J0VPNC|4.0|Love the effects, and only have 2 areas I'd like improvement. The icons are not always obvious in their purpose, and I'd like to see portrait orientation. The resulting photos are a resolution other than my phones default widescreen photos. Perhaps some ratio closer to 800 x 600, though I've never checked specifics. I most often use sketch up, pastel perfect, neon cola, and comic boom.
B0052GACNM|5.0|Better than the first one, I am not a Tony Bennett fan but did enjoy this cd.  It was a gift for my husband and he really enjoyed listening to it.
B00506FFYU|5.0|The attention to detail is outstanding.  A must have for the corner cafe, green grocer even the wicked blue house with the crow on the gate.  Grand emporium goes nicel.  The child keeps them displayed in his playroom and I must say it takes on a different ambiance the more he adds to the display.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Once I star reading I could not put it down- all 3 books; loved the style and story- it is obvious written by a man, still captivating in a great language. Strongly recommend - be patient first 20 pages:-)
B005HI4LLY|4.0|I caught this film as a sneak peak in my home and I wasn't expecting much. When the film started I almost turned it off because I could see where it was going and it didn't look good....I decided to give it a few more minutes and I'm glad I did! The film is silly and predictable, but charming and very clever, while I don't think it's a great film I have to admire it for doing something so many horror comedies fail to do. It made me laugh and I watched the entire 125 minute film, I know it's short, but that's a good thing.<br /><br />If you like horror comedies this is one to check out for sure. It's good silly fun with great over the top gore! A good choice for Halloween!
B005ERYEGU|5.0|I have read a lot of sales process books ... and this one was the best.  It gives a very good overview of the best ways to prospect and also how to move prospects and leads through a sales process.  This book is for you if you in a B2B company that sells reasonably high-priced products.  This works for software/SAAS companies, but also works very well for services organizations.
B003YOMN68|5.0|I had recently purchased 'Sunday at the Village Vanguard' and after listening to that CD over and over, I decided I wanted more of this incredible Jazz. So, I purchased 'Waltz for Debby.' I feel honored to own and enjoy such high-quality Jazz music. The Bill Evans Trio is phenomenal! It doesn't matter what type of music you like, this is a must-have for everybody who appreciates music as an art form. Put this on your bucket list. Seriously!
0670022411|3.0|3.5 stars. A hard one to rate as in places it was a 5-star read, but in others it crawled so slow I almost quit reading it.  But overall good. This is just part one (of an unknown number?) in a series where the H/h's story will continue. Be forewarned, many questions will remain unanswered.<br /><br />While reading it I kept thinking that this is definitely a 'Twilight' for grown ups. Instead of teens at a high school, they are adult professors at Oxford University. He is a vampire, a she a witch and his obsession. (I liked this one way better then Twilight, for the record.)<br /><br />The pacing reminded me a bit of Outlander with its rich details of each character and surrounding, detailed accounts of past events, and the inclusion of famous historical people from long ago. But for me it was too much,(I didn't stick with the Outlander series, btw.) It's 600 pages (24 hours on audio) and so I expected more things to actually happen. Still, I was intrigued by the core story of a lost magic book and a war looming enough that I may actually continue with this series.
B005BZQVJ8|5.0|As a life long sci-fi fan, this movie was hilarious. Just about every sci-fi movie in the last 20 years was spoofed, and you'll be laughing out loud at all the references. On the other hand, if you didn't watch all the sci-fi movies and tv shows from the 80s and 90s, you won't get it. Also, if you're a Christian fundamentalist - stay away unless you like being mocked!<br /><br />Having it as a weekend special for $1.99 is a great deal!
B000A7DVR2|5.0|So...I this is about the 5th copy of this movie that I have owned. My ex- girlfriends keep stealing my copies of it when we break up. Definitely, one of my favorite movies and great to view on a date with a loved one!   This really is an unexpected classic.
B005974CNA|5.0|These guys are totally on top of their games and this is one of a kind music. It's complex...very complex! Been listening to the cd for about a month, and the nuances and some songs barely started registering (yes, it's that complex!). I've been loving the epic pieces (#3, 5, 6, 8 on cd). If someone were to ask me \\"what's progressive metal?\\", I would point to this cd. Dream theater is clearly pushing boundaries here and redefining a genre. Love the drums and drumming (thanks Mike!... and John). This is an awesome album, and it will probably be remembered as one of the best from Dream Theater.  -----------------  Edit: I've listened to ADTOE for about 2 months now without getting bored in the car, at work, anywhere. It's an awesome piece of musicianship... in one word a masterpiece. You know what? The longer I listen to it, the more I appreciate the drumming and the band's new sound. The drums are less pronounced compared to the earlier albums, but band sounds more like a whole. Way to go guys! Fantastic job!
B0042JTDXK|2.0|I don't feel like it was up to his usually good albums. Not at all what I wanted but it was my fault for not previewing all of it before I bought.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|Device cannot recognize me at all. Game play is badly effected. Nice concept but faulty equipment. I so wished it would have worked.I am very unhappy with this device.
0307389839|3.0|but it just didn't grab me.  I'm a long distance athlete myself, so I could relate all too well to his anecdotes about various races.  It just read like a loosely edited diary.  I think this would have been a very enjoyable late-evening conversation over a beer, but I just didn't find the book gripping.
B002JT69NC|5.0|I was shocked at this movie, I picked it up today and it was the best film id seen in ages. Robert Rodriguez's most underrated film thus far imo. Highly recommended.
0439023521|4.0|The premise is not terribly original  - It reminded me of any number of post-apocolypse movies (or even a really bad reality TV show!  That said, the book grabs you by the collar from page one and won't let go.  I had a hard time putting this down.  The characters were engaging and believable.  Very much looking forward to the rest of the trilogy.
B000669GAI|5.0|Been listening to Pearl Jam ever since thay started. Every time I turn the radio on I try to wait for them to play anything from thier albums. Now I feel like I climbed a mountain.
B003WTE886|5.0|This is a great album, and Taylor Swift is a great songwriter. I spend most of this review splitting hairs, trying to address some of the criticisms of Swift that I keep running into, but in the end, she needs no defenders - her success speaks for itself. If a song is about emotion, these songs deliver the goods. Those that like her music know what's special about it.    There seem to have been two camps of people in the Taylor Swift debate, as far as I can tell - erudite bashers and inarticulate fans. I'm going to do my best to serve the role of an erudite fan.    First: the whole \\"she can't sing\\" issue. Maybe this has been laid to rest, as her more recent live performances have been much stronger than earlier ones, but it seems to me that even her earlier singing has been over-criticized. I don't know if it's the influence of American Idol, which has caused people to consider a certain athletic, virtuoso vocal style as the only vocal style, or if it's simply that people want to find as much fault as they can. I've listened to all the YouTube clips and heard her sing live, and I don't hear a problem. On some of the awards shows from the earlier days of her career, she sometimes has some problems with breath control, sounding a little nervous at times. Other live performances seem fine.  Award shows are a terrible situation to judge someone's vocal abilities on, anyway - you get one song, and the conditions are never ideal.    Another factor: I think a lot of people don't have a good understanding of the difference between the sound of a vocal on a recording and the sound of a live vocal. A lot of people are upset that she doesn't sound exactly like her records when she performs live. This mystifies me. I don't think there's any secret that Swift's records are pop records - she and Nathan Chapman use every device at their disposal in the studio. Leave aside the question of Autotune - you still have studio vocals that have been compressed, equalized, double-tracked,and finessed in the mixing process. You have layers of harmony vocals on most songs, as well. Of course she's not going to sound like that in concert. It's not possible, for one thing, and for another thing, it's missing the whole point.    Have any of these people criticizing her singing ever tried to sing a Taylor Swift song? Not easy: big jumps, long phrases without much chance to breath, lots of words, passages that move from low to high in a single line, sometimes in a single word. Maybe Swift is her own worst enemy in this department, because she doesn't make things easy on herself. One trademark of these songs is that conversational language is melded with pop melody.  Still, Swift manages to imbue every word with feeling. I'd go so far as to compare her with Bob Dylan - both are artists whose words, and the delivery of those words, trumps any expectation of vocal perfection.    So, to anyone who says \\"she can't sing,\\" my honest reaction is the same as it is when someone tells me Dylan can't sing: that said person is a hopeless case. You think Dylan can't sing? Then there are whole worlds of American music that are closed to you. It's not even worth arguing about. You officially have a tin ear, as far as I'm concerned, or worse, a tin soul.    The second case I'd like to make concerns people who are ignorant enough to consider Swift some kind of \\"manufactured\\" pop star. Anyone who takes the time to learn some facts about her will know that the opposite is true. This is someone who wrote over 500 songs, with Nashville pros as her co-writers and critics, before she turned 20. Think about that. There are a lot of older pros who probably haven't written 500 songs yet in their entire careers. I think people who only see the glamorous image that Swift projects fail to see the work ethic and craft behind it.  This is a driven woman, and the songwriting craft that she was driven to perfect was what created her success. Her producer, Nathan Chapman, her record label,Big Machine records, her co-writers, like Liz Rose - these were collaborators who helped her achieve her vision, but there is no shadowy figure who made Swift who she is today.    About that work ethic - the stories about Swift's dedication to what she does bring to mind stories of Bruce Springsteen's perfectionism. Springsteen once insisted on being at the printing press when the record jackets were printed, to make sure the image and colors were right. Swift's radio promo tour for her first album lasted 6 months, instead of the usual 6 weeks. And so on. Swift is willing to do the grueling work that come with being a star - and then she goes beyond it. How about meeting your fans after every concert? Not everyone does that, and there have got to be nights when she would rather not. But the possibility of being invited to the T-Party is an undeniable draw for her fans, a way for her to stay in touch with the real people coming to see her, and a killer-smart, 21st century music marketing technique.    Finally, the songs. I think Taylor Swift is a star for a lot of reasons. She's beautiful and charismatic, she's intelligent in a specific, focused way that helps her achieve her goals, and she has the knack of doing grueling, hard work and making it look easy. But the foremost reason for her fame is the songs. Even though the charts and the record sales speak volumes for the songs' appeal to listeners, there hasn't been enough critical appreciation for how well written these works are.    Instead, there's been a lot of condescending talk, even from well-meaning critics.  Several critics have taken Swift to task for not being \\"feminist\\" enough. The problem for these critics is that too many of the lyrics revolve around boys. There seems to be a double standard here. Aren't most of Hank Williams's songs, the ones that aren't about The Lord, about women? Aren't most love songs about the opposite sex? Swift confesses to being a hopeless romantic, so why is it a problem thatshe writes mostly about her relationships?    Well, the criticism goes, Swift should be \\"empowering\\" herself, rather than letting her life be dictated by some man's affections. In case these critics hadn't noticed, Swift doesn't seem to be a woman who has trouble finding her own direction in the world. Beyond that, it's not fair to the songs that she's written to say that they don't depict an empowered young woman. It's true that some of those songs about boys are starry-eyed and dreamy, but plenty are tough and clear-eyed. Even on her first album, songs like \\"Cold As You\\" and \\"Should've Said No\\" are impressive in how they sketch out in a few words the power struggle of a particular relationship. \\"White Horse,\\" \\"Tell Me Why,\\" and of course, \\"Dear John\\" - these are all powerful, eloquent statements of a person in perfect control of their emotions and with an unclouded view of the situation.    But the other person doesn't get to make their case, said one critic. Of course they don't get to make their case! This is a pop song. A song is a crystallization of a certain emotional moment, from one person's point of view. Songs aren't fair, the way that love isn't fair. Let's go back to Hank - \\"Your Cheatin' Heart\\" doesn't give the addressee a chance to respond, either.    Let's stay with Hank for a minute. Hank Williams senior said that the key to a great country song was \\"sincerity.\\" I think Taylor Swift has sincerity in spades. Maybe the thing that rankles people is that they can't handle the truth: that this is a young woman who is talented, principled, hard-working, and savvy. Maybe it goes against some current grain in our culture, where irony and ambiguity, and especially, snark, are held in high esteem. I think time will vindicate Taylor Swift as a musical artist whose greatness transcends the cultural static that surrounds her. She writes emotionally open, cathartic, honest songs that resonate with millions of people. She did it herself, and she's steering her own course. And she's only getting started.
B00005JO5L|4.0|all you reviewers are right, this film is gutsy, controversal, dark, and lurid. As a gay man i dont find it rude or an insult to homosexuality. there are to this day and age a certain group of gay men who are working class citizens, pay taxes and contribute to society that enjoy this lifestyle depicted in the film. It does exist in big cities to small towns. Then there are gay men who simply choose not to be involved in this lifestyle. Friedkins own film from 1970, THE BOYS IN THE BAND focuses on that group of gay men who are happy, witty, sad, hilarious, and thought provoking. It is these gay men back in 1979 1980 that despised this film back then and to this day. - kudos to AL PACINO for taking on this role. he is a very open minded actor doing gay related work from playing gay in DOG DAY AFTERNOON to the great ANGELS IN AMERICA. Yes CRUISING is unsettling to watch at times but so are alot of other films like NIGHTMARE, a ghastly 80s horror film i just reviewed here on amazon. heck, THE WALKING DEAD is unsettling to watch and thats on cable tv. point here is CRUISING is just a movie like PSYCHO, SILENCE OF THE LAMBS, and BASIC INSTINCT all with gay lurid undertones that all had there share of controversy in there times of release. Like franky said RELAX.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|Ads were slowing down the gameplay and blocking the view. Finally!    All my hard work was preserved. This version installed over the free version.
B005LL7C68|1.0|I have been a fan of Mike Oldfield for a long time, and I have had the CD version of Incantations for years. I bought this remastered version in part because the increase in quality in the remastered version of \\"Hergest Ridge\\" is remarkable. Well, sad to say, there is much less of an appreciable difference in Incantations. The CD recording was already very clean, and there isn't anymore detail in these new versions. But the worst problem, pure sacrilege, is the missing beat in the vibraphone section at 12:38 in part 4. As of today, 11/23/2011, this error is still in the files offered here on Amazon. It makes me want to get my money back. So, for now - please don't buy this. Don't get me wrong, this is probably my favorite Mike Oldfield piece. But messing up the mastering is inexcusable. Get the old CD - with Oldfield on a beach on the cover - and rip it yourself.
B0007KLH1Y|5.0|These are great, been playing with them with my kids and we've been having a blast, can see their creativity growing every time we dump them out!
0062065963|4.0|I really liked this book, though it took a while to get into it. The plot was solid but it has some of the most annoying characters with Harriet, Mrs. Bates and Mrs. Elton. Long sections with any of those rather dragged. However, I can recommend this one as it has a great ending.
B000OLRH10|5.0|excellent movie, in every sense . . . can't believe i waited this long to see this movie . . .  this is what movies should be.
B003EV6DBM|4.0|I really liked this series.  i've jumped about in my viewing of Dr. Who, going back to watch season 5 after watching the new season that just ended.  Love me some Amy Pond!  I can highly recommend this one!
0062011847|5.0|It dose seem that T.P. is closing up shop.  That breaks my heart, I love these books.  I have read every one of them.  Each one taking me on a happy journey.  Some better than others but each one worth the trip all the same.  This book is no different, true it feels off a little.  Is this his Alzheimer's finally taking his wonderful stories from us? That's hard to say.  Is he getting some help with a few ghost writers? I don't know but it's still a great read, besides even being off a little this book is still Discworld fun.  I will gladly surrender my time to take another journey with Sir Samuel Vimes.
0375842209|5.0|I first learned of this book this summer when I read a list of 20 \\"Must Read\\" YA titles. I was immediately intrigued by the synopsis and quickly got my hands on a copy. I wasn't actually able to give it my full attention until a couple of weeks ago, but there is no doubt in my mind that this book belongs on a list of 20 \\"Must Read\\" YA titles. I have read a lot of books over the years that have impacted me in significant ways and left me in awe of the amazing talent of their authors. The Book Thief is one of the most amazing books I have read. The writing style, while unique, is outstanding, and Zusak's use of figurative language is stunning. I can easily see this book as a staple in High School English classes, replacing outdated canonical works. I look forward to reading more from this author, and I will be reading I Am the Messenger in the near future.(less)
B004WCTLNY|4.0|I think it's safe to say that The Adjustment Bureau is unlike any other thriller you have seen in many a moon. It is based of a Phillip K. Dick story so what it lacks in the usual heavy duty fight scenes and unreal exchanges of gun fire it makes up for in making a person think.  This is a film that tells a story and by and large does it well.  The concept of a \\"guardian angel\\" type of bureaucracy  overseeing the lives of critical people is fascinating and unique and the great acting, script and directing makes it seem plausible.   I do believe the acting needs to be called out for special praise.  Matt Damon as the person who is exposed to the Adjustment Bureau is great as a person who wants control of his own life.  The various members of the Adjustment Bureau are great but special attention should be called out for Terrance Stamp.  He somehow balances menacing and caring without seeming too much of either. If you are open to a new experience then this is the film for you.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|This movie was horrible, we couldn't even finish it because it was so bad.  Totally tasteless, tacky and not even close to funny. Don't waste your time and money on this.[[ASIN:B005JU5JTI Bad Teacher]]
B0052T7IC2|4.0|Man, I just love this album. On vinyl it really sounds terrific.  One caveat though, is that my disc came out of its protective case with GLUE on Blitzkreig Bop. I couldn't even really clean the stuff off of the vinyl without almost ruining the record. Also the spindle hole was printed wrong and fit too tightly onto the spindle, so that the record got stuck. I had to get a bunch of sweaty fingerprints all over the second side to even get the dang thing off the turntable.  But oh well, that happens.  Since its rough beginnings, I've heard this at least eight times all the way through, and it sounds terrific. So punk, so tough. You can really hear the drums and bass, and Joey Ramone's snarl.  So even though blitzkreig bop now has a pop in it, the quality of the music is five stars, and I'm sure that most of these things are being released without glue on them.  ps: this is my favorite record (out of twenty or so) that I own (as in vinyl, not cd).
B004EPYZP8|1.0|I have not received The Lincoln Lawyer yet and I ordered it the 15th of Sept. I have been billed for the item and have not seen it. If I had known that I would not have ordered anything that didnot come directly from Amazon.
B00536OCZA|5.0|I selected (bought) the 35th Anniversary edition, which says it comes with that free loss-less download. Mine came with all the neat posters as well, but the real feature--and what seems to be drudging up the most controversy here--is the music.  I thought the album sounded pretty good. I listened on a manual turntable with external phono preamp. For a while I had been listening to an older original pressing from probably America 73-76. My old copy had a lot of scratches and dirt from heavy use (even after cleaning). So, I thought I'd try out this \\"newer\\" version to hear the album with clean ears (the older one really distorted the song \\"Us and Them\\").  I thought the new one sounded exactly the same as the original pressing, minus dirt, years, use, scratches, and all the old adages of old vinyl. My copy may have been much less than mint condition, but the sound quality is all exactly the same as the original with nary a touch-up.  Could they have remastered DARK SIDE OF THE MOON? Yah, they could have remastered the album for vinyl, but then again why screw around with genius? DSOTM is one of the very few albums that are relatively perfect compared to most music albums. It's probably not a bad idea to just release it \\"as is\\" and let a whole new generation hear what their parents heard years ago, with their own ears, without pops and scratches, on vinyl the way it was supposed to be heard, capturing all the instruments and parts of the album (vinyl is analogue sound and captures much more of the original master sessions than a cd, for a cd carries flat sound (my own theory) that is but a caricature of the music whole/entire. For instance, the drums and bass are much more pronounced on vinyl, and you get a real voice instead of a computerized (some say clinical) one.) that you cannot hear on cd.  My record was not warped. It was just a physically cleaner version of the same record released in 1973. I heard no clipping, and no distortion. It was apparently not masteredfrom a digital source because then the original pressing would have been too.   And I gotta say, without all those pops and scratches I really felt like I was hearing DARK SIDE for the first time. I could hear every song so clearly. I immediately understood that listening to this originally analogue recording on a digital source, a cd for all those years, had ruined my judgment of this album. For the first time I heard DSOTM the way everyone older than I had been hearing and talking about it for years and years.  Thank you Pink Floyd for this reissue project, because you've really made me a believer in the myths and legends.  Now if only Led Zeppelin and whoever (Apple?) owns the Beatles albums would do the same. [If there is a boxset of the vinyl or remastered mono LPs from the Beatles out there, they should start selling them singularly.]  ps: by the way, I've only seen such negative reviews of the 35th anniv. reissue on amazon. Everywhere else they're raving about it.
0060989157|5.0|i disagree that it 'strongly' resembles aerosmiths 'walk this way'. although it is a great book, i feel like this is much much better and i like how it is written better. it is my rock bible and i have read it over and over again. verrry good read. whether you are a huge motley fan or just starting out because you heard 'too fast for love' on the radio, get this book! it has sooo much debauchery and excess from every decade- from the 50s and 60s when these guys were growing up, to the 70s and 80s when they were starting to hit big... and the 90s when marriages were falling apart and excess continued. its written in a way that lets each member of the band have their time to tell their side of the story at hand and how they remember it. soooo many memorable stories. if youre a fan of music, read this! they really have no problem dishing on how insane they were, no person they knew is safe, and no detail spared. this truly is the DIRT!
B000007UTN|5.0|I used to hate this album. No, I used to detest this album. OK Computer was the thing in music that must be smote, erased, destroyed. OK Computer was an overrated pile of garbage, a music critic conspiracy theory worthy of a JFK-like investigation. Perhaps it was the mafia, or the illuminati, but someone was trying to convince me to conform to this Radiohead cult and I just wasn't going to stand for it. I will not eat the metal cereal.  Anyways, that was, what, two to three months ago, and now, I have changed my mind 100%.   Listen to this album on vinyl. Throw away your cd, cds are for people who don't care how their music sounds and just want what's convenient--convenience is nice, which is why I'm thinking of recording the vinyl two-disc-er to tape. The cd of OK Computer is still garbage. I detest the cd format of this utterly overrated album.  But the vinyl, man. They up the quality (this is provable) of the music so much by putting it across two LPs. Somehow when they pressed this piece o' crap onto wax they turned it into a masterpiece. Don't ask me how they did it. But now when I see \\"Radiohead, number one album of all-time!\\" pasted across some myspace page or amateur music rating site, I don't really mind. I had a transcendent experience listening to OK Computer on Vinyl. It was perhaps the biggest 'WOW' factor I ever had trying out these vinyl remasters. I heard the death of an old generation and the beginning of a new one, a transformation from grunge to technology, to an information generation. I heard all the apathy, the sorrow of this rough transformation. I heard the cries of my brethren who were disconnected from the world by a computer screen. I heard the generation defining album that I couldn't hear on cd. I IMMEDIATELY believed Radiohead could make beautiful music and realized that I would love to join in.  I think the HEAD really cares about the fans to have put this into a really, really high quality two-LP edition for the price of practically one album here. I am extremely impressed by the audio quality. When I was listening to KARMA POLICE, I almost felt like crying, it brought tears to my eyes it was so beautiful. Heck, even electioneering sounded pretty great to my ears here. I heard an utter, complete masterpiece, when on the cd I had been hearing a band of amateurs at best.  Oh how wrong I was.  And to think, I DESPISED this album. Think about how much fun you'll have if you're a huge fan?  Highly recommended. I could hear the VINYL difference even on a cheap $150 Denon Automatic Turntable. I just got a project III and haven't even spun this one yet.
B0055EAJ7A|5.0|The movie was really good and had some really funny parts. The special effects were nice although you could tell that not too much of the movie was filmed in 3D.
0783240503|3.0|While there is plenty of \\"poetic license\\" (as well as \\"theological license\\" that will make you want to keep your [[ASIN:0385508190 Catechism]] and [[ASIN:B0054SLCOQ Bible]] handy!  Note to Tim Rice & Andrew Lloyd Weber, for example: Angels are NOT human beings who have died!) and some unnecessary bawdiness, this is - in general - a highly entertaining production.
1401310672|4.0|Its just like looking at their web site, except its in book form. Makes a funny gift for x-ma$$ Very pleased with it, although it wont hold its humor past a reading or two.
B004G5ZY7E|4.0|Gripping from the first page, this was one wild ride!  This is not a book that I would normally read, but since it got good reviews, I crawled out of my reading rut & gave it a shot! I literally could not put it down.  Well-written, creepy, scary, intense - it sure kept my interest.
B00005JMJG|4.0|The great Albert Camus stated once: \\"The disgrace of having a good memory is the nostalgia\\".<br /><br />Our affective and emotional core has its basis in memory. Nostalgia for example, is perhaps the most poetic region of this faculty.<br /><br />So when you have the chance to erase from the memory a bite of it, in a way equivalent to a lobotomy. We are not better, just different. Charlie Kaufman wrote a postmodern fable in which science fiction is the gateway to imagine the possibility of building our memories, beyond the free will. Hence the nostalgia - for me it is a verb rather than a word - makes both decide, despite the errors, and disconnectedness of everyday disagreements correct the helm and give both a second chance.<br /><br />The script is nearly round, with a secondary reading of a noted physician and his beautiful assistant. That line was not sufficiently dramatically developed and its outcome did not quite measure up. Moreover, the conductor thread would have enabled dramatic confront both sides of the coin: rearrangement and impregnable tragedy.<br /><br />Though it would mean not acknowledging that this was perhaps in the most interesting cult film of that year. It's a film that continues to captivate much of the new generations despite the elapsed years.<br /><br />Jim Carrey has never been better in any film. Kate Winslet absolutely convincing in this role of woman-child, and also kudos for Tom Wilkinson and Kirsten Dunst who established a real sexual chemistry with Mark Rufalo.
B005EZJ3MW|5.0|This album is the perfect reflection of the journey the young singer has been through. From uptempo songs featuring Timbaland, Missy Elliot, Iyaz, Dev and Jason Derulo, to soulful ballads like the first single Skyscraper or equaly beautiful songs like Lightweight or Fix A Heart - Unbroken shows not only Demi Lovato's vocal development but also her new maturity. Great Album!
B000FCKGPC|5.0|After reading the Amazon reviews for Feast of Crows and hearing the same negative feedback from a friend, my expectations were low. I can understand the disappointment if you compare this book to the first three in the series. They were amazing. (BTW - Read the books in order!)      The fourth book had a lot more plotting and planning as opposed to actual doing. The author spent a lot of time building up new characters. This meant less action than earlier in the series. It still had more intrigue and twists than almost any book I've read from any other author.     Some of the main characters in book 3 were missing from book 4, but allegedly are back in book 5 which I haven't read yet.  George Martin set the bar too high for himself in the first three installments. Measured against other books, Feast of Crows is still five stars.
B004P8JPS6|1.0|I heard that Reacher will finally see the big screen. All that is needed is a plausible actor to play him.   Tom Cruise from the Co$?  Good lord, perhaps he could play Jack's anemic sister. But Reacher?  The only possible explanation is Child is also a member of the CoS!
B004Y5AV4M|5.0|I recommend all of Georgette Heyer's books. I love the characters in this book and it is very typical of Heyer's writing,
0786271531|1.0|My son's 5th grade class had to read this book.  I read it with him and spent the year writing his teacher, principal and the school superintendent explaining that, in my opinion, the subject matter, including the euthanasia of all babies who are less than perfect, was inappropriate for a 5th grader.  Please don't write me off as a conservative nut who thinks everyone should share my beliefs.  I am as liberal as they come and would never recommend banning a book.  However, according to the US Library Association, in 1995, this book was among the top 3 most requested books to be banned in schools.  In my opinion, K-8 children, and ESPECIALLY elementary aged children should be reading uplifting books that will encourage a love of reading.  The Aldous Huxley-esk world of The Giver is immeasurably dark, and I cannot imagine any elementary aged child finishing this book and being left with a feeling of excitement that drives them to quickly pick up another book and continue reading.    If your child is assigned this book, at the very least, please read it with them so you can discuss it.
0824835921|5.0|After studying Japanese intensively for several years, I have found at last a unified system for learning and remembering Kanji.  The teaching is a delight, and the lessons are thoughtfully arranged.  I use this book for self study while continuing to take classes with my teacher.  This is an invaluable guide for anyone looking to master Japanese.
B004TJ1H32|3.0|I realize this is an older film, I grew up on it, it's been an old favorite. And as I've gradually started converting to a Blu collection, I understand that a sharper image doesn't always make a movie look brand new. That said, I found something lacking in the image quality of this digital transfer.... I can't quite put my finger on it, but it seems that something doesn't quite look up to snuff. I own around 40 Blu Ray films now, ranging as far back as the early 80's and up to now; but this seems to be a lower quality than most older films that have been later converted.<br /><br />That said, it's still the fan favorite it always was, and it's definitely higher quality than you'd ever get from a DVD. If you don't own this, lost\broke your copy, or are just thinking about upgrading your collection, this is the new definitive version to own.
B00003JRCQ|4.0|Beautifully directed, edited and performed. It tells Ms. Austen's most mature novel with perfect understatement.  The cast is wonderful, mature and on mark with perfect timing for the lovely and satrical.
0385344325|3.0|Normally, a new Jack Reacher novel by Lee Child has me counting the days before it comes in at the library.  That was the case with his latest novel, The Affair, but unfortunately this one didn't click for me.  I don't really know what it was or why I felt that way, but I couldn't get drawn in and absorbed like I normally do.<br /><br />The story moves back to his Army days, the times when he still had a place he considered \\"home.\\"  He's sent out to a small town near an Army base to investigate the killing of a woman.  There's a strong likelihood that the death was caused by someone on the base, and he's supposed to work in conjunction with another investigator to figure out if there's any substance to the allegations.  Of course, sending Reacher in undercover to get a feel for the town and manage the locals isn't a great idea, as he's not exactly inconspicuous.  He's made quickly by the town sheriff, who takes more than a professional interest in him.  She's got a murky background that also seems to play into the current investigation, but Reacher may not be entirely rational when it comes to believing her story and assessing her involvement.  When the Army decides to consider the case \\"closed\\" and orders Reacher back to base, he decides that he'd rather disobey orders and find out the truth rather than cover it up.  That doesn't set well with some powerful political leaders who are not adverse to silencing Reacher in whatever way is necessary.<br /><br />As I mentioned above, this installment never hooked me like other ones have.  Reacher was Reacher, with his ability to track time without a clock, anticipate actions, and dish out major bodily harm when necessary.  Maybe it was the investigation into the local deaths and whether they had ties to anyone at the base.  It seemed as if the investigation kept circling over the same facts, and the linkage to the base remained somewhat murky for a long time.  When the plot started to approach the climax, I didn't much care what happened by that time.  When I hit the last page, my first thought was... meh.<br /><br />I realize that many others thought this one was excellent according to the Amazon reviews.  Maybe if I read it over again, I'd feel different now that I know the context (and the ending).  Your mileage may (and probably will) vary, but for me this was simply average.<br /><br />Disclosure:<br />Obtained From: Library<br />Payment: Borrowedthat time.  When I hit the last page, my first thought was... meh.  I realize that many others thought this one was excellent according to the Amazon reviews.  Maybe if I read it over again, I'd feel different now that I know the context (and the ending).  Your mileage may (and probably will) vary, but for me this was simply average.  Disclosure:  Obtained From: Library  Payment: Borrowed
B0018PH3L0|5.0|Lonesome Dove is a true classic.  Robert Duvall, Tommy Lee Jones, Danny Glover, Ricky Schroeder, ... the entire cast make for believable characters, bringing the book to life.  I never enjoyed any of the other movies about the characters as well as I did this original one.  I finally wore the old scratchy video tape out, as well as the video tape I'd made from the TV where I had to fast-forward through all the ads -- so having a beautiful new DVD crystal clear with no ads is a true treasure as I re-enjoy this wonderful story time and again.
0441172717|1.0|The prices that publishers are now charging for eBooks ($15) are ridiculous and makes me regret the purchase of my e-reader.  If the prices were like they used to be (9.99) I'd buy it without hesitation.  Well, they are not going to get my money anymore, I'll go to the library or look for a good used copy on the Market Place.  Shame.....
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I was moved by this movie. I have found myself often reflecting on what is a simple story of devotion. Many movie viewers will I am sure will find it just another dog story, but if you have ever loved a dog perhaps it may also haunt you in the best of ways.
0553582038|3.0|One of the things that both singles Mr. Martin's books out and makes them difficult to read at the same time is his vast number of POV characters. I understand that in this series, each character has some part to play, but there are some POV characters that are never named or revisited, and so their presence seems quite pointless. Juggling so many actors on the same stage must be quite an exhausting affair, so I can understand why it took him so long to write the next book in the series, A Dance With Dragons. Overall, I think that it's a bit disadvantageous to write from so many points of view, because once I decided which characters I liked and disliked reading, I skimmed their sections or skipped them entirely, which is not something you want your readers doing. I'm pretty sure I'm not the only one who has done this with Mr. Martin's books.<br /><br />Another thing that is bothering me about this series is the pace. There are over a thousand pages of reading and not all that much has happened. When considering that this is in fact the fourth book in the series, you'd think that something significant that will affect the entire of Westeros would have happened already. There's a lot of subtle politics (and some not-so-subtle), banter, and plotting, but as for follow-through, I feel like the characters are failing in that respect. What is the point, I ask? A lot of stuff is going on--wars, economic decline, waxing and waning political tensions--but there does not seem to be an overarching endgame and that troubles me. Where is Mr. Martin going with these books? And why is he taking so long to get there?<br /><br />I won't go into specifics with this book because I don't want to spoil the first three in the series. However, I will say that a few new point of view characters really add an interesting dimension (Cersei and Brienne, for one). However, I did miss the voices of some of the past POVs, like Tyrion. I hope that in the next book they will be revisited. Overall, of course, Mr. Martin is a fantastic writer. He seems to know what he's doing, even if I don't. His descriptions are rich and flavorful, and the plot twists are quite excellent. He's very good at characterization, and has certainly developed some characters that I had never considered before into some of my favorites. I just hope that he manages to pick up the pace in his following books.tin is a fantastic writer. He seems to know what he's doing, even if I don't. His descriptions are rich and flavorful, and the plot twists are quite excellent. He's very good at characterization, and has certainly developed some characters that I had never considered before into some of my favorites. I just hope that he manages to pick up the pace in his following books.
B0025KVLV0|4.0|Contrary to what some reviewers believe, this was not the Beatles' last album.  Abbey Road was recorded last, but Let It Be was released last.  Let It Be was not among the Beatles' better albums, but it still has some great songs.  There are probably many reasons why it was not one of their best (George Martin was not producing, it was recorded in front of movie cameras, they were fighting among themselves, etc.), but it is not because it was their last album.  After they abandoned Let It Be, they somehow got their act together and produced the great Abbey Road.
B004SRNH10|5.0|Apple fan boys go buy an iPhone. The only reason Steve Jobs didn't allow Flash on the iPhone or iPad was because it competes with the apps in the app store. if you believe it eats your battery or some other bull Steve put in your head your just another sad person who believes everything they here about technology from other people. Go buy another $2500 PC, that they call a MAC, that would cost you 1/4 that if you bought the parts. YES PC parts. There is no more MAC.
B003CN4R74|5.0|I am surprised at some of the lower reviews on this release.  This is as good as every other Evacescence releases.  It's Amy at her best with the band delivering the same magic as on the past cd's.  It's not ground breaking but 100% true to the band...
B005G4TJI4|2.0|It's not the worst Transformers movie... that was the second one.  It's not the best either - that was the first one by far.  This one is just kind of blah.  Lots of action, lots of explosions and not a lot of plot.  Normally that would rate 3 or possibly 4 stars but not this time.  Why?  There are a few reasons.  The new girlfriend is one of the reasons.  She's young, pretty and can almost act.  Sadly her addiction to lip injections at such a young age has given her duckface.  It's distracting and a little scary.  The next is Patrick Dempsey.  Normally he's a decent actor but his character waffled between whiny victim and smug arrogance for the entire film.  It was annoying without adding much to the plot.    The last problem and biggest one for me (which I know doesn't bother most people) was the product placement ads.  Yes, I know these deals are part of the movie industry but the number of times I say Waste Management's logo cross the screen made me feel like I was in a really long commercial for all of the Transformers corporate sponsers.
B0015AARJI|5.0|good controller, got it because my dog chewed up my other ones. works fine. cheaper then most places so a good buy.
B005UBNL0A|5.0|i did the research before buying a am3black socket cpu.the 6 and 8 cores are a bit pricey.but this is a wolf in sheeps clothing.just look at the specs.and all for 129 bucks people.ONLY FROM AMD.puting this in my motherboard to replace a x4 840 was a huge improvement.i didnt buy it here as amazon was out or should i say 10-15 days away.i am telling you this quad core is fast.way faster than my old intel 9550 quad was.and at a remarkable price.amd does it again.thank god for amd or we would be at intels mercy.competion is always good for the consumer.if your in the market for a new computer build it with this quad core.i have read reviews that the 8 core archtecture of th new fx amd cpus are not an advatage yet due to operating system limitations of windows 7 so far.no significant advantage to spending 269 dollars for them yet.save your money buy this with lots of quality corsair ram.and a 64 bit windows 7 operating system.
B000XCZGV8|4.0|Based on the activities of the Zodiac Killer, Zodiac (2007) is a dramatization of some of the real life events that occurred in California beginning in 1969.  It's a film that captures quite well the look, feel, and vibe, of the time, and features some very good performances by a strong cast, as the story is mostly told by following the activities of San Francisco Chronicle cartoonist Robert Graysmith.  The film is based on Graysmith's book \\"Zodiac\\".<br /><br />Directed by David Fincher (The Game, Aliens 3), comparisons of Zodiac to his film Se7en (1995) might perhaps be unfair, but are probably inescapable.  Se7en, a tense, edgy, thriller, is general acknowledged as a masterpiece in the serial killer genre, with riveting performances by Kevin Spacey, Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman.  Real life seldom plays as dramatically as fiction, and while Zodiac has some truly chilling moments, and does a solid job of storytelling, the overall impact, particularly in light of the way the story concludes, is rather anticlimactic in comparison.  While each film is very dark, with a much tighter focus and an identifiable killer, it is Se7en that probably leaves the more lasting impression, is more rewatchable, and has deservedly developed a huge fanbase.  So unfair as it may be, some may regard Zodiac as falling short in comparison.<br /><br />Zodiac opens with a shooting in a lovers' lane in Vallejo in 1969.  Later, the killer sends letters with coded messages to the newspapers in San Francisco.  Taunting the police and involving the media, have become standard ploys in fictional crime dramas, but back then these were relatively new developments in real life.  The story unfolds following the activities of Chronicle reporters Paul Avery (Robert Downey Jr.) and cartoonist Robert Graysmith (Jake Gyllenhaal), along with SFPD detectives Dave Toschi (Mark Ruffalo) and Bill Armstrong (Anthony Edwards).<br /><br />Graysmith proves to be adept at solving puzzles and tuning into the killer's psychology.  Several murders follow, and the investigation heats up, as the Zodiac killer continues to taunt the police.  The notoriety causes hysteria to grow, however solid leads are scarce, and positive progress regarding the case is slow in coming.<br /><br />The release of Clint Eastwood's movie Dirty Harry (1971), loosely based on the Zodiac case, is featured in the film.  Unfortunately, while Harry Callahan brings his prey to justice in spectacular fashion, the real Zodiac case remains open.  As the years drag on, many of the central figures drop out, eventually leaving Graysmith as one of the few still working on the case.  The film does a fine job of capturing the nature of the investigation, and the toll it takes on those involved.  A fanatical Graysmith continues to investigate, and Arthur Leigh Allen (John Carroll Lynch) emerges as a suspect, but there is no solid physical evidence against him.  Allen dies in 1991, leaving the Zodiac case unsolved, and the film concludes in a somewhat anticlimactic manner.<br /><br />Zodiac deserves high praise for effectively telling the story of the investigation, one that proved not to have a storybook ending.  With some strong acting performances, it's a film worth seeing, but probably not one that many will be anxious to revisit.  It starts out strongly, and nicely builds momentum, but it begins to lose steam in the second half as time begins to stretch out.  David Fincher's interest in doing the film, after having already done Se7en was apparently very personal, as he lived in Northern California at the time of the initial killings, and as a young boy, was affected by the threats Zodiac made against schoolchildren.<br /><br />For those who really want to delve deep into the case history, the two disc director's cut edition contains a ton of informative bonus material, including two commentary tracks (one by Fincher), and an in depth documentary covering the actual investigation.  For those with a casual interest,the single disc director's cut should suffice.e.
B004GYY714|5.0|Excellent selection of stations and intuitive searching. Great mix of live and recorded content.  A little tough on the battery.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|Very addictive. Not too hard and not too easy. Charming animation--the littlebugs you are freeing look so sweet and so happy when they get to fly away. Can't wait for the next update!
B003VR5PPY|5.0|I am not going to get into details, others already did... But this game is an amazing option if you are bored of traditional games. The story behind the game is the plus, not the puzzles. I loved this game.period.
0312340958|5.0|Karen's voice rings out authentically; strong & true. Her constant battles with an archaic and illogical system and her role within it are intriguing as you enter into a hidden world that is as captivating as it is  perverse. Overall an incredible inside story of what it was like to become a nun in the 1960's. Insightful and introspective thoughts on religion & perhaps more importantly, humanity.
B0050PYNP8|4.0|Funny movie.  Good for teenagers and liberal adults.  Language a little much for younger kids. Kind of on the crazy side, you were routing for the little guy.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|BAD is right!!! After the first half hour had to turn it off. Life is way to short. I wouldn't waste your money on buying it. Rent it first if at all.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I purchased this DVD set on Amazon when it was on sale for around $20. But even the full price is worth it for such a great TV series.<br /><br />Having already owned the DVD set, I wasn't sure upgrading to the BluRay would be worth it. I'm glad to see that it was. While most of the extras are the same from the DVDs, it's wroth it to see the episodes in full HD quality. I wouldn't hesitate to pick this one up, especially if the price dips down again!
0618001905|3.0|Having recently been working in Congo, both DRC and ROC, this book was recommended to me for additional historical background. Upfront I will say that Adam Hochschild wrote a very well researched book.  However, as I have read other Congo books, I started to have some nagging feelings about this one about half way through.<br />Without any doubt the author captured the rush to colonize that was certainly followed by Leopold's exploitation of Congo, but proper context requires attention to similar efforts throughout Africa at that time.  Also, clearly atrocities much preceded the arrival of European colonists, and certainly have continued and expanded since their departure (i.e. Rwanda, last Congo war, etc.).<br /><br />When I realized that a new visitor to Africa might think upon reading this book, that all was caused by the evil white man, I started to scrutinize the book a bit more.  I then came across a shocking comparison of vast Congo atrocities, which of course were true, likening them to American soldiers fighting in Vietnam (p. 234).  These things prompted me to take a look at the first review on the front of the jacket...written by Christian Science Monitor, and next on the back...written by Los Angeles Times - neither known for political balance.  Starting to feel uneasy I looked at the background of the Author, Mr. Hochschild and read...he teaches Journalism at the University of California at Berkeley. Realizing that the comparison of hundreds of thousands of atrocities in Congo to American soldiers fighting in Vietnam is patently ridiculous and offensive to most, but not to someone with a Berkeley ivory tower professor mindset - alarm bells for bias were suddenly everywhere.<br /><br />I gave the book a three star rating only for this reason, as I did appreciate the read.  However it is essential that the views of the author not be the only reading for those wishing a full picture.  Although it is true that in the last few pages of this book the author does state that other problems beside colonialism caused previous and continual woes in Congo, it is almost as an afterthought he does so.  Anyone who has lived in Africa knows their continual problems have many other deeper roots.  A modern visitor to Congo can see many current issues that were not caused in any way by King Leopold, or the white man.  Enjoy the book, but be warned.roblems beside colonialism caused previous and continual woes in Congo, it is almost as an afterthought he does so.  Anyone who has lived in Africa knows their continual problems have many other deeper roots.  A modern visitor to Congo can see many current issues that were not caused in any way by King Leopold, or the white man.  Enjoy the book, but be warned.
B005IKZ60G|5.0|I had heard of David before but wasn't sure about buying an album.  Now I'm definitely glad I did.  It's got great beats, it's a strong album with very few dead spots in it.  Not really sure how to describe it either, but if you like this type of music you'll like this album.
B005LJK3AC|5.0|This movie is funny.  It's not boring, it's not too obscene,  it's got funny characters.  You should watch it.<br />You will laugh out loud.
B0014KA0EG|5.0|Alice In Chains is amazing we all know, I have a huge taste in music and listen to a variety of music, But Alice In Chains is the best.  Dirt includes Heavy Metal Like \\"Dam that River\\" And \\"Them Bones\\" while offer also a soft warm sound \\"Down In A Hole\\" and \\"Would?\\"  This Album is a must have for anyone, and yes I mean anyone, It is perfect.
B005KGPC4S|1.0|If youre able to get past the fact that ATF agents are instructed to and do execute unarmed people trying to surrender then you might enjoy it. I couldnt so I shut it off.
0062014102|4.0|I truly want to read this book as it was suggested by a wise person and I want to so bad but I haven't gotten close to being into it I will work hard on it...other than that its very bold and interesting and I am open to new ideas as we are always growing like it said, \\"A Mind is Closed by a belief and Open with Wonder\\"
0143113100|5.0|This book is nothing short of amazing!  I've nearly finished reading it and as a mother of an autistic child, it has changed mine and my child's life.  I was hurried into reading this book because of a disjointed conversation with my son, asking why he cant talk properly and why he doesn't feel clever even though I tell him he is.  Although I didn't have the answers at the time, this book gave them to me.  It gave me insight into children/adults who also have this awareness and a plan moving forward.  Since starting reading it a couple of weeks ago, I've pulled my son out of kindy and started 'mum school'.  Using exercises from the Arrowsmith school, as outlined in the book, and starting the Fast Forword program, plus some other exercises the book touched on, I and many others in my child's life are seeing big changes already.  It is amazing how plastic the brain is to work this fast.  Improved attention, better eye contact, more social, better vocalisation in just a week.  It is a must read for any mother or father with a child of intellectual disabilities.
6305428042|5.0|This movie is amazing! Buy it, love it, watch it every year!! Share it with your friends and kids! Ignore the awkward child actors because these three witches are the heart and soul of this movie and they carry it easily.
0385534639|3.0|Although I hate to admit it, I picked up this novel after hearing all the buzz claiming it to be the next Harry Potter. I should have known better than to believe the hype that surrounded this book even before it hit the shelves. Even as a grown woman I can admit that not many books/series have held that same \\"magical spell\\" over me the way that Harry Potter did.  This book was no different.   Unlike some of the other reviews, I didn't really mind the sudden first person blurbs that appeared between chapters. I understood what she was trying to do and it was a nice accentuation to the varied perspective that this book has, but it could have easily been cut and saved a lot of readers a lot of confusion. The constant change in perspective did however, grind the story to a halt each time I reached a chapter that was no longer following Marco or Celia.  I would find myself wondering what was happening to the main characters as I had to drudge through, lets say,  Chadrish's (excuse the spelling) narration.  This was particularly true of Bailey's second chapter, which explained his troubles at home, his longing to go to college and yet make his father happy. Although it does eventually make sense why she was even writing about Bailey in the first place, overall,  I didn't care and it really did nothing to propel the story forward for me. I felt this way about many chapters in the book. Why did we have to read about the outside lives of Bailey or Frederick Theissen, the clock maker? I didn't feel any closer to them in the end nor did I wonder what was happening to them as the scope of the story moved away from them. The writing itself was very good and the detailing did really bring the visuals (and even the smells) of the circus alive for me, yet it didn't overall save the book from being some what disappointing. I didn't yearn to return to it often and see how the story fleshed out and even as the plot began to pick up pace, I didn't find myself really connecting with any of the characters. Perhaps this was because there were so many speaking at the same time or that they were a little bit too, two dimensional or maybe that so many aspects of the story were never truly explained. For example, I never really bought into the love between Marco and Celia. It just seemed too...convenient. One moment their intrigued and attracted and then the next it's all professions of love and sacrifice.  The whole aspect of \\"the game\\" was never really made clear to me either. Yes, it was a competition over the best magical \\"school\\" of thought and there were dire consequences for the loser, but HOW was it proved? Marco said one line about it being like a scale, yet the contortionist made it seem like most losers simply quit. So which one was it? If no one quit, how did the loser ultimately lose?  Considering that this was the apex of the plot, it should have been much clearer. The book was told in either second or third person, so we could have been clued into so many more details of the competition without having compromised it's secrets to the characters. The last few chapters became particularly hard to follow when Bailey's true point of existence in the story came to light. Why Bailey?? That was never explained either.  Overall, the book was just OK. I gave it three stars because of its originality and the fact that the writing was well done. But the next Harry Potter? No way. I just wish that critics would stop giving that kiss of death to new novels that hold any kind of promise in that genre. Harry Potter was a phenomenon that might never happen again. Let's just leave it at that.
0547791097|1.0|I bought it, read it, and threw it in the recycle bin.  Hopefully it will be reborn as photocopy paper or something similar which will be of more value than the author's work on this novel.
B0013N7AD8|5.0|The people writing bad reviews are doing it for the wrong reason, this is to be reviews on the quality of blu-ray not the crappyness of the movies, I'm buying this set in November along with star trek for my husbands birthday along with a blu-ray burner to add better quality to the network files , talk about that not your opinions of the movie there is another place for that!
B000Q7Q2WM|5.0|It's Kill Bill one and two!  All the great movie you'll need in one neat shipment. Great films, awesome soundtrack. Enough Said!
0440244412|5.0|I can't stand that I can not review this with out some small spoilers. For those of you who have not done so, please read books 1-4 first and so now I begin...  Shadowfever picks up where Dreamfever left off...Mac finds out who the nine foot savage beast really is and is thrown in agony. She vows to keep focus and have only one drive: To restore the world to the way it once was. She has no heart, no emotion, and its coldness in that bottomless lake in her mind which buoys her, gives her strength. Meanwhile, the book keeps up the pace with sensual innuendos between her and V'Lane and (and really heats up with someone else!)there are scenes where there are bare bodies and one can not take it how clever and creative Moning's writings are. You get sucked right into the Fever world quite easily.  As mentioned in my Dreamfever review, I like when its in Mac's POV and I am glad Shadowfever stuck with her telling the story...95% of the time. I think Dani comes in twice. Also, at this time Mac has hooked up with Darroc to learn more about her sister and the one who killed her. The book took me on so many quests and turns I couldn't keep my head from spinning. At one point, Mac believes she is not human but one of the stones created (for, from?) the book, then she believes she is the book, then she the final punch- she believes she is the Unseelie King himself. I truly didn't blame her because she does have incredible powers and she can walk through the Silvers-mirrors without dying.  So now, the mystery guy she killed in Dreamfever, come to find out...surprise! He can not be killed. She gives herself to him and that scene just ignites th epages, it is so hot I have to close the book sometimes and sigh, goodness.  So without telling what happens in the end, I will say this: Mac finds out what she is, she finds her sister's murder too, and a couple of people wiill either die or disappear. We kind of sort of find out what Barrons nature is and he has a little surprise stored benath the store. This book will be number one for me this year. Good job, Moning!  Quote nugget: \\"Open me Mackayla, embrace me. Use me for good out of love. How could a thing given from love, be bad? You said it yourself- it is the intension that defines the action\\"(Shadowfever: 2011, p. 605 by Karen Marie Moning)
B0055SWM08|5.0|Quell offers a simple concept with brilliant execution. The controls are slick and responsive while the calming elements of the sound track help your mind ease into puzzle solving mode. The game is engaging without really ever becoming redundant. Add awards/achievements to the mix and you've got a great diversionary puzzle game that keeps you coming back long after the first few shelves. Cant wait for Quell Reflect!
0307454541|2.0|After having several good friends rave about this book, I purchased it fully expecting to be blown away by its power. I was sorely disappointed. I found it very over-hyped for several reasons.<br />1. The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is praised for its two main characters, but they are not that remarkable. Mikael Blomkvist is an old, horny detective and that's about the extent of his character development. The other character, Lisbeth Salander, is a young woman who had a terrible and abusive childhood and dealt with the pain by becoming introverted, sex-obsessed, and mildly sadistic. Lisbeth's character is different and has the potential to be very interesting. However, her development is overshadowed by the rest of the book and so the only impression you get is of an angry punk with knack for computer hacking and a bad past.<br />2. The mystery really isn't that original or compelling. I suppose if you're unfamliliar with the crime genre, the mystery would be interesting and disturbing. However, the crime and investigation is strongly reminiscent of Criminal Minds.<br />3. The amount of smut in the book is over the top. Yes, this is an adult novel and revolves around a sex crime, but this was ridiculous. Mikael is constantly going off and having sex with some random woman. It really distracts from the story. He'll be investigating a lead and you'll be getting all into the mystery, and then he'll suddenly go off and have sex. It totally brings down the story. If you were to cut out the smut, the book would probably be about a third of the size.<br />4. The last hundred pages of the book serve absolutely no purpose. The mystery is solved. The family is at peace. The villian is out of the picture. And there's still a hundred pages to go. \\"What happens in those last one hundred pages?\\" one may ask. Well the answer is, \\"NOTHING! One great big stinking hunk of nothing!\\"<br />  Despite the enormous flaws, the book did have a few redeeming qualities. Henrik Vanger was a believable and likeable character. The use of Bible verses as justifacation of murder was interesting. The book cover is pretty. Other than those few things, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo can pretty much be summed up as an old, horny detective screwing a 24-year-old, mentally disturbed computer hacker while, meanwhile, solving a murder mystery.<br />  I do not recommend this book. There's millions of better stories out there to spend your time and money on. If you're that interested in the story, just go see the movie.le character. The use of Bible verses as justifacation of murder was interesting. The book cover is pretty. Other than those few things, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo can pretty much be summed up as an old, horny detective screwing a 24-year-old, mentally disturbed computer hacker while, meanwhile, solving a murder mystery.    I do not recommend this book. There's millions of better stories out there to spend your time and money on. If you're that interested in the story, just go see the movie.
0385344325|5.0|The Affair begins with Reacher striding into the Pentagon 'in 1997' finishing up his last official assignment in the army PD.<br /><br />Past Reacher isn't much different from the hulk we've come to know and love, although his circumstances are much changed. Rather than a solo vagabound pummeling through bad-guys, Reacher 97 is a beast confined by politics, army rules and chain of command.<br /><br />The Affair's story perhaps superior because of this - rather than setting up the typical 'here's the badguy now beat him' storyline, Childs crafts a slightly more complicated tale, and I guess true to the name dives into slightly more explicit love scenes than typical of Reacher (Don't worry I don't think Reacher is going down the Anita Blake path.)<br /><br />The only piece that doesn't quite gel in this story is Reacher's brutality. Part of the attraction of Reacher is his ruthlessness, however I find it hard to accept that Reacher as a PD would be so quick to blow brains all over the environment, given that he is supposed to be an army professional.<br /><br />All in all The Affair is an enjoyable romp, slightly more sophisticated than your average Reacher novel and an interesting glance into Reacher's past.
B0050VI5SI|5.0|This album is so great! It took a few listens to get used to it, but now I am enamored with Foster The People and their album Torches. The songs are constantly stuck in my head!
B005UT29Z0|4.0|Having read the reviews of this movie, I was looking with great expectation to seeing it. Having now done so, I would recommend this to anyone interested in looking behind the curtain to the events that led to the finical crisis that hit in 2008. Granted, this is a fictionalized version of what happened at Lehman Brothers, but is compelling none the less. Outstanding performances by Stanley Tucci, Kevin Spacey, Jeremy Irons, Zachary Quinto, Simon Baker, and Demi Moore. A seemingly understated but tumultuous night where their world (and ours) would soon begin to unravel one trade at a time.
B005UT29Z0|3.0|I liked the acting.  Stanley Tucci is particularly good, but \\"Margin Call\\" isn't a very deep or insightful movie about the Wall Street crisis.  Find \\"Too Big to Fail\\" on HBO first.
B004SJ3AXI|2.0|None of my previous user data from season 2011 was saved and I have been playing it a lot lately. I am not happy about this.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|george lucas is taking a poo on our favorite childhood movies: the original star wars trilogy. he has no disregard for untouched classics and he is being outright insulting to his fans by releasing this steaming pile of awful computer graphics that infests a once ingenious masterpiece. the costumes, the scenery, the puppets, the sound effects; they're all made from real things and pieces of artwork that should not have ever been degraded by unnecessary computer graphics. release a dvd version of the originals! something thats actually worthy of our money.
B005LY4B0A|3.0|i like it but this game gets old quick. i wish i would have spent my buck on a fry lol
1936594234|5.0|I have bought this book many times and given it as gifts.  The principles in the book are a good guide to try to follow.  It has helped me.  It had been otu of publication so I am glad to find it being republished.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|This movie makes you feel that you need a shower after watching it and what's worst of all is that you know children will watch it. In the media, Cameron and Justin put themselves out there as having social causes and being socially conscience and then make this vulgar piece of garbage. They are nothing but hypocrites and apparently that desperate for money that they would be involved with this low life movie. I really use to like Cameron and Justin.  Amazon, I hate it when you pimp out movies like this one. Now I know what it's like to give a prostitute money.
B005W8SNNG|4.0|This was one of those times where the plot was somewhat formulaic, but because the irreverent writing, casting, completely inappropriate scenes, and unfolding of the story was not, it still worked. Cameron Diaz stars as a spoiled gold digger looking for a new man to ride to the top. Of course the hot guy she should obviously be with doesn't interest her, and she'd rather be with a hot rich guy.<br /><br />So we kind of know how that's going to end up. But on the way there, you have cursing by unexpected people to unexpected people, in the wrongest of circumstances, not to mention Cameron Diaz' character lying, manipulating people, and cheating in the most morally bankrupt ways. If you are that person in your crowd who is just constantly behaving inappropriately, or you like to laugh at that person and the trouble they get themselves into, you'll like this. If you like TV shows like It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, this will amuse you.<br /><br />If things like pot smoking and clearly immoral and unethical behavior offend you even when obviously being put on for your amusement in completely unrealistic situations, skip this one. I laughed out loud the whole time, especially during the sex scene. But I like movies that are a little different, and push the boundaries of what is acceptable behavior. Sometimes this pushes a little too hard, but I'd rather watch films that risk this and be a tiny bit offended than be doomed to an endless parade of safe, tidy films from mainstream Hollywood.
7799623519|2.0|Read the track listing: \\"Young Lust\\" has been removed from the album by the Chinese government which makes this version the worst ever. Maybe living in the USA isn't so bad after all...
B0055Q5F36|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1TV0CSPLZ9MN7]]I went ahead and made a video review for this case so others could see how it works.<br /><br />------Below is my original review ---------I<br /><br /> have used Otterbox on my last several devices ranging from the iPhone 3G to iPad and have always loved the protection Otterbox offers. I was disappointed there was not a case made specifically for the AT&T Galaxy S2 but read reviews where this one would fit. I bit the bullet and bought it hoping it would fit and offer me the protection I need on my phone.<br /><br />I am happy to say the case fits perfectly! It offers a nice hard shell around the side and back, it offers protection over the usb port and headphone jack and also covers the buttons on the side (volume and power). It puts a slight edge above the screen so if you put the phone face down the screen will not come in contact with the table. There was a comment that the top noise cancelling mic was covered with this case, the unit I received might have been a modified unit because there is actually a hole in the case for the mic on both top and bottom. The only sign this case wasn't made specifically for this model phone is the lanyard hole on the left above the volume, all other ports, plugs, switches are protected and/or accessible.<br /><br />Another sign this case wasn't made for this phone is it comes with a screen protector that IS for the international version with the one button on the front, you can tell because of the large hole on the bottom of the screen protector that doesn't match with the AT&T layout of buttons. I already had a screen protector so I didn't use it.<br /><br />Overall very happy with this case. It provides that extra bit of protection I wanted and reinforces the frame of the phone which was very thin. If you drop this there is adequate protection where you won't break the phone. I would buy this again. There is a bit of bulk added to the phone, but it's quality protection so for me it's totally worth it.
B003Y5H5JM|2.0|I'm conflicted about a two star rating as the director and excellent cast make a brave attempt to be fresh and exciting.<br /><br />However if rating this from a viewer perspective, it was a big disappointment and barely watchable.<br /><br />Visual noise, literalism and simplistic read miss much of the impact of the material.<br /><br />It may work well for high school kids needing to cover the material but who don't want to read it.<br /><br />If you are familiar with the play or generally like Shakespeare it may miss the mark for you too.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|My 4 year old absolutely LOVES this movie.  I have to admit that when I first watched it, I wasn't too interested - not used to the style of animation and seemed strange to hear English used to voice over Japanese.  However, after seeing it a few times and actually getting into the storyline, it is very imaginative and sweet. A great magical story that emphasizes the innocence - and determination - younger children have, which is often dismissed/overlooked.  Originally it was watched via streaming on another vendors site; however, it switched to DVD only rental after a few weeks so my daughter could no longer watch it.  I purchased the DVD as both of us missed watching the movie.  It has a great cast for the English version and you do get used to the voiced-over dialog not matching up.  I recommend seeing this movie - if you dismiss it like I originally did, you will miss out on a great movie.
0553582038|1.0|This book literally made me angry.  While reading the book, at first I kept thinking that maybe the next chapter would be about a character I actually cared about, but then I got about 500 pages into it when I had to come on Amazon and read the reviews to see if the book ever gets any better.  Basically all the reviews are right.  Every character and storyline you care about is almost completely ignored or not even covered.    I guess the good news is maybe HBO can actually do something with the story.  I won't be reading any more of this series.
B004LROMSO|4.0|This was a fun series to watch for a fun twist on King Arthurs tale.  It is an interesting interpretation, but I like the more traditional tales instead.    The sets are real great to watch and the wardrobe is awesome.  Jamie Campbell Bower would not be the actor that I would have chosen to play King Arthur, butI think they nailed the rest of the characters.  Eva Green certainly is evil and plays the part of Morgan very well.   Honestly, I loved the Tudors and I watched this series believing that it was suck me in like Tudors did, but it didn't, not even close.  I watched it, but I don't believe I would go out of my way to watch season two.  I think the modern updates turned me off...if only they could have stuck to the period like The Tudors.  The show had good bones, but poor execution.
B0051QIGP4|3.0|\\"Judas\\" is not Lady Gaga's best song.<br /><br />However, I loved Sarah Rooney's priceless parody \\"Lady Gaga's `Judas' is EVIL\\" on Youtube.<br /><br />I'm fascinated by the fact that 120,000 people don't understand that Sarah is just joking!<br /><br />Both Christians and atheists go crazy over her clip. Rooney (whoever she might be) has exposed the stupidity of both religious fundamentalism and cyber-atheism, not to mention the generally low level of Youtube discourse...<br /><br />How can anyone seriously think that a real Christian would say \\"Judas is another name for Jesus\\"?<br /><br />As for Lady Gaga, I know for a fact that she isn't Illuminati. I know, because I AM Ashtar Command.<br /><br />LOL.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Rolling back to version 1.4.3 is a good workaround. Good app, extremely useful. No more opening the phone to get to the uSD card, or to mount via USB & forgetting to safely disconnect.  Thanks dev & Amazon.
0446547654|5.0|I have read all of Nicholas Sparks' books and this one is one of his best. It kept me up into the wee off hours of the morning until the very end. I could not put it down. It is filled with lots of love, suspense, murder -- everything. I believe this will be a movie and I can't wait to see it and see who will play the parts. It is so descriptive that you feel you are there. That's what it takes to be a good writer, and certainly Nicholas Sparks knows how to do this over and over again. Can't wait for your next book, Nicholas.
B001TH7GT6|5.0|I bought an HDTV plus a DVD player with an HDMI connection, which I thought I'd need to get the best quality.  Then I learned that it is not possible to get closed captions from a DVD with an HDMI cable, so I bought this component cable to hook up my old DVD player. I thought I would need to keep both players connected, the old one for just for DVDs that have closed captions instead of subtitles.  But the picture quality is just as good with this cable as with the HDMI-connected player, so I'm returning the new player.  If you need closed captions, this is the cable to use.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|The saddest part of the saga of Star Wars is that future generations will never know what the original imagined story looked like. The Yoda we grew up with is now gone thanks to this edition; having been replaced with the fake computer graphic that infected the 3 prequels. It's bad enough that Darth was replaced with Hayden Christensen (a change that didn't even make sense considering neither Yoda or Ben appeared as their young selves)but this new remake replaces a lot of what made the original Star Wars so cool. Had Lucas allowed the original version to be an option alongside his remake, this wouldn't be an issue.
0671027344|4.0|For me, the way I felt about this book varied completely with my age.<br />I first read The Perks of Being a Wallflower as a freshman in high school Not really belonging with anybody myself, I desperately wanted to relate to Charlie and his struggles, and made this book out to be such an incredible find. I found the characters very easy to create a connection with, I thought the book was very well written, and overall, it was a beautiful story.<br /><br />However, in a flash of nostalgia, I decided to return to this book several years later, as a freshman in college. This time around, I was much more disappointed. I still liked the characters, but I found the way that they all acted to be much more unrealistic. After having experienced many of the situations in the book myself, it just wasn't as beautiful or raw, or appealing as I thought it was the first time.<br /><br />Bottom line: I think that young teenagers in their early high school years could probably get the most out of this book. It was definitely a read that changed the way that I saw things then in a good way. However, it probably won't impress a lot of people out of high school - life just isn't what that book makes it out to be.
B0053Q9DHW|3.0|I could'nt wait to see this latest version of Jane Eyre because it received some glowing reviews. Some people liked it better then the miniseries with Timothy Dalton who is my favorite as \\"Rochester\\". I sat down in anticipation for a viewing. On many levels I was disappointed.<br /><br />The scenery, music and costumes were breathtaking. They were like a beautiful Victorian painting. That in my book is a well deserved 5 stars, unfortunately for me the rest fell flat. Mia Wasikowska did a fair job with the screenplay she had to work with. I felt Michael Fassbender was very dispassionate in his portrayal of Rochester, he gave him no depth. The only other portrayal of Rochester I've seen worse then his was William Hurt's. Judi Dench was stellar as always.<br /><br />I realize it's very difficult to cover all of Charlotte Bronte's classic novel in a 2 hour movie but I feel others have done a much better job of doing this.<br />Suffice it to say Timothy Dalton is still my favorite \\"Rochester\\"
B005ILWOZA|4.0|Another good album from underrated singer James Morrison. Stateside, his albums have not had the level of success in the US as in his native UK and I find that a shame. His voice is very soulful, heartfelt and distinictive. The Awakening has a somewhat of a retro sound. The first song, \\"In My Dreams\\" is a song that is a good example of this. A lot of enjoyable songs, including the first single, \\"I Won't Let You Go\\" and second single, a duet with Jessie J, \\"Up\\". I like that the mix of songs is not repetitive. You won't find songs sounding the same on this album. If you are a fan of good pop with soul, this album is worth looking into.
B005WTR4ZI|4.0|Race Against The Machine is a short but fascinating look at the fundamental role technology is playing in our current economic situation and the way we need to adapt to its future possible impact. I was slightly worried at the start that it was going to focus on statistics and economics but in fact it gets to the heart of the social changes and challenges we face as we enter the third industrial age.    This book echoes Kevin Kelley's What Technology Wants and Sex Time and Power by Leonard Shlain, both of which predict ever faster technology change and the prospect of a phase shift - the tipping point seen in nature when change speeds up beyond a certain speed. I believe we are headed towards such a phase shift and the changes we will see will be of a fundamental nature far beyond the current \\"more of the same\\" thinking that seems to prevail in many organisations.   Last night at a dinner party I spent most of my time sitting between a stay at home mother and a musician both of whom were very apprehensive about the Internet and technology. The mum saw it as eroding face to face communication and \\"forcing\\" her to do things she didn't want to. The musician was very negative about the Internet and preferred sticking to the vagaries of promoters and marketers than to embrace the possibilities of building his own audience on the social web. It is these people that Andrew and Erik are describing in their book. People caught out by the speed at which things are changing and feeling that they are being disenfranchised rather than enabled by what is happening to them.  Not only do we need to improve education as the authors suggest but we need to educate the educators. Many of those involved in education don't really understand the world that Andrew and Erik describe - and which the children they teach will inhabit. We also need to educate people already in the workforce - to help them adapt to the changes they will increasingly face. In fact this is the optimistic scenariothat the authors manage to cling to throughout the book - that we will adapt to what is happening and work with technology rather that fight against it. We will use our increased capabilities to invent totally new products and markets and new ways for people to make and exchange money.   For a book that pulls no punches about the challenges we face it still left me optimistic - even excited - about what lies ahead.
B004J4WKUQ|2.0|Think of this as a geek's fairy tale. The narrative arc is completely predictable, the characters are cardboard-thin and the line between heroes and villains is bright. The conceit is derivative - a bit of The Matrix in reverse. It's not entirely charmless, and those of us who lived and loved the first generations of video games and infinitely-rewatchable movies on VHS will find warm moments of genuine sentimentality. Cline, however, has nothing fresh to say and no new way to say it - he adds nothing to either the topics he tackles or the genres with which he tackles them. It's a grail quest for a generation weaned on Mario Brothers and instant nostalgia.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I want the \\"old\\" series, not the new one. Spielberg went, for me, totally overboard with special effects when he filmed the others and retouched the first three. It's more about the effects than the actors and the story line.
B002MFX0RQ|5.0|One of the best movies ever - ranks right along with Arsenic and Old Lace - both great comedies with a wonderful message. Absolutely a have to see movie!
1423136802|4.0|Warning! SPOILERS!<br />The book series starts out with Percy Jackson, a young man who lives with his mother and abusive stepfather (he has never known his father). While on a field trip, he is attacked by his teacher turned monsteresque creature. He defeats her, but soon finds himself being attacked by all types of 'mythological' creatures. In a desperate attempt to save him, his mother and best friend bring him to a camp called, Camp Half-Blood, where Percy learns that he is the son of the Greek god Poseidon. This series details the adventures of Percy, his friends, and his enemies, as they struggle with being a demi-god (half god, half human) in a world where monsters are all too real.<br />This is a very entertaining series. It teaches the reader about Greek Mythology, but brings the characters into a modern perspective. The one complaint I have is that the Greek gods and goddesses tend to ignore their demi-god children except when it is convenient for them. The gods and goddesses brush it off by saying that they have \\"duties\\" but never explain what those are. They have been around for ages; they know what makes babies and yet they still have children with no intention of taking care of them. They use the same excuses all deadbeat parents use. I would like for them to step up and change a bit or for them to at least acknowledge that they are being irresponsible. After all, they're deities! Would it be too much to ask that they pay child support?
B0058HDHAK|5.0|What an enjoyable album. If you are a Beatle fan then I think you will really enjoy it. It is digitally re-mastered to bring out the clarity of the CD.
B0009FU0ZQ|5.0|I've been a huge Tom Selleck fan for years, and Stone Cold confirmed it.  The question I kept asking myself as I watched it was, \\"How did I miss the Jesse Stone series?\\"  I can't believe I was unaware Selleck had made these gems.  At any rate, I am now inspired to buy the rest of the series.  Can't wait.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|The following review concerns using two Xboxes and two X41 wireless headsets in the same room at the same time on Xbox Live. Their are some minor challenges to overcome, but are easily dealt with.  My son and I both play on Xbox Live.  To keep game sounds out of the house, we had rigged our own home-made wireless headsets.  However, because we used a mixer, when one of us was on one side of a \\"map\\" and the other on the far side of the map, we still sounded as if we were next to one another, so, although the household was quiet, the game sounds themselves were unsatisfactory.  We tried being hard-wired (tethered) to the Xboxes, but also found that unsatisfactory (we simply didn't like the restriction).  Enter the X41s.  I got two X41s and set them up.  But because the Transmitters were too close to one another, we had a lot of pops and clicks and audio dropouts.  So I bought extension cables to move the transmitters apart.  My Xbox setup was such that I could not move the Xboxes far apart, but I could move the transmitters apart.  So, I got three ten-foot-long USB extension cables, two 25-foot RCA extension cables, and two 25-foot TOslink optical-fiber cables.  It was way more cable than we actually needed, but I wanted to be prepared for a drastic separation if needed. We moved the transmitters about ten feet apart.  No more pops, clicks, and audio dropouts.  I will say that a two-Xbox gaming couple (in another city) that I play with were still having pops and clicks and dropouts, but their wireless system simply did not have enough bandwidth, and as soon as they turned off the other wireless things in their household and moved their transmitters apart, no more pops, clicks, and audio dropouts.  So, two X41s in a two-Xbox household works fine, as long as your wireless system has enough bandwidth, and you separate the transmitters enough distance apart.  Thank you, Amazon.com for providing me with everything needed.
B004EPYZSK|3.0|The film's title says it all ... well, most of it. Set in 1873 Arizona, \\"Cowboys & Aliens\\" is about cowboys and aliens, or more precisely, about cowboys determined to rescue the townspeople from aliens. Based on a 2006 comic by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg, a big-budget genre crossover (co-executive produced by Steven Spielberg) has two big names Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford (credited in this order).     Harrison Ford's character, an influential, iron-fisted cattleman Woodrow Dolarhyde, sets out to save his spoiled son Percy (Paul Dano) from monster-like creatures. Also, there is another cowboy in \\"Cowboys & Aliens,\\" Daniel Craig's lone cowboy with no memories of his past. He is a stranger in the small town of Absolution, where Dolarhyde virtually rules. Craig's role, reminiscent of young Clint Eastwood, is slightly bigger than Ford's. Ella, a mysterious woman played by Olivia Wilde, seems interested in this amnesiac gunman.   Part of the story reminds us of a John Ford classic \\"The Searchers,\\" and \\"Cowboys & Aliens\\" looks more like a western movie with sci-fi treatment, than a sci-fi film with a western twist. Director Jon Favreau, known for the \\"Iron Man\\" films, takes the idea of blending two genres seriously, and in \\"Cowboys & Aliens\\" he plays it very straight.   While it works to some extent, \\"Cowboys & Aliens\\" suffers from the weak storyline and underwritten characters. Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford do their best, but their characters remain one dimensional. Supporting actors include Clancy Brown, Sam Rockwell and Keith Carradine, but they don't have much to do. Special effects are decent, but not really special. Action scenes are reasonably entertaining, but not very imaginative.  \\"Cowboys & Aliens\\" is fairly entertaining movie, but considering the unique concept and the talented players involved in the project, this is a little disappointing.
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|Any time I buy a book and read it in 6 hours....you know it has to be captivating.  Maybe it is the story line of a long lost love that enticed me, maybe it was the characters.  I felt as if I could envision the book as I read and in the end, while it may have been quite expected, I shed a couple of tears in the closing chapter.  If you want to escape real life for a little while....read this book.
B004EN8KE2|3.0|The story is great. I thought it was going to be all hype and no substance but it is enjoyable. The problem is the reader. I almost fell asleep quite a few times because of her voice. I would give the book a 4 star review. Because of the reader I give the audio book a 3 star.
B0055S348W|5.0|It does exactly what it is supposed to do and it is very simple. If you need to print from your phone frequently or simply wish you
0446547654|3.0|I liked the way this book started.  It told a very nice story about two people re-connecting with the past.  However, Sparks created some unrealistic situations as the read progressed.  I particularly did not like the use of a \\"ghost\\" again such as in Safe Haven.  I usually am pretty bad at figuring out an ending, however, I nailed this one pretty early.<br /><br />I read Nicholas Sparks because I got hooked on his early books and would like to believe that he can recapture that magic.  This book may have me thinking twice about spending my money on his next book.
B005LJK3AC|2.0|The video jumped a lot. We have the top of the line package from Comcast, so doubtful the problem is on our end. Next time we'll try Blockbuster.
B0041KKYGU|1.0|This is easily one of the worst movies I've ever seen. Thankfully I am just out the cost for rental and didn't buy the DVD or see it in the theater. Rather than come up with any remotely funny dialogue, the writers just pile on f-bombs, or worse.  The only reason I watched to the end was to see how much worse it could continue to get. The great Justin Timberlake and Jason Segal are totally wasted. The gorg Cameron Diaz should fire her agent. Do yourself a favor and run away from this humorless turd.
B0035G1K7S|5.0|Received the product before the estimated date, so a BIG plus... and on top of that, the movie ROCKED too!
B0002DB52M|5.0|The bible has a number of stories that relate to the elimination of people to solve the eradication of evil.  In Genesis 6, Civilization was so incorrigible that God apparently found it expeditious to drown all except for a few good people in the family of Noah.  God promised not to eliminate the world by flood again but said nothing about fire and brimstone which fell on and obliterated the \\"immoral people\\" of Sodom and Gomorrah.  The Romans carried on this theme, burning Carthage systematically to the ground in 146 BC. They outdid themselves with Jerusalem in 90AD, killing over a million Jews and taking about 100,000 slaves.  Trajan would not accept the victor's wreath because he felt the people beneath contempt, their own God had abandoned them.  In this film Grace, the mobster daughter, seeks refuge in the town of Dogville. The people start out befriending her and sheltering her against the law and her gangster family.  Partly because her beauty and goodness they began to resent her and finally unmercifully use her without conscience. During all of this they rationalize more and more brutality and thoughtlessness.  She becomes their scapegoat; they heap their sins upon her and exclude her from their society.  The men end up using her as a free whore, while she is harnessed to a weight she has to drag around the town wherever she goes.  Grace lives up to her name until the end of the film, forgiving the people of Dogville who committed despicable acts against her. Her father convinces Grace that she is as arrogant as he is because she refuses to judge the people of Dogville by her own standards. Applying this rationale she judges Dogville by her own standards, and realizes she herself would die rather than behave so abominably.  As a result she resumes life with her father, and using her first act of authority orders all the people in Dogville to be put to death.    She allows the dog to live however, because at least he is trainable and will find a new home andresume life as a good and loyal family pet. The people are beyond learning as they have descended so far into their miniature version of hell.  The audience has had three hours to watch these wretched people in their wretched town, and most would probably find the ending encouraging.  It would be better to build a new town than attempt anything with the old.    We are not told the moral implications of this ending.  The millions of Jews, gypsies, homosexuals, and other \\"misfits\\" represented the \\"Dogville of the Nazis.\\"  German memories of war, suffering, and poverty and social evil had been successfully attributed to minorities, particularly the Jewish.   In this world abuse begets in the streets survivors who can fight like starved urban rats to obtain power.  Power earned that way has the potential and desire to exact vengeance and the cycle just goes on and on.  The film Dogville is simply brilliant in taking us through a scenario which manipulates us to a position where the good must exercise vengeance on the bad in order to maintain the high standards they possess.  Use power to destroy evil, or let evil win.    You must see this film, and must think while you do.
B005IZLPKQ|5.0|This is one great movie! I saw this one in the movie theater 3 times over the summer, and loved it every time. Chris Evans does not disappoint - a regular guy who is also fearless and ready to stand up for what's right. A little over the top, which is to be expected considering this movie is based on a series of comic books by Joe Simon, and were set in the 1940's, but the movie overall is very entertaining and great for a whole family!
0385523912|5.0|The author has done a masterful job of putting together disparate people from North Korea and telling their individual life experiences of living under extreme conditions for long periods of time.We learn in this narrative of how much resourcefulness and perseverence humans are capable of.Trying to survive a terrible famine and a tyranical government at the same time against a backdrop of tragedy that is truly astounding.As well as human nature, we learn much about Korean culture and Asian culture in general.Anyone who reads this book will not fail to be moved by the life stories that the author has put together.A very interesting book,highly recommended.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|The long awaited adaptation of my beloved Green Lantern has had its share of critical flack since it was first released, which is not to say that it isn't all deserved.  While Green Lantern is quite a flawed superhero film, it isn't nearly as bad as so many have said it is.  A miscast Ryan Reynolds stars as Hal Jordan, a test pilot who is chosen to join the intergalactic police force known as the Green Lantern Corps.  In the process the evil alien entity of fear known as Parallax (voiced by Clancy Brown) is headed towards Earth, while Hal takes on his newly mutated former childhood acquaitance Hector Hammond (Peter Saarsgard) and tries to woo his occasional girlfriend Carol Ferris (Blake Lively).  That principal cast for the most part does little if anything to enhance what's going on storywise, with the Green Lantern mythos itself getting equal parts faithful re-telling and hastily-revised editing.  What is the most interesting about the film are the all too-briefly seen alien Lanterns like Sinestro (Mark Strong), Kilowog (voiced by Michael Clarke Duncan), and Tomar (voiced by Geoffrey Rush) and the Lantern home planet of Oa, all of which are wonderous sights to behold.  The Lantern construct effects are wonderful, but none of this makes up for the ultimately empty proceedings.  Still, all things considered, this could have been much worse.  All in all, Green Lantern is a disappointing adaptation of the classic DC Comics character, but it isn't nearly as bad as you've been told it is either.
0553381695|5.0|I'm just loving George R. R. Martin's Book 2, A Clash of Kings (A Song of Fire and Ice). It's like a visit with old friends. I'm enjoying following the adventures of Arya and Jon, even Tyroin and the rest of the gang. This book is every bit as good as the first...and I eagerly await reading the rest of the series!
B000002O51|4.0|First off you might be thinking, this sucks it doesn't rock hard enough, there is no \\"More Than a Feeling\\", \\"Smokin\\" and \\"Don't Look Back\\". None of these songs are played to death by classic rock radio, which don't get me wrong is not a bad thing! This record Third Stage, Boston's third album took six years to make. To some this is crazy, just think what all did you do in six years? In just six years The Beatles rose to fame, took over the music scene and were on the verge of burning out. Boston is the the creation of Tom Scholz (guitar player), was down in his studio constructing this classic. Six years of ups and downs to make 11 songs. If you want to get this because you think it's like \\"Boston\\" or \\"Don't Look Back\\" you might be disappointed.  The 11 songs flow together well and really take you on a journey. If you are new to Boston, you might recognize the song \\"Amanda\\". Overall in my humble opinion there is not a bad song on the album. I can respect a man who in the album liner notes says \\"No Synthesizers\\". If you are looking to pick up a good set of tunes, I suggest you check this one out. The first three Boston records are classics. Now.... Once you go further than those, that is where it may get a little touch and go.  Highlight Songs: Amanda, Hollyann, Can'tcha Say  4 of 5 stars
B004FJJGBG|4.0|Okay, so you all know the film, what I'm going to mention is that you get this disc for free as a rebate if you purchase Panasonic 3D units. Which in most cases, is cheaper than what the offer on this disc on Amazon third party sellers are all asking! Seriously, you can buy a Panasonic 3D Blu Ray player for $120 or so, and in four weeks, get this disc for free, as did I.   That's all.
B004GJDQT8|5.0|this is the perfect tool for shopping. look up the name brand item # find a price. i did this in a store saved myself $70 right on the spot! ordred item and it was sent to my door. i get electronics kids video games and even garage door parts. i have saved $$ hundreds of $$ using amazon now this app mkes it easier!
B002I0J5FG|3.0|Well, that's not really true.  You see, I skipped both of these games when they first came out.  I was but a kid at the time, teens if I recall.  The years are getting away with me.  I remember clearly seeing the box at Babbages (now known as GameStop after the assimilation), with a rather corny depiction of a horned kid that looked like something fresh off of Sesame Street (ICO).  I also remember seeing Shadow of the Colossus' cover, which is the same as what it shows here, but the distaste of what they had showed with ICO turned me off.  I walked away, both times.  There were no helpful reviews either, which made things worse.  Back in those days, the best games got a review within a week at the most.  The only exception to that timing was [[ASIN:B00005BJ9K Magic Knight Rayearth]], but I digress.  Fast forward a few years.  I work a good job, live independently, and have money to buy my own things.  It is this which has given me a greater appreciation for the games I buy - but the downside is that I'm also quite picky about what games I choose to spend my money on.  They have to grab and keep my attention, because unfortunately I don't have the same time I did as a kid.  Back then it was about beating as many games as possible; now it's about interesting diversions from the boring drone of a long work day.  So at the tail end of the PlayStation 2's life span, I decided to give these games a chance.  By now there were people claiming that both games were sleeper hits that must not be missed by any real gamer, and as skeptical as I was, I figured I would at least try them.  I started with ICO.  This is the PS2 version I'm talking about now).  I was confused.  I didn't understand what was going on.  The dialog was sparse, the graphics were decent, but for me, a good solid story is key to my enjoyment of the game.  I'm even forgiving if the game has a story but is poorly told.  In ICO, it felt as though the story were non-existent (which I know is not true, but it's all about perception).  It's my own fault, because I also played the Myst games and walked away with the same perception: that I was not drawn in by the story at all.  Not to be deterred, I moved on to Shadow of the Colossus: maybe it's just ICO's style.  Maybe Shadow will give me more enjoyment.  I was confused again.  This time though, it was for a different reason.  I understood what was going on.  The voice told me clearly what my objective was.  I understood all too well what I was supposed to be doing.  The problem is why: I never did understand why I was supposed to do these things.  You lay a girl down without every identifying her, and you go around slaughtering Colossi without ever understanding the reason for it.  You have powers that are never explained.  You are affected by each of the Colossi but never are told why.  The other issue hinged around controls; I could never understand how to attack the Colossi properly.  The voice tried to explain the strategy but I still could not figure it out for the life of me.  Frustrated, I got rid of the game.  Fast forward to now.  They have cleaned up the PS2 games and re-released them on the PS3 in 1080p glory.  I read a few reviews, most of them circling around sheer fanboy mentalities and nostalgia about the games that they loved, the bulk of them totally disregarding the need for an alternate delivery: people who never played the originals, or people who hated the originals.  There are a lot of things that have changed with me; I'm no longer anywhere near the gamer I used to be in my younger years.  I have a greater appreciation and skepticism for the games I purchase with my hard earned dollars, and I am quite picky about what games consume what little free time I have.  As such, I managed to get this game for free using some credit card points, and decided to give it one more crack...this time, as a time-hardened worker in his 30's who hasn't touched any of his consoles in roughly 9 months.  Let's start withICO.  {{{} ICO {}}}  ICO still confused me.  I've read on the web about what it should be about, and I've even gone so far as to view YouTube videos of the ending sequences.  I still don't fully understand what's going on, but I noticed that this time it wasn't as difficult to at least muddle through parts of it.  I managed to free the girl after some initial frustrations about where to go and what to do, and it was then that I realized that I was thinking too hard about it.  Certain solutions are blatantly obvious, but you would never have thought to try them unless you've played other games that require environment exploration.    I also experienced the sheer annoyance of having to drag Yorda around everywhere, though it's just one button to hold down, the real problem is her limitations.  She doesn't climb chains, apparently.  She's extremely slow on ladders.  She can't walk onto broken bricks on the ground.  She's prone to walking directly into the arms of a shadow being.  The beings will generate in an open space, and your first instinct is to attack them and eliminate them before she arrives, but she literally rushes into danger, where she will walk right in the path of one shadow being while you're fighting another.  Then she gets carried off at a rapid pace, and you find yourself desperately trying to pull her out of the shadow abyss.  All of this wouldn't be so bad except for what I can only describe as questionable control decisions.  The square button allows you to swing the stick to attack the shadow creatures; the triangle allows you to jump, the circle is how you interact with objects.  Simple, right?  Except that while you're in any of these animations, you can't execute another action.  For example, if you press the square button to swing at a creature, the animation is extensive and you are not able to break your swing or do anything else if you had to save Yorda from a shadow creature at that same moment who generated near her without warning.  Youdon't have the fluidity to do what you need to do and it gets annoying at times.  Also, when dragging Yorda along, you apparently cannot defend her against shadow beings; you're forced to release your grasp of her in order to properly fight creatures off, which seems rather silly, considering he swings with one arm anyway.  Lastly, the camera is quite fickle.  I never really felt fully in control of the camera at any time.  While the right analog stick lets you do some moving of the camera, and you can press one of the triggers to zoom in, there's no fine control.  You're also fighting the default camera which wants to zoom in on ICO himself rather than your objective.  Again, wouldn't be a problem except that this is an objective-based game.  At least in Myst, the first-person view allowed you to focus on what you need to do and where to go, seeing all interactive objects at a glance, rather than having to waste time panning a room around with a camera that is jerky.  I was getting motion sickness just trying to find doors.  I must disclose that given all of the above, I cut the game off when I got to a point where there was no door, only a chain, and as I said, she seems incapable of climbing chains.  So I was never able to find a way out, and it was giving me a headache.  {{{} Shadow of the Colossus {}}}  Shadow was a different beast altogether.  I gained a greater appreciation for the strategy employed in the game.  The graphical improvements didn't impress me anywhere near as well as what ICO had done, but I did appreciate the DTS surround.  I know the words 'Dolby Digital' have been engrained in people's minds as the supposed \\"best\\" audio quality, but when referring to compressed audio streams, there isn't any better than DTS surround sound on a quality system.  The world felt alive, and at times I was drawn in like I certainly was not before on the PlayStation 2.  Then again, we've come a long way technologically since those days, but still.  I was appreciative of what I experienced this time around.  When confronting the first of the Colossi, I was determined to stick with it.  I can't explain why.  And I admit, I was at first frustrated just like I was back when I was a kid.  In fact I died a couple of times (go ahead and laugh at me over that one).  But then it occurred to me what my problem was, actually 4 different problems. First, as with ICO, I was thinking too hard.  In my mind I was attempting to battle, when I should have been attempting to outsmart.  Once I got that into my head, everything fell into place.  The first Colossi died at my hands.  I felt the rush of victory.  It was actually fun.  There was strategy to it, it wasn't a straight brawl.  I had to actually think about (A) holding on to the beast, (B) resting when I got to certain points so I didn't fall off, and (C) timing my stabs around the shakes.  I was hooked.  I kept on going.  My second problem, which I didn't realize would be an issue until I had to face the second, was failing to think out of the box.  In other words, each of the Colossi has a different strategy...something that should be obvious to someone who has played quite a few strategic games, but almost escaped me.  I didn't die this time, but I wasted a lot of time trying to figure out what to do.  I was fine when I got it, but at first it was a little frustrating.  Not enough to cause me to quit though.  My third problem was trying too hard to treat the game like an RPG, instead of a strategic adventure game ala [[ASIN:B0045DTU5O So You Want to Be a Hero, Quest for Glory I]].  In other words I expected more out of the game than I should have, and disappointed myself.  The fourth problem was probably the most serious, and I didn't realize how bad until I got to the third: the controls.  The default controls are the least intuitive, most confusing set of controls I have ever experienced.  It's likely that this was part of the reason I gave up back as a youngun, lacking the patiencethat I now rely on to get through days.  Fine controls are key to a game like this, and if it doesn't work the way your brain works, you will get frustrated because you have little control over the situation.  So, I made some adjustments mid-battle...and saw an improvement.  It got easier to attack, it got easier to dodge.  I started to enjoy the battle more than even the previous, even though I haven't yet finished him (had some other things to do).  None of my adjustments fixed the horse controls though.  There were times I felt like killing the horse because it was just so frustrating trying to control him.  Times when you would want him to gallop straight forward, he would turn his head left and right like a schitzo, it was nightmarish running through narrow ravines and watching him bang into walls.  No amount of control adjustments would fix this, and I dare say it's the one thing I really dislike about the game.  In short, I am warming up to Shadow.  I'm not sure if it's possible to play a game wrong, but it's clear that I must have been playing it wrong as a kid.  Either that, or it took a level of patience and strategy that I simply lacked back then.  That was quite long-winded.  I apologize.  But I wanted to give you a straightforward experience from someone who at least tried the games and couldn't stand them.  What do I say?  I still think ICO is a terrible game.  It's not the developer's fault or anything...I realize they were trying to add some challenge and brain energy into the game, and maybe if I didn't have to yank Yorda around everywhere, or perhaps if she could do what ICO could do (such as climb chains), I wouldn't care as much.  But it just felt way too tedious for me to enjoy.  Shadow of the Colossus, on the other hand, feels like a solid game even by today's standards.  Some of the things you do may feel repetitive, but the strategy does change for each of the Colossi, and it is this change that makes the game quite engaging.  Marred only bya wonky camera and poor horse controls, I wouldn't say it's a masterpiece, but it's rock solid and well worth the play through.
B005VNOPDO|5.0|I absolutely love this show! I put off watching it for a long time, all the while enjoying the Twilight series, Trueblood, Ghost Whisperer, Supernatural and similar shows. I was hooked after just a few episodes. And now, even into the 3rd season, each episode continues to shock me, with (spoiler alert) the most recent surprise being that of Tyler's uncle Mason returning.<br /><br />One problem I have with season 3 is when in the world is Elena and Damon going to hook up? Am I the only viewer has been waiting for this to happen for the past year now? Stefan, Elena and Damon and the 3 main characters and the show IS advertised as the \\"love triangle\\" being the main theme, so, how is it they can drag it out for this long and NOT give Damon and Elena a chance? I watch each episode just waiting for something to happen, and while it is always quite entertaining and I love the twists and surprises at the end of each episode, I really think they are dragging it out between Elena and Damon for too long. Also, I would LOVE to see how Stefan, now with no humanity, would react to seeing Elena with Damon? Even without his humanity, I know that a core part of him still loves Elena, compelled or not.<br /><br />My absolute FAVORITE part of Season 3 is the love affair with Tyler and Caroline. Caroline's character has evolved from a snobby, whiny, shallow, princess type, into a smart, considerate, intelligent and interesting character. Tyler has also evolved into someone more fun to watch as well. I think their sex scene in episode 2 or 3, was one of the best sex scenes I have ever seen. I love the chemistry they have and I hope they stay together and it works out. Someone needs to turn Matt into something, anything, because his character is just too boring. He's been sad since the first show, first season. Geez, give the guy something to live for already! Through it all though, I love Damon. Ian Somerhalder is just breathtakingly gorgeous! If I were Elena I'd be throwing myself at him by now. How many times can a guy save your life before you at least throw him a bone?!!<br /><br />The one person I really miss is Jenna. I don't know how they could bring her back, but, if they bring anyone back, I wish it would be her. She brought a certain element to the show that doesn't exist without her. The show's different with her gone. I admit they didn't give her character a whole lot to work with, but she was a great actor and I enjoyed watching her. She was quite pretty as well. I'd like to see Anna come back to life too. All the different elements involved with each character make this show superb. Any 1-2 characters in the show have so much going in in their own lives, they could almost have a show of their own. So, when you combine all of these characters, you have an extremely compelling (no pun intended) show that I just can NOT get enough of!!times can a guy save your life before you at least throw him a bone?!!  The one person I really miss is Jenna. I don't know how they could bring her back, but, if they bring anyone back, I wish it would be her. She brought a certain element to the show that doesn't exist without her. The show's different with her gone. I admit they didn't give her character a whole lot to work with, but she was a great actor and I enjoyed watching her. She was quite pretty as well. I'd like to see Anna come back to life too. All the different elements involved with each character make this show superb. Any 1-2 characters in the show have so much going in in their own lives, they could almost have a show of their own. So, when you combine all of these characters, you have an extremely compelling (no pun intended) show that I just can NOT get enough of!!
B001UV4XHY|4.0|It moved along a bit slow for me. I was impressed with how the screen play followed the book quite well, but it just didn't seem to carry me along in a solid focused way that I had hoped for.  that being said, I do think the writing of the screen play and the directing did accomplish a very good purpose in that it set well the stage for the final half of the book. The build-up was profound in a subtle way and I admit that I am looking forward to the finale.  The acting was mature and superb. Daniel, Emma, and Rupert have developed into actors who have the ability to truly flesh out their characters very well. they are believable.   Buy the movie. And prepare yourself for a finale that promises to \\"knock your socks off.\\"
B004EPZ08E|5.0|Not so good for a kid's type of movie but so funny for adults. It could have been a little bit more funnier but I think they did a good job. LOL I wonder where they got the idea from....LOL
0553381695|5.0|I got into the book after watching game of thrones on hbo.  This is essentially what the 2nd season will be.  I couldn't put the book down.  It's a lot to read, but I was engrossed!
B00005U8EM|5.0|I love this movie! If you haven't see this or What about bob!? then you should probably kick yourself in the butt and go out and rent/buy them to watch!!!
B00005NTN5|1.0|Bound is your basic noir film rip-off with the anti-hero/dupe role played by a woman (Gina Gershon) instead of a man.  The plot runs rather predictably.  Dupe meets pretty girl (Jennifer Tilly) in trouble; dupe tries to save the girl and gets in over their head. The only change to the noir formulae is that, in Bound, the dupe actually gets the girl rather than ending up facing prison time sans girl (who double-crossed the dupe at the film's climax).<br />I saw this film once, and have had no desire to see it again.  As I've stated in my title, I found the film to be boring.  The plot is contrived and I could not suspend disbelief for the film's running time. Joe Pantoliano's mobster was believable up until the point that he finds himself in conflict with his girlfriend, Violet, and her desire to leave mob life. Then he goes from scary violent to gutless loser faster than you can blink with no foreshadowing whatsoever.<br />Also, I found Jennifer Tilly's character, Violet, to lack believability; after all, this character is clearly an opportunist who will sell herself to the highest bidder in exchange for pretty clothes and a nice apartment, and the viewer is expected to believe that love (for Gina Gershon's Corky) has redeemed her. Please!<br />And I'm unclear is to why the filmmakers, the Wachowski brothers, with their heavy-handed directing/writing style would think that Violet was believable as a woman who suddenly finds love and a new life; instead of the more believable concept of Violet as a greedy opportunist who will use anyone, male or female, to get what she wants.<br />This film seems to exist for the sole purpose of allowing the Wachowski brothers, of Matrix fame, to get their rocks off!  The salacious close-ups during the one and only sex scene in the film seems to prove the point. After that, it's all downhill. Pointless gratuitous violence, unnatural character deviations (see above), and the schmaltzy Hollywood-style happy ending sealed with a kiss.<br />I wouldn't recommend this film to my dog (if I had one), so don't waste precious time watching this sub-par film. Better to spend your time more wisely, i.e., alphabetising your DVD collection.mmend this film to my dog (if I had one), so don't waste precious time watching this sub-par film. Better to spend your time more wisely, i.e., alphabetising your DVD collection.
0307720748|5.0|Recently purchased this book, have not read it all yet.  Was so impressed by Virgin Airlines and our experience on a recent travel that I had to buy the book.<br />From what I've read, if anyone has the slight interest in one person who became a success on his own and using his brains for a change - then this is the book to read.
0618680004|5.0|Dawkins is a very intelligent man, a true hero of our times, and this work of his is simply a fantastic read. We would have far lesser conflicts in the world if more people chose the path of reason over supernatural delusions.
B005CGI4EG|4.0|Loved this series! They comedy is as funny and cuting edge as it was in the 80's! And the price was great!
B003L77G6A|4.0|I really enjoy the Big Bang Theory...I enjoyed it a lot more when it was not as sexual as it is now...I would rather them stay with the science aspect of it opposed to conforming to society and just doing the whole sex sells thing...don't get me wrong the humor is still there just more sex related stuff than the past.
0151003084|5.0|faulously macabre antidote to all the saccharine a is for apple alphabet books, with beautiful drawings. a must for any gorey fan
B004ZN9RWK|5.0|I just spent the last two hours ABing this new 2011 DSOTM remaster with the 2003 SACD version.  I also have the original 1973 record and have MFSL's version.  I listened to the 2011 version first and was quite confident it would blow the 2003 version away.  OH Oh!<br />The 2003 re-master was kicking the 2011 butts.  In other posts with other Flyod's remasters I said glowingly of them because they kickd the pants off the 16 bit versions.  I was all prepared to write a glowing, I know that all the new technology can't be beat reveiw.<br />So I tried another song.  Every song on the 2003 remaster was winning.  Not only winning but winning big.  2003 has a much gentler sound, much more easy on the ears.  Clearly 2003 was 24 bitmastered, bitmapped.  I checked all the booklet but didn't get any info.<br />Just that it was a double layer disc.  This really surprized me.  But with fresh ears the 2003 version wins.  So you win and I'm out 14 bucks buying a version I'm less likely to listen too.  If you have an old 16 bit version, upgrade.  If you have the 2003 remaster, spend your money on Animals or Meddle.  Hey, sometimes the brain lies but the ears are more persuavsive.
B005AUWY90|5.0|People that just sit here and trash this movie because they loved Cars are why I decided to write this.  This is not Cars, it is Cars 2.  It is the big brother version of Cars.  The kids that were 2 or 3 when Cars came out are now 7 and 8, causing the writers to have to cater to an older audience.  I, as well as my 6-year-old who has every thing ever made with Cars on it, and my 2-year-old triplets (2 girls and a boy) LOVED this movie.  It is a different take on Lightning McQueen and Tow MAter's relationship and is an entertaining spy filled movie.  My son has now asked for everything Cars 2 for his birthday and Christmas.  If you are expecting Cars, then watch Cars.
1932073221|5.0|In the beginning of the book, it explains that the physical, earth based laws of money are well explained elsewhere but that the spiritual laws of money/abundance are outlined and explained in this one. Abundance encompasses much more than money, it also refers to our thinking and how that needs to be changed in order to manifest what we want. And, I have not seen this in any other book on this subject, part of the change is to want other people to experience abundance also, whether they be friends, family or strangers.<br />To people who say that there are no exercises, there is usually a guided meditation at the end of each chapter as well as suggestions sprinkled throughout. I would certainly recommend writing the affirmations they suggest, as well as your own, and your wants and needs for abundance. So this is a spiritually based book and yes, any books by Sanaya Roman and Duane Packer are considered \\"channeled\\" books, with the bulk of the message by their guides. If you have issues with that, consider that spirit guides have the same source as angels and other highly evolved spiritual beings. Consider the messages you get and decide whether they are for your highest good. If so, then it will be to your benefit to read and practice what's in this book. It's completely up to you.<br />One other note: there is a website with CDs (or downloads) to accompany the book as well as other topics. Not sure if the CDs are available from other sources like Amazon.<br /><br />update: 11-29-13 I am just a few pages from finishing this book and am reflecting on how much it has opened my eyes to true abundance. It is full of wisdom and I will use it as a reference for some time to come.
0553386794|5.0|I was reluctant to buy the Kindle version after reading the reviews about the poor editing and typos, but I decided to try my luck anyway. I'm glad I did because I didn't have any issues at all. There were one or two instances when I noticed a very minor typo, but that hardly ruined my enjoyment of the book.<br /><br />And yes, I did enjoy this book so very much! It's definitely not your typical ~epic fantasy~. It's driven a lot more by characterisation than by action and magical fireworks. I think it's safe to say that the characters ARE the plot. If you like scheming and gossiping and intrigue, then you will definitely have fun with this.<br /><br />In the interest of being fair and including something negative, I will say that I had to really concentrate in the first few chapters to keep track of everyone that was being introduced (since the point of view changes so often). But eventually I got into the flow of things.<br /><br />As most previous reviewers have said, there are quite explicit references to sex, rape, and general debauchery, but it's generally no more than a few sentences and easy enough to skim over if you don't have the stomach for that sort of thing. Personally, reading some of the negative reviews here almost scared me off, but I would definitely recommend you give the book a chance, because it really isn't as huge a part of the story as some people have made it out to be.
B004ULNJIU|3.0|when i bought blitz, i thought i'd get the typical crime thriller with its predictable twists and turns, but who knew  i'd also get an interesting peek into the identity politics that go on in big cities everywhere.  while never pronounced or obvious, this film touches on the the tensions between black and white, poor and rich, men and women, gay and straight, and so many others.  in the end, the film unfolds exactly as one would would predict, but it remains interesting as one finds out the statham character navigates the modern difficulties of big city crime fighting.
B005HSL626|5.0|This game is good, both on Android and Xbox360.  Stop complaining about ads in a free version.  Tell you what, you go to work for free and see how that works out.
159102594X|3.0|I think I will give a warning to others not  to give up on this book but since I didn't, maybe there is no need for a warning after all.  I grew very frustrated with this book all the way to the last quarter of the story.  There were times I wanted to scream WHY at Joe and bump my head against my desk.  I didn't of course since all my co-workers would have been curious and found me out for listening to this story at work.  Yes listening, I decided to listen to this series on Audible and a good thing it was too because it was the excellent narrator that kept me going to the end.<br /><br />I'm going to say that by the end there was NO WAY I could leave the rest of the books unread and felt I had a vested interest in the Bloody Nine and the others as well.  I will save the rest of the review for when I'm finished with the series as I'm starting the third book now and continuing.  I'm a girl reading this and so want to say thanks to Joe for the TINY shred of romance he's let trickle into the books.... yea yea... I had to say it.<br /><br />READ ON... you will be glad you hung in there.
B00000K3G8|5.0|I loved it back then, and I still love it now. It sounds a bit fresher now, but that's to be expected with new technology. One thing I did notice was that (at least) one of the tracks (I forget which) has a skip. It's not likly from my player system as it did it again upon rewind.  But, it's noticable and I'm thinking about a return. I love this album. It doesn't capture the entire concert track listing as it is missing Cities and I Zimbra, a tragic loss. But, this is (IMHO) Talking Heads best album ever, and worth the purchase price. Turn it up loud! And, Stop Making Sense!
B00476KTKO|5.0|This show is so funny!  Love Cam in his bike shorts.  What is NOT to love about this entire series.  Just go ahead and buy the whole thing :)
0879309210|5.0|I purchased this book to setup my own guitar and to get a better understanding of how the mechanics of a guitar work.  With this book I am able to accomplish both!  Also, Dan has a wonderful way of explaining things where the common guitar player can understand him.  Great book, highly recommended.
0062011847|4.0|I love Terry Pratchett's Discworld novels so much, I reread them every year--with the exception of \\"Making Money\\" (2008), \\"Unseen Academicals\\" (2010), and \\"I Shall Wear Midnight\\" (2010).  In these last three novels, some of my favorite characters seemed to have developed logorrhea, i.e. they can't stop talking.  Even Ankh-Morpork's Patrician, Lord Vetinari, once a tyrant of few words (\\"Thank you for coming to see me.  Don't hesitate to leave.\\") is waxing verbose.  And Sam Vimes, the epitome of a man of action is now chatting up criminals like some effusive talk-show hostess--he seems to be turning into the Nancy Grace of Discworld.<br /><br />C'mon Sam, go back to bopping the bad guys instead of lecturing them on their sins!<br /><br />The plot of \\"Snuff\\" is fairly lean.  Lord Vetinari and Sam's wife, the redoubtable Lady Sybil conspire to get Sam, who is now Lord Vimes, Commander of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch, to take a well-deserved holiday on Lady Sybil's ancestral country estate.  Sam is a city boy and to him the countryside is full of strange noises and even stranger smells.  Luckily, the boonies ain't precisely free of crime, and Commander Vimes is soon in full-throated pursuit, especially after the local constable tries to arrest him for murder.<br /><br />One of the ongoing themes threading the Discworld City Watch novels is the growth of Sam's character from a red-neck speciesist, who only allowed humans (well, with the exception of Nobby Nobbs) to serve in his City Watch, to a multi-cultural commander who was even talked into enlisting a vampire (although reluctantly), and a certified public accountant.  \\"Snuff\\" develops his relationship with the most maligned, ugliest, smelliest creatures on Discworld:  the gnomes.<br /><br />Terry Pratchett has been compared to Charles Dickens (Pratchett is better), Chaucer, \\"J.R.R. Tolkien with a sharper, more satiric edge,\\" and P.G. Wodehouse.  I think any author who garners comparisons with such wildly disparate writers must be in a category by himself.  Heck, Pratchett IS a category by himself and the City Watch novels (with the exception of \\"Snuff\\") are among his best works.<br /><br />If you'd like to read the Sam Vimes/City Watch books in order of publication, they are: \\"Guards! Guards!\\" (1989); \\"Men at Arms\\" (1993); \\"Feet of Clay\\" (1996); \\"Jingo\\" (1997); \\"The Fifth Elephant\\" (2000); \\"Night Watch\\" (2002); \\"Thud!\\" (2005); and \\"Snuff\\" (2011).Heck, Pratchett IS a category by himself and the City Watch novels (with the exception of \\"Snuff\\") are among his best works.  If you'd like to read the Sam Vimes/City Watch books in order of publication, they are: \\"Guards! Guards!\\" (1989); \\"Men at Arms\\" (1993); \\"Feet of Clay\\" (1996); \\"Jingo\\" (1997); \\"The Fifth Elephant\\" (2000); \\"Night Watch\\" (2002); \\"Thud!\\" (2005); and \\"Snuff\\" (2011).
0307888681|5.0|Loved it! I read it to my fianc&eacute; who has to make a long drive back to his Marine Corps base. It was a great book for this.
B002HJ9PTO|5.0|Picked up this little number to record to my Zoom H4N and it worked really well.  Got another one in case I have two person interviews coming up.. make sure you have subjects remove neck jewelry (necklaces, etc...) before recording.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|Watched this just a few days ago and loved every second of it.  This is my first review because this movie is worth getting the information out to the public.  JUST WATCH IT!!!
0312383347|4.0|\\"Plum Spooky\\" was a fun read for Halloween.  I love all the Stephanie Plum stories.  The \\"between-the-numbers\\" books are a bit lighter than the regular novels, with a dose of fantasy thrown in, but that's part of the fun.  I love Diesel.  I think he's a great, hunky hero.  And the rest of the characters where as wacky and fun as ever.
1466284862|4.0|Considered one of EM Forster's finest novels, HOWARD'S END proves less about the condition of a family estate in the country, than the Condition-of-Edwardian England itself.  Characters struggle to emerge from Victorian mores and constraints as classes shift or writhe uncomfortably--either to change and improve or to cling tenaciously to their society status. Underlying the theme of class struggle is one of visual, geographic impact; London and city life in general sprawl like an encroaching octopus, gobbling up the once rural landscape. Not content to remain the distant but omniscient narrator, EMF calmly interjects his own views on morality and progress as the story unfolds. Despite its uneven pacing we are drawn into the inevitable collision of the artistic, cultured Schlegels and the practical, wealthy, businesslike Wilcoxes. Can two such opposite families join forces amicably and socially--to their mutual benefit?   The Misses Schlegels, Margaret and younger Helen, are suddenly drawn into awkward dealings with two classes unlike their own, Anglicized German status.  They become involved with men in the Wilcox family and later with a pathetic couple struggling to make ends meet. Eager to demonstrate social charity and obligation the sisters obtain career advice from Mr. Wilcox (later to become Meg's husband), which ultimately ruins the modest Basts.  Who is morally responsible for this debacle? How to rectify it or minimize the damage? Also, should a man's youthful indiscretion be permitted to haunt him and jeopardize his marriage? Why does Helen estrange herself from her beloved sister by preferring to live abroad? How does a mistaken umbrella precipitate a series of catastrophic social events which will ruin one family and threaten the foundation of another?  Shunned by various Wilcoxes over the years Howard's End falls into some disrepair, although it is appreciated by watchful old Miss Avery, who loves it as much as the first Mrs. Wilcox.  Yet cultured Margaret recognizes its sentimental and beneficial value--only she can cherish it as an unexpected, long-delayed legacy from the previous mistress. But what trials and delays must Meg endure before she can settle there permanently? EMF presents the role of geography (landscape and gentry houses) upon the goals and personalities of his tortured characters.  Torn between loyalty to Henry and devotion to Helen, how often must a woman forgive and accept from her husband, in order to maintain marital peace? An insightful, introspective novel about human relationships, striving to improve one's lot and moral obligations for charitable reform. How much should civilization sacrifice in the name of Progress--to achieve these noble Ends?
B0053O89WY|5.0|This show just cracks me up.  I watch the DVD when I need a lift.  My 24 year old daughter had never seen the show and she enjoys it too.
1449408656|5.0|I am a new cat owner but I still haven't succumbed to watching every cat video on YouTube.  My cat keeps me well entertained enough.  I found Cat vs. Human by chance and was immediately hooked!  Yasmine manages to capture the more subtle nuances of kitties and their owners in a way that is both ironic and endearing without being overly cute.  Her Crazy Cat Lady is a scream.  I am buying these books as holiday gifts for other fellow cat lovers.
B001I0T92Q|4.0|I love this product. It works just like dicribed.<br />The only problem is the workmenship.<br /><br />The outer casing is vary flimsy and has already cracked.<br />I hope that some day they fix this problem.<br /><br />in the mean time i suggest buying 2 or 3 right off the bat, that way you have some spares.
0613371518|5.0|I was very happy about the condition of the book and incredibly fast shipping!  I love the book, must have read it like 3 times within a two-period week.  I love how Howl is portrayed (which is a bit different from the movie) and Sophie as well.  It was nice to read further character development for all.  Great buy!
B0052GACNM|5.0|IN TODAYS WORLD THEY DON,T MAKE MUSIC LIKE THIS ANYMORE,,AND THAT IS SAD,,,MY OPION TO THE MUSIC INDUSTRY IS THE MUSIC YOU ARE SENDING OUT TO THE YOUNG GENERATION IS GARBAGE,,TO SAY THE LEAST,,,WAKE UP AMERICA,,,LEARN FROM SINGERS LIKE TONY,,FRANK,MATHIS,DIANE ROSS,,
B005JU5JTI|1.0|I like both Cameron and Justin but this movie showed their probably worst performance because of the really lousy script.  I know that the f word has been integrated into our language but here it was totally out of place.  This movie shows that the stars alone don't make a good movie.
B0041KKYGA|1.0|Is at the heart of this conspiracy theory movie which asserts that Elizabeth the 1st gave birth to no less 4 bastard princes, and was careless enough to have lost track of the one who was the Earl of Oxford, who they declare actually wrote the Shakespearian body of work, and she accidentally had an incestuous affair with him which resulted in the birth of the Earl of Southampton.   Oxford, according to the hackneyed , overblown and pompous screenplay written by John Orloff, wrote \\"Midsummer Night's Dream \\" when he was a mere lad of 9 years old!   Shakespeare himself is portrayed as an illiterate actor (neat trick, how did he learn his lines if he couldn't read them!)who is merely a front for Oxford, who writes all his plays as political satire and comentary. (Oh, lest I forget, Shakespeare also murdered Marlowe, by \\"cutting his throat\\". I'd always read that the coroner's inquest at the time states Marlowe was stabbed in the eye. One of many inaccuracies in the film.)  No scholars accept this heretical ideology , which was began in the mid 1800's by a woman who ended her days in an insane asylum, and which has class warfare and snobbery at it's base.   The film is over the top , Da Vinci Code style calumny, which attempts to discredit the two giants of the Elizabeth Age, The Sweet Swan of Avon and the Virgin Queen herself.   If I want high fantasy and insane political intrigue I'll watch \\"Game of Thrones\\"!  Emmerich, true to form, can't resist blowing things up and setting them ablaze, and he does treat the audiance to a bevy of young handsome boys whose performances ring as hollow as the dialogue which is not penned by the bard.Redgrave and Richardson casting is a clever conciet, if you overlook the fact that Richardson is 47, and Elizabeth came to the throne at age 25.I could go on , but to what purpose?  Long story short, unless you have a large appetite for nonsense, step away from Anonymous.
B004XQO90O|3.0|This combo genre of action adventure melded to sci fi is popular at the box office. I think I prefer it when the film is solidly one or the other. It is VERY plot driven. The main character, a captain with possibly a sci fi fleet, keeps repeating the same event over and over involving a train which is blown up by a mad bomber.  Jake G plays the captain and he is quite good. He carries the whole movie, virtually every frame.<br /><br />This reminds me of the German film RUN LOLA RUN by Tom Twyker. He had Lola repeating the same event again and again with the end result of her ending up dead or her boyfriend or both.  She keeps redoing the sequence of events so that she can get them to both live. However, there is no \\"state\\" or army involved, no bombing event and no controlling force.  We never know what caused Lola to live this sequence again and again.  That was a 5 star film for me but Twyker did it first.  If you liked this movie, you will love the Twyker one.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B003EYVXYG|1.0|Okay, so I generally love Romero, um, is everyone sure he did this movie??  From the beginning I was disappointed, but I kept watching, it had to get better, it's a Romero film!!  Um, no, no, it didn't.  This movie just bummed me out, this movie could have been so much better, like Diary of the Dead was, that was a good flick.  But this movie just pretty much sucked from the beginning. I so can not recommend this film, at least not with a good horror movie fan concious mind. Of course die hard fans will add it to their collection, that's why we are die hard fans, we even have the sucky ones on DVD.  But for me, I wont be watching it again.
B000003TA2|5.0|And my favorite album of theirs, every song is great! I would call it \\"Daydream Nation II\\". It's a masterpiece with some of their best guitar work. From the transcendental opening riffs of 'Dirty Boots' to the beautifully droning feedback epilogue of 'Titanium Expose'. A 90s alt/rock classic! Favorite Songs: Dirty Boots, Mildred Pierce, Mote, Kool Thing, Titanium Expose
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I am the world's worst knife sharpener. I'm also a BIG believer in the old saying, \\"A dull knife is a dangerous knife.\\" What a dilemma. At least until I ran across the Pocket Pal while looking for something idiot-proof to put a real honest-to-goodness edge on my blades. One, it IS idiot-proof. After spending a few days FOLLOWING THE DIRECTIONS I had all my knives sharper than I'd ever had them before.  My Gerber survival knife cut like it hadn't since I first bought it. My Gator was sharper than it had EVER been before. My various other blades; machete, Arkansas toothpick, Swiss Army and various carving knives were all SAFE now. But, best of all, my brand new Ka-bar Big Brother was the sharpest of the lot. It (and the toothpick) had come dull as they could be and to be able to get them the way they should have come from the factory was very, very satisfying.  To be able to buy such a wonderful tool so cheaply was mind-boggling. To have it be so portable I can stick it in my watch pocket is absolutely great. So now I have the four essential and mandatory survival items every outdoorsman must carry without fail; compass, Bic-type lighter, excellent all-around knife and, finally, something easily portable with which to keep it sharp. (Next on the list would be 550 cord and water purifier.) All else is \\"obtanium\\" as that nut on tv likes to call it. Anyone who wants a sharper edge, such as you might get with a high-grit waterstone is simply looking for bragging rights or is suffering from OCD.  Finally, the reason I say this is the world's best sharpener is because a) it is inexpensive and therefore obtainable by all, b) easy to use by anyone, even me, c) it gives an excellent edge without hassle and d) is easily portable and therefore removes the excuse that it's a pain to carry. It IS \\"the better mousetrap.\\"
B005GVA2L0|5.0|The band has done it again! Another remarkable album with these talented musicians creating powerful, emotional, moving, enveloping music, of course with Amy's beautiful voice and heady lyrics, some lovely new harmonies and moments soft and hard create a new vibe, but nevertheless, our (MY) favorite band has captured my ears, heart and mind again! Thanks! I can't wait for my first LIVE experience in 3 days! So glad I got Amazon to send it as soon as it was out, so I have time to learn all the new and fantastic tunes! :D
0307352145|5.0|I loved this book.  I plan on pre-ordering 3 copies for friends, and have had several colleagues tell me they plan on ordering it once it's available.  I had no idea how prevalent the cult of the extrovert was, nor how much stress it puts on those who are introverted.  The author first establishes her working definitions of introversion and extroversion (hint: it's not as simple as pop-psych would have you believe), then goes on to document personality traits associated with both.  Backing up her points are clearly cited references that readers can, and in this case will, pursue for a more in-depth understanding.  No stone is left unturned, as the evolutionary advantages of introversion are discussed, along with the fact that obsession with extroversion is primarily a Western (US?) driven phenomenon.  As someone who can be introverted or extroverted, depending on the situation, I found this book very enlightening.  It will certainly help me better relate to introverts and to accommodate their needs.
B005JU5JTI|4.0|I THOUGHT THIS LIGHT COMEDY WAS NOT THE FUNNIEST THING I'D EVER SEEN, BUT IT WAS STILL VERY CUTE AND ENGAGING. I REALLY LIKED IT. I NEVER PARTICULARLY CARED FOR DIAZ, BUT HER PERFORMANCE AS THE MANIPULATIVE ELIZABETH,THE RIVALRY SHE HAD WITH SQUIRREL AND THE THWARTED LOVE QUADRANGLE INVOLVED IN THE MOVIE WAS GREAT ENTERTAINMENT FOR A SATURDAY, ONCE THE KIDDIES WERE IN BED. I'D RECOMMEND IT.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|jampacked action; better leading lady ;)plus pre-ordering with Amazon is so convenient. you get alerted when movies come out on DVD ahead of time.
B004XDYJRU|3.0|Pros: The app has a great UI making search extremely intuitive, it allows searching by artist, track, genre; has a suggested station list based on selection and a whole bunch of stations to select from. I am biased towards a radio which has 'shows' rather than an outright music only service like pandora as the former allows for a well rounded experience. The search local stations also has a great advantage when traveling. The display of track/artist is also a cool feature to have.<br /><br />Cons: The app does consume a lot of battery life and leaving it on charge when the app is on is a good idea. I noticed on a lot of occasions when the app/stream would just die and let the phone sleep. The reconnect is then a manual process.<br /><br />In summary a cool app to have and very user friendly as well as provides a nice radio experience.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|SOTC and Ico are two of the best games of the PS2 era.  This collection has high resolution visuals, a vastly improved frame rate for SOTC and two platinum trophies.  There isn't much to be said that hasn't been said about these classics, but as far as HD remasters go this one is top notch.  If you never played these games before, now is the perfect time.  If you have played them, they are worth again playing with the uprezed visuals and the silky smooth 60fps.  Now we need an Onimusha collection!
0375826742|5.0|I have finished this trilogy in 3 months.  holy moly.  I was glued to each page, and I read all 3 books non-stop over the course of a month and half.  What an amazing journey.  I can't wait for the 4th book. I hope the author follows in the footsteps of terry brooks and continues with more books.
B000FC1JCQ|5.0|I really enjoyed this book... It took me to another world filled with magic, honour, destiny, passion and love. It was thought provoking, intense and magickal. This is a book I could read again and learn again more from it. I loved the journey of the characters.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|The case, made out of TPU, is clear and has a wavy pattern on the inside of the case, preventing the oil/rainbow effect seen on cases with a flat inside. The case has a solid plastic feel on the back and all around the case (feels nice to hold though), with the top parts of the case touching the front of the iPhone being rubbery. All buttons are easily accessible, and the power cord can be attached without any hassle.<br /><br />The case also comes with a clear screen protector, which to my surprise, turned out to be really nice. The screen protector does not interfere with the crispness of the retina display at all, in fact you barely notice it's there.<br /><br />Overall the AmazonBasics Protective TPU Case looks and feels really nice, and I would definitely trust it to protect my phone in case of a drop. If you're looking for a clear (or smoke) case, then I'm sure for $9 you will be very happy with this case :)<br /><br />I should note though, that it is a bit hard to get the phone out of the case, but personally I don't consider that to be a bad thing.
B003FXCSNQ|5.0|Some reviewers here say this is not the original version which is what I read. If that is true then get the real book as this is one of the greats. Set in an apolyctic world where humanity has mostly fled, the central character is a policeman and bounty hunter. Androids used in the colonies occasionally escape and come to earth where they are hunted down and killed. The story explores the meaning of being human, androids are almost human but lack empathy and it is this lack which is used to search them out and eliminate them. A great read even though it is over forty years old. Classic sci fi which stands the test of time.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Very enjoyable game. Beautiful graphics that track very smoothly, Gameplay that keeps me interested, and even the soundtrack is okay without getting too annoying.
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|Possibly the worst movie I have ever started to watch, turned off or fell asleep half way through.  Could not get through the dismal creation opening 30 minutes which seemed like a real lifetime!
B003Y5H4Y8|4.0|This psychological drama shows Helen Mirren as a retired agent of Israel's Mossad. There's a memoir being published about her most famous work as an active agent: a mission to capture a notorious Nazi war criminal, and his death when trying to bring him to justice. The action switches back and forth between the retiree's present day as mother and grandmother, and her mission to capture the criminal.<br /><br />The thing is, that's not the way it happened. The criminal wasn't captured, he escaped. For reasons that made sense at the time, she and the whole team brought this fabrication back instead of the man himself, and have lived with it for all the decades since. Then, when it seems the criminal could reappear, their story is about to tear open.<br /><br />This isn't a big action flick. All of the tension is mental. For me, the tensest moment might be when they young Mossad agent makes contact with the brutal killer, living under an assumed name and working in a women's clinic. Presenting herself as a patient, she has to endure a pelvic exam at the hands of the man who tortured and maimed so many - a unique and chilling kind of bravery.<br /><br />Although this is very well done and has some memorable moments, it's not the kind I'll come back to.<br /><br />-- wiredweird
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|Owning 4 copies of 'Jane Eyre' already (BBC's Timothy Dalton version, A&E's Ciaran Hinds version, Miramax's Charlotte Gainsbourg, and BBC's Toby Stephens and having rented a few more!), it might come as a surprise that I'd want to buy a 5th, the new version by Universal with Mia Wasikowska (Alice in Wonderland), but what a great story!  I'm always up to check out a new adaptation of a favorite, and see how it compares: this 'Jane Eyre' does not disappoint!    The acting is superbly done, the costumes are good, the cinematography is well-done - I was touched by the lovely, emotional and heartfelt scenes, and fell in love with the characters all over again.  It's hard to pick a favorite 'Jane Eyre' myself, as there are merits from each of the ones that I own: a particular touching scene, a re-interpretation of the language of the novel, a filming location or style of presentation...I found enough different and enough the same in this new version, to appreciate it deeply for its own merits, while still adoring the great works of other 'Jane Eyre' films done in the past: such great parts played by Timothy Dalton, Ciaran Hinds, Toby Stephens, etc.
B004EPZ07U|2.0|The whole point of getting the digital copy is so you can play it on the go on(on a plane, in the gym, on the train). By having to use the internet to playback defeats the whole purpose of having a digital copy. Plus Flixster is a terrible service and the browser is terrible. If there's a blu ray on the market that I'm sorta interested in and it has digital copy, then I'm more likely to purchase it.<br /><br />Additionally, the conversion is very dark. Usually when I watch blu-rays on my tv, the brighter colors are brighter and the darker colors are darker. this Blu Ray is very dark, it looks as good as the DVD.<br /><br />I'm a big GL fan; I collect the comics and I'm really into the lore. The movie is not that great but can be a good movie if you can just allow yourself to have fun and enjoy it. The special features are pretty cool but I wanted to see more(another big reason I buy Blu-Rays).<br /><br />I know WB didn't make the money they hoped to on this movie. You can tell by the quality of the printing on the disc, the digital conversion, the menus; it's all very rushed out the door and without care. Hal is great character and the GL universe is amazing; I really hope they try for a sequel and they can fix all the problems with this one.
B005NPB7K4|5.0|Although I 1st heard his music when \\"Wicked Game\\" came out, it wasn't until this past July that I finally got to see Chris Isaak live.  I waited 7 years for him to come back to town & luckily got to meet him before the show.  As he was saying good-bye, he mentioned in passing that he had a new CD coming out covering Sun Studio artists & that he was going to sing some songs during the show.  I expected to hear just a few songs but they did a whole set & it was AWESOME!  FYI....I'm a recovering Elvis freak.  I lived & breathed Elvis back when I was a teen in the 80's.  So I know A LOT of his songs.  I went home that night w/a better appreciation for Chris' talent.  He's the real deal.  He proved it when he sang to us backstage & when he hit those long high notes on stage.  There was a good turnout of young & older people & EVERYONE was clearly having a good time.  He's truly underrated in a world of the autotuned \\"talent\\" that gets all the overrated hype....    So I excitedly counted down the days for the CD release.  I think most musicians would've naturally gone to more famous Elvis' Sun songs like \\"That's All Right\\", \\"Good Rockin' Tonight\\" & \\"Mystery Train\\".  I love that Chris went for lesser known ones like \\"I Forgot To Remember To Forget\\" & \\"Trying To Get To You\\". In going beyond Sun Studios, \\"Can't Help Falling in Love\\" & \\"It's Now or Never\\" were perfect choices.  I also liked Jerry Lee Lewis growing up & have added Johnny Cash in the last decade.  It's a testament to Chris' talent as to how wide-ranged his voice is when he can sound a bit like Johnny in one song & Elvis in another.  Props also go out to the rest of the band, especially Hershel on lead guitar for capturing the sounds played by Scotty Moore.  Growing up, listening to this kind of music was \\"uncool\\".  I guess it still is now but to know that this is what influenced the talent that is Chris Isaak, I'm proud to own this CD.  It's even made this recovering Elvis freak fall off the wagon.  I ended updusting off a few of my Elvis LPs (I own 35) & most of the words came back to me like in my teen years.  I could definitely imagine him doing so many other songs.  So if there's a downside to this CD, it would be that it may feed into your addiction to good old-fashioned rock & roll....
B005RUV714|5.0|Knowing the second season was coming, I watched the entirety of the first season again and found them just as amazing as the first time around. Immediately after watching the final episode of the last season I started the new one and I think it's great. I understand what the other reviewers have said, but I thought the pace was just fine, the episode had a lot of drama, a lot of action and definitely left me waiting for the next episode.   Good stuff! Can't wait for more.
B00140PK6O|5.0|The BBC is well known for creating beautiful series for us to enjoy: Cranford does not at all miss the mark: it's fabulous!  The characters are lovable, the town and all it's little ways, with the ladies (and their various social classes), all friends and practicing hospitality and social customs.  It's great to watch the various love stories unfold, and the other character developments: you grow to love person for their foibles and all!  Cranford is an excellent series you'll want to watch again and again, from beginning to end.  For those of you worried about family-friendly content, this series is quite clean ~ there are a few mild profanities, a little bit of violence and some medical scenes (a broken arm with some blood, etc.), but overall the series is heartwarming and wonderful: I would highly recommend it!
B004V98UKS|3.0|puzzle type game. cute game concept. fun for a while but certainly not addicting. I ended up uninstalling after a week or so.
B005HETGAO|3.0|This was a good episode, but the writer(s) dated themselves by including a very small side-reference to Fermat's Last Theorem, which Capt. Picard said hadn't been solved \\"for over eight hundred years.\\"<br /><br />Sadly, this dated the episode and destroyed realism for me because Fermat's Last Theorem was solved just six years after this episode (in 1994 by the Brit Andrew Wiles).<br /><br />It is possible, however, that the proof was lost in the wars and socio-economic collapses of the mid-21st Century, however unlikely.<br /><br />Otherwise, a fun episode.
014241722X|1.0|I was excited when I saw that John Grisham had created this series and so sure it would be excellent that I made the mistake of purchasing two of the tiles. I will be returning the 2nd purchase and I was sorry it is not possible to do zero stars.  Grisham has a talent for developing strong believable characters with exciting plot lines.  The main characters are not believable and the story dragged.  Grisham creates a main plot and several subplots, but leaves the only interesting plots completely unresolved.  What happens to the illegal Hispanic witness and his family?  There are two dangerous bad guys who have every intention of causing a problem for the new trial and one is left with the impression that Theo and the Hispanic witness are in serious danger.  But it ends with no further \\"danger\\" than an evil look toward Theo. Why did he introduce the sinister bad guys if he had no intention of having them do anything relevant?  What happens to Theo's friend April and how does the judge rule for her custody?  What happens with the uncle's renewed relationship with his family?  Grisham leaves the reader with lots of unresolved questions and thus an unsatisfactory experience.  Grisham clearly has not read a young teen book as this story is not fast paced enough, exciting enough, or believable enough to keep the attention of his intended audience.  It seems as though Grisham had some good ideas and became scared of scaring the audience and backed off from giving a full story.  Or perhaps he bored himself with the dull parts and just stopped before it was complete.  Grisham should read some young teen books before writing more.  If this book had not had Grisham's name on it, I do not think it would have been published.  Ripped off in GA
055358894X|5.0|Picked this book up on a whim because of it's interesting title, and I was not disappointed! The story is wonderfully written with much humor and wit. The flashbacks were a little bit confusing in the beginning, but once I got used to them, they added depth and flavor to the book. The characters were wonderfully developed and the plot made for an engaging read.
B003XQG0JI|5.0|I know I will wear this one out.   Loved it from the very first song.  Everything about it is awesome.  Cover songs were done so well and with great respect  for the original.  Her voice is so special. Not too many females singers can  give me goose bumps, but listening  to Small Town Boy does it every time.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game is fun, it has easy and smooth controls and is challenging.  recommended.  I also like the relaxing music.
B00005JKDR|5.0|Great movie my daughter just loves watiching it over and over. Adults will enojoy as much as the kids. Great story to learn from.
B004J4WKTW|2.0|I read great reviews about this bestseller and couldn't wait to get started on it.  I was hoping I'd be as hooked on this romance as I was on the Twilight books, which, I know, aren't ranked high in literary circles.  I'm half way through and am not inclined to finish the book.  Just as I was becoming a little bit interested in the Marco/Celia plotline, a new story, even less riveting, involving Baily and the twins, was introduced.  I found myself checking the dates at the beginning of each chapter to try to keep up with what's going on, and soon stopped even caring what was going on.  Obviously, this story appeals to lovers of fantasy and magic.  I'm wanting to care more about the characters.  I don't doubt that Ms. Morgenstern is talented, her story just isn't grabbing me.  I will try to finish the book, in hopes that the second half gets better.
0439023521|4.0|Everybody I work with has read, is reading, or waiting to read this book. It was good, a little dark and twisted, but kept me curious about what would happen next. I will read the 2nd book, Catching Fire, but still don't quite get all the \\"hoopla\\". I suppose if I were a teen or younger adult, my opinion would be a little different. It kind of reminds me of Mad Max Beyond the Thunderdome, meets The Condemned, meets the kid tribe in Peter Pan!
B005IEWT8E|5.0|The relationship between Walt and Jesse does lack originality but it is nice to see Jesse come into his own.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|I was really looking forward to watching this movie, I even sat through the whole movie hoping that it would turn around.  But I have to say it was the worst movie I have ever seen.  You would think that with all the \\"star power\\" that was in the movie that there would be some good points...but I am sorry to say NO.  AWFUL! (FYI: you might like the movie if middle school humor is your thing).
0312330537|5.0|A mesmerizing tale, very long 900 pages, but that is no impediment since this is a real page turner. But what else can you expect from a novel which begins with: \\"it took me a long time and most of the world to learn what I know about love and fate and the choices we make, but the heart of it came to me in an instant, while I was chained to a wall and being tortured, I realized somehow through the screaming in my mind that even in that shackled bloody helplessness, I was still free; free to hate the men who were torturing me or to forgive them. [  ] And the choices you make between hating and forgiving can become the story of your life.<br />An engrossing quasi autobiography by a notorious escaped convict who made India his home. From Bombay slums to Afghanistan the story and the author's philosophy of life unfolds. The book is full of unexpected \\"nuggets\\" of deep wisdom. Here are a few:<br />* Happiness is suffering backwards<br />* Depressions are for people who don't know how to be sad<br />* Sooner or later, fate puts us together with all the people, one by one, who show us what we could , and shouldn't, let ourselves become<br />* If we envy someone for all the right reasons, we are halfway to wisdom.<br />* When the student is ready the teacher appears<br />* Sometimes it is necessary to do the wrong thing for the right reasons<br />* Life, and all the other characteristics of all the things in the universe such as consciousness , and free will, and the tendency to complexity (entropy), and even love was given to the universe by light at the beginning of time.<br />* Light is not God but light is the language of God. Light is the way God speaks to the universe<br />* You can't kill love. You can't even kill it with hate. You can kill in-love and loving and even loneliness. You can kill them all, or numb into a dense, leaden regret, but you can't kill love itself<br />* The opposite of love is not hate but fear<br />* Genius is vain, and cleverness is hollow, in the end the comfort that comes, if it comes at all, is that strangely marbled mix of time and place and feeling that we usually call wisdom<br />* Whatever you do in life do it with courage, and you won't go far wrong<br />* Virtue is concerned with what we do, and honor is concerned with how we do it<br />* Silences can wound as surely as the twisting lash, but, sometimes, being silent is the only way to tell the truth<br />* Accept the blame, and feel the heart expand and unfold as it releases its burdens of fear, resentment, and self doubt<br />* Every life, every love, every action and feeling, and thought has its reason and significance: its beginning, and the part it plays in the end<br />* Nothing in any life, no matter how well of poorly lived, is wiser than failure or clearer than sorrow<br />* The only kingdom that makes any man a king is the kingdom of his own soul<br />* It is always a fool's mistake, to be alone with someone you shouldn't have loved<br />* That special emptiness that is sad but not distressed, pitying but not broken-hearted and damaged, that emptiness: there is a name for it, a word we use often, without realizing the universe of peace that's enfolded in it. The word is free<br />* The tears, when they come to some men, are worse than beatings. Tears begin in the heart, but some deny the heart often, and for so long, that when it speaks we hear not one but a hundred sorrows in the heart break.t all, is that strangely marbled mix of time and place and feeling that we usually call wisdom  * Whatever you do in life do it with courage, and you won't go far wrong  * Virtue is concerned with what we do, and honor is concerned with how we do it  * Silences can wound as surely as the twisting lash, but, sometimes, being silent is the only way to tell the truth  * Accept the blame, and feel the heart expand and unfold as it releases its burdens of fear, resentment, and self doubt  * Every life, every love, every action and feeling, and thought has its reason and significance: its beginning, and the part it plays in the end  * Nothing in any life, no matter how well of poorly lived, is wiser than failure or clearer than sorrow  * The only kingdom that makes any man a king is the kingdom of his own soul  * It is always a fool's mistake, to be alone with someone you shouldn't have loved  * That special emptiness that is sad but not distressed, pitying but not broken-hearted and damaged, that emptiness: there is a name for it, a word we use often, without realizing the universe of peace that's enfolded in it. The word is free  * The tears, when they come to some men, are worse than beatings. Tears begin in the heart, but some deny the heart often, and for so long, that when it speaks we hear not one but a hundred sorrows in the heart break.
B00000ITOY|5.0|i am from china,my boy is love of this toy,it is fit for my baby and that is some educational value,it is very good,thanks
B005MHSELS|5.0|I like this series. Certainly the Genius with the Oaf type relationship between Walter and Jesse which is not original. But, it is done well and it does not wear on me for the following reasons.  1. Walter is done really well  2. Jesse is done Okay  3. The acting is not bad  4. The scenarios are not all copied or redone  So, it gets a high rating considering most of TV is garbage.
B005VMVUAQ|3.0|I thought the fact that this movie wasn't going to get a wide release in theaters meant that it was going to be a complete disaster. After all, as good as Nicolas Cage is he has done some real garbage lately.<br /><br />The good news is that the movie is a step above some of the cheesy movies Cage has become known for the past few years (I'm looking at you Bangkok Dangerous, Season Of The Witch, The Wicker Man, Next and Drive Angry). Cage plays the lead, Kyle, and plays a sleazy businessman with his trophy wife (Kidman) who on the surface lives the life of luxury. Kidman plays Sarah, the sexy repressed trophy wife who wants her husband with her instead of the road. They also have a rebellious teenaged daughter named Avery.<br /><br />Their home is broken into and they are attacked by four masked kidnappers who demand Kyle had over his nest egg and the diamonds he transfers for his sleazy clients. This is the best part of the film as the kidnappers try to just muscle there way to the money and then begin to brutally torture the leads when Cage doesn't go along with them and fights back to protect his family. The film is relentless as the kidnappers will go to whatever lengths they have to get the money they came to get. Kidman does a good job as well although her role is a bit underutilized as she spends large blocks of the movie standing off to the side screaming during violent scenes.<br /><br />The third act is primarly where the film's weaknesses are located. It is when the film becomes more about the kidnappers instead of the family. You get a lot of backstory as the kidnappers start to argue and have conflict amongst themselves. Unnecessary twist after twist is revealed about their individiual motivations for going after this particular family. All the while this is going on Cage, Kidman and the daughter are laying in the background like extras.<br /><br />That said the film really teases you and you want to see the family take out the kidnappers so badly that you are really hoping to see some violent revenge at the end of the movie.<br /><br />Its not a great movie, or even an original story, but Nicolas Cage and Nicole Kidman don't phone it and are believable enough that they make for an entertaining movie.nt revenge at the end of the movie.  Its not a great movie, or even an original story, but Nicolas Cage and Nicole Kidman don't phone it and are believable enough that they make for an entertaining movie.
B005RUS7LC|5.0|Some destroyers of lives  1. Meth  2. Health care costs (Walt's inital motive and now Hank's )  3. Potentially as the IRS. They do create negative economic units.  What others will we encounter in this great series most interesting at times about the Jekyl and Hyde's of Jesse and Walt. And now, Sky? Hiring thugs to get the IRS paid.
0307716511|2.0|This was nine-tenths of a great book; but the ending was a cheat and made me question the entire book.  Interesting characters, great use of detail and point-of-view.  Great self of awareness in the narrator as she questions her assumptions of her life and her relationships with her mother and sister.  The build to this was great.  And then the ending threw the entire story right out the window.  I was strongly tempted to do the same with the book.  I feel like I was told that the strong emotional experience I was having was my imagination.  I hated the ending.  Hated, hated, hated.
B004DNWPY4|5.0|It was a total surprise, a shocking eye opener!  It shows a diferent point of view, a totally unexpected one
B0052GACNM|4.0|THIS PRODUCT WAS AS ADVERTISED AND FULFILLED MY EXPECTATIONS.  I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AND WOULD BUY IT AGAIN IF NEEDED.  AGAIN THIS PRODUCT IS RECOMMENDED BY THIS REVIEWER.
0439023513|2.0|I was warned that I would not like the end of the Hunger Games trilogy. The first book was interesting, the second repetitive and the third was manic. This book reminds me of drug movies. They start good and then get crazy and then ends really sad. Don't recommend. Dont understand the hype.
6304539282|4.0|THIS PRODUCT WAS AS ADVERTISED AND FULFILLED MY EXPECTATIONS.  I RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AND WOULD BUY IT AGAIN IF NEEDED.  AGAIN THIS PRODUCT IS RECOMMENDED BY THIS REVIEWER.
1594744769|4.0|I had expected a bit more of a creepy book. It can be scary in it's descriptions of some of the characters and happenings. The children are as the book describes, peculiar. The book itself is not horror by any means, but a great adventure.  I highly enjoyed the read and anticipated the stories of each child. I am also a lover of photography so the inclusion of the old pictures that were genuinely found is fantastic in my point of view. I recommend the book to anyone who likes an easy read. Thumbs Up!
B000002LPD|5.0|There are those Van Halen fans that don't like Sammy Hagar - period.  To try to convince them that this is an excellent album is pointless, so this brief review is geared more towards the people who are on the other side of the 'argument'.  This is truly is an excellent album.  The third of four Van Halen album with Hagar on vocals, this is easily the best of the four.  The first album '5150' was killed by electronic drums and keyboards, so ironically, it was the Van Halen brothers that doomed that Hagar debut album for hardcore fans and not Hagar's vocals (however, that album sold extremely well and revitalized the band).  I often wonder what '5150' would have been like with normal drums, little/no keyboards, and heavier guitars.  The second album 'OU812' was an improvement, but it wasn't quite there yet.  Then comes this killer album with great drum sound, awesome guitar work, and wonderful vocals.  It's also a bit 'darker' than the first two, which is an absolute good thing after the poppiness of '5150'.  'Balance' would come later and is a fine album, but it pales in comparison to the cohesive kick-a$$-ed-ness of this album.  All that said, I still like DLR Van Halen (dubbed by fans as CVH, or Classic Van Halen) the best.  But I don't get all jammed up about Hagar on vocals, because he can sing and is quite the showman himself and his work with Chickenfoot is excellent.  Gary Cherone isn't even part of the equation...what a debacle).
B004SBQGHS|4.0|I do enjoy playing AB, however I wiped my phone and re-installed all my apps. Lost the progress from AB as it obviously does not use the SD card. Really a bummer ad I don't really feel like starting over now. At least some games, like Cut The Rope does use the SD card, with AB did. I might give 5 stars if it utilized the AD card.
B001GZ6QBU|5.0|I love this movie and saw it was SUCH a great deal that I had to get it! I have watched it several times and it is perfect. I received it very quickly and it worked out very nicely!
B004SBX112|4.0|I do enjoy playing AB, however I wiped my phone and re-installed all my apps. Lost the progress from AB as it obviously does not use the SD card. Really a bummer ad I don't really feel like starting over now. At least some games, like Cut The Rope does use the SD card, with AB did. I might give 5 stars if it utilized the AD card.
B005XN3150|5.0|The idea of this whole show intrigued me when I first read about it under the fall 2011 season previews.  The whole idea is amazing.  The fairy tale world they created was stunning and breathtaking, I can't wait to see more of it in the coming episodes.  It started out with the kissing of Snow White, which is a classic.  I was unsure of whether or not I was going to like Josh Dallas as Prince Charming, but I must say that he grew on me as the first episode explored both the real world and the fantasy world.  It did start out slightly slower than I expected, but after watching it twice, I understand why it did so.  The show, as the writers have said, is character driven, and they had to set up the characters.  Emma Stone is an interesting figure.  I like the idea that we get to see our favorite storybook characters after the weddings.  And, it's interesting enough that even my nine year old nephew liked it.  So, I have to give this a good review.  I can't wait for the next episode, because now the characters are set up, and you know where they are in the real world, and what happened to them in the fairy tale world to get them there.
B004SBS8LA|4.0|I do enjoy playing AB, however I wiped my phone and re-installed all my apps. Lost the progress from AB as it obviously does not use the SD card. Really a bummer ad I don't really feel like starting over now. At least some games, like Cut The Rope does use the SD card, with AB did. I might give 5 stars if it utilized the AD card.
B00005N6KG|5.0|So far so good.  I, like so many others, have such a hard time keeping ear buds in my ears!  Everytime I jog, all I do is try to replace the buds back in my ears and end up stopping a million times.  These headphones are SO light weight and just lightly fit in my ears.  I run 2 miles and don't have to adjust them at all.  I did read the reviews that they may not be very reliable and that one of the buds may go bad but for as affordable as these are, I will wait and see what happens and until then, I will run without getting frustrated!
B0034G4OVS|5.0|To the people who pan this film:  Are you normally this creatively barren or do you just not get the concept of suspension of disbelief?  The reason you watch a film is for entertainment value.  If you're going to sit there and pick apart every aspect of it because it's not what YOU would expect people to be like, or the actors react in a way in which YOU would not react, then maybe you don't get that it's not always about YOU.  Maybe there's just not enough action or gore in this film to stimulate your minds. This is definitely a film that makes you ask the question, \\"what would I do\\" or \\"how would I feel\\" in a given situation.  But even if the characters choose a different path than you would, why would you give the film a negative review?  It's a matter of choice, is it not? You seriously need to expand your minds just a little.
0385344325|5.0|This is one of the best Reacher books.  At times I stared at the page and couldn't believe what I had read.  The mystery had me stumped until the last page.
B002N7W3NK|5.0|I really enjoy Diana Krall's work and this DVD is special to me as I am Brazilian.  The song list is awesome and the production of the concert makes you want to fly to Rio de Janeiro with your loved one...  If you like the Brazilian music genre of 'Bossa Nova', this is a MUST!
B0002KZAKS|5.0|I purchased this studio microphone because I was previously searching for the perfect headset for screencasting.  I have always been particularly picky in headsets and headphones and work best with ones that are a full ear-cup binaural type.  After months of searching, testing, trying and failing I realized that I already had the perfect headphones that I love to death, a pair of Sennheisers.  Funny thing is they are older and the available headsets from Sennheiser do not replicate this comfort level for me.  So this finally brings me to this microphone.  I wanted something better than the Logitech USB mic that is available but also did not want to spend the money for a Yeti if I did not have to.  This Behringer studio mic works awesome coupled with an inexpensive desk stand and male XLR to 3.5mm cable/adapter.  My headphones are not wireless, but have a 20 foot cable on them.  I can easily walk across the room and Captivate and the Behringer will adjust to pick up my voice flawlessly.  I have less background noise in my screencasts as well making them far more professional without the expense.  I have had no issues with popping or breathing noises on Captivate so the windscreen seems to be more than adequate.  In the end I feel like this microphone at this price point has so many uses and really allows those of us not working in studios per se to access the next level of quality without spending a fortune to do so.  NOTE:  If you see this mic for a decent price on Amazon, don't think about it , just order it.  This item seems to fluctuate daily by $3 to even $10.
B000AYEIZY|3.0|C:mon If this is music you like you got to get the DVD It is worth it  3 stars because really your just cheating yourself if you dont get the DVD
B0034G4P8A|5.0|Great buy--you won't be disappointed with the dual pack digital / blueray  download. This is an action flick made \\"  just a little bit better \\"  by the wry humor of its stars and supporting cast members.
B0029NY9YO|5.0|This movie was awesome. Unlike the other movies that we're Alan Moore novels, this one was the best and most faithful to the source material. Nearly page for page, word for word from the book is in this movie! Excluding the giant squid ending of course. Rorscach's performance was priceless.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|Probably in the top 5 worst movies of all time for me. Surprisingly profane, but that's not what did it. You can tell the actors must've been bored because the entire plot, writing, acting are horrible. But then again, I did only make it about 20 mins in before I gave up.
B004BRP7R4|5.0|This new CD sure has a new sound but it is stunning! I think all of you who dont like it dont know what you are missing! I am an author and I put this album on and beautiful words just flow into my book! He is my muse, and even more so with the new cd! Thank you Josh Groban for another inspiring cd, much love and respect always! ~Linna Drehmel
B00005BCK6|5.0|They arrived quickly and at a good price. They were in perfect shape.Would buy from them again.Amazon is a pest with these reviews.
B0056BMK6K|4.0|My recommendation to anyone who decides to read this book is to skip the first part. The first section is mostly self-congratulatory hype, and I suspect it is what the readers that gave this book very low scores found most annoying.<br /><br />If you start in Part Two, you will find that Locke has taken standard book marketing 101 ideas and tweaked them in an unusual way to sell his books. Those reviewers that complain that there is nothing new are both right and wrong.<br /><br />Tactically he is doing things that you can read about in other book marketing books. In fact, even his law of transference isn't new. Cialdini studied it and wrote about it years ago.<br /><br />What makes Locke's approach interesting is his strategy. He thinks about twitter and blogging differently than other authors who have written \\"how to sell your book\\" titles. And he takes the reader step by step through his process, which has worked for him.<br /><br />Overall, this book provides useful food for thought if one is looking for a way to customize existing practices into a plan that will work for your audience and your book. Finally, it is a helpful reminder that there are many ways to think about book marketing.
B004DLPXAO|5.0|Awesome app but now I don't really need my kindle reader itself anymore. also doesn't always sync correctly with my reader too.
B002QBS9KE|4.0|It's good to see companies still offering some basic replacement parts instead of just trying to sell you the next iteration of their product.  Nothing special, but it is exactly what it says it is eartip replacements direct from the manufacturer.  And thankfully enough they even sell them in specific sizings instead of making you purchase a package with other sizes you don't need.  Keep up the good work Plantronics.
B003SNJYSK|5.0|Another brilliant book by Jo Nesbo. The seeds for the story were planted in WW2 and he goes back and forth seamlessly tying the past and present together. Harry is a character i have grown to like and care about, and the other players are also very interesting.<br /><br />Many plot twists as i also learned much about the politics of Norway during the war as well as now. A stand alone book as i have now read \\" The Snowman \\" and this one, and each was a page turner.<br /><br />His writing is very descriptive and unique, and i tried not to skim as the book had me from the beginning. It's always fun to find an author who writes in a genre you enjoy but is so different from any other. Nesbo is that author and i shall try to read all his books.
