0345409671|5.0|I have read all of the vampire chronicles up to book #5.  I am glad I  decided to start reading Ann Rice's books again, continuing with the  vampire chronicles.  Memnoch the Devil is truly a an excellent book.  I  started reading Ann Rice with &quot;Interview with a Vampire&quot;, I have  always felt that Lestat was talking directly to me.  Ann needs to keep up  the good work.  I hope to be reading Vampire Chronicles until I am old and  gray.
0553573403|4.0|This is not the best fantasy story ever written, but Martin has the  storyteller's ability to draw you into his world. I thought the characters  were fairly well developed and usually not one-sided. I liked how even the  &quot;good&quot; queen had a nasty streak when it came to her bastard son,  and the &quot;bad&quot; characters can be almost likeable at times (the  Imp, for example). Interestingly, the really bad characters are mostly  spoiled children drunk on power. Overall, a very entertaining story and I'm  looking forward to the second.
0380973634|5.0|The day before leaving for London Richard Mayhew was not enjoying himself.  Thats what Sandman/ DreamLord Neil Gaiman says in the prologue to this  book. A complete masterpiece, a magical journey through the imagination of  a man who lives in the bridge between sleep and the wake. Gaiman is a  genious, a sensible genious.
B000000P17|5.0|From Since I don't have you to Manson's look at you name girl this is a  regular gnr album. There are some soft songs and some hard ones. Human  being is a really awesome song.(probably my favorite) There are alot of  what you could call offensive songs but they are really a trip.
B000001EAQ|2.0|Bono's journey away continues.  Forget the beauty of &quot;Joshua  Tree.&quot;  U2 is now full of postmodern smooze.  U2 obviously sees  themselves as bigger than life, a joke if you will.  But the joke here  almost backfires as Bono struggles to write good music and the lyrics all  seem to have a &quot;been there before&quot; theme.  Try again boys....I  hope the fire is still alive.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This one should definitely ease a lot of troubled minds with the soothing  and varied musical genres captured forever, and presented empty of  pretense.<br />Perhaps 'Apple'/'Capitol' will *finally* see the good sense of  releasing the acoustic Escher (&amp; other) &quot;White Album&quot; DEMOS  commercially ??? (Please, please, please !). From what I've heard of this  material from various sources: &quot;White Demos&quot;would definitely be a  smash up, number one hit !!!
B0000025H4|5.0|I stumbled accross this album in the bargan bin about 10 or 11 years ago.  Since then I have lost it or wore it out and bought it again at least 3  times(in cassette form). This is one of those albums that tends to catch  you and addict you one song at a time.It's high energy that makes you feel  like your'e actually there back stage with 'Priest. Its hard to play it  just once at a sitting. I think its time I order it on cd!
B000002U8G|5.0|In 1971, Pink Floyd was at its finest level of psychedelia.  &quot;Meddle&quot; was released in 1971, along with a short film called  &quot;Pink Floyd At Pompeii&quot; -later re-released with some Dark Side Of  The Moon sessions-. In this movie, Pink Floyd premiered Meddle's  &quot;Echoes&quot; - as a prologue and epilogue of the movie - and the  heaviest sound they achieved in all their career: &quot;One Of These Days  I'm Going To Cut You Into Little Pieces&quot;, transforming their astral  sound in a bass-driven hard rock. Gilmour was consolidating his position as  guitarist making a fine slide guitar work on this track.<br />This is, along  with &quot;Saucerful of Secrets&quot;, the best pre-Dark Side album of PF.
B00000DHRX|5.0|Sexy. Slick. Mature. Intense. &quot;Georgie Babes, please don't  stop!&quot; Feast your ears to the best rhythms, resonance and musical  poetry of the 1990s. This guy just gets better and better!  Just when I  thought nothing was going to top &quot;Older&quot;, he produces an  encyclopaedia of top tracks, each one prompting a &quot;ooh, I LURVE this  one!&quot; Never before has there been a better selection of tracks to  listen to while you're getting ready for Saturday night out; glass of wine  in one hand, mascara in the other, and sublime sounds from your  stereo...prepare to be invincible! Thanks, George!
0684833395|4.0|This is one of the funnest books to read. It starts out a little hazy, but  after you catch on to heller's style, the book becomes better than anything  out there. This is a book where you can laugh and will not have to think  too much.
B000002C1X|4.0|When I first heard the album I found Watters singing anoying on the slow  songs such as Don't leave me now,Vera,Nobody home.Seems to me the movie  should have came first in order to put the images with the songs,thats how  I started to like the other songs on the album.Now I realize that the album  is a dark story telling machine and it has to lisened to as that or it  won't click in.
B000002UA9|5.0|The first cut off this album is my all-time favourite rock'n'roll song.  Never before or since have I heard so much energy put into a song as there  is with &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot; (the only other song that  comes close to the raw live energy sound in my opinion would be &quot;Slow  Down&quot; with John belting out the vocals as rock'n'roll songs should be  done). No matter how many times I hear this song, I cannot refrain myself  from trying to match Paul as he sings that incredibly high  &quot;wooooooh&quot;. This can lead to some embarrassing moments mind you,  but, this is one of those songs that you cannot avoid singing or boogie'n  to....The way I look at this song and the rest of this album is this is the  Beatles in their finest hour. No world wide success, no trend setters, no  overdubs on top of overdubs, no experimenting for new sounds... This is the  closest that you could hear how the Beatles would sound if they were  actually in your living room. It's like they just walked in, sat down,  plugged in and started playing. This is what I mean by the &quot;raw&quot;  sound. &quot;Please, Please Me&quot; is nothing more than just 4 lads  recording their first album and playing rock'n'roll the way it was ment to  be played, simple, fun, energetic, and raw...How could you get any better  than this?
B000002B38|4.0|This is a very good album to have ifyou are not a PF freak and want a  greatest hits album. Comfortably Numb andShine on...sound better than the  originals to me.
B000002RAA|4.0|Yes, it's better than Doremi Fasol Latido. The Hawkwind sound has evolved  into something even spacier. This is one of those albums that you must own.
B000002A3T|4.0|True to the fact this albums musicalcontent might as well be called DSOM  3but you can go so far before the wellruns dry.I gave the album time and  itgrew on me the lyrics below WATERS butstill above todays BS standards.
B000002KBU|5.0|What can one say?  Everything about this album almost demands repeat  listening.  The writing is mesmirizing, and her voice will stay under the  skin days after an initial play.  If you haven't heard this, you haven't  heard true, poetic music.
0553573403|5.0|Gorge R.R. Martin does a wonderful job in A Game of Thrones.  It is a book  you should plan your weekend aroung, because you won't be able to put it  down.  Martin mixes believable characters with some that are unbelivibly  evil.  You can't take your eyes off of this book.  A must-read!
B000001E7L|1.0|&quot;Zom-bay, Zom-bay, Zom..BAY....&quot;<br />What the heck is this?  This  is a great composition?  To each his own, I guess, but as soon as that  garbage comes on the radio, I punch the radio dial immediately.<br />I bought  this CD thinking I'd give the Cranberries a try.  Ehh...bad idea.
B000002H33|5.0|I have been listening hard'n heavy for 13 years, and I have been listening  this album for 12 years. My opinion never changed. Although I am thinking  that Metallica is No.1 or not after Load and Reload (I think time will  show), definitely this is the BEST album ever. Excellent guitars, bass,  drums, vocals, lyrics plus soul(not soul music) result in No.1 album.
B000007NYS|5.0|I distinctly remember the night in 1988 that I heard Jody Denberg play a  few tracks from this album on his weekly &quot;new releases&quot; radio  show. I was blown away and purchased it the next day. In the last ten  years, there's no album/cd that I've listened to more. The raw power, the  heartbreak, the joy, and every other emotion you've ever known literally  drip from the speakers. I'm very glad that it's been rereleased because  everone should have the opportunity to enjoy this as much as I have.  Lucinda's newer cds are gems, but this is her masterpiece.
0790729628|5.0|Great movie, not so great DVD.  Although technology is relatively new, you  would think that more would be given.  I was disappointed with the lack of  supplementary material, interviews,etc. and also alternative versions.  The  screen menu leaves much to be desired.  But it's such a great movie you can  easily not care about the shortcomings.  We'll have to wait for later  releases.     END
B00000F1D3|4.0|This new cd is a hybrid of sorts combining club type music of the 90s'  with the retro of the 70s' disco period. To Chers' credit her vocal  phrasing and breathing have improved markedly from the days of the  &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot;. The song &quot;Believe&quot; is a ground  braking success and is as catchy as they get.It marrys pop with techno.  Some of the other songs are rather cool after settling into the groove.  &quot;Taxi Taxi&quot;, is an urban pop club cruiser, and Taking Back My  Heart a real cooker in the Iassac Hayes tradition.Why the 1988 hit &quot;  We All Sleep Alone appears here is your guess as well as mine. Cher could  have found another song that would have been fresher to fill up the  albumn.The single &quot;Believe&quot; should put Cher back in the charts,  and the lp is targeted towards the dance market. Her last lp &quot;Its' A  Mans' World&quot; was more introspective, but this one is lively.Some of  the writing is less than exciting, that's why I give it 4 stars instead of  5.
0312854021|5.0|Ender's game is the best science fiction book of all time.  It is  relational, where many science fiction books are based on some lone figure,  who has anti-social tendencies. This makes it exciting  and appealing to a  larger audience of readers. <br />This book forshadows the future, and I think  that it quite possible that the responsibilities and power of the very  young will directly affect the direction of world politics. <br />On the  internet, the younger you are the more likely you are to understand and  control the changing  technology.<br />Ender's game is a book that can be read  over-and-over again, without tiring.  It is a remarkable, timeless piece of  science fiction.
B000002W5J|5.0|This is the pinnacle of Jefferson Airplane's career.  With their second  album, they hit all the right notes.  If you have only heard the hits,  &quot;White Rabbit&quot; and &quot;Somebody To Love,&quot; then you have  NOT heard the best songs on this album, believe it or not!   &quot;Today&quot; is haunting, &quot;Coming Back To Me&quot; has  mesmerizing woodwinds, &quot;How Do You Feel&quot; is just terrific harmony  in a sort of Mamas &amp; Papas vein, and you just have to love  &quot;Plastic Fantastic Lover.&quot;  Forget Jefferson Starship (or just  &quot;Starship&quot; as they were later known).  With every name and  personnel change, they just got lamer.  This album is the REAL deal.  Gotta  have it!
B00000BKE1|3.0|This is the last studio album with long-time frontman Bruce Dickinson, who  left August of 1993. I think that this album is overall a pretty good  album, and it is a lot better than No Prayer for the Dying. There are some  really good songs on this album such as Be Quick Or Be Dead, From Here to  Eternity, Afraid to Shoot Strangers and Fear of the Dark. There are also a  couple of bad songs like Fear is the Key and The Apparation. On Fear of the  Dark, you can see that Maiden gained back SOME of thier greatness that they  lost on No Prayer for the Dying.  However, can see that they are struggling  to regain their greatness they had in the early eighties, and the Departure  of guitarist Adrian Smith is what has hurt the badn the most.
630170648X|5.0|Having studied many different films that are in the genre of comedy, I  will state that &quot;To Be or Not to Be&quot; is by far the best comedic  film ever.     END
0380799006|5.0|I don't have children, but this book has helped in talking to children in  general and even in dealing with other adults. The psychology behind  Faber's method, although designed for children, holds true for many adult  situations as well. I've bought copies of this book and some of her other  titles for friends with children, and *every* recipient has immediately  bought copies for everyone she or he knows. In a way, this book helped  reduce some of the fear of becoming a mother, in charge of shaping a new  person's life and character.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I didn't especially like this album at first. Not that I disliked it, but  I was kind of listening to it in passing rather than really concentrating  on it, and it didn't have the power hooks I was expecting from a pop  record, which is what I was expecting it to be. Nevertheless, I listened to  it a couple of dozen times like that, because it wasn't  objectionable.<br />Then at some point I sat down and really listened to it  and read the lyrics sheet as it was playing. I already knew the music, so  as I read the lyrics, the music permeated everything around me, driving the  lyrics home. &quot;Cinematic&quot; is a very good description of this  album, because the music really drives home the feeling behind the lyrics  much more than the vocals do, a lot like a film soundtrack. It makes its  point with emotion rather than the sloganeering or driving rhythm of most  effective rock or electronic music. The lyrics of songs like &quot;Let  Down&quot; and &quot;Exit Music (for a Film)&quot; are kind of interesting  on their own, but blow you away with the emotional force of the music  behind it.
0399143904|1.0|I've enjoyed Tom Clancy novels for so long.  Without Remorse, Red Storm  Rising, and Executive Orders are all very high on my favorite list.  I KNOW  Clancy has the ability to write good books, but he sure doesn't show it in  this case.  His super-invincible team of gi joes are completely  unbelievable.  I'm in the military, and I can tell you that even the best  special forces teams couldn't come close to doing what Clancy's imagination  dreamed up for his super team.  So #1, the book is unrealistic.  #2 The  only character I felt Clancy was able to make &quot;real&quot; to me was  Popov, everyone else was completely uninteresting.  Half the characters in  the book fall into the super-macho, 50's lingo spewing, and shallow  category--which I didn't know existed until now.  It really seemed like  Clancy had other things going on in his life while trying to write this  book, which clearly held more precedence for him than Rainbow Six did.  I  think Clancy should stop believing the hype that was created around him, he  needs to deflate his ego (along with the egos of Chavez and the other  characters in SIX) and realize he has to put some real effort forth to try  and write a good book.  I hope he knows how bad this most recent book of  his was.  He needs to stop trying to be a NFL team-owner and concentrate on  what made famous in the first place, a writer.  Its clear the quality of  his writing has suffered from his over inflated ego, one that got too big,  I guess, for him to keep his long time wife around.  I saw him on the TODAY  show and he came off as an arrogant bastard who didn't even want to talk about the  book.  I'll definately wait until I've read some honest reviews of his next  book before blindly going out there and buying it.  In closing, I know  Clancy has talent, I just wish it he'd use it.  I really feel like he's  spread him self to thin with all the Op-center mini books and the  cooperative books and games he's put out.  Please Tom Clancy, stop all that  crap and concentrate on writing books again.
0671646788|5.0|A must read for anyone who wants to suceed
0440224764|5.0|John Grisham's way of storytelling is nothing short of masterful. The  characters are well developed and artifully woven throughout the story,  which makes the reading easy, fun and exciting. Also, his insight into the  world of Law and crime is the formula that keeps me coming back for more.  The Partner offer a suprising ending
0399128964|5.0|Many times when reading this book, I became so enveloped by the story I  even forgot that I was reading; turning the pages was only a reflex,  necessary to maintain the even flow of time. It is the one book which I  have been the most sad to see end, and yet the most happy to have read. Let  Frank Herbert bring you into his world of great sandworms, Gods and  Emperors, villains, heroes, and a small boy at the center of it all.<br />If  there were only one book I would ever read, this would be it.
B00000DF6O|4.0|Blues on The Bayou is a return to B.B's great blues roots; simple, to the  point, and not overly produced.  Simply this is one of B.B.'s best studio  efforts in many, many years...maybe even since his RPM days!  Buy it. You  won't be disappointed.
0399143904|1.0|I was very disappointed and unfortuately wasted valuable time reading 740  pages that I would not suggest anyone else to repeat my error.  Nice idea  for the plot but it was too predictable.  It seemed that the editor or  Clancy had to wrap things up in one final chapter after writing and  building the plot in over 700 pages... what a waste, and I was a Clancy  fan!
B000002WYT|5.0|Dave Matthews simply does an awesome job creating moods and images through  his music.&quot;Two Step&quot; is one of my favorite songs, along with  &quot;Lie In Our Graves.&quot; With Carter Beauford on drums, there is  never a dull song!
0395759242|5.0|From the start of this carefully researched and intriguing historical  account,one is overcome by its history's exclusion from past expose.When I  was in prep-school,I read Conrad's Heart of Darkness but was completely  unaware of the history behind this story which should be classified as an  &quot;historical novel&quot;.The present treatment of this history now  clarifies the period and re-introduces us to such well known characters as  Stanley and Livingstone as well as some lesser known true heroes of the  times,Sir Roger Casement,Edmund Morel,and Reverend William  Shepherd.In the  course of this most intense historical account we also get to visit with  Mark Twain,Teddy Roosevelt,and Joseph Conrad himself. This is a most  intriguing as well as enlightening work that I recommend to all those  interested in the darker side of human nature,human rights,and the events  that have led to the current &quot;state of affairs&quot;.
B00000DGUG|5.0|The music of an excellent composer that will touch the deepest part of  your soul. Alanis talks us about sensibility and knowledge. Musics made for  all ages and people who care about humanity sensations.
0451169514|4.0|IT, is an incredible book about a strange clown that terrorises a small  town named Derry,killing mostly childern and teenagers by ripping apart  their bodies. The clown seems to already know it's victims names before it  kills them.  Some of the people that had grown up in Derry and experienced  this haunting disaster come back to be rid of IT forever.  The book tells  how once normal children were turned into mentally scarred,unstable,  paranoid adults which face their much forgotten memories of IT.       I  highly recomend this book for people that are in for a scare.  However, IT  would not be recomended for younger children because of it's brutal and  graffic descriptions.This book is full of excitement and will surely blow  your mind.  The book also includes comedy and emotion which highlight it's  terror and set you shivering from it's frightening tales.      IT can also  be seen in a movie, but if you are the type of person who likes details,  the book is much better.  It is a story giving extremely graffic details  which can often make the stomach churn or the heart jump.       The book is  written so that each person's backround story is told first which I must  admit became confusing at first.  Believe me, you will not want to put the  book down once you start.  If you are in search of a scare or a thrill,  read IT.
B000002AZ8|5.0|As I sat here and looked through some of the reviews on Vitalogy, I could  not believe the criticism of this work, and the praise of other albums like  Ten and Vs.  I personally try to avoid comparing a great bands albums as  they come out.  Instead I try to listen to each album as a seperate  creation.  If you do this with Vitalogy you will by no doubt come to the  conclusion that it is one of the greatest rock n' roll albums in the past  25 years!  The power and depth of this album makes you wonder if all five  members literally ripped open their hearts and souls--turning raw human  existance into musical poetry.  No band since Led Zepplin has released and  album that shows so much versatility and passion.  And songs like  &quot;Bugs&quot;,&quot;Pry, To&quot;,&quot;Aye Davanita&quot;, and  &quot;Stupid Mop&quot; only re-enforce their collective guiness and  creativity. While the Neil Young influence is very evident, Pearl Jam makes  it a sound all their own. So please, Pearl Jam fans new or old, add this to  your collection.     From &quot;Last Exit&quot; to &quot;Stupid Mop&quot;,  you will find a true work of art and an album destine for greatness!!
B0000062Y2|5.0|in this version, Jezus is not angry or malicious as i have heard him  portrayed in other recordings.  Mary has the sweetest voice, like the  actress was meant for this role! This is the best version of Andrew Lloyd  Weber's JCSS! It is not too sing-songy as some of the theatre  interpretations.
B0000025HU|5.0|The Clash is one of the best bands ever, and this is their best effort.   While Combat Rock contained their two biggest singles, London Calling is a  double album with no poor tracks.  To sweeten the deal, the CD is condensed  to one disc so the price is significantly lower.  Check out Spanish  Bombs...awesome song!
0195073401|3.0|We were told there would be no math.  They lied!
B00000DC4A|5.0|From the opening question, 'Is there anyone out there?', I was instantly  captivated by this album.  Perfect for long-time listening, with a steady  and rhythmic beat throughout, this is ideal for long and lonely journeys.   On a day like today, should introduce more listeners to this artist's  music, as Waking up the Neighbours did in 1991.  It was well worth the  wait.
0451525884|5.0|Amazon -- was it your reviewers who, in your Synopsis section, wrote that  Elizabeth, the protagonist in P&amp;P, &quot;vows that she and her sisters  will marry well and targets the elusive Mr. Darcy for herself...&quot; ?  That synopsis is completely inaccurate and a distortion of what this great  and witty novel is all about. Please try again.
B000002C4J|5.0|This is the best c-d I have. I love it!  There's only one problem:   &quot;I Love You Then I Hate You&quot;  is the weirdest song I ever heard!   I burst out laughing when I heard it!  My favorite songs are :  The Reason,  Immoraltiy, Treat her Like a Lady, Tell Him, To Love You More and Let's  Talk About Love.  Overall this c-d is the best Celine Deon has ever done,  and it's beautifully made.  I'd recommend it to anyone who asked about it!
B000001Y2U|5.0|I cannot even come close to finding a single fault in this utter  masterpiece.  This album is a collection of nothing but the greatest  metal-industrial anthems and delicate, introspective ballads combined to  form an earth-shaking tale of fame and destructiion.  Not only are the  music and lyrics the most amazing I have ever heard, the storytelling  involved here rivals that of Pink Floyd's The Wall.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This is an excellent album which rivals their previous masterpiece,  Antichrist Superstar.  Although this album is not quite as amazing as  Antichrist, it is still destined to be a classic and is one of hte great  albums of all time in my opinion.  I would also say that it has more  widespread appeal than some of Manson's previous releases becuase of the  number of slower, more alternative-esque songs.  But being a long-time  Manson devotee I would have to say that these songs, such as The Speed of  Pain, Disassociative and Great Big White World, are some of the best songs  on this or any Manson album.
0440224764|5.0|I read this book on a family trip.  A good book, which I finished in 3  days.  I felt a little dissapointed at the ending, but after I thought  about it for a while it made perfect sense to me.  I am not gonna ruin the  ending cuz I am not one who does that but I feel Grisham did a great job on  this one and would definitely recommend it as one of his best up there with  A Time To Kill.
B00000AFFF|4.0|I've been waiting for this one ever since Elvis performed &quot;I Just  Don't Know What to Do With Myself&quot; in 1978!  I've always thought he  and Burt Bacharach would be a brilliant collaboration.   I don't understand  any complaints about his voice.  I realize perhaps it's not a voice for  everyone, but there's no denying that it's strong and filled with passion.   I've heard this CD only once (with one ear, while some blighter was bending  the other one), but I did see the live performance of the two of them in  Chicago, and Elvis' singing was phenomenal.  The longer he sang, the  stronger his voice seemed to grow.  And even when his voice isn't  &quot;pristine perfect&quot; I would much rather hear him singing his own  lyrics, giving them the ragged-but-right feeling they deserve.  I'm very  thankful they didn't decide to go with some contemporary  &quot;perfect&quot; singer, like (shudder) Whitney Houston, or (God help  us) Celine Dion.  YAWN. And, much as I adore Dionne Warwick, I wouldn't  mind hearing Elvis record some of the other Bacharach/David material.  You  should've heard his rendition of &quot;Anyone Who Had a Heart&quot; last  week ... !
B0000004V2|5.0|One of three records I'd be sure NOT to forget to bring, before that  infamous shipwreck...alone on an island! Immaculate guitarwork and singing,  and what melodies!
B00000255F|5.0|Without a doubt 'Born to Run' is one of the finest rock albums of the past  20 years. Lyrically unsurpassed, this album oozes heavy duty emotion from  the opening chords of Born to Run through to the powerhouse of Jungleland a  Grimm fairytale for the modern day and certainly one of the most emotive  tracks I've ever heard. There is no recommendation too strong. Just buy it.
B000001Y42|5.0|This album is the most complete and effective fusion of rap, funk, and  metal that I have ever heard.  While the influence of their buddies Korn  can certainly be heard, this is even more over the top in its funkiness and  slammin' rhymes.  For anyone who wants to be blown out of their seat.  Some  great slower grooves as well.  And the cover of George Michael's  &quot;Faith&quot; just tops it off.  An amazing album.
0156907399|5.0|When I came to the end of To The Lighthouse, I turned it over and started  reading it again.  Virginia Woolf's prose is breathtaking, and the story  she tells is moving and profound.  Woolf is not concerned with a linear  plot that moves from point A to point B; rather, she is interested in the  life of the mind and the (often embattled) relationships between people  learning to co-exist with one another.  To The Lighthouse contains the  realm of human experience from childhood yearnings to marital frustrations  to the horrors of war that swiftly obliterate human lives.  It's a book to  be savored.
0451169514|5.0|Stephen King has corrupted my ability to put up with the so called  entertainment found on TV.  I cannot really enjoy a book that is less than  well developed.  &quot;IT&quot; is satisfying on so many different levels  that it continues to amaze me.  At the risk of sounding abnormal, I will  admit to having read this novel many times over the years, falling in love  with all the characters.  As my education has progressed, I have found that  King has added so many references to things historical, mythological and  theological that I wonder he has time to both write and acquire his  knowledge. He has done a wonderful job of explaining the terrors of both  childhood and the greying of dreams as we pass into adulthood.  I have  three copies:  A hardback which sits on a shelf, a hardback I use to read,  and a paperback that I basically read the covers off of.  I hope to get all  three signed by Stephen King one day. The thing is, Stephen King makes you  SEE his places and characters....so I'll stop now.  Buy the book, and buy  it in hardback as you will want to read it again and again.
B000002NC4|5.0|This is one of the few CD's I own where I could sit there and do nothing  else but listen to this beautiful, colorful, yet sinister sound. It's hard  to compare it to anything but maybe it's up there with Radiohead's &quot;OK  Computer&quot;. Enjoy them before they become too popular.
1558216847|5.0|The book changed my perspective on life. Not that i was previously  pompous, that is hardly the case. I'm white trash!  However, it makes you  appreciate MONDAY'S. You'll appreciate gloomy days.  You'll appreciate  life.
0671867369|4.0|Dreamed about foxholes and shells every night as I read this. Very good  book, just as good as the more acclaimed &quot;D-Day&quot; and  &quot;Citizen Soldiers.&quot; While those were more grand in scope,  &quot;Band of Brothers&quot; may be more compelling because it follows  essentially the same cast of characters through their Odyssey instead of  jumping around to different divisions, nationalities, etc. Doesn't cover up  the drinking, loafing, back-company pilfering, shooting of prisoners,  looting, occasional insubordination, acts of cowardice &amp; stupidity,  etc. I was a little disappointed that Ambrose ripped only on the dead  (namely Capt. Sobel) and glorified all those who are still alive. But  overall a wonderful book. I don't want to glorify war--I would've hated to  fight in any war, including WWII (which ended 25 yrs. before I was born),  but if I had to fight I would've wanted to fight in the airborne under  Major Winters.
0399143904|2.0|Rainbow Six was disappointing.  On the positive side, the characters are  familiar and comfortable. However, they've become so familiar, you know  almost exactly what they will say before they say it.  The villians were  cardboard figures with no depth.  I'll still read his next book.  When he's  on, he's great.  {note:  Editing was sloppy.}
B00000DHRZ|4.0|This is a great CD it is definetly a great addition to any CD collection.   I am priviledged enough to have heard this before it is available to the  general public.  It is totally fresh compared to the bands older albums  make sure you put this one in your shopping cart
B000002B49|5.0|Buy this cd, it is great! they have the best songs and all of it is mixed  wonderfully.
0767812778|5.0|The script is brilliant, with ambiguities that most movies don't have,  with O'Toole playing those ambiguities in Lawrence's character brilliantly  (it's a crime he didn't win the Oscar). And Lean's disciplined shooting of  the scenes (it took two weeks just to film the introduction-of-Omar-Sharif  scente) make this one of the greatest films ever. Most epics have a hero  who is a typical hero, with hardly any quirks. LAWRENCE is an epic that  flaunts its lead character's eccentricities; and is a masterpiece because  of it.     END
079073639X|5.0|Though set in a science-fiction setting, this is the story about the  nature of man today and what happens when he is given the power to do  anything he can think of doing.  Very well acted and great special effects     END
B000002UJQ|5.0|Nothing about &quot;OK Computer&quot; is stagnant. This masterwork from  Radiohead takes pop music to new levels. Filled with relentless  ambition,the album soars with the dynamic &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and  pays homage to Bob Dylan with &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien's&quot;  title. After this release, Radiohead belongs in that rarefied air.<br />  The high point is &quot;Let Down,&quot; which is sheer perfection. Thom  Yorke sounds as if angels are carrying him through this emotional odyssey.  &quot;Karma Police&quot; is near perfection, and with songs like &quot;The  Tourist,&quot; &quot;Exit Music (For A Film)&quot; and &quot;No  Surprises,&quot; this album shines as a brilliant example of what good this  often-tragic modern world has to offer: great art through emotional torment  and disaffection, Radiohead-style.
0399143904|1.0|At least the Op-Center books were not as long. I thought his last book was  tedious, but this was far worse. This is nowhere near as good as my  favorite - The Sum of all Fears. I usually finish his books in 2 days, but  this one took 10 days. I wish he would give up trying to proselytize people  to his ultra right wing views and get on with writing good thrillers, and I  usually vote Republican!
B000002J2F|5.0|Have you ever listened to a song, or an album of songs, and were convinced  that the songwriter(s) probed your own mind and heart because the songs  reflect and express your own thoughts and feelings so vividly?  That is the  effect that this album had on me.  Normally I listen more for the music  than the words, but both are so powerful on _Duke_.  With this album and  its two hit singles, &quot;Turn it on Again&quot; and  &quot;Misunderstanding,&quot; Genesis became more popular in the USA than  they had ever been before.  Interestingly enough,  &quot;Misunderstanding&quot; is one of the first songs which  singer/percussionist Phil Collins ever wrote all by himself (he had  co-authored many before this).  It is at this time (around then, he made  his first solo album, _Face Value_) that Phil emerges as a songwriter of  arguably comparable ability to keyboardist Tony Banks, and  guitarist/bassist Mike Rutherford.  I say this not only because I like  &quot;Misunderstanding,&quot; but also because the other song on _Duke_  penned by Phil only, &quot;Please Don't Ask&quot; is an extremely personal  ballad (written for his wife about their divorce) which is at once  absolutely heart-wrenching and musically inspiring.  The only track on the  album which does not rise to the otherwise 5-star standard of the rest of  the album is Rutherford's &quot;Alone Tonight&quot;; it's an okay song, and  it fairly effectively conveys the agony of lonliness, but only in a generic  sense, not in the remarkably vivid and personal sense of Phil's  &quot;Please Don't Ask&quot; which focuses on the horendous wound of losing  relationship with an individual, and not just general lonliness.   Rutherford proves to be, none the less, a brilliant song writer on  &quot;Man of Our Times&quot; -- an amazing anthem in which the band  performs with the precision of a well-oiled machine, yet they sound  emotional rather than mechanical.  As usual, Tony Banks is a master of  words and music with tuneslike &quot;Heathaze&quot; and  &quot;Cul-de-Sac.&quot;  I could listen to that guy play keybaords forever!   Like any great Genesis album, there are masterful instrumental passages  which not only showcase Tony's keyboard wizardry and strong melodic sense,  but some of the most powerful bass and drums ever captured on record.   Rutherford is also very expressive with electric guitar on this album.   Phil's vocals run from soft &amp; subtle to grand &amp; gothic.  It's  albums like this which make me wish they had stuck with co-producer Dave  Henschel; their dynamic range was so rich on albums like this.  Like other  Genesis albums, you get the full range of tempos, moods, emotions,  dynamics, and styles which makes for a truly musically and spiritually  satisfying listening experience.
0140177396|2.0|By reading this book I now recognise what a brilliant writer John  Steinbeck is. He has the great ability to include so much detail that you  can see what is happening perfectly, but he keeps enough action going in  the process. This style of writing gave him these 2 stars.<br /> The topic of  this book, however, is very unappealing to me. I felt sorry for poor,  retarted Lennie instantaneously. His emmense physical strength seemed very  unrealistic, though. This is POSITIVELY NOT a book for a dedicated animal  lover: for every animal that Lennie touches dies in this book. It is very  graphically done. <br /> I don't want to give away the ending or anything, but  it was VERY strange. I can't find even one word to describe how strange it  was, and how it made me feel. I can only conclude that death is so frequent  in this book and talked about so casually that it almost felt unrealistic.  <br /> I really do not reccomend this book. It is just strange, and the only  thing holding it together is Steinbeck's beautiful ability to write. I  still don't understand why there is so much appeal to this book: the only  reason I can come up with is that this topic is not normally written about.  I think it will definitely be worth a try at another one of his books,  however.
B000005RXA|5.0|As a long time fan of Genesis and Steve Hackett I was delighted to find  this CD.  Steve Hackett was an integral part of the band and has been  missed ever since.  With this CD, Steve adds his own touches to some of the  best Genesis tracks ever written.  Now, if he could only get Peter Gabriel  to work with him on the next CD......
B000002KHF|5.0|He could create harmony with a coke bottle and a pair of shoelaces.
0517122707|5.0|I discover something new each time I read this and it just keeps getting  better and funnier.  Where did this guy (Toole) come from and why aren't  there more storytellers like him?  IF there are, I'd like to know about  them.  Very Entertaining and Unforgettable!
B000001FA4|5.0|&quot;Bad,&quot; &quot;Pride,&quot; &quot;A Sort of Homecoming,&quot; and  &quot;Wire&quot; are the best tracks here. This album is a stirring and  underappreciated tribute to Martin Luther King Jr. The Egde's guitar echoes  better on this album than any other U2 albumever recorded. Bono's vocals  scream with emotion and power that adequetely pay homage to the civil  rights leader. A remarkable tribute to MLK's legacy through an impressive  set of songs. One of U2's best.
0964385619|5.0|Robert is a multi-millionaire, not an English major (which is why he IS a  millionaire). With this in mind, you need to overlook such errors as  &quot;perspective clients&quot; (as opposed to &quot;prospective  clients&quot;). <br />He raises some provocative issues such as questioning  the efficacy of material taught in schools for preparing students for  success, and the idea that a home is generally one's biggest liability  rather than one's biggest asset.<br />It has radically changed my spending and  investing habits. Would also recommend many of the other authors quoted in  the book.
0140441409|3.0|This second-century book of advice reflects its stoic deistic/atheist  tradition.  In a word, his goal is to encourage the reader toward good  works and inner peace disregarding personal circumstances.  He ends up  sounding much like Confucius, and much like the &quot;under the sun&quot;  part of King Solomon's Ecclesiastes.  The arguments he gives for us to be  at peace despite the continual thriving of evil around us center around its  chaos and our own inability to change anything.  Such a view is profoundly  unsatisfying, and leaves us in perplexity over the purpose of it all,  anchorless and hopeless.  Whereas Aurelius says &quot;The world is chaotic,  but you're powerless so be a man and do right&quot;, Solomon says &quot;The  world is chaotic because man is inwardly evil, but take heart because it's  all part of God's righteous and sovereign plan and part of that plan is our  salvation.&quot;  Life against God is meaningless, no matter how many nice  things you do; life under His loving care is meaningful, because we have a  sure hope of redemption and life to come.
0060977493|5.0|I read the book in the 2nd month of its release,   and  I really wondered  if this would sell in international market as the book mainly related to a  small state in India and its cultures.  But on second thoughts I thought if  the book sells it would be for the simple language and the presentation.     HATS OFF TO YOU ROY  FOR MAKING INDIA AND KERALA PROUD OF YOU.  Being a  keralite,  reading GOST and understanding it was very easy.   Being a book  worm I rate this book as the best book I have ever read.   What I  appreciate about  her is the inclusion of kerala food  and the malayalam  language in the book.   What surprises me is that though she lives in  Delhi,  having left kerala long ago,  she  still cherishes the kerala  lifestyle and   made it a point for the  world to know.    Her portrayal of  &quot;Gods own Country&quot; -  Kerala, is absolutely stunning.  To readers  who have not been to Gods own country ,  then a piece of info ,  it is  truly the most beautiful place in the world.  Nature at its best. I  congagulate Arundhati on her great work and the booker prize
0425129586|5.0|Its a great book about people who come together and were summond by a  mystery host and one by one they die.........Its thrilling, your always on  the edge of your seat(recliner , bed or couch)I give it a 10!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000001DTM|5.0|Groovy dance rhythms combined with sonic ambience and sexual ecstasy. This  album redefined U2 for the '90s (although POP would later prove more  disappointing). The album is a masterpiece of sound. &quot;The Fly,&quot;  &quot;Even Better Than the Real Thing,&quot; &quot;Mysterious Ways,&quot;  &quot;Acrobat,&quot; &quot;Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses?,&quot; and  &quot;Until the End of the World&quot; pierce with the Edge's amazing  guitar skills which seem to have taken a more ambient ultrasonic turn  beyond simple echo and delay. The vocals are heart-felt and well-delivered.  &quot;One&quot; is perhaps the best song on the entire album. Other ballads  like &quot;So Cruel&quot; and &quot;Tryin' to Throw Your Arms Around the  World&quot; make for a good combination of everything that is U2.  &quot;Love is Blindness&quot; is a perfect closer for this album that made  everybody say to themselves &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; when they first heard  it (other than those people who don't recognize good music when they hear  it). Definitely the band's best effort.
0345403959|4.0|What an absolutely fabulous book.  I truly enjoyed it and appreciated the  fact that David Eddings gave us a precursor to the Belgariad and Malorean.   Like one of the reviewers noted however, please don't read this before the  other series, it will make them a little less exciting. His inconsistancies  in style have to do with the flow of the story.  Some of the chapters end  rather abruptly and take up rather later in the book; it's sometimes  difficult to keep up. As a female reader however, I am more attracted to  the female characters, thus when Polgara came out (it's not out in  paperback yet, next year), I had to have it.  Now that is a 5 star story.
0684874350|5.0|I have been recommending this book to all of my friends! It is so moving.  I enjoyed every page and was sorry when it ended. I couldn't put it down.
B000001EAQ|4.0|It is difficult to say whether or not this is a good album.  &quot;Discotheque&quot; is an excellent opener for the album, except that  it not only revealed a newer side to U2, but also discouraged a lot of  people from the beginning. It is a good song, with the Edge's recognizable  guitar work. &quot;Please&quot; is a spectacle for the album, &quot;Last  Night on Earth&quot; is a moderate blues rock song that sounds pretty  nifty, &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot; is an okay song, &quot;Mofo&quot; is  an interesting techno song (especially for U2) that somehow works (if you  listen carefully, I think there is a small sample from Curve's  &quot;Chinese Burn&quot; in there...same producers so it makes sense). Most  of the rest of the album is a pretty odd mix of trashy lounge rock and  techno inspired rhythms. Some work, some don't, but maybe that's part of  the intrigue about this album. Overall, it is not at all a bad album, but  it has a flaw...too different for its own good. People expected a mature U2  that would expand even further on &quot;Achtung Baby.&quot; Instead, they  matured into trying something way different from all their past stuff. Oh  well, give it a chance. It grows on you.
B000002LR3|5.0|Just a brilliant relaxed trippy feel to this album- play someone a couple  of songs and see if they can guess the year it was released. And Bobby  Gillespie's voice goes so well over a Sitar...
B000001FTQ|5.0|The live version of &quot;Bad&quot; is all you hear of this song on the  radio anymore anyway, so of course it must be good. The live version of  &quot;A Sort of Homecoming&quot; is interesting in how different it is from  the album version...yet it is the same song with the same power and emotion  as the original. The two new songs are as good as any U2 song can  be...which is pretty damn good. Short, but still worth owning.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill puts her heart in her music and it shows.  Her solo debut is a  true masterpiece.  It embodies rap, r&amp;b, reggae and most important, her  love of good music.  The tracks &quot;Doo Wop&quot;, &quot;Superstar&quot;,  &quot;To Zion&quot;, heck all of them are what REAL music is about.  I have  listened to this CD everyday since I bought it.   The girl is like an old  soul, just so deep. She live up to what she sings about in  &quot;Superstar&quot;, nothing on her album is &quot;tired&quot;. If you  love good music that inspires, buy this CD, you won't regret it.
B000001FS6|1.0|It would have been better to release an EP with the B-sides, and then  release a live album. But no...they had to combine the two. Not that the  selections are bad, it is just that this whole album is like a bad bootleg.  Perhaps this was the intent, but who gives a flying f@#k? I sure  don't...this album is a very poor collection.
B000002MY3|4.0|I bought this cd because I fell in love with the single Ironic. I think  most of the songs are pretty darn good- great lyrics! however, I thought  some of the songs were overdone- know what I mean?  when I listened to  forgiven I kept thinking &quot;calm down&quot;. so other than a few bad  moments it's really great.
B000001F3C|5.0|&quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday,&quot; &quot;New Years Day,&quot;  &quot;Seconds,&quot; &quot;Two Hearts Beat as One,&quot; &quot;Like a  Song,&quot; and &quot;Refugee&quot;...the best songs ever to grace the  genre labeled political rock. But don't let the lyrics alone sway you. The  music kicks ass! While distinctly '80s, it still is enjoyable even today. A  classic album. Probably U2's best ever...but it's all one's own opinion,  so...
B00000AFFI|5.0|After a pretty dull year in music, PJ Harvey has released what may just be  the best release of 1998.  I have played this cd everyday since I  purchased it on September 29th. It just gets better with each listen.  It's hard to pick a favorite track, but I'd say &quot;The Garden&quot; may  just be one of the best and haunting tracks I've ever heard from any  artist.  I've been a fan of PJ Harvey since her debut cd,  &quot;Dry&quot;. She is artisticly in my opinon the best female singer in  music today. She also plays a wicked guitar.  I could gush all night  about Polly Jean, but I'll just say this...  If you're not a fan of her  music, please give it a try. You'll love it!  &quot;Is This  Desire&quot; is truely a masterpiece. The best release of 1998!
B000001F5F|5.0|Bono said in the K-Mart interview for &quot;POP&quot; that he felt he would still be remembered as the &quot;F*cker with the white flag.&quot; True enough, but this album, the concert during which he sported that giant white flag, was a shining moment. It is as classic as Hendrix setting fire to his guitar. &quot;Gloria,&quot; and &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; are the finest live performances I have ever heard from U2. But the whole performance is incredible and bursting with energy and vitality. Well worth it to own this CD.
0385484518|5.0|This book was just great.  I read it one night on the way to a convention.   I was on a plane and read it from cover to cover in less than 3 hours. It  was really sweet.  It wasn't a mushy book only for women.  If you don't  know anything about Mitch Albom (the author) it doesn't matter.  Sports is  not the only thing he can write about.   If you think that death is only a  sad thing that happens at the end, you will learn a few things. Great  book!!!
0140177396|2.0|Jeez, was this book strange! By looking at all these great reviews, I felt  I had to add my opinion. Steinbeck's a talented writer, that's obvious from  the first page. But it had no plot or anything. <br />I guess you either love  it or hate it.
B000007XUQ|5.0|Like any die-hard Carpenters fan, I've been searching for the cd &quot;An  Old Fashioned Christmas&quot; and I was dismayed to learn that through all  my store searching I was never able to locate it.  Thanks so much for  Amazon beause now I've found the second Carpenters Christmas cd for which  I've been looking.  I've had the &quot;Christmas Portrait&quot;for several  years by the Carpenters and have always found that Christmas is not  complete until I've heard this cd- even if it may be 100 times. The  Carpenters will always be played in my home during the Christmas Holidays  and I love hearing &quot;Merry Christmas Darling&quot; while I'm shopping  in the stores for my holiday gifts.  I just wish that the stores wouldn't  limit the series of songs played in the stores. There are several  selections on the Christmas CDs that are light and cheery - light enough to  put the Christmas love into the Scroogiest of hearts.  I definitely urge  anyone that reads this review to seriously think of purchasing the  Christmas cd collection you will not be sorry.  And especially if you  happen to be a Carpenters fan like I, you'll find yourself listening to the  cd in the middle of the summer too!!  You know, Christmas in July! And when  you happen to live in Florida like I do, the cd is definitely refreshing  after several months of 90 degree weather...  The Carpenters have done it  once again in the way of putting their interpretation of the Holidays in  the classic Carpenters style for which we've all become to adore.  Merry  Christmas to all and I'll know that after this personal review- I shant be  the only person listening to the Carpenters Christmas Collection by myself  in the middle of the summer!!  Have a very Merry Christmas!!!
B00000DF6O|5.0|As a long time fan, I can say that this is one of B.B.'s best albums  ever!! This is B.B. as he should be..with HIS BAND!!! They are one of the  tightest bands in the business and the perfect compliment to LUCILLE. James  Toney is one of the best keyboard players to play with B.B. BUY IT!!! YOU  WON'T BE SORRY!!!
B000001DQI|5.0|I wore two album copies of this one out, just like my copy of &quot;Dark  Side of the Moon&quot; by Pink Floyd. This is classic Elton John. Not a bad  cut on the entire disc.  From &quot;Candle In The Wind&quot; to &quot;Roy  Rogers&quot; this CD is outstanding. Elton John and Bernie Taupin at their  best! The Tin-Pan Alley Twins win again!
B000002LR6|4.0|Seriously cool, super hard.  Jesus Built my Hotrod is one of the hardest,  coolest songs around.  The rest of the cd is great too, some innovative  stuff but not that much variety.
0880389052|5.0|This book is crammed full of brilliance and wonder. It has adventure and  action that would make your head blow off. I would recommend this book to  anyone who could read it because it makes your imagination soar. I think  this would go well for everyone who doesn't mind sword fighting, spell  casting, and evil monsters. This story takes place in a realm that is in  the depths of earth called the Underdark. It centers on a Drow. (Drow are  elves with dark skin and white hair. They are cousins to the elves that  live on the surface.) Most Drow live in the huge city of Menzoberanzan  where a lot of the story occurres. The Drow that the story centers on is  named Drizzt Do'Urden and you will meet his friends, family, companions,  and enemies. It talkes about what he goes through living in the city and  what he feels about his people and their ways. This book is full of  suprises and turn. Another thing that is awsome is the conclusion to story  is great and It's part of a trilogy called &quot;The Dark Elf Trilogy&quot;  so after your done with the book there is more action to come. This book  swept me off my feet and I couldn't put it down. It was so good I read it  twice. This book didn't have any problems with it but if I have to say a  bad aspect it would be that in the begining you don't quite understand what  is going on, but shortly after everything falls into place. The best  aspects are how well they discribe the fights and the surroundings that the  elves encounter. This is one of the best books I have ever read and I give  it five stars. I hope that you will enjoy this book as much as I have  because it's a keeper.
0684874350|5.0|This was the last book my mother read before she passed away last year,  and she had urged me to read it also.  It took me a full year to pick it  up, and it is one of the most heartwarming, tearjerking and humorous books  I have ever read.  I am glad my mother's last book was such a joy to read -  Thank you Frank McCourt.
B00000DFTG|4.0|Over recent years, Black Sabbath have seen their stock begin to rise  again, with the release of numerous tribute albums, as well as Ozzy  Osbourne's continued romps in the spotlight of OzzFest. It's good to see  these rock veterans finally participating in their own celebration with the  release of &quot;Reunion.&quot; Perhaps the strongest aspects of this album  are its weaknesses. The two disc set is rife with missed notes and  sometimes off-key, but this is precisely what makes the album shine. It is  a truly &quot;live&quot; album, rather than a heavily-overdubbed studio  album clone. The band comes off as being unrehearsed and loose. As such, it  is easy to realize that these &quot;old men&quot; are just up on stage  sincerely enjoying themselves and making great music, an enjoyment that is  more than infectious to the listener.
B000001FTQ|4.0|Buy this EP for the definitive version of Bad.  It towers over the version  on The Unforgettable Fire album.  An absolutely spine-tingling live track.  The &quot;previously unreleased&quot; songs are also good.  Three Sunrises  ended up being one of my favorite U2 songs, for the neat harmonies,  uplifting hook, and the unexpected meat-grinder guitar breaks from the  Edge.
0679731725|5.0|It's been said that a novelist writes in his subconscious and is sometimes  unaware of the underlying themes in his/her own works.  Well this may be  true for The Remains of the Day, which is written on at least four levels I  could find.<br />1. The story of emptiness through life's dedication to  cause.<br />2. The parallels between Asian and English society where so many  toil for the spoils, enjoyed by so few and both sides accept it as  perfectly normal, until it's too late.  Shame on both.<br />3. The parallel of  a poor man, Butler Stevens and a rich man, Lord Darlington being condemned  to the same fate -- empty lives ending in obscurity for having scarificed  the power and pleasures of the inner self to pursue an empty goal.  Rich or  poor, we do share the same fate -- we die, and are judged on how we  lived.<br />4. The last level is the Passion Play of, for lack of a better  reference, the anti-Christ (Darlington) and his Rock/St. Peter (Stevens).   It has all the elements of the Last Supper:  the betryal of Judas  (Darlington's God son); the washing of the feet (the French  Representative); temptation of Mary Magdalen (Miss kenton/Stevens) -- the  Nazi Leader/Darlington); the retreat and denial of Stevens; the death of  Darlington and Stevens to live on at the Manor.  It was two men resisiting  every temptation -- not just one man, and not just one temptation.  It  teaches us that when our goals are more spiritual and gentle in scope, the  results are more gratifying.<br />Will the author, Kazuo Ishiguro please  comment?   Thank you.
B000002KO1|5.0|On its debut, the Pretenders sound like they've been playing together for  ten or twenty years.  Everything is incredibly accomplished and tight.   This has got to be one of the greatest debut albums in history.  If you  don't own this one, then you don't really know the Pretenders.
0451191153|5.0|I randomly picked the book and first read it for a book report in the 11th  grade.  The concepts and principles in the book were mind opening and  character forming to me at that time.  Although I am not an Ayn Rand  &quot;disciple&quot; so to speak, I do admire a good bit of her work and  thoughts. The characters in the book became crystal clear to me and their  traits and actions became  eternally memorable throughout my early  adulthood.  I can still recall the enthusiasm with which I relayed  character profiles and storylines to my classmates. After reading the book,  it was indeed as if I had know the characters for years.  I wished I could  have told them about it the whole day.   It is the only fiction book that  has stayed with me from that time period. It has had a significant impact  on my thoughts about--well, just my thoughts generally.  Wow.   I was  elated to obtain my very own copy.
B0000024SI|3.0|OK, I know I'm the miscreant here.  How dare I give this masterpiece only  three stars? Yes, I know Dylan's influence on pop music is incalculable.   Yes, I certainly agree that he wrote some of the best songs of all time.  I  absolutely love his compositions -- more songs than I could ever name.  However, I knocked this album down two stars because there are two problems  I have always had with Dylan: 1.  The guy's voice sounds like some animal  that got its leg caught in a trap.  If you like that, fine.  I think it  gets incredibly grating over the course of an entire album. 2.  The equally  whiny harmonica playing. Most of the Dylan songs I own were recorded by  people other than Dylan.  In my opinion, bands like the Byrds and Fairport  Convention really did justice to his songs.  I know folk purists and Dylan  fanatics won't agree, but after all, one of the reasons that all of these  other bands covered his songs in the first place is this:  They are GREAT  compositions, they could be done better, and if done better, there is a  good chance that they will be hits! If you like Dylan's much-parodied vocal  style, then you will have no problem with this album -- it is certainly  chock-full of great songs.  Me, I like my Dylan songs sung by more capable  singers.
0790729687|3.0|Fans of Rice's vampire books will likely be disappointed by the  performances in this movie, although the script is faithful to  &quot;Interview&quot; and the makeup effects are inspired.  None of the  actors seem to catch the flavor of the characters as Rice created them,  although Kirsten Dunst is marvellous as Claudia.  Tom Cruise isn't bad as  Lestat, he's just, well, a little too Tom Cruise-ish.     END
B000002KIE|5.0|I think The Sex Pistols were great as well as they are aggressive and  crazy. They made a good job -for the very first time- at that time. It  wans't easy and i think we've got to remember that before  judging them...
B0000025SB|3.0|This is one of my least favorite PFalbums.This album is more like book  oncd rather than a musical recording agreat deprassing story. The only  light at this weaping ride is the killer trackNOT KNOW JOHN.That is the  only Waters oops I mean PF song with same amount of F woords as a hard core  rap,I love thehostility in that track.
B0000009RX|5.0|I guess not an album for begginers, but definitely my favorite. Its so  inquisitive, it gaves you the impression that every second of music was not  just played, but thought. Its punk, its underground, its shock-rock, its  avant-garde, its fun. Zappa visited many places after Money, but this one  just takes my breath away. Genious!!!
B0000025ZF|5.0|Hey, look at the grades of the preview writers below... It's 1 star or 5  stars... This means that there something &quot;deep&quot; in album. Some  did catch it other did not! I am the in the first group: The album means so  much to me! It's like an extra life: You feel streched and  relaxed during  the album... It makes you feel!  It's more than listening to music, it is  like a common-living or experience-sharing... As a friend below indicated,  just turn off the ligths and put your headphones and turn on the music...  An hour later you will be get tired... (As I told before, it is more than  listening to music ;-)
B00000AFDW|3.0|I don't know what else I was expecting, but I guess I'm not surprised.  It's just the Gene and Paul show with 1 track from Ace and Peter just to  prove to everyone that they showed up. Don't get me wrong, some of the  songs are excellent. Songs like &quot;Within&quot;, &quot;Journey of 1000  years&quot;, and the title track are all stellar. The rest just show  everyone how conceited Kiss are. And to top it all off, I've had to program  out &quot;I've Finally Found My Way&quot;, absolutely the worst ballad Kiss  has ever recorded. Kiss should've stuck with Bruce and Eric and recorded a  heavy record like &quot;Revenge&quot; and &quot;Carnival Of Souls&quot;.  They may not have sol as many concert tickets, but they would have recorded  one hell of a better album. At the very least, Gene's songs should have  been a bit darker to match his demon persona. And ten tracks clocking in at  under 45 minutes - shame on you. That may have been good enough for 1978,  but not 1998.
0606050809|5.0|I was impressed with Richard Adams' writing style moments after picking up  the book.  His way of writing life into animal characters is simply  amazing, especially when you take into account how much he researched  rabbits before writing this book.  You can feel Hazel's resentment of being  chosen leader as he must confront mutiny within his group of rabbits.  A  simple walk through the forest takes on a different meaning through the  eyes of a rabbit.  And the sheer inhumanity of man-traps is meticulously  detailed and put in to perspective by Adams.  This book is not just about a  group of rabbits.  It is about the sheer will to survive inherent in every  animal on earth, including humans.   I highly recommend this book to  everyone.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Phil always makes great  music.  He can turn oldies into songs tha sound  like thery were written for him.
0393307050|5.0|I am in agreement with the reader from Sydney, Australia!  While this is  not usual fare for women, they should read this book!  It is excellently  well-written and exciting.  Any woman that enjoys Regency Romance will find  this book a welcome change of pace.  On the other hand, men who enjoy the  sea and war stories will also enjoy this as there is a good deal of action  and adventure and sea-faring terminology.  I am recommending it to my  husband, who is retired US Navy.  I believe this to be a book written for  anyone that enjoys a good tale.
0553573403|4.0|I never give out 5's but this book comes close. Very nice plot, great  characters and real tension. It just feels so new and it will be hard to  choke down other fantasy books after tasting this one. I look forward with  great eagerness to future volumes.
B000001DYD|5.0|polly's sophomore effort takes a little getting used to.  The Albini  production alienated more than a few listeners, but my personal opinion is  that it's the best rock and roll album that sounds like it was recorded in  the hallway of a Minneapolis motel.
B000002UA5|4.0|One of Pink Floyd's strangest yet interesting works to date.   &quot;Several species of Small Furry Animals Grooving In A Cave With A  Pict&quot; is a cool song though :)
B000002I25|5.0|I recently answered a poll of the ten greatest rock albums of all time,  and I put this on the list. It is really great, with only END OF THE NIGHT  as a disappointment. Every other song is great. I think a major  accomplishment of this album is that it was the Doors' first. The other  great rock bands (Stones, Beatles, Who) had to build up to being great  after a number of albums. The Doors produced a great album right out of the  starting gate (of course, it is their best album, too). And the Doors sound  is very unique. Those other bands I mentioned (that I'm a fan of) you can  hear as derivative of something (Elvis, Chuck Berry, etc.) But the Doors  sound like no one else. And no one sounds like them.
0380973642|5.0|This book is amazing. I have yet to find anything of Gaiman's writing that  I don't like, of course, but this book was no exception. Smoke&amp;Mirrors  contains not only short stories but also more than a few poems, which are  surprisingly good. This is my first introduction to Gaiman's poetry, and I  hope he puts out a book of that at some point! &quot;Vampire Sestina&quot;  and &quot;Reading the Entrails: A Rondel&quot; just blew me away, as did  some of the short stories, such as &quot;Troll Bridge&quot; and &quot;Snow,  Glass, Apples.&quot; A truly amazing piece of work, every bit as good as  Neverwhere, though very different. Neil Gaiman proves that he can write  many different kinds of fantasy and science fiction and horror, all of them  equally well.
B000002IZM|5.0|The only music I know of that could fit perfectly with Riddley Scotts dark  back drop of mans post-nuclear war future.  Even without the movie, the  music can take you to a whole new world, past, present and future.
1878424319|5.0|If I was given the choice of having my children read and understand just  one book, this might be it.  All I know is that I wish I had these insights  earlier in my life - but then my life experiences may have been necessary  to appreciate what Ruiz presents.  Anyway, it is a deceptively simple book  that is amazingly potent.  As I work with these four agreements in my life  I am witnessing transformations occurring, both in myself and others with  whom I relate.  Highly recommended!
B000002952|5.0|I have always been a big fan of Gloria's, but she takes it to a whole  different level in Mi Tierra! The entire CD is a masterpiece, although the  ballads are my favorite.  &quot;Con Los Anos Que me Quedan&quot; and  &quot;Hablas de Mi&quot; are two of the most soulful, beautiful songs I've  ever heard.  The performances are impeccable and the style really  compliments Gloria's voice.  You won't hear creativity, talent, and  especially incredible rhythms like this in from any other mainstreatm  artists!  Please give this one a chance...you'll thank me later!
B0000025DV|5.0|No exaggeration--this is number one on my list of greatest albums of all  time.  Nowadays I feel lucky if a CD has two or three good songs; this one  has nine great ones!  ELO at its glorious peak.
B000002TYX|2.0|There are some great gems on this album. But a lot I could do without.  There is SO much live Beatles on here, and the Beatles were not a great  live band. (And I'm a Beatles FREAK). When a live bit comes on, I press the  skip button. I love a lot of the out takes. I really love George's  &quot;lost&quot; song on here. But there is so much on here that is dull.  And I was really disappointed by FREE AS A BIRD. Lennon sounds like he is  singing through a telephone. One of the Beatles greatest songs, I think, is  HERE COMES THE SUN. And John Lennon had NOTHING to do with that song. He  didn't help write it. He didn't play on it (he was in the hospital when it  was recorded). So the Beatles without John Lennon were capable of creating  brilliant music. So I think Paul, George and Ringo should have just done a  whole new song with just the three of them. It would have been better than  their trying to make silk out of a sow's ear. That ended up remaining a  sow's ear. If they really wanted to have Lennon included they should have  just taken a song he wrote, and recorded it. But not used an old tape of  his as a basis for it.
B0000035E7|5.0|Though it lacks much of the polish of Nirvana's later work,  &quot;Bleach&quot; is a prime example of the brilliance of Kurt Cobain both  lyrically and vocally.  If you want to make comparisons, I found the style  of this album more reminiscent of &quot;In Utero&quot; than  &quot;Nevermind.&quot;  If you're a fan, you must have this.
B000002J1U|3.0|It's called Gallows Pole, not Hangman.  But it is by far my favourite song  on the album.  The Immigrant Song is good, but it seems a bit too short to  really rank up there with Zeppelin epics like Kashmir and Achilles' Last  Stand.  Tangerine is also good.  To be honest, the rest of it really  doesn't stand out in my memory, so it can't have impressed me much.  Still,  I really love Gallows Pole.
0767805712|5.0|Not only is Gattaca a beautifuly filmed movie, but  it's quite subtle and  brilliant.     END
B000002BBY|5.0|Given that Blur is one of my all-time favourite bands, I felt a bit guilty  about liking this so much.  But the fact is, it's brilliant.  Utterly,  totally, wonderful.  All the songs are truly classics.  Don't Look Back in  Anger is my favourite, but it's almost pointless to even site tracks,  because they're all great.  I'm the most anglophilic person I know, and  this captures perfectly the essence of what attracts me to Great Britain.   You really ought to buy it.
B00000DFTH|5.0|I've been looking forward to this release for a long time, as have many  older Sabbath fans. &quot;Ozzy's voice is shot, Bill can't play anymore,  yadda, yadda&quot;. Thankfully, that's all nonsense. These guys sound as  loud and proud as ever.The opening crush of &quot;War Pigs&quot; is one of  the most thankful sounds my ears have ever heard. True, most of this  release contains songs most heavy metal fans have been force-fed since they  were young, but there's a liberal dose of rarely heard material here.  &quot;Lord of This World&quot;, &quot;Electric Funeral&quot;, &quot;Dirty  Women&quot; and especially, &quot;Spiral Architect&quot; were all welcome  additions. So much better than a single disc, hodeg-podge of the obvious!  But the main triumph is the sound. The original albums were all sludgy  &amp; murky, which of course, added to their appeal. This, as stated, is  loud &amp; proud - Iommi's guitar, Geezer's bass, even Bill Ward's drums -  everything is up front &amp; clear - kinda like Metallica's Binge and  Purge. But it's not overproduced (I think it would be impossible to  &quot;clean up&quot; these songs), nor are bad notes &quot;fixed&quot;.  It's definitely LIVE. The two newies are pretty cool, not bad at all, but  the live stuff is devastating. Get this now, and do your pathetic life a  favor!
0451193881|5.0|This is a great book. I literally couldn't put it down! My parents had to  pull the book away when dinner was ready!It was creepy and eerie and  awesome! Read it now...King is incredibly descriptive in his works, and  while I was reading this I felt as though I was there in the Overlook, and  of course feeling everyone's emotions because King has cut them out and  splayed them across a mental field so that we may delve into the very minds  and thoughts of an alchoholic, depressed father on the verge of insanity, a  scared-to-death , worried and concerned mother/wife, and a fragile young  boy with extraordinary powers.  The description of room 217(why was it 237  in the movie???) chilled me to the point that I checked behind the shower  curtain whenever I went into the bathroom. Definetely among my most  favorite books.  Chilling and captivating. If you haven't read this book,  no matter what type of novel you are a fan of, then you don't know what you  are missing. ***** stars definetely! (REDRUM)  (roque...stroke...roque...stroke...REDRUM) (Danny!Come here and take your  medicine!) --ShineOn195,age 14,(with The Shining  power)
0812523334|5.0|I loved this book!  My advice is to keep at it, because I stopped reading  it after the first few chapters several times.  Don't give up on it.  I am  really glad I read it.  It's so wonderful!
B00000DBXL|5.0|PTM seems to be slightly darker in spirit than that brilliant gem,  &quot;Fashion Nugget,&quot; but it's no less another astounding  achievement. Repeated listenings reveal that once again, John McCrea and  crew are the most intelligent and talented musicians around, generously  pouring over every detail to craft music that truly delivers. Fans seem to  be flipping over &quot;Sheep Go to Heaven,&quot; but the real heartbreaker  is &quot;You Turn the Screws.&quot; The song drips with a poignancy that  stuns the listener into a sort of silent, still compassion. Disappointment  and heartbreak have never been so perfectly captured in a song. I hope  McCrea continues to mine this particular vein in his work--it's the heart  of this album, and hopefully, the pointer to where this band is headed.
0380973642|5.0|I've always been a fan of Neil Gaiman. Ever since the Sandman, Gaiman has  been wowing us with his ability to create likable characters.  This book  has likeable characters and everything else you love about Neil Gaiman.   It's witty, intelligent, and well worth your money.  Enjoy!  I did!
B000003CKH|5.0|Let me state uneqivocally--I hate grungy alternative music. To me, it has  become the disco of the '90s, inflicting self-indulgent, self-centered faux  angst upon everyone it touches. Originally, and ignorantly, I'd lumped Cake  in with these commodified complainers, but how very wrong I was. When a  friend introduced me to &quot;Fashion Nugget,&quot; I knew I was hearing  something entirely new. And with each repeated listening, I absorb yet  another nuance, another emotion that I hadn't heard before. This is an  astoundingly satisfying record, both emotionally and musically, destined to  go down as one of the truly great discs of the '90s. Have a listen, and see  if &quot;Friend Is a Four-Letter Word&quot; isn't one of the best songs  you've ever heard.
B000002KDW|5.0|This albumn was an obvious staple for the likes of the Black Crowes and  the Georgia Sattelites. They however didn't quite get it. To learn what  it's all about you got to get the blueprint. Rod Stewart is the only voice  immaginable for these songs. The late Ronnie Lane shares lead vocals but it  is Hot Rod who shines. Why can't Ron Wood play now like he did then. He  litterally throws the music at you in massive waves of grunge and grime  during this set. Now he seems to be a note or two behind the rest of  current band mates the uhh... the uhhh... Somebody help me. The uhh... Oh  well buy this albumn it may make forget about the uhh... the uhh..
0399143904|1.0|I have read most of what Clancey has written.  His first novels were hard  to put down.  This one is hard to pick up.  Degenerating story line and  dialog makes me believe Clancey now writes the outline for someones idea  for someone to write to be published in his name and meet his deadline and  he rides his previous successes all the way to the bank.
B000002G87|5.0|You know that worn out cliche about the deserted island and the handful of  albumns? You hate it. I hate it. Everybody hates it. However... If every an  albumn deserves to be on such a list this is it. Never again (sadly) will  such a collection of guitar based gems be assembled. Regardless of the fact  that three fifths of the band are  either dead or deep in a mental  institution. Two absolute giants in Eric Clapton and Duane Allman pair off  in what is with out question the definitive guitar albumn of the ages.  Bobby Whitlock, Carl Radle and Jim Gordon eclipse their work with Delaney  and Bonnie and friends by leaps and bounds. This is a beyond perfect  albumn. Five stars? Hell give them fifty.
0671876813|5.0|Wow! David Weber's fifth book is compelling, moving and riveting. Honor  Harrington, on the beach at half-pay from the Royal Manticoran Navy, is  offered a commission as an Admiral in the newly-rebuilt Grayson Navy. Not  only that, but she has taken up her duties as Steadholder, and is  developing a radical new (to the Graysons) technology that may make feeding  their world a lot easier. Everything's coming up roses, right?<br />Don't bet  on it. The Peeps are getting better organized as new officers get more  combat experience and learn from their mistakes. The RMN can't push them  around anymore. The Peeps have decided to move on Yeltsin's Star (the  primary for the world of Grayson), and take out what is probably  Manticore's most capable ally.<br />On Grayson, certain elements of Grayson  society are determined to everything and anything necessary to prevent  Honor Harrington from executing the duties of her office as Steadholder,  all in the name of God's will. The double hammer of the Peep attacks and  the sabotage and treason cooked up to frame her very nearly destroy Honor,  but she rallies and finishes strongly in a climax that you will *not* soon  forget.
B00000AFFF|5.0|A great album which brings out some classic Bacharach melodies and some  'uncomplicated' lyrics from Mr Costello.<br />Stangely, the strong melodies  and the arrangements bring out the weaknesses in Costello's vocal abilities  as he, in turns, apes Sinatra and his own full-on style.  Toledo is a  standout track, notable for its laid back style and unforgettable melody.   Even the lyrics are redolent of Hal David, although with Costello you know  there's going to be a sting in the tail.<br />Occasionally you feel the vocals  are a little laboured, especially when the glorious backing vocals are so  effortless, but overall the album is totally engaging, and as usual the  vocals are a triumph of conviction over technical ability.<br />Elvis has  learnt to read music and this is a little worrying for those of us who have  followed his career over the years, but this album lacks nothing in spirit.   Also, it will have thousands of musicians agonising over just how Burt  gets that opening chord to sound like it does, and how mixing the odd 5/4  bar in to a 4/4 song can be such a breeze.  Then again, Burt can wear white  slacks and a white cashmere pullover (over his shoulders!), and still look  cool.
B000000W5L|5.0|What is with all these negative reviews of &quot;Exile&quot;?  This album  is a sprawling, sloppy mess, and I expect nothing less from the Rolling  Stones.  If you want concise songwriting, slick musicianship, and studio  polish from the Stones, you are barking up the wrong tree, but if you  insist, then buy one of their crappy 80s or 90s releases.   &quot;Exile&quot; was the Stones at their pinnacle, when they could do  anything they wanted and get away with it.  I have always said that  Europeans appreciate great American music better than Americans do, and the  Stones prove that by paying homage to American country, blues, and rock  &amp; roll with this inspired work.  &quot;Sweet Black Angel,&quot; &quot;I  Just Want To See His Face,&quot; &quot;Let It Loose,&quot; and &quot;Torn  and Frayed,&quot; are the standout tracks.  &quot;Beggars Banquet,&quot;  &quot;Sticky Fingers&quot; and &quot;Let it Bleed&quot; are fine Stones  albums, too, but don't turn up your nose at this grungy masterpiece.
B000000WFF|5.0|This c-d is excellent!  I love it ever since I got it!  My favorite songs  are: all of them!  I don't hate one of them!  You have to get this c-d!   Spice Girls RULE!
B000003BDY|4.0|The second LP isssued in October 1964 by the Stones in the US was in fact  an amalgamation of a UK extended play (Five by Five), 3 tracks from the  second UK LP(Rolling Stones 2), a UK  \\"A\\" side, aUS \\"A\\" side and 2 UK \\"B\\"  sides. At the heart of the LP are the five EP tracks, all recorded at the  Chess studios in Chicago. The band approach the songs with cofidence  including two Jagger-Richard compositions. From the same Chess sessions and  included here is It's All Over Now a UK number one although it only reached  a disappointing 26 in the US. This Bobby Womack song is a Stones classic  and the outstanding track on the album. The remaining tracks were recorded  in London and are a mixture of covers and Jagger-Richard compositions. The  strongest being the self penned Good Times, Bad Times and a cover version  of Susie Q. The US single Time Is On My Side, with a notable organ backing  by Ian Stewart rounds things off. <br />The album provides an interesting  comparison between the recording and production techniques of the  Regent  studios in London and the Chess studios in Chicago. This   together with  the inclusion of two hit singles provides the interest for this album which
B00000D9TK|5.0|This is a great album. Although I don't understand what's she singing, but  I can sense the beauty of the world by listening to it. Be sure to buy it!  And especially listen to tracks 4,7,8,12! S'il Suffisait D'aimer would now  be my favorite album in the whole world.  Ps: Buy the coming-soon Christmas  Album too!
0694520470|5.0|This is a great book on marketing.  The &quot;laws&quot; are backed up by  common examples and analogies such as McDonalds vs Burger King and Charles  Lindburgh (the first to fly across the Atlantic) and Hinkley (the second to  fly across the Atlantic).... which name do you remember the best?
B00000DHR0|5.0|This sure will be a great hit! I've heard The Prayer already, and it is so  tender and warm. With this track inside, and the many songs ; plus her  (Celine's) beautiful voice, this will be my favorite album.
B000006YVQ|5.0|I have been entranced by Peter's 'US' CD since it  first came out in '92.   Since the Secret World Live has come out, it has practically replaced 'US'  in my CD player. I now enjoy the live versions better...especially Come  Talk to Me and In Your Eyes... I have had &quot;peak&quot; experiences many  songs on this CD.  The live version of Solsbury Hill is also quite amazing.   I have recommended this to many of my friends, and they usually end up  saying they can't stop listening to it!  SO WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? A new  release of his or something?? I have done some complex algebraic  extrapolations with grafts using previous data of  time-between-Gabriel-albums, and i have estimated that the next release  should hit about the year 2012. This of  course is when it is prophesied by  many ancient &quot;time&quot; experts to be the end of time and space as we  know it, so i wouldn't wait for that. This doesn't mean that I think there  will not be another release...I just think that the collapse of the  time-space thing will eliminate the need.  Those who resonate to the  'search within' will find much inspiration, solace and magic in this  release.  The energy is transformational (in an alchemical way).
0380789019|5.0|I also saw the BBC movie first.  It was very good but frankly I like a  good book better than watching the tube.  I was not disappointed.  It was  intriquing how so much of the relationships between the magic London Below  and the known London Above could be left unexplored and incomprehensible  without compromising the storyline.  A satisfied reader is a forgiving  reader.  <br />The historical references to how London's sewer and underground  evolved was a nice touch and most appreciated.
B000002UY5|5.0|I just gotta say that from the first time i bought this album it just blew  my mind away!!! this is a must have cd. one of the best i've ever heard!!!  blind melon is an awesome group and shannon has awesome vocals!!! GET THIS  CD!!!!!!!!!!
B000000LZV|5.0|One of the best albums ever conceived, written and recorded, Double Nickels is a perfect snapshot of how it felt in the early/mid-eighties to be a Reaganomic-Cold-War-hating lover of rock n' roll.  Minutemen possessed and expressed all the socially/politically frusted angst and anger of hardcore, but never rejected, as so many punk rock bands did, the work of previous, established rock n' roll bands.  Their choice of covers from Creedence ('Don't Look Now'), Steely Dan ('Dr Wu'), and Van Halen ('Ain't Talkin' 'Bout Love', which for some reason is removed from the CD edition), and their reference in one song to Bob Dylan ('History Lesson-Part II'), accentuate the essential recognition that runs throughout all their songs, that no matter how socially and politically screwed-up the U.S. and other parts of the world may be, rock n' roll is always there to give voice to the uniquely living personality each of us brings to the world that continually battles with the very real feeling of being ignored by the world.  It's that voice that emerges, though, in Double Nickels to confront the social injustices practised both in our own land and in others by governments local and global, not only to people we may know, but to people we might never know exist (not just 'over there' but right here, too).  And it's that voice that also riles at being personally exploited and munipulated everyday at work, at home and otherwise in public as only another seemingly interchangeable piece of the social framework.<br />While a lot of 90's bands have infused their music with social/personal/political awareness (e.g., Indigo Girls, Tracy Chapman, Pearl Jam, sensitive rock, etc., Gag!), what they strive for, and do not achieve, was already, and much better, done by bands in the 80's, like Minutemen, X, and The Clash, who also infused their music with a love for rock n' roll and the beautiful visions, yet simultaneous realities, of pure freedom that rock n' roll avails everyone.  And those bands in turn acknowledged what they had received from previous generations, with only the added emphasis of: 'Get mad, get pi**ed, make a fuss, bi*** and moan, but love your life, and make something happen, too!  'Cause that's what you're here for!'  <br />I still remember the night that a friend called to tell me that he'd just heard D.  Boon had died in a car accident, and how I felt what a huge cleft had just opened between what was and what could be for rock n' roll.  But that was the 1986, and before Nirvana (love 'em, hate 'em, or ignore 'em) changed the general sound (with, I might add, a strong nod towards innumerable previous bands, only a few of which they did honor to by covering), whether directly or ad hoc tempus, that rings now throughout all late 90's music.  <br />But, 'Semper In Memoriam D. Boon', and Thank You.
0393312836|5.0|This book has elements of today in it.  Prisons are trying to find a way  to reform and rehabiltate prisoners, and gangs of children are doing the  acts of ultr-violence.  I recomenned it to everyone.
0790729385|5.0|It's been almost 15 years since I last saw The Exorcist and my overriding  memory was that I slept with all the lights on for four days. This  adaptation of William Peter Blatty's novel is nothing short of stunning and  shows that multiu-million dollar special effects are still no match for old  fashioned storytelling.  There are no computer-generated special effects  here, although at the time of it's release the movie proved to be a real  special effectds event. Put simply there's no equal and posssible never  will be for this movie. It's sharp, forboding and builds an amazing sense  of fear within the viewer as the story of a little girl's possession by an  evil sprit is played out over roughly 80 or 90 minutes. If you only ever  watch one horror movie in your life make it this one - the rest are limp by  comparison...     END
1573921394|5.0|This is an outstanding text by one of the fathers of economic theory.  Should be in every serious economists collection! No other book rivals it  in it's insights and ingenuity. Keynes is the god of the economic world.
0812550706|4.0|I thought that this book was very good.  The character development of  Ender was good.  The other characters are not described as thoroughly as  necessary.  There were some concepts and issues that could have been better  tackled had the book been a little longer.  This is my first Sci-Fi book.   Generally I read more fantasy.  I thought it was very good and would  recommend it to anyone who enjoys a good adventure.
0553108034|5.0|This book is so good I could not wait to finish it and pass it on to a  friend. Great characters, superior plot and fantastic locations. I look  forward to the sequal.
0395759242|5.0|We see many people today as heroes and that is often the result of  revisionist history.  If one tours Brussels you cannot help but admire the  magnificant material structures that are open and available to the public,  celebrating the past of the Belgians. Many of these are monuments to one  man-King Leopold II.  Adam Hockschild cuts through to the man and exposes a  butcher who is accountable for the deaths of at least 10 million human  beings.  The evidence presented is a prima facie case for a crime against  humanity. Its is not unexpected that the such a King ordered the  distruction of written records that would document his horrors.  Cutting  off human hands, displaying skulls as lawn ornaments all describe acts of a  people who separated from the human race in their pursuit of economic gain  from ivory and rubber.  Adam does warn that the more distant we are from  the scene of these abuses, the more likely we are to ignore or excuse this  behavior.  There were many good Belgians who went to the Congo and they  were there to aid their fellow man (some of the missionaries as described  in the book).  However, we see evidence clearly presented that many people  left Belgiam to seek a fortune in the Congo at whatever cost to mankind it  took.  We all remember the Holocast committed by the Germans during the  second World War, and I thank the Author for bringing to our attention this  parrarel event.  The caveat is that we did not learn from this tradegy even  though it was broadly publicized during its time.  In less than fifty years  we were doom to see history repeat itself.  I do not know anything at all  about Amnesty International (a group the author mentions in the book).   However, I agree that the crimes committed by Leopold and his associates  under the umbrella of humanitarism are deserving of serious study even if  the reputation of this King is besmirshed.  Just as Hitler went to his  grave believing he did the right thing for Germany, Leopold left this earth  believing he brought civalization to the Congolese.  Both of these people  were sick and poor excuses for human beings.
0151003084|5.0|Gorey writes and illustrates in the tradition of the original Brothers  Grimm stories--ghoulish, yet morbidly funny. When you read this book you  can't help but smile in macabre glee. A wonderful, sick blend of humor and  shocking tastelessness.
B00000DFSK|5.0|Every one a gem and guaranteed to bring back the memory of any U2 live  concert you have ever guested at!
B00000F1D3|5.0|This is an unabashed commercial lp with Cher sounding energetic and hungry  to boot. The singing is right on and the numbers included should appeal to  fans from the past and new ones of the younger set. Just when you think  shes' down for the count, the lady is on top again. I'd Believe this one!!!
B000003CMB|5.0|No other albumn, live or otherwise, comes closer to perfection than this.  This is by far the brothers at their best. The brothers at their worst are  beter than most bands at their peak. The Allmans were not exactly seasoned  veterans at this time in their career. However they play with an  unmistakeable fire and depth that is unheard of. They were so young and so  talented it's hardly concievable. Duane Allman could do no wrong onstage in  this set. The slide work is tremendous. His call and answer with Dickie  Betts is absolute poetry unspoken. Two chock full discs recorded live (in  the wee hours of the morning in some cases) without a missed note is  unheard of. I personally own three copies. One origanal version, (truck)  one remastered extended version (work) and one gold disc. (home) It is rare  that I am ever more than 100 feet from any one copy. That may sound a  little silly but give it a listen. Than see how silly I am.
B000001FI7|5.0|One of the best albums I own.  It's one of those few albums where you can  listen to the whole CD without skipping any track. I always thought  trip-hop was kind of cold, wispy, and mechanical, but Portishead dismisses  that theory.  These songs are full of sadness, frustration, slyness,  burning sexuality...  I could go on and on with that list.  The songs feel  like the soundtrack to the dreams and nightmares a lonely soul has late at  night, or possibly the songs an insomniac plays to stay awake. Stand-outs  are the dancy &quot;Strangers,&quot; where Beth's vocals flip-flop  seamlessly from whisper to wail, &quot;It's A Fire,&quot;  &quot;Roads,&quot; and &quot;Glory Box.&quot;  Skip the album if you don't  like to visit your dark side too often.
B000002LMK|5.0|Neil Young, better than anyone, has always been able to re-invent himself.  His career has seen forays into swing music, country/rock, acoustic solo  and he has paired with Pearl Jam for the albumn Mirror Ball. You can never  be too sure which Neil will appear on his next record. However when he sees  fit to team up with Crazy Horse as he does here, you know exactly what  you're in for. Straight ahead, honest, no frills rock and roll. Neil has  teamed up with these guys occasionally since the late sixtys and it's  always a treat. This is their best offering since their first,  &quot;Everyone knows this is nowhere&quot;, nearly thirty years ago. If you  are only familiar with Neil's pop hits or softer side or his work with  Crosby,Stills and Nash(all of which is also excellant) you will be  thoroughly surprised. He starts out flying and barely lets off the gas in  the few turns which surface on this albumn. It's a once (or at most few) in  a lifetime ride well worth taking.
B000000OPU|5.0|After watching Say Anything with John Kuzack I found myself searching for  a soundtrack to get the song &quot; In your eyes&quot;. After having no  luck I bought this album. I have to say I was not dissapointed. The whole  album is gorgeouse and the emotions just pour out. Peters voice is breath  taking. I'm so glad the film provided me with access to this artist.
B000002UVX|5.0|I certainly need not tell anyone how great Jimi was. Why explain the  obvious? All that is left to debate is when, where and how was he best?  This albumn gets my vote. Certainly not his most explosive or technical  work but perhaps his most relaxed and truest to his soul. This is indeed  different from his studio work with the Experience. This is headed toward  funk with the help of Buddy Miles on drums and the occasional vocal. This  is a master of his craft looking down another path. A path that he has  travelled before but not in some time. This was recorded live on new year's  eve 1969 closing a turbulent decade and opening one that Jimi sadly would  himself leave much to quickly. The standards are here and some new stuff he  tries out on what was i'm sure a captivated audience.
B000000WA4|1.0|The band was bearable when the singer didn't think he was a musician of  the highest caliber.  In the great rock and roll tradition this band has  become the best parody of itself imaginable.  Just complete pure garbage.
B00000AFWZ|4.0|Real American 60's rock is here.  Take away the British Invasion, Motown,  and the big hitmakers, and what you have left are these guys.  They leave a  bigger dent in your mind than they did on the charts.  Some of these guys  went on to bigger and better things, some wound up getting real jobs, some  guys went nuts.  Some of this collection seems to be obvious padding (did  we really need \\"Louie Louie\\" and \\"Wooly Bully\\"?)  however, and some of the songs may have been better off staying lost.  But  there are far more treasures than duds here.  The follow-up box set, Nuggets II, focuses on foreign bands (UK and elsewhere) and is equally recommended.  Get 'em both.
B000003H2Q|5.0|I think this is their best one. Plain and siimple. Got everything that's  available from them INCLUDING the home video (&quot;For Darkest Eyes).
630495297X|5.0|The truth behind the Bible is revealed by one of the greatest and prolific  writers of the century.  Believe me, you should start with &quot;The 12TH  Planet&quot;, but eventually you MUST own the whole line of the Earth  Chronicles.  Right here at Amazon.com all of these titles are available.     END
0452273331|5.0|I just finished this book today, and I was amazed the whole time.<br />I  guess it turns out that I have been somewhat of a Howard Roark all of my  life, but not entirely I must admit.  This book is excellently written; Ayn  Rand uses many literary techniques I believed to be my own (especially in  the first couple of pages)<br />The only problems I found:<br />-The book seemed  to be a bit too long for me.  I don't mean this in terms of pages, but in  terms of storyline (I'm definately not afraid to read long books.  One of  may favorites happens to be War and Peace).  I think that the book should  have focussed more on Howard Roark than it did; this would have made the  message of the book stronger.  There were too many scenes that seemed  unnecessary to me.<br />-Toohey - -I think that his speech in Peter's room  kind of ruined it for me.  He reminded me too much of an insane  super-villain.<br />Other than these two things I think it was an excellent  book, and offers many brilliant insights into society and morality.
B000009DUY|5.0|Very good score ... no, wait ... WONDERFUL score. Yeah, thats more like  it. Hymn to the Fallen is one of the most beautiful themes of this decade.
0688101364|5.0|This is by FAR the best cookie cookbook available anywhere.  Incredible.   I just made the toffee tonight, and i still can't believe that it came out  of my kitchen. <br />Unfortunately, I have also experienced the problems with  the binding.  My book is falling apart, and i am going to have to buy  another copy.  The thought of losing some pages and having the book go out  of print is just horrifying.  <br />Has anyone passed these complaints about  the binding on to the publisher?
B000002TQB|4.0|I'm the biggest fan of Blur around, but even I have to admit that this  album is somewhat overrated.  It's similar to the Beatles' Sgt Pepper, in  that critics always love it, yet fans end up scratching their heads.  I  think it's so critically acclaimed because it so perfectly encapsulates the  period in which it was made--but that doesn't mean it's the band's best  record.  Don't get me wrong--when this hits, it's utterly magnificent.   Tracks like London Loves, End of a Century, Girls&amp;Boys, This is a Low,  and the title track are utterly without compare.  And yet, there are just  enough less-than-stunning tracks to keep this away from perfection.   Specifically, Magic America, Clover Over Dover, and Jubilee are mediocre at  best.  And the throwaway instrumental The Debt Collector, which would be  acceptable if the rest of the album was entirely rock-solid, doesn't work  too well here.  All in all, anyone interested in Blur, or britpop in  general, would be foolish to pass this up, but The Great Escape is the  band's masterpiece, and I'd buy that first.
0399143904|3.0|If its action you want then you won't be disappointed, it fires up 'movie  style' in the first chapter. However this novel lacks the depth, complexity  and techo-education that are the usual Clancy hallmarks.  Like other  reviewers I found the plot too derivative of Executive Orders and the prose  far too repetative. I guess now that Jack has made President there just  wasn't anywhere else for him to go and we have to make do with the less  sophisticated Clark and Chavez!
B000002UDV|5.0|A brilliant song cycle starting with the optimism of a brand new,  fantasized love affair (&quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot;) and ending with  the inconsolable pain of a breakup (&quot;Caroline No&quot;), Pet Sounds is  the best album of the &quot;rock era.&quot;I've listened to this album for  more than thirty years, far more than any other in my collection, and never  tire of its beauty.
B000003CMB|5.0|There's a great story (told in a Bill Graham biography) about the Allmans'  very first arrival at the Fillmore East, over a year before they played the  historic March 1971 gig.  Recall that the band had only recently recorded  its first LP (in NYC) in the summer of 1969.  They were largely unknown at  the time.  They showed up late to do a sound check, which was a very uncool  thing to do when you were dealing with Bill Graham, because he ran a real  tight ship.  His people, who had been used to staging a lot of premier  artists of the day, were a sophisticated bunch.  Because the Brothers  showed up late, the Fillmore East folks were pissed at them.  And because  they didn't exactly show up in a limousine (how 'bout an Econoline van that  Red Dog was probably driving?) and nobody had any idea who they were --  they didn't headline until months later -- the jaded city slickers at the  Fillmore thought they were dealing with a bunch of southern yo yo's from  Macon Georgia.  Well, the brothers plugged in and started to play, and  suddenly everybody's jaw hit the ground -- they stopped whatever they were  doing and stood there, gaping in astonishment.  They were completely blown  away at how incredibly hot this band was.  Of course, the band went on to  become Bill Graham's favorite, and they eventually headlined at the closing  performances held at the Fillmore in June of 1971.<br />I agree with the  previous reviewer's comment about Duane's solo on E. Reed -- I have always  felt that it is, indeed, the most blistering hot solo he ever waxed.  The  test of great art is whether you can come back to it over and over, year  after year, and it remains as fresh as the moment you first encountered it.   This album passes that test with flying colors.  By the way,  &quot;Southern Rock&quot; is a dumb, meaningless term invented by people  who were too lazy to credit the Allbros with what they actually  accomplished.  They seamlessly fused numerous American musical traditions-- blues, jazz, gospel, R&amp;B, soul, and good old rock 'n' roll -- into a  unique, enduring product that utterly transcends simplistic labeling.    Gregg Allman was -- and remains today -- the greatest white blues singer on  earth, and brother Duane was a musical genius (a term I never use lightly)  whose music will live for ages beyond his tragic death at the age of 24 on  October 29, 1971.  Long Live the Allman Brothers Band!
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This song makes one open his/her eyes &amp; heart.  I had been to one of  Phils' concerts years back at Great Woods in Mansfield MA.  He had asked  that everyone make a small donation for the less fortunate.  Granted, I  didn't have much but did not hesitate to drop my biggest bill in the  container.  My 6 year old son had asked the meaning of the song &amp; I  explained that he is very fortunate to have a home, food &amp; alot of love  as some people have neither.  I believe he understands &amp; truly loves  the song.  Thanks once again for your wonderful music.  It's a sad song,  but one that makes us all realize how lucky we all are.  Keep up the great  work!
B000002MG1|4.0|This album is a real head scratcher.  Each successive release from R.E.M.  has been worse than the previous one.  Then &quot;Automatic For The  People&quot; comes along, and it's one of their best ever.  It's also one  of the best albums of the 1990s.  &quot;Try Not To Breathe&quot; is  absolutely devastating to listen to.  &quot;The Sidewinder Sleeps  Tonight,&quot; &quot;Monty Got A Raw Deal,&quot; and &quot;Man On The  Moon&quot; are brilliantly composed, arranged, and produced.  The only  reason I give this CD 4 stars instead of 5 is the odious &quot;Everybody  Hurts,&quot; an obvious, pedestrian effort that seriously mars what is  otherwise an almost perfect pop record.  I don't know if Led Zeppelin's  John Paul Jones, who did the strings on this album, should get all the  credit, but he deserves a shout-out.  I hope he gets more work on other  peoples' records.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I have listened to Phil Collins music since he was with  &quot;Genesis&quot;. My first concert was &quot;Genesis&quot; in which I  sat 3rd row, center.  It was an awesome concert &amp; Phil just keeps  getting better.  I have a 6 year old who is already asking us to take him  to one of his concerts.  I also have a 2 year old who loves dancing to all  of his music.  Phil's music is upbeat &amp; inspirational and my husband,  children &amp; I think he's absolultely wonderful.  My husband &amp; I were  lucky enough to meet Phil backstage last year &amp; even had a photo taken  with him.  It was the best concert I have ever been to.  I can hardly wait  to get your C.D. &quot;Hits by Phil Colllins&quot;.  Keep up the great  work!
B000002LOE|2.0|It's shameful but not surprising that the album that sent R.E.M. into the  pop stratosphere was their weakest effort to date.  &quot;Radio Song&quot;  is an inept, embarrassing attempt to slow the band's suddenly plummeting  hipster credibility by teaming up with a hip-hop artist.  &quot;Losing My  Religion&quot; is one of the most overplayed and overrated singles ever  (and it's STILL overplayed in 1998 - I can only hope I still won't be  hearing Matchbox 20's &quot;3 AM&quot; ad nauseum in 2005).  The rest of  the songs are similarly mediocre, especially the bland  &quot;Texarkana,&quot; sung by Mike Mills in his flat, nasal voice.   &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; was probably palmed off as a satire of gooey  bubblegum pop tunes, but the result is anything but satirical or clever -  it's just cloying and irritating.  The only high point is &quot;Me In  Honey,&quot; on which Michael Stipe duets with Kate Pierson to wonderful  effect.  R.E.M. would rebound a year later with &quot;Automatic For The  People,&quot; one of their finest records, but &quot;Out Of Time&quot;  marks the beginning of an overall downward slide in the quality of their  work.  Now that Bill Berry has left the band, I've pretty much lost  interest entirely.  His departure should have been an indication to the  rest of the band members that it is time to go do something else.
B00000AFFF|1.0|This is a major disappointment.  I would rather listen to fingernails  running down a chalkboard than hear this entire album (I cannot make it  past the first 4 songs).  Not only is this clearly the worst album he has  ever put out, this may be among the worst albums I have ever heard.  All  this from the man who started his career by awakening us just when we  thought rock was dead.  After listening to this (or as much as I could  stomach), now  I am beginning to believe it is.
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna knows where it's at! She grooves and she moves you.  I love EVERY  song on the album.  Esp. &quot;The Power of Goodbye&quot;!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Ok Computer is by far the most important album of the past two decades and  most likely will remain the most imporant for another decade. I say this  because it comes during a time when rock music is largely stagnant and  boring. Ok Computer does not revive or emulate any previous music style but  creates a fresh, innovative and most importantly complex sound. Albums that  it has been compared to,(like Dark Side or Sgt. Pepper's)may be just as  musically profound, but in the context of their times, there was a lot of  excellant music being created. Radiohead has created something more  monumental here. It stands out as a glimmer hope. There is still some new  music worth listening to.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Alanis is overrated. The whole world will find this out on Tuesday. (I  already have- being a radio DJ is great, ain't it?) She cannot sing, she  cannot play an instrument- all she can do is scream (and give us big  headaches). Sorry, but you'll see what I mean. She's just another Top 40  act who means nothing to music in the long run. I would give her 0 stars if  I could.
B0000047EC|5.0|A gorgeous album.  Haden and Metheny work their magic on bass and guitar.   Sentimental without being sappy.  Sad while being happy.  An American  Treasure.  more more more please!
B000002H8F|5.0|This is one of the best pop albums of all time.  Amazing guitar riffs,  Black Francis' snarling vocalizing, Kate Deal's ethereal background vocals.   You are not a true fan of the eighties if you do not own this album.  As a  woman,it's the best album for when you feel like committing indiscriminate  violence.
0452277752|5.0|This is truly a masterpice.That alone would be a fitting review of this  book,but I will expand on that.First off of the 4 stories Rage was pehaps  the best,followed closely by The long walk.If you have read more recent  Stephen King novels and not this, do yourself a favor and read this earlier  work from the master.It truly is a book that you cant put down.
B00000D9TK|5.0|I don't understand a word of French, but the raw emotion of this album  abolishes the need to do so. Celine's work with Jean Jauque Goldman has   more rock feel than her English work, which makes listening to her French  work an expierience in itself. Goldman is a talented composer with a knack  for finding catchy guitar rythems,blending them with Celine's magnificent  voice is a superb combination. &quot;S'il Suffisait D'Amier&quot; is a  great album the shows what a versitle and talented woman Ms. Dion is.
B000002AT6|5.0|This is the heavy stuff.  The music with the movie just matches perfectly.  It helps you to forget about the busy life and think.......
B000000WFF|3.0|My 10 year old and her friends love these sassy cockney girls; I guess I  do too.  Why? Because they are fun, silly and their concert rocked!  I am a  40 year old mother who occasionally turns this CD on while I clean the  house...the beat is great, especially &quot;Spice Up Your Life.&quot;   Okay, so I even learned the choregraphy. YIKES.  &quot;Generation  Next&quot; is pretty good, too.  People tell me I look exactly like the  now-departed Ginger Spice...so I ask you, since I know the lyrics, and have  thighs that jiggle just like theirs, tell me where to sign up!
B000002UAU|5.0|This is on the top of my favorite albums list.  I can still listen to this  album over and over again and continue to enjoy it.  A true work of art,  and a must have album for anyone seriously interested in music.  The  Beatles at the peak of their creativity.
0060976624|4.0|Excellent read ... had me laughing out loud in an airplane where most  others were hard at work on their pc's ... light but enjoyable
B000001F2H|4.0|Hearing Clapton play on Hideaway is worth the price of addmission alone.  Everything past that is gravy and there's enough gravy to float her  majesty's fleet. This albumn is over thirty years old and holds up well  against any current blues or pop offering. In addition to Clapton, Mayall's  vocals and harmonica work standout. A top notch rythm core anchor by  Fleetwood's John Mcvie round out a great band on an excellant record.
0449911357|5.0|I was fortunate to stumble across this book before the movie came out... I  read it on vacation, sat on the beach, laughing out loud... then crying...  and always loving it... one of my all-time favorite books ever!!!  The book  gives you so much more than the movie in terms of depth of character, etc.  Don't miss it!
B00000AFFF|5.0|Sure, it's dark and depressing at times in an  our-romance-crashed-and-burned-now-let's-reflect-upon-it sort of way...but  Costello &amp; Bacharach pull it off with such brilliance that it will  bring you to tears for the shear beauty of the music &amp; lyrics.  You  will fall in love with this album.  Your friends will wonder where you are  when you just can't seem to break away to answer the phone.  Forget any  preconceived notions about these two collaborators, these two arteurs, and  marvel at each track...each tiny masterpiece.
0804106304|4.0|After looking at the number of other reviews, I doubt anyone will get this  far. Also, I'll make brief comments separated by a return to save reader's  eyes.Amy Tan is a good story-teller, but the language usage and style isn't  as eloquent as it could be.All men, and as a matter of fact, all characters  are portrayed as having weaknesses. The caucasian male who marries one of  the older Chinese women and does the speaking for her is an example. Is  this any better than physically binding a woman?The Joy Luck Club  compliments Tienanmen Square, Iron and Silk, the Rape of Nanking, and Wild  Swans for those trying to get a picture of contemporary China.It should be  described as Chinese-American literature rather than Chinese literature.As  a student of Asian studies with knowledge of Asian thought, this book hits  the nail on the head in its portrayal of China as dynastic country where  everything &quot;old&quot; is periodically destroyed for a &quot;new and  better&quot; way and the victims manage to survive anyway.
0399143904|1.0|Maybe Clancy was trying to raise cash to lay down for a football team,  maybe he wants to earn enough money for a Presidential bid someday. Maybe  he was writing for Television. Who knows why he wrote and published this  work? In the ideal world a Publisher would have done the right thing and  trashed this gratuitious quick cash maker. It was predictable. It was  boring. It reminded me of a cheap movie. It was nothing like what made him  great and his books highly anticipated. I can wait for the next one because  even I could have written this one.
0553573411|5.0|One of the best new voices in Fantasy. Can't wait for the next series.
0790733226|5.0|Most movies are mindless and brainless when it comes to plot and  characters and ideas.  This movie has absolutely flawless acting by Jodie  Foster (the best actress, not to mention one of the most beautiful in  Hollywood.  She also deserved that oscar hands-down), flawless direction by  Zemeckis and brilliant effects.  Not only is it immensly entertaining, but  it will make you think.  A real film for adults.     END
B000002UEB|5.0|Never been much of a ryche fan. This album, however, was inspired by the  gods themselves
B000001ESF|5.0|This recording is a must for any rock fan.The music will impress you  almost as much as the story. Moving and thought provoking. If I could only  have one CD,here it is.
B000002BYD|5.0|PJ has done it again.  This album is friggin amazing. There is such a  variety of music on this album.  Hard core tracks like &quot;Brain of  J&quot; and &quot;Dothe Evolution&quot; long ballads like &quot;In  Hiding&quot;(one of their best songs) and &quot;Faithfull&quot;.  &quot;All  Those Yesterdays&quot; is pure genieus and to top that off there is still  &quot;No Way&quot; and &quot;Low Light&quot;.  The lyrics are exquisite,  hell everything about this album is better than anything else that has come  out this year.  For more cool stuff from &quot;Yield&quot;, check out their  home video &quot;Single Video Theroy&quot;, the preformance of &quot;Given  to Fly&quot; is unforgetable.
B0000027RL|5.0|If there was one band that could sum up the 90's, it would be Pearl Jam,  and their best work is found on this album.  There is not one lousy song on  this album.  It consists of great guitar playing, huge amounts of energy,  and great lyrics.  Weather it's &quot;Oceans&quot;, &quot;Even Flow&quot;  or Jeremy you're listening to, you can't go wrong with this CD.  It's quite  possibly the &quot;Spokes CD&quot; for the 1990's. I listen to parts of  this CD every day.  i think it helps he think better.  The live album  should be great also.
B000002J3W|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF MY VERY FAVORITE HARD ROCK CDS OF ALL TIME. THE RIFFS ARE  VERY ORIGINAL AND SO AWESOME. BOB ROCK IS A GREAT PRODUCER AND THIS IS A  KICK BUTT CD!
B000001FCB|5.0|Brazilian greatest composer and brazilian greatest singer ever. That's  just what you will hear in this CD. Maybe it will change your life or make  you want to apreciate it more. That's what happened to me.
0553573403|5.0|This book was the best I have read in a long time.In a world where Tolkien  reigned supreme, there is finally a new leader in the fantasy world, and  his name is Martin!!! In contrast to Anthony's Xanth, which has been drawn  out far too long, A Game of Thrones is a fresh look at a new world with new  and interesting characters and a plot that keeps one spellbound. I picked  up this book dubiously, thinking &quot;Here we go Again&quot;, but this one  kept me locked to my chair until I was done.  This book beat out Goodkind's  series barely. This selection has a better plot, many new characters, and a  more &quot;earthly&quot; feel, created by the author. Let us just hope that  the rest of this series performs at the level this one did. E-mail me if  you want to compare reviews...
B000002GJH|5.0|chris cornell and eddie did a good job!! the combonation of the 2 greatest  bands  come together for the best group and album ever!!!! cheers to hunger  strike and all  of the other songs! i wish that they would  of made more  albums!! bobvader
B000000HTO|4.0|This is the second album of Van der Graaf Generator's 1975-1978  &quot;comeback&quot; phase.  While it exemplifies the intricacies of  mid-70s progressive rock, it nevertheless &quot;hooks&quot; the listener at  several points.<br />&quot;Pilgrims&quot; suggests a sequel to  &quot;Refugees&quot; (from their earlier album &quot;The Least We Can Do Is  Wave To Each Other&quot;), while &quot;Still Life&quot; and &quot;Childlike  Faith&quot; are startling (at least to the uninitiated) in their stark  imagery.  &quot;My Room&quot; witnesses vocalist Peter Hammill exploring  his lower register with a minimalist instrumental backdrop.  And finally,  &quot;La Rossa&quot; (this reviewer's favourite track) combines aggressive  and catchy instrumentation with extreme vocals (some of them in the form of  bone-chilling screams) and lyrics which will strike a chord in all too many  listeners.<br />If you enjoy sophisticated lyrics, marvelous performances on  organs and saxophones, or progressive rock in general, you'll enjoy  &quot;Still Life&quot;.  Like most fine progressive albums, it's not the  greatest thing at the first listening, but it insists you listen again, and  again, and reveals itself further each time.
0553213105|5.0|When I picked up Jane Austen's &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; at a local  bookstore,I had NO idea of what the book was about,and had no clue tht I  would absolutely fall in love it.Jane Austen makes  Elizabeth come  alive,and made me admire the kind of writing skills that can capitivate  readers 200 years later,and leave the readers wanting more!
B000002N2Z|5.0|Listening to this album is like brushing your teeth with steel wool
006097625X|5.0|After reading this book, I wanted to contact Scott McCloud to thank him  profusely for providing such an incredible analysis of comics. I thought  about how best to describe my opinion of it and the best I could come up  with was &quot;wow&quot;. No capitalization. No punctuation. Just a word  balloon that takes up 2/3 of a comic panel with three small letters  floating conspicuously by themselves. &quot;wow&quot; This is the best book  on the medium, bar none.<br />-- SKleefeld
B00000AFDW|4.0|my name is Steven.i'm from New York City. My two words for this &quot;KISS  are GREAT&quot;..after 25 years..of ROCKING..man..People are whining KISS  are old..HEll NO!! they are rock all those so called heavy bands. i've been  Kiss fan since i was 16..years.
B00000DGUG|3.0|Took the wife and two teenage daughters to see Alanis at the Warfield  Theater in San Francisco on the 12th of this month.Two encores and a great  show.I think she fell kinda deep into that George Harrison Bangladesh thing  on this cd.Suprised she did'nt start playing a sitar.
0399143904|1.0|This book is typical Clancy; written as if he has been paid by the word.   Disjointed, hard to follow plot, brings in names and then changes them in  middle of story.  It is about a group of men who come together and are  involved in a number of various plots.  Nothing seems to fit.  A real waste  of time.
0345363132|5.0|I loved this book. I also think Penman's focus on minor characters such as  Veronique and Francis, Hugh and Caitlin (from the Reckoning)and Ranulf and  Rhiannon humanise her writing. These characters are not great kings or  warriors but just observers and as we see history unfold through their eyes  it becomes more real to us.
0399143904|2.0|I've always enjoyed Clancy, because he usually taught me something in a  suspenseful, quick moving story.  Yeah, it was apparant his political view  wasn't quite mine; but, hey, he often made a good case for the other POV.   Until now.  Clancy has absolutely no understanding of environmental  concerns.  Equating them with druads and cultish religious fringes is pure  nonsense.  Its the author who sounds like a &quot;bomb hugging&quot; nut.   Clancy has lost his credibility, which was barely floating after Executive  Orders, anyway.
0876855583|5.0|The best sociological and psychological account of growing up in Hollywood  fiction has ever produced. Charles Bukowski at his best.<br />Ham On Rye by  Charle Bukowski ISBN: 0876855583
0887307876|5.0|My wife gave me this book when it first came out in hardcover. At the time  I worked in a cubicle for a large international corporation and had a boss  we all called &quot;Meathead.&quot; I told my wife, &quot;Thanks, but I  don't want to read this book. It looks too cynical and depressing. Please  see if you can return it.&quot;<br /> I now run my own company from an office  with a view of trees and deer. A few weeks ago a vendor trying to get my  business gave me a free copy of this book, so I read it.<br /> Now I can see  that The Dilbert Principle is hilarious and insightful.
0451191153|5.0|In the world of &quot;The Fountainhead,&quot; unlike the world in which we  live, it is impossible to hide.  This quality has made the novel both so  admired and so despised.  Is it too long?  Probably.  Is it merely Rand's  soapbox from which she can dispense her thoroughly unrealistic expectations  that she demands from humankind?  Absolutely.  And yet, in spite of this,  the writing succeeds.  It remains eloquent, but like Roark's buildings, it  is not ornate.  She writes simply and concisely, which sounds strange to  say, in light of the fact that the novel is over 600 pages.  True, many of  the additional pages are repetitive, but no one can deny that her point was  lost.  This book has made me examine myself and my motives, and still  continues to do so.  I think it is a mistake to try to &quot;be&quot;  Howard Roark, or worse, to measure yourself against him; some of the  previous reviews seemed to be implying this in their unabashed praise.  As  readers, I think that it is our responsibility (if we defend what Rand  writes about) to choose the path that most suits us, that allows us to take  those steps toward self-actualization, and from there, we will come to  understand the almost inhuman steadfastedness to principle that Roark  exhibits.  The book is brilliant.  It is over fifty years old, and still  gaining in popularity, but that is not why you should read it.  You should  read it to gain a new understanding of life - your own.
B000002JPA|5.0|If it were possible, this album should be given at least a million and a  half stars. There is so much I could say about this album that could be  said in much more tan 1,000 words.  Dream Theater's &quot;Images and  Words&quot; is an 8-song, 60-minute journey through great melodies, complex  time changes, and awesome guitar, bass, drums, and keyboard fills.   &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; is one of the few songs of the decade that can be  considered above the norm. This song displays some awesome meldodies, and  those parts where they switch into double time were spectacualar.  &quot;Another Day&quot; was not my favorite song, but should be noted for  it's beautiful balladness (if that is a word). &quot;Take the Time&quot;  almost seemed like a major-key version of &quot;Pull Me Under&quot;, and  some kicka$$ 12/8 measures at the beginning. &quot;Surrounded&quot; was  another nice ballad, and a cool keyboard riff. Now, &quot;Metroplis 1: The  Miracle and the Sleeper&quot;, there's a song you can set your watch to.  There's a kinda ambient beggining, then all of a sudden rips into a string  of guitar licks and cruches that'll blow anyone away. After about 4  minutes, it changes speed and goes into a long instrumental part it pretty  much defines the word &quot;progressive rock&quot;.  After that song comes  the heavy 6/4 measured &quot;Under a Glass Moon&quot;. This song is intense  also, and has some riffs that are some of the universe's greatest. After  that come the slow piano-soloed &quot;Wait for Sleep&quot; that is very  involved. This song is only about 2 minutes long. Then comes the finale  &quot;Learning to Live&quot;, that is truly a pure work of art. This is one  of their most melodic and beautiful songs ever. Little snippets of  &quot;Wait for Sleep&quot; are placed within the song, which makes it sound  like this whole album is one symphony. Well, I'm sure by now you're sick of  reading so I'll just go. But if you are a living human being who has about  15bucks, go out and by this album. IT IS YOU DESTINY!!!
B000002WU9|5.0|This album is packed with chunky beats and hot lyrics. Raekwon doesn't  just rap over back beats, he paints a picture, and like all Wu-Tang albums,  &quot;Only Built For...&quot; keeps it extremely real. There's not a bad  song on the whole CD, Incarcerated Scarfaces, Rainy Days,  Criminology,Wu-Gambinos, etc. is on constant repeat in my deck. Raekwon's  flows are flawless, there's not a wasted word and every available space is  jammed with fat tracks.
0312962118|5.0|I was entranced by Meade!  One of the reasons I enjoyed this book so much,  is that it is not writen like every other thriller!  Meade varried from the  &quot;normal&quot; plot line and writing style of most thrillers from this  genre and I think it paid off.  It appears to me from reading the reviews  posted here that you either love it or hate it...there is no inbetween.  If  you are looking for a book that follows all of the typical spy novel  rules...then SNOW WOLF is not for you.  If you are willing to read a  different type of intrigue that does not include super-human spies and  every cliche imaginable that also requires a deeper mental ability, then  this is the book for you!
B000002BBY|5.0|I'm love this cd. It's probably my favorite cd. Those people who say that  Oasis' lyrics don't make any sense are about as smart as my friend who  likes to bang his against solid metal objects. The lyrics have a very deep  meaning. Those people who say there just wanna be Beatles they're insane. I  love the Beatles too. And they are very different. Buy the cd it's awsome.
B000000OPU|5.0|As a drummer and singer, it doesn't get any better than this.  The great  drums on That Voice Again.  The harmonies on Don't Give Up and Mercy  Street.  This CD is up there with Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road, and Dark Side Of  The Moon.  After thinking every song is the best song on the CD, I have  decided that the very best is Mercy Street.  If you don't like this CD, you  have no clue of pop music.
B000000OUJ|5.0|Liquid Swords not only contains the hardest hitting Wu-Tang beats,but it  also provides vivid lyrical images. The Gza is not afraid to bring it to  the listener in purest form. For those who believe hip-hop is drowning in  exaggerated &quot;playa&quot; rap and the age of emcees is dead, check out  the Gza's solo album. It may not be the latest title on the rack but it is  the best Wu-Tang solo album ever, and should be used as a model for all  aspiring emcees.
0399143904|1.0|It is hard to believe that such a gifted writer as Clancy could produce  something like this book. Premise is absolutely unbelievable, many of the  characters are shallow, political statement is stupid. Unfortunate that  paper had to be wasted to produce this book! What is his publisher  thinking?
B0000025DV|5.0|Out Of the Blue is almost a perfect CD. All of the songs are great.  You  must listen to the stretch of songs beginning with Believe Me Now thru Mr.  Blue Sky with headphones.  ELO sounds like the Beatles, Pink Floyd, Bee  Gees, etc.  Typical great British melodies and words.  I listened to the  8-track in college in the 1980's over and over again while doing homework  for four years.  If I could only own 10 CDs for the rest of my life, this  would be one of them.
B000002BQK|4.0|Well, I bought this album, a few months ago, and I have seen a huge  transition. I really LOVED it!!  The new beat and new style is great! I  hope to see more like this. Oh yeah, four stars only because some songs  like BabyDoll,and The Beautiful Ones bored me.
B000002J2F|5.0|Opening with one of the greatest progressive rock opuses, &quot;Behind The  Lines&quot;, Duke takes the listener on a rollercoaster journey of moods,  emotions, and musical styles that leave you breathless. This is one of  art-rock's landmark albums, because it showed that rock music could be  intelligent, sophisticated and challenging while at the same time remaining  accessible to a casual listener. I highly recommend this album, it is  absolutely fantastic.
B00000AFDW|5.0|Welcome to the show,KISS have out done themselves yet again.This album is  classic KISS and more.The songs range from fist pumping rockers(Psycho  Circus,Within',You Wanted The Best),to the softer songs that give you a  chill when first hearing them(We Are One and I Finally Found My Way).The  sonic sound-quality also adds to the songs.This is definatly their best  sounding album to date.Then we could even talk about the CDs outstanding  artwork.It makes great use of hologram/3D type pictures that have to be  seen to be believed.Overall,this disc packs a huge punch that could knock  almost anybody out.Gene,Paul,Ace and Peter,you guys topped yourselves  again.Can't wait for the 1998-99 3D tour.(Another first for bands!!!!)
B00000DBXL|5.0|I truly believe this to be the best album that has ever come out of  America.  The magic behind Cake is being able to take a simplistic melody  and turn it into something fun and enjoyable.  John's lyrics are direct and  sarcastic at times but they always accent the music. Just when you think a  song can't get any better, a powerful trumpet carries your thoughts even  further into catharsis. This album is a superb display of all these  qualities. What really won me over with this album are the songs &quot;You  turn the screws&quot; and &quot;Mexico&quot;. My hats off to the boys for  another fine album.
B000002MY3|2.0|One strong song (\\"You Oughta Know\\") and very little else.  I bought it as  soon as it came out and stopped playing it after the first couple of weeks.  AM's voice lacks strength and her songwriting pales beside Liz Phair's.  Any of the latters records are much better.
B00000F1D3|5.0|At 52 years old, Cher has just become the oldest female ever to score a #1  single in the UK, and she did it with this great track. Produced by Junior  Vasquez, the song is an uplifting, catchy pop song that is carried along by  an infectious uptempo beat. This is Cher for the 90s. I hope this single  and album are released in the US as well, but in the meantime don't miss  the opportunity to score this history-making import.
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is an innovative alternative rock album.  The music the lyrics it all  comes together and is just an awesome sound.  Eddie Vedder is magnifcent.   Everyone should have this album in their collection.
0609603086|5.0|HAMMER OF EDEN involves hippies as bad-guys, and a woman as the FBI agent  who has to save the day. Not the most obvious elements in a thriller! Which  is why I really liked this. It is very gripping (the most gripping thriller  since Craig Furnas' THE SHAPE) and made a Californian such as myself very  nervous, since HAMMER OF EDEN deals with a potentially cataclysmic  California earthquake! I don't want to give too much away, so I won't say  any more than that. But even if you're not a Californian, I think this book  will provide you with plenty of good suspense.
0060392584|4.0|The book although interesting is out of date due to his sudden appearence  change
B0000047CW|5.0|This recording sounds good every time it is played.
B00000D9TK|5.0|This is by far Celine's best album. After owning all of her other albums  French and English this one takes the cake.  There is some understanding  that almost all of the songs are in french. (Tous les blues sont ecrits  pour toi is half-english half-french) This song however happens to be the  worst song on the CD.  It is a CD that everyone can enjoy.  Even if you  don't speak French
B0000028RR|5.0|if you want to get pumped up, this is it.  bombtrack on through you will  be able to destroy any task. the best part about it is the sincere meaning  that zach yells from unhuman lungs.  he definately means what he sings.
0671015206|5.0|How do you rate a book?  One way is by the impact it has on your life.   TMND gets my highest rating, because it is the kind of book that will  change your whole way of life (unless you're on the author's track  already).<br />After reading this book, I began dramatically increasing my  rate of savings and reducing unnecessary expenses.  I will have 5 times the  savings at the end of this year that I was on track to have before reading  TMND.  FIVE TIMES!  That's like being paid for four extra years' work in a  single year!<br />I now look at the whole concept of buying things  differently; instead of thinking that accumulating possessions is a sign of  success, I now realize it's only a hindrance to the accumulation of true  wealth and financial security.  I am on track to buy a house (no mortgage,  I mean BUY) in five years, and still have investments left over.<br />This  book will inspire you to set ambitious financial goals, and then take the  steps to reach them.  Truly inspirational, it may be the best single  investment you can make.
B000000WHH|5.0|This album, the secon of four of Culture Club, I have to say is the  best!!!  Every song is fantastic and glitters like gold.  Each song should,   Karma Chameleon went Platinum and to NUMBER ONE, and two others hit the  Top 10 chart.  Church of the Poison Mind is also terrific as well as  Victims, Miss Me Blind, and Mister Man is terrific.  Don't forget to check  out Kissing To Be Clever as well, it is also great!
B000002JNJ|5.0|This is the most intense, hard core, heavy metal album produced in a long  time.
B000002UKS|5.0|As a hard core Foo Fighters fan, I see no reason to not give the Colour  and the Shape 5,000 stars other than the fact that i can only give 5 stars.   I have listened to this album everday since I got in in August of '97.   The strange thing is, it keeps getting better and better ever time I listen  to it.  Everlong has been my favorite song for over a year and still  running, and Monkey Wrench is close behind.  This is the best album in the  history of man made by the best band in the history of man.
0399143904|4.0|I love Clancy, an Irishman after my own heart.  This book took me months  (plus reading other books in between) to finish simply because I felt like  I was slogging through the first two thirds of it.  But it was worth it!   What happens in the very end to the eco-terrorists makes it all worthwhile.   It had an ending I didn't expect, and frankly, a plot I had never  considered.  All in all, it was quite entertaining.  Clancy is a master!
B0000060NF|1.0|I did not own the original album release of &quot;What's Going On&quot;,  so I do not know what the album is supposed to sound like. When I bought  the 1998 Remaster CD release, however, all the songs had been cut up to  play continuously instead of individually. For half of the songs this works  ok, nothing is lost, but for two songs in particular--&quot;Save the  Children&quot; and &quot;God is Love&quot;--lyrics, dutifully printed in  the insert, have been cut from the end of the song. (&quot;Save&quot; loses  2 lines, &quot;God&quot; loses a whole stanza.) You may want to look into a  different edition of this fantastic album.
0380778556|5.0|I had always heard that &quot;Rebecca&quot; was a wonderful piece of literature and had thought about reading it &quot;someday.&quot;  Then one day I picked it up at the bookstore and fell hopelessly in love.  It was  far beyond my expectations.  Heartwrenchingly beautiful and elegant, I  understand why it is a classic.  Though it starts a bit slow it only gets  better and better until the abrupt ending that makes you gasp!
B000002L5P|5.0|This takes a few listens, but it's quite brilliant once you warm to it.  I don't know; Morrissey and Johnny Marr always wanted the Smiths to be a 'singles group,' but to me, NONE of their songs seem immediate enough to make good singles.  This album isn't perfect. Some of the songs--I Don't Owe You Anything, You've Got Everything Now, What Difference Does it Make?--sound kind of interchangable, but there's some great stuff here.  Suffer Little Children is the best track, magnificently sad and gorgeous.  It's about the infamous Moors Murders perpetrated by Ian Brady and Myra Hindley in '60s Manchester where Morrissey was growing up, and it's quite possibly my favourite Smiths song, featuring the unforgettable &quot;Manchester/So much to answer for&quot; refrain.  And then there's Reel Around the Fountain and The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, two of the three songs (the other being Handsome Devil) that causes loads of controversy...However, no topic is ever given a &quot;typical&quot; treatment by Morrissey, and it's a very affecting song, especially if you know the connotations. Elsewhere on the album we have Miserable Lie and Pretty Girls Make Graves; both somewhat lighter songs, they're also quite good.  Critisism-wise, Joyce's drumming isn't very refined at this point and can become a bit intrusive, and, as I noted before, there's an air of sameness about some of the songs, but overall, this is a brilliant piece of music--buy it.
B000002NJS|5.0|Defintely a change from Madonna's bubblegum pop. I bought this CD the week  it hit the shelves and haven't tired of it yet. The eclectic mix of pop,  quasi-rave, and world beats on this CD leave me waiting to see if she can  do it again.
B000002LKF|5.0|This cd is full of beautiful songs, the Coast being the best and enough  reason to buy it.
B000002AH7|5.0|Miles Davis innovated jazz five times in his life time.  His amount of  innovation and work can be compared with Mozart's work in classical.  This  Sketches of Spain work is one of the five innovations.
0140182829|5.0|I remembered this book for many years, largely because of the Edward Gorey cover on the paperback edition at my local library.  Finally, I gave in and read it just out of curiosity.  I was well rewarded.  It's a very strange  and wonderful book -- I've read it twice and I know I'll read it again in  time.  There was also a film version... anyone out there seen it?
0767811046|4.0|This is a very interesting video.  On the surface, a good, bloody, gory  action flick, and underneath, a very strong social commentary on class  distinctions.     END
B000002B1M|3.0|I'm extremely disappointed in this sophmore album by Nas. He had potential  to be in the top 3 of illest MCs of all time. The last time he wrote some  dope rhymes was in &quot;Verbal Intercourse&quot;. He does have some gems  on this album no doubt. But he fell of Queensbridge and hit his head hard.  Now a new era is born of Nas Escobar, which is the personification of  wackness.
0671004107|5.0|This is one of my favorite books. I did think it started out a little slow  but once the message was recieved the book really took off. This is a  beautiful story and Carl Sagan once again inspires me with his hopeful  writing. His vision of the universe, shared with us, is a beautiful and  optimistic one. The writing may be a little dry at times but the message is  worth the wait. This book remains on my &quot;favorites&quot; shelf and on  my list of books to recommend.
0399143904|1.0|I couldn't wait for this book as I love Clancy.  But I have to say, this  is THE single most disappointing book I've read with the possible exception  of Lost World.  I rank it last of all Clancy's novels.  The sad thing is  that it focuses on my two favorite Clancy characters, John Clark and Ding  Chavez.  But this book doesn't &quot;grow&quot; them as characters in my  mind.  The action sequences don't integrate into the total plot as they  have done in Clancy's other efforts - in Rainbow, we have a lot of  shoot-em-up action simply for action's sake.  When I want action for  action's sake, I'll get it from a book that has fewer than 700 pages!   Sorry, Tom - I own all your other books in hardback and have re-read each  of them at least 3 times - I'll never read Rainbow again.  If you're not a  die-hard Clancy fan, don't bother with this one (and even die-hards won't  get much entertainment our of it).  Instead, pick up Stephen Hunter's Bob  the Nailer series - Point of Impact, Black Light, and the new hardback Time  To Hunt.
B00000DGUY|5.0|I bought the 2-CD version, and I must say the live from Royal Albert Hall  is the best ever released by Dire Straits. The Sultans of Swing-track just  rocks, and at more than 13 mins, you don't get that fadeout that you get on  the studio-version. Just brilliant. I can recommend it to anyone.
B000002C4J|3.0|Celine Dion is a great singer. This album definatly shows off her voice.   Duets with the Bee- Gees and Barbra Streisand, and the famous theme from  Titanic, My Heart Will Go On.  If your a Celine Dion fan, buy it. If not,  don't bother.
0804102988|3.0|What struck me most about this book is the author's premise of the  strength of genetic traits.  The Forest-Wilson family, decended from the  original people of Sarum, retain physical attributes and character traits  over an 8,000+ year period. They are portrayed as thieves and womanizers in  various epochs of the tale.  Likewise the Mason family retains their short  stature and craftmanship ability.  This is an interesting premise--but  true?  I know this is a work of historical-fiction in the latter half and  pure speculation in the former, but it is entertaining.  Thank goodness for  the &quot;family tree&quot; at the front of the book.  It was difficult for  me to keep up with the families over the 1,000+ pages.  From the aspect of  writing style, I much preferred The Pillars of the Earth.
B000001EAQ|5.0|A nice follow up to Zooropa. Once again U2 keeps things interesting. Once  you get past catchy Discoteche and Staring at the Sun, you'll find an album  not unlike Achtung Baby. Some people may cry &quot;too techno&quot; but  songs like Last Night on Earth and Gone could have been ripped right off  earlier albums. I wish that they would have dived a little deeper into the  electronic spiral.  I think Mofo and Playboy Mansion were right on the  mark.  All in all, a good album and if ever the world's biggest stadium  band could ever get underrated, this was it.  Please check out the album,  you won't be disappointed.
B000000H5K|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE HEAVIEST, MOST BRUTAL CD'S I'VE EVER HEARD. IT'S  CERTAINLY NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART. IT MAKES ME WANT TO SLAM AGAINST A  WALL OR SOMETHING EVERYTIME I HEAR IT. THIS CD IS JUST AMAZING. MAX  CAVALERA RULES! ALSO CHECK OUT HIS NEW BAND SOULFLY!
B000002MG1|3.0|Funny, but it was &quot;New Orleans Instrumental&quot; which compelled me  to buy this disc, utterly unheard otherwise, while I was browsing my local  music store. It remains my favorite cut from the album.
0345409671|1.0|Believers and nonbelievers alike will have reason to hate this book....it's essentially a bad, lengthy religious pamphlet.<br />Stuff several hundred pages of pseudo-pop-theological babbling into the mouth of a much-beloved, well-crafted character that (apparently) the AUTHOR doesn't know anymore, and you have this sorry, pathetic, sophomoric excuse for a &quot;vampire chronicle.&quot;  END
0684830515|5.0|Many of the reviews I've read of The Sun Aslo Rises complain that it is lacking in plot.  When reading Hemingway, it is more important to focus on the theme; why did Hemingway write this book?  What is he trying to say?   It seems to me that Hemingway is focusing on a basic range of emotions with  the essence of the book being that poeple are so limited by what they  consider appropriate in  relationships.  Jake and Brett can not have a  romantic relationship due to Jake's injury however, they have all of the  emotion and commitment necessary to have a successful union.  Brett becomes  physically intimate with several people in the novel, yet she is not  emotionally intimate with any of them.  Jake, on the other hand, is  emotionally intimate with many characters including Bill, and the inn  keeper in Pamplona although he can not enjoy physical intimacy.  I believe  that Hemingway is demonstrating the difficulties involved in forming  complete and healthy relationships in life.  Readers who appriciate this  book understand that Hemingway's purpose is not to entertain, although he  does so artfully, but to force an examination of our own lives.  The  closing scene in the novel just wrenches my heart as it would anyone's who  has ever been close to having everything in life, but has just one  impossible obsticle denying their dream.
B000000OF6|5.0|Fantastic; music that'll blow your mind and curdle your blood then market  it in four different brands at Price Chopper.  I was able to listen to the  CDs for four months without succumbing to Queenmania, even then I  recognized good musicianship and instrumentalists when I heard them.  Not  for nothing were Queen one of the biggest bands of their time.  Only a  handful will ever be as long-lived as they are...
0446605409|5.0|I have always enjoyed Nelson DeMille but the way he has written Plum Island is superb. It is almost a Mickey Spillane type but with humour and you cannot help but like the guy even though he is a pain in the butt most  of the time. Mr DeMille could surely write comedy after this effort. I  loved it and give it 5 stars.
B000002HRE|5.0|No matter what Metallica does they will always rock.  For all those fans  who say that Metallica sold out with Load or Re-Load. I quote, &quot;Just  because we don't play a thousand miles or that we sold out, whatever.&quot;  Cliff Burton.  Reload has some of best riffs that around, the way they have  been to build their talents over the years is remarkable.  I have been  listening since about 1988, and will never stop.  Metallica will rock on  forever.
0399143904|1.0|Clancy has hit a new low. I would have given this book no stars if I was  allowed to. Good seemed to overcome evil all to easily in this weak plot.  The book became boring at about the second sentence. Sorry, but it appears  that Tom Clancy has used up all the orginal material he once had and is now  producing mass print like this book.
B0000024SI|5.0|Real insightful music commentary, pal.  &quot;Dylan can't sing&quot; is  right up there with &quot;Thelonious Monk can't play the piano.&quot;
0345409671|1.0|I read Interview With The Vampire long before anyone else had even noticed  this book.  Then I read all of the sequels as they came about and for the  most part enjoyed them immensely.  Not so with this book.<br />I could easily  have read the first 50 pages and the last 50 pages and gotten the jest of  the story.  Everything else in there was just drivel!!!  Not only did I  find some of the content offensive, but it was boring on top of it.<br />If  Anne Rice wishes to write a book about her views on religion, then maybe  she should just write one and not disguise it under the guise of one of her  Vampire Chronicles.<br />This book was really a waste of time.  If you're only  reason for reading this book is to find out what happens between &quot;Body  Thief&quot; and &quot;Pandora&quot; or &quot;Armand&quot;, then just read  the very beginning and the very end.  The rest of the book will put you to  sleep.<br />Luckily, for all us Vampire fans, Anne Rice went back to her old  formula for the next two books.  I hope she keeps it that way.
0671886231|5.0|I was thrilled with this book.  Prior to reading it, I had already  determined that Love was the most important thing in this world.  How it  behoves us to find common ground with our fellow human beings; to love  unconditionally; to follow Christ's teachings; and to trust God to bring it  to pass.  I was similarly moved by My Awakening Heart and I want to share  both books with everyone I know and love.
0345350472|5.0|This is a fascinating and thought provoking science-fiction novel.  The  movie is also great, but the two are very different.  In the book we take a  closer look at synthetic life-forms and a pseudo-religion aired over the  broadcast network of the future.  A bit like televangelists?  This  philosophical bent we really don't get much of in the film.  You also learn  a little more about the androids' thoughts and their motivations.  A great  brain-stimulating page turner!
0553212478|5.0|Shelly's use of words and imagery, in this classic book, allows the reader  to feel and see the intense relationship between creator and monster.  It's  a mood of anger, sorrow, and outrage.  The details of the chase for revenge  are strong enough that the reader is scared for humanity, but feels sorrow  for the hideous monster.  This book is my personal favorite.  Shelly makes  this a romantic battle of wits till the end.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill-<br />Finally a TRUE singer - there is nothing NASAL about Lauryn  Hill.  She is Wise, Beautiful, Spiritual and Blessed.  What an Excellent  Project - some songs remind me of Stevie Wonder's Song In the Key of Life -  powerful lyrics!  Buy 2, one for the car, one for the office!
B000002E5J|5.0|Shakira es definitivamente una de las mejores, y me animo a decir que la  mejor artista femenina en su genero. Su musica es atrapante e intensa, y  sus letras son increblemente profundas. Tiene canciones rockeras y tambien  baladas, que estan muy bien elaboradas. Esta artista, a pesar de su  juventud, ha demostrado un gran profesionalismo con este disco, y tambien  se ve que es una persona que sabe expresar muy bien sus sentimientos.  Este  es un disco que contiene canciones como &quot;estoy aqui&quot;, &quot;un  poco de amor&quot;, &quot;pies descalzos, sueos blancos&quot;, &quot;se  quiere, se mata&quot;, que no pueden dejar de escucharse. Si eres un fan de  la msica rock-pop, este es un album que no puedes dejar pasar.  Definitivamente se va a convertir en uno de los clsicos de la msica en  espaol de los noventas.
0802130208|5.0|Having lived in New Orleans at one time, I have a great appreciation for the humor, dialect, etc. that makes this book extra extra special, funny, and all-consuming.  For the people who did not find this 4 or more stars:  visit New Orleans (because anyone who has ever spent more than 2 days with  &quot;locals&quot; totally understands this book. And no, it's not the same  if you're a &quot;tourist&quot; and your only experience with Louisiana is  via a hotel chain). If you haven't been to New Orleans, will you find this  book great/funny/well-written?  Yes; open up your mind and let John Kennedy  Toole lead you on the most colorful journey of your life!
0792151712|3.0|People who get worked up in either direction miss the point -- Titanic is  an average, underwritten, overfinanced, Hollywood epic, only more so. END
B000002LFU|2.0|This is a very lackluster album.  R.E.M. started sinking into mediocrity  with this album, and the trend has continued to this date, through Out Of  Time, Automatic For The People (NOT NEARLY as good as people seem to think  it is, in my opinion), the awful Monster, New Adventures in Hi-Fi, and now  the new album Up.  This used to be my absolute favorite band.  Now, I can  hardly listen to them.  What a fall....
B000002A33|5.0|This is a mature and rocking album. &quot;Dying Days&quot; recalls Led  Zeppelin. The Mellatron (or is it organ?) in &quot;Sworn and Broken&quot;  is absolutely beautiful. The Trees also don't make the mistake of overdoing  the diverse influences. They make an excellent balance. Also, &quot;All I  Know,&quot; &quot;Witness,&quot; &quot;Look at You,&quot; and &quot;Make My  Mind&quot; are all terrific. Buy this album!
B000002A6O|5.0|Clearly, this is music that you eather love or hate. Personaly I love it.  It's given me feelings about music I never understood before. Even though I  didn't grow up in the states in the seventies I still enjoy the lyrics  since they're so visual and could really make a stunning film. Bat Out of  hell is by far my favourite song of all times and I listen to it several  times a week since a few years back when I first bought the record. It's  both sensitive and powerful at the same time making it very varied.  Strangely enough, I havn't met anyone who likes Meat Loaf even though he  sold so many records.
B000002L9J|5.0|A fantastic effort that is a must for any music collection. The album is  overflowing with great hits. From the witty word play of &quot;Bigmouth  Strikes Again,&quot; to the satirical commentary of the first track on the  state of mid-80's England's obsession with the Royals, to the ode to the  Sun-era Elvis on &quot;Vicar In A Tutu.&quot;  As with any classic album  the main ingredient is present: the amalgamation of two musically polar  opposites.  If you don't believe me, then listen to &quot;There is a  Light...&quot; and you'll see the two titans Morrissy/Marr collide and  converge into a majestic song.  Buy this album, you won't be disappointed.
0140277447|5.0|The veneer of civilization is striped bare in this phenomenally sad book; it can't be read without crying out to the better angels that sometimes abandon mankind.  How could this outrage happen, and then be forgotten?   And have we learned anything with the ongoing slaughter of innocents in  former Yugoslavia?  This book should be mandatory reading in all history  classes worldwide.  Perhaps a sense of shame can be found in all of us, and  we can repent.  But until the world owns up to its horrors, we are  condemned to fail again &amp; again.
B000002JEV|4.0|The CD was great, but the quality was somewhat insufficient.  Classic  songs on this CD.
B00000DC4A|5.0|After the good-but-not-great, overproduced syntho- pop of 18 &quot;til I  Die, this excellent effort  emphasizes   melody and playability over  slickness. The first three tracks are very strong and there are only 2 real  losers here, If I Had You and I,m A  Liar. Getaway and Before The Night Is  Over are the standouts on a very satisfying CD. Nice job, Bryan
0140072187|5.0|An incredible read, makes you feel you are there.  It's a thriller, with the added fact that it really happened. I also recommend the sequel, &quot;Chickenhawk: Back in the World&quot;, and his fiction books,  &quot;Weapon&quot; and &quot;Weapon: Solo.&quot;
B0000009SM|5.0|Jazz, blues, fusion, rock, boogie, funk, humorus, complex, soothing,  scorching, just about every style and theme Frank has been accused of in  his music is here.  For those of you who have never experienced FZ beyond  the &quot;Strictly Commercial&quot; cuts, this is the album for you.<br />Of  note is Johnny Guitar Watson's (an FZ acclaimed influnce) performance on  &quot;Andy&quot;, Napoleian Murphy Brock's antic's on &quot;San  Bernadino&quot; and lovely Ruth &quot;Ruthie Baby&quot; Underwood's  xylophone acrobatics on &quot;Inca Roads&quot; (my all time favorite  cut).<br />And speaking of &quot;Inca Roads&quot;, you guitar virtuoso's will  appreciate FZ's solo.  I believe this is the first appearance of the famed  &quot;Mutron III&quot; alalog guitar effects processor (a highly sought  after relec).  Even more impressive is the fact that the songs basic track  was recorded live at their KCET TV special while the guitar solo was  recorded live during his 1974 Helsinki concert.  Yet another demonstration  of his superb studio workmanship.<br />A must have.  If you can afford it, go  for the Gold release.
B000006PYU|4.0|This is not a guitar hero album. You wont find here the reason why he was  compared to Clapton in the 60s. After listening to a couple of tracks, you  get the feeling that Peter Green doesnt worries about that at all. You hear  a man having a good time, listening to the healing words of Robert Johnson.  Deep words from a deep voice. The overall feeling of the album is great;  its loose but its not improvised. Of course I wish Peter would have  played a little bit more, but after all, thats one of the main reasons I  like his playing so much; he never wastes a word.
B0000009SE|4.0|Painfully one of my favorites.  This is primarily an instrumental  collection which consist of four tracks.  The title track and &quot;Big  Swifty&quot; are two which I consider &quot;leaders in the archives&quot;.   The other two somewhat difficult to warm up to (my reason for only 4  stars).  This album is quite the departure from his previously released  satirical/humorous packages, probably a result of FZ's first experience at  involuntary confindment, being restricted to a wheelchair and therefore the  studio.<br />What warrants this album to be added to any-level FZ fan's  collection is the title cut &quot;Waka/Jawaka&quot;.  Jazzy big-band style  in a smaller band, tight and highly polished.  I find the background  melodies to be almost hypnotic while the overlaying instrumentals by Sal  Marquez, Bill Byers, Don Preston and of course FZ are a supreme richness of  constantly changing patterns (did someone say this before?).  As for drums,  this is probably Aynsley Dunbar's finist studio performance.<br />&quot;Big  Swifty&quot; is big-band masterpeice ala' Frank but you can find it on  other albums, &quot;Your Mouth&quot; is yet another social statement but is  safe enough for airplay (I found this sort of oh-hum), &quot;...One Shot  Deal&quot; has a interesting pedal steel solo but probably was included as  an excuse to showcase &quot;Sneaky Pete&quot; Kieinow (who?)in a track but  &quot;Waka&quot; is the gem where I believe FZ first shows he's truely the  serious composer and a studio master.  You have to wonder why this cut was  never released on another collection (excluding Boxed Masters of  course).<br />Buy it and enjoy.
B000001DTM|5.0|This was a complete revelation. Nobody expected this from U2, everybody  was waiting for the next Joshua Tree, and they manage to stay true to their  beliefs, with a new face. This album rocks!!! One of the top ten albums of  all time? Why not?
0399143904|3.0|Having followed Clancy through every single book published, I'd have to say that Rainbow Six is definitely not on par with the top three: Hunt for Red October, Red Storm Rising and Executive Orders. Talked to several  people who thought it was too long, but R6 doesn't even compare to RSR and  EO.<br />Predictable in many places. Still has the Techno down to a  &quot;T&quot;. Overall a decent read. Definitely not his best effort. I'd  recommend to Mr. Clancy to quit with the small stuff and do the extra work  and spend more time and effort to create the classics of before.
B000002KDG|5.0|From the moment the first note is played to the end of the album, be  prepared for a wonderful trip courtesy of Neil Young.  The first half is  acoustic and beautiful.  By the time Neil belts out, &quot;Look out  mama...&quot; to start Powderfinger, the listener is in a zone of  tranquility courtesy Neil's perfect strumming and breathtaking vocals on  the first half.  Powderfinger not only rips you out of this trance, but  send you into a rock and roll frenzy as only Neil Young can do.  This is  certainly one of his best albums, and that says something.
B00000DFSK|3.0|It's hard to imagine a best of U2 collection (even if it does focus on  just the 80s) on only one CD. I would have expected a set of two CDs, at  the least. Although this is a good overview of the band's 80s material,  there are just two many memorable tunes left out.
0399143904|2.0|This book was clearly Clancy's most dissapointing.  The only reason I gave it two stars is because it gave me something to do on two plane rides.  I was initially excited because it was focused on Clark and Ding (Without  Remorse was one of my favorite Clancy's Books).  I agree whole heartedly  with some of the other reviewers, the plot development and resolution left  me wondering if Clancy actually wrote this one. Definitely not one of his  best.
0399143904|2.0|This book did not live up to the level of good writing the other books by Clancy have achieved.
B000005JA8|5.0|This album is truly magnificent. Like most people's experiences with this  album, it rarely sounds good the first listen. It first sounds musically  atrocious, but it slowly gets better. I think thats where they got the name  &quot;Magic Band&quot; fron. It is pure magic. Dachau Blues, Ella Guru,  Moonlight on Vermont, and Sugar and Spikes are my favorites, and Veteran's  Day Poppy may have the most emotionally moving lyrics ever written. This is  a must buy for any listener willing to be amazed. It is truly rewarding.
6304362498|1.0|John Hurt ought to be ashamed for attempting to be in a movie like 1984.   This is probably the worst rendition of a book made for the screen.  1984  is too complex, too moving, and too important to make a movie out of.  The   concepts in the book are not here, first of all.  And THAT is a crime.    Next, the actors (with the exeption of Burton) plain suck.  I don't   understand why Hurt, such a talented actor, could be so awful in this   motion picture.  An insult, finally.  This movie is an insult to one of the   greatest works of literature of all times.  Lord have mercy on the souls of   those involved in the making of this film.  END
B000009QPG|5.0|This is Slayers best album , and it represents the golden age of thrash.  It is one of those classics that can be listened to over and over again  without getting sick or tired of it. It belongs on the shelf next to other  such albums as Metallica.... and Justice for all, and any of Ozzy Osbournes  earlier recordings. This album is filled with some impressive guitar  melodies, and especially mind blowing drum work courtesy of Dave Lombardo.  He is to drums what Rhandy Rhoads was to guitar.
0441003257|5.0|That title you see there....that pretty much described what happened when I first read this book.  I nearly collapsed...I skipped dinner...and I finished the whole book in one night.  That's how funny this book is!<br />And  those other guys who gave this book a bad review?  I can't say that they're  wrong or right, but I can say that they have a different sense of humor.   :P<br />And please don't compare it to Sandman or whatever else either these  authors have written before....how lame can someone be!  And yes I've read  Sandman....it's an adult comic book.  A bit dry at times...sometimes too  wordy to be a comic book, but good in its own right.  But I wouldn't even  dare compare this book to anything else.  I *was* considering reading  Hitchhiker's Guide but now after hearing all these comparisons, I think  I'll skip it.  Maybe until my memories of these comparisons have blurred.
0385486804|4.0|I've only read several comments about Chris McCandless (&#34;Into the Wild&#34;) and I am struck by the lack of intolerance for his mistakes. Bright people are just as prone to err as the rest of us! Don't we all have  moments from our past that make us grimace with dissatisfaction? He was not  a hero or a saint. Chris was a seeker, the seeker in all of us. This book  was assigned reading for my English Comp class and I am surprised at how  very few females seem to empathize with or relate to McCandless and have  been hostile towards him for &#34;abandoning&#34; his family. Don't we  all have regrets regarding treatment of family members? The situation with  his father was a pretty heavy blow after all. For all their differences,  Chris did admire certain elements of his father's character, however I think the  discovery of the family secret crushed and destabilized him. He obviously was not very  forgiving of his family or himself for that matter. Chris had very exacting morals and perhaps this was  his  fatal flaw.  Deeply wounded, he took off for a few years to get some breathing room, shake off  familial bonds(shackles), and gain some perspective. What harm is there in  that?  The negative feelings towards Chris persist because he died. We want our  &#34;happy ending.&#34; But, because his life ends tragically, his story increases in complexity and &#34;messiness&#34;. It requires nuanced thinking. I am certain  that would make McCandless very  happy!
0061002747|5.0|This beautifully crafted murder mystery ranks among Agatha Christie's finest.  The dapper Belgian detective finds himself investigating the murder of an American businessman on board the Simplon Orient Express.  The  death occurs in a a manner that implicates one of the twelve passengers in  the Stamboul-Calais coach.  Poirot carefully interviews the suspects, all  of whom have cast-iron alibis.  The case appears impossible to solve, until  Poirot, using nothing but his wits and a few tiny, seemingly insignificant  clues (including a monogrammed handkerchief, a pipe-cleaner, and a  Hungarian passport), assembles one of his most brilliant  explanations.<br />MURDER ON THE ORIENT EXPRESS is not just another Agatha  Christie book.  The plotting is as skillful and ingenious as her best,  filled with even more baffling twists and turns than usual.  This novel has  even more to offer, however:  a delightful international cast of  characters, an entertaining train setting, and gripping suspense.  This is  edge-of-your-seat reading from the world's foremost mystery writer.
B000002B7S|4.0|I only give this album four stars only because thats where it lies in  relation to his other earlier works, but by comparison to many ohter  artists work it might get five. This was Ozz'ys last good album before he  got bit by the commercialism bug and recorded the Ultimate Sin. Its all  been down hill since. Songs range from crunching metal, to commercial rock  , even a ballad.
0440217563|5.0|When I first read Outlander, I finished it in 12 hours. The next 2 within the week...I was hooked! Jamie and Claire wove their way into my heart and imagination with such color and richness that it seems hard to believe that  they're just characters in a book...I was thrilled to hear that there are  new additions too the series and I'm sure that Ms. Gabladon keeps the   amazing standard that she sets with the first three books.  Keep it up  Diana!!!
B000000H40|5.0|Who ever thinks that death metal is written by morons with no talent is  mostly correct. This album by Obituary is actually intelligently composed  and artfully executed (no pun intended). It shows a level of artistry that  is way beyond the strereotypical death metal album. Even though it of a  qaulity that would please any music critic, it does not mean it is a light  or commercial recording. The rythems are absoloutely bone crushing, and the  drum work is mind blowing. The album is flavored with sound effects that  give  me nightmares, and the vocalist is pure evil. This album is not for  the faint of heart! Totally awesome even after listening to it for 8 years  now, this classic will survive for a long time.
B000002H33|4.0|MASTER OF PUPPETS IS NOT THE BEST METALLICA ALBUM THEY MADE.  IT COULD BE  2ND BEST BUT NOT THE BEST AT ALL.  MY NAME IS DANIEL HAMMET,I AM KIRKS  COUSIN AND I KNOW THE BAND REALLY WELL, THEY THEMSELVES EVEN SAY THE BLACK  ALBUM IS THE BEST BECAUSE OF THE POWERFUL LYRICS AND KICK ASS RIFS! LIKE  SAD BUT TRUE, WHEREVER I MAY ROAM, ENTER SANDMAN, UNFORGIVEN AND GREAT  SOLOS AND THE VERY POWERFUL SON CALLED NOTHING ELSE MATTERS WITH ONE OF THE  GREATES SOLOS EVER, SO TAKE IT FROM ME BUY THE BLACK ALBUM FIRST THATS ALL  I HAVE TO SAY THANK YOU.   ANY QUESTION OR COMMENTS E-MAIL ME
0446364495|1.0|That this is a great commercial success is a good example of how low the average novel readers level of expectation is!  And I.Q.  This piece of trash is a real yawner.  My mother hated it too.  Finally, she and I agree  on something.  Thanks Mister Waller.
B000002KBU|5.0|There is more than the commonality in titles between this CD and Miles  Davis' &quot;Kind of Blue&quot;.  The latter is widely recognized as a jazz   high water mark in recording-a series of modal compositions full of space  and economy of delivery.   Mitchell, with minimal instrumentation, achieves  the same spatial dynamics.  She also turns songwriting structure on its end  with deceptively simple composittions that  are inventive and spare, like  the modal structure Davis' Quintet  works with. I was 18 when I got this  album, and knew then that it was different, a classic.  My emotional state  of mind at that age allowed it to grow with me.  It will affect you the  same way, no matter what your age.  Buy these two CD's together, and you  will never hear music the same again.
B000002GGU|5.0|Other than 'Heaven' this is a great album.  It's worth the price just for  'Run to You' and the duet with Tina Turner.  It's one of his most  consistent albums.
0449911357|5.0|I read the book twice and practically wore the movie out watching it.  To me, it has become my 'feel-good' movie when things are looking down and my day full of clouds.  From the first time I saw it, it grabbed at my spirit  and tugged at my heart.  It's one story I'll never forget.
B000000OQF|5.0|While i quote this album's most lyrically superior song &quot;I Think  About You,&quot; I must say, this is the best album of the eighties, hands  down.
B000002HRE|5.0|i own the main seven MetallicA albums released and i have to say that  RE-LOAD is just as captivating as PUPPETS is. aside from the cutting of  hair and the softer lyrics, metallica still cant be topped. just because  reload is softer doesnt mean it dont rock. music is my life and i am some  what disappointed in these so-called bands that produce maybe one good song  and get praised, when there are bands like metallica that work their butts  off and get crapped on. if metallica sux, why is it that they are the only  real metal band left. the music of load and reload is intricately done.  they still do real guitar solos for gods sake. whats not to love about this  band. for all of the so called metallibashers, b-4 you complain, get your  butts out there and record something better. PUPPETS is the best metallica  album, but reload is nothing to overlook. low mans lyric and unforgiven 2  ,in my opinion, are the best songs on the cd. with other greats like  'memory' and 'carpe diem baby' this is a must for any ** REAL ** METALLICA  fan.
0679600701|5.0|This is a handsome hardcover edition; the type is easy to read.  Anyone who vilifies Darwin and claims that evolution is untenable hasn't read The Origin of Species.  Christian fundamentalists should read this work: once  they grasp the powerful connections Darwin makes between animaland plant  breeding (intelligent selection) and how  the environment gradually  eliminates individuals less suited to its conditions (natural selection),  they might see that arguing against Darwin's theory is like arguing  Netwon's theory of gravity is wrong.  Read Darwin before you cast the first  stone!
0195073401|2.0|We are using this book for my Ph.D.-level microeconomics class, which happens to be taught by one of the authors of the book.  I have been struggling with the text for two months now, and find it more and more  frustrating at every turn.  I think this book spends far too much time  turning simple economic concepts into arcane mathematical formulae without  nearly enough attention to drawing out the important economic issues behind  the math. I've had econ classes before.  I know there are issues out there,  and that economics is not just math, but you would never know it from this  book!
0553573403|5.0|I have been reading fantasy since I learned to read and have at last found a series and world which can compete with Tolkien's Middle Earth.  AGOT is spectacular not only for what it includes, but for what it only hints at -  Where did the Targaryen Dragon Kings actually come from?  Are they truly  human?  What lies beyond the Wall?  I eagerly await answers for these and  other questions, not least of which is anticipation of the first meeting  between Dany Targaryen and the Starks of Winterfell.  Will the dragons with  Dany arrive together with the winter which is coming, and will they prove a  match?  I eagerly await the next book, to see if my questions will be  answered (or more intriguing, not answered).  The most satisfying  characteristic of this book is the stimulation given to one's own  imagination.  Can't wait for the next one!
B000009DUY|5.0|Only John Williams could pull off somehting like this.  The soundtrack also shows his variety.  Instead of the usual grand patriotic style of music (as in Star Wars and 1941) he actually tries to hold back.  The music  on the cd. . . that's all that there is to the movie.  Williams decided to  let the movie itself tell the story, having the music creep in only when  needed.  But what music it is!
0609603086|3.0|Follett is back. After two terrible books that were thin on storyline and predictable beyond comprehension, Follett has shown that he can produce an aspiring story.  Hammer of Eden had a plot that made one think few pages  ahead and characters that one wanted to believe in.  Priest is an excellent  character, complex yet simple, hateful yet loving. My question is now this:  When can we start expecting stories such as Eye of the Needle, Triple, Key  to Rebecca, Pillars of the Earth and Dangerous Fortunes?
0449227421|1.0|I was so disappointed in this book, if I hadn't been driving while I listened to the tape, I'd have tossed it out the window.  I have usually enjoyed Follett's books but this one was a major bust.  The research was  poor, the logic didn't exist, and there were so many flaws and gratuitous  twists and coincidences, it was insulting.  I have trouble believing  Follett even wrote this mess. The dialogue was almost comic and the heroine  was an idiot to contiunally fall prey to the &quot;bad twin.&quot;  I've  read the other reviews and I think it has already been said so I will quit  with suggesting that the author take his royalties and find another  profession if he can't do better than this.  What happened the the author  of &quot;Eye of the Needle&quot; and &quot;Triple&quot;?  I think he's been  replaced by a &quot;clone.&quot;
B000002H5I|5.0|Tracy has one of those haunting voices that cause you to listen carefully to her lyrics.  The lyrics reflect the social ills and yet her voice gives hope.  As you listen, you find solace and determination in the very voice  which chides you to take notice of the situation.This is a must hear for  all of those who want to be enlightened and challenged to think of change.   The lyrics in Talkin 'bout  a revolution and Behind the Walls encourage   action for positive development of the social conscience.
B000002KOO|5.0|Hearing this record makes you realize how amazing it would have been to catch the band live in an English club during this period. The jams and tradeoffs between Peter Green and Danny Kirwan are some of rocks greatest  moments. Absolutely stunning, brilliant, beautiful work not heard anywhere  else.
B000002WYT|1.0|As a fan since mid-'94, I'd heard the songs on this album on tapes and live.  These are some of my favorite songs ever - except they wrecked them on this CD.  There is no energy (relatively speaking)...it's just too bad  that a whole lot of fans out there think that these are the best versions  of these songs.  This album could have been the next Dark Side of the  Moon...it's really a crime.<br />BTCS saved them for me.  Now I can finally  say I am a fan of the Dave Matthews Band, not just the &quot;old Dave  Matthews&quot;.  And I've gone back to being a Steve Lillywhite fan.
0679735259|5.0|I have just recently completed the horrific DISPATCHES.  It is probably the most cynical read since SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE.  Because of the subject matter it is not for all.  If you have a strong will (and a strong stomach)  pick this book up today.  Five stars is not enough for the realism alone.
0553565915|2.0|Betty J. Eadie's account of her near-death experience is fascinating, but very familiar, reading to anyone who has read books such as Life After Life or any Edgar Cayce material.<br />However, I feel that the author  misinterpreted some truths of her experience, and came away with  conclusions that are too grounded in her traditional Christian belief  system.  This will no doubt always be the case to SOME extent, and I do not  blame her for this.<br />As an example, though, she describes a scene where  some souls acting as aides pull back a &quot;curtain&quot; to reveal a  homeless down-and-outer on the street.  It is revealed to the author that  this person's purpose in this life is to teach a particular person, who  walks by him every day on the street, how to feel compassion.  Both souls  were no doubt associated with each other, prior to their current earthly  lives, and the soul that is now playing the role of the homeless person had  chosen to live this hard life for the other person's benefit.  (The other  person would see homeless person every day and it would move him  emotionally to help the homeless person, thus teaching him a valuable  lesson in compassion.)<br />This, in my view, is evidence of reincarnation.  We set up the general situations of these &quot;passion plays&quot; in  advance, and then play them out with our own free will, hoping to learn  lessons (or teach them to others) in the process and advance ourselves  higher in our soul development.  Each lifetime can be viewed as another  class, working toward the final graduation of oneness with God, when we  don't have to come back to the Earth plane for another life lesson.<br />The  author, despite having this revealed to her, nonetheless came to the  conclusion that reincarnation is false; we only live one life.  I just kept  thinking that she was ignoring the evidence to the contrary.  Still, I can  see that if one is a traditional Christian that has rejected the idea of  reincarnation all one's life, then it would be hard to interpret any NDE  experiences without first filtering them through that belief system (or  through any other, for that matter).one's life, then it would be hard to interpret any NDE  experiences without first filtering them through that belief system (or  through any other, for that matter).
B000000WFF|2.0|This album is okay, I don't think it's that great, it's got some good songs with a beat, but you get tired of them easily.
B00000AFFF|5.0|As one could expect, Elvis Costello and Burt B. fit perfectly as a team. And I do not just mean as musicians, but as song-writers. As far as I'm concerned we haven't heard another album this year with such an  well-balanced mixture of insanity and sentimentality. <br />I don't know about  the rest of the universe, but in Norway the sale is disappointing. I find  this rather strange, because the excellent composisions are in themselves a  reason to buy this record. And together with this funny and significant  expression, this is a real hit!
0385255853|4.0|All in all I absolutely loved the book.  It was a tad slow to start,(way  too many little details.)  I love getting to know Roger &amp; Briana.  I  love the great humor.  I have become facinated with Scottish history.   After reading the whole book, every tedeous minute was worth it.  I can't  wait for the next book!!!!
0899663036|5.0|I'm not as eloquent as the other readers here who have so enthusiastically recommended this book, but let me tell you; the surprise at Francie's graduation made me cry like a baby.  Even as I write this I'm getting misty  eyed.  <br />(Don't tell anybody I said that!)
0792151712|4.0|Beautiful film, Kate Winslet is great, but Decaprio was much better in  &quot;What's Eating Gilbert Grape&quot;.  The sets are spectacular and the  love story and other side stories enhance the feeling of tragedy when the   ship, well, you know......  END
1567407757|2.0|It must be a guy thing.  Two highly-educated gentlement, one an educator, one a clergyman, said I must read this.  When I finished I asked, &quot;Is this all there is?&quot;  Unfortunately, or fortunately, depending on how  happy you are to be finished, that is all there is.  The philosophy that so  fascinates and illuminates the narrator is old, widely acknowledged, and  understood by people who have spent any time in introspection.  Is it  possible that many men have never considered the important aspects of life?   Is Morrie that startling to them?  Perhaps it is that Morrie states things  very simply--which is always good--and is easily understood.  Anyway, I  would not recommend this to most people--only to those who, like the  narrator, are just beginning their quest for truth and beauty.
0671646788|5.0|Was introduced to the book via a Recommended Book programme and have found it highly applicable if you are thinking of succeeding in every area of your life; be it spiritual, mental or physical. If you have not read this  book, you just don't know what success is and how to put yourself in a  position to gain successful principles in life. Get it, READ it over and  over again until you fully absorb all the successful principles that are  taught by Dr. David Schwartz.
0385043805|4.0|If you like this book, try reading Stephen King's Bag of Bones.  He refers  to this story often and it's a really great read!
0812550757|2.0|I was disappointed with this book, perhaps more so because Ender's Game and Speaker for the Dead were so good. This feeling of being let down started to creep in about three quarters of the way into the book. The plot  lines were neatly converging, the suspense steadily building, I could  hardly wait to finish the book to see how things would be resolved. So what  happens? The seemingly intractable problems of discovering Jane's origin,  travelling faster than light, taming an (intelligent?) killer virus and  preventing xenocide where solved in a few pages by sitting in box, closing  one's eyes and making a wish! Oh, come on, gimme a break. And then to  completely go off at an unnecessary tangent (I haven't yet read the fourth  book...), Card decides it would be nice to clone Peter and Valentine.<br />OSC  is not very good when it comes to technical details and hard science, this  is clearly evidenced by his theory of &quot;Outside&quot;. His strength  lies in telling stories that revolve about interpersonal relationships and  individual motivation, which is why Ender's Game &amp; Speaker were  superior novels.<br />I will read Children of the Mind with trepidation.
B000002NHN|5.0|The first time I heard Dante's Prayer was when I saw Michelle Kwan skate to it.  It was so beautiful and suited the mood so well I just had to have it and have searched for it for quite a while and so happy I found it.  I  have sampled the other songs and am sure they are just as great.  Looking  forward to seeing it arrive in the mail soon.  I am obviously a Kwan fan  living in her hometown but the music she chose is just as wonderful as her  skating.  Definately a gold medal song if I ever heard one.
0884271536|4.0|Very good lessons can be learned as to what delays  projects in New Product Development and systems development/implementation.  Very eye opening as to the effect of management style on projects and how pressures  from top mgmt often interfere with on-time completion.  <br />Definitely  includes issues that need to be addressed, although there probably are some  others as well, such as motivation and training that are not plainly  addressed.
0060245867|5.0|My two year old son LOVES this book.  He knows the words by heart.  We received this one as a gift and have proceed to purchase Moose/Muffin and Pig/Pancake.  They are all good, but Mouse/Cookie is the shining star! If I  could give it more than 5 stars I would!!
B000003CKH|5.0|The true, but twisted lyrics fit perfectly with the jazzy tone of the songs. You can't lump it with any group or genre of music, except to put it in the &quot;Great&quot; category.
0688101364|5.0|If you ever needed inspiration to start your Christmas baking, this is a great book to use. The  photos are just gorgeous, and there are recipes for all skill levels. For the truly ambitious, the gingerbread cathedral is a  massive holiday project. (I've never quite gotten that ambitious.)<br />Every  recipe I've tried was wonderful, but often I simply thumb through the  pages, looking for ideas and daydreaming about the next holiday baking  binge.<br />Here's hoping that Wm. Morrow puts this one out again very soon.
B000002H70|5.0|Simply put, this is the most influential album of my life.  Words cannot do justice to this phenominal album.  It's too bad Robert Smith became happier and forgot the agression and dispair, and stopped making good  music.
B000000W5B|4.0|Although not their best, this one is still worth checking out. The best tracks here are &quot;Silver Train&quot; and &quot;Star Star&quot;. The hits &quot;Heartbreaker&quot; and &quot;Angie&quot; aren't bad either.  Worth mentioning also is &quot;Dancing With Mr. D&quot;. Buy this, give it  a listen, and who knows? You might agree.
0451163516|5.0|Follet is a Swiss watch-maker and this book a Rolex among thrillers.  The  plot ticks along with fantastic pacing and suspense.  Secrets come out at  incredibly tense moments.  With apparent ease, Follet makes the reader care  for all the main characters, and two of them want to kill each other.  This  novel has it ALL:  great plot, great characters, great descriptions, great  dialogue, great pacing, a great climax.  No other novel in the  thriller/espionage field comes close.
B000002J09|3.0|Stairway and Misty are the greatest songs in the album, and Black + Battle + Rock'n'Roll a little below. I agree this is not Zeppelin's best album, but when I could play all Stairway (intro and solo included) I felt I were  the happiest one in the universe. Also I really like drums in this album.
B00000AFFI|3.0|PJ Harvey can hardly touch anything without it being genius.  And Is This Desire has a bunch of genius in it.  It also has her very large voice.  But what it doesn't have is the emotional power and range of her past stuff.   It doesn't rock like '50 ft. Queenie' or 'Snake'.  It doesn't give you the  emotional peaks and valleys like 'Send His Love To Me' or 'Sheela-Na-Gig'  No boubt, that compared to alot of the other #$@* out there right now, this  is monumental.  But compared to past PJ work, it's just kind of ho-hum.
B000002UJQ|4.0|Karma Police, phenominal.  Exit Music, fantastic.  Paranoid Android, excellent.  The rest of the album, merely good.  Fitter Happier was an interesting interlude, for the first few times I heard it.  For a mix tape,  this is a phenominal album because of the three standout tunes.  As a full  release, it's a little (sorry) boring.
B000002ADT|5.0|The first album to get if you want to fall in love  with jazz and bebop.  Spontaneous, gut-wrenchingly beautiful stuff.
B000002JSN|5.0|I truly believe this is the most complex and complete Led's album. Kashmir is among the five led songs, along with Stairway and Since I've been Loving you.<br />This is pure power and emotions coming form the deepest part of the  heart.<br />Led was one of the most honest band on the scene: there is more in  one Page's song (riffs, reasearch, melody, involvement) than in many other  double albums.
B000002OOY|4.0|This is one of John's best scores!  He incorperates many pleasing themes all into the same soundtrack.  I particularily enjoyed the Jurassic Park theme and the journey to the Island tracks.  Both are truly magnificent.   Other tracks are impressive, but some feature the same material in  repetition, so you hear certain themes again and again.  Overall, this is a  great cd, packed full of excellent music.
B000001FI7|5.0|so I'm adding my 5 star rating to the cause.  Beth Gibbons' vocals are little short of haunting.  The music is simple, but Portishead is not about the music, it's about Beth.  I feel that the impression that the vocals  leave is very similar to the desparation you hear in Radiohead's (Thom  Yorke) vocals.  A crying desparation, so apparent in the popular single  &quot;Sour Times (and Nobody Loves Me)&quot;, are abundant over the entire  album.  Unfortunately in their self-titled follow-up, the music takes a  more prominent role, and the album loses the depth and emotion flowing in  their debut.
B000002OR4|5.0|The music material for this film is very different from most of his other fantastic themes.  Here, he has composed music that is much more eloquent and delicate.  Most of it is quiet, but it is very powerful.  He was well  deserving of the oscar for this film.
1573226521|4.0|The Beach is a fantastic novel - the subject matter is fascinating, especially for anyone who has travelled or longs to do so.  It is really well written and the characters are mostly very well developed.  This is  the one place where the novel disappoints - some characters are mentioned  once or twice and then never heard of again which was a bit frustrating.   It's one of those books that you never want to end but you're dying to find  out what happens - make sure you finish it as the ending is worth waiting  for.
0792833201|3.0|I especially liked the dual format (widescreen 16x9 and pan&amp;scan).   The picture quality was good except for the opening credits, which are  slightly scratched.  END
0812931017|4.0|I'd read--and skimmed some of--two previous Branson biographies, and so didn't think I'd be too interested in reading the same old story a third time...even if it was told by the man himself. But this was a very  readable, lucidly written, entertaining and even--toward the end, when  Branson is battling British Air--suspenseful book! His stories of how he just missed going  bankrupt a number of times are both frightening (that such a successful  company came so close to failure so many times) as well as inspiring (that  he managed to escape the financial noose around his neck). This is a book  worth reading.
B000000OU6|4.0|This CD is one of the best I have ever heard.  Slash is great, but their singer is sort of like AXL Jr. (Guns n' Roses humor).  If it weren't for such a bad singer, I would give it 5 stars.  Still a good CD.  They're  supposed to have a new one out soon (Winter 98-99), so buy both.  I mean,  what the hell
0399143904|4.0|I likes it.  It could have been shorter, but I likes it.  As much as I like Jack Ryan,   I have always wanted to see the Clark character developed.  <br />A lot of people are hammering this one.  If you are a clancy  fan Read It.
0395759242|5.0|Hochschild displays good storytelling skills, but the contents of the book  are what make this story extraordinary.  Villains get off easy, heroes  suffer tragic consequences of their acts, and other things which make you  love and hate history at the same time fill this book.  It reads very  quickly for non-fiction and an unfamiliar topic.  This book makes you feel  ashamed that you never heard of the events described.  I recommend it to  anyone, but especially those who love history and are interested in  humanitarian movements.
0451452739|5.0|I read a version of this book that was published before the movie, and then I saw the movie. Even though there are serious changes between the two, (in the movie their going to Jupiter, in the book Saturn.) I still  think that if the version from after the movie is as well written as mine  that every one on the planet should own a copy of it.
B000002OX7|5.0|The who is one of the great rock bands of all time. Their music and lifestyles are classic.  The CD is full of rock-n-roll favorites such as Baba O'Riley, Bargain, and Behind Blue Eyes. And remixes of the favorites.  If you are a fan of The Who, or you're just stranded on a dessert island  you must have this CD.
0312952813|4.0|A troubled anti-hero in love with a hot widow, a convoluted mystery, and strong, natural descriptions of police procedure and departmental politics makes this a strong entrant for the attention of fans of contemporary pulp  fiction. Not for those seeking politically correct fiction or glamourized  &quot;sleuthing.&quot; If you like Raymond Chandler, Dashiell Hammett,  Elmore Leonard, Andrew H. Vachss, James Ellroy, and Chester Himes, and  can't stand Jonathan Kellerman, Sue Grafton, Janet Evanovich, Dick Francis,  and all the other pretenders, you'll enjoy Connelly.
B000002UA0|5.0|An inscrutable masterpiece of sound, images, and texture.  Its wit and scope makes later Pink Floyd albums (as good as some of them are) seem labored and contrived.
B000000OQY|5.0|though not as good as some of the other guns albums, this is a classic, &quot;patience&quot; is one of their best acoustic songs, and &quot;one in a million,&quot; &quot;you're crazy,&quot; and &quot;used to love her&quot;  are great songs as well.
0140072187|5.0|A friend of mine, in the midst of getting his commercial pilot's license, heard that I was a huge fan of helicopters. He had had this book for ages, it took me forever to give it back! Robert Mason brings you right into his  life. You feel the flight, emotions, fear and frustration. It has something  for everyone; human interest, detailed flight description, detailed mapping  of the war. You'll probably be surprised to know that I am female and love  this book! I am just about to order my own copy.
0064431789|5.0|IT WAS A REAL FUN BOOK THAT I WOULD LIKE TO READ AGAIN. I LOVED MAXS' ADVENTURE AND THE PICTURES WERE REALLY CRAZY. MY FAVORITE PART WAS WHEN MAX WAS CHASING THE WILD THINGS AROUND. MY DAD USED TO READ IT TO ME BUT NOW I  CAN READ IT TO HIM! ANNA
0684874350|5.0|Wonderfully moving book that makes you finally appreciate the old line  &quot;there is always someone worse of than yourself&quot;. Which McCourt  proves as whilst relaying his own dire curcumstances he can still point out  others who were in sorrier shape. A tragic comedy that highlights how  adaptable and resilient the human spirit is. I couldn't put it down and  literally found myself laughing through the tears.
B00000AFWW|5.0|When I first heard &quot;Boys on the Radio&quot;, I loved it!  To my knowledge, I have never heard anything previous by Hole so this cd is all I have to judge them by.  I love it!  This is my cd of the year.  I haven't  listened to anything else for the last two weeks and it keeps getting  better.
B0000024SN|4.0|It is a good CD.  Not there best, but i enjoy listiening too it
0312958455|4.0|I enjoyed this Harry Bosch mystery alot.  I did not enjoy it as much as the previous two Bosch books but that is hardly a major criticism.  Connelly has fleshed out the Harry Bosch character quite well in this  cop/psychological thriller.  After Harry loses his cool and attacks his  boss he gets suspended and sent to the department shrink.  During this  suspension Harry decides to investigate the thirty year old unsolved  homocide of his mother.  Connelly succeeds on several levels with this  book.  First this is an excellent police procedural.  Second, Connelly has  Harry wrestling with his demons while investigating his mother's homocide.   This really broadens the character of Harry Bosch. I also like the  character of Jazz who is Harry's love interest.  My major complaint about  the novel is that there is one to many plot twists for my liking.  Not a  major detractor though.  Overall a good book.  I look forward to  &quot;Trunk Music&quot;.
0679720200|4.0|This is a pleasent, if not disturbing read.  If pleasent and disturbing can agree this book is where they would meet.  As a non-philosophy student, I can boldly say this is a good existential read.  It is often superficial  in plot .  However, Camus does a splendid job in portraying a life of a  static character.  the stranger does not have a rueful bone in his body,  yet takes responsibilites for his actions.<br />I partically enjoyed this  read. It was fascinating to see philosophy in action.  When you read this  you can pick out all the things the stranger partically enjoys.  One that  any human does: good food, sex, warm sun, the summer evenings.  I thought  him complaining about the wet towels in the bathroom was great!!! Who  doesn't like dry towels at the end of the day.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is the best CD i ever bought!  I strongly sugguest that everyone buys it.  Madonna is a really talented artist and actress.
B000000H4V|5.0|A great thrash metal album for the 90's. It is Sepultura at their best. They are not death metal and can blow any death metal band away.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill has spread her musical wings and taken flight.  There is not one weak song on the ENTIRE CD.  Buying this CD is money well spent.  She weaves HipHop, Soul, and R&amp;B into a potion of potent energy that takes  you through every feeling and emotion.  I bought it for one song and now  cannot resist listening to the entire CD!  If you like music, you will LOVE  &quot;The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill&quot;!
0140277447|5.0|I taught in the Japanese school system for three years.  The history books  that are used are still very vague on Japans role in WWII.  What is even  scarier is that military type drill formation is still being taught in some  junior high schools.
0399143904|3.0|I believe that Clancy could have taken this particular plot and added more excitement to it. It would have added if Clancy could have developed what the world would be like as the population began to die off. Instead, he  begins a plot that evolves nicely and then ends the book with a very  predictable outcome which left me flat.  I felt robbed after reading for  over 700 pages.
0385472951|1.0|I can't believ that I read this book!  I feel so cheap, so dirty.  Its not that Grisham can't write, he has a definite knack for story-telling, but it seems he's more interested in surprising readers than in just letting his  gift work for him.  I was so unhappy that I took the time to read this book  that I would honestly put it in my all-time bottom five.  I agree with  another review here that it is like a TV movie in book form.  Yuck!  The  only reason that I kept reading it was because it always &quot;felt&quot;  like something interesting might be about to happen.  Its like watching a  bad movie on a rainy day just because you can't believe it won't get  better.  This not only doesn't get better, it falls into an abyss at the  end.  Instead of buying this book, tear up seven dollars and bang your head  with a hammer - its the same effect and at least it will save you time.
B000002L9J|4.0|This is a pretty swell album.  I don't think it's perfect, but some of the individual songs are.  The title track is pretty stunning, and the back-to-back I Know It's Over and Never Had No One Ever--possibly the  Smiths' two bleakest songs, with the exception of Suffer Little  Children--are most impressive indeed.  But let's not forget the  wonderfulness of the bouncy Vicar in a Tutu.  What a song!  And, of course,  for the ultimate in melodramatic but genuinely affecting songcraft, there's  always the gorgeous There is a Light That Never Goes Out.  I don't think  every track on the album is perfect, though.  The single Bigmouth Strikes  Again never impressed me much, nor did Frankly Mister Shankly.  And I don't  think the great lyrics are quite enough to save the melodically-challenged  Boy With the Thorn In His Side.  Still, it's a must for Smiths fans--some  of the songs are genuinely flooring.
B000002UJQ|5.0|<br />There's no break-out hit on this album, no &quot;Creep,&quot; no &quot;Just.&quot;  Instead, there's a seamless exploration of alienation in a world of technology.<br /><br />The album runs from start to finish without a  break: even the brief silences between tracks are blended perfectly into  the sound, as though the music were taking a breath before  continuing.<br /><br />The truly amazing thing, though, is the Zen nature of the  album.  Rarely have I found an album where I don't anticipate an upcoming  song, or guitar lick or lyric.  When I listen to OK COMPUTER, I'm totally  in the moment, experiencing the music as it happens.<br /><br />This album has  been in the CD changer of my car for 2 weeks now, and when it ends, I  simply start it again.<br /><br />The album's not for everyone--my wife doesn't  care much for Radiohead--but many people will find it a transcendent  experience.
B000002L7J|4.0|This isn't the Smiths' best album, but it's pretty good.  It's main weakness, I feel, is that Morrissey's decided he needs to address specific social issues, losing to a certain degree the amiguity and richness his  lyrics possessed in the past.  The best tracks--What She Said and That Joke  Isn't Funny Anymore--are the ones that stay farthest away from that,  although Nowhere Fast is undeniably good.  Okay, so Rusholme Ruffians and  The Headmaster Ritual Aren't Bad, and even Barbarism Begins At Home has  something to be said for it.  But I absolutely HAVE to dock the album as a  whole a star, just for the title track, which may have been intended to  make a powerful statement, but just comes across as being very, very silly.   Oh well.
B000001DTM|5.0|With no doubt one of the best CD's I've ever heard. Unlike other album's, you can hear it from the beginning to the end without jumping tracks. And that is something you don't have nowadays...
B000002C4C|5.0|This was only my second Mariah Carey album ever.  My first was Daydream, only because I liked what she did on Music Box and expected the same type of  boring played out sounds.  But on Butterfly, she has really ignited.   The songs had great flow--I mean the lyrics flowed out beautifully and  the  music was more rememorable (I would be humming the tunes for days after  listening to it.)  At first, I felt rather disappointed that it wasn't  formulamatic, but it was a really great change.  I mean here you have a 27  year old singer who at the age of 20 is singing songs to middle-aged  people, who then gets married at what 22 or 23 to a 45 year old man.  And  now with 30 just around the corner, she has to break out, otherwise come  mid life crisis and we'll never hear from her again. This album was  DEFINITLY HER BEST ALBUM YET AND HER MUSIC IS DEFINITLY GOING TO GET BETTER  AND BETTER!  And I can't wait to go buy her new album &quot;1's&quot; in  two weeks.
B00000DGSN|5.0|well, the concert that DP left japanese with open jaw at the end of space truckin... from firt note on the high way star to last note .. the best ... and finally in remastered form.. I just wish there was more gap between the  songs. the encore CD is great. especially speed king
B00000AFFF|4.0|While Tim Armstrong is toning up his lyrics, Elvis is toning his down, quite successfully.  And Burt?  No offense, you gull durn genius, but I hope we both live long enough to see an Elvis/Rancid collaboration...
0446604844|5.0|I coulnd not put this book down.  Poor Sidney was thrust into the middle of a large mess! She did all of this while with child. Bravo Daniel Balducci!!!
B000000OAC|5.0|i own all of the first 15 queen albums and this is my favorite overall. sure it has we will rock you and we are the champions but it also has some of queens best kept secrets on it. sheer heart attack, it's late, who needs  you, all dead all dead, spread your wings.   this album is the true test to  determine if you are a real queen fan or not.   -- one of my all time  favorites!
0385472951|1.0|So-so plot, never really gets going though.  To say that it was poorly constructed would be an understatement.  No real action, a good deal of the book was past tense - story within a story type of thing.  Ending makes you  feel like Grisham stole the hours that it took you to read the book right  out of your life.  I see mixed reviews here, but you gotta remember, people  voted for Clinton, too.
0441172717|5.0|Even if you dont like sci fi youll love this book it has something for everyone. its the best book ive ever read!! -XJimmyX-
B000002NHN|5.0|Lorrena McKennitt's latest album, again, proves how she could blend together music into pure masterpiece. The celtic theme of the album is very consistent, so consistent that you could feel yourself being pulled into a  circle of interconnectivity during the presedence of one track into the  other.  A brilliant album from the brilliant Loreena McKennitt. So  brilliant that I am trapped in the musical loop of time that she perfectly  framed in the album.
B000005H55|3.0|There is a temptation to trust what the critics have to say... some albums seem to take on a new luster when you find out Downbeat gave them 5 stars.  Sometimes the critics (and generous liner notes) can turn you on to things  you wouldn't normally notice in a recording. However, in the case of  &quot;Out to Lunch,&quot; I can't help to think of the Emporer's New  Clothes.  Granted, Dolphy is a technical master (I love &quot;Outward  Bound,&quot; actually), and the groups ability to stay together is  impressive, but this music is taken to far to the abstract.  Paul Hindemith  is known for his deep criticisms of abstract music, and I tend to agree  with him. Where this recording falls short is it's hubris in thinking the  players had strong enough ears to follow each other and communicate not  only perfectly, but instantly.  There is a strong sense of rhythmic unity  at times, but none of the players can keep their harmonies together through  changes, and none want to collapse into the safe ground of modal jazz;  ergo, what is played simply sounds harsh, but instead of resolving to a  common ground, the harshness stays throughout.<br />Like much 12-tone music  out there in the classical department, this is a fascinating CD to talk  about in a fit of all-encompassing intellectualism, and it may be very  tempting to claim understanding of the music, to claim the higher ground  over those who &quot;fail to hear.&quot;  Still, I think that, in fact, to  return to my metaphor, this group is not wearing some futuristic musical  garb, but is in fact stripped naked to reveal their unfortunate (though  understandable given the task at hand) inability to get 40 minutes of music  out of nearly no harmonic planning.
0553565915|5.0|When I first read this book I had recently lost my cousin and a very close friend to freak auto accident and was struggling to understand why.  Nothing seemed fair anymore and I resented God for taking two people I  cared so much about.  Reading Betty's book made me realize that this was  selfish and ridiculous.  Betty describes her experience with such detail  and energy that everyone I know who's read this book has come away feeling  like they understand our purpose here a little bit better.  There's just  not enough I can say about this book or the author.  It was simply life  changing!
1558216847|5.0|When I first read this book at the age of 13, I was spellbound by it!  It is still one of the best books I have ever read on the true nature of courage and comradeship under severely adverse conditions.
B000000WCV|5.0|This CD has everything from dance songs, to real hard core techno.  There are all different styles of music on this CD, from ocean beats to latin ones.  Its great party music and great to drive to.  I recommend it to  anyone!!!
0783114222|5.0|I made a point of watching all twelve programs on HBO and was bowled over  by Mr. Hanks superb storytelling. All sides of the story was covered, the  astronauts and their wives &amp; families also the media. God bless Tom  Hanks for preserving these stories for all time.     END
B00000DGUY|5.0|The tracks selected for the cd do not offer anything new for the seasoned fan of Dire Straits, but could be perfect introduction for the new generation. As far as the live concert on the second cd of the two cd  package,Mark Knopfler plays songs from his Dire Straits days as well as  songs from his first solo album, Golden Heart.Truly amazing guitar wizardry  from one of the greatest guitar masters of all time!      Worth the price  of admission.
0345409671|2.0|Puh-lease, my first grade reader had better writing than this one. The plot was boring, the characters were out of whack, and everything was just really, really awful. The only redeeming quality was that it was a Rice  book. Yes, I love Lestat and Louie. But not when Rice is trying to turn  Lestat into a god. (Thank the good graces that her subconscious rectified  the faux-pas.) Rice is suffering from a major case of &quot;Godism&quot;.  She's trying to turn her pet &quot;boy-toy&quot; into a god. That's just  not right. Lestat is a vampire, as is Louie, Marius, Claudia, Count  Dracula, Knick Knight, Lacroix, and every other vampire that I have  forgotten to name. Okay, they don't need to be turned into something that  they are not. In summary, Memnoch just sucks man.
B00000AFFF|4.0|I had few expectations of this being very good, but I've been an Elvis fans since the beginning, so... What a pleasant surprise!<br />Elvis and Bachrach both have taken their individual strengths and melded them into a  potent mixture. Great music with odd chord voicings and subtle meter  changes. Elvis rose to the task of writing lyrics appropriate to the mood a  Bacharach melody takes without sounding forced or contrived. Truly, I was  amazed that the collaboration worked as well as it did.<br />I am most  impressed with Elvis' balls in writing and recording in this style. Elvis  had everything to lose and little to gain from this project. What a shining  triumph in following your heart &amp; recognizing that good music doesn't  sound just like Hootie &amp; the Blowfish.<br />The only things that diminish  this recording for me are the over-sweet strings on several compositions  and the fact that Elvis can't quite get his voice around a few of these  songs. Otherwise, this is a very fine and highly recommended recording.
B00000AFGM|4.0|Manson's new sound is hard to adjust to at first. This new album does not match Anti Christ...I believe that nothing he will do will ever match Anti Christ...but his music is still powerful and amazing. His new look is  wonderful. I just want to tell all the other Manson fans out there to give  this new album a chance. He is still Manson...and he is still a great  musician and shock rocker.
0671721720|5.0|commander who puts her command at risk to save a planet.  Honor shows what a gutsy commander can do.  Also shows she is human when she encounters what has happened to POW's from her Navy.  It is well worth the time to get into  the series.  Read them in order if you can.  Makes Star Trek look tame and  no character development.
0812550706|5.0|They watch through his eyes.  They listen through his ears.  They know he is the one.  They, the American government, need his genius to do what they themselves cannot do.  He, Ender, is designed to be their tool.  He is a  government-endorsed third child born into a world where there is a  two-child law.  He is, as the principle character of Orson Scott Card's  Ender's Game, a genius manipulated from birth to become Earth's greatest  military leader. Living in a world plagued by overpopulation, famine, and  poverty, the results of the war lost against the &quot;buggers,&quot; Ender  is approached by two government officials who take him to a training  facility orbiting the Earth.  There his education takes the form of  &quot;games&quot; -- games which Ender always wins.  Although he is a  genius among geniuses, is he smart enough to save the planet?    Ender's  Game has an upbeat plot full of action.  However, what makes it a truly  superb book is the way Card develops Ender as a character.  The reader  meets Ender as a young boy, constantly harassed and despised by his older  brother and schoolmates.  Throughout his adventure to save the planet, with  the help of his teachers and the government training facility officials,  Ender transforms into an assertive leader with a certain mysterious  complexity to his personality -- logical and stark, yet also paradoxically  caring and loving.  Along with this transformation, Orsen Scott Card uses a  multitude of methods to captivate the reader with Ender.  First of all,  Orsen Scott Card choose to create a child protagonist, a choice not  commonly made in Science Fiction.  This is one of the reasons the book  appeals to many young readers; it allows them to relate to Ender.   Secondly, Ender's constant struggle against an unknown enemy creates a   mystery about the institution's intentions with him -- is the government  truly his allie, or his real enemy.  Third, the institutions constantly  place obstacles in Ender's path, yet he overcomes them all with imaginative  and skillful solutions.    Ender's Game was published in 1985, the first  of Orson Scott Card's successful works.  It immediately received praise  from the science fiction community and eventually won both the Hugo and  Nebula awards (the two most prestigious awards for science fiction).   Card's works prior to Ender's Game were not very successful because they  all lack character development, a common problem in science fiction as a  genre.  In addition to character development, what distinguishes Ender's  Game from most science fiction books is how Card keeps the plot moving  while still creating a complex and intellectual story.  In addition to a  great plot and character development, Ender's Game contains several complex  themes.  One theme in Ender's Game is the institution verses the  individual, a theme that is common in science fiction.  In the beginning,  Ender is like every other human on earth, manipulated by the government.   However, as the book progresses, Ender starts to question the decisions of  his superiors as he strives for individuality.  Another theme is  xenophobia, the fear of aliens.  The entire human race is calling for the  destruction of a species which few humans have ever seen.  The most  important theme of the book is how adults often under estimate children's  abilities.  As Ender becomes history's greatest general, his brother and  sister slowly gain political power under the aliases Locke and Demosthenes  through the world computer network.  Their abilities, which are  &quot;virtually identical with -- THE Wiggin,&quot; (250) allow them to  become renowned political leaders by the end of the book.  Ender and his 2  siblings, all under the age of 13, become the three most powerful people on  earth.  Ender's Game rivals any other science fiction saga ever written.   However, it does target a specific audience.  People who do not enjoy  scientific terms or science fiction in general probably will not like this  book.  Furthermore, people who are optimistic about the future might not  find Card's version very appealing.  One cannot deny that Ender's Game is a  truly wonderful book.  A great plot, good writing, a setting of turmoil,  and enthralling character development make it a must for any reader who  does not despise science fiction.
B000003AE8|5.0|Tupac paints a perfect picture of the world we live in. From the very start, Tupac comes in hard hitting with &quot;Holla if you hear me&quot; and ends with a hard hitting song, &quot;5 Deadly Venomz&quot; which is one  of the best rap songs of all time.
B000003TBP|5.0|If you like one of the songs on this album, you'll love the whole thing. If you loath a song off this album, you'll still love it. Beck has the amazing wit and intellect to place the most bizzarly fitting and obscure  samples into a type of music that has no association to high tech gear  whatsoever , folk. And above all that, he does it in a rapping vocal  context on songs &quot;Where It's At&quot; &quot;High 5&quot; and  &quot;Novacane&quot;. To put it together in 1 phrase, Trailer Trash Upper  Class Beauty.
B000003TAL|5.0|When a band like Sonic Youth has 3 singer-songwriters, it's almost a coincidence when they are all in top form.  They all are here and this is the most balanced Sonic Youth album with 3-5 songs from each(Kim,Thurston,  Lee).  Steve Shelley's catchy drumming contrasts perfectly with the spacy  instrumentation.
6305132984|5.0|A wonderful widescreen transfer of a wonderful movie.  I am quite pleased  with my copy.  This is much better than the laser disc and video tape  versions.  END
B000002H2Z|5.0|This is by far the greatest Cure album ever.From the New Orderly opening track &quot;In Between Days&quot; to the beautiful &quot;Six Different Ways&quot; this is the diffinitive Cure album.I think it enhances the sound  Robert Smith wanted on &quot;The Top&quot; but failed to achieve .
1567184855|5.0|This is an incredible book.  I met the author at a Book signing and found him fully credible.    <br />The Book covers what happens to us between our lives, as relayed to Dr. Newton through the eyes of his patients that have been hypnotized.   If you are skeptical about reincarnation read this book. <br />In the end  though the book shows us that it is much more important to live our lives  well, and to be as loving as possible to all we have the privilege to meet.
B000001FV3|4.0|Whereas this recording is not Traffic's best work, it is very unique with the blending of many different flute, sitar, harp, organ, and more.  Not to forget the superb Guitar work by David Mason.  The song arrangements aren't  as developed as on the classic John Barley Corn and Low Spark Recordings  but the elements of folk, jazz, and rock make this a very listenable  record.
B000005ILF|1.0|Except for \\"The Hounds of Winter\\", this album is bland and passionless. As usual Sting looks depressed on the album cover, but this time he means it! \\"Hounds\\" is melodic and melancholy, with the kind of lyrical metaphors you expect from Sting if you've listened to any of his albums. The rest of the album is either rank experimentation, horrible pretension and lacquered mediocrity. The only good hook to be found other than in \\"Hounds\\" is at the beginning of \\"La Belle Dame Sans Regrets\\"... but Sting immediately spoils it by singing wearily, and in French!<br />Vinnie Colaiuta and Kenny Kirkland are on drums and keys throughout this recording and they are sadly underutilized. With their kind of chops, Sting could and should have given them much more to do. These songs needed every bit of help they could get. Vinnie's playing was clean and tight as always, but uninteresting. I didn't here anything from Kirkland that any other sausage-grinding studio keyboard player couldn't have churned out, except perhaps the solo in \\"Belle Dame\\". Too little, too late for an album that started out smartly, and then just died on the highway.<br />I rate this album 1 star out of 5 because there are only two songs out of ten worth listening to more than once. \\"Ten Summoner's Tales\\" is a much better effort at what this album tried and failed to do.
0385484518|5.0|Morrie teaches us all, not only how to live our lives to the fullest by  giving, but how to die with the same unselfish outlook. His simple views on  life and his ability to live in the moment, which so few of us take the  time to do, not only bring a meaningful closure to a life well lived but  give us all hope. Morrie makes you want to reevalualte the life you have  left on this fabulous planet and keep in mind that your time is limited. So  don't wait for tomorrow, do what you want today.
B00000BKDX|3.0|There is a vast differance between Iron Maidens studio and live albums.  This is possibly one of the only passable offerings for Maiden live.  Bruce Dickinson seems almost as if he wishes to sabotage the experiece by singing  out of key, and otherwise hamming it up greatly.  In addition, sound  quality tends to be low.<br />If you are not a die-hard Maiden fan, this album  is definately not for you.
B000002BE9|1.0|So, I first heard Ms. Apple performing &quot;Slow Like Honey&quot; on a radio program called 'Acoustic Cafe' late in 1996.  I was intrigued--had never heard of her before--so I wrote the name down and kept an eye out for  a CD.<br />Months later, I found &quot;Tidal&quot; at my local record store.   A bit concerned about buying a CD on the strength of one live song, I  hesitantly made my purchase.  BIG MISTAKE......<br />This is, without a doubt,  the WORST CD purchase I have made in years!<br />  Some of the more off-key crooning makes my  stomach churn in agony.  (&quot;Shadow Boxer&quot; should come with the  same warnings that are printed on bottles of Syrup of Ipecac.)<br />Hopefully,  now that she's a mega-star, dear Fiona will invest in singing lessons.<br />Needless to say, I  sold this disc to back to the shop immediately.  I'm just glad to have  gotten six bucks back.<br />Save YOUR money......buy a Sarah Vaughn disc if  you want some genuine emotive soul crooning.
B000002OX7|5.0|I have never understood why the Rolling Stones get credit as being the greatest rock band ever. Who's Next destroys this gross misconception after the first five minutes of the album. This was, and still is, the swan song  of rock and roll. Who's Next breaks all the rules, and drags you along with  it, whether you're coming or not. Some of the songs on here, particularly  &quot;Baba O'Reilly&quot; and &quot;The Song Is Over,&quot; were some of  the first to kick start the progressive rock rise in the 1970's. It is also  the first time a synthesizer was used on a rock album. Pete Townshend wrote  his finest set of songs ever, many of which have become classics. When all  is said and done, nobody has come across as honest, innovative, and intense  as the Who did during their heyday, and this album chronicles that better  than Exile on Main Street or Beggars Banquet ever did.
B000006NPY|1.0|this album is a disappointing and depressing release from a band i probably built up to be far greater than they have ever been. i really loved the pumpkins for their incredible lyrics and for how emotional  billy's voice and music was. believe me, it is hard to say this as a one  time pumpkin obsessee, but i discourage you from purchasing this album.  comparatively speaking it is crap. the lyrics are so bad and so trite that  i find it unbearable to listen to. when i first heard ava adore i thought  it was a band doing a very poor imitation of the pumpkins that verged on  mockery. i refused to believe it was the actual thing for a long time.  other songs on the album are equally poor with lyrics such as &quot;love is  good and love is blind...&quot;. and, believe me, it gets worse. i like to  think the banality of the lyrics and music is due to hard times for corgan  who has fallen back on cliches to get him through some stuff. i will just  ignore this release and wait for the next. if it too ducks, i will pretend  the pumpkins stopped playing after mellon collie.
0684874350|4.0|Frank McCourt has a keen ability to portray a situation in all its depth without rubbing the reader's face in it.  We understand the (adult) narrator's views on what was happening without him  leading us at every  corner.  This is because he presents the situation so that we feel what he  felt, we see the victimization.  Angela's Ashes is a tear-jerking memoir  frought with satire and humor.  It will push and pull at your emotions.  I  never learned so much from a child.  Thanks young Frankie!
B000002KJM|4.0|If you like older ZZ Top tunes, this album is a must-buy. &quot;Just Got Back From Baby's&quot; is Texas Blues at it's finest, as it demonstrates the delta influences on the genre. This cross-pollination resulted in a  unique sound, illustrated wonderfully on this (and other early) ZZ Top  album(s) before they sold out and went &quot;pop&quot;. Other notables are  &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; (not your Rolling Stones variety) and &quot;Goin'  Down to Mexico&quot;. Enjoy!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Thom Yorke's voice, high and sweet and alone worth the price of the CD, is showcased in OK Computer, but it isn't why you should buy it. There's cleverness, and there's emotional intelligence, and Radiohead has the  latter dripping from everything they write.  From the very first track  (Airbag, a personal favorite) you find yourself amongst restrained but  haunting guitars, and a beautiful, beautiful melody.  I don't know what it  is about these guys that's so good: perhaps the sheer musicianship,  combining the articulate twists of old King Crimson with the passion of the  best of Genesis. Oh, and an interesting nod to the wierdly flat backup  vocals and a buzzed bassline of early Moody Blues in Exit Music.   Why am I  rattling on?  Because it's so exciting to find a band for ADULTS.  But yes,  buy OK Computer for Yorke's voice if you must; talent like his doesn't  appear often.   There's something else Radiohead does very well.  They  build and swell a melody in a kind of creepy loop, and Thom's voice is best  here--sweet but whispy.  The combined effect is mesmerizing.   Check out  Let Down.
B000002GFU|5.0|This album will bring back many memories of a much simpler time. Most that will remember this album were probably in their teens or early twentys when they first heard it. The song Wild World which is still heard from time to  time on many radio stations can still bring back thoughts of young love and  how much we miss those times. Without going into each song, I can say that  listening to this album again, takes you right back to a place and a time  you wish you really could return to.
0451191153|4.0|This is a master piece of one individuals sucess and trimuph in the face of conventional thought.
B00000269J|3.0|I've been old-school, die-hard Pink Floyd fan for many years, and although I was deeply disappointed by the Final Cut, I decided to give this album a chance.  While some of the songs are embarrassingly sappy, like Sorrow and  One Slip, the two songs Signs of Life and Terminal Frost contain the  elements of creativity and starkness of emotion that got me listening to  Pink Floyd in the beginning.  I'd say those two cuts alone make this album  worthwhile.  Too bad the Division Bell had no similarly redeeming tracks.
B000002U82|3.0|If this album were by any other band I'd probably rate it higher, but my standards for Floyd are higher than for other bands.  Sure, Dark Side is far better than their recent works, like the Division Bell, but it can't  compare to the truly brilliant albums of the past like Atom Heart Mother,  Ummagumma, and Meddle.  But, like all of us, I guess they had to pay the  bills.
0440213525|5.0|This book was almost as good as the Rainmaker. Young Mark happends to witness a murder and gets into trouble.His only help is Reggie Lowe who stands for him against the mob.
0385487940|2.0|I waited for this book to come off the bestseller list for months.My wait was worthlessly spent. As with all of his books Grisham packed a great punch with all of the legal  information, which I always find facinating, but when it came to the ending  I was left feeling empty and dissapointed.
B000002B38|5.0|By far the best recorded live music ever! Pink Floyd's music almost sounds better live than studio. Songs like &quot;what do you want from me&quot; and &quot;learning to fly&quot; really come to life. The mixing is great  and the skill of the floyd is unparalled on stage. To much to mention. A  must have!!
0684833395|5.0|&quot;Catch-22&quot; is really a great precursor to M*A*S*H, &quot;Hogan's Heroes&quot; and the like. Heller keeps up an  impressive and exhaustive comedy through the whole book. Rarely does he get serious, and when he  does, he doesn't get out of line. If you don't want to read about  crudeness, sex, violence, and---well, reality, then for God's sake don't  read this book. &quot;Catch-22&quot; is by no means a careless war comedy  about a bunch of aviators who like sex and alcohol and screwing the  general's wife (although all three examples are in the book). The plotline  and timeline are complex and a  recurring, ever-progressing dream of the  main character gets more violent and grisly in each episode.  &quot;Catch-22&quot; is very clever and complicated. Heller showed mastery  of the English language in the way that he was able to maddeningly play off  the book and its characters' verbal and oral device's. If nothing else,  &quot;Catch-22&quot; is an excellent study in writing technique and  conversation.
0440224764|4.0|The Partner is so unlike John Grisham and I loved it. I kept turning the pages till I got to the last chapter and I couldn't shut my mouth for about ten minutes!!! Its really shocking at the end, that I had to repeat the  last two chapters again and again. I feel that there should be a part 2 of  the book.  I used to think his books are predictable, but The Partner is  really something else. Its a must read!!!
B000002GLE|4.0|OK, let's get the bad news out of the way first. A double CD that weighs  in at less than 82 minutes length, and with a running order that leaves  something to be desired - kicking off for example, with the near 12 minute  medley of Bring On The Night/When The World Is Running Down - plus the  annoyance factor caused by culling the tracks from five shows spread over a  seventh month period rather than focusing one show. Bit of a dog's  breakfast then...?<br />Well, no, not really. Whereas the Bring On The Night  movie concentrated on recording for posterity the birth of a band, this  release can be seen as a valuable companion piece. Eschewing the temptation  to just issue the performances on the video which were filmed in late  Spring 1985, only two of the album's 13 tracks date from this period. The  other's come from shows around Christmas 1985, after the band had played  more than eighty shows together. No longer the strangers feeling their way  that you see on the video, this is a well drilled and extremely talented  band that were just awesome on stage. <br />The choice of Bring On The  Night/When The World Is Running Down for opening track is actually a very  good one showing just how well the band had gelled and setting out their  credentials. Sting's opening chords - this time on guitar rather than bass  - quickly lead into a terrific groove provided by Darryl Jones, Omar Hakim  and Kenny Kirkland. Bring On The Night segues into When The World so  smoothly you could be forgiven for thinking it was the same song, and when  Branford Marsalis's weighs in with a terrific rap segment, the song reaches  a terrific plateau and just stays there. Awesome stuff.<br />Hakim's delicious  tripping cymbal signals the start of Consider Me Gone, which is quickly  richened by a sensual vocal from Sting and some masterful saxophone from  Marsalis. The old Police b-side, Low Life, is a real surprise package and  is given a bluesy twist that has the Police's hard edges knockedoff with  more of Marsalis tenor sax, and some complementary backing vocals from  Janice Pendarvis and Dolette McDonald. We Work The Black Seam is a little  faster than the album version but otherwise remains faithful to the version  from Dream Of The Blue Turtles. Driven To Tears suffers from a surprising  lack of passion in the vocals and minimal (Branford's sax apart) treatment,  but still manages to groove along professionally although at seven minutes  long, you feel it's overstayed it's welcome by the climax.<br />The mad  cacophony of The Dream Of The Blue Turtles track - sorry, never liked it,  or Janice and Dolette's mad dance! - quickly breaks into a storming version  of Demolition Man. Jackhammer-like drums and Sting's strong vocals power  the song along to a rousing finish. A demonstration of just how adaptable  the band are comes on the medley of One World/Love Is the Seventh Wave. The  harmonisation on One World is simply beautiful, and all to a perfect reggae  rhythm before effortlessly sliding into the lush percussion, sax and  keyboards of Hakim, Marsalis and Kirkland. <br />A sensual version of Moon  Over Bourbon Street showcases more terrific saxophone work by Marsalis,  before the album's highpoint arrives - I Burn For You. From it's low key  beginning, to it's dark and brooding finale, this is simply terrific.  Without question one of Sting's most atmospheric songs, with a yearning  vocal and that haunting bass riff, this version just ...well, it smoulders  please start playing this song again.)<br />Despite getting the crowd clapping  along Another Day suffers in contrast to what succeeded it. Competent, but  ultimately disposable it's one of the album's weaker moments before  Marsalis and Hakim cut loose on Children's Crusade, where Branford's sax  playing is a special treat. The blues standard Been Down So Long gets the  full virtuoso treatment - including a lovely piano segment from Kenny  Kirkland, and Sting's vocals too are excellent. Sadly, for us, the album  ends with our one of our least favourite Police songs - Tea In The Sahara.  Andy Summers' shimmering guitar passages are replaced by keyboards, which  sadly doesn't work for us, and whilst Sting's vocals are strong enough, the  song continues to leave us cold.<br />The album has to be worth at least four  of anyone's five stars. This was an awesome live band as anyone who saw  them will tell you, and this release does the band's memory justice. The  especially pleasing thing about the album is the lack of obvious crowd  pleasing Police favourites - Roxanne, Every Little Thing She Does Is Magic,  Message In A Bottle etc, - with Sting instead relying on a mixture of his  new material, Police medleys that show of the band's virtuosity, and on  long overlooked songs such as Low Life and I Burn For You. Great music  played with style and skill - you can't go wrong with Bring On The Night
B000002NHN|5.0|This is such magickal music.  I would like to suggest something much  earlier that most people do not know exists. In 1978 or so Michael  Oldfiel's sister(yes sister) did a album called Water Bearer. This is  something that Loreena's music is very much like in sound. It can be gotten  here at Amazon.com. I highly recommend it.
B00000BKDX|5.0|This is certainly the best live album ever done by Maiden, and one of the best live albums I've ever heard by any band. And the great thing about this remaster is the inclusion (finally!) of the lost 5 tracks from  Hammersmith, recorded in 1984, and previously unavailable on CD. Highly  recommended.
0449002632|5.0|I recently  visited the City of London and reading the book now makes many of the places I saw even more interesting. Rutherfurd inserts occasional real people into the narrative, which gives one pause to think about their  lives in a new light. I particularly enjoyed the earliest chapters and the  chapter leading up to the Restoration. The chapter dealing with Henry  VIII's era was my least favorite. Overall, I enjoyed the book immensely and  recommend it especially to those who like James Michener's style.
0060235152|5.0|My 19 month old insists on reading this book every night and my 5 year old loves to join in to teach her brother all the moves.
B000009CEM|5.0|This album is everything that industrial metal should be. Gut-punching  guitar riffs, almost inhuman drumming (check out Shock), and actual singing  not just mindless bellowing which has plagued heavy metal for years. This  album (like Demanufacture before it) is almost laid out like a movie, every  song tells a story in an ungoing saga that ends at the remarkably put  together last track. It is that kind of creativity that has been seriously  lacking in the metal world. Any other reasons for getting this? Sure, if  for no other reason, buy it because it rocks like none other. Play it loud  and you can't help but thrash around, it gets your adrenaline pumping like  you wouldn't believe. Best tracks: Shock, Descent, and Resurrection.
0425152251|4.0|I just finished Sophie's World.  I would recommend it to anyone with a  passing interest in Western Philosophy.  However, anyone working in the  field will be bored.  After having spent a lifetime reading philosophy, on  and off, this is one of the best overview books I've run across.  The  problem with most &quot;philosophers&quot; (at least modern day) is that  they don't want you to know how little they have to say about  &quot;life&quot; and living.  But this book is simple and straight forward,  and actually understandable. No technical crap or special nonsense  language. For the passing observer interested in what might be of use to  them in this field, I recommend this book.  But people working in  &quot;philosophy&quot; will find it too &quot;simple&quot;.
0767802659|4.0|The effects are standard-setting.  I began to forget about paying  attention to the special effects -- that is when I realize how good the  effects are.  Pay particular attention to the swarms of bugs.<br />The plot is  a bit of a stretch, and should be taken as the over-the-top comedy that it  is.  END
0517591812|2.0|This book is poor imitation Michener, largely due to the fact that the writing is incredibly bland. While I learned things about the history of London, I had a hard time finishing the book, and only the curiosity  whether or not the famous coins were going to be rediscovered kept me  reading to the end.
0679416781|5.0|The English Patient is a beautiful portrayal of human love and loss during a time of war.  Ondaatje's portrayal of mere shadows of human life open up the mind to many worlds and opens up the heart to the beauty of tempest  driven passions.
0425098478|5.0|For any new manager, team leader or supervisor this is a MUST read. This  book will also serve you well in many of your relationships both on and off  the job.  Well worth the cost and well worth your time to read.  Could be a  life changing read.
B00000ADG2|5.0|The Sultry Songtress of the Decade Miss Lauryn Hill with her latest  release &quot;The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill&quot; 5 stars in my book,  best CD I've ever bought. Fans and listners have only received a sampling  thus far of what Ms. Hill has to offer. Check out her newest CD to  experience her mind blowing vocals first hand.  I'm inspired to write this  review as I listen to the CD right now...the lyrics are off the heezie!  You've done it again Lauryn keep up the good work, and kiss Zion for me!!!
B000002C2E|2.0|I've been a Dylan fan from the beginning, but maybe this is where we part company; I simply don't like this album.  OK, I agree that life makes me sad too, but the bitter deapair that permeates the lyrics and music is just  too much to stomach. Keep it to yourself Bob (and Daniel Lanois); who needs  it? I'll take the sweet sadness of Emmylou Harris over this stuff any day.  What ever happened to the idea that art should transcend the darkness in  us?
0553210246|5.0|A simple written story, with a complex subject.  The minds of the mayor of casterbridge and the wife he sold both have secret intentions of their own.  Secure &quot;their&quot; daughter, and keep a high position in life.  Hardy has written another beloved tragic novella, a true English classic
0385486804|5.0|John Krakauer's 1996 book Into the Wild tells the true story of  Christopher McCandless, a young man who hitch-hiked his way into Denali  National Park in Alaska, camped for a time in an abandoned bus, and died  alone of starvation.  Krackauer's work is both a philosophical inquiry and  mystery.  The philosophical inquiry is to discern the attraction to  McCandless and other young men (including Krakauer, in his youth) in  abandoning comfortable lives and living in the wilderness at great personal  risk.  The mystery is unraveling just what happened to McCandless from when  he graduated from Emory University in 1990 and disappeared until when his  decomposed body was found in late 1992, in Alaska.  Krakauer is a dogged  sleuth, who has succeeded in tracing McCandless' path across the nation,  into Mexico, and finally to Alaska and his final days.  Krakauer is also a  very gifted writer in weaving together both his specific story (McCandless'  journey) and the larger questions of what drives so many young men to  extreme personal odysseys.
0060392584|5.0|Never in my right mind would I have ever thought of respecting Marilyn  Manson.  But now I do, all owed towards this funny and entertaining book of  his. This guy is was drug-addicted and maybe a bit insane also, but this  book made him a much more appreciable person to have on our planet.<br />How 9  inch nails covered them in vaseline, catsup, and other junk, then had the  security drive them for 1/2 an hour somewhere, then ditch them naked in a  snowy area, leaving Manson's gang to beg college students for a ride back.  They drove into a cemetary, stole some bones, then Twiggy dragged the bones  around them on tour that whole year.  These acts and scenes are scary and  dangerous accounts that opened up my narrowminded thinking.  A change for  me as a person and human being on our small little planet.
B0000042MY|5.0|The more I play this CD the more I like it. It's a symphonic poem in which the main theme comes back all the time, only to enhance the composition in it's beauty. When I listen to it I drift a million miles away getting in  touch with my emotions. The grandeur of this music is beyond belief. A CD I  will play many many times.
B000002UE1|4.0|The songs on this album are hot and heavy with a driving bass rythem. Mark Farner simple but elegant lead lines blend effortlessly into the driving melodies of the tunes. Anyone into the early 70s rock scene must have this  album in their collection.
B0000027RL|5.0|No need to think it, go get it, it's awesome. I can't get enough of  listening to it. Get it man!!
067960085X|5.0|When Truman Capote is at his best -- and he is definitely at his best in Breakfast at Tiffany's -- he is the equal of any American author of the 20th century.  Capote paints with words the picture of an enduring time,  place and person: mid-century, New York, the small town girl who seeks fame  and fortune in the big city.  This is a master artist at his finest.<br />For  those who have seen it, the movie is a marvel, but it is constrained by the  strictures of its time to be less than candid and less than faithful to the  book.  The book, while not as explicit or detailed as would be one written  today, benefits from those restraints.  We learn enough to appreciate Holly  Golightly and the strange, wonderful and dangerous world in which she  lived.  We may know more -- about the author, to be sure -- but it isn't  necessary to the book or the story.  Its omission is actually  helpful.<br />Breakfast at Tiffany's is like a radio drama of its era.  Capote's skillful use of words allows our imagination to fill in the  details.  Read it and appreciate one of the greats.
B000002UWF|5.0|This is a fantastically good disc--75 minutes worth of toe-tapping fun,  with Prima's scat singing, Keely Smith's sultry singing, and the swinging  horns of Sam Butera.  Loads of fun!  I loved every track--even the hokey  &quot;Beep Beep&quot; which is based on the Sputnik period.  One of the  many highlights is &quot;Zooma Zooma&quot;, which was the song that the  dirty old man vocalized during Connie Corleone's wedding while the  Godfather conducted family business.  IF YOU DON'T ENJOY THIS DISC, YOU'RE  GONE, MAN--TOO FAR GONE TO HELP!
0399128964|5.0|This novel is easily the greatest book I have ever read.  The novel  examines ecology, economics, politics, theology and philosophy while  telling an epic tale of a boy's and a people's rise from obscurity to  power.  The pages of this book contain a complete culture.  We see the  corruption and greed of the Imperium, the schemes of the secretive Bene  Gesserit, and the heroic dedication of the Fremen.  Herbert's philosophy  carries its own power and grandeur that makes this novel incredible
B000000WFF|4.0|You don't have to worry if you liked their first album. No doubt you will find this CD great, too.  I personally feel 'Spiceworld' is even better with more harmony (not only in music but in general atmosphere).  If you  are not after Spice Girls you might think you shouldn't have bought it,  though.
6305180261|5.0|This video compiles all of their best videos over the years and puts them  on one 75 minute tape so you don't have to got through the trouble of  watching mtv everyday trying to tape them which would be impossible. This  is a great video. Every GNR Fan must have it.     END
0061002860|4.0|What a great book I picked for my first Agatha. I can't believe how well she twisted the hints in with the story- so that the ending was both shocking and logical.  Glad I started my mystery reading with a book so  well written.
B000002KBA|5.0|This album is loaded with pure talent and virtuosity! With Blackmore and Lord trading solos,Paice's jazz style of drumming,Glover's subtle bass playing, and last but certainly not least,Gillan's powerful vocal  range.This is a must get CD if you love classic rock at its best. To this  day, this album,along with Machine Head and Led Zeppelin 4, reamains the  standards for all present and future bands.
0152465030|5.0|Some books you read once, and then never pick up the book again. This book is one that gets better and more applicable with each reading. I enjoyed it as a child, but I learned from it reading it in college. It is a book that  I would take genuine pleasure in reading to my (future) children and  passing on to them.
B00000BKI4|5.0|beautiful and quite unique.  Melding a traditional rootsy feel with weird instrumentation,(is that a Theremin that provides the spooky version of the Good Vibrations noise?),Deserter's Songs evokes a bygone age using modern  pop songs like the Band did on their unmatched second album.  And as if  acknowledging their influence, Garth Hudson and Levon Helm pop up on a  couple of tracks with help from their current producer/arranger Aaron  Hurvitz. Full of wonders, unlike much of today's groups' output, this bares  repeated listening. If you had to force a comparison, the only one I can  think of is Pavlov's Dog.
0425163407|3.0|Once again I was captured by the writing of Ms.Cornwell.  Unfortunately she has, once again, disappointed me at the end.  Cornwell has the abitlity to keep the reader attached and always wanting more.  The new topic of germ  warfare was especially interesting.  My only complaint is that what should  be the climax or final showdown is just simply stumbled upon without any  deduction.  I feel somewhat let down by the ending of Ms. Cornwell's  novels.
0399143904|3.0|Once again a classic Clancy novel, with all the usual ingredients that make him a popular author.<br />However I am a little dissapointed in this his latest thriller since I think that Tom struggled with a credible plot.<br />I  frankly find the premise of the &quot;back to the caves&quot; zealot  plotting the destruction of humanity a bit of a stretch, and the ending is  LAME!!!... <br />I harken back to the days of &quot;The Hunt for Red October&quot;  and my personal favorite, &quot;Red Storm Rising&quot; for exemplarly  Clancy tales ... <br />Tom, if you are reading this, forget present,   concentrate on the past.
0606040323|5.0|Only those people inclined to book-burning would find fault with this superb and yes, also disturbing, novel.  Like only the best fiction and movies for children, it has lessons for us all. It is, unequivocally superb.
B000002LGQ|4.0|The definitive Madonna Album. Depth, melody and sincerity. This is one of the eighties' essential albums. Timeless.
0394533992|5.0|This book covers so many fundamental culinary techniques, I can't imagine anyone serious about cooking without their own  copy. As a new college graduate, I am teaching myself to cook.  Julia Child is a true educator and  actually explains the WHYS and HOWS of cooking--like why eggs should be  beaten in a copper bowl or  how the expansion of air makes pastry rise.  Julia Child's straighforward and informal approach makes cooking accessible  to even the culinary illiterate ( as I was a short time ago). I possess  almost all of Julia Child's books now, and they are all excellent. If you  are a young fresh college  graduate wanting to learn to stand on your own  and cook for yourself, you will never go wrong with Julia Child!!
0684833395|5.0|I can clearly recall after over 30 years the stir that Catch-22 caused in the group of friends I was close to in college. The book at first reading was so outrageously funny and captivating that it was a major error to put  down the only copy we had for any reason. The sole copy left unattended  would immediately be picked up by one of the &quot;vultures&quot; that were  constantly circling the fortunate one who had the book, looking for an  opening. <br />On subsequent readings of this remarkable novel the incredible  depth of characters and irony comes through more forcefully and new meaning  is discovered.  Heller's command of the language and his fine understanding  not only of the madness of war and the insane reasons those in charge offer  for its necessity but also of the day to day absurdities of life in the  military and by extension in everyday life, make this a novel a Bible of  Truth that for those of us who have experienced those absurdities and that  madness. Conversely, those who do not have the experiences of armed  conflict and interaction with any military machine still get full meaning  of &quot;the catch&quot;. This novel touches so completely the soul of an  ultimately sane man, Yossarian, living in a totally insane world. That the  phrase &quot;its a Catch-22 situation&quot; has so completely entered the  language and that it is understood by those who use it exactly as Heller  intended is the ultimate compliment and review of this timeless work.
B000002J1M|5.0|This is just one of many great albums that Genesis has made in their long and varied career.  On earlier albums like this one, the lyrics were often clever and unusual.  Instead of the simple, repetative love lyrics that one  usually hears on top-40 radio (some of which you get from later period  Genesis), many earlier Genesis songs contained interesting stories, some  funny, some sad.  Even their songs about love often had unique lyrics back  then.  <br />Even more importantly, I think, their music was interesting and  unusual.  This was their fourth album, but it was only the second of five  to feature the 'classic' Genesis line-up of Peter Gabriel (lead vocals,  flute, percussion, etc.), Tony Banks (keyboards, guitar, back-up vocal),  Mike Rutherford (bass, guitars, bass pedals, back-up vocal), Phil Collins  (drums, vocals), and Steve Hacket (lead, 12-string, and classical guitars).   The music was often more querky in this period (early to mid 70s) than it  became later, so if your a fan of later Genesis, but haven't heard this one  or _Nursery Crime_ yet, it may take some getting used to, but if you give  it a chance, it may grow on you as it did for me.<br />There are many great  passages to listen to on the first half of the album, but it is the second  half that makes this particular album unique and memerable.  Steve Hacket  performs a short, pretty classical guitar solo, &quot;Horizons,&quot; which  is then followed by a twenty-minute long masterpiece suite of shorter  pieces which are pieced together called &quot;Supper's Ready.&quot;  As any  piece of such length ought to, &quot;Supper's Ready&quot; has many  different time signatures, tempos, moods, and modes.  There are exiting  electric guitar bits, awsome organ solos, vocal harmonies both mellow and  intense, multiple twelve-string guitar textures, pretty piano passages, and  powerful bass and drums.<br />So if you already like this sort of music, or if  you just want to expand your &quot;horizons,&quot; and listen to something  unique, different, interesing, and beautiful, I recomend this album.
0688152023|5.0|I was looking for something I could do to strenghten my body w/low or no impact on my bad knees.  I have to say that this work out is great.  It is more of a challenge than you would think it would be.  When your done your  body knows that it has worked out.  It really gets your blood flowing &amp;  is very calming to the soul....
B000002TYK|5.0|This album, I admit is not as good as the Colour and the Shape, but with one man playing all the instruments for all of the songs except for X-Static, what could be any better?  My personal favorite songs are Weenie  Beenie, Oh, George, For All The Cows, Wattershed, and This is a Call, but   I am in no way, shape, or form, criticizing the other songs.  The other  songs are excellent too.  This is one of my favorite CD's.   *BUY THIS IS  YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY!!!!!  THERE IS NOTHING TO LOSE, ONLY GOOD MUSIC TO  GAIN!!!!!!*
B000006OAM|1.0|Natalie Merchant is one of the most overrated artists to come down the pike since Celine Dion. Listening to this album was painful. Her lyrics are uniformly depressing, and her mushy vocals only make it worse. The only  thing I got out of this album is that she looks down on all of her fans  from her high horse. If the songs were catchy, this snootiness might be  forgiveable, but there's nary a hook in sight. Avoid this album for your  own health.
B00000AFDW|4.0|Psyco-Circus is a fantastic blend of classic KISS with a 90's touch.  You can't help but play this album (CD) over and over. There is a great variety of material on the album, from the hard rocking title track to more laid  back but totally awesome material like WE ARE ONE.  Every KISS fan will  will love that track.  The artwork with changing cover is great, so is the  screen saver included on the disc.  The only complaint I would have is the  time.  THe CD is about 45 minutes, but it is a very, very good 45 minutes.
B000001Y42|1.0|After hearing this album, I had the sudden urge to drive to the dentist to have all my teeth yanked---without anesthesia. My thinking was that, since I had suffered so horribly at the hands of this band, a little more pain  wouldn't be so bad at all. The &quot;songs&quot; all sound the same, which  is to say bad, and the lead singer's voice has all the musicality of a  rusty chainsaw carving up a blackboard. People with plants or pets  shouldn't buy this album, because the former will die and the latter will  go mad and bite their owners. Avoid this album like the plague!!!
0399142851|4.0|It took almost fifty pages for the book to really get going, but once the torso was finally uncovered, things really started to move.  I really enjoyed the book over-all.  Dr. Scarpetta has not yet lost her touch.  She  is still the strong, yet human Chief Medical Examiner that everyone who  reads the series loves.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album rules!! Alanis still has the power to write awesome songs with a cool beat! Alanis keep it up!!
B0000047BA|5.0|This is a very special record, with a unique combination of styles. Some arabian sounds make it very exotic.  Perfect to hear late at night, and dream in a very special atmosphere...
1567184855|5.0|Excellent book for those who are interested in life after life. My husband and I read this book three times and then bought twenty one additional copies to pass out to family and friends. Hope there is a sequel soon.
0385484518|5.0|I can see why this book has been a best-seller for almost a year.  It is a moving book and, because the chapters are short, it is an easy book to pick up and put down at will.
0399143904|4.0|This is not Clancy's best work.  The last really great work was 'Executive Order.'   Rainbow Six is slow moving, and the first third of the book could have been covered in about 20 pages.  Overall, it was actually kind of  boring.  Just another terrorist attempt to use biological warfare to kill  the world's population.  This theme has appeared many, many times in other  author's novel.
0385470819|5.0|I grew up in Mississippi, in the area where John Grisham's novels usually take place.  I am well acquainted with the incident that probably originally inspired Mr. Grisham to develop the plot of this book.  Although  in the actual incident, the little girl was white, and the rapist black,  the reversal that was in the novel made for a very fascinating situation.   I also thought of the grief and frustration of the father of the girl, and  was deeply moved by the portrayal of the father in the book.  The  characters in the book are so familiar, and the story details so obviously  personal, that this may very well remain, in my opinion and many others',  Grisham's finest.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is absolutely a great album. All nice christmas songs sang by the great Celine and also contains real cool tracks like I'm your angel (with R.Kelly) These are special times (written by Diane Warren) The prayer ( a  beautiful and warm duet ) .. Can't wait for it to be released!..ultimate  album!
B000002UJQ|5.0|A friend of mine suggested me to listen to that So I did. The power of that music is immense.
B000002AHM|5.0|Since buying this album from you it has been played every day and I am still finding fresh nuances. How such pace and emotion can be matched with such precision is beyond the understanding of a mere mortal such as I. This  music will pick you up, throw you around and leave you feeling both worn  out and elated at the same time.   A joy. PS I'm now selling my guitar.
0060977493|3.0|Roy's novel is earthy, fleshy.  She reminds us that evil, particularly when it is focused on children, is international.  We are forced, as westerners to recognize our world with all its flaws in the unfamiliar  locus of India, and ourselves in the foreign men, women and children of  Roy's book.  Like the father who instructs his son in the Chandogya  Upanishad, Roy's book takes the smallest of the small and instructs the  reader that from this, one can perceive the finest essence of a thing.
0380789019|1.0|Boring. Tedious. Predictable. Dull. Words I never would have associated with Neil Gaiman. Until now.<br />I cannot believe this book was written by the author of &quot;Sandman&quot; (for DC Comics) and &quot;Good  Omens&quot; (with Terry Pratchett) both of which I enjoyed immensely. To  put it simply, this book reads like what somebody attempting to write like  Neil Gaiman would turn out, and not at all the sort of thing I would expect  from Mr. Gaiman himself.<br />I read &quot;Good Omens&quot; twice (and will  probably read it again. I re-read all of the &quot;Sandman&quot;  periodically). Not only will I never read the garbage that is  &quot;Neverwhere&quot; again, I regret having wasted a portion of my life  reading it in the first place.
0679457313|2.0|I had high expectations for this book:  the reviews were great and it won the Booker Prize.  I was disappointed.  The book had only a few good moments.  I admit that Roy did a good job with some descriptive passages.  It wasn't enough to make this a good book.  Throughout the story, all the  characters remained unlikeable.  While I understand that they were caught  in a cultural web not of their making, none of the characters was able to  break free.  The literary devices employed by Roy served as a distraction  rather than an enhancement of this story. Also,  Roy's disjointed writing  style was extremely annoying.
B000001FHV|4.0|This Meat Puppets CD is one of the prizes of my CD collection.  I just love the wonderful melodys and guitar tracks that the band has.    I would strongly suggest this CD to anyone who loves good alternative rock.                                 -David S. Kleparek
0671015206|1.0|How many times can you say, the millionaire next door doesn't drive a new car, wear an expensive watch, live in an expensive house and his wife clips coupons. Oh, what they forgot to say was these people are BORING!!! Hey  there is a big world out there, live a little!!
B0000025HU|5.0|Not just a punk rock classic, but one of the best rock albums I've ever heard. Highlights include Train In Vain, Guns of Brixton, Rudie Can't Fail, Spanish Bombs and the title track, although all the songs are good. Highly  recommended.
0385484518|5.0|This is an inspiring and fascinating story that shares great insight into the realities of a treasured life and looking death in the eye.
B000002G23|5.0|If you're like me, and you have all the Police albums on vinyl LPs, this is the CD collection you've been waiting for.<br />The b-sides and rarities are a nice touch.
B00000DFTH|5.0|Black Sabbath is back.  The all original line up!  While most people would assume that sab is a bunch of geezers who have lost their touch, the band is back in full force.  Live recordings of songs like &quot;Into the  Void&quot; and &quot;Lord of This World&quot; that are &quot;closet  classics&quot; are sure to please the true sabbath fan.  The new projects  are good as well.  &quot;Psycho Man&quot; proves that the band is still as  strong as ever.  MAY BLACK SABBATH LIVE FOREVER.
B000000WCA|5.0|Who at this time doesn't love the girls is a sourpuss with no life. The girls are fun, their looks are awesome and their voices cool, specially Mel C's (Sporty), she has the more powerful voice.    I like the Spice Girls  because they are like me and my friends: a bunch of girls that know how  have a good time. They don't care what the media has to say about them,  they care only for the fans.     The good thing of being a Spice fan is all  the stuff you can choose from. I'm proud of being a Spice fan, what about  you? They are no stars enough for this master piece. Girl Power will last  forever!!!    Besides, how can you resist dancing to &quot;Wannabe&quot; or  &quot;Who do you think you are?&quot;? FUN = SPICE (with or without ginger)
630512762X|4.0|Non-Stop action.  Original stunt sequences.  The DVD transfer is great.   Very good surround sound performance.  A good disc to show off your system. END
B000002KY8|5.0|As we approach 1999, this record still has what it takes. It was ground breaking back in 1982 when it was released and to be honest still sounds better than most music that's been released since.<br />Prince went on to  bigger and better things after this record it's just a shame few other  recording artist have.<br />Endlessly inventive, catchy, very danceable,  extremely rude but  more than anything fun - 1999 has it all1
B000002TQV|4.0|Not as consistantly dazzling as their latest effort, Ok Computer (buy this.  Please.), The Bends nevertheless is emotional and intelligent.  Even the jangly bits are cohesive.  And every once in a while, a line pops up so  personal, so monsterously PERSONAL, as in the flawless  &quot;Fake Plastic  Trees&quot;, that you cannot breathe...     She lives with a broken man       A cracked polystyrene man      Who just crumbles       And burns      And  it wears him out...
B00000099Y|5.0|Ever listen to a CD and know it changed your entire life . . . From your way of thinking, to the way music now is just guys playing guitars with someone singing about how he lost his love.  Tool destroyed all this.  They  are the next dimension in music.  Listen.  Don't just hear the music.  Before you blow these guys off as just another industrial band, feel the  music (because you can).
0451450523|5.0|The Last Unicorn has to be the best childhood legend to grow up with. It appeals to all ages &amp; you never tire of it. If only there were more books like this in the world....
0517122707|5.0|Ignatius J. Reilly is alive and well and living all over this country! Such a masterful character who is rarely encountered with such depth and reality. We are all the poorer for John Kennedy Toole's early demise.
B00000DGUG|1.0|After hearing the Thank You music video for the nth time on MTV I finally bought the cd ... in particular I wanted to find out what the lyrics were (the way she sang garbled some of the words, so the message of the song was  unclear) after the lyrics, I STILL have not the faintest clue what the song  is about. I really enjoyed Jagged Little Pill, but this CD has thus far  been filled with utterly forgettable songs.
0345350499|4.0|If you like ancient history, romance, wars and the Celtic heritage, here's what you need to read!
B000000IWE|5.0|Each group member excells, putting out one great ballad after another in this typical Moodies non-stop searching, mesmerizing, &amp; every questioning album. Lyrics and tempo are second to no other Moodies album.  The ever present Hayward &amp; Lodge influence is always there, adding that  distinct Moodies touch to every song. Mike Pinder (who would eventaully  leave the band, the only original member to ever depart((excluding the  &quot;Go Now&quot; crew)), opens with &quot;Lost in a Lost World&quot;, a  truely under-rated Moodies favorite, and is followed by Justin Hayward with  &quot;New Horizons&quot; and then Ray Thomas (the flute player) on  &quot;For My Lady&quot;. Next comes the pop-hit &quot;Isn't Life  Strange&quot;, surely one of John Lodge's finer love songs. &quot;Isn't  Life&quot; used the same roller-coaster tempo change as  &quot;Question&quot; &amp; &quot;Nights in White Satin&quot; to mesmerize  and captivate the listener. Listening to these four consecutive Moodies  tracks is just the  start...this album just keeps on coming at you. Next is  &quot;You and Me&quot; featuring J. Hayward and Graeme Edge (the drummer  &amp; eldest member). A beautiful quick tempo love song with great lyrics.  Next is Hayward (again) on &quot;The Land of Make-Believe&quot; a dynamic  70's college campus hit...a love ballad that rang so true..&quot;Only love  will see you through&quot; Second to last is Pinder once again with  &quot;When Your a Free Man&quot;, a Pinder best...his lyrics &amp; keyboard  talents would surely be missed on much later albums. He collaborated well  with Hayward &amp; Lodge...(he was missed!) John Lodge closes out the album  with the albums second pop-hit &quot;I'm just a Singer in a Rock and Roll  Band)&quot;...a fitting ending to a truly great album. This was a  relatively short album ( only 40 min.), but for sound, lyrics and group  effort, it was anything but!!~!! The Moodies temporarily split after this  album, and took 5 years off. Hayward and Lodge put out a joint effort  called &quot;The Blue Jays&quot;. &quot;Blue Jays&quot; &amp; &quot;Seventh  Sojourn&quot; were book-end albums....amazingly similar...and as always,   amazingly MOODIES !~!
0930289455|5.0|Batman: The Killing Joke is simply the finest superhero story ever told. Although the concept looks traditional (Joker escaping and Batman trying to capture him), it focuses very little on action and more on the tortured  psychological profile of this famous villain. The Joker here is perhaps in  his vilest appearance, but later on, as the story unfolds, the reader  almost feels pity for him, as his tragic origin is revealled.  The book also contains some very  controversial aspects that make it have a really very adult feel. And the art is equally  brilliant with the story. This guy (sorry I don't remember his name) drew  one of the best Batmans I have seen in comic form. All in all, I strongly  believe that this book should be listed in the top-10 of the best comics of  all time.
006016848X|3.0|While Gray makes some interesting points and provides good insight into some relationship issues, our Venutian book group's consensus was that this book did not provide any substantive help.  The TITLE makes the point that  men and women communicate differently about emotional issues and Gray does  not move much beyond that.  The writing is over-clarified, too repetitive,  and drawn out. All one has to do is read the highlighted sentences to get  the message.  A shorter version would have been preferred.  Many in the  group were of the opinion that the book was written for a woman's  improvement.  Gray's tone is condescending, often slick, and arrogant.   Some of his solutions verge on the chauvinistic:  go shopping, call a  friend, eat something delicious. Hogwash!
B00000DGUG|5.0|This is probably THE best Alanis CD. She is a real artist, unlike some bands like Backstreet Boys who just woe about their lost love and try to romance girls. Alanis is in touch with the real world and all its problems.  Her CD just describes it all. Her CD rises above all the others and without  doubt, this will be on the top 10 Billboard Charts for a looong time
B000001DTM|5.0|what more can be said...... this album is the type of                      music I could only dream of, to create something like this is unmistakably genius I love  some                      legendary groups, classic rock  modern rock,, but Im confident in saying that this album  has the best                       music on it EVER, yes EVER. Listen to every track, not just  the hits. each is  BRILLIANT*****                      10/10 100% pure  emotion , blood and tears on these tracks. If you are reading this and   don't have                      the album yet,,,,,well brace yourself,,,you  will be entering a new dimension of music, you  will enjoy                       :) Enjoy
B000000ITM|3.0|This cd offers a great blues sound that is perfect easy listening while working or as background music while talking.  However, it lacks a defining song.  While every song is very good and listenable, there is no song for  which you would buy the whole cd for. If you want a cd which you can pop in  and run through without skipping a track, this cd is perfect.  However, if  you are looking for a song or songs which you can play and amaze a friend,  this cd may not suit you.
B000003TBP|5.0|What Beck has started to explore with Odelay is nothing less than the marriage of all musical styles-- country, rap, rock, techno, classical-- at the altar of the turn table. An excellent, intellectual album.
B00000DLVA|4.0|The band seems to have taken a slight shift in direction from their previous CDs.  Gran Turismo is not as sad as some of the songs on 'First Band on the Moon', and they're not as catchy and flighty as 'Life'.  Being  a Cardigans fan, I'm slightly disappointed, but if I change to Track 8, I  can live with it, and hope the CD will grow on me.
B000002MY3|5.0|The songs on the CD reallly have tough and vibrant messages, which  is what I like about AM.  If you ask me, &quot;All I Really Want&quot; is cool!
B000002MY3|5.0|I just LOVE this CD!  Alanis really has a way with words and a way of getting to the heart of matters.  Whenever I'm sad, lonely, depressed, or feeling great--wanting to feel wonderful, I put in this CD.  Her fabulous  lyrics describe so much of my life and I really look forward to her next  masterpiece--THANK YOU ALANIS,THANK YOU MORISSETTE, THANK YOU THANK YOU!!
B00000612G|4.0|This is an extremely reflective and personal album for Richie.  The 80's glam/anthem rock guitar legend has given way to a simpler, acoustic-driven stroll through the wheat fields, and it works.  Sure, there are some  rockers on this one, but he's already proven on previous Bon Jovi records  that he can make a Fender Strat or a Gibson Les Paul scream in any stadium  or arena. His musical evolution and love of the acoustic 6 and 12-string  shine through on this record, particularly on &quot;Harlem Rain&quot; and  &quot;In It For Love.&quot;  Kudos to a great musician and a great album.   If it weren't for me seeing him in concert 10 years ago in Biloxi,  Mississippi, I wouldn't be playing guitar today.
0385484518|5.0|I greatly enjoyed this book.  The underlying meaning and substance of this story unearthed emotions I never knew existed.  It is a well-written, powerful novel that can be read and interpreted by anyone.
B00000DLV1|5.0|Finnaly the New York concert from Portishead has been released. For a long time the fans have been asking for the release of this cd.. why ? HEAR IT AND YOU'LL SEE !!! ...... Portishead sound great live and on studio...  Grade AAA+++
B00000018T|5.0|Elvis, Elvis, Elvis, man what you could have been, with this recording alone you would have been in the rock &amp; roll hall of fame.<br />RCA, RCA how you let a talent like this go to hell is the crime of the century. This  is an recording that cannot be put in a simple review it is just to great.<br />DCC has done a fantastic job of remastering from the master tapes.  RCA/BMG you could learn how to re-master a good sounding cd from this small  company.<br />This cd is warm and fantastic sound stage, Elvis sounds great  and my, my what a band. Folks forget the crap released in todays  popr/country music and set down and listen to a master at his best.<br />Elvis  could have died after this release and he would have never been topped, not  by the Beatles or The Stones. Elvis, Elvis, Elvis man you were the man. It  is just to bad RCA/ along with a bad manager let you slip away until the 68  comeback and the 1969 return in vegas.<br />What could have been, folks buy  this DCC gold disc and set back and be amazed. On any level this recording  is a keeper for all time.<br />Now BMG what about a 24/96 bit re-mastering  of this recording, made with tube amps and tape deck.
B00000DGUG|1.0|A friend bought this cd because of all the Alanis Morisette hype on MTV and VH1.. We listened to it one time and I'm affraid that once will be all we'll ever listen to it ! Her first cd had 1 good song and 2 songs that  were at least worth listening to but this cd doesn't even come close to her  first ... I didn't like a single song on the whole cd. And what's up with  the no clothes thing anyway? I suppose she needs to try anything to make  something that's no good sell....
B000002WMH|5.0|Great, Great, Great. The big bang for an entire world. Before Elvis their was nothing for white america to grove too. Music became intergrated and youth became the king of the music market and it has never been the same again.<br />Only way to improve on this  box set would be to re-master it in 24 bit and use tube equipment in  recording chain. The sound is a bit bit cold and digital sounding. Just  compare to the DCC remastering of the same songs<br />This box set is history  for ages and all generations.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This Canadian, in a long list of other Canadians (Celine Dion, Jim Carey, Shania Twain) is again doing Canada proud!  Supposed is a well orchestrated, lyrically profound album that will make you think,  &quot;Isn't it ironic?&quot;
B00000DGUG|4.0|In terms of technique, quality of voice, and musical style, Alannis does not excel.  However, WHO CARES??  <br />Alannis is a unique artist who was one of the first musicians to put FEELING into her work.  It does not matter to  me that she does scream and not does play an instrument.  She made an album  that is ORIGINAL, AND NOT A CARBON COPY OF HER FIRST.  <br />Some of her songs  take a little getting used to, but when you do, SFIJ is well worth the  money.  Enjoy.
B00000DGUG|4.0|I don't care what these people say about Alanis not being deep or insightful or whatever. I think she sounds great. Jagged Little Pill was not my favorite cd of all time, but I enjoyed listening to it. I believe  her new cd is the same. Sometimes I like music because it sounds good. If  you don't like the sound of her voice, don't listen to her music. It  doesn't have to be deep to be good. Just ask a Hanson fan! They have  millions of fans, and their music is a FAR CRY from deep or insightful!
0688158129|5.0|This book blew me away!  I have never read a book that actually took my breath away but this one did.  Jodi Picoult does a masterful job of defining a love so intense that not even family members could come close to  understanding the depth of Chris &amp; Em's relationship.  From the  accounts of childhood play, to the awakening of their bodies as young  adults, to the courtroom drama, this book kept me on the edge of my seat.   I cried when I finished the book -- I didn't want the story to end.
B000002GI0|5.0|This Hiatt disc never gets old, especially the  perfect line-up of the songs.
0345350499|5.0|This book is one of the most well written and enchanting pieces of literature that I have ever read. The characters draw you into the story and the plot entangles you in it self.  This was the first MZB book I ever  read, at first the thickness of the book was daunting, but I was determined  to read it, and boy am I glad that I did! Since then, I have read every  book by MZB that I can get my hands on but this by far is her finest  achievement.  From the moment I picked it up I couldn't set it down until I  reached the end, and even then I wanted more, an enchanting read!!!
B000002UUX|5.0|This is megadeth's best record for the seriousness in most of its lyrics and for the complexity in the music which still gets the power to keep your ear on it
B00000DATR|4.0|Unlike the previous two efforts, TB3 is a very 'contemporary' album. Some drum'n'bass, some spacey Orb influenced stuff - and some classical Spanish guitar. The ideal 'driving' album for 1998.
6304498969|5.0|I was absolutely floored by the quality of this DVD.  The video  presentation was flawlessly clear and the digital soundtrack was just  beautiful.  &quot;Tears From Heaven&quot; literally brings tears to your   eyes.  I can watch this DVD repeatedly and still wish it was longer.  This   is a must have DVD for everyone.  END
0399143904|1.0|Too long.  Too little action.  Too many wasted words preaching Clancy's views. Too boring.
B000003BEV|5.0|I love the Stones, and I love Britsh rock, particularly of the 60s and 70s, so I love this album.  Many Stones fans aren't too crazy about this album, but they just might be prejudiced against it by some pre-conceived  notion of what the Stones are supposed to sound like.  Frankly, I'm sick of  hearing people pan this one as a lame attempt to jump on the Beatles' Sgt.  Pepper Band Wagon.  Sure it's from that era, and lots of pop music from any  given era will be influenced by contemporary trends, and I would not be at  all surprised if the Stones were inspired (as everyone was) by the Beatles  at the time (1967) to do a comparably creative album with a comparably  expensive album cover, but all things considered, I do not think that  _Satanic Majesty_ sounds particularly like _Sgt. Pepper_, except that they  are both products of British Pop-Rock Culture of that time (so were many  other worthy classics, such as Pink Floyd's _Piper at the Gates of Dawn_).   There was a creative explosion going on at the time; other bands that were  involved in that whole scene included the Moody Blues, Yardbirds, and many  others, and the way was being paved for great sounds to follow in the next  few years like Zep and King Crimson.  The mellotron was a groovy new  keyboard instrument which the Stones used most effectively on songs like  &quot;2000 Light Years from Home.&quot;  The lyrics evoke many exotic  images, while the beautiful melodies, tones, and harmonies evoke many  moods.  &quot;She's a Rainbow&quot; beautifully blends voices, piano (Nicky  Hopkins is awsome), guitar, and strings for a sound I could only describe  as &quot;Rock n' Roll Mozart.&quot;  Most of the songs, as on most Stones  albums, are by that prolific pair: Mick Jagger and Keith Richards.   &quot;In Another Land,&quot; however, is by Bill Wyman and is a great song  with many effects and instruments.  So maybe there are a few minutes of  self-indulgent extended instrumental filler, but virutally every songis  great.  That is what made the 60s a great period for bands like the Stones;  they were a bluesy rock band, but they were so much more than that.  Don't  listen to all the negative, cynical hype;  light some incense, turn on your  lava lamp, and give this wonderful album a chance.
B000002H2H|5.0|In this record metallica shows what they are made of leading your ear into real hard metal but with a touch of feelings you hardly find otherwere but master of puppets
B0000024JN|5.0|THIS album is the first, and the BEST of them all!  ALL their following albums took the lead from THIS one!  No offense, but &quot;Paul's Boutique&quot; and the rest MUST BOW DOWN to License 2 Ill!  This album is  NOT &quot;frat-boy-immature-joke-rap&quot;, like the self-proclaimed  culture critics claim!  This is just down-to earth straight-up REAL  HIP-HOP!  One of the GREATEST of all time!
B00000DC4A|5.0|I'm a fan for 14 years and I tell you: this is definately his best album since 1987's &quot;Into the fire&quot;. Bryan Adams sounds like a new Bryan but, at the same time, reminds us of the great things he did in the past.  Songs like &quot;I'm a liar&quot;, &quot;Getaway&quot; and &quot;Before the  night is over&quot; are perfect ! It's amazing how the guitar riffs in this  last one reminds us of &quot;One night love affair&quot;, from the 1985  album &quot;Reckless&quot;. I can't stop listening to this CD ! Even the  ballads are great, totally different from that &quot;Have you ever realy  loved a woman&quot; stuff. Bob Rock's produciton did great for this album.  If you're a Bryan fan, what are you waiting for ? Go get this album !!! And  if you're not, give it a shot and buy it. I'm sure you'll love it.
B000002J2D|5.0|This album immediately followed the departure of talented guitarist Steve Hacket which left bassist/guitarist Mike Rutherford doing all the guitar parts on this album.  Some may disagree with me, but I think that Mike did  a great job.  This album is very dominated by the sound of Tony Banks'  Polymoog synthesizer which gives it a distinctive mood.  Like other Genesis  albums, the rhythms get intense and the melodies and harmonies get  downright magical.  &quot;Ballad of Big&quot; is a funny song, whether they  meant for it to be or not; it's a Polymoog-driven cowboy song, if you can  imagine that.  &quot;Down and Out&quot; features intense drumming from Phil  Collins, and Tony's synth solo really tears it up!  The lyrics on that one  are interesting as they deal with the cut-throat pressures of the  white-collar world.  &quot;Undertow&quot; and &quot;Burning Rope&quot; are  two highly emotional and dramatic masterpieces by Tony, and his &quot;The  Lady Lies&quot; has really groovy, spooky synth riffs and solos coupled  with very modern sounding grand piano.  Mike wrote the fairly upbeat  &quot;Deep in the Motherlode&quot; about mining for gold.  Mike's &quot;Say  it's Allright, Joe&quot; is the sad ballad of a tipler, with suprisingly  dramatic contrasting passages.  &quot;Scenes from a Night's Dream&quot; is  a fun and funny song with weird, goofy lyrics about the affects of late  night snacking on the sleeping unconscious, but it really rocks, too!   &quot;Follow You, Follow Me&quot; is music by the trio with romantic lyrics  by Mike; it introduced Genesis finally to American top-40 radio and is a  really well-crafted pop song with guitar put through an effects unit to  create a hypnotic foundation over which Tony plays one of the most  melodically beautiful synth solos ever written.  Throughout the album,  Phil's vocals bring the appropriate emotions to each song.
B00000DLUV|5.0|I can't wait to see the Bee Gees when they perform in Sydney, Australia, in March 1999. I only hope they play a lot of the songs on this live album. It's a real treat that this album includes hits (including new versions of  quite a few songs) from all the decades during which they have been writing  great songs and presenting great performances. AND you get to hear Andy  Gibb, Franki Valli (Grease) and Celine Dion too
B000009ROK|5.0|Ever wanted some romantic spanish music, candel lights, nice music, this is by far the best spanish music in the market right now! you got to have it
B000001U3K|5.0|This is Lou Reed back when he was a spokesman and diarist of New York's gay lifestyle. Much of this record's genius is owed to co-producers David Bowie and his Spiders From Mars sidekick, Mick Ronson. It was Ronson who supplied the gorgeous string arragements on &quot;Perfect Day&quot; and &quot;Walk on the Wild Side&quot; - imbuing those tunes with an etheral grandeur that still resonates. Ronson also supplied his searing trademark guitar (check out the deliciously distorted flourishes and fadeout on &quot;Vicious&quot;) as well as piano and even recorder (&quot;Satellite of Love&quot;).<br />The album's ambiance is, in the words of Archie Bunker: &quot;F-A-G, fruit!&quot; Rock and roll in drag, to be sure, but what the hell, rock was always about rebellion, right? That's what gives this record such a distinctive character (something Reed's recent output seems to be lacking). The king is dead, long live the queen!<br />Also worth checking out: the recently released CD &quot;American Poet&quot; - a frequently bootlegged live recording of Lou Reed and the Tots from 1972 that features vibrant renditions of several Transformer tunes, some Velvet Underground chestnuts, and an amusing interview with Reed.
B00000255O|3.0|While Man-Child has a great album cover and a phat electronic sound; the more I listen to this album the less I like it.  It probably has two songs with real staying power.
B000005B0U|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  I would reccomend it strongly to any music fan who is the mood for comedy and great tunes!
B000000132|5.0|Female lead singer with a 5 octave range voice - classical piano - aggressive but appropriate base - very melodic.  This is music that you won't hear on the radio but should.  Maybe this isn't for everybody, but if  you've feel wanting more after a diet of Moody Blues and Genesis, try this.   It's ear candy.
0399143904|3.0|I've been a Clancy fan since read his &quot;The Hunt for Red October.&quot; But I regretfully found myself losing focus during reading this one. The whole book gave me an impression that I was reading a Leggo  construction plan, how to add another block onto the old ones. Of course,  all the blocks were linked tightly and wouldn't fall apart, but once the  sucker was completed, it looked pretty cool by Leggo standard, but it's  also a creation in a rigid dumb style, no beauty at all, man. I simply  failed to get myself involved from Chapter One, and this book only made me  go back and pick out his &quot;Without Remorse&quot; off my bookshelf and  reread it again. Missing something, buddy?
B000001DYD|5.0|All of PJ's records are great, but this one is by far her rawest and most edgy album to date. Although not every song is worthy of being fantastic, many songs stick out like the sun during a moon-lit night. &quot;Rub 'til  it Bleeds&quot; remains my favorite song on the album for the line  &quot;I'm calling you weak!&quot; is blurted out so powerfully that you  will rewind the track just to hear her bellow out those words again. The  track starts out with the strumming of her guitar in a catchy fashion and  soon she moans - only to begin a string of dazzling music and lyrics.  &quot;Me-Jane&quot;, &quot;Man-Size&quot;, &quot;Missed&quot; and  &quot;50-ft Queenie&quot; are other songs where PJ expresses deep thoughts  in a very emotional way. &quot;Rid of Me&quot; is a clever song for it  strongly displays the repossession of the boyfriend by the X-Girlfriend.  Over and over she screams &quot;Don't you (don't you) wish you never, never  met her!&quot; The rest of the song, however, is close to a mere whisper.  PJ Harvey truly shows that even women can be heavy and raw when performing.  &quot;50-ft Queenie&quot; is a perfect example. Athough a short song, she  really scraps away at her guitar with her forceful music. If you are  looking for a pretty good album of girl rock, you have found the right  artist - and one of her spactactular albums. Other great PJ albums include  &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot;, &quot;Dry&quot;, and &quot;Is This  Desire?&quot;
B000001IPL|4.0|SMASH has a unique sound to it that makes you want to boogy on down to the nearest music store to buy it. Dexter's voice just makes you want to be just like him.  All these songs feel like a real life situation in which  Dexter sings he whole life away.
B0000039QA|5.0|Biggy makes you want to get up and do some thuggin'! It's a sad situation to have him taken from us so young in life.
0800132343|4.0|The following is my review of the re-released (director's cut, with  subtitles) of Wolfgang Peterson's \\"Das Boot\\".  I give the film 4 stars.<br />  Das Boot is a gripping and stunningly authentic journey of the crew of a   German U-boat (U-96) in the second world war.  The film captures the day to   day hardships of the sailors on U-96, mainly through the eyes of a war   correspondent, Lt.Werner.  Every aspect of life at sea is depicted: the   cramped accommodations, the breakdown of hygiene, and the overall squalor   that ensues as forty men live in such a small space for weeks on end.  From   the beginning Werner becomes steadily more aware that the practice of the   U-boat war is quite different from the principle, and that its reality is   in contrast to the propaganda.  Although largely apolitical, the film   does show the subtle contempt that some of men have for the war effort, and   presumably the regime that it supports.  In the beginning, we see the   ship's company partying the night away at a night club in La Rochelle in   Nazi occupied France.  The younger crewmen drink and carouse seemingly   without worry, while the captain (Jergen Prochnow) looks on with grim   disbelief at their youth and naivet.  It is here that we see that there is   a rift between the veteran sailors and the newcomers.  Later in the film,   the captain fiercely berates his young (and fanatical) first officer for   being too disrespectful of threat posed by their British adversaries.  The   monotony of the patrol is broken up when word comes that the boat is to   intercept a nearby convoy.  After a night surface attack, U-96 is depth   charged and hounded by the convoy's escort vessels.  There are masterful   scenes which show the desperate struggle the men undergo to hold the boat   together while trying to elude the Destroyers above.  The groaning of the   hull, the pounding of the depth charges, the frantic cries and orders along   with the ghostly pinging of the enemy's sonar create searing suspense, and   an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia.    A duplicity in the   sailors develops as they remain isolated from both their homeland and the   source of their ideology.  The men cheer wildly when they hear the sound of   one of their torpedoes find its mark, but weep when see British sailors   burning and drowning in the sea.  When U-96 makes a clandestine re-supply   rendezvous with an interned German liner on the Spanish coast, the officers   are revered.  However, the lavish buffet prepared by the Liner's genteel   Captain for the \\"undersea heroes\\", only alienates the weary U-boat men.  It   is as if such hospitality is become total vulgarity.  This point is   emphasised as the liner's officers sieg heil in unison (all in smartly   pressed uniforms), while U-96's officers stand ragged and disoriented.      The climax of the film comes after the boat is dispatched to the   mediteranean via Gibralter.  U-96 attempts to sneek past the British held   port, but is hotly recieved.  Following a brief and harrowing chase, U-96   finds itself resting on the bottom, severely damaged.  The prognosis for   the stricken vessel is poor, as the engineer and crew attempt to repair   her.  Possibly the most authentic scenes in the movie are of the measures   taken by the men to restore their boat, and resurface.  It is at this   point, when it becomes apparent that they will most probably not see home   again, that we see final closure to the bonding that has been happening   between officers and men.  Hours tick by as the captain and most of the   crew begin to pray that the engineer can \\"pull it off\\".  The realization   that they are likely doomed causes each character to have his own reckoning   with the reality of war.      The end of the film is grim and ironic,   but well in keeping with the theme of the movie, which is the tragic waste   of war.  Das boot is a movie much in the spirit of \\"All Quiet on the   Western Front\\".  I recommend it forthose who like their movies with   unflinching honesty and realism, and where the Calvary does not ride over   the hill at the end to save the day.  END
B000001Y5X|5.0|This album is perfect when you're in a bad mood, it helps to relieve that &quot;fight the world&quot; mentality we all get sometimes. I loved it!!  &quot;My Monkey&quot; has long been my favorite track -- truly original.  But, don't buy this album without an open mind.
B000002MFE|5.0|Plugged or unplugged, Eric always delivers. This CD shows a very relaxed Clapton, with a great band backing him. His selection of songs is great, with new material (Signe, Lonely Stranger), old blues (Alberta, Walkin'  Blues, Hey Hey), and some favorites with a new spin. Layla in particular is  great; even though the electric version, with its passionate playing and  singing, is better, this slower take on the song is great, showing how  powerful a song Layla is. Best cuts: Layla, his emotional version of Tears  In Heaven, Nobody Knows You When You're Down And Out, Rollin' And Tumblin'  , Before You Accuse Me, and San Francisco Bay Blues.
0884118622|5.0|Nothing I can possibly say will reflect the beauty of this book. Here is a piece of literature that disguises its grandeur in the simplicity of innocent construction, yet holds in it`s interior the answers to some of  humankinds deepest and most trascendent questions. Bradbury has the poetry  of endless summer nights, yet the conviction and straightforwardness of an  historian. He builds civilizations from his mind and heart only for us to  destroy, yet he gives us the hope of human irresponsability and ignorance  to justify our behaviour. This is the kind of literature that you want to  remember your grandfather by: quiet winter nights, reading by the  fireplace, giving life to those wonderful golden eyed beings from a not so  distant nor strange world in your mind... This is the kind of masterpiece  that you keep in your treasure chest, between your most precious  belongings. I re-read it every year, and everytime I learn something new of  what we are from it. Mr. Bradbury has shared his most precious fantasies  with us, his innermost world of poetry, fantasy, science fiction... and  truth as well. Please read it with your favorite soft music playing!!
B00000DGUG|3.0|I work for a label and I'm a singer and I have found myself stuck about pop music for awhile... love/hate... but I saw the &quot;Thank You&quot; video and cried because I thought it was so beautiful. I guess I'll get  this CD.
0060207051|1.0|Perhaps he is too young, 1 1/2 years, but my son will not even look at this book.  And he probably has 100 others that he loves.
B0000029GA|5.0|this is by far Nas's best effort. this LP is the definition of classic hip-hop. true street poetry. you could take the beats away from this LP and it would still be just as good.
B000002UB6|5.0|I love this album. A lot of it is raw and gritty, but I love sloppy rock and roll (the Stones have made their whole reputation on sloppy rock and roll). Johnny Cash says his favorite song of all time is &quot;Let It  Be,&quot; and that is high praise, and deserved, praise, I think. This  album also won the Acadamy Award for best movie soundtrack the year it and  the movie were released. So imagine that...what some people consider the  band's worst album won them an Oscar!! Personally, I don't think any of the  Beatles albums are bad, so &quot;worst&quot; doesn't mean much. And  personally, I'd rate their first album and &quot;Beatles For Sale&quot;  below this one. I love &quot;I Dig a Pony,&quot; incidentally, to counter  some comments below. The only song I consider weak is &quot;Two of  Us.&quot; There is something anemic about it. But I still like it.  &quot;Maggie Mae&quot; and &quot;Dig It&quot; were thrown in for  astmosphere, so should be judged as such. I'm in love with everything else  on this album. I just wish I'd been on the street below when the Beatles  played live on the roof!
0060254920|5.0|This was a favorite for all three of my children (not to mention countless children I babysat before them), especially my youngest son, Max, who dressed as the King of all Wild Things his first two Halloweens.  Now I  frequently give it as a baby shower gift, for I truly believe no child  should be without it.  It can be appreciated on so many different levels.   Small children learn the simple yet enchanting text by heart.  My boys  loved yelling &quot;Let the wild rumpus start!&quot; and &quot;Be  still!&quot;  Years ago, the librarian at my oldest son's school pointed  out to me how the pictures grow in size as Max nears the land of the wild  things, fill the pages while he is there, then diminish once again as he  returns home.  But the book also teaches us that monsters can be conquered,  that children who misbehave can be forgiven.  It is the book against which  all other children's books are to be judged.
0670878006|3.0|I read this book in 9th grade as a requirement.  I enjoyed the plot, but the older English and vocabulary were utterly impossible to follow.  The constant feeling of despair and pesimism is enough to stress you  tremendously.  The story, itself, however, is wonderful.  You can decide  whether Victor Frankenstein is the monster or whether his creation is the  monster.
B000003TA4|2.0|The one good thing about Nirvana and the grunge movement is it got rid of drum-machines and over-produced music. Here you've got gritty drums and guitar. But the sound--aside from its more natural feel than Billy Ocean  type crap--is monotonous, and has no &quot;charisma&quot; or personality to  it. Every song sounds the same. And Cobain's lyrics are nothing special.  That Nirvana should be considered the great band of the 90's shows how  little the 90's has had to offer.
B000000W5N|5.0|Every song on this album is great.  There are many deeply moving, hauntingly beautiful themes, and some funny ones, too.  Mick Jagger and Keith Richards are a masterfully talented song-writing team.  Keith and  Mick Taylor provide expert guitar performances both electric and accoustic.   &quot;You Gotta Move&quot; is a humorous and masterful study in down-home  Black-American style Blues (listen to the slide guitar and moaning vocal  harmonies).  &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; is THE definitive 70s Rock &amp; Roll  song (listen to the rhythm guitar at the beginning and during the saxophone  solo).  &quot;Sway&quot; (great electric guitar and orchestral strings),  &quot;I Got the Blues,&quot; and &quot;Wild Horses&quot; (great accoustic  guitars) are very emotional love songs.  &quot;Dead Flowers&quot; is a  beautiful and darkly humorous mixture of Country &amp; Western and Rock  &amp; Roll. &quot;Can't You Hear Me Knocking&quot; really rocks out with  its hard-edged, distorted electric guitar and soulful vocal harmonies (Mick  J. and Keith sing really well together), and it really makes this album  special with it's extended instrumental passages; it sounds almost like the  modern urban jazz of the era with Charlie Watts' smooth, sophisticated  drumming, a great section of horn players, and Keith and Mick Taylor  trading off rhythm and lead guitars.  Bass player Bill Wyman works well  with Charlie to provide a solid rhythmic foundation typical of the Stones.   The lyrics are as good as the music; in fact, &quot;Bitch&quot; which is a  musical masterpiece with it's exciting, intense horns, bass, drums, vocals,  and guitars also contains the single greatest poetic line in Popular Music:   &quot;Yeah, when you call my name, I salivate like a Pavlov dog;&quot; I  mean, you can't get much more romantic than that, can you?  &quot;Sister  Morphine&quot; is haunting and hypnotic, like the narcotics being sung  about, but better for you.  The album ends with the hauntingly beautiful  and soulful &quot;Moonlight Mile.&quot;  There is not one weak song.  This  was the Stones at their best.
B000002MG1|3.0|I love &quot;Man on the Moon.&quot; One problem with R.E.M. is that they don't vary their sound very much. Michael Stipe said he didn't like the Beatles, but he could take a lesson from them and vary the sounds R.E.M.  makes (One of the great things about the Beatles is the variety of their  music). And also, regarding Stipe saying the Beatles didn't influence him:  whoever influenced Stipe was influenced by the Beatles, because R.E.M.'s  whole sound is basically the Beatles doing their song &quot;Rain.&quot;  Listen to the Beatles &quot;Rain&quot; (done in 1966) and you'll hear  R.E.M.'s sound, but BETTER than R.E.M. has ever sounded. Nonetheless,  R.E.M.--and this album--is better than most crap out there.
B00000DG1R|5.0|Though at first I thought this would be a cheap re-hash of the Decade album, I was happily surprised to find this actually IS the Greatest of  Duran Duran's library as the album name claims. Not only are most of the  favorites (&quot;The Reflex&quot;, &quot;Hungry like the Wolf&quot;) that  made Duran Duran into icons of the 80's among the 19 tracks , but there are  also some great lesser known tunes (&quot;Planet  Earth&quot;,&quot;Serious&quot;, &quot;Electric Barberella&quot;) included  as well. With the possible exception of &quot;Skin Trade&quot; there isn't  a bad song on this album. You really don't need the case - once you put the  disc  in your CD changer you're not going to take it out.
B000001GQJ|5.0|Martha Argerich is the female Horowitz.  Her power and expressiveness equal that of the great Russian master.  I have 7 or 8 or her recordings and this one is my favorite
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album takes anger and frustration, as well as deep, pensive thought...throws it into a blender and  delicously pours it into a frosty, tall goblet for our consumption.  Truly a master work from an insightful,  introspective, and responsible artist!  Great backbeats, orchestration and  vocals!!!
B000003C2S|5.0|This is one of the bands that started it all. The precision in this album is incredible, along with the great catchy, melodic riffs that give you shivers. A must have for the true death/black metal fanatic. And I truly  mean you MUST have this or else you are an imposter.
B000002X4T|4.0|This is the Airplane's most dated album.  Hippie sentiments and calls for revolution abound.<br />Musically, the songs are not quite as good as previous efforts such as Surrealistic Pillow, but there are some good songs.  The  classic &quot;Wooden Ships&quot; is still a great listen, as are &quot;Turn  My Life Down&quot; and &quot;Good Shepherd.&quot;
B00000DGUG|5.0|Well, I have been waiting for this one for a while.  After having heard both &quot;Uninvited&quot; and &quot;Thank U&quot; in recent months, I must say I was afraid I as setting myself up for a fall, that these we standout  songs that were in now way indicative of the quality of the new album.  Let  me say, I was happily mistaken.  The new album is pretty hefty, at 17  songs, but the quality level is very high.  The tone of the disc is more  introspective and questioning, as opposed to Jagged Little Pill's outward  reflection of anger.  &quot;Thank U&quot; is, of course, a clear standout,  but &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot; is a very good &quot;softer&quot; song  as well, and it really showcases her beautiful voice.  In the words of Dave  Matthew's, &quot;Alanis has a very pretty voice when she sings  quietly&quot;.  Although I love her music at whatever volume she cares to  sing.  As for some of the less favorable reviews posted, it is obvious that  the album was never listened to.  First of all, DJ's DON'T get advance cd  copies, just singles, and VERY FEW advances of SFIJ were sent out.  Plus,  the comments of &quot;more of the same yelling&quot; could not be more off  base.  Anyway, here's hoping Jewel's new album is a satisfying.
0385482582|5.0|Cari amici imprenditrori Italiani, leggete anche voi questo libro che sicuramente vi dar degli interessanti spunti per le vostre aziende.E state attenti .... la meteora prima o poi arriver anche per Voi !!! Andrea Polo
B00000DG1R|5.0|&quot;The Greatest&quot; is a perfect title for this complete collection of the greatest songs from the greatest early MTV band. Everything is here - almost 20 songs from &quot;Save a Prayer&quot; to &quot;Electric  Barbarella&quot;. Pop it in and remember what the 80's were like and how  fun it was to listen to meaningless lyrics and some of the best early  electronic dance music around. Just don't split the seams on those  parachute pants as your dancing!!!
B000002L5I|2.0|What a disappointment. After your first album, I thought I had discovered another in the many up and coming young white blues guitarists. I don't know whose idea it was, Kenny's or the record company's, to turn him into a  rock star instead, but it was a bad idea. What we really don't need is  another loud screaming rocker. Let's hope he sees what a mistake this album  was
0684847248|4.0|The philosophy of this book adjusts itself to mine in many ways, and I am sure of many other people, especially those who had a religious upbringing, without saying it bends toward the religious.  The  view that one has to  face the pain in life is indeed a road less traveled in this world that  sometimes overemphasizes the easy way out.  I think his definition of love  attempts to grasp the concept of it, but I am happier with the definition  given by Jesus.  Trust HIM on that rather.  It made me remember my old  lessons in catechism (the love part).  The book in all, earns a well earned  B average.
0553573403|4.0|I was introduced to this by a Robert Jordan Fan. The Dragon and the other Houses were a grand start and the ignored intrusion of the Others and all beasts of the outer wall. The magic is costly and worthless and the  Blood-Magic was only evil. The sexual parts were tasteles and annoying as  well as spoiling, for I would love to share a G version with many friends.
B000003BDJ|5.0|I own over 2000 records and 1500 cd`s and this one is in the top ten of all that I own. I saw them in concert twice and they`re the best of all. I`m 42 years young and have been around all types of music. This cd is the  one that really tells who the Stones are and where they came from.
0393312836|5.0|Sessler's superb handbook should be in the glovebox of all serious Mustang enthusiasts. Comprehensive information including production figures, VIN decoding and factory options (with prices) will settle any disputes on club  runs. Even more invaluable when you're shopping for a used Mustang, it'll  help separate the genuine car from the fake. The model coverage into the  1990s makes this as indispensible as the classic Mustang Recognition Guide  (which unfortunately covers only first-generation Mustangs). Don't lend  your Red Book out - you'll never get it back...
6300246876|5.0|One of the most expensive films ever made ($25 mil in 1970 dollars), Tora,  Tora, Tora crisply tells of the dawn attack on Pearl Harbor by the  Japanese. Both sides handle their own filming, with Richard Fleischer   directing the US segments and Kinji Fukasaku and Toshio Masuda directing   the Japanese (Akira Kurosawa was originally slated for this job). The first   half is a tense build up showing the Japanese resolve and the lax standards   of the US Army and Navy stationed at Pearl. The second half features one of   the most awesome battle creations ever committed to film with Rising Sun   dive bombers and fighters devastating airfields and Battleship Row (a true,   white-knuckle spectacle). The destruction of the Pearl base seems so   complete that it's sobering to see the closing scenes where a few  Japanese   commanders are not so sure that they did a thorough enough job to stay on   top of the US militarily. Great, if sparse Jerry Goldsmith score (suite   available on Uni/Varese Sarabande; ASIN: B00000150U); tight, often black   writing by Larry Forrester, Ryuzo Kikushima, Hideo Oguni; special effects   by L. B. Abbott and A.D. Flowers (the film  won deserved Oscars for Visual   Effects); cast includes an impressive list of character actors, including   Jason Robards who was actually at Pearl Harbor on December 7th. END
0399143904|2.0|Rainbow Six is a long, drawn out, way too wordy, lousy clancy book.  The plot is intriguing, but the book could have been written within 200 pages instead of 700+ pages.  I have read all of Clancy's first 8 or so novels,  and they were great.  Then the next few I read, it seemed as though he had  others writing for him, because the style, and especially the content,  changed.  I would not recommend buying this book.  It is not worthy of the  time it takes to read it.
0375701427|5.0|Or at least for me it was. American Pastoral is a rare reading experience, both for its lyric descriptions of family turmoil, and its awesome sympathy for its main character, the Swede. Roth very well demonstrates that longing  in all of us to be the big man in the world, and how being that big man  isn't all it's cracked up to be. The beginning doesn't seem to be related  at all with the rest of the story, and the general plot is thin, but  affecting nonetheless. Be prepared though; this is one overwhelmingly sad  book.
B00000DFSK|2.0|Why on earth did they put this album out? This album is called &quot;The Best of 1980-1990&quot;? A more appropriate title would be &quot;The Most Overplayed of 1980-1990&quot;. Sure, there are a few great songs on this  album, but wouldn't you think that anyone who likes U2 already owns  &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; and &quot;Unforgettable Fire&quot;? Was there  really any need to put &quot;Desire&quot; or &quot;When Love Comes to  Town&quot; on another disc? They weren't that great the first time around.  The members of U2 should be ashamed of themselves.
0802130208|1.0|I don't know why I wasted my time finishing this book, given the fact that there are so many finer works out there to read.  I give it a half star.<br />The plot is useless, the main character does nothing but  pontificate on uninspiring topics, the remaining characters are flat.  I  enjoy a good laugh and have a mischievous streak in me, but this book never  once made me laugh.  Why is that?
B000002UA0|5.0|It's a bird...It's a plane...It's Syd Barrett! Syd is very exceptional. &quot;Lucifer Sam&quot; is simply a majestic, fantastic composition on the grooviest of scales. &quot;Gnome&quot; gives me the will to live every day  in my scarlet tunic.  Great, salty, wonderful, gritty, luxurious, regal,  fleshy: these are the words I use to describe this album.
B00000DFSK|5.0|Ok, I admit it..I was one of those pretentious fans that REALLY didn't want my favorite band to do a GH.  Oh well, what can I say..I own all of these songs and I am still really getting a kick out of listening to it.   The sound quality of these gems is excellent..and it is kind of neat  hearing these songs in a different order and context. The crystal clear  &quot;October&quot; is an awesome ending as well..verdict A great  collection of songs from a band that will live on in my mind and heart for  a long time.
B000003TAB|5.0|It is a testimony to Nirvana's greatness, as well as the genius of Kurt Cobain, that an album made up of b-sides and rarities is better than almost anything else on the market.  This is the album that seperates Nirvana fans  from hangers-on, and the album which affirms Nirvana's position as one of  the finest bands of all time.
B000007VYV|5.0|good high quality just like the domestic Colour and the Shape with a good b-side bonus track
B000003TA4|5.0|While I don't think this is the best Nirvana album, it is certainly the most influential.  Nevermind launched a revolution, the effects of which, be they good (widespread interest in guitar rock), or bad (widespread  interest in Nirvana knock-offs), are still with us.  Cobain is not only the  finest lyricist in the history of rock&amp;roll, but the finest songwriter  as well.  It only reaffirms Cobain's genius that, through an unprecedented  wall of sonic immolation, melodies as incomparably luscious as these attach  themselves to your brain and never let go.  It's a shame that so many  missed the point(s) of Cobain's lyrics and dismissed him as a whining  poseur.  It's a greater shame that he's not here to prove them wrong.
0553565915|5.0|During reading this book, my heart was getting warmed and moved by the precious message of 'LOVE' in this book. After finishing reading, I realized I had had strong desire in me for giving love to other people.  This book defintely has the power to leads people to the love direction. I  don't think the truth is always like 1+1=2; sometimes 1+1=1 becomes the  truth(See water!). What I mean is we can find the truth from any book other  than the bible. I believe anyone can see and feel the truth from any thing  and any moment, as long as he/she opens his/her heart.<br />When we taste  something good, we tend to want our loving people to have the same  experience. I recommended this book to my brother. Later he told me he had  been moved also.<br />Just open your heart and you'll get a real good gift  from this book. And I hope you remember this: If something leads people to  a righteous way, it is the truth. This book contains the something.
B0000035E7|5.0|As far as first albums go, this is by far the best I've ever heard.  Never before or since has a band emerged so fully formed and ready to take on the world.  This album, as is the case with all Nirvana albums, is essential to  the canon.
B000005KQT|5.0|EVERY SONG IN THIS ALBUM IS FANTASTIC! WALTERS PLAYING IS AMAZING. IF YOU LISTEN TO SOME OF HIS CONTEMPORARIES, YOULL FIND OUT WHY HE WAS CONSIDRED SUCH AN INNOVATOR.  THE FINEST ALBUM OF THE FINEST HARP PLAYER EVER! DONT  MISS IT (FROM A TRUE BLUES FAN)
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill with her varied skills easily blends soul, hip-hop, regggae, and funk into a combination of music unmatched by any current hip-hop and R&amp;B artist. Has an amazing ability to tug at the heart, stir the mind  and make the most hardcore Hip-Hopper nod their head. A definite classic!
B000002JSJ|5.0|This album shows Zeppelin at their most tense and most energetic.  A very electric &amp; muscular album that has no acoustic guitar on it at all.  This album is a desperate and powerful Zeppelin.  One of my favorites!
B000002PCS|5.0|Whether late at night or just relaxing at any time, a drive in the woods, coast, mountains, by the lake, just to turn our backs on our daily worries, a reminder of the beauty of love and life, this music is appropriate.  Thanks, John Barry!
1573225517|4.0|Laughing and wincing I definatly enjoyed this book. Frightingly accurate
0140186395|5.0|My father introduced me to Steinbeck when I was in the 7th grade.  I started with \\"Tortilla Flat\\" and was immediately addicted.  I then began reading everything I could get my hands on...with the exception of \\"Grapes of  Wrath\\".  In 8th grade we were given a list of \\"American History\\" books to  choose from to do a book report on.  I searched desperately for a Steinbeck  book and nothing was listed!  I finally went to the teacher and insisted  that I was mature enough to handle \\"East of Eden\\".  She reluctantly agreed  to let me read the book for my report and I have been forever grateful!  I  grabbed the book from the library that day and was finished with it in two  days.  I remember feeling such a connection with the characters.  I felt  that they became friends.  I jumped into writing the book report with a lot  of enthusiasm and received an \\"A\\"!   To this day, fifteen years later, I  consider \\"East of Eden\\"  one of my all time favorite books.  I have reread  it on numerous occasions and always walk away with a feeling of  astonishment and a certain sense of envy that I couldn't develop the  writing techniques of a genius author like Steinbeck.  After all these  years and all these rereads of Steinbeck's other works, I am finally  working my way slowly, but surely, through \\"Grapes of Wrath\\".  My only  regret is that I put it off so long.  After all, the top ten spots have  been filled.  Apparently, I'm going to have to extend it to the top twenty!
B000002UD7|5.0|To me this is their best album. Every song is great but my favorites are &quot;King's Cross&quot; and &quot;It Couldn't Happen Here&quot;. It is sad that &quot;Boys&quot; are not anymore what they used to be on this album.
B000001Y79|5.0|I love this CD,it's exceptional.Great songs, especially the first six songs caught my attention.I am still waiting for their new album.
0399143904|2.0|It's no surprise that the Rainbow 6 computer game came out around the same time as the book. The book seems to have been written to make a computer game of it really easy, sacrificing a good deal of suspense once you  realized his formula. Also, the book was too easy. No surprise that  good defeats evil here... pretty boring read. Oh, the editing was lousy  too. For all the eco-conscious verbiage in the novel, Clancy could have  easily pared 100 pages off the final length w/o the reader noticing.
B00000DHR0|5.0|i just heard &quot;These Are Special Times&quot; and it is really beautiful. The most amazing song is &quot;The Prayer&quot;, which she sings with Andrea Bocelli. It is the best duet i ever heard. I think it is even  more beautiful than &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; from Titianic. The rest  of the sons are good too. The R. Kelly duet is nice. not as good a song as  I'm So Glad I Can Fly, but Celine sings the best. Way to go Celine.
B000002UZ4|5.0|This is one of my favourite CD's ever. This is perfection from start to finish. I especially like it when I drive. It is perfect for travelling or if you are at home you just have to close your eyes to fly away. Best  tracks to me are &quot;Suburbia&quot;, &quot;Always on My Mind&quot;,  &quot;It's Alright&quot;. I just miss &quot;King's Cross&quot; here. I  think it deserves to be with the best. Buy this CD and FLY AWAY !!
0345423496|3.0|Clarke had the right idea.  Let's show 'em where we are in a thousand years!  Let's make a diamond band around the Earth, hell, let's even bring back Frank Poole, but in the end....the story just wasn't there.  The great  things about this book are the scientific wonders and descriptions, the bad  things?  Frank Poole just didn't carry the book like he could have.  Not  enough of the story stressed the Monolith, at times the story dragged, and  the ending was rushed...to the point of confustion.<br />But it's Clarke, it  makes you think, it shakes the  foundation of arrogant presumption upon  which you live, and it deserves 3 stars.
B000002BQK|5.0|Although Mariah has turned her image round since splitting with her husband, many have accused her of selling her body instead of her records. But having listened to Butterfly it has led me to believe Marizh has a one  in a million talent for writing and singing songs. It is clear to see that  she has matured in her work in that she has explored new styles, moving  away from her usual ballads. The album works extremely well and brings  together an obvios hit!!!
B00000DGUG|1.0|A disappointing second effort, lacks the honesty and style of Jagged Little Pill.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Oh, man what a rip-off! I was SO hoping this would have that &quot;stinky britchs&quot; song on it or that yodeling thing from that movie that's supposed to be like &quot;wings of desire&quot; that has the chick from  &quot;when harry met sally&quot;...But, no! I get new  &quot;continental&quot; Alanis.
B0000027RL|5.0|Ten is Pearl Jam's finest all-around CD.  From Even Flow to Black, it is the pinnacle of PJ.  Although some of the singles from other album's may be better(Daughter, Yellow Ledbetter, Footsteps, Better Man, etc.), the whole  album is not worth the buy; you'd be better off to spend time tracking the  single cds at a store that sales used CDs.
0399143904|4.0|Have read all of Clancy's solo fiction works, and this is very good, but not best ever.  Could call it 4-1/2 stars.<br />The plot is realistic enough to make you ask &quot;Could this really happen?&quot;<br />Typical Clancy in  its clever use of the latest hi-tech gadgets, only a few pages after the  good guys get their hands on the new stuff.<br />The story line gets off to a  very fast start, and keeps up a good pace from there.  I really like to get  &quot;hooked&quot; in the first 10 pages of a book, and he did this  masterfully.<br />Eco- and other terrorists/crazies are clearly the greatest  threat to the world today, and he paints an extremely scary scenario that  makes you see how vulnerable the world can be.<br />Can't wait for the next  novel... keep up the good work Mr. C!
B000002NJS|5.0|This is a new more mature Madonna doing what she does best, dance music. The single Ray Of Light is her catchiest and best dance song since Vogue.  She proves the reason she's been around this long is not all about her  changing styles.  The Power of Goodbye is destined for #1.
B000002J2B|4.0|This is truly the last great Genesis record. Except for the live Seconds Out record, this is guitarist Steve Hackett's last gasp in a band that was going from interesting &amp; creative to pop superstars. Play 'Blood on the  Rooftops' followed by 'Follow you, follow me&quot; (And then there were  three) and I think you'll agree.<br />This record is the last one to feature  the interwoven magic of Hackett's guitar and Bank's keyboards. A GEM!
B00000AFWW|4.0|This album is so California!  Courtney sounds phenominal.  The only complaint is that its a little to slickly produced.
B000002J2D|3.0|This CD clearly shows the influence that both Gabriel and Hackett had on the band. After Gabriel left (post -Lamb lies down), the band was still interesting but slightly more commercial. After Hackett's departure, it was  top 40 time. Don't get me wrong, I like this CD a lot but this more than  any other Genesis CD shows just who the adventurous musicianship was coming  from.
B000002HMH|5.0|I gave this CD 5 stars, because it contains some of the best songs I have heard in a while: Bleeding Me, Outlaw Torn, House Jack Built, Thorn Within, Until It Sleeps, and Mama Said. The only songs I usually skip when  listening to this CD are Ronnie, Poor Twisted Me, Cure, and Wasting My  Hate. The whole CD though is listenable and shows great maturity in  Hetfield and gang and is the better of the two Loads.
0684833395|5.0|Reading Catch-22 was not only enjoyable but it taught me a lot too.  I am now able to look at many things in a different light. I would recomend it to amyone
B000002H6C|3.0|I should start by saying that I am a huge Metallica fan and that I have all their albums.  Of all those albums this is the one I listen to least aside from the songs:  One, Harvester of Sorrow, Blackened, and Dyers Eve.  The rest of the album is filled with meandering overlong songs with boring  riffs. I will admit however, that most of Hammetts solos are amazing. If  you are just entering the world of Metallica start with Master of Puppets  (their best album) or Ride the Lightning(second best album) not with what  they should have called...And Boredom For All.
0553296981|5.0|Anne Frank was a very talented girl living in hard times. It is wonderful that such a girl would have lived in those times. I, as an adolescent, and subsequently a 13-year-old, can totally relate to her miseries. She is my  hero!! Anne Frank, you rule.
B000000OAH|5.0|Two of the best songs that Queen has ever done will not appear on any greatest hits CD.  Those two songs are Leaving Home Ain't Easy and Jealousy.  All of the songs on JAZZ are great.  People who hear it for the  first time think it's a greatest hits CD.  I think it is their best.
0399128964|5.0|This is the original, astonishingly intricate construction of a complete universe, painting a bright allegory of good and evil;giving breath to a wealth of characters that incorporate all the qualities of epic figures  ranging from Moses on the mountain to Lucifer after his plunge.
B000001C6M|5.0|1983 saw the release of &quot;Kill 'em All&quot;, Megadeath's &quot;Killing is My Business&quot;, and of course, &quot;Show No Mercy&quot;. And the speed metal genre was born. Many will say that  &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is Slayer's best, but I disagree. It's good, but  Show No Mercy offers more musical diversity. It's intense, fast, and the  lyrics are not for the faint-hearted. Dark, demented, and devilsh,  &quot;Die By the Sword&quot;, &quot;The Anti-Christ&quot;, and  &quot;Tormentor&quot; are not only three of Slayer's best songs, but may be  three of the top all-time speed metal songs. Any music fan who thinks  posers like Napalm Death and Morbid Angel are true thrash/death metal,  haven't heard &quot;Black Magic&quot; or &quot;Die By the Sword&quot;. This  album is a must for any speed metal fan.
0425163407|3.0|Ms. Cornwell left a few strings untied on this murder mystery.  I was surprised because this is not her style.  Definitely had a interesting ending but it is confusing as to how the reader is supposed to have gotten  to this point.  As usual, I enjoyed Ms. Cornwell's effort to lead her  readers to the climatic moment of intrigue and suspense.  I hope she  continues to lead us down more paths leading to  Dr. Kay Scarpetta.
B000002H33|5.0|Crunching, grinding, screaming, powerful - all words to describe this, the greatest of all heavy metal albums. Bridging the gap between the pop/glam rock of Bon-Jovi and the metal mayhem of Slayer,  'Master' put Metallica on  the map. And like Black Sabbath, Van Halen, and the Beatles, defined and  influenced future generations of musicians. The layered guitars provided a  never before heard wall of 'crunch'. The music varies between melodical  power rhythms(Leper Messiah, Orion), lightning fast solos(Damage, Inc.,  Master), to all-out metal blitz (Battery, Damage Inc.) Hetfield's lyrics  are one of the things that sets this album apart from it's counterparts.  Thoughtful, literary (The Thing that Should Not Be), and powerful, 'Master'  offered an intelligent departure from the screaming, unintelligble speed  songs that had become popular at the time. Often imitated, but never  duplicated - even by the band itself - this is THE definitive heavy metal  disc.
B00000DGUG|3.0|I liked this album,but I would rather listen to &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot;.The only songs that I can stand to listen to are &quot;Are You Still Mad&quot;,&quot;So Pure&quot;and &quot;I Was Hoping&quot;.Some of the  songs (for example &quot;Front Row&quot;) are so bad I thought about taking  the CD back to the store for a refund!
1881273156|5.0|It seems so simple -- &quot;I should have known that&quot; -- but it is not easy.  This book has provided insight to me and my husband -- as well as friends and relatives we passed it along to after reading it.  I highly  recommend this book - not only for marriage relationships -- but for any  relationship.
0399143904|1.0|This must be Clancy's worst book ever. He is rumored to have herds of researchers working for him - if so, they all should be fired. There are so many factual errors in this book from an author that is supposed to be  extremely accurate in presenting the workings of special military  operations. It starts with the supposedly German language bits (I am  German) that are mangling the language to the extreme - you should only do  this if you know what your doing. It goes on with the absurd misconceptions  in virology and epidimiology - no, you can't help infected people with  symptoms showing by vaccinating them, just to give one example. It goes on  with all sorts of operational errors connected with aircraft - one of them  is that no British Airways 737 will make it across the Atlantic. And then  there are all those editorial errors in the form of &quot;I want to meet  you at one p.m.... so I'll be there at eleven... Ok, eleven it is.&quot;  From a Tom Clancy we have come to expect accuracy - and that's why I'm  dissappointed not to get it.
B000002LCI|5.0|This is my favorite DM cd.  It is exceedingly moody....which makes it hit you right in the gut.  This isn't a dance cd; it's a moody cd.  It was meant for your darker emotions; for you to explore them.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Funny how sarcastic and cynical people can get when a cutting-edge singer becomes &quot;too popular.&quot; If you're too cool to like Alanis like the 20 million or so other people out there, then don't buy this album.  I  personally don't think SFIJ is groundbreaking, but it's pretty solid.  The  fact that it doesn't suck like so many other follow-ups is reason enough to  buy it.
B000000QFV|2.0|It's an okay record but it cant compare to any of sabbaths original 8 albums or even heaven and hell or the mob rules, it is better than eternal idol.  I mean its not horbbile but when you compare tony martin to OZZY,  please.  Ozzy wipes the floor with him easily.  Its good music if you like  late 80s hard rock.  But if you like Zepplin and Sabbath of the 70's be  ware, its not what youre looking for.
B000002GFT|5.0|I first heard Matty Groves on WBCN in Boston about 30 years ago, and it's still a powerfull song. every song on this LP is great. Sandy Denny was at her best on this one. If you want to sample Fairport Convention, and don't  know where to start, start with Liege and Lief
B000005ALN|5.0|This cd is the turning point for George Michael. Absolutely draws you in with every cut! You FEEL every song.
B000003TAR|5.0|My favorite Nirvana record.  Kurt Cobain's songwriting takes an astonishing leap forward and Steve Albini's recording captures the band at its most powerful
B000005ZFN|3.0|I consider myself a Jethro Tull fan, although my life has never revolved around this (or any other) band.  Until a few days ago, I had never listened to &quot;A Passion Play.&quot;  After being bored to death by the  self-indulgent &quot;Thick As A Brick,&quot; I decided to stay away from  &quot;concept albums&quot; for some time.  Besides, there was absolutely  nothing appealing about its title or its cover, it generally got horrible  reviews, and its material consistently failed to be included or mentioned  along with the band's better efforts (the only exception being one track in  &quot;Repeat&quot;).  I became curious enough about this album to read some  of the reviews here in Amazon's website, and after doing so, decided to  take a chance and invest in the gold disc version.<br />I wasn't sure what to  think after playing the CD for the first time.  It sounded strange, as if  the band had gone through a complete change of personnel.  The first few  tracks had an ominous resemblance to &quot;Thick As A Brick&quot; - which  was awesome for about its first 6-8 minutes, then became the musical  definition of boredom (trust me, I have tried to like that album, but to no  avail!)  Unlike &quot;Brick,&quot; &quot;A Passion Play&quot; gets better  as the &quot;set&quot; progresses, at least up to &quot;The Story of The  Hare Who Lost His Spectacles.&quot;  After repeated listenings, I agreed  with some of the earlier reviews posted here in that the last 12-15 minutes  or so of the album are truly exceptional.  The tracks here sound a bit like  the tail end of &quot;Aqualung&quot; (the album) - only the sound is more  polished and the music itself more complex.  You won't find any  resemblances to &quot;Stand Up,&quot; &quot;Benefit,&quot; or &quot;Living  in the Past&quot; here;  as a matter of fact, even Ian's flute seems to be  buried in the background , if present at all!<br />Perhaps the most  interesting feature of &quot;A Passion Play&quot; is how far ahead ofits  time it really sounds for a 1973 release.  This albums is closer in musical  complexity and style to Rush's 1979 release &quot;Hemispheres&quot; than to  &quot;Aqualung&quot; or &quot;Thick As A Brick!&quot;  I wonder if this  explains its poor reception at the time of its release.<br />This is a really  good album - a 3.5 out of 5 - but it does take some effort to appreciate.   There are no catchy tunes, no obvious &quot;single&quot; material, or many  standout tracks.  What you get is solid, spectacularly performed material  from a band who had recently reached its peak.  These tracks are  progressive and slightly experimental relative to their previos material,  to be sure.  Yet &quot;A Passion Play&quot; is significantly better than  its immediate predecessor - a statement which may be considered akin to  blasphemy to die-hard Tull fans.  But all things being equal, it must be  considered a far cry from Jethro Tull's best albums.<br />(A word about  &quot;The Story of the Hare Who Lost His Spectacles:&quot;  This must be  why people use the term &quot;strange&quot; in describing &quot;A Passion  Play.&quot;  I assume it was meant to represent some kind of  &quot;intermission&quot; between the main parts of the &quot;play,&quot;  and in that sense it works.  But the track in itself is mediocre and made  worse by Ian's deliberately weird singing.  To me, this was a monumental  low in the album - though I would rather listen to it than to most of the  stuff in &quot;Brick!&quot;)
B00000AFDW|5.0|Psycho Circus, the first new ablum by the original members of KISS in 18 years is a &quot;Must Have&quot; for all rock and roll fans.  The album starts with the pounding title track and proceeds with nine other songs of  pure rock and roll adrenaline.  All ten songs on this gem reflect the power  of rock and how the history of a band can progress into the 90's with the  perfection of some of the greatest rock albums of all time.  This album is  definitely worth the money.  From the majestic guitar work of Ace Frehley,  to the melodic vocals by all four members of the band, to the perfect  balance of creative lyrics and music by Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons, this  album is one of the best flowing and tightly put together albums of the  90's.  If you like rock and roll that is straight forward, in your face,  and that stands loud and proud, then KISS' Psycho Cicus is for you!
B0000026NC|1.0|I don't want to take anything away from Gilmour, Wright, and Mason.  I think they are fine musicians.  But, the truth is that Roger Waters was the core creative force (conceptualist, lyricist) of the band.  With Waters  gone it is not the same band.  To me it is unethical to make a career based  on the public's past perception.  Sure, they contributed to the music.  But  they are not just playing the music.  The older material relies heavily on  lyrical content and even their current stage show, inflatable pig, circular  screen, etc. was conceived by Waters early on. I'm sorry, but to use Pink  Floyd as a product name to sell records and tickets is WRONG and you, the  consumer, should be offended.  I would feel the same way if Roger Waters  called his new band &quot;Pink Floyd&quot;.  They were a great team.  Apart  from each other they are not Pink Floyd.
0399143904|1.0|Repitious, boring, techno-babble that makes you want to skip pages.  If I read the word &quot;double-tap&quot; (Dings' favorite word) I thought I might puke.  Plot was too anticipated. It always seemed that I knew what  was going to happen a chapter before it actually did.  And by the way Tom,  since your Rainbow Six warriors had had four or five missions in row, in a  three month period, don't you think they'd be a little suspicious about the  Olympics?  I could think of a better way to release an airborne contagion  than that.  Australia is a little too isolated from the rest of the world  to let loose a plague that is going to wipe out humanity.
B00000DGUG|4.0|The problem with these reviews is that they become a forum for people who loathe--or love--too much.  If you hate the artist, you'll hate the CD; that goes without saying.  And if you adore her, you're also not being  fair.  I liked some of the songs from &quot;Jagged.&quot;  It was nice to  get angry with Alanis.  Unfortunately, she's a little too young to be so  angry, and she's not all that sophisticated about it.  But &quot;Thank  U&quot; is worth the price of this CD.  Like her or not, she can sing.  And  sing her heart out is what she does on this moving cut.  The lyrics are,  for a change, deserving of liner-notes print.  It's just too bad all the  one-star voters have some sort of emotional problem.  (Do they despise Tori  Amos too, I wonder?  Surely they find her piano bench masturbation  disgusting.)  Alanis is no Ani DiFranco, but she's also no Courtney Love  (thank god).
0002171856|5.0|I think this is a very well writen manual.  If I ever do get lost I am sure alot of the information that I did learn would definately come in useful.
0679720200|5.0|sentiments that i have always felt, but have never had the language to articulate.  i know how the stranger felt and thought, but have always failed to communicate them.  i am the stranger.
0062502182|4.0|As weird as it may seem, many Brazilians that I have met on the internet considered The Alchemist a living proof of a death of a culture that was once the cradle of many great authors of this century such as Clarice  Lispector, Graciliano Ramos and not to forget Guimaraes Rosa. One Brazilian  citizen even judged the book not only as an example of the poverty the  human race has sunk into, but also as a shadowy simulacrum of an Arabian  Night's story. Another Brazilian from Sao Paulo even shared this disdain  against the book by inventing a \\"poem of bad verses on an even worse book\\":  \\"If you have a brain/ Avoid Coelho's books/ For so much stupidity they  contain/ That your mind they'll cook./ Unfortunately, none of the gains/  People say they took/ Through the heavy strains/ Of reading that book/  Could help you obtain/ The happiness for wish you look/ For that is not as  easy and plain/ As fishing a snook.\\"    I personally can not but  agree with the unblemished reviews of the many critics. Opening The  Alchemist is indeed like dipping into a box of chocolates: rich and  tempting. Coehlo spoons in surprise after surprise, creating a spicy dish  that you simply cannot put down... Paulo Coehlo is a master teller of  tales, a wizard of words who hypnotizes the reader as he transports him  into another dimension, or a distant universe...  Santiago, a young  Andalusian shepherd, follows the path of a mystical dream that beholds  treasures far beyond imagination. From his homestead in Spain where he  risks his future by selling all his sheep, the journey of Santiago begins.  He then finds himself in the markets of Tangiers where he becomes a victim  of fraud. However, the young shepherd regains his faith and retrieves all  his money through vigorous work. Once again, Santiago continues his quest  as he crosses the desert with a caravan. The sands of the desert hold for  him many mysteries and secrets just like the oasis holds the buds of Love  and hope. Finally, our young hero reaches his destination to discover that  the treasure he seeks lies at same, exact spot where he started his long  journey. Throughout his pursuit of the unknown, Santiago is guided by many  omens and spiritual messengers that reflect the spirit of good in the  world: \\"When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you  to achieve it.\\"  The young shepherd's quest holds the universal wisdom  of life and quenches our thirst of knowledge with many fundamental lessons  and morals. This book possess also the simple truth about ourselves, and  enlightens us on the power of freedom, the importance of following our  dreams and listening to our hearts rather than being chained by our minds.  Without any doubt, every person can relate to Santiago and his many  adventures for this universal book holds a part of every reader, presenting  human nature in it's naked form.   Nonetheless, I can not deny that The  Alchemist holds many themes that appear in Paulo Coehlo's other books. In  fact, in \\"By the river Piedra, I sat down and wept\\" many ideas remind us of  The Alchemist, reflecting a faint repetition in the author's ideas. This  yet does not depreciate the value of this book of marvels.  \\"In the end  is the word, and in the word is with man and the word is man\\". Whatever the  critics or some other minorities state, the final word is with the many  readers; the readers throughout the world that have proven the power of  such a book that has become one of this centuries most captivating  classic...
0385484518|5.0|Late in coming to reading this book.  Found it very warm and moving.  Insightful with plenty of words of wisdom.  If we would only live by Morrie's philosophy, this world would be a better place.
0745143636|4.0|A rolicking regency romance, wherein a country beauty captures the heart of a man with a scandalous past - she decides rather than reform him, she'll take him as he is and whatever adventures that brings them.
B00000DGUG|2.0|Maybe the songs are different, but the vocal inflection &amp; whining is still there. She slurs her words so bad it's painful &amp; she insists on sticking w/ mechanical instruments for that hollow sound that worked so  well in Jagged Little Pill. As far as I'm concerned, she may have grown up  a little, but she has yet to blossom in creativity - she's under the old  &quot;if it worked once, don't try anything different&quot; thinking.  PLEASE GET RID OF THE SCREECHING &amp; WHINING &amp; start showing us what  else you can do w/that gorgeous voice you've got, Alanis! Pay attention to  your label owner's career - Madonna's grown w/ every album she's made since  1983 by taking chances &amp; doing new things, be it vocally or  instrumentally - you might want to try the same thing. I admire Alanis's  GREAT talent &amp; obvious gifts, but this album is too commercial to  distinguish it from anything else out there.
B00000163G|5.0|All eyez on me is a great cd.  2Pac hits every aspect of life from &quot;Only God Can Judge Me&quot;to &quot;California Love&quot; to &quot;How do ya want it&quot; and &quot;Heartz of Men&quot;.  Every song on  this cd has a story to it and hits you right in the chest.
1573226521|1.0|When it was published in paperback, everyone in London went bonkers for 'The Beach'. Everywhere you went, someone was leafing through it at a rate of knots. Life is full of great unexplained mysteries and this is one of  them. 'The Beach' is awful. One of the worst things I've ever read. And if  so many people genuinely rate it as one of the good books around, I wonder  what else they have (or haven't) been reading. The story begins with a  glimmer of mystery...there's a map which appears to lead to paradise, but  from there on in, Garland botches the mystery at every turn. It's like bad  Enid Blyton. I wanted to shout out 'Has no one else read LORD OF THE  FLIES?' - Garland's effort is at best a pale imitation of William Golding's  stunning desert-island disaster story. Please please don't waste your time  on this Mills &amp; Boon bilge when you could read Golding's quality  allegory. I'm sure the brilliant Danny Boyle team will weedle a slick,  trendy film out of it, but the book is just big, dumb, artless airport  stuff.
0140143505|5.0|This is a true story about a friendship that bloomed between a woman in New York who loved books and the entire staff of a used bookstore in London.  After reading 84, CHARING CROSS ROAD I went in search of Helene's  other 5 books.  I loved each of them and I plan on reading them all again  someday!  I recommend all of her books to you if you liked this one.
B00000DGUG|5.0|The songs are very addictive, you get hooked to them after a couple of hearings, very Alanis Morissette like. Great work, a must buy. <br />- Sam
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher sounds GREAT, singing extremely well and in a contemporary European &quot;dance-pop&quot; style.  Terrific collection of Euro-techno style tunes and production value.  &quot;Believe&quot; is irresistably catchy, as  is &quot;The Power&quot;, &quot;Runaway&quot; and &quot;Strong  Enough&quot;.  This album is a sure-fire hit and sure to attract new Cher  fans.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is The First album of any kind I have bought from Madonna. And she's been around...
B00000DGUG|2.0|I'm not sorry I bought the CD, but everything sounds pretty much the same on this one.  Nothing really grabs my attention as on her first.  Maybe with time...
B000002OX7|5.0|My dad handed me this album after I told him my favorite band, Pearl Jam, played &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; when I saw them in concert.  I loved that song, but it took me a while to like the rest of the CD. But  now, I think that they should slap a &quot;Best Of&quot; label on this CD,  cause it sums up their best work.  It's got BABA O'RILEY, GOIN MOBILE, and  GETTING IN TUNE.  This is one great album.  In my opinion the only other  rock albums that are as good as this are &quot;Beggar's Banquet&quot; by  the Stones, &quot;The White Album&quot; by the Beetles, or &quot;Dark Side  of the Moon&quot; by Pink Floyd.  I hope I'm not the only 16 year old who  likes this CD, and I hope it becomes timless (I think it already is).
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a great cd and it has many of my favorite offspring songs. If you are looking for a good offspring cd this is the one for you!
B000002AS3|5.0|I must confess I got it at the third time I've heard the album. I bought it second hand from a friend after my kids reccomended it to me. I'm a sixties &amp;  seventies rock fan and found this album blissful.The whole  album is great but   &quot;Live Forever&quot; makes me wet my always dry  eyes, its structure and Noel's soloing are great. &quot;Supersonic&quot; is  so rocking, &quot;Digsy's Dinner&quot; is a Beatlesesque fine tune.  &quot;Slide Away&quot; has great guitar playing and finally &quot;Married  with Children&quot; uses a blend of wise song structure, accoustic  strumming and nice lyrics. Besides all, Liam's singing have this Pistol's  reminiscences that flows perfectly with the rhythm and melody of each tune.  Great. I strongly reccomend it for those fans interested just in the music  itself, outstanding guitar playing loaded with feedbacks and fabulous  singing with a spicey english accent . Nevermind the guys poses.  Ah! about  those farts and jerks complaining 'bout this brit guys attitude and  arrogance, So what? I remember '50's to 70's reactionaries (Thatcher-like)  used to complain for the fab four and the stones and the devilish rock'n  roll. I enjoy this guys being such a pain in somebody else's ass. C'mon  thou shalt blow thy speakers. Cheers.
B000002L99|4.0|&quot;5150&quot; was the first and best Van Halen record featuring Sammy Hagar on lead vocals (not that that is too bold a statement).  Their first #1 charting album, the disc holds up well in retrospect and is a worthy  addition to any rock collection.<br />While keyboard-laden tracks like  &quot;Why Can't This Be Love&quot; and &quot;Love Walks In&quot; got the  most airplay, guitarists and other serious fans of Van Halen will likely  find the albums lesser-know tracks more satisfying, particularly  &quot;Summer Nights&quot;, &quot;5150&quot;, and the &quot;Best of Both  Worlds&quot;.<br />Okay, so Eddie gets a little self-indulgent on &quot;Get  Up&quot; (showing off his Steinberger guitar's ability to stay in tune  while twanging the whammy bar) and &quot;Inside&quot; is on the silly side,  but it is obvious that the boys were having a lot of fun.  Fortuantely, the  listener does too.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I knew I was going to love this hit to begin with.  It's out of this world!!!  Her 'O Holy Night' is beautiful!  This will be playing at my house all Christmas long!
B00000DBXL|5.0|Having been slightly disappointed with the monotony of Fashion Nugget, I wasn't going to buy this one -- until a friend with admirable taste told me that PTM even blows Motorcade of Generosity out of the water. I now cannot  help but agree. Cake has matured lyrically, and at the same time recaptured  the groovy ear that made MOG the most-played CD in my collection. This is  one of the few groups in the world whose albums I feel comfortable playing  from beginning to end at parties -- a sheer pleasure.
B000002HPT|5.0|What is left to say about dream theater? They have conquered the progressive rock and metal scene, and have undoubtedly established themselves as some of the most visrtuoso players around. Nonetheless,  &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot; transcends their image and provides  listeners with a new DT. The complexity is still there, with tracks such as  &quot;Lines in the Sand&quot; and &quot;New Millenium&quot; blasting out  aggressive riffs and odd time signatures. In addition, John Pettrucci  manages to stun the guitar playing community again with his awe-inspiring  technique. But DT has also ventured into commercial rock in this album with  tracks such as &quot;Hollow Years&quot; and &quot;You Not Me&quot;. The  lyrics shine through yet again, immersing the listener into realm of life's  complexities. Rich in symbolism and imagery, the words play a vital role in  shaping the character of the songs. Although not as magnificent as  &quot;Images and Words&quot;, &quot;Falling into Infinity&quot; is still  classic Dream Theater. Dare to dream...
B000003CKH|2.0|I don't know what people are thinking -- this release is the pits compared to the ones that preceded and followed it. Any other group would be proud to have produced it, but I expected more from my men in Cake. None of its  songs are nearly as memorable as those from Motorcade of Generosity.  Hard-core fans, go ahead and pick it up -- real connoisseurs, skip it and  save your money for the much more worthy Prolonging the Magic.
0395689961|4.0|Fluff? No, I don't think so. Helen isn't perfect, by any means; but she's surely one of my favorite fictional characters. Schine has a control of the language that I envy- her economy is amazing. If you didn't like this book,  perhaps you should turn to Anne Rice, who must get paid by the word.<br />Four  stars from me, and it would be five, but the book was too short.
B0000069NM|5.0|As someone who has only recently started to listen to MMW, I find this collaborative effort to be exceptional.  The addition of Scofield is tremendous.  Scofield himself occasionally seems to lose himself in his  riffs, but the ensemble really, really pack it in.
B00000DGUG|2.0|We ALL know that Jagged Little Pill was the product of AT LEAST three record company songwriters - no matter what the album credits say. I'm not saying that the songs on SFIJ are bad songs - on the contrary, with so many  corporate dollars behind it, they are probably the best songs money can  buy. Our enjoyment of Alanis should not in any way be tainted by the fact  that she is a product, an invention of the recording industry designed to  create more revenue. Even though her entire image - her entire persona, in  fact - is utterly manufactured, we should still be able to find some  meaning behind the words she sings. While some of us may hear REAL rage  from, say, Diamanda Galas, it is somewhat comforting to know that  commodified emotions, in the form of Alanis, Inc., can still elicit such  strong empathy from a numbed listening public.
B000002MY3|5.0|TERRIFIC !! JUST ORDERED HER LATEST. I HAD JLP ON CASSETTE--BUT ON THE CD THERE IS AN EXTRA TRACK--A CAPELLA.WHAT A NICE SURPRISE !!
B000003S09|5.0|From the album's extraordinary cover to almost every detail of the individuals tracks, KC's first album is a seminal work. &quot;Epitaph&quot; and &quot;The Court of the Crimson King&quot; are the definitive statements  of the band's first forays into their own - at that time dark, moody and  fantastical - brand of epics; &quot;21st Schizoid Man&quot; remains an  undisputed classic and, as introductory track, sets the stage for the  &quot;organized chaos&quot; of years to come. If you cannot at least  appreciate the totally original quality of this recording - you don't  necessarily have to like it! - you are missing out on something important:  that modern (rock) music can be every bit as new, challenging, arresting  and intelligent as anything that has gone before.
B000002UYZ|5.0|I KNOW I KNOW MEA CULPA. RED AND BLUE WERE A GREAT STARTING POINT. SO MANY GOOD TUNES. UNLESS YOU HATED THE BEATLES,YOU WILL LOVE THIS CD.
B000003S0B|3.0|King Crimson recordings can be easily divided into groups, &quot;The Wake&quot; being the second and last installment of the first KC incarnation (the word is used to denote the characteristics of the band,  not the personnel). As such, it is vastly inferior to its wonderful  predecessor, &quot;In the Court of the Crimson King&quot;. This is probably  due to the fact that a number of key contributors had by now left or were  leaving  the group (Ian MacDonald, Greg Lake), leaving Fripp trying to  reiterate things that he was, perhaps, not entirely capable of saying  alone. It is due also to the obviously transitional quality of the album:  on the second side, the band drifts without direction, coming very close to  rather vapid indulgence in the unfortunate rehash of Holst's &quot;Planets'  Suite&quot; which is &quot;The Devil's Triangle&quot;. &quot;Peace: A  Theme&quot; is equally awkward, constituting the one and only time that KC  went to hippy pieces. Still, if &quot;The Wake&quot; hadn't succeeded  &quot;In the Court&quot;, it would have been a musical sensation. We're  talking about King Crimson, after all, not Gary Glitter.
B000000WA4|3.0|It's a good thing that this was a double album, otherwise this would have got a lower review rating. Many songs are good: especially &quot;x.y.u,&quot; &quot;Thru the Eyes of Ruby,&quot; and &quot;Porcelina  of the Vast Oceans&quot; - however, the other songs, don't equal their  significance. &quot;Where Boys Fear to Tread&quot; is really good too and  so is &quot;Stumbeline&quot; - but the other songs are just - well - not  good. This album is good if you've got extra money, but don't panic if it  is inaccessible. Not one of the Pumpkin's best, but OK. Get Pisces  Iscariot, Siamese Dream, and Gish - and maybe get this album if you really  want it - but AVOID ADORE... you'll be disappointed.
B000003S0I|5.0|I needn't waste words: as with their first recording (&quot;In the Court of the Crimson King&quot;), the consensus is that &quot;Larks' Tongues&quot; is a masterpiece.  Nevertheless, it is perhaps noteworthy  that this is the first truely &quot;rock&quot; album by KC. The group had,  by now, become a &quot;basic&quot; rock ensemble (electric guitar, bass,  percussion, drums, with the important but essentially subordinate  contribution of violin). Gone were the dominance of mellotrons (&quot;In  the court of the Crimson King&quot;), saxophones, piano's and flute  (&quot;Lizard&quot;). The King had shed its clothes; Fripp had entered into  power. And with Bruford (drums) and Wetton (bass and vocals) to back him  up, he suddenly seemed quite muscular. Noteworthy too is &quot;Larks'  Tongues in Aspic Part One&quot;: this remains the best track recorded by KC  since 1973. Like &quot;Bolero&quot; from &quot;Lizard&quot; or  &quot;Starless&quot; from &quot;Red&quot;, it is, furthermore, an example  of perfection in modern music.
B000000W6R|5.0|Pisces Iscariot is definitely one of the albums with the most variety that I have ever heard. Although I love Siamese Dream, most of the songs sound alike... but this album is different. &quot;Pissant&quot; is one rockin'  song and so is &quot;Hello Kitty Cat.&quot; &quot;Landslide&quot; and  &quot;Soothe&quot; are both excellent songs which you must listen to.  &quot;A Girl Named Sandoz,&quot; however, is FANTASTIC! This song is so  catchy - I LOVE IT. &quot;Spaced&quot; is a song that reminds of Zeppelin's  &quot;No Quarter&quot; because of it's &quot;spaced-out&quot; melody - even  though the lyrics are very cruel and resemble feelings of bigotry. But, the  good thing is - is that the lyrics are EXTREMELY hard to understand. Take  it from me, buy this album if you don't already have it and AVOID  &quot;ADORE&quot;
B000003S0F|5.0|Is &quot;Islands&quot; a masterpiece? Most critics would vehemently disagree. So would Fripp. They're wrong. Like &quot;Lizard&quot; - the two albums belong together - &quot;Islands&quot; is not seen as being the  &quot;real&quot; KC; Fripp's dominance is not evident and the tracks are  essentially filled in by a collection of jazz musicians. Also (and unlike  &quot;Lizard&quot;) the audio quality is poor, and on the re-mastered CD  version, the background noise is so loud that it could quite ruin the  appreciation of the music. In this sense, &quot;Islands&quot; is marred. In  all other senses, it is extremely beautiful - far and away the most  beautiful music KC ever produced. &quot;Islands&quot; itself is haunting, a  tune that can creep up on you at unexpected times the rest of your life;  the bizarre juxtaposition of &quot;Formentera Lady&quot; (a mild but exotic  excursion into Greek climates and mythology) and &quot;Sailor's Tale&quot;  (an extraordinary - and loud - electric guitar thrumming session) is  unforgettable. And although &quot;Prelude: Song of the Gulls&quot; is not  executed perfectly, the composition itself would have done Handel proud.  &quot;The Wake of Poseidon&quot; is KC's most overrated album, and  &quot;Islands&quot; is the opposite. It pulls and pushes; it is like the  tide. It should be experienced, rather than analysed.
0345315227|2.0|I began reading the series with 2001 just so I could read up to 3001.  I was fascinated by the Star Child, mesmerized by the monoliths, the Jupiter explosion, the diamond, and the Europans...reached 3001 and was greatly  disappointed.  Frankly, 2010 blows this out of the water.  There were some  interesting ideas here, but I was just about sick of the antireligious  diatribe by the last few chapters and almost didn't finish.  None of the  other books were like that--more scientific than philosophical, and  actually believable.  Where are the theories?  The evolutions?  The  mind-blowing ideas?  Here, it just seemed like Clarke wanted to make a last  sermon against Christianity, rather than wrapping up a magnificent  story.<br />I'm not sure he gives his readers enough credit for suspending  their disbelief long enough to take in the story, and somehow wants to  force us into believing the future his way by insulting any beliefs we may  or may not have.  But would we have even made it this far in the series if  we couldn't do that?  Enough is enough.  Thank heavens this is the end.   Luckily, I have selective memory, and will only remember that the first  three, or at least the first two, were beautiful.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This cd is far better that Jagged Little Pill. The songs are must more sophiscated than on JLP. She shows how powerful her voice really is. I lve SFIJ.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Shes done it again! Celine Dions Christmas project is wonderful. She sings her finest to these Holiday tracks both old and new. &quot;O Come All Ye Faithfull&quot; is uplifting and beautifull. And &quot;God Bless Us  Everyone&quot; will give you the feeling of hope and the those warm fuzzy  insides. Special Times is the best Holiday collection in a very long time.  If your a Celine fan then dont miss out on this one!!
B00000DGUG|3.0|Listening to the newest from A.M., I am struck by her ability to craft her voice as an instrument. This is very similar--eerily so--to the way Grace Slick's voice sounded in the earlier days of the Jefferson  Airplane.<br />Alanis has moved from external anger to internal exploration,  which may frustrate some fans, who wanted more of &quot;jagged little  pill&quot; songs. But I applaud her growth as an artist-- buy the  album.<br />It's also interesting to read these reviews, and see the violently  contrasting opinions. Either you love her music or you hate it; if you  liked JLP, you'll like her newest opus.
0688156819|5.0|strongely recomended for Burton fans, very reminiscent of Edward Gorey only less stilted and more creative.
0807106577|5.0|Easily the funniest book I have ever read.  If you enjoyed Tortilla Flat, Catch-22, and Dilbert, this book will make you howl.  Toole's eyes were certainly open. (and closed too soon.)
B000001ES4|5.0|Originally purchased as a relaxation CD, Secret Garden is that and much more.  I have used it as background for a quiet meditation time and found that different selections evoke memories or images that were quite  soothing.  I highly recommend it.
B00000DGUG|5.0|After waiting YEARS for a new album, here it is finally.  Ah...yep, I just bought it, listened to it and I love it.  Alanis isn't &quot;deep&quot; or anything.  She doesn't even have a really good voice.  But the messages  that her music brings across really touch me.  I listen to her almost 24/7.   &quot;Thank U&quot; clams me and gives me an odd insight on the world.   Thank you Alanis....
B00000ADG2|5.0|This cd has it all.... love, admiration of a child, self realization..... and its Lauryn Hill!  Her voice and style is incomparable and is absolutely phenomenal!  All r&amp;b fans must have this CD!!
0399143904|1.0|Slogged through this one; too many hours of my life I'll never get back.  I used to be a fan.
0553296981|5.0|This is the most profound book I have ever read.<br />You cannot help feeling a deep sense of loss when you finish this book. Like most other readers I feel that I know and love Anne Frank. She had such a yearning to  live, to love, to know others and to be known, to accomplish and to make a  difference in the world. In the light of this her pointless early death in  a concentration camp is so deeply poignant. Her story has caused me to feel  pain and loss but it has also made me understand more what we are; her  strength and life have given me a powerful desire to live a better, more  rewarding, and more meaningful life. After all I am not cooped up in hiding  unable to go out into the world - so what's stopping me? The answer - only  myself.
0385484518|5.0|Extremely readable and unpretentious.  Mitch Albom taps into thoughts and feelings that many of us  have, unfortunately, tuned out.  I felt peaceful upon completing this book, and have actually taped the picture of Morrie  dancing near my computer screen.  In the desensitized world many of us live  in, this book is a two to three hour personal retreat.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I have always loved Christmas, with the happiness and love it invokes in all of us. Celine Dion, with her pure, amazing voice has blended her pop familiarity with some of the most loved of all traditional Christmas music.  She also teams up with some major voices. Andrea Bocelli is amazing, and  completely complements Celine's voice. Her duet with R. Kelly is wonderful,  and is some of his best work- he's definitely in top form. I'd reccomend  this album to anyone who loves Christmas time and music.
0345428056|4.0|Following in the footsteps of Chris Ryan, and becoming a full time author, MacNab has made an outstanding jump from autobigraphical work to fiction. I found the book to be 'un put a downable' and all the time I was reading it  I couldn't help thinking I can't wait for the film. I don't want to spoil  the story more than saying it's good guy against bad goverenment - US and  UK. There is blood and gore and a fine attention to detail that makes it a  must. I can't wait until the next book
B00000AFFF|5.0|I've been waiting for this album for over 15 years!  The pop music of the Burt Bacharach/Carole Bayer Sager years were pleasant enough, but here the passion, pain and genius is back.  It's a perfect collaboration with  Costello.  Like Bacharach's voice in his early years, Costello's is  occassionally strained around this challenging music, but that makes it  more earnest.  I completely lose myself in the music and lyrics.
0399143904|5.0|I did enjoy reading this somewhat predictable book with a familiar plot. Why did this top secret, elite, counter terrorist combat team have to rely on a civilian British Airline to transport them to  their terrorist  targets. The ebola aerosol plot sounded really familier to me to. But it  was fun to read in any case. Maybe in his next book he could have a  president who's caught in a sex triangle in the oval office launch a cruise  missile attack on an aspirin factory in Sudan!
0399143904|1.0|Reasonable first chapter, then an incredibly repetitive remainder, not least of all copying vast chunks of Executive Orders (also not one of his best !)<br />High time he abandoned this cast of characters, and tried  something new !
B000003TAR|5.0|This might be an unfair leap to make, but I think that In Utero is easily one of the finest albums ever made.  Though all Nirvana albums are excellent and are must-haves for any music fan, and though it lacks the  revolutionary importance of Nevermind, In Utero is the best Nirvana album,  both lyrically and musically.  Rarely, if ever, has their been such a fine  portrait of a man in collapse as In Utero is of Kurt Cobain.  By the  strength of this album alone, Nirvana deserves a place among the all-time  greats.  Viewed in conjunction with their other releases, In Utero may well  be the culmination of the &quot;best&quot; band in the history of rock.   It's heartbreaking that Kurt Cobain checked out with so much left before  him, but the legacy created in his brief and brilliant life will never be  forgotten.
0553288105|5.0|This book is really 3 novelettes: 'Against Stupidity', 'The Gods Themselves', 'Struggle in Vain'.  The first and third are, quite simply, mediocre fare, and trivialize the future not predict it.  The second is  brilliant, and is worth the price of the book.  It wouldn't hurt you to  just read part 2 and skip the rest.  The common theme is based on Asimov's  knowledge of chemistry turned into an absurd con game, and is laughable by  the time you finish part 3 and see how he solves the problems his con game  creates, the con game being a source of free infinite energy for mankind.   Sure :)<br />Part 2 is on a different plane.  It reveals a new race of triad  creatures, where 2 pseudo-males start out mating, then inviting a  pseudo-female to join in, and then all 3 mate, and eventually fuse into a  new form.  With today's homosexuality and sex role debate, this cute  novelette is particularly worthwhile reading.  It is not really  homosexuality either, it is trisexuality, and a profound contribution.   Don't get confused by all the new words and terminology when you start, as  by the time you are halfway through it will all suddenly make sense, and  become beautiful and you will know you learned something profitable and  rare.  You might want to read it twice. Or thrice :)<br /> If Asimov weren't  subject to the rules of the paperback market back in the '70s, he might  have gotten by publishing just part 2 and today it would be a highly  acclaimed classic.  Maybe it will be one day. :)
B00000DGUG|4.0|Tremendous album! I purchased this along with Sheryl Crow's &quot;The Globe Sessions&quot; &amp; and I am one very satisfied consumer! (I would give Sheryl 5 stars).<br />Alanis has a very disjointed writing style, a voice  that measures the extremes in one breath &amp; a heart spilling over with  classic angst. 'Thank-you' gets most of the attention on this album but  there are so many other phenomenal songs!  Although some songs have a harsh  sound, under it all are ballads of the heart &amp; mind.  You can't go  wrong here.
0385484518|4.0|This book is very touching and gives you a challenge, how are you living your life? Morrie, a former college professor poses many questions to the reader not only about life but about oneself. I recommend this book to   high school seniors entering college, this book will challenge your way of  life as you enter adulthood and start on your own. As a high school senior  myself I have learned many great lessons from this book.
B000002WCJ|5.0|as good as it gets... I love their classical sounds. Helloween's old members, Kai, Kiske, Ingo, 3 members are included. I think the best album in helloween albums.
0380973642|5.0|I've got Angels &amp; Visitations. I've got ashcan editions of stuff. I've got anthologies with Gaiman bits tucked away in them.  I still think it's worth it to plunk down the bucks, if only to have it all in one place for  easy access, but also for the material I haven't seen, and the nice little  story in the intro (kind'a like the sting in the scorpion's tail. Only  coming out of its belly.) It's Gaiman! --what more need be said?
B000001FN3|5.0|When I listened to this CD for the first time, I was totally astonished by its stunning sound and unique creativeness of APP. I have almost every APP albums. This is No. 1 album  in the whole APP's career and will be. Great arrangement and  instrumentation by Alan Parsons, a music genius and sound magician. The  best tracks of the best are no, 4 and 9, I think. Really recommendable  album to any music lovers.<br />I sincerely thank &quot;Mercury/PolyGram&quot;  people for their efforts to release this CD as &quot;ADD&quot; for better  sound. On the other hand, I really urge &quot;Arista&quot; label to treat  all other APP's albums as historical legacy of music and try to give them  some serious improvement for better sound quality and liner notes. I'm  ready to invest more money for the improvement simply because they deserve  it.
0812550706|5.0|Well, I really don't know what to say about this book that hasn't already been said.  Wow.  I highly recommend it and all of the other Ender books.  Don't miss them!
0606025782|5.0|&quot;Cat's Cradle&quot; is a very enjoyable book to read.  I say this not only because some of the characters and situations are bizarre but, they are also easy to relate to.  This book has a lot to say about people and  religion (to name only a few) and it does it in an &quot;I can't put it  down!&quot; way.  Treat yourself to this one, you'll laugh, you'll cry  (maybe).  Vonnegut won't let you down.
0812550757|5.0|I truly feel that this book is perhaps better than the first.  While I loved the first, this book was more openly emotional and creative, while not being excessive.  I am now reading XENOCIDE, which I so far think is  good but not as good as this masterpiece.  To anyone who craves a good  science fiction book, I highly recommend this, and ENDER'S GAME.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Because I've been an Alanis fan since Jagged Little Pill, I bought this cd through Amazon.com before it came out. I received it today and I'm REALLY impressed. The songs really make you feel something. Clever lyrics and  varity make this cd great. And it's not as angry as jagged was. Buy this,  you'll get a lot of use from it!
0312853238|5.0|Read the first 2 pages, and you are addicted. You will not want to put this book down untill you reach the very last word, and say &quot;WOW, This is a masterpiece!&quot; I fought with people to leave me alone to finish  this book. NON STOP THRILL
0887307396|5.0|After having purchased this book last year, I had no time yet to put it on my bookshelf. It is too interesting. This book is an excellent resource for everybody who is interested in studying successful company's approaches to  corporate strategy. It is one of the truly best books on this topic and  based on a very precise fact collection. I only can admit them to be true,  being myself an employee in the marketing department of one of the  mentioned companies. Congratulations to the authors. A long time will pass  before I put this research on the shelf...
B000000WF0|4.0|With such a shortage of CD's that you can put on your CD player and just let play, The Verve's &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; is a rock n' roll life saver. I absolutly love this CD. I'm in the process of purchasing my second  &quot;Urban Hymns&quot; CD because I've worn out my first copy.  &quot;Rollin People&quot; &amp; &quot;Urban Symphony&quot, and  &quot;The Drugs Don't Work&quot; is sure to become a timeless classic. I  recommend this CD to anyone who loves real music.
B00000DHR0|5.0|I had no idea Celine had a Christmas CD coming out, and when I went shopping I saw it.  I was so excited in the store and I bought it right away.  The songs are beautiful and what more can I say because Celine is  singing them.
B000006NPY|4.0|I have read many of the reviews on this site for Adore and find that many of the negative reviewers cannot lay claim to being true Pumpkins fans.  The only complaint that repeats itself is that the album is too soft and  not &quot;Rock&quot;.  Approximately half of the songs on MCIS sound  exactly like the tracks on Adore(quiet insightful ballads).  Other examples  from previous albums include &quot;Disarm&quot;, &quot;Landslide&quot;,  &quot;Soma&quot;, etc.  SP has always been both a rock and a ballad band to  me and they have served me well with both genres.  Please research the  history of the band you are criticizing before making rash judgements.   Also, go buy the album and sit back and listen.  If you want to mosh to  something, look elsewhere.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a outstanding book about a community that is perfect until one boy changes it.                          The Giver is moderately simple but awesome.                                  It begins as if everything is  perfect until Jonas gets his new job as The Receiver.                                 My story has a little bit of mystery.The mystery is:Is Jonas  seeing things? What is going to become of him?  The main characters are  Jonas and the Giver; they both are virtuous.                   If you  like intense stories you'll love The Giver. It's all yours.
B000002UZ4|5.0|The singles on this recording take me back to happy days of the '80s.  &quot;Love Comes Quickly&quot; reminds me of a young lady I wish that was in my life.  I love this recording.
B0000057C5|4.0|There's only one word to describe this CD: heavy!! They might play one chord throughout the entire song, and the lyrics might be impossible to understand, but hey, they're German lyrics!!! The only thing I really can't  stand about them is that the words to &quot;Du hast&quot; are translated  completely wrong!!!!!!!! For example, the words &quot;Du hast mich gefragt  und ich hab nichts gesagt&quot; really mean &quot;You have asked me and I  said nothing.&quot; But, anyway, buy the CD because it's something that  will irritate your parents to no end and it's just awesome!
1563523302|2.0|I'm amazed at the number of five-stars and four-stars for this book. As somebody else mentioned this book should have been a pamphlet. If you are a sucker for punishment, and need someone to smack you with a baseball bat  for you to know saving is good, you may consider this book. Else, you would  have come across most of what is said in this book, (all of two or three  advices) anyway and with any common-sense would have acted on them.<br />One  bright side to this book. I am very hopeful now that I can write a book  someday, and make a lot of money. I am quite sure I can come up with one or  two semi-original ideas and use them to fill up a book, and find enough  suckers to buy it. How's that for a retirement plan?!
0399143904|4.0|I have been a fan of TC for several years. I thought the introduction of Clark as a main character was great. Clark is definitely not one of today's perfumed warriors. The reading was a bit slow but still kept me interested.  The ending does show that even dark warriors have to obey some of the  political correctness of todays modern world. If not all technically  factual it does have plausibility and gives us something to think about.  Looking forward to his next.
0385484518|5.0|I am reading this book at a time in my life when I can understand exactly where Mitch Albom was coming from when he first started visiting Morrie.  I am a college student faced with writing a term paper and studying for a  biochemistry exam, both which must be completed within a week, and I  suddenly realized, while reading this book during a study break, how little  time I take in my life to truly appreciate what is around me: the people in  my life, the beauty all around me, the love I experience everyday.  This  book opened a door into my heart.  Even though I have always wanted to live  my life the way Morrie suggests, to love others and receive their love,  such perspectives  seem to slip away during the course of a semester.  Thanks to Mitch Albom and Morrie Schwartz, for helping me realize what is  really important to me in my life.
B000001E18|1.0|After Achtung Baby.  As a longtime U2 fan, I v bought this CD when it came out figuring it would grow on me.  It never did.<br />Bono must have lost his incredible lyrical ability jsut before this album, becuase everything he  has written since has been utter crap.  It's really amazing, how he went  from One to this empty shell.<br />I suggest to any fans who have Joshua Tree  or Achtung Baby that you go backwards in building your collection.
0670813028|5.0|I have a little speech about books... A book is, if you don't mind me saying, a part of your life. Not just something you read. Good books make you feel part of the story. Or they make you think that the characters were  your friend, and when something happens to them you feel a pang of fear,  hate, depression, or guilt. IT is one of those books. You'll love it.
B000000W5B|5.0|If you choose _Sticky Fingers_, as many Stones fans (such as myself) might, as the yardstick by which to measure other Stones albums, then I say _Goat's Head Soup_ measures up extremely well.  I can't understand why some  Stones fans don't think so.  There really aren't any bad songs.  The  production values (such as sound quality) are superb.  The musicianship is  equally professional.  The music and words are all by that tallented team  of Mick Jagger and Keith Richards.  You can hear some of the best trends of  the time (1973) at work here in terms of instrumentation, arrangement,  effects and tones, and melodic style.  The whole funk thing was really  developing, and the road to disco was being paved, but there is no  actual  disco music on this album, just some of it's funk sensibilities.  Even the  front, back, and inside album cover design is of the slickest artistic  quality.  Several wonderful keyboard artists and horn players appear on  this album, and the results are breath-taking.  Billy Preston's clavinet  performance on &quot;(Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo) Heartbreaker&quot; is nothing  less than totally awesome, and is complemeted by very funky rhythm guitar.   Put these together with the passionate lyrics and lead vocal, the intense  harmony vocals, and the brilliant and powerful horns and drums (Charlie  Watts had already by this time evolved into a really great drummer), and  &quot;Hearbreaker&quot; is one of the most exiting rock-&amp;-roll opuses  on record.  Nicky Hopkins played much wonderful piano on many great songs  on several Stones albums, and his performance on &quot;Angie&quot; is  particularly memorable here.  The accoustic guitars on &quot;Angie&quot;  are absolutely beautiful, too.  Being a very guitar-oriented band, the  Stones were going through one of their best periods (1969 to 1974) when  Mick Taylor was with them; he and Keith worked very well together by  blending their styles and supporting eachother's lead guitar playing with  solid,reliable rhythm guitar.  &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; is noteworthy  not only for Keith's nice lead vocal (before whiskey and tobacco completely  took a toll on his voice), but also for the very personal lyrics which may  describe his wooing Anitia Pallenberg away from the late former Stone,  Brian Jones.  I don't know about everybody else, but my experience has  shown me that while some songs and albums are loved immediately, some need  time to grow on you; some of my favorite music is stuff that originally  didn't do anything for me.  Maybe Stones fans that don't like this album  need to listen to it again; it might be worth their while.  It's actually  quite beautiful, musical, soulful, and spiritual, as a Stones album ought  to be.  The song &quot;100 Years Ago&quot; is a perfect example of what I'm  talking about.
B000000WFU|4.0|This CD has an amazing blend of sounds that are inspiring, sad, festive, and emotional. The &quot;invented&quot; lanugage is often creative and have a wide array of melodies that accent the talented vocals.  Very sootheing  to the soul.  Adiemus 2 is better however.. taking Adiemus 1 to the next  level.
B000002UEB|5.0|this is the best rock album ever released, true and unique inspiration never to be reached again.
0393317552|5.0|Working from a fantastically diverse array of scholarship, Jared Diamond provides an entirely convincing explanation of How the West Won.  Working from essential geographic and biological foundations, he traces the  development of a very few essential technologies to explain why Eurasians  came to dominate the world.  By narrowing the inquiry to these points, he's  able to cover remarkable territory at an eminently digestible, lucid 400  pages.  (I disagree with those who believe his work overlong -- any less  and either you'd miss either important elements of his argument, or  evidence of its strength.)<br />Part of what makes his work so valuable is  that he avoids most of the self-righteousness endemic in the academy.  Yes,  he does criticise racist theories for their offensiveness, but in the  context of disproving them for their intellectual laziness.  Yes, he indeed  praises New Guinean intelligence unstintingly, but that's actually pretty  sensible:  how many American couch potatoes could muster the mental  resources to survive constant warfare?  In fact, his description of the  bloodletting typical in some less-Westernised societies (the Inca and the  Aztecs come to mind) refutes any accusations of romanticism.  His writing  instead conveys the sort of dispassionate engagement so often missing among  scholars today.
B000001ZS4|5.0|One of the best CDs of JMJ.  I suggest that you close all lights, lie down, and listen carefully.  When you do that, your mind won't be on Earth anymore.  Trust me, don't miss this!!
B000006OAM|5.0|A coworker of mine said that she had just purchased this cd and that was all she was listening to at the moment. Then I saw Natalie on Saturday Night Live do Kind and Generous and there was something so completely  honest about her performance that I decided to buy the cd based on that  performance alone.I never was into 10,000 maniacs and I could take or leave  tigerlily . But Ophelia is one lovely body of work and it becomes even more  so as one listens up. The evocative frozen charlotte is so beautiful and  real... once again so honest a performance in every single song. I would  say that anyone who has a heart and a mind to go with it would be only to  glad to own a copy of Ophelia.
B000002KDZ|5.0|If you like foot-stomping Latin rock this is it. A little grittier and a whole lot more fun than Santana. This is one of my all-time favorite CDs.  Take it on a long drive when you want to stay wide awake. You will remember  their one big hit when you hear it; Suavecito. This is great stuff.  How  come nobody knows about Malo? I bought in the '70's because I liked the  cover.  Recently I just bought my third copy.  The cover art is too small  to really appreciate on the CD, but the music is still totally awesome.  I  have never gotten tired of this.
B0000057C5|5.0|This CD is definitely a good purchase.  It has to be a competitor for best CD or band of 98 or for 99.  This CD put them on the map.  Listen to their first track and you will be hooked. Has two tracks by the band in ENGLISH  that aren't listed. GREAT CD!
0440219078|5.0|This book is one of my all time favorites. It has got to be one of the best books of all time. Yes I'm being sappy, but The Giver shows people that yes there is pain in life, but look at all you have!
B00000DGUG|3.0|At 71 minutes long, this CD took me three times to get through.  Having finally gotten through it, I don't feel much better about the experience.  Stream of consciousness seems to be quite an accurate way to describe many  of this album's lyrics.  There are so many songs with repetitive lines.   &quot;I've seen them...&quot;, &quot;Thank you...&quot; &quot;Are you still  mad...&quot;,  &quot;you were...&quot; &quot;that I would be...&quot;,  &quot;because I can't not...&quot;, &quot;...you are&quot;,  &quot;I was  hoping&quot; &quot;I have been...&quot;, &quot;if I...&quot;,  &quot;let's...&quot;, &quot;if we were...&quot;, &quot;you  were/are....&quot;, &quot;I wouldn't...&quot; These are 14 excerped  examples of lines from 14 of the 17 songs that ramble on with Alanis  tweaking ideas slightly and then repeating them.  I am not kidding.  Most  of it reminds me of myself ad-libbing lyrics to songs the words to which I  don't actually know.  There are only 3 songs that I think are true  &quot;story&quot; songs, and one of them is annoying in its similarity  (guitar-wise)  to Puff Daddy/Jimmy Page's &quot;Come With Me&quot;. Having  said all this, I feel it necessary to say, that despite the uninspiring  lyrics, this album is not altogether un-listenable; in fact, sometimes it  is quite catchy, and I find myself drawn to it in spite of myself.
B000003POI|5.0|More than 15 years since I first listened to this album, and it still is among my top five favorites. This was a breakthrough for Lou ... it was the first time he played guitar on record for about 10 years, and put to rest  the Cartoon Character Lou of the '70s. Robert Quine is absolutely brilliant  trading guitar licks with Lou. This is the best band Lou has played with  this side of the Velvet Underground.
B000000HHE|5.0|With this album De La changed the rap game. They started a new movement in rap music. Their thought provoking rhymes and eclectic style made hip-hop reinvent itself. CLASSIC!!!!!!!!
0553108034|5.0|WHEN do we get to see the sequel, Clash of Kings???? AGOT was one of the best fantasy novels I have read.  The story-telling is clear and vibrant.  the characters are multi-dimensional and the author takes time to give them  depth.   The wait for the next installment is painful!!!
0345347951|4.0|I finally got around to reading this on a business trip, common for most of my Clarke books. For some reason, his writing style is perfect reading for travel... I've heard from many that this book has too many characters  and too many stops-and-starts. I suggest this book be approached like  Bradbury's &quot;Martian Chronicles&quot;: different short stories centered  around a common theme. In fact, I believe at least two of the chapters were  also presented in short-story format in other Clarke collections(?). A  central message is there, but Clarke has chosen to take a wandering path  instead of a straight one. He DOES get there, however. Also, this book has  an surprisingly epic scope; surprising because it only has about 250 pages.
0061002860|4.0|I am so glad our bookclub chose this- its my first christie and it won't be my last. It was amazing the subtle way the clues were introduced and how Poirot gets at the truth. I didn't mind all the liasons, for the end was so  good, that made all the twists and turns worth it.
B000003S5H|4.0|about half the songs on this cd are absolutely beautiful and are among the best things i have heard this year (or last year or the year before...), however there are a few that suck.  but, that's the great thing about cds -  you really don't have to listen to the cuts you don't like.  <br />in any  case, this is a must-buy for anyone who likes modern music.  It is  electronic without being angry, cool without being disconnected, risky  without being petulant.  really really cool.  really really happy.
B000002WEH|5.0|The BEST album by the man for whom theterm 'superstar' was invented. This follow-up to his 1968 'Comeback' TV special made it clear Elvis was still very much in the game. From the first note of &quot;Wearin' that loved-on  Look&quot; tothe final fade-out of &quot;In the Ghetto&quot;,Presley gives  his all. This is more than a collection of songs. It is Elvis' declaration  of self.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Much like Madonna's spiritual transformation in her latest album Ray of Light, Alanis Morissette has undergone similar changes, resulting in a stronger, more liberated collection of songs that continue the story told  in the vulnerable cocoon of bitterness that was at the core of Jagged  Little Pill.  Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie is the next chapter,  telling us what happened after the bombshells were dropped, after the pain  and rage took over, after the smoke cleared.  While songs like &quot;Are  You Still Mad?&quot; and &quot;I Was Hoping&quot; remind us that there will  always be dark moments from which to learn, most of the other songs reveal  a maturity stemming from the difficult tasks of forgiving, accepting, and  moving on.  The lyrics of &quot;Thank U&quot; and &quot;That I Would Be  Good&quot; pierce at the nerves of the heart we so fiercely protect at all  costs, those we often wish we never had, those that remind us of how human  we are, despite the pain and anger that may lead us to believe and behave  otherwise.  I was bitter when she was bitter, and now I am stronger and  wiser as is she.  Perhaps that is why this album moves me so, because in  many ways I have changed right along with her.  All in all, it is a welcome  change, and certainly one that will keep her afloat, both in her career as  an artist as well as in life.  Highly recommended for anyone who's  identified even remotely with her music.
B0000024SI|3.0|Dylan's voice is the most parodied one in rock.  Don't get me wrong, I love his songs and think he is one of the best composers ever.  But the guy's voice just grates on my nerves something terrible.  Always has and  always will.  Why do think there are so many cover versions of his songs?   It's not just because he wrote great songs.  It is also because other  artists knew that they could make them sound more palatable.  I know I am  in the minority among all of you other Dylan freaks, but there a quite a  few that feel the same.  And to each his own opinion.  OK, pal?
B00000AFWW|4.0|Most people think Courtney Love and Hole are just trying to go pop to appeal to a wider range of listeners. I agree, but I can accept it. Face it, if Hole went and released another grunge album in 1998 it would be a  little behind the times. The CD is helped -- and hindered -- a lot by Billy  Corgan. One of the songs he co-wrote, &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is the  best song on the album. Another of his songs (Dying) is the sort of slow  crap that plagues Hole on this album. Only the lyrics in that song save it.  Best songs:<br />Celebrity Skin, Malibu, Reasons to Be Beatiful, Use Once and  Destroy, Playing Your Song, Petals<br />I suggest you buy it, just give it a  try, and chances are you'll end up liking it, punk or bopper.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Easily the best CD of the year, and probably the most explosive popular record since &quot;Jagged Little Pill.&quot; That is actually not such a strange comparison: both are blunt albums by single young women commenting  on love and using it as a metaphor for life and society as a whole.  From  the first track, the punishing diss-record &quot;Lost Ones,&quot; to the  last several mellow tracks this album is efficient, and the immersion of  Lauryn Hill into pure musical genius and superstardom is complete.
0140177396|5.0|If you enjoyed this book and would like to see the movie, I recommend the 1939 version.  It is very well done.  Much better than the recent versions. Of Mice and Men is a classic in my eyes.
0553269631|3.0|This book was all over the place.  I wasn't quite sure whose story was being told or what the overall theme was.  Some parts of the book were very promising, but these parts led nowhere.  I'm not quite sure why this book  made the list of top 100 books.  It's a good book, but I wouldn't call it  one of the best.  If someone can explain what I'm missing, please email me.
B000002KHF|1.0|this cd has to be one of the most overated ablbums ever. I am a classic rock fan and bought this album at the advice of my friend.  I listened to it many times and i can't believe anyone likes it. The songs are boring and  repetitive.  It is terrible.
B000002HMH|3.0|Metallica made their die hard fans wait five years for this? This is a LOAD of crapp! How could they go from being headbanging monsters to a wimpy little alternative band? Perhaps the music is good in comparison to other  alternative/rock bands, but not Metallica. Give me a break. When you listen  to tracks such as &quot;Mama Said&quot;, you think, &quot;wow, this is  good&quot;. When you realize that it is Metallica playing, you say  &quot;What the hell?&quot; Truly a LOAD of crapp when you consider what  Metallica is capable of. I still respect their  music tremendously and I  know that they can still wip out the old metal and kick butt.
B000005H40|5.0|This album -- Coltrane's ONLY Blue Note release -- is generally regarded by jazz cognoscenti as one of his finest, and rightfully so.  The playing on this album is tight, together, and substantial.   Lee Morgan cooks throughout.  Most importantly, the quality of Trane's  original compositions is outstanding -- the album contains some of the best  tunes he ever wrote, especially &quot;Moment's Notice.&quot; Coltrane had  an exceptional gift at rendering ballads -- Miles once said something about  ballads being so hard to play 'cause you have to play slow.  Here, his  trademark control, exquisite taste, and solid sense of direction are fully  evident in his beautiful rendering of the Jerome Kern standard, I'm Old  Fashioned.
0887306667|5.0|Practical examples and witty insights fill the breif chapters of this hard to put down prize.  I believe it is a must read for anyone who sells or leads anything!
0060977493|1.0|I hated it.  The writing style is contrived, and downright annoying.  It offers no new insights on Indian culture, nor does it even really have much of a plot to speak of.  Don't waste your time on this one.
0684847248|3.0|This is a very inspiring book for those who need answers about self discipline,  love, faith and spiritual growth.  Psychology professors have recommended this book from some time and I understand why.  It takes the  reader into a deeper look at what love is and the author spends quite some  time explaining what it is not. I agree on some of his proposals but the  only problem I find with his insights is that they are too simplistic.  His  definition of love is way to general and although he painstakingly  emphasized that, all and all, love is the basic act of a couple's   boundaries collapsing, I still feel that this does not apply in all  situations. And I really didn't agree with his idea that falling in love is  as a &quot;trap&quot; into marriage.  Again too simplistic and not to  mention cynical and sarcastic.  There are a lot of things that disturb me  about this book.  I feel the author is a little rough on the parents and  should read Louise L Hayes books and give parents some credit.  No one is  perfect!!  Remember:  one should understand how parents work with their  children.  They are doing the best they can from what they have learned  themselves from their own parents.  This is how they've been conditioned.   Come on..I know  there are some really BAD parents out there. But for those  who do not live up to their child's EVERY need, one can not equate that  with evil (yes, he equates laziness with evil.. again too simplistic and  false, but that's another book).   Toward the end of the book... Peck  practically gives us his testimony.. It was very inspirational for those  seeking to reach their higher self.. but if you are not a Christian you  will feel left out i would have given this book fewer stars but there ARE a  look of good insights in this books.. especially the chapters on  self-discipline.. can't blame the world for your troubles.. you got to get  up and work to achieve you main goals in life... eventually into spiritual  growth.  I also agreed with his view on changing and how he equated it with  maturity.  Peck's a very stern, no-nonsense speaker and a good thinker.  I  would recommend this book for those looking for answers to why their life  is going no where, but at the same time I would recommend they disregard  some of his theories to achieve the maximum effect of this book (and also  prevent them from getting upset and throwing the book).  Remember it's ok  to disagree with what you read in this book.  Peck has a way of making  things seem so definite and written in stone just because he says so.  I've  read plenty of his books so I know!
B000000ORX|4.0|I had stopped listening to Joni Mitchell for a while, relying mostly on my favorites like &quot;Court and Spark.&quot;  A friend played this for me in '92, and I still play it once a month or so.  Some of the tracks seem a bit  experimental, like Cherokee Louise, but the title song is so amazing that  it sort of stays with me.  Maybe because it highlights her voice more than  some tracks, where she's more like another instrument.  I feel silly  putting stars on an artist's album, but the ones above are in the context  of her other work.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book in one sitting...finished it at 4:00am and wept for another hour...stayed up and made a list of those mentors and friends who have touched my own life in ways I hadn't considered before reading this  book. The book has moved me to action; I'm finding my old friends and  letting them know what they have meant to me while they're still here. The  book has also moved me to consider my responsibility as a mentor for  others.  I have not read a book this moving since Rebecca Brown's  &quot;Gifts of the Body&quot;. In both of these works, the message is so  simple and concise, yet it seems to elude us until someone reminds us of  just how lucky we are to have had the friends and experiences that have  shaped our lives. I've bought several copies of &quot;Gifts of the  Body&quot; to pass on to friends and family. With &quot;Tuesdays With  Morrie&quot;, I have a new selection to share with those special people. My  thanks to Mitch and Morrie for a great personal lesson.
B00000DGUG|4.0|The first thing that I thought of when I heard this CD was Madonna.  It seems that on some of the tracks Alanis is being heavily influenced by her boss.  Then on others she seems to sound like Pheobe from Friends with some  of the lyrics.  The music is good but I just don't get some of these  lyrics.  All in all, I do like this CD.  After all, I gave it 4 stars BUT I  am an Alanis fan so maybe that's why.  I would bye anything that she puts  out even if it isn't the greatest thing.  Jagged Little Pill is on tough  act to follow but for her sophomore effort, it's pretty good.
B00000AFFI|5.0|I haven't stopped listening to this album since I brought it,song's like &quot;Angelene&quot;,&quot;The River&quot; and &quot;A Perfect Day Elise&quot; caught me straight away,all the others hooked me with the next  few play's. The production on this album is way better than any off her  previous one's. Personally it's my favourite PJ Harvey album yet!
B000002OR6|5.0|Time certainly hasn't affected this artist. After almost 20 years Meatloaf rocks the world with one of his greatest albums yet. Perfect mixes of guitars, percussion, and the soul that only Meatloaf can provide.  Definately well beyond 5 stars.
0553573403|5.0|Simply amazing.  Not only does this offer all the basic requirements for a fantasy epic--vast world, colorful history/myths,a very complex and wonderfully decietful political backdrop... but Martin's prose in among the  best, far better than most the filler on the shelves these days.  The  descriptions are vivid and lush. Best of all, he really gets into the  skulls of the charicters and makes them breath, fear, hate, and love.  Recomended.
B000002L7J|5.0|I am only 19 but I love all the Smith's albums after being introduced to them through the Singles LP. Although that was considered a 'best of' I was astounded by the quality of this album. The tracks 'Barbarism begins at  home', 'I want the one I can't have' and the famous 'How soon is now?' are  all songs created by a band with wit, charm and intellect who seem almost  forgotten by the music industry - which makes it all the more satisfying  listening.  Well worth a look if you are getting bored of low IQ rock  groups.
B000002JS8|4.0|While this is a really good CD, it has been highly overrated.  Any AC/DC fan worth his salt already owns this CD, so this review is for the rest of you.  If you already own a few AC/DC CDs, this one is another good one to  buy.  If you're looking for your first AC/DC CD, I would recomment Back in  Black, Let There Be Rock, or High Voltage.  There are a lot of good songs  on this one, but no great ones (Yes, I know most fans really love the title  track, but I've never really cared for it that much).
B00000DHRX|5.0|As we get older it seems that the music we once listened to has changed in many ways. I was a R&amp;R baby who never dared to listen to &quot;pop rock&quot; Now that I've aged just a tad. The music I listen to now is much  more enjoyable. Hence this box set from G.M. I was never a big fan until  now. The quality of music not to mention the choice is first rate. It'll  bring chills to your spine. Great music from a great artist.
B000002534|5.0|The three tracks (actually they are continuous) &quot;Here and Now&quot;, &quot;Flor de Canela&quot; and &quot;Promise of a Fisherman&quot; are incredibly powerful - there is order breaking down into chaos, and order  reemerging - beautiful melody and frantic rhythm it's all there in this  one.
B00000DGUG|5.0|You have to listen to this album differently than you did with JLP. The thing is TOTALLY different. If you thought this one would another JLP you were wrong. Alanis evolves. Her mind evolves. Her music evolves.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Not only is &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; one of the best albums of the '90's, but it is also one of the greatest of all time.  From ballads like &quot;Mayonaise&quot; and &quot;Spaceboy&quot; and &quot;Luna&quot; to hard  rockers like &quot;Cherub Rock&quot; and &quot;Silverfuck,&quot; this CD  has got it all.  It is a powerful epic that truthfully explores the dark  side of childhood and the sweet emotion of love.
B000002HRE|4.0|After the complete disaster of the album named 'Load' , ReLoad gives us fans better music. Although not (again) like the old Metallica, the sound of this album is quite good. 'Menory Remains' and 'The Unforgiven II' are  candidates of classical Hard Rock pieces. Well, all in all, Metallica does  it if they want!
0525457585|5.0|Whether you are an adult or child, whether you have seen this movie or not, this is a book worth reading. It is about Bastian, an unpopular, troubled, and unheroic boy. To become a hero, he must live his life over  again, reborn in a world of the human soul. With its themes of great  adventure and its surprisingly easy-to-follow plot, it is a book that  everone can read, and one that truly touches the soul.
B0000025SB|4.0|this, the final pink floyd album with roger waters, provides listeners with an view of the writer's (waters)  thoughts and feelings.  it is really great personal poetry accompanied by the signiture pink floyd sound.  david  gilmore still provides us with great guitar work as evident on &quot;the  fletcher memorial home&quot;, and the original studio work as heard before  on &quot;the wall&quot; and &quot;dark side of the moon&quot;, is also  present on this album (listen to &quot;one of the few&quot; for slight  hints of this).  the album takes the listener through songs that lyrically  ranks among the top of their storied history.  it also contains a few songs  that can be regarded as some of their best work.  songs such as &quot;not  now john&quot; and &quot;the post war dream&quot; are both musically and  poetically profound and anchor this final roger waters collaboration with  pink floyd.  some listeners may see it as a continuation of &quot;the  wall&quot;, and that rogers should just turn the page on his dealings with  his past.  however, the &quot;the final cut&quot; is actually the  reconcilliation waters had been searching for.  pink floyd has produced in  &quot;the final cut&quot; an original piece of work by reaching into their  rich past.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Having waited for a very long time for more Alanis I found myself at the store the day of release.  While I think Thank You a somewhat redundant song, I love Baba.  The others will grow on me as did all of her songs on  the first album. Nice work Alanis.
0385484518|5.0|A friend of mine recently told me that one of the highest compliments you can give a writer on their work is to wish you had written something just as well done, and powerful.  That is exactly what Mitch Albom has done.   Tuesdays with Morrie is an outstanding book that makes, at least this  reader, wish he had written a book just like it.
0517543052|5.0|A friend lent me this book years ago. It sat on my shelf for years (I was intrigued enough not to give it back, but not enough to actually read it). Then one day, seeking answers, I picked it up. The first section is  interesting, the third section useful, but the middle section changed my  life. Midway through it I stepped into the void quite unexpectedly (so  surprising it left me in tears) and my life has never been the same. It's  terminology may be dated, yes, but it's message is timeless. Look past your  prejudices. Read it with an open mind, and you, too, may be reborn
B00000DMJF|5.0|When I'll hold this box in my hands/ and I feel my finger on the cd player button/ I will Know/ Nobody will can do me no Harm/ because Happiness is a Warm Gun.
B000002KCC|5.0|Neil Young's Tonight's the Night album is the epiotome of a person trying to deal with a friend dying from drugs.  Everything about this album is raw and to the point.  It is expressed in a way that makes you wander if the  artists are about to nod out themselves.  Glory Hallelujah Neil Young has  delivered a masterpiece!
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam is definitely the best band in the 90's. Do the evolution, Wishlist, In Hiding are all master pieces. This CD is like good chinese tea, taste weired the first time, but the more you drink, the better it  gets.  And it is good for your health(mental).
B000002MY3|5.0|someone that is wise beyond her  years.  one of the best cd's i have heard in years.  you go girl.  yes my dear, life is ironic,i really do think.
B00000DGUG|3.0|It wasn't exactly Alanis. I have respect for her though, at least she had the courage to change so drastically. From the angry hater girl to the calm and content woman. She just had this image and I think she disappointed  some of her fans.(Including me.) I would rather listen to some angry hater  girl like Courtney Love.
B000000W3G|4.0|With &quot;The Aeroplane Flies High&quot;, the Smashing Pumpkins reveal many facets of their music that sets them apart from other modern-day bands. Several tracks were left off the group's official releases, and  others are covers of the Cars, the Cure, and other bands close to Billy  Corgan's heart. It's an interesting mix of acoustic, piano, metal, polished  and unfinished material, and worth the price for any Pumpkins devotee. And,  who else in the world of alternative music but Billy Corgan could pull off  an affectionate rendition of &quot;My Blue Heaven&quot;?
B000000WA4|5.0|As a fan of the Pumpkins who was converted late in the game, I was at first drawn into their sound with &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot; and &quot;1979&quot;. The scope of music on &quot;Mellon Collie and the  Infinite Sadness&quot; is such that it will stand as the group's magnum  opus, as well as a classic record for modern rock. Having cut my teeth on  behemoths like &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;, &quot;Tommy&quot;, &quot;Dark Side  of the Moon&quot; and &quot;Physical  Graffiti&quot;, I felt that today's  alternative bands (and fans) would shy away from lengthier works. But Billy  Corgan has crafted an album that will certainly take its place alongside  the great ones, and, well, comparisons to the Beatles, Yes and Zeppelin are  inevitable. Running &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; for the first time, I was  absorbed by the atmosphere set by these 28 songs. The title track, with its  elegiac piano and mellotron, promises moving and memorable listening to  follow. Then, in &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, the journey begins with a  gale of orchestral strings and Corgan singing &quot;...believe in me as I  believe in you&quot;; he's promising both great music and the full panoply  of emotions. It reminds me of the Beatles on &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely  Hearts Club Band&quot;: &quot;..we hope you will enjoy the show.&quot;  Tunes like &quot;Jellybelly&quot;, &quot;Zero&quot; and &quot;Bullet with  Butterfly Wings&quot; recall the Pumpkins' earlier scorching guitar  assaults, while &quot;Cupid De Locke&quot;, &quot;Galapogos&quot; and  &quot;Thirty-Three&quot; are tasty confections. I like the anthemic  &quot;Muzzle&quot;, the infectious &quot;1979&quot;, and the sprawling  &quot;Porcelina of the Vast Oceans&quot;, but there is enough material here  to suit every mood, and the musicianship has never been better. And only a  band like the Smashing Pumpkins could indulge in songs like &quot;By  Starlight&quot;, &quot;Beautiful&quot;, the cabaret of &quot;Lily&quot; and  the sleepy, tuck-me-in murmur of &quot;Farewell and Goodnight&quot;. As the  last strains of melancholy piano lifted into the night sky, I felt like  flipping back to Side One to start this incredible journey all over again.  I have since gotten the other Pumpkins records, but this is the one I keep  coming back to.
0688158234|5.0|i first came upon the image of waris while idly flipping through the pages of a magazine.  a fold-out revelon ad revealed faces of several typical-model cutouts and one strikingly exotic woman.  i read the insert  and noted that model's name; i knew i'd be hearing a lot more about this  woman. i just didn't know how.  waris dirie's story compacts more events,  turns, triumphs and tragedies in her young life than many of us will ever  encounter in many more years here on earth.  this book is an easy read, in  spite of it's heady subject nature. waris' direct and humorous approach in  recounting some less than pleasant experiences is endearing.  her journey  from the deserts of somalia to the new york metropolis is paved with  interesting and life-affirming anectdotes that are a testament to the human  spirit. waris is indeed dealt a great number of blows by virtue of her  birth to somali nomads.  also, while she doesn't admit it, waris seems to  court trouble and trouble easily complies. however, it is these  circumstances that seem to have uniquely prepared her to triumph over every  obstable placed in her path later in life.  her determination and  willingness to risk all for her beliefs are the engine for this book.  the  story of waris' young life offers a journey to the reader. read it and  enjoy one incredible ride.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Another very good CD from Alanis, but several of the songs seem like filler.  If she'd left about 5 songs off (The Couch, One,...) it would be perfect.  But then again, I guess that's what the skip button on my CD  player's for!
B00000DGUG|4.0|For all those who seem to hate her, I would like to see them write and sing their &quot;own&quot; music.  Good music, great follow up to an awesome first!
0920668364|5.0|This is a favorite book of mine to read to my children.  It completely describes the unconditional love a mother feels for her children and offers a glimpse into the future when a mothers love is returned by the  unconditional love of her grown son.  After reading this book to my adopted  grandmother, she immediately bought three copies of it to give to her grown  children with kids.  I highly recommend this book for every child's  library.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Look i don't need to buy the cd to give it a review.  Alanis is talented and her first cd could carry both.  Unlike most artist she has enough brains to write her own lyrics.  5 stars, enough said.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I was wondering why they chose a slow ballad for the first single of this new album.<BR> After I heard the other songs I knew the reason: This album is BAD! Background sounds, weird dull sounds, instruments sounding as if  played by seven-year-old grunge fans - I was glad I hadn't bought it right  from the rack.<BR><BR> If you like or love the first album &quot;Jagged  little pill&quot; keep it and cherish it. And forget the new one.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Marilyn is the bravest artist out there.  He is brilliant.  If he wasn't how come people who hat him know all his album cover names and know all the lriycs to his hit songs, one reason he is a marketing genuis.  as for the  album it is pretty cool, his lyrics are phat and his vocie is cool.  incase  you haven't notice all his evil man stuff is work, he is just smart(kinda  reduntant).
B000005ILF|2.0|I am a die-hard Sting fan. Ask anyone. For me to express any disapproval of the god-like man is unheard of. Or was, before this album.  I wasn't too impressed with Ten Summoner's Tales, but I thougt it was normal for anyone  to have one bad project. But this album was... not great. The lyrics to  most songs were contrived and not what I would expect form a poet such as  Sting.  With the exceptions of &quot;I Was Brought to my Senses,&quot;  &quot;La Belle Dame Sans Regret,&quot; and &quot;Valparaisio&quot;, this  album was not only not worth listening to, but some of the songs (&quot;I  Hung My Head&quot; and &quot;You Still Touch Me&quot;) grated on my nerves.  Oh, and the straw that broke the camel's back was the blatant use of the  same baseline from &quot;When We Danced&quot; running rampant through the  worst song on the album. You know which one I mean... I know Sting likes to  reuse lyrics, but I figured the music was always original! In my humble  opinion, money is far better spent albums such as &quot;Nothing Like the  Sun&quot; or &quot;Soul Cages&quot; or even the anthology &quot;Fields of  Gold&quot; than on this less-than-mediocre effort.
0385484518|5.0|I believe we all would like to have known someone like Morrie.  If we had more Morrie's in the world we would have better communication, respect and love.  This is a book that should be open and visible in each home,  everywhere.  Open it often and read Morrie's words.  Think about them and  use daily.  Long live the spirit of Morrie.
B000001E8P|5.0|I have always listened to Pulp, but never realized who they were until my brother got a job in a record store and bought His'N'Hers and Different Class home with him. But it was much later that I discovered Different  Class on his CD rack and was curious enough to listen to it. It blew me  away. The first song Mis-Shape got me hooked. This song would pop in my  head as I walked downed the street, giving me confidence. The other song,  Disco 2000 - which I heard many times, made me finally realized who they  were. That day, I must have listen to that album non-stop three or four  times. Few years have past now and I still find this album to have energy.
0684833395|5.0|I read this book when it first came out. I was a Senior in High School,the Vietnam war was raging and it was what EVERYONE was reading. Its hilarity and cynicism hit everyone where we were most concerned: war, the craziness  of authority, and staying sane in a crazy world.
B00000D9TK|5.0|...And I thought &quot;D'Eux&quot; was the best French cd from Cline.  Wow, all of these songs are sung with such emotion that they send chills through my body.  I recommend you to buy this cd.  It is one of Cline's  best.  Bye!
B000000WFU|5.0|Songs of Sanctuary is just as the name implies.  Losing yourself in this recording is inevitable.  When I first heard this in England three years ago, I immediately searched to purchase it.  Even after three years of  considerable play it hasn't begun to loose it's appeal.  An Excellent Value  !!
B00000DHR0|5.0|Well, it's about time Cline came out with a Christmas CD.  I was counting down the days until it came out.  Do not hesitate to purchase this cd, it is worth the time any money.  Every song is sung with that true Cline  passion.  Enjoy!
B00000AFFF|5.0|I was given this album as a gift -- and I'm totally addicted to it!!  I've been a fan of Elvis for a long time, and I had no idea what to expect from this album.  I think it's great that he has his own vision and does his own  thing and doesn't worry about what is &quot;cool&quot; -- and who'd a  thought Burt Bacharach would suddenly be hip again.  Bravo Elvis!  I'm so  addicted to this album, that I haven't taken it out of my cd player yet  (and I've had it several weeks)!
0385484518|5.0|A very touching and enjoyable read, I found this book to make up for the mentoring so many of us miss while we are all aging together.  Morrie offered suscinct, practical, abeit simple, viewpoints on  the issues that  many of us wonder about (marriage, death, forgiveness).  Sometimes the most  touching accounts are the one's that inherently make sense, awakening  something we already knew but somehow forgot.
0399143904|1.0|What has happened to the man who wrote &quot;Hunt For Red October&quot; and &quot;Red Storm Rising?&quot;  This unbelievable plot about enviormentalists trying to rule the whole strain credulity.  With all this  militia stuff happenings all over how could Tom ever believe that anyone  why find this story interesting.  Unfortunately, this is the last Clancy  book for me.
0451167716|5.0|I have always heard about this book/movie, but have never taken the time to read/watch it.  When I finished reading it I was sad to see it end, although what an ending.  This book is a must-read.  I'll probably even  read it again (so far I've only found this book and Crime and Punishment  really worth reading more than once).  My next step is to see the movie but  I don't see how it can compare to the book.  If there were more stars I  would give them all!
B000002VCU|5.0|This album was my first choice of all APP albums. 'Time' was so mersmerising that I could begin to take an interest in this amazing project. All tracks from 1st to the last, were well written and arraged, I  think. In fact I'm a classical music lover and this album has the classical  depth and expression.<br />'Tales of Mystery &amp; Imagination' must be ranked  at the top but this album is also highly competitable to the 1st album.  Never miss this album!!
0449000729|4.0|I was born and brought up not too far from Sarum, so I could relate to the author's descriptions and the atmosphere that he was trying to create.  I think he captures the spiritual essence of the area.  If anyone has been  there they will know what a mystical and magical place it is. Yes.  Rutherfurd takes liberties with genetics and historical facts, name a  novelist who doesn't.  If you want history, get a text book.  If you want  to feel the place, enjoy the characters, relive the passion and violence of  times gone by and lose yourself for a while, read this book.
0060392584|5.0|I remember the day I saw Marilyn Manson and heard his music.  I then remember how disgusted I was with him.  Yet, I am not one to judge people just by the glance I take of them.  I investigated him and finally got a  hold of this book.  Instantly, all I hoped for was proven, as I learned  that none of the ill-fated rumors surrounding him were true.  He is now my  favorite performer and my most respected.  All of you who believe he is  anything devilish or disgusting must read this; I challenge you to explore  him and discover his honesty and trueness.  There is nothing bad about his  message, for he is only warning us of the things that he wishes us not to  be.
B000002H97|5.0|This is their best album (at least out of those that I have heard!
B000002NJS|5.0|This CD was really good.  I especially like Frozen, Drowned World and Ray of Light. All the songs were good.  and the music video for Frozen was way cool.
B000002C25|2.0|Yeah, Oasis defined a period with Wonderwall, and yeah they had a few good tunes on the first two albums.  But haven't you all noticed you can play Wonderwall and Live Forever directly over all of these tracks?  I give'em 2  for being consistent.
B0000047CW|5.0|This is a great way to be introduced to the  fusion of jazz and samba.  One of the finest recordings of our times.  A must buy for the serious jazz collector.
B00000DGUG|2.0|Against the will of my roommate, I bought the CD. Jagged Little Pill contained music that I detested at first, then grew on me so much that I loved the album. It was original, insightful, and a little out of control.  I was hoping to find something as original as the first with this CD, but  was sorely disappointed. Drum tracks that we heard before; simgle line,  minor piano lead-ins to tunes (aka City of Angels); even steeping as low as  titling music &quot;Thank U&quot; and &quot;U R&quot;... I mean, what a sad  attempt at being alternative. Maybe I'll be disappointed and after a year  I'll love this album, but I'd suggest waiting until then to purchase it.
0345409671|5.0|I have read The Vampire Armand, and now can say that without a doubt, Memnoch is still my favorite. It grappled with ideas and ideals that none of the other books came close to. The book had such a deep and emotional  quality to it, one that I have never seen in any other book. (Anna Karenina  aside) A definite must read. Anne Rice, thank you.
0062502182|5.0|I read this book with a highlighter. <br />The last book that moved me like this was Atlas Shrugged (and The Fountainhead). The author has managed to convey the meaning of life through the eyes of the main character. It is  simple despite the complexity of what is being conveyed. It is so relevant  and meaningful that you will never look at life the same way after you have  read it.
B000002KH3|5.0|The guitar playing on this album is unreal. The tone is massive and the solos have real bite.
0380799006|5.0|Even though I was pretty aware of the latest parenting techniques, this book gave me new insights into handling sibling relationships such as the subtle ways that parents compare children without realizing it and the  effects of children comparing each other.  Read it once before the second  child is born and again every few years!
0812550706|5.0|I couldn't put the book down.  I thought it was VERY well writte
0679721037|3.0|I thought that John Hersey's Hiroshima could have packed a huge impact, but the power wouldn't be felt immediately.  It wasn't until the second time I read through the book that I got any type of emotion out of it.   Although the purpose of the book was to inform readers of the effects of  nuclear warfare, I experienced more of the suffering aspect.  Granted, this  was the first account I've seen of how devastating the bomb was to  individuals, but the effect I think it was supposed to have (one of utter  disgust for our country's ability to do this to other people) completely  missed me.  I didn't have a heart-felt reaction to the book.  I didn't  actually feel sad for the people involved.  I didn't hate America for their  actions.  On the other hand, I didn't hate the book.  I just didn't think  it had any real purpose.  Yes, it did give an accurate account of the lives  of the hibakusha, but it failed to show why it was doing so.  I think if  Hersey would have explained the inner importance of the emotions of those  people, I would have gotten more out the book.  It wasn't a bad read, but  the lack of purpose brings this one down.  I'd give it 2 stars, but in  this case I'll give it 3.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Great tunes. Inspiring lyrics. Also really enjoyed Jagged Little Pill. Great sound from our little Canadian friend.
B000001FP8|5.0|This CD is the perfect mix of great lyrics and music for when one is feeling hyper, sad, or romantic. Bon Jovi's best CD to be recorded ever and even thogh it is 10 years old, it never goes out of fashion and it is still  heard throughout the world and recognized by everyone, people who love Bon  Jovi's music, and people who hate it. Everyone knows or has heard at least  one song of theirs from this album, and many others feel represented by the  lyrics of the songs. Among the best songs in this album are: Wild Is the  Wind, I'll be There for You, Born to be My Baby, and Stick to Your Guns. A  very good listening choice. A good investment. If you can buy it, do. I am  sure you won't regret it!!!!
B000002H2H|4.0|I just started my collection of Metallica and this is the first CD I got.  It is awsome!  &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot; and &quot;Fade To Black&quot; are my favorite songs.  I also realy like &quot;Ride The  Lightning&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death&quot;.  However, I am not the  biggest fan of &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; and I can't stand  &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot;.  &quot;Fade To Black&quot; has the best  guitar sounds I have ever heard.  &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;is great  all around.  &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; has little in the way of a  steady beat and &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot; has bad lyrics and  generally a bad melody to put them in.  Those two are the only songs I  don't like.  I still recomend this CD to anyone who likes Metallica.  Its  one of the best.
0060922583|5.0|When I first read the basis of Talbot's hypothesis, I was very taken aback. But as I read more of his reasoning and research and how it all fits into a very probable scenario, it all started to make sense. It is a very  far reaching idea that actually makes it. Fantastic reading and very, very  thought provoking. Enjoy!!!
B000002I25|5.0|This first album by the Doors is generally considered their best album.  It lays out the best of their style; clear, differentiated instrumentation, and the primal, yet poetic delivery of great lyrics by Morrison.   Jim  Morrison is what Elvis could have been if he had listened to his own muse  and emotion instead of letting himself be shaped by image makers and  Hollywood.
0345389409|4.0|How many times and how long our loving blond-haired child of the night has been turning his face away from Him. And Him is not God, but Memnoch, the devil. How many times he had vituperated Him, cussing Him as his creator, a  child conceived by His evil. But now Memnoch comes to show us how daring  and convincing a demon can be and how all of us are trapped among our own  choices. Heaven or hell, that is the matter, and it is going to be Lestat's  inferno from now on. Nothing is going to be the same in this closing  chapter; insanity and reality both weave to reveal the most tangled web of  minds, and sewing this tale compounding a fierce story filled with shocking  religious connotations.      Religion is no longer a second-plane topic,  now it's becoming a story itself. Memnoch, not only exposes his reality,  but also takes us through journeys unknown and unfolds myth after myth to  convince Lestat to do His will as well as His most apprehensive wish.       Do not miss this one if you're looking for a tumultuous tale, maybe the  most detached of the whole concept regarding vampires, but always  effectively entertaining for Rice's diehard fans.
0440178002|5.0|I finished reading \\"Shogun\\" a few hours ago, and now feel compelled to say a few words not so much to future readers, but to the fraternity of past readers who've also been compelled to write a few words of their own.  \\"Shogun\\" is an awe-inspiring novel. Is it a work of literature? No. Is it  even well-written? Not particularly. Is it a devastating and beautiful  human document? Yes. Yes. And yes. \\"Shogun\\" will grip your mind and soul  like no other book. You will fall in love with the characters. You will  fall in love with Japan. And your mind will be expanded WAY BEYOND what you  thought possible. In some ways, I'm surprised I'm writing these words at  all; because I almost put the book down around page 400 due to too many  clumsy descriptions. But I hung in there. And boy am I glad I did. A word  of advice: you might want to jot down a few notes the first 200 pages, or  so. I got confused many times about each character's family and history.  But if you hang in there you'll be fine. I mentioned at the beginning I was  writing this review mainly for past readers. And that's because I want you  all to spread the word. Get as many friends as you can to read this book.  This poor world of ours is so insular and racist. And each culture is sure  it is the best one. Which is why we all need to take the time to explore  other cultures and see other perspectives. Whether we agree with them or  not. A little humility goes a long way. Anyhow, I'll get off my soap box  now. And say a warm sayonara to all fellow Shogunites. It was a privilege  reading this book.
B000000W5N|5.0|This record is by far the Stones' greatest achievement. Every song is so perfectly written and performed. Jagger's voice is as powerful and dominating as ever and Keith Richard's addictive guitar hooks are beyond  anything else rock music has to offer. Each song is unique and masterful in  it's own way and the album never drags for a second. Nobody can say they  don't enjoy this record because any Stones fan can easily realize that this  is their best work. Other than Exile on Main Street,I can't think of any  Stones album that delivers nearly as much power as Sticky Fingers.It takes  the cake as possibly the best rock record of all time.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I was a huge fan of Alanis until this CD. This CD is a waste of money and time. Evidently, Alanis earned enough money from the Jagged Little Pill that she can afford to record utter and complete babbling crap.<br />Every  track on the CD with the exception of Thank U sounds exactly the same.  Morose, shrieking, drug induced, psychotic, and sometimes comatose lyrical  nightmares. <br />I cannot fully express how much I hated this CD, but perhaps  the military can find a use for it in the  psychological warfare tactical  department.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This is my favorite Sabbath album after Paranoid. Hole In The Sky and Symptom of The Universe are masterpieces, and you usually can't get them in &quot;Greatest hits&quot; compilations. Highly Recommended.
B00000DGUG|1.0|Most expensive coaster I've ever purchased. <br />Extremely disappointed. Jagged Little Pill was wonderful - expressive, passionate, and moving. This CD, however, is mind-numbing, irritating, and worst of all boring. One  track Thank U held my attention, the others were just &quot;noise&quot;.  Has she been to India lately? If that's what she was trying to immitate,  perhaps she should have written lyrics for a talented Indian artist and  saved herself some embarressment. Thank goodness she sold enough copies of  Jagged Little Pill to have a comfortable existance -- this could only sell  to those who are truly &quot;Infatuation Junkies&quot; of Alanis.
0425107469|5.0|Einstein will steal your heart and open your mind. A smile from your dog will never be quite the same again.
B000009FJL|4.0|This album is worth the cost of admission for The Knife alone!  Begining with the tuneful, Looking for Someone and ending with the war time eppic, The Knife, Trespass is one of Genesis' best!  With Anthony Philips on  guitar, the band was developing their live act in the studio at this point.   This is the album where you first get to hear what the band has to offer  musically and lyically.  Note the beautiful orchestral embellishments Tony  Banks adds to the album, most notibly Stagnation and Visions of Angels.   This ablum is a must for any Genesis fan and worth a run thru if you are  one of the non-initiated!
0380789019|5.0|It's been eyars since I've read what might be called &quot;Fantasy&quot; fiction, and I'm still not sure why I picked up this book. But I'm glad I did. What a treat. Evocative writing, non-sterortypical characters, and a  strong plot with just enough twists to keep me completely off-balance. I  hope there is a sequel.
B000005J56|5.0|I think music can't get much better
B000002AV5|5.0|Without a doubt this CD is one of the best CDs I've ever heard.  With her irresistable, sweet voice, Sade has a soulful musical style that is second to none.  This CD is perfect for an imtimate evening with a special someone  with songs like &quot;No Ordinary Love&quot; and &quot;Cherish The  Day&quot;.  Also, perfect for passing the time on a rainy day are songs  like &quot;The Sweetest Taboo&quot; and &quot;Kiss of Life&quot;.  The only  down side to this CD is that it should have included other great songs like  &quot;I Couldn't Love You More&quot; and &quot;Maureen&quot;.  Nonetheless,  &quot;The Best of Sade&quot; is a wonderful addition to anyone's  collection.
0140430148|5.0|What a great book!  Not only is Wilkie Collins' masterpiece superbly written, it's also wonderfully fun to read.  The characters are well developed; I felt like I really new them by the end of the book and could  clearly picture them in my mind.  Best of all, the mystery keeps you  guessing throughout the story.  In short, a very well written (and whitty)  story that makes for extremely enjoyable reading.
0896760839|5.0|This book is excellent for showing exactly what the title suggests, the cut and construction of clothes. It is not a how-to book, but if you already know how to sew, this will tell you where the seams need to be. It  is also interesting to note how much piecing they did and exactly how  things were laced and where they were buttoned. I have found the book  focuses more heavily on the latter half of the dates, at or after 1600.  Despite the lack of information regarding undergarments, ruffs, and the  like, this book would be a valuable asset to any recreationist's library.
0515123447|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much that the minute I finished it I went looking for his newest novel &quot;Die Trying&quot;.  &quot;Killing Floor&quot; is packed with action &amp; suspense, with a great hero, Jack Reacher.  Don't  be taken by any harsh reviews.  Although outrageous in some spots with one  or two &quot;over the top&quot; coincidences, it's great entertainment all  the same.  A super read!  One minor criticism. The &quot;stacked&quot;  sentences (one very short sentence after the other) are a bit annoying.   Although effective in some parts, it gives you the feeling that, like  Grisham, Lee Child was asleep during most of 7th grade English.  But the  reader gets over that because the story is so good.  The plot is unique and  well thought through.  Incredibly entertaining.  Reacher is a wonderful  character, especially when read from the &quot;first person&quot;.  I  caught myself asking &quot;how did Mr. Child think of that?&quot;.  If you  like Grisham, you'll probably really enjoy this book.  Well Done!
B000002I2M|5.0|This album rulezz!!!!! A must have for any Doors' fan. Great songs are &quot;Riders on the storm&quot;, &quot;Hyacinth house&quot;, &quot;LA woman&quot; and &quot;Love her madly&quot;. The only which is not so good  is &quot;Wasp&quot; but doesn't matter, the album has unity. I recommend!
0385493622|5.0|If you appreciate the beauty of numbers then this book is for you.  Fermat's Enigma might make an interesting introductory class for young students of mathematics and number theory.
B000002IST|5.0|Genesis has produced another intimate look into the world's troubles and the human heart. Each song carries it's message or story with unique melodies that only Genesis could envision. The music itself could almost  relate the tales without lyrics. The songs become better with each  listening. It would be find hard to find many albums so personal.
0812550706|5.0|This was definatly one of the greatest books I have ever read. Card develops these characters suprising well. You cannot put this book down. You cannot stop reading. Everyone should read this book. Card's other  series on the other hand...
B000000WFU|5.0|I find this music soothes, relaxes and energizes! The voices are magnificient!
0812550757|5.0|I enjoyed this book just as much as I enjoyed Ender's Game, but don't even think of trying to read Speaker for the Dead if you haven't Ender's Game. The beginning of the book started out boring, but it was necessary for the  end to run as smoothly as it did. The end was great. It kept you thinking  and on you toes with unpredictable twists and emotional turns. It is a  great book and if you liked Ender's Game, stick with this book, it will be  one of the best you have ever written.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I am a huge fan of Alanis' first CD and this new one is a great evolution for her.  Different enough from Jagged, while still holding true to her style.  I can't imagine a true Alanis fan not enjoying this sophomore  effort.
B000001ESF|5.0|After reading the many comments on this CD, I am overwhelmed with the timelessness of this recording.  From the day the album hit the stores, Rush's &quot;2112&quot; has firmly established itself as my all time  favorite rock album (and I listen to everything from the Beatles to  Megadeth).  Will anyone ever match the depth, the precision, the emotion  behind this flawless effort?  I agree with another critic for this disc; If  I were only allowed one disc, this would be it.  This CD is must for any  rock fan.
B000005J56|5.0|I have not heard this style of music played since the fall of Cuba to Castro in 1959. The Spanish guitar with the lost Latin beat is a real treat. We took this CD Elk hunting, and we must have played it 30 times in  camp. It is haunting, and refreshing with a slight taste of the tropics and  a hint of the rumba and mambo.
B000002MU3|5.0|Could it ever get any better than this?  Simply, put Monster is unbelievable.  The sound they craft here is so incredibly original, creative, and powerful; R.E.M. creates an alternative neo-glam rock sound  that is like their earlier folk rock on speed.  The songs themself are so  simple, yet they are so complete and perfect that they will have you  singing and dancing in no time.  &quot;What's the Frequency Kenneth&quot;  is immediately likeable, as is the equaly catchy &quot;Star 69,&quot; while  songs like &quot;Crush With Eyeliner&quot; and &quot;You&quot; take some  getting used to.  I had always believed &quot;Fall on Me&quot; to be  R.E.M.'s best ballad, yet they really outdo themselves with &quot;Strange  Currencies&quot; and the magnificent &quot;Tongue.&quot;  Monster may turn  many long time fan's off, but it is truly exciting to see a band  drastically change their sound for one album.  However, if Monster isn't  your bag, R.E.M has put out two outstanding but completely different albums  since: New Adventures in Hi-Fi and Up.
B0000062GE|5.0|I first discovered Stabbing Westward with their Wither Blister Burn and Peel album which blew me away. Then I got Darkest Days which is an  unbelievable accomplishment for SW. They have their own sound and are  unique in so many ways. Chris Hall's lyrics grip you and fill you with  emotion. The strongest element of this band is the lyrics and of course the  raw energy that they unleash. This CD is a must have for any Stabbing  Westward fan or even if you're a fan of industrial/electronica or  alternative music.
B000003TBP|4.0|Beck is the king of innovative sampling.  There are so many weird sounds on this album (not to mention weird lyrics) that it's a wonder that it makes any sense at all.  Somehow, it does.<br />It would be easy to dismiss  this guy as just some kid obsessed with copping every sound snippet he can  find, and jumbling it all together like some strange tossed salad.  Add  some wacked-out, nonsensical lyrics (at least *I* can't figure out what the  heck he's talking about), and there you have it.  But that view would be  underestimating Beck's talent.  This is a pretty cool album.  I don't think  it's any sort of timeless classic, but it's great in its own warped  way.<br />Comparing him with Bob Dylan may be a stretch.  The only similarity  I can think of is that I couldn't figure out what the heck Dylan was  singing about half the time either.  Nevertheless, Beck is on to something  here.
B00000DHRX|4.0|I'm disappointed that the US version and the import version of this set differ.  I have to be honest here, the CD for me was worth every penny because I've been a fan for as long as I can remember and I don't have  Michael's early music on CD.  The new release of old hits has been a long  time in coming, but this US version is missing two key songs.  Waltz Away  Dreaming, which Michael wrote for his mom, and As, a duet with Mary J.  Blige.  Sorry folks, but if you want these, you'll have to buy the casette  (which makes me wonder why they'd include new tracks on a tape when it's  the 90's and CD's are now much more common), and/or the import version.  If  it weren't for this shortcoming, this CD would be worth the full 5 stars.
B00000DATR|4.0|I thought, \\"why do another TB?\\" But this is different, combining Mikes pop/rock talents with his progressive abilities. The ending is unbelievable.
B000002OR6|5.0|One of my all time favorites... Meat Loaf comes Directly from the Heart... He is the Greatest!!!!!
B00000DFSK|5.0|I would say that for all new fans of U2 since Achtung Baby or POP that don't have all of their first albums, it is a great chance to have all of their great music of the 80's on one CD. And for all the people who liked  hearing this songs on the radio, now is their chance.
0062502182|5.0|I read The Alchemist over a year ago at a point where I really needed some perspective.  This book gave it to me, and I've since recommended it to many friends.  <br />The message I got from this book is a spiritual one -  that only by finding what you love and what your passion is do you move in  line with the universe - according to the way things are destined to be.   If you don't see inside your heart/soul clearly, it's difficult to move  forward in line with the universe.  It's an inspirational way to look at  life and at the course we chart for ourselves over the years.<br />So again,  this book is fantastic - I encourage everyone to read it - whether you're  currently content or not.  It's a reminder of what matters.
1567184855|5.0|I have read many, many books on subjects of new age.  This is the first one I have read that talks about the &quot;Raw&quot; soul.  I have thought many times about how do I find the &quot;real&quot; me and if I could just  rid my self of all the &quot;Garbage&quot; I could be that person.  But it  appears that all the garbage is there for us to sort though in order to  learn the lessons we need to learn for this life period.  The part about  finding the flags for your soul paths journey for each life span is  excellent.  I have had those signs in order to find my soul mate (husband).    This is a very thought provoking book.  I have already recommended it to  a friend.
B00000DHTF|4.0|I've been a fan since Born To Run came out.  Like every other Bruce fan I was very excited to learn that this was finally going to see the light of day.  It's interesting when you have followed an artist's career to see the  incredible growth of the artist as a songwriter over the last 25 years.   And he certainly has experienced more growth that most of his  contemporaries.  <br />While I am greatful to finally listen to some wonderful  songs like The Wish, Shut Out The Lights, The Iceman, Brothers Under the  Bridge, an acoustic Born in the USA and Bruce's first demo's for Columbia  Records' John Hammond, I can't help but feel, after hearing just the first  two of the four discs, that there are more than a few weak songs here that  were better left in the vault.   I think the bottom line, for me anyway, is  that this would have made a stunning 2 cd set. Perhaps after hearing disc 3  &amp; 4 I will change my mind, but honestly, there's some real weak moments  on those first two discs (the second one in particular)that I think even  the bootleg buyers would pass over.  A stronger but shorter box set would  have made this a five star &quot;Bruce Event&quot;.
B000001G1E|5.0|5 stars is not enough for this monumental work!  This is one of those rare box sets that work for a novice or an expert James Brown fan ... in fact, this was the first JB CD I purchased.  Wow!!!  It changes the way you view  rhythm - in classic pieces like &quot;Sex Machine&quot; and &quot;Licking  Stick&quot; the rhythm actually becomes melody.  Saxes are percussion!  And  in the middle of it all is JB himself, probably the tighest bandleader  since Duke Ellington.  Just a hell of a lot of fun to listen to ...
0609603086|1.0|After reading some of the reviews posted on Amazon about this piece of drivel, I am shocked and amazed. Booklist has the nerve to call this &quot;skillful writing&quot;, and someone from Iceland says that Follett is  now &quot;on his way back to respectability&quot;. Incredible!! I read this  book with mounting horror, wondering just how bad it was going to get. It  kept getting worse! What is really insulting is the fact that obviously no  one at Crown Publisher's, Inc. read this book. They couldn't have! For  example, take the scene on page 371 - this is near the end of the book, but  I don't think it will give anything away to someone who has yet to read the  book. Judy walks up to Michael, who is holding Dusty by the hand: &quot;How  is he?&quot; Melanie asked. Well, obviously this should have read:  &quot;How is he?&quot; Judy asked.  Melanie isn't even in this scene!! But  this is not my biggest gripe, not by a long shot. The writing is  insulting!! Incredibly insulting. Instead of showing us the emotions of his  characters, Follett decides to just tell us instead: &quot;She hated  him,&quot; after giving us more than enough clues for the reader to figure  that out for himself. It is sad that someone can come up with a book as  good as &quot;Eye of the Needle&quot;, build a stunning career with others  such as &quot;Key to Rebecca&quot; and &quot;Pillars of the Earth&quot;,  then use his clout and past track record to con the reading public into  buying this book.
B0000026CM|4.0|I agree with an earlier review that this CD should have been more popular, but of course it wasn't adopted by MT, so no go. For all of you drummers out there Jeff Porcaro comes up with a few jewels on this one. Of major  interest is Mushanga, one of the most original drum beats in history.  Besides this, Pamela is a pop masterwork with craftsmanship generally not  seen since Steely Dan.
0393312836|5.0|I loved A Clockwork Orange the movie so I decided to read the novel.  The movie was much like the novel, filled with violence, rape, and more violence.  As a matter of fact, the only main difference between the novel  and the movie is the last chapter.        As a once troubled youth turned  good myself, I identify with the eighteen year old Alex of chapter 21 and I  truly feel that the last chapter is essential to the book.  People really  do just suddenly grow up as Alex does.  Thus chapter 21 of the novel is  what makes the book worthy of being dubbed as iconclastic.      I give A  Clockwork Orange my highest reviews and hope that anyone who loves great  literature will read what I consider is one of the greatest novels of the  twentieth century
0679428887|4.0|While Robert Harris performs remarkable task in bringing to life the despondency of a nation desperately trying to survive amid urban decay and civic apathy, he challenges a reader's patience while setting the scene for  the chilling chase and finale. Few details escape his keen eye as a writer  and, for this talent, he writes with a camera's clarity, right down to  every cemented crack and rusty rivet. However,he's best at describing the  all-pervasive odors, the stench of forsaken buildings, the stink of  unwashed bodies and the rot of a people abandoned by events over which they  have no control. Against this backdrop the plot seems incidental.
B000002U9P|5.0|This album was the follow-up to the million seller Private Dancer, and personally I like this one even more ! The album is great from start to finish. After &quot;Foreign Affair&quot; I think this is still the best  Tina Turner album released !
B00000DHRX|5.0|This is a wonderful compilation of the George Michael that I have followed since Wham! I love everything - the slow and the fast (especially the fast). I look forward to his next album (which he said shall be funky!!!)
B000005H55|5.0|Eric Dolphy was a genius.  In the league of Miles or Trane or Bird.  He may very well have been the most devote musician, practicing at one time a reported 20 hours a day!  Not only did he have complete comand of ALL his  instruments, he had a highly inovative and influential style on all of them  as well.  With his wide leeps from the bottom of his register to the very  highest altisimo and his amazing vocalized sound, he was really an  original.<br />&quot;Out To Lunch&quot; I feel to be his greatest recording.   Everything is just in the exact right spot at the right time.  The band is  incredable, especially Tony Williams who marvelously seems to float and  improvise the rhythms without ever really spelling them out.  And Freddie  Hubbard does some of his best solos, ever.  But it's Eric Dolphy who leads  the way.  His finest hour recorded on tape for us to listen to.  This is  just a beautiful recording, in every way.
B000001F45|5.0|This is probably the band's second best album next to &lt;I&gt;Demons and Wizards&lt;/I&gt;. Rain originally appeared on Ken Hensley's solo album &quot;Proud Words on a Dusty Shelf&quot;, but here David Byron makes a  wonderful interpretion. Echoes in the dark has a magic feeling similar to  Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;. Tales is another magical  song which reminds of The Wizard from &lt;I&gt;Demons and  Wizards&lt;/I&gt;. But the song that makes the strongest impression is the  opening track, Sunrise. It's a masterpiece!
1573226521|1.0|Garland may be young, and this may be a first novel, but even making for allowances it is impossible to see why this book has been so heavily and expensively hyped. There are some good moments, and some well-drawn  characters, especially early on, but as the book goes on (and, boy does it  go on...) it loses it's way so badly, and reverts to so many tired and  predictable devices, that all reading pleasure is simply gone. And, worst  of all, this book lectures and self-loves to a very irritating degree.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is album I feel was the best for Celine's voice. Her last album really didn't have the songs for her voice. This album is great because the songs are well written and her voice is used well.  A great album to hear  around the holidays!
0070511136|5.0|I began my sales career by applying manipulative tactics learned from sales literature focusing (unknowingly) on small sales and individuals' opinions.These methods simply did not work for larger sales, had no  concrete evidence to validate them and did not feel right. Unfortunately,  there are no sales degrees available at Universities today. This is as  close as one will get to a higher education in sales and sales mechanics.  Based on statistical data, obtained from years of research by  professionals( not retired sales reps retelling their own exploits), this  book will change your sales career for the better. I have embraced and  internalized this logical breakdown of  the successful sales call, and  suggest others do the same.
B00000DHRX|4.0|It's amazing to look back and realize how long George Michael has been around.  This album certainly took me back to times when singles were released.  Three new songs (technically two since &quot;I Can't Make You  Love Me&quot; was included in Older CD single) are great songs too.  Each  song's quality is absolutely awesome, but I couldn't help thinking that  this lacks quality as album as a whole.  All these singles reflect on his  great talent as a songwriter, so this is a great album to introduce George  Michael to others, but other than that, his individual albums (Faith,  Listen Without Prejudice Vol 1 and Older) exceed the quality of this album  easily.  I was personally disgusted when I heard edited &quot;Killer/Papa  Was a Rollin' Stone.&quot;  If you can't put the whole thing in the album,  just don't even include it in the album!
B000002IHU|5.0|All cogs of the Ratt 'n Roll machine are in perfect sync on this second full length offering. Crosby and DeMartini's guitar riffs and harmonies positively crush while Pearcy's vocals and lyrics are superb.  Don't forget  rhythm section extraordinares Blotzer (drums) and Croucier (bass).   &quot;Invasion of Your Privacy&quot; is a lesson in how to compose hooky,  yet credible glam rock.  The musicians may look like chicks, but they can  still churn out some sultry, sweat-inducing, street-smart rock. My  favorites include &quot;Lay It Down,&quot;  &quot;You Should Know By  Now,&quot; and &quot;Dangerous But Worth the Risk.&quot;- David Newman 1998
B000002GCT|4.0|This is the last Album Supertramp did before &quot;the Voice&quot; Roger Hodgson left to his solo career.  It's still kind of the old Supertramp sound but one misses the spirit of the early recordings. <br />&quot;It's  raining again&quot; is already an evergreen. <br />I wished Supertramp could  keep in that formation to give more of that refreshing sound.  The mixture  between Rock and soft ballads is what makes up Supertramp.<br />The followed  Album &quot;Brother where you bound&quot; lacks already 1/2 of the  Supertramp sound given by roger Hodgson (meaning the soft Ballads are  missing).
0440539811|5.0|Advice to anyone who wants to know anything at all about the Illuminati and other secret conspiracies to rule to world: read this book.Then you might have a slight handle on basic theories and the insane conplexities of  the five-fold Them.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I knew that something was in the works because it had been far too long since Bruce had released anything.  I've always been a big Springsteen fan and the music contained within this box set certainly remind me why.  I  particularly love the fact that so many of these tracks are previously  unreleased.  There is one song I was certain would be included but wasn't -  it's &quot;Missing&quot; from the movie &quot;The Crossing Guard&quot;.   It's never been released in the U.S. or International.  I actually hooked  up my stereo equipment to my TV/VCR and made my own copy.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Initially, I was disappointed in this new album.  It doesn't possess the immediate (for lack of a better word) catchiness of Jagged Little Pill.  However, I still find Morissette's work very engaging, due to her themes  and her complex lyrics.  What I really missed in Junkie was the clearly  defined emotions which Morissette communicated so well in Jagged Little  Pill.  Most of my initial attraction to her work was the fact that I could  easily identify with the emotions associated with each song. I do like the  neo-folk sound of &quot;UR&quot; and &quot;The Couch.&quot;
B000001GQP|4.0|It is amazing how long people have tried to find a better interpretation over the last 30 years,but were not able to succeed completely. There are still some parts that have not been better performed by anyone else. One  has only to think of Fischer-Dieskaus' visionary conception of these  medieval texts which refer to the fundamental characteristics ( and plight)  of human nature and condition. Jochum's conducting, on the other hand,  seems to be so freshly performed as if the music was just created. The only  disadvantage is that the recording is not so technically advanced as we  presently expect.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is a great CD my favorite is the song Pretty Fly for a white guy. I have the other Cd's and this one is going to be the best!
B00000DGUG|4.0|When Jagged Little Pill soared to its success it was mainly due to its powerful pop hooks and bitter sweet rock.  Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie will be critically successful because it is a daring and brave  adventure for Alanis.<br />    Alanis Nay-sayers will have a field day with  some of here non-melodic songs, but for true fans this will be a nice album  to have.  Given that Thank U is one of the best songs on the album, Alanis  hids some very neat hooks in some of her move dissonant songs, such as the  chorus of I'd Be Joining You.  Then there is the brilliant song Unsent that  could possible be a big hit for her.<br />    Gone this time from Alanis is a  bitter, I hate all males feeling that You Oughta Know gave.  Instead she  replaces it with a very intriguing look into her heart and her mind.  It is  a very intellectual album, it has some very strong writing and a great  vocal performance.  This album is far from a let down, but it is far from  the rock/pop masterpiece that Jagged Little Pill was.  I would definately  recommend it, but only to certain open minded music fands.  B+
0811821846|5.0|This book has some awesome pictures in it and some really great ideas for your next Star Wars dinner party. It is well written and the pages are covered to prevent kitchen spills spoiling them. It is a great book and one  I will be recommending to all my freinds.
0684847248|5.0|I'm prompted to write this quick review because only 3 have been posted at this point and I expected there'd be over 100 by now. What can I possibly say? After reading this book over 10 times, I realize that it has shaped  many of my thoughts and attitudes to life. It shook me out of a lassitude  that threatened to stunt my growth, and gave me a massive wake-up call,  much in the manner of having a bucket of cold water tipped on your head  first thing in the morning. But a bucket of cold, hard common sense! It  forced me to confront my own laziness, my habit of whining, of not taking  responsibility for my life. Am I a perfect person as a result? No, but what  a difference this book can make in your life. Quite literally, it can take  you as far as you're prepared to go. And it's taken me very far -- to the  point where I'm undertaking great burdens, making enormous sacrifices, and  enduring great pain. BUT ALSO ENORMOUS JOY. MORE JOY THAN I THOUGHT  POSSIBLE. yes, life is not easy, friends. and peck will drum that into your  head a million different ways. and he will give you a hint what the path is  all about. but ultimately it's a long, hard climb. but the view is  beautiful. and you WILL keep climbing if you keep plumbing the depths of  this book. and you will make sense of some of the craziness of this world,  and you will be a better human being for it. (also read harold kushner's  works). good luck.
B00000DGUG|5.0|First of all, I think Alanis has been misintepreted in several ways by certain critics; but then again who pays attention to critics?  &quot;I can't not afford to be misread one more time&quot; she sings on &quot;Can't  Not&quot;.  What we have here, ladies and gentleman, is a very clever, a  very insightful, a very sneaky (in a good way) woman who is entirely  conscious and knows what she is talking about.  It is not Alanis' fault  that Jagged Little Pill achieved the commercial status it did (although I  sure she doesn't mind) as it is not her fault that her songs were played so  much. It is because that the songs of her last album were so superfluously  played that people began yawning whenever she came on.  So, it is not her  fault that she was misintepreted: it was the way that she was accepted by  the media that shadowed her. Alanis is back with a vengeance.  JLP was just  'starting-out' for this artist, now, she is control of her work, she is  able to hold the tightrope of clever, poetic, at times cynical, and  intellectual lyrics and the polyrhythmic, paradoxical music.  The two work  amazingly well: hand in hand verse and music carry us through Alanis'  interior.  We see her heart, we see her soul, we see her spirit.  This has  to be one of the most autobiographical portrait of an album that I have  ever heard and it is so relieving to receive something so good among the  pile of trash that is coming out these days. I fear that she will not be  understood; some of her themes actually require thought and reflection and  observance: it seems that in the 9 to 5 of our society there will be no  time and she will be cast off.  But the truth is this: a woman who sings  from excerpts of 5 unsent letters to her ex-lovers, a woman who wants to be  loved even when she has &quot;numbed herself&quot;, a woman who admits that  she might've have been &quot;a hypocrite&quot;...a woman who chooses to  vacillate in an &quot;tinkerbell tendencies&quot; has a huge, big, warmplace in *this* heart of mine.
B000002MY3|5.0|This was one of the first CD's that I bought, and it is by far the best!  With great lyrics, powerful music, and a voice to back it all up, this is the greatest recording from an &quot;angst&quot; rocker that I've ever  heard!  Go Alanis!
B000002UAO|5.0|&quot;Rubber Soul&quot; is THE Beatles album.  &quot;Norweigen Wood&quot; took song writing to a brand new place, and John and the boys never looked back.  This 14 song UK version combines the contrived innocence of the  earlier albums with the venturing, acid expanding influence of their later  works.  This single album reminds us both of where we've been and where we  are about to go.  Hang on!!
B000005K8B|5.0|If you have a chance to check these guys out in concert, you won't be disappointed. I've listened to these guys for the past few years and I believe October Rust is their best album. I'm at the point know where I  have to take this music in doses because it affects my mental state way too  much - it's that intense. But, I love 'em. They are the best!
B00000AFGM|5.0|Very good, I have had ACS for a while but only really liked a few of the songs on it, but this album is diffrent, It has a Manson feel to it, but much better music. If you like rock/industrial/glam type music you should  like this. Best CD I've bought this year.
B00000DLVA|5.0|The Cardigans were a 60's sounding band, and Life really showed that. That album was fantastic from start to finish. Gran Turismo seems so much darker than they used to be, and that's not horrible. I believe that after this  album, they'll try to go back to those days of old with some happier  tunes.Still, the Cardigans are and always will be a fantastic band. This  may be a slight change, but I see no problem with experimentation.
B00000DLUV|5.0|After watching the HBO special and hearing the music, I've decided to buy the CD. The songs really touch you and I feel the &quot;brothers&quot; still love the music and their fans.                                 Lana  McClure
B00000DHTF|5.0|&quot;Tracks&quot; is the other shoe, and it has fianlly dropped.  Those of us that love Springsteen's music have always known that there was a wonderful library of unreleased songs.  This release proves it.  From the  John Hammond intro on Disc 1 to close with &quot;Brothers Under the  Bridge&quot; it is enjoyable music that compliments the pieces Bruce  actually released.  As he says in the lyric book intro &quot;this is a  different road to the same destination.  Jon Landau's comments on the  future of Rock-n-Roll have proved to be the most prophetic of any Rock  writer.  If Mr Landau or Mr Springsteen happen to read this, Thank you for  everything!!
B00000DHTF|3.0|I'm a big fan, but to me there weren't many new favorites to find here.  Most of the best songs are the already-released B-sides.  There are too many Go-Go's-sounding rockers, and ballads that can't redeem an embarassing  main idea.  All are too earnest to be enjoyed as throwaways, as with Dylan,  but instead come off as failed epics.  Having said all this, the singing is  great throughout.  And in addition to the B-sides, there are a bunch of  moving songs, especially on the last (90's) disc, and a handful of  remarkable and risky ones.  Anyway, Tom Joad made the future look bright.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is one of the, if not THE best albums ever composed. It is a must for everyone. Buy it and enjoy. I especialy recommend the last track. Praise be to Thom Yorke...Bye
B00000DGUG|3.0|I enjoyed this CD, but it's noticably less angry than &quot;Pill.&quot;  The thing that gave Alanis all her fame was the fact that she WAS angry, and no other artist really was, and her voice isn't complimented by these  new songs.  I admit, I liked the music, but it's not very different from a  lot of other albums out there.  I hope this Alanis isn't sticking around...
B000002UJQ|5.0|hell, which other album had this much power... alienation, screw the government, everything... from the beginning of the album to its end there is no way to ignore anything on this thing... yorke's voice is so  sorrowful, you have to listen to it.  if you don't get any other album,  this is the one to get.
0375403477|3.0|I am a Clancy fan and impatiently await each novels arrival in the bookstore window. Rainbow Six was my first Clancy novel on CD. I have been so enthralled with the novel via this medium that I have missed my exit on  the expressway twice this week. David Dukes commands each character with a  unique voice and compelling individuality via use of accents and  inflections. Listening to this book as given it a dimensionalilty I have  never experienced before. It is filled with the rich detail I seek in a  Clancy novel. No one else can narrate a bullets journey in slow motion from  barrel to head piercing and make me savour every moment.  I recommend the  novel, but for those of you fans who have never listened to one, I  recommend letting David Dukes be your first. I have actually begun to look  forward and enjoy my commute to work!
0786889284|1.0|Mr. Pearson's novels are headed in the wrong direction!  The last three have gotten progressively worse. His books have always suffered from poor dialog, but his first three novels featured unique plots and carefully  researched detail. His characters have become less believable, the  details  often don't ring true, and the dialog still is quite poor.  What's  happened?
B00000DHTF|3.0|While I waited with anticipation for this set, when I finally listened to it, I was disappointed.  While there are some curiosities, they don't hold a candle to the real albums.  I'll stick with my Darkness and River CDs!
B00000DGUG|4.0|So, AM just returned from a spiritual sojourn to 'Mother India' (what, she couldn't find a ghetto in the USA? She needed to go to India to realize that it's ok to have chunky thighs?) and she's metamorphed from AWC (angry  white chick) to BIBSHWC (bitter, introspective, but somewhat hopeful, white  chick) leaving only Fiona Apple and a few others to work the AWC angle.   The music on this ambitious 17-song CD (when you get 17 songs on a CD, you  realize that 99% of the other 'artists' out there are ripping us off) is  amazingly good...good enough for me to finally take the goddess Sarah  McLachlan off my CD player for now.  Quirky arrangements, world-beat  rhythms abound on this CD.  My only complaint---a little too much staccato  singing style and not enough gorgeous singing as in the song 'One'.  This  is a 'must buy' CD.
B000002C1W|5.0|Maybe it should have been a David Gilmour solo album (considering he wrote practically everything on it), but it still carries the ambience and feel of previous Floyd albums. &quot;Signs of Life&quot; is your typical Floyd  instrumental opener, but typical Floyd music isalways great in musical  quality. &quot;Learning to Fly,&quot; &quot;One Slip,&quot; &quot;On the  Turning Away,&quot; &quot;Yet Another Movie,&quot; and &quot;Sorrow&quot;  are a melange of excellent songs with great solos and an  open atmosphere  that really made me thought I was &quot;learning to fly.&quot; &quot;Dogs  of War&quot; is a militant and very aggressive spectacle that is filled  with a fuious sax and guitar solo...a concert spectacle. The instrumentals  &quot;Round and Round,&quot; and &quot;Terminal Frost&quot; also burst with  the talent of Pink Floyd. &quot;A New Machine Parts 1 and 2&quot; is very  daring in its relative simplicity. Surprisingly, it seems very much like  something that should be a classic Floyd piece. David Gilmour's guitar work  is as excellent and as passionate as ever, as is his singing. Nick Mason  and Rick Wright provide a good accompaniment along with the virtual rock  orchestra of drummers and keyboardists, and Tony Levin's bass is great as  always. This album is worth the money and while it may not have the  eerieness or darkness of previous Floyd albums, remember the neurotic if  talented Roger Waters is no longer on board. This is still a great Floyd  album. Definitely one of their best.
B00000DGUG|4.0|Morissette's new sophomore offering (actually her fourth full-length recording) flirts with spiritualism while retaining the unbridled passion of Jagged Little Pill. The album as a whole is an impressive agglomeration,  but don't expect five huge radio releases. Most reminiscent of Pill songs  are &quot;Thank U,&quot;&quot;UR,&quot; and &quot;The Front Row,&quot; all  of which will likely be played to death. Darker tunes like &quot;The  Couch&quot; are truly noteworthy, but the second half of the album is  generally inferior to the first. Album sales may top out at around five or  six million, but not until those nervous execs at Maverick shove this one  down your throat.
B000002C1X|5.0|The reasons I like this album are the same as the reasons I hate it. It bursts with musical talent and quality, and a lyrical relevancy to some (not all) of the subjects explored. At first the reason I liked &quot;The  Wall&quot; was because of the story behind it. Blending the biographies of  Roger Waters with original Floyd frontman Syd Barrett was an original and  impressive stroke. At the same time, the story is no different from other  rock operas of the time. The character of Pink Floyd is a neurotic guy who  had too much childhood anguish, too much fame, too much sex and drugs, and  he turns it into fascist violence that only gets glorified by the audience  who don't see it as the  lavish show that it's supposed to be, but rather  as a literal translation of hammering the dregs of society...i.e.  &quot;Waiting for the Worms.&quot; Not to say the album is bad.  &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part 1&quot; is simple, yet impressive.  David Gilmour's echoing guitar sound amazing, and the lyrics, while simple,  are very thought-provoking. &quot;Another Brick in the Wall Part 2&quot; is  classic, and the ending solo is probably Gilmour's best yet.  &quot;Comfortably Numb,&quot; &quot;Hey You,&quot; &quot;Young Lust,&quot;  &quot;Goodbye Blue Sky,&quot; and especially &quot;Run Like Hell&quot; are  the finest tracks on the album. &quot;The Wall&quot; was a very chancy and  personal endeavor for Roger Waters, but while it proved successful  commercially, and is full of musical excellence, I think that it's about  time Roger Waters stop bitching about everything. It may provide him with  good musical ideas, but how many different ways can you make subtle hate  rock? Either way, get the album for the music. The lyrics are clever  sometimes, but overall it's all for the music.
B00000273P|5.0|This is perhaps the most perfect pop album ever made. Seriously. Paddy MacAloon, though critically acclaimed as one of musics most accomplished songwriters and pop stylists, still remains in a commercial twilight zone.  Each release since the american debut of 'Two Wheels Good' has gotten  better. More polished. Sometimes taking more chances (mainly with 'Swoon'),  but always delivering pure pop gold. 'Jordan...' is a long, gorgeous  symphony, somehow combining the triple theme of Elvis Presley/Jesse  James/the archangel Michael into 19 glorious songs. Yes, you will get your  money's worth...and you'll still want more.
B000002A3T|4.0|This album is probably the first and best indication of Pink Floyd's transition from cult status to rock stardom. &quot;Echoes&quot; is a song that should be considered as classic as &quot;Shine On...&quot; and  &quot;Wish You Were Here.&quot; It is a great composition. &quot;One of  These Days&quot; is a very eerie and very Floydian song is kickin' live  (i.e. &quot;Delicate Sound of Thunder&quot;). The album is kinda disjointed  in that it seems comprised of frankly bad acoustic blues rock. Yet somehow  this adds to the strange atmosphere of the album and makes it very  listenable. Not their best, but is worth a listen.
0345350472|2.0|I don't understand how so many people loved this book. The story is weak. There are some interesting ideas thrown around, but their development is just so-so. What I *did* like about the book, is that the background of the  story gives you a lot of insights on the movie, which easily outclasses  this book. So, the movie becomes much more enjoyable, but, if not for that,  I'd have considered it a waste of time.
B000002A3T|5.0|Good instrumentals with good blues and acoustic rock. &quot;Take It Back&quot; sound a lot like a U2 song, but that doesn't mean it's not a good song. &quot;High Hopes&quot; is the real gem on the album. An  excellent song with a wide open feel that is accentuated by the tolling of  the bell in the background. &quot;What Do You Want From Me&quot; is a good  bluesy song that is trademark David Gilmour. Every song is meticulously  crafted into what is one of Floyd's best albums. Prof. Stephen Hawking's  appearance on &quot;Keep Talking&quot; is a very interesting addition.  Either way, this album is definitely worth a listen.
0440178002|5.0|This book gives a very accurate depiction of Feudal Japan and the Japanese people. The fact that it is so culturally accurate makes it interesting to follow the several subplots. Definately worth the time.
B000002HRE|5.0|This album show's that Metallica has more talent than what most people will give them.  Sure at first I was a little sadden when I heard Load and heard that they slowed down, but I got over it and found that both Load and  ReLoad are excellent cd's.  Both albums show that no matter how much music  changes, Metallica will always be there to get us through the crappy techo  sounds that I hear everyday on the radio.  I am one of those fans that are  sick of hearing about how Metallica &quot;sold out&quot;.  If you believe  that, you shouldn't be listening to Metallica in the first place.  Because  if you knew your Metallica, you would know that they would sell out to  anyone.  And what about Megadeth, their new album Cryptic Writings to me  sounded alot like Load.  They slowed down since Youthanasia, but no one  said they sold out, in fact they got a Grammy nomination for Use The Man.   The world of metal is changing, and it shows by the two remaining metal  bands, Metallica and Megadeth.  So get over your ideas that Metallica has  left their old fans and come to see that ReLoad and Load are awsome.
0553328255|5.0|Everyone who's ever muttered &quot;Elementary, my dear Watson&quot; (which, by the way, Holmes never actually says in so many words) should buy this extremely well-priced edition and read it through.  It's not only  jolly fun, but enlightening:  the Hollywood stereotype of Holmes and Watson  is a gross caricature of Conan Doyle's characters.  Watson is an average  man with an average intelligence, and the point of his being there is to  serve as a foil for Holmes' vastly superior intellect;  if he's depicted as  a fool, the point is lost.  Likewise, Holmes and Watson are about the same  age and grow old together, whereas in the movies Watson often looks like  Holmes' grandfather.  And as for the usual film plots -- forget it;  Conan  Doyle came up with far more ingenious, fiendishly difficult mysteries than  the scriptwriters ever conceived, and solved them far more plausibly.   These stories are true classics, and should be on everyone's list of  must-reads.
B000002BSG|5.0|I've been a big fan of Jamiroquai ever since I heard them in Italy in '92. They are just brilliant borrowing 70's grooves and pushing the retro into the present and the future. Their music is full of good energy and fans  will note how every album has a different conceptual theme and style.  &quot;Travelling Without Moving&quot; is in some ways their most  commercially accessable album without taking away any of the uniqueness  from the band's music. Every song makes me want to get up and groove and as  the title suggest I can go travelling without leaving the bedroom. For  those who have or can get this cd with the bonus track  (which I absolutely  love!) I would say that it may be a clue for the next album's  &quot;theme&quot; , especially with the strong electronica/jungle  influence. Overall this album is a brilliant funky  good time!
B000001GPX|5.0|If you are looking for two of Beethovens greatest works on compact disc, then here is your #1 choice. The remastering and performances are first rate. I disagree with a comment from the Amazon review above. This version  of the Seventh is very, &quot;gripping&quot;. Its vitality and strength are  exhilarating. <br />      I highly recommend this CD.
B000002KN8|3.0|It's weird to listen to Depeche Mode's music before Martin Gore started writing. It's not a bad album. Has some good upbeat dance tunes, and it certainly was a good prequel to what I consider to be real Depeche Mode  music...goth mood synth. Anyway, the album is worth a listen. No track  stood out to me except &quot;Photographic.&quot; Give it a shot, but don't  expect to be blown away.
B0000004V2|5.0|I think Fools Gold might be the finest few minutes of music there is. I don't toke up, but if I did, I would hit repeat on the CD player and float away...or something like that.
B00000DFSK|3.0|There is one great song missing from here.  'Stay from the Zooropa album. What a mistake. All the rest of the songs are played out.
B00000DC4A|5.0|While it hasonly been two years since Bryan released &quot;18 'til I Die&quot;, and last year's &quot;Unplugged&quot; was very satisfying, it feels like it's been awhile since Bryan released an album.  &quot;On a Day  Like Today&quot; is terrific!  It rocks more than his ballad-heavy airplay  would lead new fans to expect.  The songs have great melodies, the  instrumentation is well-balanced, and the production is very modern &amp;  fresh.  The order of the songs is excellent and the album flows very well.   &quot;Before the Night is Over&quot; is reminiscent of the  &quot;Reckless&quot; days, and &quot;When You're Gone&quot; is very catchy.   Don't hold the very-mediocre &quot;18 'til I Die&quot; against Bryan- he  still has a lot to offer his long-time fans and new fans alike.
B000002U82|5.0|You can not say the name Pink Floyd and not think of &quot;Dark Side of the Moon.&quot; This album broke the band out of obscurity and cult status without becoming mainstream. You can listen to this album and still imagine  it being produced today, let alone twenty or so years ago. &quot;Great Gig  in the Sky&quot; is just hypnotic and beautiful. &quot;Time,&quot;  &quot;Money,&quot; &quot;Us and Them,&quot; and &quot;Breathe,&quot; are  classic song, but the entire album pulsates with an energy that is echoed  only by that opening and closing heartbeat. Alan Parsons' production is  incredibly precise and the musicianship is amazing. Quite simply an  incredible album.
B00000DGUG|5.0|After listening to the new CD for a couple days, I have to say that I am extremely impressed with it. At first, I didn't find it as appealing as Jagged Little Pill, but the songs really grow on you. As for musicality, I  don't think you can disagree with the fact that this is a definite step up  from her last album. And just because it isn't catchy at first or that  radio stations may not pick the songs up as quickly as the last album  doesn't mean it's worse. In fact, I'm glad that she didn't simply release a  'commercial' album: she produced art, and for that, I have a lot of respect  for her.
B000002MJC|4.0|Who would've thought Depeche Mode could turn around from goth synthpop to grunge? It works surprisingly well. &quot;I Feel You,&quot; &quot;Rush,&quot; &quot;In Your Room,&quot; and &quot;Walking in my  Shoes&quot; are a lot more guitar-driven than anything they did in the  past, and yet it still retains that Depeche sound. &quot;Condemnation&quot;  is a little too gospel-y for my taste, but while the album may not be  &quot;Violator-part 2&quot; so to speak, it is still an excellent  turnaround for Depeche Mode. A good album, but I don't see the use of  releasing a live companion. Marketability I guess.
B00000DLV1|5.0|i have never heard a better live album in my life.  steadily, portishead has become the most incredible band of the 90s.  their sound is ELECTRIFYING and MESMERIZING at the same time.  the sound quality of this  album is incredible, not like other cheesy live recordings.  i would have  given my soul to be at this concert in roseland, nyc.  ANY PORTISHEAD,  TRICKY, HOOVERPHONIC, LAMB, MASSIVE ATTACK fan has to own this album.   i  would have given it 10 STARS but the limit is five.  i would recommend the  remixed version of sour times.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Okay so there are only four songs on the album, but let's face it...&quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; had the same amount and look at how successful it still is. &quot;Animals&quot; is an ambitious and original  album. &quot;Dogs&quot; is a good piece that flows very well (just like  most prog-rock symphony-length songs). The use of an actual dog for vocals  during the middle (while Floyd did that in &quot;Meddle&quot;) actually  adds to the atmosphere of the song. &quot;Pigs (Three Different Ones)&quot;  is the best song on the album. Listen to it and you'll understand what I  mean. It's just a classic song. &quot;Sheep&quot; is debatable. It's not as  memorable as the previous song, but it has its moments of musical quality.  The opening and closing &quot;Pigs on the Wing&quot; is yet another example  of Floyd's penchant for beginning and ending an album with the same sound  (i.e. the heartbeat in &quot;Dark Side of the Moon,&quot; the &quot;Outside  the Wall&quot; riff from &quot;The Wall,&quot; and the whole idea of  &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; ending with &quot;Shine On...&quot;).  Overall, the album is an interesting listen, and is classic Floyd. The tour  was kinda stinky since that as when Roger Waters started to lose it with the  audience, but...anyway...give it a listen.
0688156819|5.0|I was thoroughly delighted with this book.  I am a hard-core aficionado of everything Burton.  This book was enchanting in the typically odd, Burton way.  I cannot vouch for those who are not Burton fans, but for those who  are, &quot;YOU NEED THIS BOOK.&quot;  I also recommend for those who enjoy  this book, read the comic book &quot;Lenore&quot;.  Anyway, three cheers  for Tim!!!
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album has some great songs like ONE,WOULD NOT COME,BABA,THE COUCH. But her problem is that some songs are too wordly and unlistenable.Her new album also lacks of ferocious song like YOU OUGHTA KNOW which make her  distinct from other female rock singer.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I RUSHED RIGHT OUT LAST NIGHT TO PICK UP THIS BOX SET.  AFTER 4+ HOURS OF LISTENING, IM AMAZED AT THE QUALITY OF THESE 77 TRACKS.  DISC 2 CAUGHT MY ATTENTION THE MOST.  THESE TRACKS, MAINLY RECORDED BETWEEN  &quot;NEBRASKA&quot; AND &quot;BORN IN THE USA&quot; SHOW THE TIGHTNESS OF  THE BAND, AND THE VITALITY OF THE SONGS THAT STILL RING TRUE SOME 15 YEARS  LATER.  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR, AND TREAT YOURSELF TO THIS INCREDIBLE  COLLECTION.
B00000DHTF|5.0|The title &quot;Tracks&quot; refers not only to the songs on this set being unreleased tracks, but it becomes plain as I listen to the album that it follows the tracks Springsteen made in music and in his development as  an artist. The discs are divided into four stages of his career, each one  distinct from the other, but still maintaining the common threads that  drive the narrative in each song. Ok, ok..enough analyzing: The set is  inspriring, incredible, and gives the &quot;Live 75-85&quot; album a run  for its money as the best Bruce collection. Ok, I'm off to be where the  bands are...
B000002AZ8|5.0|I always thought Vs. or Ten was their best, but after being able to listen to Vitalogy and digest it, I now consider it their greatest work.  Some of their best songs are on this album.
0684800713|3.0|I really enjoy Hemingway's writing style, and especially Old Man and the Sea, but this book, like The Green Hills of Africa really has no direction.  Most of the book is spent eating and drinking in this cafe and that during  a seven day fiesta in Spain, but at the conclusion, I thought &quot;what  was the point?&quot;  Good desriptive, easy to read prose, but if there was  a significant plot, it was lost on me.
B000001FA4|5.0|&quot;Unforgettable fire&quot;, the song, and the alubum, take rock to a new level.
B000003TAW|5.0|Back in 1995, I had to force myself to take this cd out of my cd player after I had listened to nothing else for about a year. I realized I had grown an addict. But taking the needle out of the vein didnt help. I know  that weezers not everybodys taste although I dont actually understand  why that is. I just cant imagine how you could die happily and in ease  without having listened to this cd. &quot;Only in dreams&quot; is the first  and only song to which I experienced something like an &quot;acoustical  orgasm&quot;. &quot;Say it aint so&quot; will alter your mind. &quot;Buddy  Holly&quot;s by far the cds worst song but it would be by far the best if  you put it on any other cd you know. If you feel the same about weezer  check out the german bands Samba and  Dernameistsolangdenkannsichehkeinschweinmerken (actual name).
B00000DHTF|5.0|I can't believe Bruce left some of these tunes off his albums. There is great stuff in here. Santa Ana is a favorite, and much more. Welll worth the time and money.
0671867369|5.0|One of the best history books ever. It does tell the WW2 story from the viewpoint of the soldiers (not the generals). It also makes you feel like being in the Horrors of war. When reading the part about market garden the  liberation of Son and Eindhoven I had tears in my eyes. (I live there). I  owe my freedom to those people and their sacrifices. If any veteran from  WW2 is reading this Thank you very very much!!
B00000DHTF|5.0|Years ago a certain writer refered to Bruce Springsteen as Rock &amp; Roll Future. In 1998 and going into the 21st century it seems like good old fashioned rock and roll is on its way out. But don't give up yet. This box  set just released is proof that rock &amp; roll can survive the test of  time.<br />Except for some of the 90s tracks on TRACKS, Springsteen's box set  is a relief. From previously unreleased tracks such as Santa Ana and  Thundercrack  to Ricky Wants a Man of Her Own and alternate versions of  hits such as Born in the USA, fans of the Boss as well as those of pure  rock and roll will be more than satisfied.<br />A great way to listen to these  songs is to try to recognize which songs might have been recorded during  the sessions for each of his albums. For example, you can tell that  Restless Nights might have been recorded during the River sessions just by  the musical arrangement as well as Shut Out the Light which might have made  it onto Nebraska.<br />Though his recent releases were fraught with deep  emotional lyrics and were truly revolutionary, the sound was not that  great. But this set is great. And, even though it is focused on old tracks  from his 25 year recording career (some feel that he is no longer committed  to this traditional style),it shows that Bruce has not forgotten his roots  and appears to still be committed to giving the fans what they want while  also exploring alternate music genres and writing music that reflects who  he has been, who he is and who he wants to be.<br />Look for more great work  from the Boss in the new future.
B000007NYS|5.0|One of the greatest folk albums ever made.  It will rock your world
0671015206|5.0|This book changed my life and made me understand what's necessary to achieve certain results for which I hoped(being a millionaire). Modern America and its high consumption lifestyle is explained and the results of  a frugal lifestyle and the results which can be obtained.
B000002ULO|5.0|I waited a long time to review this CD, because I thought it was so good when it was first released. On first and many subsequent listens I felt this was Paul's best album, better even than &quot;Tug of War.&quot;  But I  wasn't sure &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; would stand up over time for me the way  T of W has.  So I waited to see..... And &quot;Flaming Pie&quot; has  settled inside me a like a glass of fine wine, imbuing me with warmth. To  say I love this album is to understate my feelings. If Macca had never  recorded anything else, this CD would stay in my heart forever.
6303394000|4.0|One of the few truly auto-biographical commerical U.S. films ever made, what is so deeply affecting about &quot;All That Jazz&quot; is how ruthless Fosse is, to his characters and his actors and, most of all, himself.  The  finale to which Maltin refers above is notable for its distasteful feeling,  which wouldn't be forgiveable except that it's Fosse's statement about  himself- and in that way it's remarkable.  Few filmmakers outside Woody  Allen have ever been so revealing, or so caustic.  For a completely  informed viewing of &quot;All That Jazz&quot;, watch Fosse's  &quot;Lenny&quot; and read &quot;All His Jazz:  The Life and Death of Bob  Fosse&quot; by Martin Gottfried.
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is a definite Christmas season must have.  Beautiful songs and beautifully sung.  O Holy Night and Ave Maria are incredibly moving. The whole CD is fabulous!
6300214753|4.0|I always thought the middle ofthe movie lagged too, but when I watched it recently I found it rather innocent and sweet.  John Hughes (Sixteen Candles, Pretty in Pink, Breakfast Club) never eclipsed the high he  established in &quot;Ferris&quot;.  Will somebody please release finally  release the soundtrack?!!?!!
B00000DGUG|4.0|At first, Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie was a dissapointment. It lacked the clear-cut melodies and brutal simplicity of Morissette's first album, and seemed too strange to be a worthy replacement. However, after  several listening sessions in which I edited out the few and annoying  tuneless, wordy tracks, I discovered an album which is dark, tempestuous,  and quite compelling. The expected Indian influence has been implemented in  a surprisingly original fashion, and adds rather than detracts from the  album's texture and feel.  Morissette has outdone herself in the lyrical  department, though she tends to vastly exaggarate the length of her musical  contemplations. This problem manifests itself particularly on songs which,  for some reason, are devoid of all structure, except for an uninspired,  repetitive melody.  All in all, Junkie is a worthwhile album, powerful and  thought-provoking, with a number of truly memorable tunes thrown in. Just  be sure to skip the artists's musical speeches, and you're sure to have a  good time.
6304068441|5.0|This film presents the human sides of a murder, its effects and the condemnation to death of a prison inmate.  It's a harrowing look at the death penalty, one which retains clarity by focusing on the people instead  of the issues...  which is not to say this is an unemotional movie, just  that it's objective.  Penn and Sarandon are amazing.  Rarely do movie stars  transcend their celebrity as the two do here.
B000002H97|5.0|I think this CD rocked! I absolutly love METALLICA and I think this was their best album so far. It has so many great songs on it, the lyrics are so awesome they just make you think about stuff. I especially liked Nothing  Else Matters, next to Fade to Black that is my favorite Metallic song.
6300247120|3.0|The relationships, and the integrity with which they're treated, are exceptional; of note are the protagonist's parents, who are actually treated like human beings!  The film also has a &quot;Rocky&quot;-like arc  and climax, so it's quite pleasing- but not heavy-handed, fortunately.
B00000DGUG|1.0|No doubt many of her fans will rave about the stupendous music here.  Fame tends to cause fame.  But I found that listening to this album was nearly impossible.  The lyrics are irritating and the music is just plain  ordinary. There's a big difference between singing about pain, as in the  blues, and singing in a way that causes pain, as in this album.  Sure,  &quot;Thank You&quot; is a pleasant song.  That makes 1 out of 17.  One  star is generous.  I think I wasted my money.
0790738074|5.0|Terrific piece of Americana, enhanced by Preston's bravado and Wilson's witty script and score.  Comic touches abound, and the film's resolution actually has a bit of zing!  One of two films guaranteed to bring me to  tears, time and time again.  Who wouldn't want to be Harold Hill?
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine Dion is excelent singer and performer with an extremely powerful voice.  I love her lyrics and the emotion and passion she gives them.  I love you Celine!
0783226691|1.0|Willis preens around in various disguises making sure he doesn't smile, Gere gets to try out his Irish accent.  Mean-spirited, uninteresting and a complete waste of time.  Get the original instead.
B00000DLUV|3.0|This &quot;in concert&quot; recording from the Vegas  show in 97 makes a great purchase for the  new or casual Gibb fan. This HDCD is essentially a live greatest hits package. It offers great sound but very little of their  newer material  is represented, save for &quot;Alone&quot; and Maurice's  laconic &quot;Closer Than Close&quot;. Also somewhat annoying is the  obvious use of &quot;pre-recorded&quot; backing vocals on some songs which  undermines the purpose of a live recording. That said, some very enjoyable  moments are here. The full length version of &quot;Islands In the  Stream&quot;  bests the Rogers/Parton version, a reworking of the Streisand  hit Guilty works too.  Barry's duet with late Brother Andy's pre-recorded  track ala Nat and Natalie Cole, on &quot;Don't Throw it All Away&quot; is  touching...the technique is repeated with Frankie Valli on Grease. And for  all the time they spent trying to distance themselves from disco and  &quot;Saturday Night Fever&quot;...all those songs are here. 78 minutes of  great pop music...but the inclusion of some older rarities or new material  would have made this a much more attractive set to the die hard fans out  there..
B000002V0Q|5.0|Seems like these days music is considered Satanic or obscene if it contains a civic message.  All of Megadeth's music constains messages about society, government, religion, war, etc.  Powerful tunes like Symphony of  Destruction, Skin O' My Teeth, Sweating Bullets and Captive Honour paint a  picture of the dark side of society as whole that most people never want to  see.  I've met Megadeth before and in casual conversation, each of them  show an intelligence and keen wit not found in many bands of their era.
B000002G1Y|5.0|One of my favorite CDs of all time. I can listen to it again and again (and I had never listened to John Hiatt before). Buffalo River Home pulled me in, and I slowly grew to love every song on the album. Highly  recommended
B000001F3C|4.0|One of U2's better alblums, and War certainly had its fair share of radio airplay.  However if you're really looking for strong political rock I'd strongly recommend Billy Bragg (any), The Clash (thru Sandinista!) or the  brasher, early U2 Irish predecessor band Stiff Little Fingers (Hanx!) prior  to picking up U2.
B0000025HU|5.0|From the first song to the last, the best rock and roll album I have ever owned. For close to the last twenty years, I have listened to this album several times a year and just marvelled at how great it is - always fresh  and interesting - always something new to learn.  Every so often, an artist  (or artists) gets something so right, its seems accidental - better even  than the artist imagined it could be.  I often wonder what the group felt  like when they cut the last track back in '79 - did they have any idea that  they had created something this good, that would stand up so well for so  long?<br />If you buy one rock and roll album in your whole life, this is the  one to buy.
0399143904|3.0|For some reaon I feel compelled to add my voice to the resounding call of disappointment found in the preceding reviews.  I have loved Clancy's work from the start.  However, this lengthy novel seems contrived at best.  I  got the impression that Clancy has run out of new ideas (using biological  warfare a second time in as many books) and character development.  Given  the choice, I'd rather re-read &quot;Wtihout Remorse&quot;.
B000000QG8|5.0|In the late 60's and early 70's, rock was ruled by the guitar gods.  Clapton with his smooth licks and easy control.  Hendrix with his brash individual style.  And Page with his ever adventurous spirit.  I had the  privilege to see them all.  Clapton in a tasty but rare appearance with  Derek and the Dominoes.  Hendrix in two inconsistent sets that flashed  brilliance and boredom.  And Page in an arena-sized homage to self  indulgence.<br />Then there was Rory.  Eschewing the wall of amplifiers and  the &quot;wish-to-kill sound&quot;, Gallagher stripped his set to the bare  minimum.  Small amps, small drum set, and a beat-up old Stratocaster.   While the guitar gods brought their large amp banks and egos to match,  Gallagher brought his &quot;nice-guy&quot; persona and determined work  ethic.  Always the gentleman, always the humble showman, Gallagher always  put the audience first.  And he always delivered a great show!<br />Clapton  had his taste.  Hendrix had his sexuality.  Page had his trips to tonal  nirvana.  But nobody, NOBODY, could boogie like Rory!  In the 70's, I saw  Rory four or five times. Every time I left the concert with a big smile on  my face.<br />IRISH TOUR `74 is proof positive of Rory's talents as a  guitarist and a showman.  The album displays Rory's &quot;let's have a  party&quot; spirit with a band as tight as you'll ever hear.  From Cradle  Rock to Walk on Hot Coals, Rory will have you up and dancing around the  room from the first note. Because it has some of the best blues-boogie  music from the era, IRISH TOUR `74 is one of the best live albums of the  70's.<br />Rory, you gave us your best here below.  Now, boogie with the  angels.
0380973634|5.0|Neil Gaiman is one of my favorite authors of all time and I was relieved to discover that his talents extend far beyond comics.  Neverwhere is somewhat &quot;Sandman-ish&quot;, but there's something new and different  about this dark, offbeat story that you won't find in the Sandman.   Gaiman's narrative is positively some of the best I've read, and it  genuinely frustrated me to have to put the book down.  Great  stuff.<br />Granted, the book doesn't measure up to the quality, wit, or  poignancy of &quot;Good Omens,&quot; but Neverwhere is a whole different  animal altogether.  I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to any other  book-lover.  It's imaginative, artistic, visual, and very intelligent.   Yes, there were predictable moments, but never annoyingly so.  All in all,  it was a great book that I do look forward to reading again.
B000001Y2U|4.0|The beautiful people is probably the best song on here, but cryptorchid, dried up tied and dead to the world, and man that you fear just suck. On the other hand, 1996 and antichrist superstar are very good. irresponsible  hate anthem is one of the other good ones. so, for the most part, this is a  very good cd, but, don't count on the whole thing being your dream come  true
B000002BFZ|5.0|No Code is a diamond in the rough in this era of trendy pop rock.  The content will perhaps take a few listens to completely sink in, but it is worth it.  Songs like &quot;Hail, Hail&quot; get your adrenaline flowing  while &quot;In My Tree&quot; and &quot;Off He Goes&quot; let you down easy.   This band is to the 90's what Pink Floyd was to previous decades, and they  really deserve a hand on this recording.  Good Job guys!
B00000DHTF|5.0|I have been a Springsteen fan for 20 yrs and in hearing this great CD set I am brought back to why I love Springsteen's music..Its all in the lyrics.From 1972 to present time I am never dissapointed.Sometimes B sides  are worthy of an album too.I havent heard alot of these songs since  concerts.A must have for those who love Bruce
B00000AFFF|5.0|I have to discipline myself not to listen to it more than twice a day.  Could it be harmful?  Maybe, but its the sweetest punch.
B000002AGY|5.0|I have this on the original vinyl version, so I haven't heard the bonus tracks, and really I can do without everything here but Concierto itself, which is plenty long, I'd guess 20 or so minutes. It's beautiful, you need  it. It's burned into my brain forever. So lyrical, haunting. Program your  cd player to play it over and over, you'll be glad you did.
B00000AFGM|5.0|this is a very good album, not as good as portrait of an american family, but good, dope show is fantastic, and the others are good too, speed of pain sucks in the beginning, but it gets better, so, if you like manson  before, get this album, it may be different, but it's good
B00000DGUG|4.0|I found out this much: many women I've talked to don't like Alanis.  She's too whiny, they say. But many grown men don't seem to mind this.  Is Alanis what every guy wants his ex-girlfriends/future girlfriends to be remembered  as?  <br />With lyrics like, &quot;dear matthew i like you a lot i realize  you're in a relationship with someone right now and i respect that/i would  like you to know that if you're ever single in the future and you want to  come visit me in california i would be open to spending time with you and  find out how old you were when you wrote your first song,&quot; how would  that NOT tug at today's Sensitive Man's heartstrings?  <br />Sigh.<br />Ms  Morissette wisely stayed away from the soaring peaks and mediocre valleys  that characterized her debut.  This is a near-awesome  stream-of-consciousness effort that both men and women can ultimately  relate to, imho.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Throughout Bruce Springsteen's recording career there have always been hidden gems that were only released as B-sides or never at all. They slipped out to fans via concerts or poorly recorded bootlegs. But we knew  they were there. Finally, he has released these gems. For fans, it is a  marvelous ride through a brilliant recording career. While some notable  recordings are missing (the previously aforementioned Live Incident on 57th  Street, The Big Payback, Protection, Endless Night), fans can now take  heart that most of his archival material has been released. This set is  extremely satisfying and includes personal favorites Be True, Rendezvous,  Frankie, Man at the Top. Hidden gems include Rockaway the Days, Ricky Wants  a Man of Her Own, Car Wash, Sad Eyes and Gave it a Name. This is a must for  any Springsteen fan. Now it's time for Bruce to dip back in his concert  vault and bring out those hidden gems (1978 Winterland Concert - perhaps  his best show ever). And then bring back the E-Street Band for a tour and  new album. Okay, one can dream.
B000002UCQ|5.0|Good things come to those who wait--at least in the case of George's fans. His post-Beatles career was a curious mixture of indifference, easy listening and dynamic songwriting. Of his post Beatles albums \\"All Things Must Pass\\" is probably his best ( with \\"Living in the Material World\\", \\"Cloud Nine\\", \\"Brainwashed\\"  and \\"33 1/3\\"). Harrison's sarcastic sense of humor does not liven \\"All Thing Must Pass\\"--this is both his most serious and accomplished work post-Beatles. If the album suffers from one flaw it is the lack of sense of humor (although there are hints of it in some songs)which when sprinkled on his other solo albums gave a sense of balance. Being overly serious though isn't a flaw when the music is as majestic as it is here.<br /><br /> The songs, from \\"Beware of Darkness\\" to  the title track are among some of George's best songs. The mysticism is  laid on a little thick(it would get worse), but doesn't detract from the  overall quality of the songs. In fact, it allows this album to be the flip  side of Lennon's Plastic Ono band album.  The sound quality is good, but in  no way exceptional. The compression that was part of the original albums  sound is even worse on cd. Still, the quality of the songs and performances  make up for some of the mastering short comings.<br /><br />The remastered version of the album done by Jon Astley isn't horrible but it also lacks the dynamic range and depth I was hoping for. The best mastered version to date is the lossless download issued in 2010 done by the Abbey Road team (they also did the vinyl and while it does sound good the less than stellar copies that were manufactured make these a bit more problematic). The lossless download doesn't suffer from the post-production mastering compression used on the 2001 remaster that Astley did and is superior to the many versions I've heard on CD including the fabled Japanese first edition on CD that most fans pay top dollar for.<br /><br />Additionally, there is a wealth of demos recorded for this session with unreleased songs that would have made an interesting addition to this  selection. Finally, the packaging has been revised for the Astley mastered edition. Even the reissue of \\"Living in the material\\" world has the original lyrics and resembles the original issue more than this album does. The original sleeve configuration with the  lyrics are missing. Additionally, some of the graphics(like the terrific Apple Jam\\" picture featured on the sleeve for the original jam session)should have been included.<br /><br />There has yet to be a definitive edition of \\"All Things Must Pass\\" released on CD. The lossless download is probably the best I've heard and you can burn it to CD, DVD or Blu-ray. While you don't get any artwork for the packaging (an oversight that hopefully will be corrected in the future), it sounds the best so far of any edition released. The lossless download is available as of now (1/15/11) only at George's website.<br /><br />The Astley CD remaster from 2000/2001 sounds good but it does suffer from many of the sins of modern remastering (i.e., compression to make the music louder, overuse of digital noise reduction, somewhat harsh EQ)and isn't necessarily bad--it just could have been much better.<br /><br />5 stars-for the album<br />4 1/2 stars-lossless download<br />3 stars-remaster<br />3 1/2 stars-original masteringion with unreleased songs that would have made an interesting addition to this  selection. Finally, the packaging has been revised for the Astley mastered edition. Even the reissue of \\"Living in the material\\" world has the original lyrics and resembles the original issue more than this album does. The original sleeve configuration with the  lyrics are missing. Additionally, some of the graphics(like the terrific Apple Jam\\" picture featured on the sleeve for the original jam session)should have been included.    There has yet to be a definitive edition of \\"All Things Must Pass\\" released on CD. The lossless download is probably the best I've heard and you can burn it to CD, DVD or Blu-ray. While you don't get any artwork for the packaging (an oversight that hopefully will be corrected in the future), it sounds the best so far of any edition released. The lossless download is available as of now (1/15/11) only at George's website.    The Astley CD remaster from 2000/2001 sounds good but it does suffer from many of the sins of modern remastering (i.e., compression to make the music louder, overuse of digital noise reduction, somewhat harsh EQ)and isn't necessarily bad--it just could have been much better.    5 stars-for the album  4 1/2 stars-lossless download  3 stars-remaster  3 1/2 stars-original mastering
B000001Y5X|5.0|This is the best manson cd ever, smells like children was fantastic, and antichrist svperstar was even better, but this is the best. Cake and sodomy is truly exceptional, along with lunch box, get your gunn and dope hat. If  you like manson, get this album, you'll love it!
B000005ALN|5.0|I have never been a big George Micheal fan, prefering the Dylan, Zeppelin genre. I discovered this album quite by accident when I borrowed it from my roommate. After hearing this I also listened to his other solo works  and feel that this is vastly superior to anything else Micheal has done. I  think this best tracks are &quot;Older&quot; and &quot;You Have Been  Loved&quot;. This album is a classic.
B000002AV5|5.0|sade is truly amazing. possessing the captivating beauty of iman and naomi, more recluse than the artist formerly known as prince and exhibiting musical skills that unite roberta flack and astrud gilberto, sade is a  legend in her own time, though we know nothing about her. the mystery that  shrouds sade is reflected in the sixteen tracks selected as her best.  present are her more popular songs like &quot;smooth operator&quot;,  &quot;the sweetest taboo&quot; and &quot;no ordinary love&quot;, but it  would seem that it is not lost on sade that some of her &quot;best&quot;  work never saw the light of day, so to speak. true fans of the diva are  privy to the sheer beauty of &quot;jezebel&quot;, a third-person narrative  about inner strength and beauty of a very uncommon streetwalker. similarly,  &quot;is it a crime&quot;, a jazz-infused song about the longing of a love  that is over, but not yet dead, has attained cult status among sade's loyal  supporters. the beauty of sade, the group, goes well beyond their  front-woman's silky, soaring vocals and the band's undeniable skill.  rather, like the spanish group mecano, what keeps fans waiting anxiously  for the next release from the less-than-prolific sade is the lyrical depth  of the material. ironically, the same thing that has prevented sade from  achieving the cursory pop icon status of such stars as madonna and whitney  is the same thing that has ensured that her records will always sell  rapidly and consistently to fans who yearn for music that dips deep beneath  the surface. if you can't be bothered to buy each of sade's albums...well,  shame on you...buy this album. if you own all of sade's album...as well you  should...buy this one anyway for easy-access to her best work (thus far).
0780622650|4.0|Well, this movie has a lot of great effects. Good story line. I really  enjoyed the movie in the beginning, but as the movie progressed, I didn't  really like how it ended. Like they didn't find there destination in the   movie and all that ideas of making a star gate all wasn't really needed to   be in detail described in the beginning of the movie then, I felt then a   small missing link in the movie, but overall, the movie was fun and has   awsome space scenes and action scenes. I would recommend this movie to   anyone looking for a great family movie about caring.  END
B000002BFL|5.0|The Ghost of Tom Joad is a spare, yet beautiful album in the tradition of Tunnel of Love. Lyrically this is Bruce's best work, leading the New York Times Magazine to call him &quot;Steinbeck in leather&quot; .
B000005RRF|5.0|I'm glad there are other people who know what I know. Sadly, few Americans know of the band.<br />This album is best listened to in one sitting.<br />It's the musical equivalent of Catcher in the Rye. I give no higher  compliment.
0708922473|5.0|This first person narrative of solo survival transcends the mountaineering genre.   It is a classic story of a blending of human will, mental and physical stamina, technical knowledge, creativity, and inner serenity  (notwithstanding whirling fear) capable of surmounting monstrously  intimidating circumstances.   It is a land companion to Steven Callahan's  &quot;Adrift.&quot;  Both books are nearly exhausting while nearly  impossble to put down.  Both are written in clear prose that engages a  reader not previously  knowlegeable of the specialized stage upon which the  drama occurs.  They are thus both very educational on many planes.   Both  leave the reader somehow better poised and cathartically wiser in the face  of more mundane challenges.  I would welcome other readers' tips on any  other books that might match these books' high standards.
B00000DHR0|5.0|Celine has done it again.  She has created another spectacular work of art.  Her duets are beautiful, as well as her other songs.  Listening to the album really brings the sense of the true meaning of Christmas: love  and family.  Way to go Celine!
0440178002|5.0|Once in a life time you come across a book that has special meaning to you and holds a place in your heart forever. This is that book. Mr.Clavell's story is informative, romantic, exciting and has a rare ability to make you  see everything differently. Sadly, like all books it ends leaving you  missing your favorite characters.
0385484518|5.0|I throughly enjoyed this book, very powerful.  This book will make you look at you should view your valuable life.  Morrie is so open with communication with his family, friends, and anyone who will listen.  I wish  I could have spent an hour with Morrie he seems like such an inspiration.   READ THE BOOK AND PASS IT ON TO SOMEONE ELSE!
B00000DHR0|5.0|An awesome display of vocal gymnastics accompanied by fresh orchestration will have you listening in awe. Celine's talent shines again.
B00000DHTF|2.0|Hear is another example of the lie we have been force fed of digital=&quot;perfect sound forever&quot;.  <br />This is an all time classic collection of one of our most important musical artists that is  unfortunatly strapped with an almost unlistenable sound.  Unless you are  listening to it on a boom box/kmart rack system, the sound of these disks  is thin, flat, one dimensional and very fatiguing (aka digititis).  Its  hard to beleive these were actually remastered.  No wonder vinyl is making  a comeback.  Analog sounds like the real thing.<br />I want to restate that I  think this is a great work of art.  It just could be worlds better if the  recording industry gave a damn and would put some emphasis on recording  sound quality.  If we vote with our dollars, they will follow.
B00000DHTF|5.0|Great songs, great book, great bruc
0684874350|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read--a true triumph of the human spirit. It's remarkable that Frank McCourt could tell the tragic story of his childhood with love, humor and creativity intact. I found  myself unable to put this book down, and was still touched by the book and  the people in it long after I finished it. Frank McCourt is generous in  sharing with all of us such personal and grippingly honest details of his  life. I'll be one of the first to buy the sequel!
B000002NBY|5.0|Wore the original album out..then saw the Graceland concert....now have the CD....it is a classic!
B000002572|5.0|Boston's debut album sounds just as good in 1998 as it did in 1976. I played this album over and over. There isn't a bad song on it. Their follow up Don't Look Back is also great. Buy them both. You won't be sorry. If  there are other Boston fans from the late '70s feel free to drop me a line.  I love talking about this band.
B0000025RI|5.0|I grew up with Michael Jackson. I am a child of the 80's and he was my hero, putting it lightly. I can remember when every household in my apartment complex had a Thriller album. This album brings back so many  happy memories for me. This has great dance music and skating music. When  the DJ at the skating rink would play &quot;Thriller&quot;, &quot;Billie  Jean&quot;, or &quot;Beat it&quot;, you can be rest assured that the crowd  went nuts! I look at Michael today however, and I wonder what happened!  He's not the same person at all. So I try to hold on to this piece of my  childhood that will remain close to my heart forever.
1563523302|5.0|The saying, &quot;I wish I knew then what I know now&quot; is certainly appropriately connected to this soul-searching book.  Anyone who has trouble managing their money and is consistently surprised at how little  they keep of the increasing amounts that they make, should stop what  they're doing and jump right into this book.<br />Written in an  easy-to-understand fashion, much unlike that of most financial books, it  takes one through all the plateaus necessary to completely understand one's  underlying and ensuing developmental pieces which have lead to the  overspending and undersaving that has lead you to this book.<br />Had it been  given to me when I was about 14 years old (and had been written then) I  would have definitely rearranged my financial house long ago.<br />If not  keeping enough of what you make, or if you find yourself with much more  that you really need in your life, this is the ticket to being the next  millionaire next door!
0811806405|5.0|This is a detailed, step-by-step work on building a steel-string and a classical guitar, with very good professional photos and drawings.  It is written in a manner that assumes a bit of experience, but takes the time to  explain principles and procedures fully in every case.  If you are planning  to build a guitar for the first time, you'll want this one.  It's worth all  the tools in your shop.
B00000DGXN|4.0|Though Gary Burton, arguably the world's preeminent vibes jazz player, is the name at the top of the marquis on this new release from the venerable Concord Jazz label, much of the initial excitement here is the result of  the first meeting on record of guitarist Pat Metheny and pianist Chick  Corea.  Considering the lofty status of both players, it's hard to believe  they haven't paired before.  The rhythm section is rounded out by the  venerable team of Roy Haynes and Dave Holland on drums and bass.  All five  of the players are kindred spirits, having played together frequently  through the years, save for the Metheny-Corea combination.  The mind meld  between Burton and Corea is as tight as can be imagined, with these two  players having a long history together.   On &quot;Like Minds&quot; it is  Corea and Metheny's compositional talents that take center stage. Each  offer well known chestnuts from their  repertoire - in Corea's case, it is  the lilting jazz waltz, &quot;Windows&quot; (perhaps my favorite track),  while Metheny's classic &quot;Question and Answer&quot; is given a fresh  treatment.  Burton's &quot;Country Roads&quot; is offered as well and all  three composers contribute new pieces for the project. The album notes  reveal that most of the recordings are either first or second takes.   The  technical level of the performances, as one would expect, is mind-blowing.   There is an emphasis on stretching out and just &quot;blowing&quot; on the  album as opposed to intricate arrangements.  The three lead instruments  cover some of the melody lines in unison, but  Metheny generally foregoes  comping on the album, letting Corea's active left hand provide  most of the  harmonic structure.  All of the soloists are in rare form and all of them  really take advantage of the format here to &quot;stretch out&quot;.   &quot;Like Minds&quot; doesn't attempt to appeal to  the non-jazz audience  the way that some projects by the principles here have in the past, such as  Metheny's group projects, and Corea's Elektric Band.  Rather, the band  burns through straight-ahead charts in traditionalist fashion with world  class precision.  It's a kick hearing Corea and Metheny on the same stage  and I hope that these two will collaborate again.
B000001E18|1.0|Any artist has a problem with creativity. U2 reached a critical and commercial peak with their super album &quot;Joshua Tree&quot;. Its been down hill from there, artisticly speaking. While &quot;Achtung Baby&quot;  had its moments of greatness, this record has NO redeeming songs. <br />U2  members (Bono) have talked about how &quot;relevant&quot; they are to the  modern music scene. As far as I'm concerned, these days they are more  interested in theory than in execution. These songs are poor, in fact they  are bad. In 10 years, no one will remember this album.<br />Over 10 years  (from October to Jashua Tree) U2 was a best rock group around. They aren't  any more.
0395645662|5.0|My thirteen year old son gave me this book to read, and I read it in one day.  I loved it! I was surprised that it is classified as a young adult novel, when I personally think that adults or people of all ages can enjoy  this book.  Does anyone know if it was ever made into a movie?  It should  be.  I think I would like to explore more of this author's work.
B00000251N|5.0|Dear Father . . . thank you for introducing this to me.  It was your favorite book, movie, and soundtrack when you brought them to me at 12.  And now, 7 years later, they're still good friends to my ears, eyes, and  heart.  We Dream - we dream and we strive to be better people because of  it. An excellant soundtrack!
0609603086|1.0|I only finished this book to see what to what depths poor writing and plot development could fall.  Personally, I found that the only mystery in this book was how the author managed to use &quot;frisson of passion&quot; more  than once.<br />Avoid this book!
0812931017|5.0|The name, Richard Branson, is not one that would be considered as household as Bill Gates or Andrew Groove.  Nevertheless after having read his book I concluded that he was such a brilliant entrepreneur that he  could be infered to be a pantheon.  His prowness to make thoughtful  decisions and his iconoclasm personality are expressed in a symbolic way in  this autobiography.  He mystifies the reader by making his life an  adventure and consequently leads to a suspense to develop.  This is a book  worth reading, especially for young students like myself who dream to  relate to his venturesome life.
B00000DGUG|3.0|It is proven now how good her last album, Jagged Little Pill was. The repetitious lyrics are back, but without a melody that could tame them into things of beauty. Instead, the lyrics become rather tedious from one song  to the next. She does have some really great songs in the album, like the  disturbing &quot;I Was Hoping&quot;, for example, but as the album moves  towards the end, you can't help but to think that here is another  &quot;supposed former infatuation&quot; of ours that has been struggling to  reclaim the wonders that they are trying to insert in the music industry.
0694010081|5.0|My son received this set as a gift last year, at ten months old, and of course we thought he looked all too funny wearing the slippers. It was also our introduction to the book, which by now we've discovered is a great  american classic. (Thanks aunt liz and uncle owl.) Now my son, at two years  old, is putting the slippers on his Barney doll (a great improvement) and  tucking him into bed. We love the book, and we love the slippers.
B00000DHTF|5.0|This boxed set it the best of the best, they are songs that a Springsteen fan would only imagine.
B00000DLUV|5.0|I've been looking for a &quot;best of&quot; Bee Gees recording. Unfortunately, the collections called &quot;best of&quot; didn't have the older songs and included many songs I'd never heard of. This CD has it all!  All the good songs are there (but with new, fresh arrangements), plus  several familiar songs that were recorded and released by other artists.  There's not a song on this CD that I don't prefer to the original released  version -- the new arrangements are true to the originals without being  slaves to them. It's a treat to hear the new sound of those old favorites.  There's is a good mix of slow and fast, trademark falsetto and regular  voice, definitely-Bee-Gees songs and songs I didn't know that the Bee Gees  wrote. My favorite Bee Gees song, &quot;To Love Somebody&quot;, is  beautifully done. The disco-era songs are energetic, but not as &quot;in  your face&quot; as the originals were. &quot;Tragedy&quot; wasn't among my  favorite songs originally, but this arrangement is an ear-catcher. If you  aren't bouncing along to the music, something's wrong! Every song on this  24-track nearly-80-minute CD is a treat. Slow dance, fast dance, I just  want to dance. I can't sit still while listening to this one.
B00000DGUG|4.0|How do you follow an album, that sold 1 million MORE albums, than PINK FLOYD's opus &quot;The Dark Side Of The Moon&quot;? You don't sweat it. Just continue to blossom and grow. <br />      &quot;Supposed Former  Infatuation Junkie&quot; has much of the dark (&quot;The Couch&quot;),  light (&quot;So Pure&quot;) and insecure images (&quot;Your  Congratulations&quot;), this photographer/singer/   singer/female  iconoclast is known best for. The grooves this time, not quite as raging.  But her pinpoint focus (&quot;Baba&quot;, &quot;Unsent&quot;), adds broader  targets than just &quot;You Oughta Know&quot;. In risking the change--like  any artist worth their scars, a definate maturity shines through. <br />        So, it's not &quot;Jagged Little Pill--Part Deux&quot;. But the same type  psyco-cerebral investigations (&quot;UR&quot; , &quot;Front Row&quot;) are  present. While her/the band's instrumental moves are less 'grungy', it's  always been as much about what 'Miss Thing' says, than what the world  expects  from her. <br />       So, don't mind that 'the hits' are not  obvious--'cause they are certainly there. But, like a visit to any art  gallery, once you've looked around/listened for a bit, you're bound to find  something you'll like. (With time...maybe even love!)  <br />       (Listen  for &quot;So Pure&quot; to become a re-mixer's delight. Maybe even the  sweet waltz &quot;Heart Of The House&quot;. (Yeah...a waltz...and it's  good, too!.  :-)
0380973642|5.0|He's done it again.  For anyone who, like me, already owns Angels and Miscellany and is wondering if it's worth it to buy this as well the answer is a resounding yes.  Most of the fiction from &quot;Angels&quot; is back  (12 stories double) but with 18 new pieces this is another must own  collection.
B00000DFTG|5.0|In the fields the bodies burning... As the war machine keeps turning...<br />Who among the legions of metalheads doesn't know these lyrics ?   This album proves that the power that is Black Sabbath is undiminished  over time.  The band that inspired so many and allowed other bands like  Soundgarden, Megadeth and Metallica to be taken seriously has waited a long  time for an official live release and don't kid yourself... it was worth  the wait.   When this thing hits the stage at your local venue be prepared  to be shaken to the very foundation of what you are.   Buy it.  Hear it.   Feel it.  Live it.  There is only one Black Sabbath.  Enjoy.
B00000DHTF|4.0|If anything, Tracks gives fans of the Boss an amazing look at one artist's development and growth. It also magnifies Bruce's tendency to beat certain themes and musical ideas into the ground, which is why I give it 4 stars  and not 5. Don't get me wrong -- I'm still a huge fan. But if you listen  objectively, you'll hear it by the time you get to Disc 4. Those songs just  don't hold up to the songwriting on the first three discs, and I doubt that  even a couple songs on Disc 4 will ever be remembered with the same  fondness as &quot;Thundercrack,&quot; &quot;Shut Out the Light,&quot;  &quot;Where the Bands Are,&quot; just to name a few. On Tracks, the  exuberance of youth, rebellion, frustration and romance of rock n roll  shines through on the first three discs. Listen to &quot;Give the Girl a  Kiss&quot; and you can't help but smile. Maybe Bruce should listen to it  himself as a refresher.
6302468027|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies.  The characters are so compelling, that I found myself a little upset each time the story shifted from the Kathy Bates/Jessica Tandy view to the Mary Stuart Masterson/Mary  Louise Parker view and vice versa.  If you are looking for a 2 hour escape  from your life, you can't do better than this movie!!  Just don't forget  your tissues.
6305078564|5.0|This is a marvelous production that truly captures the spirit and wit of Jane Austen's novel. Beautifully written, directed, acted and produced, right down to the fine music, performed by Melvyn Tan on the fortepiano.  Certainly the best filmed version of any Austen novel; the extended length  allows for full development of plot and character.
B00000DGUG|2.0|If you loved Jagged Little Pill you won't like this one. Hard-edged tracks mixed with softer ballads are not what I expected. Where are the fun-loving pop sounds Alanis is famous for? Not reccomended.
B00000F1D3|1.0|Cher has a fascinating, interesting voice, but obviously her producers do not allow her to sing songs where she can really USE this great voice of hers. Instead of good songs, she has to sing third-class teenie-pop. What a  pity!
B000002BPS|5.0|this is probably the offspring's best album, all i want is excellent, and meaning of life is mt second favorite, gone away gives you that &quot;fight the world&quot; feeling if you're in a bad mood when you listen to it, even  though offspring sings about some depressing things sometimes, their lyrics  are very clever... i like this album alot, so, if you liked smash, get this
3895086894|5.0|The beautiful but naughty Becky Sharpe takes us all by our sexual organs in this brilliantly witty and wincingly cunning book.
B000002OX7|5.0|While many point to Tommy as the Who's best, you haven't experience The Who until you've listen to Who' Next.  This one rocks from start to finish.  You can feel their raw power in &quot;Bargain&quot;, and the anger in  &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot;.  This album kicked in 1971, and it kicks  ass today. Listen to this album, and you'll hear why The Who were simply  &quot;The worlds greastest rock &amp; roll band&quot;.
0790733226|1.0|I do believe that this film had some measure of intellectual stimulation. I also think that that quality was compromised by the immaturity of the characters. As intelligent people we should not lay blame on others for a  short-coming. Contact seems to do just that. An example would be the  involved religious question in the movie.This event makes the world  religions look selfish and corrupt.There are other examples but you should  decide for yourself. I will leave you with this; I love movies, in fact  there are only two films which I did not completely enjoy. &quot;Natural  Born killers&quot; was the other one. I do hope you will enjoy the show  because I cannot.
B000002J0B|5.0|This is most certainly on of the best albums Zeppelin ever put out. As an owner of all the ablums they ever made, this is one of my top three favorites. Led Zeppelin is still the best and can't be beat.
B000005J56|5.0|Dear Mr. Cooder...  You never know quite what to expect, but you can bet it will be good.  This one is better than good.  Flabbergasting is more like it.  There's some dead serious musicianship going on here!  Not only  that but it lives and jumps and hops.  If you're looking for a bit of  Latino spice for your music collection ese esta el numero uno!
B00000BKDX|5.0|In my opinion the best live album Ive ever heard. I believe Bruce was at his best in this live album. Now with the inclusion of the complete Running Free and the 4th side from the vinyl, you can't top it!
B000000WCV|5.0|This piece of exceptionall work has manifested itself towards the &quot;New Modern&quot; age of digital rock music. Everything from amazing breaks to smooth transitions are not only ones that impressed me; it is the  astonishment of experiencing the vitality and energy in which it creats to  alter your state of mind, one that does in a subtle manuver which makes  Daft Punk a rejuvination of the classical music era. Everthing from its  composition to its development, Daft punk not only seeks similicity in the  literal sense, but it also brings the primitive drive out of us: an  abstract concept. I give this piece of magnificient creation of art four  thombs up!(including big my toes :)
0312965788|5.0|I found this book to be a very easy read, and would recommend it to anybody that reads at the fourth grade level or higher.  The Scottish author, James Herriot, describes his life as a newly hired veterinarian, in  pre-WWII England.  He shares with readers his experiences in handling  distressed animals, their owners and caretakers, the business of being a  veterinarian, and the successes and failures of love and life.<br />His  descriptions of the situations he was in, were right on.  Being British,  and the grandson of a blacksmith, I could easily picture in my mind what  kind of weather he was experiencing, or how dark a barn, byer, or piggery  might be.  His characterizations of the local farmers and townspeople were  great, and he met some really interesting people!<br />The book left me with a  new respect for what life was like for people in the days when life seemed  so much simpler than what it is today.  I have just started &quot;All  Things Bright and Beautiful&quot;, and look forward to completing it, and  the rest of Herriot's books in the future.
B00000DHTF|4.0|It's not a classic. It's also not awful.  This collection straddles the line between revealing and self indulgent. There are certainly reasons why Springsteen didn't release this material before--he probably felt it wasn't  up to his usual high standards. Even  the dreck, though, has something  unique and interesting about it. Ultimately, the weak material is far  outnumbered. In fact, re-examing some of his b-sides, one wonders why they  didn't make albums at all. Most of them would have made fine additions to  his albums, or great  a-side singles. . This, Springsteen's second box set,  like Dylan and the Beatles' anthologies attempts to define the Boss through  showing us the songs or versions of classics he didn't choose. The  retrospective nature of a box allows one to discover the artist while they  are progressing and working to an identity of their own. Here we see the  Boss become cult icon to megastar and, in the process, see some compromise  his art to reach a larger audience. Just like the Beatles and Dylan before  him, once he has reached that larger audience he takes them into a journey  back to the material he feels best represents his art. In a sense, we just  have to follow the Yellow Brick Road and we get to discover who the man  behind the commerical curtain really is. The b sides are welcome additions  to Springsteen's work. It's nice to finally have &quot;Shut out the  light&quot; and &quot;Roulette&quot;. While not all of these tracks are  classics, all are welcome glimpses into the process that the Boss goes  through in creating his music. It would have been a nice touch to have a  little more annotation on what inspired each song and why some didn't make  the final cut for albums or b sides. Still, one can't fault Bruce for  putting this out. It's a gift to his fans and, ultimately, it's the fan's  opinions that matter. It's also nice to get these tracks with decent sound  compared to the booklegs that have floating around for some time now.  The  packaging, although bulky, is unique and one of the better large box  designs. A nice gift to the fans and a revealing look at what makes Bruce's  music click.The  packaging, although bulky, is unique and one of the better large box  designs. A nice gift to the fans and a revealing look at what makes Bruce's  music click.
B000002NBY|5.0|I just recently bought this CD and I love it, so these songs are everlasting hits. Songs like &quot;I Know What I Know&quot; and &quot;You Can Call Me Al&quot; top my list of favorite songs. The African background  that is apparent on this CD make for great rhythms and fantastic background  vocals.
B000002BE9|5.0|Wow. That's all I could say when I first listened to this cd. I have had it for at least a year and a half, and had to buy a new one because the old one was so played that it wouldn't work in my cd player.  Fiona's voice is  strong, smoky and makes you want to sing with her.  This cd has changed my  life, as pathetic as that sounds. I have always loved singing, and this cd  made me realize that it's something that I want to do for the rest of my  life. I laugh at the few people who dare to say that her singing is flat at  times. They just can't hear the background notes that she's harmonizing  with. It's okay. To those people I recommend that they stick with simple  artists like LeAnn Rimes or Joan Osbourne. They are obviously not ready to  appreciate what Fiona sings and the ways she makes the music melt together.  Nothing's better than harmonizing with your favorite song, and that's what  this cd lets me do. Looking forward to more.
B00000DHRX|5.0|this is an incredible album for george michael fans.  It reminds us of why we bought his albums and sang along.  The dance compliation is great and the slow jams are incredible. welcome back george! fantastic!! well worth  the money for any fan.
B000000WCX|4.0|David Bowie's EARTHLING is one of those rare albums that gets better the more you listen to it.  His best realease in a very long time, I often can't make it through the whole thing as one song or another will arrest my  attention and I'll find myself playing only that one over and over again.   The single &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot;, while an excellent piece of  work, is among the weakest on the album.  In particular, &quot;Seven Years  in Tibet&quot;, &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;, &quot;Little  Wonder&quot; and &quot;Looking For Satellites&quot; are all of them  artistic high points.  If, like myself, you're not a fan of techno, it  likely won't matter.  Bowie's work rises above such stylistic concerns.
B000002UEB|5.0|I have listened Operation: Mindcrime over a thousand times.  This CD grows on you !  Easily one of the most intense group of songs ever assembled on one album.  I love working out to &quot;Needle Lies&quot;   &quot;Speak&quot; and &quot;Spreading the Disease&quot; I wish I could give  this album TEN stars !!!
0393038912|5.0|&quot;Guns,Germs and Steel&quot;, is one of those books you just can not stop reading page by page. Those needing to know how some nations have advanced, have withdrawn to the tail and why some have always struggle  simply to survive will find this book as a most. One thing I would have  added to the title is: Guns, Germs, Steel &quot;and Horses&quot;. The  impact of this animal in the development of nations has not been properly  recognized. The war machinery of conquests that moved culture from one side  of earth to another could not have been possible without horses. Above all  it is a book of the indomitable spirit of men to keep searching without  pause. I would recommend also reading: &quot;History of Knowledge&quot;,   to reinforce concepts that will help to enjoy, &quot;Guns, Germs and  Steel&quot; even more.  For us living in the third world, &quot;Guns, Germs  and Steel&quot;,  is a book to read and to reflec upon. No question it is a  book of reference. The research done by the author is extraordinary. I  recommend it.
0671570439|5.0|Dr. Sagan's book is an amazing experience that the film with Ms. Foster recaptured with extreme intensity. <br />I wondered what else could be achieved on the audio version, and I found that a difficult symbiosis had  been performed: Ms. Foster performance built an atmosphere with such force  that all the scientific passion and humanity on the book surface  harmoniously, and goes beyond the mere verbatim. <br />Close your eyes and  participate on the true galactic search...
B00000DHTF|1.0|Many of these songs were unreleased or didn't make it onto a Springsteen album for good reason: they're simply not up to scratch. A few are experiments gone awry, some are glossy pop tunes with bubble gummy  melodies, others sound like a mediocre Springsteen tribute band trying  their hand at songwriting. There are gems buried in this rubble --  &quot;Rockaway the Days&quot; for instance -- but they are rare. Worse, the  liner notes only transcribe the lyrics so there's no narrative to guide  listeners. It would have been fascinating to know the story behind this  music, as uninspiring as it is.
B00000DHRX|4.0|This is a good George Michael Sampler.  Nothing more and nothing less.  Great new songs prove that he is one of the best songwriter in British Pop history.  This best album is a collection of his achievement, but the  quality of the album is not as great as his previous releases.  It's a good  album to make others to listen to when they don't know about George Michael  (if there is anyone...).
B000002UDG|2.0|Bleak in comparison to Ram and London Town
B00000AFDW|5.0|WELL, WHAT DID YOU EXPECT? DOUBLE PLATINUM,DYNASTY OR CRAZY NIGHTS? WHAT YOU GOT IS A MUTURE KISS! THANK YOU PAUL, GENE,ACE AND PETER. YOU FOUND A WAY TO SQUEEZE A LITTLE BIT OF ALL THE ALBUMS INTO THIS ONE. WELCOME BACK!
6304178352|5.0|I learnt to speak like a toff from this ace flick. Rex Harrison and Wilf Hyde White are a great comedic duo and Ms Hepburn more than holds her own. <br />Harrison, like Noel Coward, defines that wonderful English upper-class  knack for not quite singing but reciting those splendid lines to an  approximate beat and key. <br />This is a sooper-dooper morale raiser and, as  I say, the wardrobes are gorgeous: the Ascot Opening Day song is a model of  what show biz should be. Bloomin' marvelous, mate!
6303274234|5.0|Look at the title, and you will know why I'm liking this film.<br />If you've been to Las Vegas you will understand what this is about.<br />T &amp; A
B000005RSW|5.0|That heavy metal sound that's been lost over the years. If you're looking for metal that actually means something, plug into this one. Definitely the best of the early ManOwaR. Ride on Brothers!!!
0385484518|5.0|Of course, you've heard this before. But you never really think about all the things you can find in this book. You need to open your mind and be sincere with yourself. Are you really happy? That's the question, and this  book gives you ideas to help you to achieve happiness, if you want. Of  course I've heard this before: in my 21th birthday somebody I loved very  much gave me the last poem of Borges: in twenty lines it say almost the  same things than this book but then I didn't gave it a lot of importance.  Maybe I was not prepared. Now I try to live a better life and this book  helps a lot to do so. It made me remember that when you cry reading a book  or watching a movie you don't cry because of the book or the movie, you cry  because of yourself. If that has happened to you and you want to LEARN  about things you have heard before, this book is for you.
B000006OBQ|5.0|There is no other recording out there that captures Sinatra like this.  From the way he plays with the audience in his monologue to the miraculous phrasing on every track, this CD is a must-have for every Sinatra fan.  In  addition, if you're just starting to get into Sinatra, this is a perfect  disc for you as well.  If this one doesn't hook ya' on &quot;ol' blue  eyes,&quot; nothin' will. (So long, Frank... we miss ya'!)
B00000DHR0|5.0|This is a fabulous Christmas album.  Her rendition of &quot;Oh Holy Night&quot; and &quot; Ave Maria&quot; not only brought tears to my eyes but gave me goosebumps from my toes all the way up my spine. The pure tonal  quaility of her voice comes beautifully across in even the softest of  classic lullabys. The now popular song &quot; I'm Your Angel&quot; alone is  a good enough reason to buy this CD. A perfect Christmas gift for the  Celine Dion lover... if they haven't already bought it for themselves like  I did!
0802130208|4.0|I've giggled along with many a page, but few books have made me laugh out loud like this one did.  Ignatius Riley was hilarious, poignant, sad, and my only question is why haven't they made this baby into a movie? Some  books are untouchable, and this may be one of them.
B000000WCA|5.0|Very original lyrics and I really love the outfits that the Spice Girls wear.  Their attitudes are charming and each has their own style and personality.  I think they are cute and that their singing is awesome!
B000006NPY|4.0|I am really not into this wave of synthisized, drum machined music but this album is beautifully constructed.  &quot;To Sheila&quot; is beautiful.  The simple arrpegios layered and overlapping fit perfectly with Corgans  whisper-whine.  This is the Pumpkin's best album.
B00000DLUV|5.0|It's almost as good as the video.  My only hope is that someday they will play in Canada, preferably in the west.  We love The Bee Gees too.  I could fill a stadium with just my family alone(all fans of The Bee Gees). Think  about it.
0312150849|5.0|This such a funny book I almost snarfed (what you you do when you laugh and what happens to be in your mouth exits your body via your nose) cheese. I couldn't recomend a more halarious book. Buy this book and stay away from  cheese while you read it.
B000002P5W|5.0|Why listen to anything but Jimi Hendrix decades after decades? Because he gave the best music you can listen to. And you will come back to that record, like the post-Electric Ladyland soulful tracks, again and again,  like I did since 30 years and sure will do for a lot more. By all means buy  this!
0399143904|3.0|Rainbow Six was an immediate buy for me because of past Clancy novels which I really enjoyed.  The first 200 or so pages were what I have come to expect and like about Clancy novels. Then it became subtly noticeable that  the plot or really the build-up to action sequences was to become  increasingly drawn-out. I began to lose interest, but regardless I kept  picking up the book to finish it.  The desciptions were true Clancy as was  the interesting attention to detail.  Bottom line - pretty good from an  author who can produce pretty great!
0393038912|5.0|This book grabbed me for a good couple months - I couldn't have a conversation with anyone without bringing it up!  It's a fascinating and convincing argument for basic geographic factors determining distribution  of wealth in the world.  I also liked the pictures he includes showing how  people from different parts of the world look different, although I'm not  sure how important it is to his arguments!  One more note: it was a little  depressing to hear how barbaric civilizations have been across the board  for thousands of years.
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is hand's down the best band that I have ever heard.  They cannot be compared to anyone else, because they have no real category.  Feel the power of &quot;War?&quot; surge through your body as Daron goes  crazy on the guitar, as Serj chants out &quot;We will fight the  heathens!&quot;, as Shavo strums bass, and John thrashes the drums.  I saw  them live and I can't express how much feeling I had.  The lyrics come  straight from the heart and their background.  (3 members are Armenian,  from Lebanon, and 1, Daron is from California.)  Buy the CD this instant,  and see them live.  Mosh until your hearts content while Serj spews his  deepest thoughts.  Simply put, there are no other sounds on this Earth  capable of moving me like System of a Down.  Down with the system!!!
B0000026NC|5.0|I don't care what anyone says, this recording is a masterpiece. David Gilmour has more musical talent in his finger than Roger Waters does in his whole body. I love everything that Pink Floyd have ever done, and there is  no question that &quot;The Wall&quot; and &quot;Animals&quot; are  incredible albums, but lets face it, those albums would have been  disaterous if Waters would have done them solo. When you listen to  &quot;Dogs&quot;, do you think it would be the great song that it is  without Gilmour's soloing? C'mon, &quot;The Wall&quot; is great, but you  have to think about a guy writing about how much the lifestyle that made  him a millionair is a living hell is a bit hipocritical. As for this  masterfull Delicate Sound of Thunder, &quot;Sorrow', &quot;On the Turning  Away&quot; and every other song on here kicks.I personally don't care that  Roger is gone, after all this is rock and roll, we don't need any more epic  visions and concepts. Please, let the music flow-long live PINK FLOYD-DAVID  GILMOUR-NICK MASON-RICK WRIGHT.
0345286200|5.0|The story of the last Unicorn, who must face her darkest fears, showing that she can display strength, honor and love.  For she is the only unicorn who has loved and learned regret.  A timeless tale which lives on in my  heart.
B000002BUY|5.0|Wonderful blend of hip hop and metal.  Must have for any Ministry or Nine Inch Nails Fan.  If you like Faith no more then you better own this CD.
0930289528|5.0|All hyperbolisms aside, V For Vendetta is to comics what 1984 was to literature, it's that good.  As much as I adored 'Watchmen', the politicism and totalitariasm of V stuck with me and affected me more.  Just marvelous.   I love this book.
B000002MTR|4.0|TOTALLY COOL but not as good as the Album 'Master of Puppets' of METALLIC
0930289455|5.0|Alan Moore strikes again in this most disturbing tale, which ultimately severed the link to the sunshiny, post-war Batman for good.  This one shot I believe also anticipated the trend of the 'grimming' up many villians as  well as their hero counterparts.  That final scene between Batman and The  Joker sums up both characters in a way only the brilliant Moore seems  capable of.  Recommended to even casual fans.
0345404475|5.0|Like so many, I've seen the movie BLADE RUNNER (the original and Director's Cut), and read the book which it is based on. I loved both. The movie is beautiful and meaningful, but it's meaning is different than the  book. The movie's question is &quot;Should Deckard be killing the  Replicants?&quot; and it talks about why or why not. The question in the  book is &quot;Is Deckard a Replicant?&quot; and by the end of the book, we  still have no idea. Both are book and movie are great, but you have to take  them as seperate pieces of art. I highly reccomend both.
B00000AFDW|5.0|I've been a KISS fan since 3rd grade, and when I heard this CD I cried. It was great  hearing my boys back together again. Even my mom was thrilled!
0345403959|2.0|This could have been a cool story.  Could have.  That is, if it weren't so liberally punctuated with the bad humor that has become Eddings' trademark.  We don't really get to know the characters, with the exception of only a  few scenes, and the story is just one rehashing of Belgarath and Polgara  being Great Sorcerers after another.  Boring.  The more he extends a  series, the worse it gets (same with Sparhawk).  So stick with the books  from the beginning.
B000002B38|5.0|This album is by far the most incredible set of music I have ever listened to.  You thought Comfortably Numb sounded good on the studio album?  This live version blows that out of the water.  This album is pure musical  mastery and a testament to one of the few great bands.  Waters or not,  you've gotta love &quot;Pulse&quot;.
0811821846|5.0|Originally, I bought this book as a gift for a friend. The book was so well illustrated and the recipes were so easy to follow that I bought one for me. It is humorous as well as being a good cookbook. I highly recommend  it.
B000002G0P|4.0|The first six songs on this album are what the guitar players out there want to hear.  Nuno, Nuno, and more Nuno.  Tasty licks, fascinating chord progressions and  inventive, lightning fast scales. The rest of the album  gets bogged down in its attempt to be socially relevant.  Whereas more  desireable than the usual hyper-hormone adolescent tripe peddled by  otherwise talented bands, it's not exactly courageous to take an anti-war  stance as Extreme has with this album.  The point is eloquently made within  the first six songs (with tongue firmly in cheek)and they shouldn't have  belabored the point for 43 more minutes.  But if you want to listen to  Nuno, buy it.
0345347951|5.0|I enjoyed this book, and continue to enjoy it via the audio tape version. It's one of my favorite Clarke books, a fascinating tale of the end of humanity. I truly recommend this book to all.
0671799320|5.0|I loved this book.  I was amazed to see the tie-in of Oil to so much of 20th century history.  The authors do a superb job of bringing the characters to life.  I don't think I'll ever look at Standard service  station sign the same way again.
B00000D9TQ|2.0|Phil Collins used to be one of my favorite artists. Somewhere in between &quot;No Jacket Required&quot; and &quot;But Seriously&quot; he lost me. &quot;But Seriously&quot; was one of the worst, if not THE worst, Collins  album. &quot;Serious Hits Live&quot; was great, but why do we need yet  another greatest hits album featuring basically the same songs? How about  something new?  I mean, &quot;True Colors&quot; is a nice song, but all I  can think about when I hear it is that Whitney Houston AT&amp;T commercial.  (I think it's AT&amp;T) I won't be investing my money on this album. I'm  glad I listened to it at someone else's house first.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Like a lot of people are saying, I thought the album was kind of weird the first time I listened to it.  But, on the second time around, I am hopelessly hooked!!!  It is so unique, intelligent, and insightful.  I  think she did justice to the follow up on Jagged Little Pill---the two best  albums of ALL time!!!
0345315227|1.0|I *love* AC Clarke, and I love his short stories and novels, especially the 2001 series. However, this is a bad book -- a failure that should not have been allowed to happen. He starts out really well -- Frank Poole,  alive, as a vehicle to explore the future. Great! But there is no story, no  mystry, nothing but a few admitedly neat ideas about the future (love the  towers) and nothing else. Skip this book, and check out the Red Mars series  instead.
0790733919|5.0|In a year in which &quot;The Graduate&quot;, &quot;Bonnie and Clyde&quot; and &quot;In the Heat of the Night&quot; were released, &quot;Cool Hand Luke&quot; is often overlooked (despite the fact that it is probably the  least dated of the bunch, as fine as the other films are). Still, this film  resonates with strong performances, anchored by Newman's portrayal of the  war veteran who has just returned from the carnage of Viet Nam and finds  himself jailed for &quot;settling an old score&quot; -- destroying petty,  arbitrary authority in the form of parking meters.<br />Newman's performance  is top notch, splendidly representing the power of an individual spirit in  the face of oppressive authority which attempts to get him to submit to  their rules and regulations. A christ-figure who is not convinced of God's  presence, yet still yearns for spiritual sustenance, Newman's Luke is a  character who still commands the screen and will leave you shaken.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I have the Dylan bootleg series one, Lennons new 4cd box, Robert Johnsons box, and a few others. NOTHING comes even close to preparing you for the majesty of Springsteen's TRACKS. It has everything a true fan could want  (save for a few individual favourites which for one or another reason  didn't make the box) including a dramatic statement on Bruce's ever  increasing songwriting abilities. ANYONE who can't find true happiness in  some of the songs on Disc 4 (Happy, Loose Change, Over ther Rise, Gave it a  Name, Brothers Under the Bridge, Back in Your arms to name just a few)  simply doesn't appreciate fine music.<br />Bruce's songs HAVE become shorter  and simpler in many ways, more spare, but they still pack an emotional  punch like no other artist/s.
B00000DGUG|4.0|This time around Alanis seems reconciled to all the things that enraged her on &quot;Jagged Little Pill.&quot;  Some might say she's lost her edge...but no one can stay that angry indefinitely without becoming  unstable.  And Alanis is absolutely NOT unstable...she's very firmly  grounded.  She doesn't hesitate to call people on their hypocrisy, or  thoughtlessness, or egotism, or pretentiousness, or whatever. In every song  I  wonder who it is that she's singing about. Each song tells us part of a  story...I want to know the rest of it!  I'm not criticizing;  this just  means that Alanis is doing some great writing.  It's good poetry with the  added bonus of music.  If I have any complaints, it's that the music hides  some of the lyrics...but often that harsh, discordant quality accentuates  the song's message. My personal favorites:  &quot;Front Row&quot;  &quot;Can't Not&quot; &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot; and  &quot;Unsent.&quot;  Best candidates for airplay:  &quot;Thank U&quot;  &quot;So Pure&quot; and &quot;Are You Still Mad?&quot;  I hope those who  didn't care for the album at first will continue to listen to it...it does  grow on you.
B000002C4C|5.0|I love this album. Before this album, I never was into Mariah Carey. I bought this album for the song &quot;Breakdown,&quot; because I loved the video. I found out that the whole album is really good. She's made a good  transition with her music. The songs are really touching, and describe  feelings most people have gone through. I highly reccommend  &quot;Breakdown,&quot; &quot;Close My Eyes,&quot; &quot;The Roof,&quot; and  &quot;Babydoll.&quot; This album could make a fan out of anyone!!
B00000DHTF|5.0|The first 4 tracks, just Bruce and the guitar at his audition for CBS records, are worth the price of this set if you are a true Bruce fan.  I'm 40 years old and this was like being 18 and discovering Bruce again.  You  will love it.
B000005RYR|5.0|Let me put it this way- Mercury Falling is simply an outstanding album from Hounds Of Winter to Lithium Sunset. Every song on here is a masterpiece of its own and I high reccomend this album to anyone looking  for a mature coming of age album with some unexpected twists and hooks.
0816158525|5.0|I have read this book over and over so many times. And each time I have come away with the most peaceful and loving feeling. It has changed my life. I was searching for the missing part of me after my wife passed away.  I found it in Betty's Book. I have quite the library on Near Death  Experiences, and her Book Tops my list! I have been blessed with the  knowledge that we don't die. And Betty's Book sends that message so  Eloquently!
B000003S0D|5.0|From the naif cover to the music structure it's imho King Crimson's best album, I like this one most out of the other seven first ones ( I mean from the &quot;Court&quot; to &quot;Red&quot;-which are great on their own  right) because its sounds hellish heavenly. The addition of horns gives the  rock a melt of jazzy classicism. The second side suite &quot;Lizard&quot;  is a masterpiece, that blends Anderson's singing and the woodwinds and  brass, mostly the trombone plus the drumbeats and Fripp's strumming  surrounded by the piano is unforgetable. There's an indescribable mood that  transports you to a timeless sense of music thrilling. This second side  largely pays the record price. I wonder if lofty Robert is aware of this  masterpiece. However, not reccomended for easy-listeners.
0345409671|2.0|I'll make this short and sweet, the novel was disapointing because; 1. She made Lestate in to some kind of Indestructable God? I mean how farther can she go with this character? 2. There were to many flaws in the story-line.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays With Morrie is a book which makes the reader rethink his or her relationships.  The author himself refocused his own connection with his estranged brother during the process of interviewing Morrie.  For those of  us who chose the book because of its description of ALS, otherwise known as  Lou Gehrig's disease, it is a difficult, but cleansing text.  This reader  lost her mother to the devasting illness, and found it extremely hard to  &quot;live&quot; through the process with the author and his mentor, but  once it was over, was glad for the opportunity to understand what her  mother went though at a much-too-young age.  This book can be the start of  a healing process for estranged families and is especially relevant for the  upcoming holiday season.
