B001NLL93W|5.0|Los dos títulos anteriores los compré en México, en Español.  Es tan interesante la historia que no pude esperar y tuve que comprarlo (Kindle Edition)   Es una histoira de suspenso y romance, inteligente y bien elaborada que te atrapa desde la primera página hasta el final.  No hubiera querido que la saga terminara jamás, es buenísima.  Espero con ansia la pre-cuela que se prepara.
B00013RC8O|5.0|The less said the better.  Grab a few beers and hang on for a wild ride.  Those old, awesome Dodge 440 Challenger R/Ts are legendary for a good reason.  See why in this completely CGI-free, truly real masterpiece.  It makes most of the current crop of CGI enhanced movies look, well, kinda ridiculous.  This is gritty, visceral reality, as near as can be captured on film.  When you see that 440 R/T doing 130 down the highway, IT IS, believe it.    I've loved this movie for years and NOTHING I've seen since compares with its car chase content.  Not BULLITT, Not RONIN, Not GONE IN 60 SECONDS.  About the closest match are the old 500 HP Killer B cars of World Rally Competition, banned for years as too lethal for public safety.  The storyline is contrived, but who cares.  Where is Vanishing Point II?  I wish.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|I love good music of many sorts, from metal to classical. This is album is by FAR they greatest folk/rock I have ever heard. Even if you're not a fan of folk music, you should definitely give it a try. Every single song builds to an epic climax, has an ebb and flow, uses every instrument at its disposal to the best possible end, and you will never want to remove it from your playlist. I couldn't be happier to have it in my repertoire at last.
0312370849|5.0|This was not a true story, but it certainly could have been. It never hurts us to share in the traumas and tragedies of others; it will, instead, give us a new understanding, and hopefully, open up more of our hearts to care and show compassion toward all people.    We've all read the terrible accounts of the Holocaust, but this story certainly draws us into the reality of it. The author did an extrordinary job!
6304779607|3.0|But why is it some of Stallone's best movies come in those cheap-*ss clip cases? Y'know the ones the you unclip and they unfold open? They are flimsy and the disc doesn't stay in very well either.     As far as the movie goes, this has always been one of my favorites. A young sexy Sly stars as Marion Cobretti (aka Cobra) a cop from a division of the police known as the Zombie Squad. One night a young woman (Brigitte Nielsen's character), Ingrid Knudsen, witnesses a murder by a serial killer known as `The Night Slasher.' After an attempt on her life she is put in to protective custody with Cobra and his wise cracking partner (Reni Santoni) Gonzales. Just like any other Stallone movie he beats the bad guy and gets the girl in the end.
B000JMLKCG|5.0|I really appreciate this story a great deal more than I did in college english during the last century.
0802798225|4.0|As I read this book, I couldn't help but to feel that it was an updated version of West Side Story without all of the cool songs and dancing. But since I loved that movie, this was not an insult. Indeed, this is West Side Story with the ending I always longed for. I thought the author, Simone Elekeles, did an outstanding job of putting a new spin on the so-opposite-they-should-never-attract story. I really admire the way she wrote the very diverse characters. The voice for each was so authentic and true, I never questioned their believability.<br /><br />As the title suggests, there is chemistry between Alex and Brittany almost from their first meeting and now matter how hard they try to deny it - to others, as well as themselves - ultimately, they can't. They are drawn to each other in ways that surprise them. Indeed, it is the things that at first bother them about each other that ends up being the draw to each other. Where Alex might secretly crave the lifestyle Brittany and her perfection represents, Brittany secretly craves the excitement and danger that Alex and his gangster lifestyle represent. But there are many obstacles in their way and sometimes chemistry can be explosive.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This is a collection of the great songs from this movie. All of them are top notch recordings done by super talented singers and musicians. I never tire of hearing these tunes!
B0007TKNII|5.0|I really enjoyed this musical, this is a timeless theme of love vs obsession. I know nothing is as good as live theater, but this is the next best thing.
0385532458|1.0|I should have loved this book. I have always thought that Grisham's best book was his first (A Time to Kill), which was set in Ford County, Mississippi. I also love short stories. So when I heard that Grisham was turning his attention back to Ford County and that he was trying his hand at short stories, my interest was piqued.<br /><br />Unfortunately, Grisham seems bent on displaying the absolute worst side of Southern life. I didn't even finish this book. The first story alone takes readers into some of the seediest sites of Mississippi. Grisham tries to be funny and to make a point, but he fails on both counts. Don't waste your money.
0545123267|5.0|Maggie Stiefvater is fast becoming one of my favorite new authors. She has a way with words and prose that is awe-inspiring. With just a few key details, she places you right into the heart of the story and there you will remain until the conclusion. This is simply a stunning book about love, yearning and facing the prospect of loss head-on and taking the risk, anyway. Stiefvater takes you right into the heart of teenage angst and first love, adding a supernatural element that blends so well with the story, you soon forget that this is a paranormal tale. She has a way of bringing a sweet humanity to the paranormal characters in this book, even as those characters struggle with the inevitability of the loss of that humanity. The choices they make might not always be of the most noble nature, but they are understandable when you take the time to understand them.<br /><br />From the main characters to all of the secondary ones, the portraits the author draws are each unique and heartbreaking, in turns. You end up feeling sorry for the characters you didn't like in the beginning and wondering at the choices made by characters you did like. All of them are beautifully flawed. And so, in telling the tale of a girl whose boyfriend just might be a wolf, the author manages to tell a bittersweet story of love and humanity that will linger in your memory long after the last page is read. I look forward to reading the sequel, which appropriately enough, is titled Linger.
B000PFU7OO|5.0|This soundtrack is beautiful whether you've listen to it without having watched the film or after watching it.  The lyrics, combination of vocals and instruments, and depth deliver unique and memorable sounds that are pleasing to the ears and heart.
B00009W0WM|5.0|I love this latest packaging concerning this Classic film.  It has what I was looking for; great commentaries, especially by the great Roger Ebert, documentaries of various types, cartoons, trailers and more.  I don't need to pay extra for the other set on Casablanca that's out there, where you get some cheesy mock passport, or letter of transit, whatever.  If they would have added the Steven Bogart look at his dad, or even the A & E Bio., I would have liked it better, but that's, perhaps, being a bit greedy.  I highly recommend!
0609610570|5.0|As an operation manager myself, I was asked to read this book by my CEO and is one of the thing I thank him the most, as this book taught me how to apply every piece of knowledge I had into results.    Is a very comprehensive reading framed as a discipline followed step by step and with results far known.    It is maybe the resume Jack Welch type of work.    Thenks Larry and Ram for making planning come into proven results.
B002XMGGJM|5.0|Love this movie!!! Gerald Butler and Jamie Foxx was amazing in this action pack, suspense, thriller. If your into turns and twists, and eye for and eye type of situation this is the movie for you to enjoy....
B00005OCMR|5.0|product came in brand new in wrapper and also came in good time. very happy with this product and their service
1591843162|5.0|WOW, what a great book.  So inspiring, so thought provoking.  You feel the need to stand-up and read this book aloud to anyone around you.  I have thought many of these things outlined in the book, I will know refer to myself as an artist, just now need to decide what my art is and not let me self be taken over by my \\"lizard brain\\" and continue what I feel is gift giving to others.    Thanks Seth Godin, really GREAT book....
0316044938|4.0|Wonderfully written, disturbing, but enlightening novel about the violent death of a 14-year-old girl.  The bulk of the novel follows the reactions of family and friends to what has disturbed this small, PA town in 1973.  Relationships are strengthened or shattered, but all are changed by the horrific event.  Sebold takes liberties with interpreting heaven, but it becomes an effective device to allow the young girl to narrate the changes of the other characters.  There is redemption and justice, giving the book a more pat ending than some will like, but generally a satisfying read.
B00365YVRO|5.0|I've been a Sade fan for over 20 years and really looked forward to this album.  I loved Lover's Rock and I waited 10 years for this.  This album is immaculately produced.  Every song have a unique sound to it.  I don't really understand some of the negative reviews that I've seen posted.  There are those older fans who wanted something similar to her older work.  Why???!!!  A true artist will always grow with their work.  However, there is no denying that this is Sade.  Track #4, Babyfather, is vintage Sade.  For the younger listeners, this is what real soul sounds like!!  I can't comprehend anybody not liking this album, but I guess I'm just biased and a huge fan.  Give it a listen.  Sade deserves that much.
0670021652|5.0|I will start by saying I never read Eat Pray Love, which may give me a unique perspective on this book as I had no expectations of what I thought it should be or not be.  Elizabeth Gilbert was scheduled to come speak at a woman's talk forum that I have tickets to, so I thought it would be a good idea to pick up her latest book.    I am completely blown away by the quality of humor, and emotional insight in Committed. It does read a bit more like a piece of journalism than it does an adventure, but if you want a deeper understanding of the history of marriage, infatuation, divorce, marital and roles this is the best book I have seen out there.  I was divorced when I was 25, and am now remarried in my 30s, and by reading this book I realized how much deep down confusion I still had about divorce.  The book reads like a good girlfriend, who is letting you know everything you wished someone was able to tell you in your early 20s, about finding love in modern America - taking some of the lessons from our ancestors, and what happiness means in marriage.  With so many surface ideals of what love is adding natural confusion into modern day marriage, I found committed real and genuine including information that I may have already learned a little bit about elsewhere, but presented in a way that created many 'ah ha' moments as I was reading (and even a few out loud gasps).  Thanks Elizabeth for taking the time and effort to dig into an important topic with such depth and meaning.
B002ZHKZEM|3.0|At this point, I would think that most people reading a review of these specials are already aware of the stories, so I won't dwell on that something that has been already stated in other reviews ad nauseum by giving you a synopsis of each story.  But these are the final stories of the 10th Doctor, David Tennant, whose performance has never been less than excellent, decided to take permanent leave of a role that he revered since he was a child.  And due to a variety of circumstances, he took all of 2009 to do this transition, culminate to his regeneration into the 11th Doctor, Matt Smith.<br /><br />As far as these stories go, they only get better and better. Starting with the 2008 Christmas Special, “The Next Doctor” then we then go to the 2009 Easter Special, “Planet of the Dead” from there we see “The Waters of Mars,” and ultimately, we are treated with a sad but wonderful two part Christmas/New Year’s Special, “The End of Time.”  When I was watching, The Waters of Mars and The End of Time, I'll admit that I did so while standing up, watching it two feet from the telly!<br /><br />So what's my beef as to why I give this box set three stars?<br /><br />EXTRAS!<br /><br />Since Doctor Who returned, each season has been jam-packed with extras, and commentaries became a standard. But this box set, which has all four stories for 2009, only has commentaries for the last story, The End of Time.<br /><br />So now I'm thinking, &#34;Did they not have time to do the other three? Realistically, they've had many months to do commentaries on these, and wrap up the whole package nicely. And don't you tell me they didn't do them because the individual shows were not finished. I have heard commentaries from previous seasons when the commentators stated that the show itself was not complete, but they were still doing the extra audio track for the fans. In fact, it was stated in The End of Time commentary that it was recorded before the show was broadcast.<br /><br />Additionally, I have heard a pod cast on line, which was basically a commentary, for The Waters or Mars, and yet this was not included as an extra. So they are additional extras out there, but not included. SHAME SHAME 2 entertain.<br /><br />And what about the Doctor Who Confidential which introduces Matt Smith? It was broadcast over a year before he took on the role. Are they going to wait until his first season is available before they release that as well?  So I’m really not seeing this as “COMPLETE” as the box claims.<br /><br />This box set does at least include:<br />Doctor Who at the Proms<br />Deleted scenes with introduction from Russell T. Davies<br />David Tennant Video Diaries: The Final Days<br />Doctor Who BBC Christmas idents<br />Doctor Who at Comic-Con<br />Un-cut Confidentials<br /><br />So, faithful viewers, I summarize by saying that my rating of three stars does not reflect these fantastic shows, but the lack of what we should get from PURCHASING them.<br /><br />In closing, if you simply want to watch the first three stories, bare bones, and the last one with some inside knowledge in the form of a commentary, and you want to see all their respective uncut Confidentials, this is perfect for you.  And the other few extras are a nice bonus, I’ll admit.  But for those fans who have been watching this exceptional programme for either a few years, or nearly five decades, and wish to continue experiencing more than the average viewer, then these so called “COMPLETE SPECIALS” are, in all honesty, less than “COMPLETE.”  While I would recommend this for all fans, I have to say that you are NIOT getting the most bang for your buck.
B000HEZF0O|3.0|I see a lot of glowing reviews here for the Mission Impossible Blu-ray set.  How?  Why?  Each disc in this set is encoded in MPEG-2 and with only a lossy DD 5.1 soundtrack.  So at best here, you're only getting an upscaled DVD transfer.  Well, not really, but more or less.  When these are remastered to MPEG-4/AVC with lossless DolbyTrue HD 5.1 tracks, then I'll buy.  Not before.
B00310UZC4|5.0|I loved this film. I have watched it several times since owning it. Some would disagree, but with any Quentin film, he is making what he thinks is great, and if you are on that wavelength, you're right there with him. I am an action lover and even the lack of anticipated action did very little to quash my love of this film. The characters and the tension in this movie where just too great.<br /><br />As for this product, the soundtrack wasn't all that great. While Q's music choices are genius in the context of the film, they rarely hold up when played alone. It's hard to listen to a scratchy 1940's song, then follow that up with an 80's David Bowie song.
B001F3DY9A|4.0|Okay, per my wife, this is a really great download, quality was good, music was awesone. . . Made the wife happy that I downloaded it for her!  Great price as well.  Taylor Swift has a great variety of music.  Wife was a little hesitate about the download thing, but worked out just great.  Would allow her to ask me to do it again, makes a great secret gift and downloads right to Itunes for her Iphone..
B002XMGGK6|3.0|This is a new take on an old story - an  honest man is cheated by the legal system and decides to take matters into his own hands.  The difference is that this time the citizen is taking on not only the bad guys but the lawyers and judges as well and it's all being done while he's sitting in prison.  Turns out the law abiding citizen is a CIA trained \\"brain\\" whose job in the past has been to figure out new ways to kill people.  Now he's using those skills to make the justice system do his bidding.    The idea is good but the execution is sloppy.  There's no depth to the characters.  You only get the most basic of looks into what makes them tick.  A great deal more time is spent on big explosions and other messy ways to kill people.    I think this is definitely more of a guy's movie although Jamie Fox and Gerard Butler do provide some nice eye candy for the ladies. If you're into movies like Die Hard, this one is for you.
1439130833|5.0|This book will change your life. Read, and use the daily teachings - they do work - just believe.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|SADE did it again.......  Another top notch album........  Her best???   NO  Sade has to go in different directions as a creator of music....  So she cannot always give us the same old same old or it would be the same old ......RIGHT???  She is the only performer (Singer/Songwriter) that in my opinion has produced albums in which EVERY SONG is a good one and this is no different!!!!!  KUDOS SADE.......  NOW QUITE SMOKING FOR GOD SAKE so we can enjoy you for many years to come!!!!!!!!!!!!
B002WCLG3O|5.0|I'm going to try to give as spoiler-free of a review as possible.    I've been apprehensive of Halo Legends since it was announced, and was nervous with the crazy Japanese getting a hold of the franchise.  When a few stories were put up on Waypoint, however, my concerns were diminished.  Seeing that Frankie (Frank O'Connor) had control over what was being done in Legends, it led me to give credence to what I was once doubtful of.  And I've read all novels, blogs, BWUs, and played each game so much that there is little I don't know.    Yes, there are quivering eyes, men with jaws too wide open, cheesy mid-action posing shots, and a couple other cliched anime items that slipped in, but if you look past these and accept them as artistic interpretation, you can see what is underneath and really appreciate the stories.  Elite's losing a pair of mandibles and seeing a female elite in the context of 'the Duel' chuckling like a school girl was probably the worst moment of this entire DVD.  With that said, this has given me MORE food to chew on than sinking feelings of Microsoft milking us all out of $20.    -The entire episode of Origins (Part 1 & 2) are pure gold.  We get our first glimpse of Forerunners, and witness the true power of the Flood, not constricted by the hardware of the 360 and polygon counts.  And they are scary.  This is easily the best offering of the entire DVD, and all of Cortana's monologue was written by Frankie himself.  Great stuff.    -Babysitter, Prototype, and Homecoming all feature similar-styled animation and actually decent storylines.  There are a few canonical things that I am curious of, but I'm sure have explanations.  One thing I am getting tired of is all of the suicide missions that these side stories keep telling.  It's getting a little too predictable (same as in Halo Evolutions).    -The Duel is a tough one.  I hated the animation style when I first put it on, but as it went along, I saw what the artists were going for and really appreciated it.  A very dark tone was needed, and this conveyed it perfectly.  Two things to note: elites without their top pair of mandibles in certain scenes is simply artistic interpretation, and the large hunters are entirely possible (as Frankie has said in response to this criticism).    -The Package is a unique one.  The visuals are amazing.  This is the first time we ever see Master Chief working with his Spartans as a team.  Highly disappointed that you witness some Spartans (the GREATEST military minds on the battlefield) die to some pretty stupid reasons.  Voice acting choice for the MC?  Terrible.  Overall very, very fun though.    -Odd One Out is just fun.  Watch it and enjoy it.  Reminds me of Dragonball Z, in a good way.    If you like Halo, buy it.  My fiance is somewhat interested in the Halo Universe, but this gives her a chance to really appreciate what the writers of the Halo Universe have made, and we both could appreciate it.
B003102JDM|2.0|A lot of words have been used to describe Joel and Ethan Coen's latest film:  dark, comedic, personal, philosphical, etc.  Here's another one:  pretentious; although I'm not sure that the Coen Brothers would be displeased with that description.  You have to respect the fact that they have made the movie that they wanted to with little regard to what critics or fans have to say.<br /><br />The movie focuses on Larry Gopnik, a physics professor living in Minnesotta in 1967 who finds himself the unwilling recipient of a number of crises.  His wife is leaving him, his brother is mooching off of him, his children have discipline problems and don't respect him, one of his students is trying to bribe him in order to receive a passing grade and he has neighbors who barely mask their contempt for his Jewish heritage.  In an attempt to try and find guidance and answers for what is happening, Larry seeks out the counsel of three rabbis.  Not surprisingly, they offer nothing other than glib generalizations that are meant to make them appear wiser than they really are.<br /><br />To me it seems that the main idea being tossed around here is the general randomness of life.  Why do bad things happen to decent people and do we have any control over what happens to us.  Larry's mantra seems to be \\"I didn't do anything\\", and indeed he is very passive throughout the entire film, looking to others for answers to his problems.  When he finally makes a decision in the films final act, even more bad luck seems to be dished out to him.  Why is Larry suffering?  Is it becasue of his lack of action?  Is he sealing his fate by accepting what happens to him?  Or does he have any control over his circumstances at all?  The movie offers no answers.<br /><br />Sounds profound, right?  The problem is that while it may sound interesting on paper, it fails miserably as a movie.  Things move at an unbearably slow pace despite the brief running time, nothing happens and there isn't a single character that you care enough about to pull you into the story.  So what we're left with is a film that will be disected and poured over for deeper meaning.  Entertaining and engaging the audience seems to have no purpose....much like the storm of catastrophies engulfing Larry.about to pull you into the story.  So what we're left with is a film that will be disected and poured over for deeper meaning.  Entertaining and engaging the audience seems to have no purpose....much like the storm of catastrophies engulfing Larry.
0385528752|5.0|Enjoyed? No. Loved? Yes! Have been sharing it with friends for days and find myself analyzing situations from a new perspective.    Was looking at it from three perspectives- a desire for personal change, a desire as a professional counselor to help others change, and a desire as an educator to help organizations change. Found answers for all three.    Most notable to me was the dominant mood of optimism throughout the book with respect to the fact that change is possible. Too often the \\"rider\\" side of us takes over and we reason our way out of change, especially when we think that change will be more painful than the current situation.    The Heaths dispel that notion with their innumerable real life examples of change which should serve as a motivation to the \\"elephant\\" side of all of us. They accurately point out that we make changes regularly and if we would use those as a guide, we would be able to make more changes. Unfortunately, we tend to dwell upon the changes that were not accomplished and think change is impossible.    Their 3 step approach provides a simple, but useful, framework to bringing about change.    Three key elements I have already used are the idea of removing barriers to change; recognizing that the middle of change may never look like what we thought it would look like; and that the path from hope to confidence is a u-shaped path that includes hardship, toil, and frustration before the insight comes that will give us confidence.  (I used that the U-shaped graph with my college English class in talking about writing a research paper.)    An excellent read with examples that can transfer to many fields.    Can't wait for their next one.    Highly recommend
1151097764|4.0|For decades I have been told I should read Bonfire, and I don't know why it took me more than twenty years to get around to it.  I lived in New York City throughout the 1980's (when I was in my twenties) and worked for both a Wall Street law firm and the District Attorney's Office, so the settings are very familiar, and I'm a Tom Wolfe fan, having read The Right Stuff and A Man in Full long ago.  Wolfe is in top form here, and his cynical, microscope's-eye view through the dozens of individual set pieces is amazing.  This book is a fabulous achievement.  Long as the book was, I couldn't get enough of it, and there is no doubt that this fiction contains a lot of truth.  So why only four stars?  Well, its \\"truthiness\\" (a phrase coined by Stephen Colbert that Tom Wolfe undoubtedly wishes he had come up with) is part of the problem, particularly with the African-American and female characters.  While the caricatures of black and female real-world actors (a thinly-veiled Al Sharpton, a real-estate-agent-I-have-known) are spot on, Wolfe nowhere conveys the essential humanity of either group: blacks are \\"the mob\\"--ignorant, manipulable, and dangerous, even if the victim of circumstance; women are shallow, defined completely by their sexual attractiveness and utterly dependent on the men.  Bad enough on its own, what makes this particularly problematic is that the \\"truthiness\\" of the work as a whole risks leaving these bogus stereotypes in the reader's mind as true as well.  It's all the worse because the book is so good.  (Also, only four stars because of the abrupt ending; in A Man in Full Wolfe carries his vision of masculinity and heroism through a remarkably similar story, but completes his vision with more of the resurrection of his \\"hero\\").
0156711427|3.0|I enjoyed the book; I found myself engrossed in the story and eager to find out the ending.  The 3 stars are more for character development.  Very few of the characters, or their relationships, were believable to me.  An example:  Aziz develops a deep affection and respect for Mrs. Moore -- feelings important to the overall plot -- however, they have only met maybe 3? times.  Ok, maybe Aziz is an open-hearted man but Mrs. Moore's son also says Mrs. Moore 'loved' Aziz.  For me, it required the willing suspension of disbelief.  Miss Quested's revelation about the case was surprising and not well explained.  Convenient, it seemed.  Even Aziz's and Fielding's friendship suddenly existed without much foundation amid a great deal of misunderstanding and awkwardness.    However, the picture the book paints of colonial India and the behavior of the British was fascinating.  I felt despair on behalf of Aziz and intense frustration and dislike of the ruling British.  The book certainly transported me, despite the issues I have with it.
B001KVZ6F2|4.0|I didn't see this movie as racist but story of a tired, aged, well-experienced man finding a purpose to his life at the end. It also shows the multi-cultural US in our times. Interaction between characters was interesting and it was surprisingly funny at times. Although some characters were too stereotyped (Walt's family, the goons, teen friends) ,  it worked for the rest of the story. The supporting characters were drawn well, the well-meaning but inexperienced priest, the babbling grandma, the dog, traditional mom. The sister's character was the brightest and added the pleasantness to the dark story. The quiet boy trying to stay away from trouble was admirable. I had hard time understanding what the brother and sister were saying, the speech wasn't very clear.     Clint Eastwood carries the movie alone and does it fabulously. I didn't see the twist at the end coming but I do wish it was more realistic in the line of the rest of the movie. But all in all it was a satisfying end. And a thoroughly enjoyable movie.
B00004YW6I|1.0|PJ Harvey's DRY is one of those raw, brilliant, primal, literate masterpieces, like... nothing else on this earth. You must hear it. I cannot recommend it enough. It will change your life, if you play it loud enough, while driving. It is awe-inspiring.<br />STORIES FROM THE CITY, in contrast, is about as musically appealing as lint on toast. It is the most rudimentary, 4/4, repetitive, dull, dull, and duller, dreary, mess of impossibly dull dreck. It lacks musical imagination. Poly-rhythms are gone in favor of an unchanging 4/4. The lack of variation is inexplicable. Melodies are 2-3 notes, boring as hell, and repeated ad nauseum. This is mad, mad horribleness, and it makes me shake my head. I've tried and tried to see what people like in this and I have failed. Bah.
B0015AARJI|1.0|I bought a DUALSHOCK controller and was sent a regular controller. I'm asking for my money back or they send the one I ordered
B00178JDCK|4.0|The Behringer RV600 isn't a top of the line pedal, but it offers much of what a top of the line pedal would at a fraction of the cost. It is plastic, but not cheaply made. It amply fills my parlor guitar needs and, frankly, I'd probably give it the benefit of the doubt for playing out. I believe that most guitarists would find this pedal a solid purchase.
B000002H48|1.0|I remember when this album was on the radio non-stop, and it was \\"hip\\" to be against nuclear power. Well, these political \\"experts\\" of showbiz got what they wanted. Nuclear power plants have been shut down, and no new ones have been built. And now we are abjectly dependent on foreign oil and \\"carbon footprint\\"-ing coal. Nice job, political geniuses! And now Obama, the king of the liberals, wants to fund two new reactors. Too little too late! We should have been \\"GO NUKES\\" for the past thirty years.
B000AM1TGC|5.0|The ONLY reason I don't put Voyage of the Acolyte on the same level of brilliance as the classic Genesis albums of the 70's is because the songwriting feels a bit on the simplistic side.   Highly enjoyable perhaps, but still, a bit too simple to be a major factor in the grand spectrum of prog rock.    I mean, it's very very easy getting into these songs, and it completely avoids any challenging moments you might have experienced with the multi-part Genesis tracks such as, say, \\"Supper's Ready\\".      Of course, there's a lot more to music than just being challenged all the time- I understand that.  With Genesis, and the key band members like Steve Hackett, there's also a really unique atmosphere to consider, which is something Voyage of the Acolyte has plenty of- beautiful, beautiful atmosphere... and songwriting.  Instantly memorable songs.      This is the kind of solo album I'd expect from a member of Genesis- a spiritual journey through the mind, and well-written, memorable songs.  This album rules.  The inclusion of a female opera singer on the closing track is something I can't recall having ever experienced before on a 70's album- at least, not with a voice *that* heavenly.  I know where Nightwish got their influence from!  I recommend a purchase of this album right after purchasing everything Genesis has done in the 70's and 80's.
0553381687|4.0|Wow, 1600 reviews?  What can I say that hasn't already been said?  I like this book.  The pages turn quickly.  Despite being very well written, I find it it overrated.  Here are a few pros and cons from just one little measly reader.<br /><br />CONS (Hopefully your a bad news first type personality)<br /><br />*  Too many characters.  If you are a world champion chess player and have a photographic memory, you'll love this book.  If you are in the early stages of Alzheimer's, steer clear.  The lesser characters are too many and poorly developed.<br />*  Too long. (Maybe none of the pages were wasted.  But I don't care how good the movie is, if it is a 4.5 hour film, it is just too long.  Same with 800+ pages.<br />*  No magic.  Or, very, very little.  I mean, this is more like beauty and the beast, only less magic than even that.  And, without a talking lion.<br />*  Medieval Europe.  I mean, I am so sick and tired of this setting I could puke!  Aaa;lgh.  Would someone please create me a new world?  I haven't read a good world since the Death Gate Cycle.  Puke!<br /><br />PROS<br /><br />*  Pages read quickly, thanks to lots of excitement.<br />*  Well written, if you like \\"yes milord\\" verbiage.  Even if not, the author paints a vivid scene that even I enjoyed.<br />*  The main characters are well developed, both male and female.<br />*  A wide variety of characters, the manly man, the bitchy princess, the tomboy, the warrior, the priests, the eunichs, you get the idea.  And the main characters are very believable.
B00122RBW0|4.0|Enya's style is one I can listen to without it getting on my nerves.  I like the tone of her voice, the quiet, calm music.
B001DJLD1M|4.0|Very friendly and quick.  Not the best quality disk (dvd) but I don't think the sellers knew that.  Be sure to check merchandise before labeling it as 'like new'.
B002VECM4A|1.0|What an overated film. I had pretty high expectations about this one but was very disapointed. I didn't feel any empathy for Precious as she was wholy unlikeable. For a far superior film with a similar theme try \\"Bastard out of Carolina\\"<br /><br />I really hope that the Academy don't feel the need to award this film anything, nothing special at all. Sorry to say as I'm open to moving films but this one didn't move me an inch.<br /><br />And what an annoyingly pretentious title to plug the book.
0142501123|5.0|Today, I read this book for the 1st time to my 3 year old grandson and immediately ordered it to give to 5 friends who are also grandmothers!  The rhymes are catchy; the illustrations are clever, colorful, and just plain fun to look at; the vocabulary is not dumbed down; the theme is meaningful: becoming a friend and BEING a friend, and my grandson was mesmerized and not frightened.
B002PMV9FG|1.0|I won't waste my time on this review; doubtless the only people watching it are Potter fans like me and they're going to watch it no matter what I say.  However, I feel it necessary to pitch in that this movie is hot garbage.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Avatar............ a cross between The Matrix, Fern Gulley and the book (The Island) by Aldous Huxley.
B0007XAWB2|3.0|Overall the book was decent.  I was not WOW'd by the book.  I'm a big Bernard Cornwell fan and I became interested in O'Brian after reading Sharpe's Trafalgar (which I highly recommend).  Many reviews criticize the use of nautical terms, but I did something crazy and got the book \\"A Sea of Words\\" which can be used to assist with the understanding of nautical terms.  \\"A Sea of Words\\" is also useful in reading C.S. Foresters Hornblower series in case anyone's interested in those books.  Anyway, it's amazing how a little research can shed light on a tiny thing like a nautical expression.      My problem with this book was the flow.  The book seemed to be written in segments that didn't connect very well.  That is to say, O'Brian didn't transition well from one scene in the book to the next.  I found that to be kind of frustrating and I would go back to make sure I didn't miss something.  Towards the end I got used to O'Brian's style and I do plan on moving forward and reading \\"Post Captain\\".      If you're willing to use \\"A Sea of Words\\" or other reference to help with the nautical terminology I recommend reading this book.  If you're a passive reader then I recommend you stay away from it.  I'm in the middle of the first book in the Hornblower series, \\"Mr. Midshipmen Hornblower\\" and I've found it to be a much more smooth read; so give Hornblower a chance if you find O'Brian to be too much.
B002VLNB1Q|2.0|Pretty disappointed in this CD.  I always expect to find several songs that I can either directly relate to (Stop this Train)with a strong emotion or where I can marvel at how he puts the words together (My Stupid Mouth).  All I seem to find here is songs about a guy who can't (or won't) hold onto a girl.  A few songs are catchy but nothing more.  Will have to think long and hard about purchasing his next CD
B0001VV1GK|4.0|Major component to the wooden Plan City ensemble. Cleverly designed, be prepared to spend up to an hour assembling it. Vendor delivery was quick.
0060825456|5.0|[[ASIN:0060825456 Coraline: The Graphic Novel]]    I purchased this book for my grandson's 7th birthday.  He reads far above his usual age ability, and is in first grade.  I love all the Neil Gaiman books I have read, and the first one of these I got was a hard back without the graphics.  When it came in, I was quite disappointed as I realized quickly that it was not something he would enjoy without the graphics.  I then went back and purchased the graphic novel which is much more appropriate, and he would like it much more.  His mother, however, when she looked at it decided that it should wait for another year as it is quite scary.  I loved the Coraline story, and I will give it to him another time when he will properly appreciate it.  I purchased The Wolves in the Walls, another Neil Gaiman, for him instead and it was well received.
B00081ELHY|3.0|I bought this in vinyl as it is a recording that I enjoyed as a CD and I've been repurchasing some things in vinyl. While promoted as an audiophile vinyl product, it's a crappy Capitol pressing, punched off center, with poorly finished edges and label. Bad handling and packaging of vinyl by Amazon makes it all worse. FAIL.
B001C46P2K|4.0|I loved the movie - all the performers shine - but Emily Blunt makes this movie and is so more deserving than certain others who were nominated --  cannot wait to see this on Blu-Ray.
0756405890|5.0|Kvothe (pronounced like 'quothe') is a hero of mythic proportions. Ask any man or child and they can easily tell you a story about Kvothe's time at the University, how he burned an entire town down, or how his music could make grown men weep like babies.    But for some reason this heroic legend has hidden himself far away in small town with only his faithful apprentice Bast as a reminder of times past; styling himself as Kote the common innkeeper, and seemingly ready to forget anything concerning his past. It's not until the arrival of Chronicler, a professional story teller, who convinces Kvothe to record his life story that Kvothe begins to resemble the man of the countless stories. What follows is the tale of a young boy - a genius actually - who not only succeeds but excels at any task laid before him. Music, acting, horsemanship, magic. Then onto his early unorthodox education under a master who recognizes his true potential and his eventual admission to the prestigious Arcanum at the tender age of 15. While at the University, he quickly makes friends and enemies and continues to ruffle more than a few feathers with his quick wit and natural intelligence.    Okay, admittedly that is a pretty tame explanation of Patrick Rothfuss' stunning debut The Name of the Wind. Set to be the first book in trilogy called the Kingkiller Chronicle, Rothfuss has created a masterpiece epic to tell the story of his intensely driven and highly intelligent Kvothe. Rothfuss takes his time developing characters and lays such a solid foundation of world-building and backstory that I quickly began to trust him wholly as an author. Additionally, how hard is it to keep two equally entertaining yet disparate story lines going at the same time? Not easy, let me tell you. And yet Rothfuss easily juggles two distinct stories: a third-person account of Kvothe the innkeeper relating his story to Chronicler and a first-person account of Kvothe's life.    Furthermore, no review of The Name of the Wind would be complete without mention of Patrick Rothfuss' mind-boggling prose. Don't misunderstand, the story itself is unforgettable but the writing is what really makes this book stand head and shoulders above the crowd. Rothfuss knows his way around a pen for sure. His perfectly accurate descriptions of love, friendship, the desire for education, the thirst for revenge, or even a seemingly mundane sketch of a cloak mold into something much greater than your generic epic fantasy. Seemingly small, yet astoundingly complex details allow the story to become accessible to any reader ready to invest themselves into Kvothe's story. And that's what The Name of the Wind should be viewed as: an investment. It's long (over 700 pages) but once you take the time to settle into Kvothe's story, you are rewarded with superb passages that had me laughing out loud and even bursting into tears a mere 50 pages into Kvothe's tale. That is an impressive feat I tell you. I can't tell you how giddy I am over this book - it seems like I've been recommending it to everyone (including perfect strangers) and for good reason.    The Name of the Wind is one of those stories I can rely on to develop at its own, calculated pace. It immediately becomes obvious to any reader that Rothfuss has a plan: for Kvothe, for the Chronicler, and for his readers. Little clues are dropped along the way, allowing you glimpses into the man that has become the legend but readers will have to wait patiently for the highly anticipated sequel for more of Kvothe. That said: I have absolutely no hesitation saying I know the next installment, The Wise Man's Fear, will be just as astounding as its predecessor. Rothfuss takes his time and I'm sure he will continue to deliver a great story. It's just the waiting for its release that's going to give me an anxiety attack.
0066620996|5.0|Although Jim Collins' Built to Last was a well researched book with outstanding concepts, Good to Great builds on them so significantly that it truly is a quantum step beyond.  Good to Great explores what it takes to really develop a business team which will produce results far and beyond the typical.  It puts the burden on the leader in a practical but tough way. As a business leader, this book made me rethink everything I was doing.    Good to Great does two things extremely well.  First, all of the points are backed up by data.  Just like his first book, the author uses extensive analysis of companies to identify 19 companies that are truly great.  Although time has affected some of these, the long-term principles do not.  Second, he boils down the principles of leadership and team dynamics to some simple, practical, but lofty targets.      This book defines what can make a great company.
0385528752|5.0|I am a big fan of the Heath brothers' first book [[ASIN:1400064287 Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die]] and I am happy to report that they have stepped up to the plate and hit another home run.  As a writer and someone who works for social change, I found \\"Switch\\" to be even more engaging and applicable to my own work.    In \\"Switch,\\" the Heaths once again take the kernel of a good idea originated by someone else and build an expansive original work around it.  In \\"Made to Stick\\" that kernel was Malcolm Gladwell's concept of \\"stickiness,\\" what makes ideas memorable.  In \\"Switch\\" the core is psychologist and [[ASIN:0465028020 The Happiness Hypothesis]] author Jonathan Haidt's analogy for the mind: that the emotional side of our mind is like a headstrong Elephant, and the rational side of our mind is the guiding Rider.  The Rider holds the reins and seems to be the leader, but we all know what it's like for an emotional Elephant to overpower a rational Rider.  (For example, this is why many of us would say that a pint of Ben & Jerry's ice cream should be labeled one serving and not four.  Once a worked up Elephant digs in, the Rider has a hard time reining her in.  Um, speaking hypothetically, of course.)    Add in the third element to this framework, the Path, and you have three elements that can be worked on to address change.  \\"Switch\\" addresses each of these elements in detail; Directing the Rider, Motivating the Elephant, and Shaping the Path, bringing in research-tested solutions and real-world success stories.  What I liked best was the simplicity of many of the examples.  To encourage people to \\"eat healthier,\\" an initiative that could go in so many directions, rather than doing something complicated like following an illogically-designed government \\"Food Pyramid,\\" a West Virginia initiative instead encouraged people to take one step, to buy 1% or skim milk.  That is simple, and creates change at the level of purchasing behavior rather than altering drinking or eating behavior.  (If the Ben & Jerry's isn't in the freezer in the first place, the Rider doesn't have to worry about controlling the Elephant.)  And by narrowing the change down to one action, that eliminated choice paralysis and ambiguity that arise with more complicated directives.    \\"Switch\\" is a book for anyone from the grassroots, to cubicle nation, to CEOs.  Most of the examples consciously focus on people who needed to effect significant change with little power and few resources available to them.  How could a low-level NGO employee make a difference in alleviating the malnourishment of Vietnamese children, in only six months?  By finding \\"bright spots,\\" identifying children who were thriving, finding out what their mothers were doing differently, and spreading that knowledge to other families.  Stories like this are both inspiring and practical for all of us.  This is really what I appreciated most about \\"Switch.\\"  I found myself taking notes that were not only about the book itself, but about how I could apply this knowledge to challenges I am working on.  The Elephant-Rider-Path metaphor helped me see my own work in a new light.  What more can a reader ask for?
0977326403|4.0|I am simply a volunteer in the non-profit sector, so that might have affected my perception of this supplement to Jim Collins' outstanding book but it seemed a bit short of the incredible insight of his book.  Maybe I just expected a whole lot more or maybe it needed a bit more collaboration (with those in non-profits) or the kind of research that went into Good to Great or Built to Last.  I would say this book will confirm what experienced social sector leaders already know and act as a good discussion guide for leaders in the social sector to use when bringing Good to Great to their teams.
B002YIHO7I|4.0|A decade-long recording drought has not diminished the seductive power of Sade, a quiet-storm English R&B band fronted by its effortlessly stylish namesake, the glamorous Nigerian-born vocalist/composer who at 51, manages to transcend musical trends in favor of her singularly consistent sound. A strumming guitar and high-pitched keyboard whistle provide an atmospheric entry point for her unmistakable voice on the yearning opening track, \\"The Moon and the Sky\\". The title tune follows with a surprisingly military tone of defiance to go along with the survivalist lyrics and chant-like chorus. It's a more aggressive approach than we are used to from the sultry songstress, but the song's sharper edges suit her particular style well at this point in her career.<br /><br />The pretty but stark \\"Morning Bird\\" feels like an inchoate mood piece and could have used a stronger narrative framework to make the song resonate more. On the other hand, \\"Babyfather\\" has a loping, reggae-driven beat that perfectly matches the power of paternal love expressed in the choruses. \\"Long Hard Road feels like a welcome throwback to her [[ASIN:B000051XX7 Diamond Life]] days with mournful strings adding weight to its message of guarded hopefulness, while \\"Be That Easy\\" strolls along on a bluesy country twang to accompany the lovelorn story of delusion being expressed. Switching continents for inspiration, the band gives \\"Bring Me Home\\" a somewhat Middle East mystique that underlines the emotional desperation in the words.<br /><br />\\"In Another Time\\" has a retro-Motown feel about it, especially pronounced with the soft wail of Stuart Matthewman's saxophone in the final passage. Somewhat related, the intriguing \\"Skin\\" appears to be a veiled tribute to Michael Jackson, although the propulsive yet lilting tone belies the somewhat critical nature of Sade's message to her late friend. \\"Safest Place\\" brings the disc to a fitting conclusion with Sade singing of surviving the slings and arrows of a failed love. She most definitely proves her case as a soldier of love as well as a smooth operator in this immaculate production. Her voice and music cannot help but express the world-weariness of a woman who refuses to give into excessive emotionalism above the surface. On this 2010 recording, she continues to be a model of reclusive calm, and we wouldn't want to experience her any other way.st definitely proves her case as a soldier of love as well as a smooth operator in this immaculate production. Her voice and music cannot help but express the world-weariness of a woman who refuses to give into excessive emotionalism above the surface. On this 2010 recording, she continues to be a model of reclusive calm, and we wouldn't want to experience her any other way.
1847242537|1.0|I have to wonder if anybody would read these Stieg Larsson books if he was still alive. His delivering 3 manuscripts and promptly dying made for juicy back-story, a ready-made PR campaign. Did he work himself to death? Was there foul play? That story might be interesting, but his book is not. It's full of basic construction problems, cliche writing, and the ending was just plain silly. It is a disappointment, because the set-up was indeed intriguing. Salander could be a fascinating character. But in the end, a mystery is only as good as its plot, and this one does not hold water. I won't bother with the other two books in the series.
B002WY65VU|2.0|This movie had a lot going for it (funny title, interesting trailers, good cast) and I really expected to like it. From a slow start it staggered along like the zombies in the story, never interesting enough to make me care about the characters or what would happen next. If you have to see it, then rent it or borrow it but don't buy it until you are sure you like it. You may not.
B000H3096A|5.0|Let me add another 5 stars for this wonderful recording, although there's not much I can add to the fine reviews already posted below.<br /><br />What astonishes & delights me is the sheer range of this collection, from the fiery \\"Aquarian Moon\\" to the hauntingly lovely \\"Bouquet,\\" from the jaunty Latin \\"Rojo\\" to the percussive puncuation of \\"Omen.\\" While always melodic, there's no lack of energy here -- \\"ferocity\\" isn't a word I'd normally apply to the vibes, but you can't deny the electrifying power at play here, especially interwoven with Herbie Hancock's piano & Joe Chambers' drums. Bob Cranshow on bass completes the quartet, and he's just as masterful.<br /><br />I'm a relative newcomer to jazz, still with a lot to learn -- but even a novice like myself can recognize such stunning musical quality, which has me listening to this CD over & over. And you can't deny the eye-catching impact of that gorgeous 60s cover art!<br /><br />Highly recommended!
B000FA5TTW|1.0|I really can't stand topics like this and Alice Sebold really takes the cake with her novels. They are horribly depressing. This book in particular. I mean, child rape and murder is such a horrid topic but the fact that the guy gets away with it in the end is what really ticks me off. I sat around with this book hoping for justice, and it just didn't come. I feel like I wasted my time with horrible subject matter only to be utterly let down in the end. Reading this book is like hearing nails on a chalkboard; excruciating. Unfortunately, a relative thought I liked this author and I read her next book too. Equally awful and depressing.
0439023491|3.0|Catching Fire is the second book in The Hunger Games trilogy by Suzanne Collins.  I recently read and reviewed The Hunger Games and was anxious to read Catching Fire. This book picks up where the Hunger Games left off but I found that it wasn't as engrossing and compelling as The Hunger Games. I know that some fans will disagree but for me, this book didn't have the excitement and draw that The Hunger Games had for me. I found the beginning slow and didn't like that the story of Peeta and Katniss's return to District 12 was told as a flashback through Katniss's eyes. I wanted to know exactly what happened when she returned and what Gayles reaction was immediately to her and Peeta's declaration of love in the hunger games. The way the story is told was disapointing to me and I felt more disconnected from the characters as a reader. The story does pick up as things drastically change in the next Hunger Games as unrest and uprisings continue in the districts. This book is more focused on the policital unrest and Katniss's love triangle between Peeta and Gale. Although, this book definitely focused more on Peeta, I would have liked more dialogue and contact between Gale and Katniss.  With that said, I liked the book but not as much as The Hunger Games. I found it lacking that spark of excitement that I had when reading The Hunger Games and the ending leaves you hanging. With that said, I think that in this series the first book and the last will probably be the better ones of the series as they have so much to explore to set the story and then to end the story.  Now, we all have to wait until August to read the final book of The Hunger Games.
B00013F38K|4.0|I bought season one for my husband for his birthday since he remembered it fondly from his younger years.  He loves it!  And guess what, my 16 year old daughter and her friends love it too!  The acting is corny, of course, but it's still fun to watch.  The recurring theme for just about every episode is stupid Caucasian cowboys bullying weaker person, usually of a different race or ethnicity or handicapped in some way and non-violenct hero Caine intercedes on their behalf and is forced to kick their sorry butts, all accompanied by flashbacks to young \\"Grasshopper\\" Caine learning a Shaolin priest lesson, which vaguely applies to the episode.  My daughter thinks it's amazing how many fights such a non-violent guy gets in to.  These days all those fights would definitely go on his permanent record.      I will be buying Season Two for the next gift-giving holiday.  The videography/editing was fine for our plebian tastes.  Time for you to leave!
B002RSDW80|4.0|I had read the book the movie is based on with the same title Julie & Julia by Julie Powell last summer before the movie was released. The movie blends the story of Julie Powell and Julia Child's life as told in the book My Life in France by Julia Child. I haven't read Julia Child's book yet. The best part of the movie for me was Meryl Streep's portrayal of Julia Child. Her acting was superb and she was very believable and I enjoyed the focus on her life. I didn't realize that she was such a passionate woman and had a very strong marriage. Stanley Tucci played the role of her husband which made for great chemistry between the two.       In all honesty, I enjoyed the parts focusing on Julia more than the focus on Julie. Since I had read the book, I was familiar with the story of Julie's project to make all the recipes in Julia Child's cookbook, Mastering the Art of French Cooking. She would do this in a year and write about her experiences in a blog. As a blogger, I loved this part and I think most bloggers would as well. The focus she had on wanting to know that there were actually people reading her blog, the excitement when she got her first comments and the realization that she had readers that supported her and were interested in reading her blog posts. Amy Adams portrayed Julie's anxieties and emotional side quite well. Although, I found her a bit too sweet compared to what I perceived of Julie through reading her book.       The food and cooking was another highlight of this movie. I enjoy foodie books and movies so I enjoyed the focus on food and cooking. I would definitely recommend this fun and enjoyable movie to foodies and bloggers and fans of Julia Child and Meryl Streep.
0393316041|3.0|Feynman's apparent adoration of himself and his works lead me to suspect the veracity of his anecdotes. This book was a fun little read, perfect for a long plane trip, just don't expect any earth-shattering ideas or even much in the way of physics.<br /><br />I agree with the other reviewers: Feynman was deeply insecure and needed recognition more than most geniuses, but I'm not sure how much that takes away from this work. Rather, the affected naivete and fourth-grade writing style made it a bit difficult to stomach at times. But who expects concise, vibrant prose from a physicist? This is not a field known for producing literary masterpieces.<br /><br />Towards the end of the book, Feynman sheds some light on the Manhattan Project in his account of the physics programs at Los Alamos base. In a post-911 world, it is fascinating to learn just how lax nuclear security was in the 1940s. You might want to simply skip to those chapters.
1416594787|2.0|It is easy to understand why most committed evolutionists (though not all) would give this book a 5 star rating. Certainly when Richard Dawkins is describing biological processes his passion comes through quite clearly. In parts I quite enjoyed reading this book, but in other parts I found his writing rather laboured and tedious. Overall as far as the purpose of the book to show the evidence for evolution, I found it weak and unconvincing. I pick out a few examples below.    In the first few chapters he talks about cross breeding of dogs, cabbages and such like and enthuses about the amount of change that can be brought about in a relatively short space of time. However the one fact that stands out is that whether we have a Great Dane or a Chihuahua they are both undoubtedly still dogs. Also of course intelligent action or design is involved in this process. If this is what evolution is all about, then who needs convincing since we see this sort of adaption (micro evolution ) going on around us all the time.    Dawkins then goes on to talk about various mutualistic symbiotic relationships (though he doesn't call them that) and refers to these as having \\"co-evolved.\\"  He gives no evidence to support this but just assumes that that is what happened, irrespective of the many obvious difficulties that this presents. Of course the concept that such relationships might have been purposefully designed is anathema to him.    He spends quite a lot of time explaining Lenski's experiments with e-coli. This was one of the parts I quite enjoyed and found really interesting. Ultimately after about 40,000 generations we have a mutation or double mutation as Dawkins avers, but I failed to see what he was so excited about. The end result was still an e-coli. It was interesting to read one review here on  Amazon by Sumimus \\"sumimus\\" who disputes much of what Dawkins states to be fact. He wrote in his review, \\"Dawkins' explanations are too biased and full of rhetoric hiding the fact that the experiment has not shown the \\"creative power\\" of random mutations and selection. Dawkins is fabricating evidence.\\"     Regarding fossil evidence Dawkins paints a picture such that one could imagine that we have an almost complete set of transitional fossils clearly showing evolutionary development. There are a number of beautiful coloured photographs in the book, but only two showing fossils. One of these is of Tiktaalik and the other of \\"Ida.\\"  If what Dawkins claims is true and can be seen in any natural history museum, then why not show a series of photographs to illustrate this? To me this section of the book was just a propaganda exercise.  In spite of what he says, elsewhere in this book he speculates on human ancestory and suggests that man and chimps have common ancestory but the common ancestor was probably more like a chimp than a human.  Where then is the fossil evidence which would do away with the speculation?    In respect of DNA  Dawkins once stated that the genetic code is uncannily like a computer (code). Bill Gates adds his observation that it is far far more advanced than anything created by man.  Now the obvious conclusion is that intelligence was required to create this, but Dawkins launches on a ridiculous analogy to compare the operation of DNA to a flock of starlings following what he calls local rules. He goes to great lengths to obfuscate the issue to try to avoid any possibility of thinking that intelligence was involved. I am in the process of reading the much maligned Dr. Stephen Meyer's book \\"Signature in the cell\\" where he goes into careful explanation of the discovery of DNA and the unravelling of its code. He considers the various scientific research programmes which have been going on for many years to try to discover the origin of life. Dawkins has hopes of the \\"RNA world\\" proving success in this area but the difficulties so far have proved insurmountable and eventually as Meyer suggests there is only one really feasible answer left. He presents solid arguments for  an intelligent mind behind this code while carefully considering alternatives that have been proposed. For those whose normal response is to rubbish any consideration of ID, I would recommend reading Stephen Meyer's book for a scientific understanding of the issues involved.    For the sake of space I will curtail this review.  I would encourage people to read this book whatever worldview you hold, since by looking at both sides of an argument you at least have the chance to get a balanced perspective.  Currently there are basically two world views:-    1. Many multiplied mutations of mindless matter miraculously manufactured man.  2. In the beginning was God...all things were made by Him and without nothing was made that was made. In Him was life.. John 1: 1-4
B001437DMA|5.0|Some of the reviews here made me hesitant to buy this album but I bought it anyway. This is classic Satch and, like all of his albums, there are some so-so tunes and the occasional self-indulgent solos but hey, that's Satch! This is deserves five stars, not four.
0553328255|5.0|These are classic stories - all in one massive volume.  Arthur Conan Doyle never disappoints.  I highly recommend for any mystery reader.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|The Lovely Bones was an amazing book.  Being written in the point of view of the young girl who was murdered was very powerful.  Few novels have actually made me cry but this one did.  This is one of those novels that can be read again and again where you can take something away from it each time.
B0030BOCEG|2.0|H.I.M. hmmmm what to say???!!!, no good comments to this new album, the same for me, old H.I.M.'s stuff was the the best for me, now Girly Rock Pop Stuff, good for them pockets!!.    Before H.I.M. - His Infernal Majesty  Now H.I.M. - His Interest (in) Money
0061537969|5.0|Unlike a few of the excellent reviewers, I AM an animal lover, most especially a DOG-lover, so I was skeptical about the author's ability to impart the \\"dogness\\" of the narrator with qualities that belong in an adult novel.  It's one thing to be able to write a Charlotte's Web or Stuart Little-type of book, quite another for an adult audience.  Garth Stein successfully infused Enzo with a pet's sensitivity, compassion, an acute power of observation, and a life philosophy we would all do well to adopt.  The racing metaphors were spot on, the descriptions of the dog's aches and pains brought me back to the maladies of my own dogs, and the story of Enzo's human family saga was touching, at times humorous, and more often than not, had me reaching for my box of tissues.  All in all, a highly satisfying read that I will be purchasing for our high school library!  One minor quibble: why didn't they use a dog who looked like Enzo for the cover?  Ah well...
B002RVZV9K|3.0|The idea of this movie is a good one: explore the enduring appeal of the electric guitar through interviews and interaction with three guitar greats.<br /><br />In practice, however, the film is curiously flat and offers little illumination on the subject.<br /><br />The problem is, of the three players interviewed, Jimmy Page and The Edge are more interesting when they're playing than when they're talking, and Jack White is more interesting talking than playing.  None of the three here is really captivating in both capacities.<br /><br />I tried thinking what other players would have excelled both at playing and revealing insights about the allure and their own mastery of electric guitar.  Some names that came to mind, after much thought, were John Fogerty, the Boss, Chuck Berry, Neil Young, Pete Townshend, Les Paul, B.B. King (with Lucille), and maybe Jeff Beck, Eric Clapton, or Buddy Guy.<br /><br />Fans of Page, Edge, and White will enjoy their idols' segments here, but those seeking fresh revelations about the electric gee-tar will find considerably more inspiration watching the DVD of one of Eric Clapton's Crossroads Festivals.<br /><br />It must be said, however, that the moment when Page rips into the intro of \\"Whole Lotta Love\\", while Edge and White look on in wonder, is something to see...
B002QGUFWE|5.0|It has been a very, very, VERY long time since a musician has come along and had this type of impact on me. In my lifetime, there have been exactly four artists who have impacted me in terms of their music and/or artistic expression:    1) Michael Jackson (There will never be another. I am beyond words to express his impact on my life)  2) Madonna   3) Britney Spears  4) Lady Gaga    Gaga comes along at a time when she is needed most desperately. For the most part, music has lost its individuality, it's ability to tell stories and transport you to another place and time. To allow you to be yourself and engage your imagination. Gaga is such a true artist in every sense of the word. She's not only a beautifully classically trained singer, she's also a song-writer, a composer, an entertainer, a performance artist, a fashionista, a visionary. She has that je ne sais quois that everyone wants but very few are gifted with.     For those of you who aren't familiar with her, her sound is not tied down by the constraints of one particular genre which is very rare and entirely refreshing. Sure, you are probably most acquainted with her entrancing dance tracks. \\"Just Dance\\" was her first big hit. She followed that up with \\"Poker Face\\", which was THE anthem for 2009. But she is more than those songs; so much more.     Just pop in disc 1 (The Fame Monster) to get a sampling of what this incredible musician has to offer. There's a little something on here for everyone. There's of course the wonderful Chart-topper \\"Bad Romance\\" (my favorite of the radio releases). There is \\"Alejandro\\", which has a bit of a smooth latin groove to it. There are her hypnotic dance tracks (\\"Monster\\", \\"Dance in the Dark\\", \\"Telephone\\" featuring Beyonce, \\"So Happy I could Die\\"). Then, there are my two hands-down favorites: \\"Speechless\\" (this song is so classic and beautiful I can't stop listening to it) and \\"Teeth\\", beyond unique and I can't get that beat out of my head (the rhythmic drum entrances me).Of course, Disc 2 (The Fame) is her first CD re-released with the 8 new tracks to create The Fame Monster. On here you will find all of her biggest hits: \\"Poker Face\\", \\"Love Game\\", \\"Just Dance\\", and \\"Papparazzi\\". But don't discount some of the other gems here. There's a bit of vintage disco-feel in the title song \\"The Fame\\". There's even an in-the-rough ballad in \\"Brown Eyes\\".     To summarize, this is one of the best albums in the last decade. Not since Michael Jackson's \\"Invincible\\" and Britney's \\"In The Zone\\" and \\"Circus\\" has any one CD shown so much creativity and individuality, in my opinion.    Censored or not, I don't care. This is a CD for the ages. This is one Lady who is, I pray, here to stay for a very long time.
0061119725|2.0|The text of this book is educational. Children are taught both the names of certain types of animals as well as body parts, and it's interactive. \\"I am a giraffe and I bend my neck. Can you do it?\\"    However, Eric Carle's style of illustrating is very distinctive.  Some people really love his illustrations, but I find them very bright and garish.  Also, with the illustrations not being highly realistic, recognizing Eric Carle's camel or gorilla doesn't necessarily mean a child would recognize a real one, which negates some of the educational value.    Being an educational book isn't enough for me to rate it highly.  It has to be read and listened to for there to be any value.  This is not a book that my 5.5, 3.5, or 2 year-old bring to me.  So, apparently, it's not a favorite of theirs.  I don't care for it, but there are tons of educational books that I like much better and am thrilled to read to my children.      This was a gift, so I didn't have any choice.  But, I remember buying an Eric Carle book years ago because of glowing recommendations, and then disliking it greatly (and again, my kids didn't ever bring it to me like their favorites).  So, I want to make sure that my view is shared, for those who are going to be in the minority like me :-)    If you like Eric Carle books, then there's no reason to not like this one.  If you've never seen his books, I would recommend looking at one in person before purchasing.  Everyone has their own preferences and styles.  To each his own!
0674032810|5.0|I do not always read introductions. I test read, then decide. This time I read the introduction, and it is worth while, because it gets you into the right time, makes you understand what a big step his findings were for Darwin, who was by no means an atheist.  The Origin of Species itself is, of course,[[ASIN:0674032810 The Annotated Origin: A Facsimile of the First Edition of On the Origin of Species]] in a language that may be a little antiquated for us nowadays. On the other hand it was intended for a scientific audience, and it is still well readable (try reading legal texts). What makes it really great is the accompanying text by James T. Costa. WIth \\"footnotes\\" in the right places (right beside the relevant passage in the text, so no bothersome where is it, or even smaller print) he gives insights, explanations and background that provide some \\"yes, of course\\", or \\"I never realized that, thought about that, did not know that\\" moments. All too often we think about past things from our point of view, forgetting there was no internet, TV.... For instance I would have assumed that Darwin would have known about Gregor Mendel.  I do confess that in parts, like where Darwin explains about species and sub species, I read diagonally.  This book is like a well set table, with food well served, you just sit down and eat.  I just wish there were more books like this, I really enjoyed reading it and found it very interesting.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief vividly illustrates the very best and the very worst in us, the soaring heights of the daily happiness of life and the drowning feeling of grief in sudden loss. Zusak manages this without the reader (or at least this reader) feeling manipulated. He puts forth a powerful message of living life in the present, of realizing that happiness happens everyday in so many small ways, by showing time and again how everything can change in an instant. Beautifully written.
0446677450|4.0|Good easy read. Lots of interesting perspective on how to view money and wealth. Lots of ego stroking by the author telling the reader how great he is, but once you get past that some good information.
0545123267|4.0|Beautifully written. Shiver is what Twilight could have been with better writing, fully developed characters, and believable emotional development.
2839905809|5.0|I am using the book content for consulting work and undergraduate education since 2007 (Alex Osterwalder's Thesis). The authors provide a very useful framework and methodology that helps managers with a business, engineering and design background to systematically and holistically design a broad range of differentiated business models.<br /><br />Now some concrete points that speak about the benefits of the 2009 edition of Business Model Generation<br />- The business model canvas section guides the reader through the general structural elements of a business.<br />- The business model patterns inspire the reader to generate ideas that have the potential improve or disrupt traditional business models.<br />- The sections are completed with material that guide the business model generator through the process of understanding customer's needs and collaborate effectively in the idea-generation process.<br />- Finally, the strategy section will help you to assess and redesign your business model. The beauty of this chapter is that it links several traditional frameworks and methodologies to the business model canvas. This makes the business model generation and improvement process much more transparent.<br /><br />UNDERSTAND, EXPLORE, DESIGN BETTER BUSINESS MODELS<br />Overall, I would say that the book serves amazingly well to multidisciplinary teams as it serves as a useful vocabulary that crosses organizational boundaries and silos. Based on this common ground, the different experts should then explore further, more specific material (Delta Model by Arnoldo Hax, Leading the Revolution by Gary Hammel, Innovator's Guide to Growth by Skarzynski et al, What Customers Want by Anthony Ulwick, Game-Changing Strategies by Constantino Markides, etc.) and share the insights in form of the business model canvas.
0679735909|5.0|How have I never read Byatt before? She rivals Toni Morrison for prose, attention to detail, and emotional complexity of characters. Absolutely breathtaking. I find myself seriously contemplating the book days after I've finished it. I cannot recommend this book highly enough.
0385528752|5.0|For the last five months I have been working on growing my people managing skills.  While at a leadership conference I heard a very inspiring quote from Dave Ramsey, \\"The problem with your business, is yourself.\\"  As Vice President of a family business and the eventual person to ultimately take over someday.  I realized I need to be much better at everything that I can be.    This lead me to reading several books on personal development and leadership.  The latest book I have read is Switch by Chip Heath & Dan Heath.  I have never found a better way of look at and dealing with \\"making change\\" happen with any sort of success.  From the opening chapter, I felt like I had opened my eyes for the first time to the world of successful change.    I spent nearly 11 years working for a large retail chain.  In that time we went through many different kinds of change.  Some changes were good and easy, others were a total and complete failure.  They even tried using great ideas from other great authors, but didn't engage \\"The Rider, The Elephant and The Path\\" properly, which lead to the typical corporate change.    This idea of \\"The Rider, The Elephant and The Path\\" is such a logical approach to change that it seems crazy to even attempt any change without this approach.  The only problem is, we never realize we are doing this when we have successful change and we don't realize that the reason change failed is because we didn't use this approach.  Having now read this book, each time I need to implement change of any kind I will be using \\"The Rider, The Elephant and The Path.\\"    This is a must read for any manager, business owner, HR Department head, CEO, Board Chairman, or any leader of any kind.  Marriage and Family Councilors can really benefit from this book as well.  Parents and spouses can better their relationships with their spouses and their kids, by better understanding how to incorporate changes in their households.    Chip & Dan Heath have written another winner here.  I really enjoyed the Clinic sections that really helped in understanding how to use this ides to manage the process of changing.  I plan to buy several more of these to give to people struggling with change, or just trying to become better leaders who have to deal with change from time to time.  Thanks Chip & Dan, you have saved me a lot of headaches to come.  Keep the great work coming.
1400032717|2.0|Good things about this book: it's a page turner and it gives a very good picture of how autism (technically Asperger syndrome) plays out for an indivual person. Bad thing: that's ALL the book is about. There is very little beyond the plot - it's the literary equivalent of Ocean's Eleven: entertaining while you're in it, forgettable when you're done. While I don't mind this quality in a movie, I find it very disappointing in a book - certainly in part because of the difference in time commitments.
B001N26GFC|2.0|However, the main character is so annoyingly unlikeable that I had a hard time with the movie. No plot to speak of. Just a series of vignettes in which the lead character plays an overtalkative ditz who is, I guess, demonstrating to us why it's better to be positive in life than negative. She is surrounded by various unhappy people: her driving instructor, a young boy pupil, her sister etc., but she blithely either ignores their misery or tries to help them out of it. In the end, I guess it's better to be her than the angry driving instructor who has a crush on her. I did like the 1960s-style soundtrack.
0385732554|3.0|An interesting, thought-provoking book that reveals the harm that can result when a society sacrifices everything for safety. This in itself isn't an original concept, but because the book is about a child's experience of this situation, it is a good addition to the genre of dystopian fiction.    I've given this book three stars because the characters - particularly the main character - were not fully developed. I found the book to be a page-turner, but when I was done I realized that I didn't know the main character very well at all.
B001GCUO4S|3.0|This movie was better than Final Destination 3.  The 3-D was really cool.  It made me jump and gasp when the first item flew out of the screen at me.  I didn't make it through the whole movie in 3-D, as it was too hard for my eyes to adjust to the glasses, but then completed my viewing on the 2-D side.  It is a good addition to fans of the final destination series.
0141439807|3.0|I wanted to love this book - of course I wanted to - I wanted it to have the magic of Austen's other work. Sadly, I was disappointed. It is absolutely not a bad book - just not a phenomenal one as I had expected. The plot and the characters come across as far too didactic and judgmental and perhaps even (gulp) a tad anti-feminist. I'm trying to rethink the book so that I can reach any other conclusion - I'm trying to remember it was a product of its times - yet, I haven't been able to come around yet.<br /><br />Would I recommend this book for you? Are you hoping for another Pride & Prejudice or Sense & Sensibility? Well, then no. Are you looking to enjoy Austen's lavish prose, intricately developed characters, and an accurate depiction of what women realistically could strive for in the early 19th century? Then absolutely, you'll love this book.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|What a great box set at a great price. Dr Quinn Medicine Woman has so much history and plots. I have seen it before but are very much looking forward to watching it again. I would definitely recommend this series.
0375854819|4.0|The third - and, to my surprise, not final - epic involving Eragon poignantly shows Christopher Paolini growing as an author and becoming an emotionally sensitive adult. Eragon's growing connection with Saphira is highlighted alongside the realization and terror that both Eragon & Saphira feel about the possibility of ever being separated. This is an unusual relationship - one I've not come across before. This isn't a romantic relationship, yet it goes far beyond friendship. It's almost like they're platonic soul mates. Paolini does an impeccable job of creating this unique relationship and making it feel very believable to the reader.    But this isn't the only highlight of the book. Eragon discovers many more things about his personal past and about the history of Alagaesia that spur him to grow as a person.    Even though the first book in this series was far from spectacular, I've stuck with this series because it concerns a theme with which I'm fascinated: adolescents struggling to accept incredible amounts of unasked-for responsibility heaped upon them. This (for me anyway) is the heart of Harry Potter and Ender's Game, and it is the core of Eragon as well. And in this regard, Paolini - an adolescent himself when he began writing Eragon - has done a masterful job of portraying a boy desperately trying to cope with the expectations of a nation and the weight that has put on his soul.
0385528752|5.0|Based on the authors'' previous book, [[ASIN:1400064287 Made to Stick: Why Some Ideas Survive and Others Die]], I enthusiastically searched for an advance copy to read before the release date. The effort was worth it, I recommend Switch!<br /><br />Professionally, I design health and wellness products and services, so influencing behaviour and helping people change is relevant for me. This is a book about making change on a personal and organizational level -' it''s an accessible read on psychodynamics designed around a set of simple maxims to help you understand and influence change in everyday life.<br /><br />There is some similarity with [[ASIN:014311526X Nudge]], by Thaler and Sunstein, another excellent book focused on influencing behavior. Nudge is an academic treatment of decision making, focused on the cognitive process. Nudge beats you over the head with evidence (it''s long) and it''s less actionable than Switch, however, I still recommend Nudge for those who are serious about design, marketing, business, public policy, education etc. Read it after Switch' they offer different things.<br /><br />In Switch, the Heath brothers illustrate the dichotomy between the thinking rational self and the feeling instinctive self and how they can work together to bring about change. They also focus on our social environment 'how one''s context can influence behavior.<br /><br />Simply and effectively, the authors' use an analogy to explain how to change behavior: Direct the Rider, motivate the Elephant, and shape the Path.<br /><br />Picture the elephant rider as the classic Hindi mahout, the word is a derivative of the Sanskrit mahamatra, meaning one \\"having great measure.\\" The powerful and instinctual elephant is a metaphor for our motivations (emotions) and the path as the context for triggering action. Now you can imagine the rider guiding the elephant along a defined path. One cannot move forward without the other,' our thoughts and emotions create a dynamic force when channeled in one direction. This is a powerful axiom for change. Think of the SUCCESS model from the authors' last book Making it Stick.<br /><br />Practitioners of traditional yoga may appreciate the elephant metaphor '- yoga recognizes the union of conscious and subconscious.<br /><br />The individual concepts presented are not novel, but the assembly and presentation is (for me). This book is catchy. There was a lot of familiar material for me '(my educational background was in biology and psychology)' so I would have enjoyed if the book went a layer deeper in some of its explanations. That said, the book was well organized and the authors made a strong case for their viewpoint. This is an easy and enjoyable read, but also thought-provoking and convincing.s is a powerful axiom for change. Think of the SUCCESS model from the authors last book Making it Stick.    Practitioners of traditional yoga may appreciate the elephant metaphor - yoga recognizes the union of conscious and subconscious.    The individual concepts presented are not novel, but the assembly and presentation is (for me). This book is catchy. There was a lot of familiar material for me (my educational background was in biology and psychology) so I would have enjoyed if the book went a layer deeper in some of its explanations. That said, the book was well organized and the authors made a strong case for their viewpoint. This is an easy and enjoyable read, but also thought-provoking and convincing.
0060557818|2.0|While Neverwhere presents a fascinating premise, the characters who live in this world are emotionally flat. Gaiman creates a world that is so violent and dark that it's completely inexplicable why the main character would abandon all that he knows to permanently enter this world. This decision ultimately reveals the character's utter failure to emotionally connect with anyone in his life, and his decision to leave his world cannot change who he is, only where he will live out the remainder of his lonely and unconnected existence.
1596061669|5.0|This is such a moving, dark story. So full of innocence and innocence lost. This copy captures the gothic nature of the book, but also conveys that which we love about books. Fine detailed pictures, beautiful font, delicate pages. If you love this story, or love books, this is the perfect presentation for the best love letter to books I've ever read. You can almost smell the dust from the Cemetary of Forgotten Books in these pages.
0060853972|2.0|I really want to like Neil Gaiman, and this is the second Neil Gaiman book I've read, but it's just not happening. His plot lines are somewhat interesting, but his characters are flat and undeveloped. I might be willing to give Stardust a chance because I really loved the movie, but that's seriously his last chance with me.
B002YIHO7I|1.0|I've been a HUGE Sade fan since she first came out. Like most people here I've been waiting, and waiting, and waiting for another album and here it is. Sad to say, but I reckon she's lost the plot with this one.  This would have to be the most sad, mopey and morose CD I've ever heard. I think Sade must have had a rough ten years between albums and she's pouring all her sadness into her music. What happened to the up tempo funky numbers I love her so much for? This sounds like a depressing version of Lovers Rock.    I truly feel like I've wasted (...) buying the CD. I'm not giving up on her and will await the next CD whenever it comes out. Cheer up Sade, its not the end of the world.
B002VVES5O|5.0|My wife and I are hard pressed to find an episode of BONES we don't like and this one is no exception. We truly enjoyed it. Especially, we are pleased to be able come to Amazon and get the episodes we miss on regular broadcasting and download them to our DVR. That's amazing! Thanks, Amazon, for offering this service. The quality is perfect and very prompt.
B001ED7C58|4.0|This soundtrack will instantly bring scenes from the Major motion picture back to recall. The music is a mixture of what I listen to and new sounds. It had to grow on me but is now a prominant part of my playlist. As a fan I will continue to add future soundtracks to my playlist.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|great great great. i do get the cracking and popping in earphones like people say but only when you get to the limit of its range from my den to my bathroom which is about 30ish feet. lol who plays 30 feet from the tv. but all in all great. if you play hardcore like me you can lay down and actualy hear where enemies are coming from and how close they are. if a seriouse gamer buy these.
B002QAQ9SO|4.0|After all the other varied DT productions, culminating in my personal favourite, Ziltiod the Omniscient, I was expecting to be disappointed with this album.  I most certainly was not.  This is not Ziltiod.  it is not like anything that Devin has done before in some ways.  This is an album with a strong melodic sensibility and containing far less \\"rock out\\" elements.  These will come in other installments.  the production and playing are clearly a Devin trademark in a lot of ways, with that large guitar sound, even when relatively clean and DT's vocals, which are always a highlight.  My standout trakcs would have to be Coast and Heaven Send, though ask me in a week cos that will probably change again!
B0007GAEGC|5.0|Celtic Woman is like a breath of fresh air and there is nothing on the airways today that comes close the exceptional product these ladies produce.  It would be difficult for me to pick a favorite song on this CD because all tracks exceptional!  I would recommend this CD to anyone who enjoys good music, then ladies voices will do the rest!
B002RVZV9K|5.0|I loved the beginning where Jack White builds his own guitar with a 2 by 4 and wire. Three generations of guitar players trade licks and stories.  I saw this in a theater in New York City. No one in the audience wanted to leave when it ended.  We just wanted more.  One note: be sure to have the volume up when you watch the DVD!
B000KQGX1Y|5.0|This CD purchase was a Christmas gift to myself and it has already become a cherrished favorite.  I'm particullary fond of the fiddle solos, especially Shenandoah.  Anyone who likes music with taste and class will like this CD.  Every note, every phrase touches me and lifts my spirits.
B0028K31CE|4.0|I didn't have any problems at all.  My cd arrived sooner then i expected it.
B0009A21R6|5.0|I owned \\"Brothers In Arms\\" in many formats(LP,cassete,CD)but this hybrid CD/SACD is the best-sounding of all of them.The 5.1 mix is stunning on songs like \\"Why Worry\\",\\"The Man's Too Strong\\",\\"Your Latest Trick\\" and the monster smash \\"Money For Nothing\\",bringing nuaces and details that the 2-channel coundn't hold,like Mark Knopfler glistening guitar on \\"So Far Away\\",the sterling keyboards on \\"Walk Of Life and the drums during the second half of \\"Why Worry\\".I have listened to this album countless times and hearing it in beautiful 5.1 surround(and in remastered CD)sound makes this 25-year-old album sound like it was yesterday all over again. It's such a loss to the music world that the SACD format never took off due to poor marketing and the public reverting to chinzy-sounding MP3 files during the 2000's,considering its massive sonic potential especially on this \\"Brother In Arms\\" and others as well.But if you have SACD-capable Blu-Ray DVD players and/or systems,I strongly recommend this item.
B000002H48|1.0|As I sit here looking out my kitchen window at the UP mainline running near my home, I watch another of the many coal trains running to the East with miles of coal in tow. Perhaps some future digital archeologist can decode the logic of the lost thirty years of power generation and billions of tons of Carbon these musical geniuses helped foist on us, our children and grandchildren. The music and artistry of this album is indeed profound. We recently watched James Taylor on a PBS special and his charisma and talent just seems to have grown over the ensuing decades, hard as that is to believe! But listening to this album causes melancholy. It is a testament to the potential error of the \\"cause celeb.\\" While thirty years ago it may have seemed so right, three decades later and still dependent on fossil fuels, it seems so wrong. France will run their country on nuclear and alternative fuel electricity. They will power their homes, trains and subways and soon plug-in their Nissan Leafs on off peak hours. No Arab oil, no CO2 and, they will become even more expert at exporting their vision and product to the world.    Musicians should stick to chords, melodies and poetry. Leave the energy planning to those with vision, engineering and a strong dose of critical thinking skills. Beware of self-righteousness, no matter the bard. Pied Pipers they truly were.
B0000242CE|4.0|Great Dire Straits live album. This is a nice live version, however before buying this album I would recommend to get all the studio recorded albums, as those albums are more details, and better recorded.
0316113506|5.0|LEARNED OF THIS BOOK AT THE CONTINUING EDUCATION PROGRAM AT CMU (OSHER) AND BOUGHT SEVERAL COPIES OF THIS BOOK.   EXCELLENT.
0395631246|5.0|This is a well written, informative book on the topic of negotiation.  I believe that much can be deduced from the title alone.  I found the discussion regarding dispute resolution helpful in that it provided some creative ways to go about achieving the best outcome.  The books suggests that a certain procedure be followed when negotiating.  I believe everyone develops an individual style and technique when negotiating, but I would not suggest that anyone be close minded when it comes to suggestions for improvement.  In summary, this book provides a suggested means of negotiating, and enforces the need to see things from the other side's perspective.  By understanding your opponent's position, and the factors they must consider, a negotiation discourse is far more likely to be productive and not adversarial.
0061537969|5.0|This book ranks right up there with \\"Angela's Ashes\\" and \\"Trinity\\" as being amongst my favorites...and it has nothing to do with Ireland!    I am a critter mom.  I currently share my life, my home and my love with 3 cats, 2 dogs and a rabbit, all adopted from various animal shelters.  That old saying \\"don't judge a book by it's cover\\"?  Well, I must admit the soulful eyes of the dog on the cover of my paperback edition made me pick up the book in the first place and thumb through it to see what this was all about.    I love books that take me through the human emotions--all in the span of one page.  There are laugh-out-loud funny moments in this story, along with heart-wrenching sadness.  Yes, I laughed--and I cried while reading this wonderful book.  And when I finished I had a big smile on my face--and then dreamed of my own sweet critters (4 dogs, a cat, a parakeet and a guinea pig) waiting for me at the Rainbow Bridge--or are they?  Have they, too, been transformed, like Enzo?
B0030BYWKK|3.0|I've been anticipating this album for years. I've been an avid fan since the release of Van   Occupanther. I spent 2008, 2009 and the beginnings of 2010 scrapping for the few photos,articles   and interviews - looking for a mere hint of what The Courage of Others might sound like. If you   are expecting the warm tones, upbeat rhythms and whimsical lyrics, you will inevitably be let down.    In Midlake's defense, they mentioned in a few articles that they were aiming for a darker feel.  However, instead of that desired \\"darker feel\\", the music comes across as lackadaisical - while   listening to the album the first time through, I didn't feel much of anything.     The recording quality is very similar to Van Occupanther. The Courage of Others has the same retro,   classical feel with the tight, compressed drums - but the album is slower, darker and simpler. The  album is less experimental with fewer solos/instrumentals (which is what attracted me to them in the  first place).    As long as long as I've waited, and as much attention as its been given, I feel let down. I say it's  worthy of 2 1/2 or 3 stars, but not much more. I miss the retro grooves such as \\"Bandits\\" and \\"Roscoe\\".   It makes me wonder if Midlake will every get back to that same sound - I sure do miss it.
B002YIHO7I|1.0|We waited ten years for a cd that will go down (to date) as their worst project.  In a nutshell, it's just not very good.  There are a couple of good songs, but over all, move on.  I bought the cd w/out ever hearing it.  I went on reputation, and I will do it again, but I must go on the record to let you all know IMO, it's a flop.
0385528752|5.0|There's not much to add to the other reviews descriptively, but there's a lot of aspects worth mentioning that have not been addressed in former reviews.    First of all, I'm a big fan of Made to Stick, and have incorporated the SUCCESs list to my daily behavior, but wasn't till reading Switch that I found how poorly it behave in everyday life. The objective of both books is the same. Producing change, but the additional steps of SUCCESs (generating a message able to reach his target and be understood to finally generate change) is way to complicated to produce change in complicated dynamic situations. Here's where Switch shines.    I must admit that I was skeptical about Switch, thinking of it as a Made to Stick rework, probably complementing a bit. Luckily, i couldn't be more wrong. It's not an awesome complement, but a huge improvement. While Made to Stick is a wonderful tool for analyzing situations and messages to be shared, there's a catch. You need to know where the(till this point unknown) rider needs to be lead.  Once you know this catch, you can unleash the full potential of your (trained or untrained) mind to produce change in so many levels. I can't stress this enough. The levels where the knowledge exposed here is completely universal. If you can say that something has a behavior, you can use Switch to change it.    Although Made to Stick was first, I would recommend Switch as starting point, since the analogies are far less pragmatically and the reading experience is more interactive, letting the reader jump into conclusions or spotting the brilliant insights before they are actually revealed.    If you don't think Switch is for you, you are wrong. While reading it, there was so many times when I was reading something that could be of interest of someone around. For instance, while reading about Jerry Sternin in Vietnam about malnutrition, there was a preschool teacher around. I called her and started reading for her. Suddenly, my 12 yr. old nephew (with ADHD) gathered and started to listen and make questions. Then we did a small focus group about the insights of the case. It was simply a miracle.    Guess this \\"small\\" review went too far. I could be writing for hours about how the magic arises when you have the right implements and the right recipe. If you are interested in this book, reading it or planning to, I've created a Facebook group titled just as this book. Switch: How to Change Things When Change Is Hard. Feel free to join to improve your reading experience, and to share your own experiences wielding your new acquired knowledge or your insights about what you will be reading.
B002XTBE6K|2.0|I am quite disappointed with this version of Emma. I knew that something was up when I didn't see any special mentions in many publications prior to its first airing on PBS. In a nutshell, the screenplay (i.e. dialog and physical movements of the characters) is awful and does not do Jane Austen justice. I'm assuming that the reason that they didn't include a lot of Jane Austen's actual dialog was to make it more understandable for modern audiences. Was that the reason also for the characters to engage in so many bodily movements like flopping on couches and lounging while speaking and such that the upper classes would never have indulged in even in recent times? If I had behaved like that when I was growing up, I would have been quite censured (and I do not consider my family to be upper class or part of the aristocracy). I had the hardest time watching this version because of that, and some of the dialog made me wince or my eyes roll. I have yet seen a very good and true adaptation of Emma on screen, unlike \\"Pride and Prejudice\\", and I hope that at some point someone will make one. I, for one, can't wait! Be sure, this version is not it.
0810982862|2.0|What a waste.  Cameron produces the most visually stunning, art-directed film, perhaps ever, and this is the art book we get?  There are thousands, if not tens-of-thousands of sketches and paintings that went into making this film, and we get a book basically filled with a few scenes from the movie - images that are already plastered all over the web, and in higher rez.  The only excuse for this skimpy volume is if Cameron is planning a series of encyclopedia-sized volumes of artwork at some time in the future.  He'd better be, because this has \\"quicky promotional tie-in\\" written all over it, and does no justice at all to the amount of work all the amazing designers and concept artists put into this film.  Disappointing, to say the least.  An insulting rip-off, to say the most.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|I have to admit, I started watching with the pilot, watched a couple more shows lost interest, then started watching again with the 2nd season.  Now I love the show. If you are just coming into watching Fringe with this DVD stick with it, it only gets better.  In my opinion Walter makes the show, love his character, but all the character work well together and it gets better as the season progresses. I hope this show sticks around for a while, it's one of the best in it's catagory on t.v. right now.
B00275EGWY|4.0|Definitely engrossing, \\"micro\\" view of counter-insurgency warfare in Iraq, with a small bomb-squad. In a sense the movie is a personality assessment, with the main character (James) being an arrogant, selfish, virtually sociopathic pursuer of the \\"thrill of nearly dying.\\"  I can't agree with the thesis of the film \\"War is a Drug,\\" because although I've never been in a war, I really doubt that those who have been in serious combat think that way, especially when their compatriots are getting killed.  Is war exciting?  I'm sure of it.  But I believe that soldiers enlist for far more than \\"the adrenaline rush\\" that James seems to be addicted to.  (love of country maybe?  loyalty to their fellow soldiers?  Wanting to do good in the world?)    In the film, the tense battle and bomb-defusing scenes give one the strong impression of being within a combat operation (without risking one's own life of course!  Isn't that why we like war movies?), and many unexpected things happen. Thus the entertainment value is high.  But I ALWAYS look at the underlying messages of movies, not just for entertainment.    The main character definitely thinks he's indestructable.  I call him borderline-sociopathic (or narcissistic, or abusive) because I've known men like him, and I believe that they have a personality of extreme selfishness and the desire to ALWAYS be the guy on top & bossing everyone around, often seeking high danger. (BTW If you know someone like that, my advice is to get away!  Don't work with them, befriend them or marry them!)  I don't know how such a person would really hold up in the military -- he might not last long, because he's constantly putting his comrades in danger.  But the good thing about The Hurt Locker is that the other 2 main characters in his squad (the black Sargent and the specialist) have a hard time dealing with James and tell him so on many occasions.  So the director \\"gets it\\" in a way.  But I hated it when James called the black Sargent \\"boy\\" when they were drunk -- what a flipping abusive ass he comes across as!    The Iraq environment is realistically portrayed as tense, and alternately filled with teeming crowds (from whom you have no idea who your enemy is) and barren desert.  I'm interested in whether the Iraqi (insurgent) men are portrayed accurately.  If the director got it right, they look extremely defiant, always pushing the limits, very two-faced, ruthless, and always defying death themselves, in their zeal to kill the US soldiers.  I'd be interested if soldiers that served over there think that the movie got this right.    Altogether I have to give the film 4 stars for its gritty realism and entertainment value, although it's still got its flaws.
B00180R06I|5.0|Criterion's 2008 release of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampyr (1932) illustrates how subtitles may integrate within a film to improve the whole.  Translator John Gudelj and the Criterion spotting/timecoding staff provided subtitles that effortlessly blend with the dialogue. This artistry makes their unique choices even harder to spot. For years translating every word as spoken has been de rigueur. This is desirable for clarity. But with repetitive dialogue, equally repetitive subtitles fail to trust the audience, detracting from rather than enhancing the film.<br /><br />Early in the story, protagonist Allan Gray stops in a country house. 'Guten Abend,' says the young housekeeper, to which Gray immediately responds, 'Guten Abend.' The housekeeper's dialogue is subtitled, 'Good evening.' The subtitles do not repeat the banality when Gray speaks the same line of dialogue. It would be pointless. The audience has heard this common phrase and read the translation when first spoken. Nothing else is necessary. This subtitling choice is used again when the young heroine Gisele sees her sister Leone from the window. 'There, outside,' she cries. 'Leone, Leone!' The initial translation was necessary to communicate to viewers that the dialogue was actually a name, but when Gisele runs outside calling Leone's name over and over, there are no subtitles. The lush imagery of Gisele running through the forest would be marred by subtitles that hammer the obvious. When Gisele and Gray are fog-bound in their little boat, they yell, 'Hallo!' and are guided by answering cries from the opposite bank. The dialogue and context are absolutely clear without subtitles. This technique was used to poignant effect when Leone rests in bed. 'I am damned,' she says. 'Mein Gott, mein Gott... mein Gott.' American audiences are familiar with the German phrase. Gudelj wisely translated the first lines, 'My God, my God...' As the camera pans away from Leone, she pathetically whimpers the same line of dialogue a third time. Here the subtitles are absent, allowing viewers to take in the full emotional impact of Dreyer's images.<br /><br />It is an irony of subtitles that at their best they are so much a part of a film that they go unnoticed.  Criterion and Gudelj's subtitles are an example of how to get that right.<br /><br />D. Bannon is a professional subtitler and author of [[ASIN:0557130727 The Elements of Subtitles: A Practical Guide to the Art of Dialogue, Character, Context, Tone and Style in Subtitling]]time. Here the subtitles are absent, allowing viewers to take in the full emotional impact of Dreyer's images.      It is an irony of subtitles that at their best they are so much a part of a film that they go unnoticed.  Criterion and Gudelj's subtitles are an example of how to get that right.    D. Bannon is a professional subtitler and author of [[ASIN:0557130727 The Elements of Subtitles: A Practical Guide to the Art of Dialogue, Character, Context, Tone and Style in Subtitling]]
0307271862|4.0|Henning Mankell's \\"The Man from Beijing,\\" translated by Laurie Thompson, opens in January 2006. It is eerily quiet in the northern Swedish hamlet of Hesj&ouml;vallen. No smoke rises from the chimneys and not a soul stirs. A photographer studying depopulated villages arrives and knocks on doors, but no one answers. Fearing that something is wrong, he breaks into one of the houses and to his horror, \\"there was an old woman lying on the kitchen floor. Her head was almost totally severed from her neck. Beside her lay the carcass of a dog, cut in two.\\" This isolated place will soon make headlines as the scene of a massacre \\"unprecedented in the annals of Swedish crime.\\" An unknown assailant used an extremely sharp weapon to torture and cut up his victims.<br /><br />After Detective Vivian Sundberg and her team survey the carnage, they call for reinforcements, but even experienced law enforcement officials are stymied by the slaughter of nineteen people, most of them elderly. Equally puzzling is the fact that three individuals living in Hesj&ouml;vallen were left alive. A district judge, fifty-seven year old Birgitta Roslin, has a personal interest in the matter (her mother grew up in Hesj&ouml;vallen), and we get to know Roslin intimately. She is conscientious, suffers from recurrent panic attacks and high-blood pressure, has four grown children, and worries about the future of her passionless marriage. Her fate will be inextricably tied up with the mass murder, which grew out of terrible events whose roots lie in the distant past.<br /><br />The beginning of the book has an epic sweep and is absolutely mesmerizing. Mankell takes us to China in 1863, where the peasants live in squalor and are oppressed by wealthy and avaricious landowners. The author poignantly recounts the odyssey of three orphaned brothers who travel to Canton to find work. Eventually, they cross the path of predators who transport them in chains to the United States, where they spend many backbreaking hours cleaving mountains to make way for the transcontinental railroad. Because one of the brothers survives long enough to leave a detailed diary, the tale of his family's suffering will have grave consequences more than a century later.<br /><br />Birgitta, whose mother grew up with foster parents in Hesj&ouml;vallen, uses her sharp judicial mind to form a theory about the killings, based on the fact that a Chinese man was seen in the vicinity of Hesj&ouml;vallen around the time of the murders. Since the police pay little attention to her ideas, Birgitta takes advantage of an opportunity to visit China with an old friend, Karin. There, she sees the Forbidden City and the Great Wall, and reminisces about her younger years as a radical who supported Mao's ideals of solidarity and liberation. She also tries to learn the identity of the man behind the mass execution in Sweden. Unfortunately, her inquiries place her in danger, since she is being watched by a powerful and psychotic villain.<br /><br />Here, the novel starts to lose steam, as Mankell not only reveals the identity of the killer (a one-dimensional monster), but also introduces too many extraneous characters and subplots. In addition, the Swedish police are so clueless that Birgitta is left to do their job for them. The pace of the narrative is slowed by heavy-handed passages in which various individuals lecture us about China's path to the future. Should this emerging superpower make more of an effort to stay true to its communist roots instead of succumbing to the lures of capitalism? Mankell has written a crime story, an engrossing depiction of a female jurist's midlife crisis, and a polemic about China's efforts to become a worldwide economic and political force. This is too much baggage for one work of fiction. \\"The Man from Beijing\\" might have been more satisfying had the author focused throughout on the massacre and on Birgitta's efforts to solve the mystery and put her troubled life in order. The second half is a bit dreary and diffuse, and it will take some persistence to stay the course for the entire 366 pages. Still, \\"The Man from Beijing\\" gets four stars for its intriguing premise, its harrowing depiction of the mistreatment of laborers who helped build America's railways, and its portrait of Birgitta Roslin, whose curiosity and persistence may prove to be her undoing.dreary and diffuse, and it will take some persistence to stay the course for the entire 366 pages. Still, \\"The Man from Beijing\\" gets four stars for its intriguing premise, its harrowing depiction of the mistreatment of laborers who helped build America's railways, and its portrait of Birgitta Roslin, whose curiosity and persistence may prove to be her undoing.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|4.7 stars<br /><br />This show is excellent mainly due to the tight bond Hall makes with this character. I'm not crazy about any of the acting here except Hall's, but he's flawless throughout, bringing a subtlety that few actors on the big or small screens ever master to this degree.<br /><br />Nearly every episode is well-written, paced, and directed; the season arc is a good one and plays out nicely, no need for spoilers here!<br /><br />It does get a little gory at times, but the series is about a serial killer, after all. I have some very queasy thoughts about why a series this twisted is so popular, but I guess it's just another Clint-type revenge drama where psychopathic violence is justified by (a vaguely) moral imperative; we do need our foreign policy to start somewhere.<br /><br />Hall is even better here than in Six Feet Under, where he was superb. He carries Dexter effortlessly on his shoulders, but one can feel the amount of work and care he's put into this role. It's as impressive as Gandolfini's Tony Soprano, and that's saying a lot. As is usual for most of the best cable dramas, the first season seems to be the best, so savor this one if watching it for the first time.<br /><br />Miami hasn't looked this good and this bad since Michael Mann was in town.
B00009Y3L4|2.0|Don't blame Bob Fosse for his direction.  Don't blame the song \\"Money Makes the World Go Round\\".  Don't blame the incredibly spooky yet intensely real Joel Grey as the Master of Ceremonies.  Whatever you do, don't blame the choreography.  So, why isn't \\"Cabaret\\" a better film.  Where should the blame fall?  As a first time viewer of Liza Minnelli, an amateur young Michael York watcher, and my only experience with Bob Fosse was the dramatic experience of \\"Lenny\\", \\"Cabaret\\" boasted big songs, big ideas, and big actors ... yet it felt long, dull, and convoluted to say the least.  Edging on the historical, but focusing mainly on a squabble of young love, the muddled themes of originality, independence, and sexual revolution seemed to take backstage for overacting, choppy editing, and a twisty story that begs for more but desires nothing.  In the Oscar world of \\"The Godfather\\" vs. \\"Cabaret\\", the obvious winner is Coppola's film - but how did \\"Cabaret\\" even get in the running?  As it took me nearly three viewings to conquer this behemoth, one has to question the 1972 value, and whether this musical stands up next to the others nearly 40 years later.  In this reviewer's opinion, it is an obvious \\"no\\", but arguments will apparently follow.<br /><br />Where did \\"Cabaret\\" work?  If discussing this film around the cinematic water cooler, there would be no doubt Joel Grey would be discussed. His portrayal, as small as it was, as the infamous Master of Ceremonies has yet to be repeated in any film to date.  In various moments \\"Cabaret\\" felt like it was directed by Terry Gilliam, complete with the flash and darkness subsequent in his features.  Joel Grey brought it to the table, and will forever be a frightening, yet influential image in my mind.  He made the nearly 2-hours redeemable.  The excitement in his swagger coupled with his level of pizzazz completely overshadowed his co-star Minnelli whenever the two shared the screen.  His performance alone, the transformation itself, is what made \\"Cabaret\\" worth a view.  It was he and Minnelli's duet of \\"Money Makes the World Go Round\\" that saved this film from utter obliteration.  It was reminiscent of a modern day \\"Moulin Rouge\\", but it was the surrounding story - without surrounding characters - that caused the pain known as \\"Cabaret\\".  One must also applaud Bob Fosse for his direction, for without him, these dark scene filmed with Grey would have just been as bland as the story.  Fosse took this flimsy story of three characters that we are emotionally void for, and pulled in some great song and dance numbers to buffer the pain that was sure to follow.  His work on \\"Lenny\\" was outstanding, and while this didn't speak as greatly, you could see his influences on the script and final edit.  Thank you to Fosse and Grey for transforming this drab film into cinematic mediocrity.<br /><br />To bookend the positive, one must also ask \\"Where did `Cabaret' fail?\\"  Without wasting pages of words, \\"Cabaret\\" failed because of the sloppy editing, the poorly developed historical slant, and due to the massive disappointment from the actors.  This could have been a memorable song-and-dance rooted with historical symbolism-esque film, but instead fell flat thanks mainly to the horrible nature of Liza Minnelli.  Her flat voice matched well with her disassociated character, which carried no emotion, flaunted no values, yet tried to win our heart. She sang decently, but I just couldn't stand behind her as a central focus.  Her entire relationship with Michael York is flippant.  Does she love him?  Does she love money?  What is her true background?  What does she want from life?  Mix these unanswered questions with the uncomfortable hint of sexuality between York and Minnelli, and you have nearly 90% of this movie.  From Minnelli's undefined character, to the passive aggressive York duel-jobbing as both language educator and African safari supporter, there just isn't a character you can stand behind.  As we get close to the middle of the film, our writer seems to realize this and the extremely vague Maximilian is introduced as a man who enjoys the company of both Minnelli and York.  For \\"Cabaret\\" to work, there needed stronger characters for us to follow - ones that were defined, yet complex, not just jumping from emotion to emotion.  How did Minnelli win an Oscar for this mess?<br /><br />In addition to the horrid acting, the story felt rushed and unfocused as we try to keep up with the blend of music and drama.  Outside the of intermittent use of Grey, our writer  - Jay Presson Allen - tried to incorporate what was happening in Germany at the time with the Nazi movement, with the chaos of a cabaret show.  In theory, this would be a great idea - but it failed because of again, the lack of focus with our characters.  In one scene we are troubled by York's disagreement with one of Minnelli's haphazard choices (a big decision that was diminished by choice) and in the next, we are dissecting the idea of a German Jew.  It just didn't flow well together.  In another scene, we are forced to listen to a young Nazi soldier sing a ballad that evokes singing from everyone - and our characters just drive away.  For me, to best summarize this film would be one of the final scenes between York and Minnelli as she takes him to the train station.  She leaves by merely waving her hand, demonstrating her care for the characters and ours as well.  When this film was over, I took it out of my player, walked away waving unemotionally.  \\"Cabaret\\" failed because there was nothing for the audience to hold onto.  When the breakout actor was someone that didn't speak but merely sang that should speak about how the film as a whole turned out.<br /><br />VIDEO:  This DVD is old.  If you can say that a DVD has aged, then this would be the example.  The transfer was poor, the special features were dated, and like the film itself - it left quite a bit to be desired.  As an Oscar-winning film, I felt there should have been something more substantial.<br /><br />VISUAL:  Again, whoever put this DVD together should be fired.  This was cropped on all the sides, providing a small box within your screen to watch the action unfold.  There was quite a bit of graininess and lack of color that hurt the final production of this film.  Beware for those who loved \\"Cabaret\\", this is not the format in which this film, or any film, should be viewed.<br /><br />SOUND:  Obviously, a key element to the film - it actually sounds decent here.  While the picture may be utterly distorted, the music felt vibrant and clear.<br /><br />EXTRAS:  What do I hate more than a poorly planned musical made in 1972, how about page flipping extras.  While there is quite a bit packed into this single disc, most is page turning instead of actors talking us through the process.  There are two instances where we have the opportunity to speak to York, Minnelli, and Grey (as well as a slew of producers) about their experiences, but they are double-dipped.  We hear them talking in one special feature, then in the other - the reiterate the same experiences.  Dud.<br /><br />Overall, both with presentation and delivery, \\"Cabaret\\" failed.  Minnelli's acting and eyes told a different story, and portrayed a character that just didn't fit for a feature film.  What was attempted as original just felt stale after the first several scenes.  Fosse's direction and Grey's performance are the only two saving qualities of this film, as the flakey York does his best as a love interest.  The dual sexual roles are just too abashing for both the actors and the viewers.  I was eager to witness this film, but nearly 40 years later, this film has not held up.  Bravo to small part and big directors, \\"boo\\" to those that think Minnelli can carry her weight as an Oscar winning actress.  (Does that hurt anyone else to say that?)<br /><br />** Waves eagerly as you leave this review **<br /><br />Grade: * ½ out of *****e of the film, our writer seems to realize this and the extremely vague Maximilian is introduced as a man who enjoys the company of both Minnelli and York.  For \\"Cabaret\\" to work, there needed stronger characters for us to follow - ones that were defined, yet complex, not just jumping from emotion to emotion.  How did Minnelli win an Oscar for this mess?    In addition to the horrid acting, the story felt rushed and unfocused as we try to keep up with the blend of music and drama.  Outside the of intermittent use of Grey, our writer  - Jay Presson Allen - tried to incorporate what was happening in Germany at the time with the Nazi movement, with the chaos of a cabaret show.  In theory, this would be a great idea - but it failed because of again, the lack of focus with our characters.  In one scene we are troubled by York's disagreement with one of Minnelli's haphazard choices (a big decision that was diminished by choice) and in the next, we are dissecting the idea of a German Jew.  It just didn't flow well together.  In another scene, we are forced to listen to a young Nazi soldier sing a ballad that evokes singing from everyone - and our characters just drive away.  For me, to best summarize this film would be one of the final scenes between York and Minnelli as she takes him to the train station.  She leaves by merely waving her hand, demonstrating her care for the characters and ours as well.  When this film was over, I took it out of my player, walked away waving unemotionally.  \\"Cabaret\\" failed because there was nothing for the audience to hold onto.  When the breakout actor was someone that didn't speak but merely sang that should speak about how the film as a whole turned out.      VIDEO:  This DVD is old.  If you can say that a DVD has aged, then this would be the example.  The transfer was poor, the special features were dated, and like the film itself - it left quite a bit to be desired.  As an Oscar-winning film, I felt there should have been something more substantial.      VISUAL:  Again, whoever put this DVD together should be fired.  This was cropped on all the sides, providing a small box within your screen to watch the action unfold.  There was quite a bit of graininess and lack of color that hurt the final production of this film.  Beware for those who loved \\"Cabaret\\", this is not the format in which this film, or any film, should be viewed.    SOUND:  Obviously, a key element to the film - it actually sounds decent here.  While the picture may be utterly distorted, the music felt vibrant and clear.      EXTRAS:  What do I hate more than a poorly planned musical made in 1972, how about page flipping extras.  While there is quite a bit packed into this single disc, most is page turning instead of actors talking us through the process.  There are two instances where we have the opportunity to speak to York, Minnelli, and Grey (as well as a slew of producers) about their experiences, but they are double-dipped.  We hear them talking in one special feature, then in the other - the reiterate the same experiences.  Dud.    Overall, both with presentation and delivery, \\"Cabaret\\" failed.  Minnelli's acting and eyes told a different story, and portrayed a character that just didn't fit for a feature film.  What was attempted as original just felt stale after the first several scenes.  Fosse's direction and Grey's performance are the only two saving qualities of this film, as the flakey York does his best as a love interest.  The dual sexual roles are just too abashing for both the actors and the viewers.  I was eager to witness this film, but nearly 40 years later, this film has not held up.  Bravo to small part and big directors, \\"boo\\" to those that think Minnelli can carry her weight as an Oscar winning actress.  (Does that hurt anyone else to say that?)    ** Waves eagerly as you leave this review **    Grade: * ½ out of *****
B001UV4XWY|5.0|Richard Kelly's \\"The Box\\" is just as deep, dark, surreal, emotional and mesmerizing as his previous films. His ode to 1970's paranoia, science-fiction and life beyond the tangible is at once extremely mysterious and bracingly real (regardless of it's faux dialogue and slightly exaggerated genre acting; all intentional of course). This is Kelly's most autobiographical film and that accounts for the clearly visible love he has place in the material. \\"The Box\\" is an ode to the unknown, whatever you consider that to be. It's certainly a cathartic experience if you are willing to decode, \\"The Box\\".
0066620996|5.0|Sadly, some of the \\"great\\" organizations discussed in this publication have since fallen, however this book is still very interesting. BHAG stands for \\"Big Hairy Audacious Goal\\" - so what is yours? I thought the Stockholm Paradox was interesting as well. This book is worth your time. - Corinne Isberner
B0000646UN|5.0|In 1939 the Soviet Union demanded that Finland cede Karelia and a naval base on th Baltic to the Russian SSR. wHEN fINLAND REFUSED, THE rUSSIANS ATTACKED WITH OVERWHELMING FORCE, Nut the Finns fought bravely and prevented the Russians from overrunning their country. One advantage the Finn'shad was their white outfits, which made them hard to see in the snow. The movie tells the story of the war from the Finnish sooldiers perspective.
1592402038|5.0|I can't think of a harder topic to write about and maintain a reader's interest, but I must say that Lynne Truss does not disappoint - this book is quite amusing and fun even though it is about grammar... It is a great gift to any young person, college student, or anyone who communicates in writing for a living (yes, that is, probably, you!) buy this and enjoy it. - Corinne Isberner
1400077915|5.0|I have never before written a book review for Amazon, but this book was exceptional. As others have noted, the writing is flawless, and the charachters are so well developed that the reader literally mourns the close of each story as one would mourn the loss of a dear friend. I will continue to read all of her work!
1591391105|5.0|Business students, executives, managers, tea, leaders, and people who hope to grow in their business careers will benefit from this pull-no-punches approach to outlining strategies for a successful transition into a leadership role. However, if you're a business observer, journalist, analyst, small business owner, etc., you will also gain from reading this book.<br /><br />Watkins notes that there is no how-to guide on successful transitions (business relies on a costly \\"sink or swim\\" mentality). Nature abhors a vacuum, and Watkins has filled this one, with a ten-shapter practical workbook on how to diagnose all aspects of a new work situation.<br /><br />Charts, graphs, worksheets and exercises such as \\"influence maps\\" (organizational dynamics) are excellent tools for the busy manager to read. Watkins recommends in Chapter 2 that new mangers \\"accelerate their learning\\". Step one in that process is to read this book. With ten chapters, the book is a straightforward manual.<br /><br />Each chapter begins with an example of a successful or, more often, unsuccessful transition and how the manager in question could have benfited from the strategies outlined in that chapter.<br /><br />Chapter 1 shows you how to rework your strengths so they don't become liabilities, pronmote yourself (in a good way) among your network, and identify \\"blind spots\\" or comfort zones.<br /><br />Chapter 2 demonstrates the need to have a learning plan--everything from learning how the company call center handles situations to deciding how to diagnose your situation.<br /><br />Chapter 3 covers tactics, and the means by which you accomplish your ends, includign whether you should play more offense or defense.<br /><br />Chapter 4 shows you how to keep yoru head and secure victories even when everyone around you fears that heads will roll.<br /><br />Chapter 5 walks you through The Talks with your boss -- expectations and so on. You won't have sweaty palms or need an aspirin after this chapter.<br /><br />Chapter 6 helps you answer the question, \\"Even if it's broken, why should we fix it?\\"<br /><br />Chapter 7 takes the guesswork out of assembling your team. Should be required readign for all new Presidents assembling their cabinets.<br /><br />Chapter 8 helps you understand how to keep your friends close and your enemies/critics closer, building your advice and counsel network.<br /><br />Chapter 9 addresses the stress on families when transitions involve moving to a new state/country. Watkins is blunt about transitions being painful for families but offers sensible advice to help spouses and children from overstressing.<br /><br />Chapter 10 looks at the often-neglected workers who must cope with a new boss, and helps managers who want to transition their team to New Team Utopia.<br /><br />Kudos to Watkins for a well-structured well-researched book.n, why should we fix it?\\"     Chapter 7 takes the guesswork out of assembling your team. Should be required readign for all new Presidents assembling their cabinets.    Chapter 8 helps you understand how to keep your friends close and your enemies/critics closer, building your advice and counsel network.     Chapter 9 addresses the stress on families when transitions involve moving to a new state/country. Watkins is blunt about transitions being painful for families but offers sensible advice to help spouses and children from overstressing.    Chapter 10 looks at the often-neglected workers who must cope with a new boss, and helps managers who want to transition their team to New Team Utopia.    Kudos to Watkins for a well-structured well-researched book.
1401216676|3.0|The Killing Joke is a very famous comic. It gives us a glimpse into the Joker's origin and therefore humanizes the character a bit. In a way it also humanizes Batman, by seeing his reaction to the Joker's joke (the joke, by the way, is very funny).    I was underwhelmed with this comic, as it is very famous and Tim Burton listed it as a big influence for the Batman movie. I think Alan Moore is the best comic book writer, so I was expecting this book to be out of this world. It isn't.    This comic is very good and it is worth reading, but it is not worth buying for more than $5. I would suggest getting it in the trade paperback with Alan Moore's DC stories, which includes \\"Whatever Happened to the Man of Tomorrow?\\".
B002BU0DPE|5.0|these headphones sound very good and fit well you can here people reloading or trying to sneek up on you. also good for watching movies late at nite so your neighbors don't get upset. good bass. the microphone is very ajustable so it's not in the way.
B0002KVUKM|5.0|Well Universal has done it again.Great movie! Has it all,horror [but not gorey],action,tinge of romance[not enough to ruin the movie],humor and tragedy. What a great salute to the horror films of yesteryear. Keep up the great work Universal.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|What a great movie, it's nice to see a proper vampire movie instead of the little whiny, sparkly things that all the kids these days think of as vampires. This is one of the few newer horror movies that I ordered almost immediately after watching at a friends house. It was a movie that really moved me and I had tons of questions after watching it so I bought the book and that cleared up most of them. [[ASIN:0312355297 Let the Right One In: A Novel]] Definitely worth a read if you want to continue learning about the world of Oskar and Eli.
B000ETQR3Q|5.0|OK well let's start with the basics IT'AWSOME it shot forever and is extremely powerful to make it shoot farther take the clip out turn it upside down close the chamber there is a small air escape valve put a piece of tape over it and it will add 10ft to the range and be shore to take off the barrel exstention if you plan to make a longshot(pun) the additional barrel makes it hard to move and hurts the range cause the darts hit the inside of the barrel. Tolaly better than the vulcan if you were going to spend $40 to get the vulcan take the money get this gun and the clip mission kit take the last $1 and start a mutual fund(just kidding)
B000GPIPSS|5.0|I personally feel that the Philip Glass soundtrack is perfect for this film.  The cast is great, the film is great, but by today's standards, the film by itself could seem a little slow, drawn out and overly melodramatic in some parts.  Once again, that's from today's standards, and in many ways, this IS the definitive Dracula film...however...    The Philip Glass soundtrack beautifully  weaves the whole film together in a hypnotic tapestry and brings much more power to it.  In fact, if you just LISTEN to the movie, you will see how perfectly the dialogue and the music work together.   The pacing is wonderful.  The music also ties together the long, silent, sections.  When the actors move, it sometimes appears as if it were choreographed to the score...like a ballet.    I think this was a BRILLIANT IDEA.  I can appreciate the \\"purists\\" feelings etc., but I sure don't agree with them, and of course you can watch it without the score (as an option).   I can now watch this movie over and over again, as the music makes it an audio as well as a video experience.
B002MW50KO|5.0|Dylan's skill, his spirit, his wisdom and humor are here, in both selection and arrangement of the music. Dylan's raspy magic is here, blending the joy and the mystery of Christmas. Embrace those who enjoy this collection; they get it. Have compassion for those who don't.
0451147960|3.0|This is one of Ken Follet's early books. It is really more of an good story than any sort of thriller or mystery. The book is essentially about several individuals whose lives becomes intertwined in a search for a missing sketch by Modigliani. All of these individuals are involved in the art industry. In this respect the book also provides an interesting window into the world of artists and art dealers.
B002T921AC|5.0|I bought this album after listening to his single, One Time (which I love!), and I'm really glad I did so.  I love all the songs espcially \\"Common Denominator\\" and \\"One Less Lonely Girl\\".    The only downside is that all his songs (except \\"Down to Earth\\") is about girls. I think he needs to vary when it comes to choosing songs, but other than that, I'm really satisfied with this album. Sure can't wait for My World 2.0 (and I hope he has 2 or more songs that's not about falling in love in that). LOL
0451228731|5.0|An insane videogame genius creates a computer program which appears to be murdering people. Law enforcement is called in to discover the 'programming-monster' known as a 'daemon' has infected his mansion and is indeed masterminding a takeover of sorts. They arrest a few people, and think they've stopped it, however they are sorely wrong. Sobol's creation has taken over and is orchestrating its own conquest of the world.<br /><br />I listened to the unabridged audio edition of this novel and really liked it. I was on the edge of my seat wanting to know what happened next. I particularly enjoyed the characters such as Mosely and the various law enforcement characters like Merrit. Even the computer \\"Daemon\\" Was cool in an uber villain sort of way.<br /><br />There is one fairly disgusting date rape scene  at the beginning involving a villain and a minor girl which almost made me stop listening. Although it establishes the villain \\"Loki\\" as a cruel manipulator, it was unnecessary, and I thought it added nothing but shock value. Plus, the plot device was dropped entirely later on.<br /><br />Be warned, if you hate videogames, you might not be able to relate to the high tech and gaming elements which permeate the story. I thought it was very clever though of the villain to use the game elements since this is a large portion of many peoples' lives.<br /><br />5 stars. Can't wait to start the next one.
B0018LX9T4|5.0|Keep in mind, this is NOT a movie for the sexually inhibited.  That being said, I adored this movie, so much so that I bought myself a copy, AND surprised my partner at the time with one of his own.  It's a quirky strange love story about a woman who falls for a man who enjoys control.  I stress this is NOT a movie to watch if you feel the need to turn away at sex scenes and think kink is turning on a light.  This could give you a heart condition. :)    If you are interested in some fun romance, and are ok with relatively interesting sexual experiences, I would highly suggest this movie!
B002ONC9NC|5.0|I saw that you didn't respond to my recent comment on you scathing review of this film, and so I thought that I'd go ahead and elaborate on my feelings on the film to you in a letter.  I know that my initial comment on your review may have seemed rather harsh, but I was simply stating my perception of your viewpoint.  I know that everyone is entitled to their opinions, and I respect that (as I would hope that others on here would respect my own) but your review struck me as one that entirely missed the point of the film, and when I said that I felt you were `looking for reasons to tear it apart' I meant that, and I'll explain why now.<br /><br />I hope you don't mind, but I'm going to `quote' you here, and then elaborate on my personal feelings.<br /><br />I'm going to start by yelling SPOILERS.  There are many people (myself included) who read reviews on this site to better understand whether or not they are truly interested in even watching a certain film, and so to give away the entire plot without giving a heads-up first is just not right.<br /><br />I find it odd that you make the statement \\"For starters, when we're introduced to the protagonist, high school student Jenny, she seems way too sophisticated for a 16 year old...\\" and then make a contradictory statement a few paragraphs down when you say \\"Perhaps the moment I found to be the most incredulous was Jenny's sudden transformation from earnest student to unsavory bad girl. Even with the father acting the way he did, would she have so suddenly embraced David once she discovers that he's a con artist? I would think that a normal teenager would have been very alarmed that she was now in the company of a bunch of criminals and fear would have entered into the equation. But what was Jenny's reaction? A mild protest and then David sweeps her off her feet.\\"  Teenagers have the natural born tendency to rebel.  Jenny is a smart and studious young woman who has been pushed and prodded by her parents (her father especially) to soak up her education at the expense of a social life.  While she displays a sharp hesitation upon discovering her boyfriends little hobby, she is still completely under his charm and that element of danger excites her.  She has already shown that this is the case (she is readily lying to and hiding things from her parents).  You have to understand that this is completely new to Jenny, and it carries with it an air of excitement that she is not used to.  David is handsome and charming and funny and apparently wealthy and this is all something that brings Jenny a flutter in her stomach she doesn't want to see go away.  So, maybe she is a little apprehensive about his choices, and she doesn't agree with them, but in her mind his seemingly good qualities outweigh this little indiscretion.<br /><br />Next I'll address your statement that \\"The main problem is that Carey Mulligan, who plays Jenny, is 24 years old in real life. Why didn't they cast a teenager?\\".  For me, this was `looking for something to tear at'.  They very rarely cast teenagers in roles as teenagers.  Most films you see where high-school is depicted, the actors are all in their 20's.  In fact, Rachel McAdams is in her 30's and yet just 5 years ago she played a teenager in `Mean Girls'.<br /><br />Now we have your interpretation of Jenny's father, Jack.  To `quote you', you say \\"At first he appears extremely petulant, a caricature of the pushy parent who wants their child to succeed at any cost. With his insistence that Jenny study night and day in order to get into Oxford, we're first led to believe that he's the film's antagonist.\\"  While I don't agree on that caricature part, I understand your feelings here, so I'm not going to pounce on them.  The character of Jack is not really new to cinema, and his eccentric behavior can be perceived as over-acting or hammy.  I get that, but I don't agree, and here is why.  Jack is not very respected, at least not to the degree he would like to be.  Both his daughter and his wife challenge his authority in many scenes, and so his over exertion is more a defense mechanism.  He uses his loud voice and faux authoritative stance as a way to compensate for his feelings of inadequacy.  Understanding this avenue of his personality will make it easier to reason out your next complaint.  You say \\"he's so easily taken in by David's scheme--that David is actually an Oxford alumni and knows famous Oxford professor/author C.S Lewis. If this was a real character, wouldn't have Jack made a few simple inquiries to determine whether David was telling the truth or not?\\".  Jack fears that he will be taken as a lesser man than this charming older gentleman who has taken an interest in his daughter, and so while he may not understand completely he fakes it so as to feel (and appear) as though he is an equal.  Another thing to keep in mind is the time period in which this film takes place.  Sure, it may seem like bad parenting to us today, but having an educated and wealthy older gentleman take an interest in your young daughter was something truly prized then (and to a degree, it is prized today) so the parents blind eye so-to-speak is not really that ridiculous.<br /><br />Now, let's look at David.  You state this as your complaint: \\"David was disappointing in that he was such a tame sociopath. What are his crimes?\\".  My problem with this accusation is that David isn't really a sociopath.  You have to remember that this is a true story (surely embellished) and that in real life people make these kinds of mistakes.  The reveal of David's personality and his actions feels honest.  Sure, they may not be BIG mistakes compared to the fictitious ones generated by Hollywood, but they are honest and truly devastating, especially to a sixteen-year-old.  David was a foolish and impulsive man who was obviously unhappy with his life and found a sense of solace in young girls, but I do feel that his feelings for Jenny, while initially selfish, were genuine by the films end.<br /><br />He wasn't a sociopath, he was a human being.<br /><br />Next you attack his friends by saying \\"Equally disappointing is the couple he hangs out with--except for one scene where there is a confrontation with Jenny, they really have little to do.\\"  They are there to represent a certain lifestyle and culture, and they do that effortlessly (especially Pike, who is a glorious supporting playing in this film, showing an earned understanding of her place in her man's life).<br /><br />This point especially got me.  You state, regarding the headmistress, \\"After she finds out David is Jewish, she blurts out that the Jews \\"killed our Lord\\". Not only is she depicted as a vile anti-Semite but she cruelly rejects Jenny's request to be reinstated.\\"  Again, `LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO TEAR AT'.  She was a woman of the times, and a very strong woman at that.  Her viewpoint regarding the Jews was not an uncommon one and so the film shouldn't be attacked for portraying her in a way that felt authentic, and her rejecting Jenny's request shouldn't be looked at as tyrannical in any way.  She had to uphold a sense of justice, and she had to set an example for the other girls who may have been influenced by Jenny's indiscretion.  Jenny was not a bad girl by any means, but she was foolish and there are consequences to be paid.<br /><br />That is life.<br /><br />Well, that is about all I have to say in rebuttal, so I'm going to generate my own review now.  With all that I have already said, I will keep this briefer than usual.<br /><br />For me, `An Education' is one of the better films to come out this year (of Oscars top ten `Best Picture' nominees, it is my favorite).  The plot is swift and poignant, and while it doesn't really bend any rules or go anywhere different than the norm, it does everything other films have done, only better.  The acting is probably my favorite aspect of the film (Mulligan's natural and delightfully sincere portrayal of young Jenny is the best of the year, bar none, and quite frankly one of the, if not THE, best of the decade).  I also adored Rosamond Pike and Olivia Williams and Alfred Molina and Dominic Cooper, and while Sarsgaard (a personal favorite of mine) is not best in show, he is remarkable astute to his characters development.  I personally don't understand those who criticize Sarsgaard for playing David as a creep.  We are supposed to see the shifty eyes, but are supposed to be duped but the charm.<br /><br />We are.<br /><br />The elements of this film all come together nicely to create a crisp and colorful package that is as technically engaging (from the posh night clubs to the authentic classrooms to the stunning cinematography, tantalizing score and delicious costumes) as it is emotionally stimulating.  The film, for me, plays with the subtlety very nicely, allowing us to sink into each scene as if we were right there, the characters slowing unveiling themselves so that we are never forced their transformation but allowed to witness it in gradual, and honest, progression.<br /><br />This is an odd review for me, but I hope that it was helpful to some and at least interesting for all.  Turfseer, I hope you understand that I am not trying to target you or attack you.  You are entitled to your opinion, but you challenged me to debate you here (your exact words were \\"I noticed that you offered no arguments in defense of your position that 'An Education' was a good film. You are of course entitled to do so and I would be interested to hear them.\\") and so I decided to take you up on the challenge.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />Andrew Ellingtoniopath, he was a human being.    Next you attack his friends by saying \\"Equally disappointing is the couple he hangs out with--except for one scene where there is a confrontation with Jenny, they really have little to do.\\"  They are there to represent a certain lifestyle and culture, and they do that effortlessly (especially Pike, who is a glorious supporting playing in this film, showing an earned understanding of her place in her man's life).    This point especially got me.  You state, regarding the headmistress, \\"After she finds out David is Jewish, she blurts out that the Jews \\"killed our Lord\\". Not only is she depicted as a vile anti-Semite but she cruelly rejects Jenny's request to be reinstated.\\"  Again, `LOOKING FOR SOMETHING TO TEAR AT'.  She was a woman of the times, and a very strong woman at that.  Her viewpoint regarding the Jews was not an uncommon one and so the film shouldn't be attacked for portraying her in a way that felt authentic, and her rejecting Jenny's request shouldn't be looked at as tyrannical in any way.  She had to uphold a sense of justice, and she had to set an example for the other girls who may have been influenced by Jenny's indiscretion.  Jenny was not a bad girl by any means, but she was foolish and there are consequences to be paid.      That is life.    Well, that is about all I have to say in rebuttal, so I'm going to generate my own review now.  With all that I have already said, I will keep this briefer than usual.    For me, `An Education' is one of the better films to come out this year (of Oscars top ten `Best Picture' nominees, it is my favorite).  The plot is swift and poignant, and while it doesn't really bend any rules or go anywhere different than the norm, it does everything other films have done, only better.  The acting is probably my favorite aspect of the film (Mulligan's natural and delightfully sincere portrayal of young Jenny is the best of the year, bar none, and quite frankly one of the, if not THE, best of the decade).   I also adored Rosamond Pike and Olivia Williams and Alfred Molina and Dominic Cooper, and while Sarsgaard (a personal favorite of mine) is not best in show, he is remarkable astute to his characters development.  I personally don't understand those who criticize Sarsgaard for playing David as a creep.  We are supposed to see the shifty eyes, but are supposed to be duped but the charm.      We are.    The elements of this film all come together nicely to create a crisp and colorful package that is as technically engaging (from the posh night clubs to the authentic classrooms to the stunning cinematography, tantalizing score and delicious costumes) as it is emotionally stimulating.  The film, for me, plays with the subtlety very nicely, allowing us to sink into each scene as if we were right there, the characters slowing unveiling themselves so that we are never forced their transformation but allowed to witness it in gradual, and honest, progression.    This is an odd review for me, but I hope that it was helpful to some and at least interesting for all.  Turfseer, I hope you understand that I am not trying to target you or attack you.  You are entitled to your opinion, but you challenged me to debate you here (your exact words were \\"I noticed that you offered no arguments in defense of your position that 'An Education' was a good film. You are of course entitled to do so and I would be interested to hear them.\\") and so I decided to take you up on the challenge.    Sincerely,     Andrew Ellington
B001CO42MU|5.0|This is a classic, must have in collection. The quality and sound are amazing. The best way to movies so far... The PS3 Blu-Ray. I can't wait for my other purchases such as Man On Fire (Blu-Ray).
B00003CXGG|4.0|There was a time, at the beginning of this past decade, when Jet Li was the definition of cool.  Everyone I knew flocked to his movies, and he turned them out, one right after the other.  His slick combination of urban attitude and martial arts amazement left the audience stunned.<br /><br />Of all his ventures, this may be my favorite.<br /><br />The story is rather predictable and definitely `by the numbers'.  Han Sing is a cop who flees to California to exact revenge on the men who murdered his brother.  Along the way he runs across the beautiful Trish, whose father (and brother) is at war with Sing's family, both fighting for control of some waterfront property (it's more dangerous and corrupt than it sounds).  With mixed loyalties and betrayed trust, both Han and Trish find that blood may not be thicker than water.<br /><br />Hehe, that was kind of corny, wasn't it?<br /><br />Anyways, this is a really fun movie.  There are parts of it I'm not too crazy about (the x-ray fight scenes displaying breaking bones came off more cheap than intriguing), but for the most part this is an exciting and entertaining film.  The acting is all generally very good for this brand of film.  I think only Isaiah Washington annoyed me.  The fight sequences are nicely choreographed (it's no surprise that the films director is a former choreographer) and they remain interesting and fresh feeling (especially the jail break out and the football scene, both of which are brilliantly staged).<br /><br />Li and Aaliyah have splendid chemistry.  It's a shame that this beautiful and talented woman left us so soon.  Not only was her music stellar, but her acting was very natural and it was apparent that she would have had a long and lustrous career.  The script kind of paints them as stereotypes of genre (the straight arrows in corrupt families), but they definitely make the most of it.  Delroy Lindo is always effortless in his roles, and this is no exception.  For me, Anthony Anderson steals the whole movie.  I just find him hysterical, and he never misses a beat.<br /><br />The ending is predictable, but it's welcome.  This doesn't reinvent the wheel, and it doesn't add anything spectacularly new to the genre, but it presents a fun and breezy cinematic experience, so if you like hip-hop in your kung fu then this movie will certainly do the trick.ical, and he never misses a beat.    The ending is predictable, but it's welcome.  This doesn't reinvent the wheel, and it doesn't add anything spectacularly new to the genre, but it presents a fun and breezy cinematic experience, so if you like hip-hop in your kung fu then this movie will certainly do the trick.
B000JIHP88|2.0|I wish there had been some way to tell before ordering, but this mobile will not fit your crib if your top rail is any bigger than about 3 and 3/4 inches tall.  There is a plastic lip on the upper back side of the mobile that is supposed to rest on the top of your crib rail - no problem so far - but there is also a lower lip a few inches down.  If your rail doesn't fit between these two lips, you can still tighten the clamp, but the mobile won't lay flat against the crib, and it could easily be bumped and fall on the baby and/or scratch the crib. I have the Babyletto Mercer crib, and the top rail is just about 1/4\\" too tall for the mobile.     It is too bad because it is a wonderful mobile - I loved the bright colors, adorable animals, leaf movement, and musical choices (though the rainforest one was especially quiet). The music is not grating, static-y, or tinny sounding like so many baby products.  If there were any way I could keep this, I would.  Hopefully, I can find a similar one that attaches differently.
B0018QOIXU|5.0|Such a beautifully powerful surprise, Adele's debut album `19' is still lingering on my skin days after listening to it for the first time.  Yes, like everyone else I have heard `Chasing Pavements', but it was a brilliantly sung forgettable song for me.  It just didn't have this \\"YOU MUST BUY MY ALBUM\\" quality about it.  All this `Amy Winehouse, Kate Nash' comparisons got me interested, simply because I consider `Back to Black' and `Made of Bricks' to be two of the best albums I own.  Eventually, it was a nice MP3 sale on this site that urged me to actually purchase the album, and THANK GOD FOR THAT!<br /><br />Honestly, I would have paid $20 for this.<br /><br />First of all, I want to say that Adele really does sound like a more polished version of Kate Nash.  I adore Nash and consider her one of the most talented artists we have working today (hurry up with that sophomore album!) but Adele's vocals are superior (even if I still prefer the artistry surrounding Nash's brilliant debut album).  There is a crispness about Adele's voice that folds into the flaws, the rasp that permeates and creates that luscious jazz feel to her album.<br /><br />Her voice leaves me in awe.<br /><br />Right from the very beginning, all the way to the very end, Adele keeps my attention, deservedly so.  `Daydreamer' was a stunning way to open the album.  It is simple, sure, but it establishes her as a vocal act.  Her voice shines so beautifully, bouncing through the repetitious musical arrangement and cutesy lyrics with a real attention grabbing authenticity.  The closing track, `Hometown Glory', instantly rests heavy on your heart.  Everything about the song is so moving, from the heartfelt lyrics to the piano laden musical arrangement (aching of longing) to Adele's glorious vocal presence.  These two tracks are beautiful bookends to this beautiful album.<br /><br />Some of my favorite tracks on the album are the ones that lend a spunky edge to Adele.  Songs like `Cold Shoulder', `My Same' and `Tired' have a cheeky hip-hop influence that meshes marvelously with her smoky jazz scene aesthetic.  `Cold Shoulder' may be my favorite track on the album.  It has such an infectious vibe, it is instantly gravitational.  The way her voice cracks ever so slightly on the chorus is so earnest and endearing.  The slinky vibe of `My Same' is equally as infectious.  The lyrical content (updated version of `Opposites Attract', nearly) is fun, fresh and honest (in a playful way).  `Tired' is one of the songs that automatically calls Kate Nash to me.  I could see Nash singing this song (maybe that's why I LOVE it so much).  `Right as Rain' feels like an Amy Winehouse song, and Adele pulls it off marvelously.  She just really has the genre wrapped around her finger.<br /><br />`Best for Last' runs right off of `Daydreamer' beautifully.  It has that simple opening that picks up pace at about 40 seconds in.  Adele establishes her musical stylings on this track, and jump starts the rest of the album.  Like I said, `Chasing Pavements' is a beautifully sung track, but it still doesn't `hit me' like it has so many others.  It is probably my least favorite track on the album (which says a lot for the album, since the song is still very good).<br /><br />The lullaby feel to `First Love' is brilliantly used.  I just love the delicacy of the musical arrangement, for it lends itself marvelously to Adele's vocals.<br /><br />Adele's take on `Make You Feel My Love' is beautiful, if a little conventional.  It doesn't have a spark that causes it to stand out, but the song is still beautiful, and her vocals are outstanding.  `Melt My Heart to Stone', for me, is a more affective ballad.  I love the lyrical structure, and her voice dances around the words so earnestly.  `Crazy for You' has a simple structure, but Adele's complex vocal styling adds so many layers to this track.  It's easily one of the best on the album, for it captures a style ages old but brings a modern feel to it.<br /><br />Since I like to do this, I'll go ahead and list the tracks from my favorite to least favorite:<br /><br />1) Cold Shoulder<br />2) Tired<br />3) Melt My Heart to Stone<br />4) Crazy for You<br />5) My Same<br />6) Hometown Glory<br />7) Daydreamer<br />8) First Love<br />9) Right as Rain<br />10) Best for Last<br />11) Make You Feel My Love<br />12) Chasing Pavements<br /><br />In the end, this is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time, and can rest next to `Made of Bricks' and `Back to Black' as one of the best albums I own.rom my favorite to least favorite:    1) Cold Shoulder  2) Tired  3) Melt My Heart to Stone  4) Crazy for You  5) My Same  6) Hometown Glory  7) Daydreamer  8) First Love  9) Right as Rain  10) Best for Last  11) Make You Feel My Love  12) Chasing Pavements    In the end, this is one of the best albums I've heard in a long time, and can rest next to `Made of Bricks' and `Back to Black' as one of the best albums I own.
B002XTBE6K|4.0|I really liked this version of Emma.  It is definitely one of my favorite books.  The only thing missing is the passion when Knightly confesses his love for Emma.  I was anticipating this scene.  I love the build up and hidden passion of the scene, for me it was missing.  Other than that it was a very good adaptation.
B002WY65W4|5.0|ZOMBIELAND is a \\"hoot.\\"  This is a fantastic film worthy of its hype.  Woody Harrelson and Jesse Eisenberg absolutely nail their parts.  I would love to see these two fine actors together again in a sequel.  The overall plot of the movie is about a comedic journey.  The zombies are background noise as they should be to an otherwise brilliant comedy.  The film has British humor overtones at times.  This fact likely struck my fancy.  (I love British comedy.) The \\"rules\\" had me roaring with laughter.  The quest for a Twinkie and the glorious, magnificent cameo by a surprise guest star (I won't spoil it for you) make this film soar to the top of the horror comedy genre.  If you like comedy, you'll enjoy the film and its absurd setting.  If you are into the zombie genre, you will find this film a delightful and wonderful diversion from the norm.
0545123267|4.0|This is the story of a werewolf and human falling in love.  While the writing was very original, the style almost lyrical at times, I just couldn't get into the story.  Why the high rating then?  I can appreciate the quality of the story even while not enjoying the subject matter.  I'm not a fan of vampire or werewolf stories (unless told by Terry Pratchet) but this book should appeal to readers who do like them.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I so loved the compactness and intensity of this workout. Best for someone with limited time --I'm mom of two girls under 5 -- wanting a great workout. Saw results on my buttocks within one week. I felt leaner and stronger all over. Would definitely recommend this.
B0030BOCEG|2.0|I was introduced to H.I.M in late 2007, by a friend who played \\"Venus Doom\\" for me. I wasn't sure about it, but quickly became a very big fan of this band. Going back through Love Metal and Razorblade Romance, I could hear the progression to Venus Doom, one of my all time favorate albums from any band much less just H.I.M.<br />Now we come to \\"Screamworks\\", Wow, they REALLY didn't even seem to try with this album, backpedaling to where the real nice deep vocals Ville Valo would throw into a song that gave it a nice \\"darkness\\" is nonexistent, the songs have gone from anything resembling metal to pop drivel.  H.I.M is; (hopefully not was) what I consider to be a \\"Dark Gothic Romance\\" band.  I don't know what to call this \\"piece of work\\" they have released but it has made a mockery of what this band had been progressing towards; which was a delightful blend of darkness, tragedy, and romance. Now we have the same mindless, feelingless junk that most mainstream Pop bands give us with moderately better lyrics.  If you have heard \\"Heartkiller\\" and thought it was a mediocre song such as I did, unfortunately it is probably the best song on the album.<br /><br />I want \\"prelude to tragedy, Kiss of Dawn, Sweet Pandemonium, Vampire Heart,Cyanide Sun...Etc Etc...real H.I.M.  I am very disappointed with this album and hope they change gears for the next one.  I really like this band, but I DO NOT like this album and have a feeling that they will lose quite a few fans if they continue down this POPPISH path.
B000AMJG4Y|5.0|I must say this movie is by far my all time favorite movie. I have literally watched it 40 or more times and it still hasn't gotten old. I first bought this movie in UMD format for my PSP (original). But finally I decided to buy the dvd format because I have pretty much always wanted to see it on a bigger screen. I would buy the blue-ray version (Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children Complete, I think), however I'm in no mood to pay a bit extra even though my PS3 (original) would play it very nicely. Plus its not really worth the extra money just to get better quality when the movie is great in any format. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone who loves fantasy and role play games. Even if you have not played a single Final Fantasy game in your life, the movie is amazing.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|This woman is a icon to music.  I love her sound of music.  Sade, you are so beautiful and you make great music.  You are sensational.  In the music industry, I don't really think there is no one out there who could top your style of music.  Some people may not begin to understand what your music is all about.  Just about every song on \\"The Soldier of Love\\" album is my favorite, but the one that stands out for me is \\"The Soldier of Love\\" of course.  \\"Baby Father,\\"  yes, take it back to your roots.  I just love Big That Easy.  What a wonderful voice.  \\"In Another Time\\" girl, I thought you were talking to me. Matter of fact, you are talking about me because I have been through some ups and down in my life and people has disappointed me, but when I listen to \\"In Another Time,\\"  I leave no trace of tears.  Thank you for that.  Keep doing what you do.  You, Sade, is such a classy lady.  I love you.     _____Carrieline
B000IJ79WU|1.0|Okay, I was sucked into the hype of the \\"original\\" directors vision. I was all set to be amazed, but instead, all I got was a essentially the same film, only much more inferior with MUCH less involvement from the actors (save for Reeve, and Douglas) and not nearly as exciting moments. The differences between the spliced scenes that were directed by Lester is SO amazingly evident, the actors are SO MUCH MORE INVOLVED with Lester than with Donner. It's almost amazing that so much of it was filmed before Warner came to their senses and fired him. Take the opening scene. C'mon here, this is SUPERMAN! Ask your self which is more exciting, having Supes fly to Paris and save Lois or having her jump out of a building and having him use his super breath to save her? Geez, can you say lame? The key to any good Superman movie is pacing and that's what Donner's cut sorely lacks. But the BIGGEST most glaring modification is the love scene. This absolutely makes no sense. The whole reason why Clark sacrifices his powers is to be with Lois as a human. But instead Donner STUPIDLY has them getting together BEFORE he loses his power. If that was the whole point, WHY give up your powers? Then after all this, the end of the movie has Supey spinning the world backwards again, just like he did in the first one. C'mon! You mean Donner couldn't come up with something more original? It's damn good thing Donner was fired. He totally ruined the sequel. This movie is just a curiosity to see what might have been. And in that respect, it is interesting, but I found myself bored out of my mind. As a curiosity, by all means, it should be seen, but it's not even CLOSE to the greatness of the Lester cut. Stick to the theatrical release and you'll be much happier.
B002UOMGVU|3.0|This disappointing \\"20th Anniversary Edition\\" is nothing more than the exact-same previously released Blu-ray packaged with a DVD that was part of another previously released gangster-themed set from Warners.    In other words, aside from the digi-book pacakaging there is absoloutely nothing new here.      The most annoying thing about this release is that Warners didn't confirm that this was simply repackaging of previously released discs until very late in the process.  In other words, hoping that many (like me!) would sell off their old copies and order this new one.     Well, you know what they say Warners...fool me once...    With all that said, the Blu-ray version is a solid transfer, and I don't have to tell most of you how great the film is.  Assuming you don't already own the prior release, this is a worthy addition to your shelf.  Otherwise, it's a definite pass.
0061914177|5.0|If you are looking for a tool to help you understand the importance of \\"Social Media\\" Crush It is the first tool you should look for.<br />Gary Vaynerchuk is at the top of the game when it comes to capitalizing on the world marketing via the internet. He will give you the most important word to know on the first page in chapter 9.<br />Gary shows how making his passion and using plain hustle helped to build his parents company from a 4 million dollar company to a 20 million dollar company!<br />These words you will come to know..DNA, Hustle, Passion, Care!<br />This is a must have tool in your arsenal for building your brand.
B000MV90B2|3.0|I'll concur in one line about all the praise regarding color, historicity, and generally great acting -- an outstanding movie about the military aspects of Napoleon's last 100 days and Waterloo.    However, both this DVD and the videotape version are edited by at least 20 minutes.  I saw the original release in England in 1970, and it was more like 2+27 or 2+30 at that time.  This movie completely chops out an excellent battle of Ligny sequence of about 10-15 minutes, more character development in the Ball scenes, and elsewhere.  This has been alluded to in other reviews, and I can explicitly confirm it here.  I bought this DVD elsewhere last year on the explicit statement that it was the \\"full length\\" version.  It is NOT.  Still excellent, but not the definitive version that SHOULD FIT on a DVD disc!  What was the point of releasing it on DVD, if only to transfer the chopped up videotape version?  A shame!
0446567337|5.0|When I started to read this book, I swear when I say I never put it down. I admit some parts where a little slow but all in all this book touched me. It makes me believe that there is still love out there. I cried my eyes out when i ended this book. It's a great read. :)
1579128149|5.0|I got this as a way to engage my 5th grade class with elements before we began our study of them.  The book informative and full of beautiful photography and the companion website ([...]) is equally stunning (and free).  Highly recommended.
B0006IIKS0|4.0|It's kinda, sorta entertaining.  This is a peek into what a 'tapped-out' band looks like when they try to make an album in their 'pasture' years.  There's very little insight left in these guys, they're brainless shells, they struggle to sound different and it spews out like crap rock from the 90's.  They're stuck in the 'makeover' phase from the 'Reload' album when the became born again by dressing up like Stone Temple Pilots.  It's like something is driving/dragging them to pull something together, some financial thing, some record deal, but they just can't do anything interesting. Hatfield is a total baby! During his tantrums, he literally looks at the rest of the guys and the camera to make sure they're paying attention, then slams the door as hard as he can.  These guys are stuck at 18 years old.  Watch this movie to see what happens when the 'fame' is over for Metallica. They've all become washed up, sobbing, constantly relapsing lame-o alcoholics and addicts. This movie should be a deterrent to anyone who considers overstaying one's welcome at being a famous rock star.
0739365916|5.0|it was a used audio book - I had hoped it would not be scratched and would read well.<br />One disc skipped quite a bit and would not read.\<br />The other disks were all ok
B000Z27HLS|1.0|This movie aired on my local PBS station Sunday night (2/14) and I found that I was unable to view it.  Again, the music drowns out the dialog (I have found this in previous PBS adaptations) I found myself straining to hear the words and wishing the music would just stop.  I wonder if anyone is viewing the film before it is released to the public.  Is this poor editing or just someone who is enamored with the musical score?  I don't intend to purchase the DVD for this very reason.
B001BTG3OQ|5.0|I have spent a great deal of money on great camera gear for my wife,   when I saw she was needing a flash, I knew it had to be powerful and fast ,  and it is.  Even shooting using the 70-200 zoom, it not only reachs the subject,  but needs to be adjusted down on occassion.   Bottom line, I am very happy, my wife is happy. It's the right tool for the job.
B002UNMW7O|5.0|This movie easily made my number one on the list of 2009's best titles. What instantly made me expect this movie to be great was that Ebert said it was awful. If the learnid and refined critics say its bad....then chances are its good. Everything that I loved about the first movie was brought back ten fold in All Saints Day. It was much longer, so there was room for a truly great story to develop. And the timing on all the humor was nearly perfect. One thing that I was really relieved about was that Romeo (Clifton Collins Jr) did NOT turn out to simply be a Rocco replacement. There are other characters and thier great performances but talking about them would spoil the plot. Bottom line: This movie is great! Period. And anyone who walked out ten minutes in has no right to bad mouth this movie since they didn't see it all the way through.
0312360266|3.0|I honestly haven't read the book yet. The book was in good condition but took forever to ship, longer than it should really.
0743497465|5.0|Hello!<br /><br />I loved the De Vinci Code [[ASIN:B001IC0I7E The Da Vinci Code]] (now available for the Kindle) and even more did I love Angels and Demons [[ASIN:B002CF0GP0 Angels & Demons]]. Then I read The Lost Symbol [[ASIN:0385504225 The Lost Symbol]] and loved the ride with one of my favorite fictional heroes: Robert Langdon - but, sadly,  I hated the ending.<br /><br />So I was not sure if I wanted to read any more Dan Brown; but, I decided every book can not be a hit so I just bought and read Deception Point and WOW! This is a TRUE BLOCK BUSTER of a novel, mystery, adventure. I could not put it down!<br /><br />I was disappointed with the two Ron Howard movies but I WOULD LOVE TO SEE Deception Point brought to life on the silver screen.<br /><br />BUY and READ! You will NOT be sorry!<br /><br />(And DAN!!! If you are reading this - how about a sequel? to this and to the Da Vinci Code?)<br /><br />ENJOY!
B002CAWNEM|1.0|A movie that borrows its theme from A hand that rocks the cradle, Disclosure and Fatal Attraction is a movie that stars Idris Elba, Beyonce and Ali Larter. Beyonce and Idris are a young couple who are in love and trouble comes in the form of obsessive Ali Larter as Lisa Sheridan who is a temp in Idris's office. She becomes obsessed with Idris and trouble ensues. It is up to the wife, to take matters in her hands.<br />I thought the movie was badly directed with no chemistry between Idris and Beyonce. Idris was great in the Wire but is wasted. Beyonce needs some acting lessons because she is extremely wooden and unconvincing as the wife scorned. There are several holes in the story which are unexplained, like Lisa's past. I only watched this movie because it was on Netflix instant play and my next rental had not arrived. I give it one star. 2/17/10
B000V86OKG|5.0|I fell in love with this series pretty quickly. It is about a serial killer who only kills people that hurt others. He is a blood spatter expert for the Miami Police Dept at the same time and is trying to live a normal life. Very interesting and keeps you guessing.
B00005O3VC|5.0|I love this movie. Ever since I bought it I have watched it over and over.
B00000AOUD|4.0|Classic extended play progressive rock cd that musically weaves back and forth and in and out of the main infectious melody.
1400063736|3.0|This is less a novel and more a series of interconnected vignettes about the lives of New York City residents on the day in 1974 when a daredevil walked a tightrope between the two towers of The World Trade Center.<br /><br />Actually, there is distressingly little about the tightrope walk, which was an interesting and exciting historical event. Instead, all the stories revolve around a disillusioned Irish priest, John Corrigan, and all the characters are being eaten by soul-destroying pain of one form or another.<br /><br />I'm of two minds about this book. While I admire McCann's writing skills and found some real gems in the prose, I could never get into the book and had to force myself to finish. Really depressing - I'm surprised Oprah hasn't picked this one.
B002QH2NUA|3.0|The set list for, \\"Good Evening NYC\\", was disappointing. The audience was waiting, song after song, for him to do some good Beatle tunes in the first half of the show. But songs like \\"Can't Buy Me Love\\" or \\"Birthday\\" never came. Instead he did some post Beatle tunes, and I think some new ones, that the audience really wasn't that familiar with. The second half of the show, however, was all Beatle songs. He did 16 Beatle songs in a row before saying \\"Good Night\\".   To close, his set list on other PM DVDs is better!
0375413405|5.0|Excellent source of basic & more advanced French recipes.  Since our way of eating has changed since then, it is often necessary to reduce the amount of butter and fat in the recipes but this is easily done and does not affect the outcome (in my opinion).  Re-discovered Chicken Fricassee which is absolutely delicious!!
B000OT8GCQ|3.0|I had several people recommend this book to me so I decided to read it.  I liked the second half of the book much better than the first, but overall I just felt it was way too sappy and unrealistic.
B000002H38|5.0|All I will say is that I wish Anita still sounded this good. Her warbling lately has become an incoherent mess. This is crisp and clear and the Anita Baker I remember. As for buying it used, I wish the seller had not written on the CD, but it doesn't affect the ability to play it, so it's fine.
1416550534|4.0|I really got into this book, as it's written well, just a real page-turner.  However, I agree with some of the other reviewers in that the ending was rather disappointing.  There was just so much suspense leading up to the ending, I expected something a little more \\"meaty\\" than what I got.  However, this book is certainly a good read, and I do recommend it.
B000G7PNAE|5.0|I bought this ALBUM when it first came out in the 80's. Since it was always one of my favorites, I decided to buy the CD and all I can say is that it still delivers. My iPod and I are very happy.
0743298039|4.0|I liked this book and would recommend it to anyone. There was a place or two in the book that I might have said......get on with the story, already, as there seemed to be just too much detail, which is why I didn't give it a full five stars.   However, the ending of the book was very good, and made me want to go back and re-read some parts of the book to see things in a different light.
1932100660|5.0|It's indeed a brave and wise book. If you want to stay healthy (and happy) throughout your life, ALL YOU NEED TO DO is to read this book and follow the principles HONESTLY. THAT'S IT!
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|viewed on a Panasonic 50\\" plasma via a Panasonic DMP-BD80 through a Yamaha RX-V869 receiver (5.1 speakers) and an HDMI splitter/amp.<br /><br />PQ - Some soft scenes (ie. William Hurt dialogue with other detectives in the first 15 minutes)  But so much more detail than the DVD in practically every other scene.  imho, this BD is as surprising as the Bladerunner HD release.<br /><br />i'd recommend the director's cut of the movie.<br /><br />AQ - outstanding, very atmospheric.<br /><br />highly recommended on BD.
B00171AEKW|3.0|We don't want this in the house.  BUT Rush Limbaugh has told us about technique of \\"The Big Lie\\" in Mein Kampf.   We are Tea Party Conservative Patriots and love the Constitution, but our country has been under attack from within--a gradual erosion--for the last 100 years.    We have the need, the duty to KNOW THE ENEMY, so it can NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN..so they can not SLITHER into their hidey holes and change their names their titles.    They are who they are and we must never listen to that Snake again.  We are armed with knowledge.      History has been altered we have the remedy for it \\"A Patriots History of the United States from Columbus to the war on terror\\" for reference,   we will avidly read the chapter on Progressives--the enemy (that is their new name--they will change it to Populist someone said)     We have \\"Liberal Facism: The Secret History of the American Left, From Mussolini to the Politics of Change by Jonah Goldberg, Woodrow Wilson and the Roots of Modern Liberalism( a tough read).      We have ordered \\"Rules for Radicals\\" and \\"The Coming Insurrection\\"  (the first they have been doing now, the second is the new plan and you need to know what their plan is).    ..Did you know how evil FDR was?  There was no need for that Great Depression!    We have not been abiding the Consitution and Capitalism for a 100 years--we should try it sometime.      I learned that the new American History textbooks will begin at 1865 (?) anything before that will be World History.    So we will be separated from our Founding Fathers, The Constitution of the United States of America with it's Bill of Rights and   The Declaration of Independence, the Revolutionary War, the Civic War--GETTYSBURG--GONE!!!       I do not trust the idea of Kindle now, all they have to do is remove God to take away our God Given Freedoms.      I have read The Five Thousand Year Leap, did you know that there is \\"The Religion of America\\" look it up in quotes and you will get that beautiful simplicity.      Did you know that Democracy is Unconstitutional? Democracy is Mob Rule and the Founders were dead set against it!      28 Principles, and they learned original languages to study the governments of world history and came up with something great! Freedom, not Slavery   --slavery is the norm for the world governments, we are a freak -we have Freedom.    Glenn Beck's books Commonsense, Arguing With Idiots and An Inconvenient Book: Real Solutions to the World's Biggest Problems,   Bill O'Reillys Culture Warrior (did you know that the ACLU manifesto is Communism?   It was open in the beginning but there was such an uproar they now do it \\"under the guise of Patriotism\\"    (I remember it being a HOTLY argued topic when I was a child)    It reminds me of the book 1984 and \\"new speak\\" where a word means ore leads to its opposite.   \\"Culture Warrior\\" is a MUST--if you don't know it, you are not on guard.    I DO HAVE WILLIAM BENNETT'S \\"AN AMERICAN PATRIOT'S ALMANAC-daily readings\\" which is wonderful!! I can read it to feel clean again.    God, help me I am ordering Mein Kampf with a copy of this note snd reference to chapter 10 on the inside cover.   --I looked up the big lie on wiki to get that--and not have my Soul tainted.
0316001821|5.0|I bought this for my daughter for Christmas. She loved it. So did her two sisters. And as usual, I had no problems ordering or receiving this book before Christmas.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|Okay... First off:  My girls (ages 4 and 6) and I LOVE this new Disney movie!!  It has all the classic Disney elements along with some new and modern themes as well.  The messages of The Princess and The Frog are excellent for children and adults alike:        1-Wishing really does only take you halfway... hard work is what helps to make dreams become a reality.        2-Too much of one thing is never good.  Too much hard work for Tiana and too much play for Naveen gives neither of them true happiness.        3-The tried and true:  Be careful what you wish for and don't try to take the easy way out!  Naveen thinks the Shadow Man is going to give him what he wants... he gets turned into a frog.  Tiana thinks kissing Naveen is going to get her the restaurant she wants... she gets turned into a frog.  Sometimes you spend so much time trying to get what you want, that you neglect to see what you truly need.        4-And of course, Love above all else.    There are some scary elements to the movie.  Like Dr. Facilier using the shadows to do his dirty work.  And of course the voodoo.  But it is New Orleans, and if you're going to have a movie based in New Orleans, voodoo has to pop in there somewhere.  Unless you want your villian to be a flasher for some Mardi Gras beads, but Disney doesn't really do the gratuitous nudity thing do they?  ^_^  So you just have to trust that this movie really brings back that Disney excellence from olden days long gone in this digital world.  The animation, the music that helps the movie along instead of being just filler, and of course, the characters.      The secondary characters in this movie really do steal the show.  Especially Charlotte and Ray.  Charlotte IS a spoiled girl who always gets what she wants, though when Tiana knocks the table over and gets dirty, Charlotte leaves the party and her \\"prince\\" to help Tiana get cleaned up and changed.  She is truly a good friend.  And Ray... the lightning bug.  He may be small, but when hetalks and interacts with the main characters, he really takes over the screen.  So if you want to laugh out loud, cry, gasp and cover your eyes, and have a GREAT time;  Please watch this movie!
B00275EGWY|5.0|This is a great film and does a superb job of recreating some of the realities of war.  While EOD is only one relatively small segment of the war, it epitomizes the dangers of IED's.  These units are highly trained, meticulous and bring a positive face of the military of civilians in the area of combat.
B001UV4XWY|2.0|THE BOX is set at NASA in 1976 because the director's father worked at the NASA Langley Research Facility here in Hampton, VA during the Mars Viking project.  I have an old car, and since the movie was set in 1976, my friends and I got to drive our classic cars in the background of a lot of the scenes that were filmed at NASA.  (When James Marsden drives and parks his Corvette in front of the Ried Conference Center, my car is the yellow 1971 Plymouth Road Runner that is in the very next parking space to the viewer's left of the space that Marsden takes.)  As a humorous aside, my friend that actually WORKS at NASA Langley says that you NEVER see that many people walking from place to place within the facility.  It's huge and you have to drive pretty much anywhere that you want to go!  Second, look at a map some time and see how far that Richmond is from NASA Langley!  I wouldn't want THAT commute every day!    But, as far as the movie's plot we were all a bit disappointed with the final product.  The Richard Matheson short story was very well written, and we all assumed that the movie was going to be an extended version of it perhaps with a few interesting twists and turns.  I had never seen Donnie Darko all the way through but I hear that it was also confusing and that it jumped around quite a bit as well.  I ordinarily like Cameron Diaz in most of her other work, but that phony accent has to go!  People in this part of Virginia don't have an \\"Atlanta\\" accent.  (Sorry to y'all if you might be in, or from, Atlanta!  But if it's not \\"Atlanta\\" then where IS it???  We couldn't tell!)      It's NOT a spoiler to tell you (you see it in the promo trailer) that Marsden and Woodle are driving the Bronco and get broadsided by a snowplow as they cross an intersection... the next scene?  Not a hospital or even police officers investigating the accident.  The movie just jumps to the next set of events and never answers the questions that you may have just raised.      Bottom line: There are too many cool special effects and twists and turns instead of answers to the questions that will surely be in your mind as you watch the film.  It's watchable, and enjoyable to see maybe once or twice, but just be glad that you didn't pay $10 - $15 each to see it in the theater!
B001LF3YQK|2.0|I am still using this thing because it kind of works, I guess. But it seems to be really cheaply made. The red sliding button does not slide easily, so it is not a one handed function, which was supposed to be the whole point right? And it pops off easily (my 2 year old pulled it right off in seconds). I don't mind the bulkiness that others have mentioned, because it does hold a lot of wipes, which I appreciate. But it doesn't snap tightly enough, so the wipes will dry out if you you are not very careful. The strap is a nice idea in theory, but I would be to afraid the thing would pop open if I tried to hang it from a stroller handle or something. Bottom line: just go with the little huggies one filled with wipes that you can get at almost any local store.
B002XMGGJM|4.0|I highly enjoyed the movie, Mr. Butler is amazing.  Actually, everything was so damn good untill the end.  Without ruining the experience for you with any spoilers, all I can say is do not expect the unexpected.  For such a smart movie all the way, the ending was very safe and convinient.      I would recommend watching it, but buying is upto you.
0061876747|4.0|If you are a Boyd fan, you don't need my recommendation - you'll read it anyway as I did.  If you are new to Boyd, I suggest you read one of his better novels such as \\"The Blue Afternoon,\\" or \\"Any Human Heart.\\" If you like well-written mysteries with imaginative characterizations of ordinary people in dire situations - you'll like this book.  This is far more entertaining than the trash found in the top ten fiction lists.
0060594896|5.0|I am only about a quarter way through and I LOVE it. I feel very inspired and can already see a difference in myself and my business.  HIGHLY recommended!
B0000DZ3DR|5.0|Gene's career seemed to have been defined by his stints in the Byrds but he was much more than that.  An excellent songwriter with a wonderful voice.  This is one of the few post Byrds recording where everybody else involved measured up to him.  There were two different CD releases of this album.  This one has the version of Changes he recorded with Carla and the other one has a really raw version of \\"Number One is to Survive\\".<br /><br />The basic tracks are awesome. Wonderfully played, well produced, excellent Harmony.  In my opinion this is his best post-Byrds work with the first Dillard and Clark album coming in second.  If you like folk rock or country rock or any of the songs he wrote and recorded with the Byrds you will love this.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|The first CD that I purchased in more than 2 years.  I wanted the CD, instead of MP3s, for its sound quality.  I am glad that I did.  Like all Sade's albums, with each listen, you can find some more subtle textures and nuances.  Clean and elegant productions.  It does not wear off after repeated listening.
B001KVZ6FW|4.0|I purchased this movie just to see why it was rated so highly, but I did not expect to really enjoy it, or find it to be all that good.  However, I did enjoy and it was very good, and I found myself completely into the whole story. Disney and Pixar have done it again.
B00028HBKM|5.0|Whether you believe in Jesus holiness being the messiah or simply a regular human being, you cannot deny this movie touched you in a way. Many people don't wish to understand that this movie is not about Jesus being tortured, but what he went through in his final moments on earth. Many also state that it is impossible that one can handle such beating and still be able to walk with a huge cross on its back. I did my thoroughly investigation after I watched this film for the first time, browsing through websites from people that have studied such brutal events like the crucifixion. I even watched a special documentary on the Discovery Channel when this movie was released in the theaters, regarding Jesus deaths and all events he went through and they all concluded that it was not pretty to witness it. Back in those times many people were crucified and they had to endure torturous procedures before being killed in the cross. And Jesus, convicted for `swearing' he was the son of God, might of actually tolerated a bit more than the usual.<br /><br />It was a movie that took a lot of bravery and valor from Mel Gibson to make, and that courage paid off with this great film which includes terrific acting and cinematography.  `The Passion of the Christ' does contain a lot of violence and gore, something one must have in mind if they are easily offended by that subject.
B00280LYIC|5.0|unbelivable amazing fantastic         I love it totally awsome                                             that is all i can say
1439138311|2.0|I read this book for a book club and frankly I find there is just nothing much to talk about.  I kept waiting for something to happen or at least for Eilis to have some sort of epiphany about herself, but it never came.  Were people so reserved in that time that they had no self awareness?  Eilis just did what she was told, went where she was told, she reminded me a bit of the gypsy girl from Hunchback of Notre Dame, except that Eilis is supposedly educated.  I can forgive the gypsy because of her complete lack of education.  There were opportunities for Eilis to explore some of things that happened to her - such as the scene when she was trying on bathing suits with Miss Fontini.  But the exploration never came, what did Eilis feel, what did Eilis think?  We will never know.    And then to make matters worse it became \\"soap opery\\" in the 4th section.  Oh who do I love?  Is it Edward or Jacob?  Oops - I guess I got it confused with New Moon.  It seemed like a different book from that point on and I just could not wait to finish it.      Read at your own risk of boredom!
B001YIJOI6|5.0|COEUR DE PIRATE took QUEBEC and FRANCE by storm with her debut album that lasts only 30 minutes,but is a joy from the beginning to the end.COEUR DE PIRATE(her real name is B&Eacute;ATRICE MARTIN)do not possess a great voice,but compensates with a melodic sensibility that is amazing for a 20 years old girl.You may say to yourself:sounds like a young FRANCE GALL minus innocence.Actually,she writes her own songs which is always a plus for any artist.Try to resist ENSEMBLE or POUR UN INFID&Egrave;LE is virtually impossible.There is a good chance that you listen to this disc more than twice.One of the best debut album from a young FRENCH singer since V&Eacute;RONIQUE SANSON in 1972.That's a long time ago.I can't wait for her next opus.Go B&Eacute;ATRICE go!
B002ZG4Q5W|1.0|Despite what some say, I honestly think the old Criterion release looks better with an up-converted DVD player.  Studio Canal is trying to recast themselves as a new criterion-like lable, they are not off to a hot start.  You are better off trying to find the old Criterion release (plus the Criterion has the audio commentary track which is missing from this disc)  Shame on you Studio Canal for trying to compete with the best.  Leave the Great films to the folks @ Criterion.  Sad day for film lovers
B001GKYBXA|5.0|I'm embarrassed and upset with myself I bought this album so late--almost a year after it was released. When I first listened to it, I couldn't believe it is SO good. It was an incredible experience and I haven't been able to put it down since.<br /><br />This album--this album--is Paul's best since Band On The Run and one of the best of the decade. Sonically elegant, musically subtle and intelligent, with adventurous vocals and instrumentation, it's a perfect geometry of forms and substance. Daring, delicate, trippy, rocky, reflective, progressive, hypnotic, addictive, with a taste of psychadelia. Both for teenage kids and mature generations. You'll LOVE it. Just listen to it.
B002SJIO4A|3.0|I watched this movie the other night, and must say that I enjoyed it.  It was kind of weird and the whole premise was wayyyyy out there, but the aliens were kind of cute.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Got a great deal on this movie, and arrived super fast.  Love Star Trek- and never thought of myself as a trekkie til this movie!
B0018M6J90|5.0|I ask this movie as new and was perfect!   about movie I just can said that is funny and romantic! love the end of the story ....show that lifes is good and fair and sooner or later you can get what you wish!  whatch it!!!
B00003CXZ4|3.0|This is a intricate crime story, and somewhat confusing to watch.  The main character, Leonard Shelby (Guy Pearce)  has lost his short-term memory.  His long-term memory is intact.  He can remember details and everything that happened before his \\"accident\\", but cannot retain what he has done or said five or ten minutes after doing anything (anterograde amnesia).  He is unsure of who to trust, who are his friends, what is true and his only goal is revenge, finding the man who raped and murdered his wife.  He is focused only on justice.<br /><br />He is well-built, thin, handsome, wearing expensive suits, driving an expensive jaguar, but lives in ratty, run-down motels, paying cash for all he wants.  He is a former insurance investigator, very aware of his handicap, explaining to people in great detail why he has trouble knowing them or remembering what he told them.  He has to rely on others, his index cards, photos, and skin tattoos to latch on to his past thoughts and observations.<br /><br />Leonard has psychological issues as he fights and struggles to interpret the evidence he finds and keeps on index cards and hiding places.  The film starts from the endpoint, the murder of \\"Teddy\\" known as John Edward Gammell.  The film re-winds and stalls in the present at times -  it is complex and confusing to refigure the frames and realize how the meaning of events changes.  The bad and good criss-cross as the story unfolds.  It seems the color scenes are shown in reverse order and black and white are chronological.  The two sequences come together at the end of the film.<br /><br />Leonard meets a woman named Natalie after finding a note in his clothes.  Natalie at first is angry and resentful because she identifies Leonard with the clothes and car of her boyfriend Jimmy.  After being educated about Leonard's short-term memory she uses him to drive a threatening man out of town.  She offers to run the license plate on Leonard's latest tattoo to help in his investigation.<br /><br />The ending is somewhat of a surprise if you can figure out the movie's timeline.The ending is somewhat of a surprise if you can figure out the movie's timeline.
142313494X|5.0|Ok... Harry potter comparisons out of the way right now: Yes, it's very similar. But let's be real, I'm not dogging Harry Potter at all, I love the series, but HP is not exactly original itself. And that's not a bad thing. Star Wars, which I also love, is one of the most derivative works I could ever name. Akira Kurosawa's masterpiece Ran is, at its core, a retelling of Shakespeare's King Lear. Viewed this way, Percy Jackson is not a HP knockoff so much as it is a parallel narrative drawing from similar archetypes...     And how!    There simply is no reason to pit these series against each other. It's ok to love them both. I do. Where HP created its own mythos from its archetypes, PJ borrows more directly and it's really, honestly neat! The two books I first recall reading are The Hobbit and my dad's old college text, Myths and Their Meaning. PJ borrows structure from the first and detail from the latter. The gods are captured in all their petty glory. When people complain about the puerile behavior of the characters, they really don't see how well the gods in PJ emulate their classical counterparts. Those guys (and gals) were shallow, self-absorbed, knee-jerk-reacting, petty, gullible jerks... Just like they're portrayed in PJ! :)    I had a lot of fun with this and I'm eager to read the rest. Don't let harsh HP comparisons deter you. After all, Rowling is finished with HP and you need something new to read. PJ is a great fix! Run out and get it!
B001P9KR8U|4.0|Slumdog Millionaire is set in Mumbai (Bombay), India's slums focusing on a young boy Jamal Malik (Dev Patel)<br />He is a \\"slumdog\\", which is slang for street-kid.<br /><br />The first scene opens up on Jamal who has somehow been selected to appear on India's Version of the TV show, \\"Who Wants to Be A Millionaire?\\"  Jamal is not expected to win because of his disadvantaged roots, but he has had some unique experiences as a kid that enable him to guess the answers correctly.  Many flashbacks are shown as he is interrogated by police on how he knows the correct answers to very difficult questions.<br /><br />The story flows and moves at a good pace.  The life experiences of terrible poverty and treatment of children in Mumbai are both sad and somewhat funny at times.  The children know no other life.  The movie is full of life experiences as we see Jamal growing up with constant challenges.  He falls in love, comes close to death and overcomes many hardships. Everything ends tied together in a neat little package.
B001L51RQE|5.0|totally worth it and a great vid from the best band of the 80's... makes you wish you could see it live.  Closest youll ever get to a concert of theirs with a great documentary and newer live versions of classic songs.
B0000256KE|5.0|A MASTERPIECE, like the first, a mixture of genres that ONLY THEY HAVE BEEN PUT IN PLACE, POP-MUSIC, SPACE ROCK AND MUCH MUCH MORE.........GREAT
B002WY65VU|1.0|I have no idea what anyone really sees in this movie. It really undermines Woodys' talent and is boring, pointless and was a waste of time. I had to force myself to watch all of it. Considering this movie has mostly 5 star ratings im inclined to believe I should have made movies for a living. This movie made a lot of money and was garbage yet most of the U.S seems to think its just great. I could move the topic towards politics now.....But you really dont want to hear that rant......    I have a very nice movie collection. Movies we buy get saved in the collection even if they are just \\"fair\\". Below my fair rating doesnt make it on our shelves and this one will only see itself sold on Amazon for a penny. Funny thing is everyone I talk to thinks it was horrible yet everyone is rating it good?
0877180121|5.0|I'm not a piano player so am writing this review based on the feedback I've received from my daughter's piano teacher.  She loves the book and feels it's one of the best she's seen.  My daughter enjoys it too, and since I want her to enjoy her lessons, that's perfect!
B001F6TXME|5.0|This works great with my Nikon D90. The lock is very easy to use for those long exposures.  Would recommend this to anyone looking to get some long exposure shots, or just if you want to get some shots without camera shake!
B0000019HU|5.0|Amazing record by an amazing band that influenced many down the line; one of the godfathers of \\"math rock\\".  Dark and moody music, but with intricate interplay and bone-crunching sound when needed.  A MUST BUY FOR ANY FAN!
B000X107GI|5.0|5 pack of batteries brand new and as described. Great price, fast deliverly (one day)! I will make MYBATTERYSUPPLIER my supplier for all my battery needs. Great job!<br /><br />I even used a multimeter and tested all 5 batteries and all have 3.25 Volts. WOW!
0634022296|4.0|If you are trying to learn Beatles songs and are used to downloading the chords from the internet, this book is a great find. All the songs are there, and the claim is that they are presented in the original form that the Beatles played. I think that's true for most songs, but maybe not all.   That said, I wish the authors had put the measures in for the entire songs, not just the introduction/instrumental parts. If you're an advanced player, it won't matter, but then you probably don't need the chords either, just the lyrics.
0061922315|4.0|\\"Secret Daughter\\" is the story of two couples on opposite sides of the world - one in California and the other in India who have one thing in common: a daughter. A woman in India gives birth to a baby girl who would be destined for female infanticide but she cannot face the thought of losing another baby. So, she bravely gives the child up for adoption to an orphanage but spends her lifetime aching for her daughter. In California, a young American doctor struggles with infertility and is convinced to adopt a baby from India by her Indian husband. The story of these two families and their lives and the life of the young girl (known as \\"Usha\\" to her birth mother and \\"Asha\\" to her American family) is well written and touching.    As a working mother of two little girls, I related to the American mother and her struggles to raise the little girl while trying to maintain a career, her marriage and her sense of self. I went from relating to her character to being frustrated with her to understanding her as the novel progressed.    The Indian husband's mother in India is a lovely character as well and through her we are given a wonderful look into how Indian families can be both traditional and progressive at the same time.    I read this book from start to finish in two sittings which is rare for me and I am really looking forward to Gowda's next novel.
B000F48D4Q|5.0|Gene Hackman plays two entirly different characters. As usual he does an excellent job at both. Throughout his career he has bounced back and forth between playing the good guy and the bad guy. In Bite the Bullet he is partnered with James Coburn and the story line revolves around a horse race across America. There are several humerous incidents throughout however there is also a sensitive side that dvelops as the story progresses. I found it quite enjoyable. The Quick and the Dead portrays Hackman as an outlaw that made good who has become the controlling entity ina western town. Fortunately Sharon Stone sees to it the she gets revenge and deals Hackman his comeupance. As stated before, these two films should please anyone who enjoy Gene Hackman and westerns.
B001BANK32|5.0|Jack Torrance, his wife Wendy, and their son Danny check in to the Overlook Hotel in remote Colorado--sort of.  Jack, who struggles to be a writer and struggles not to be a drunk, has signed them up to be a caretaker family during the hotel's winter off-season.  The Torrances will be alone, isolated by distance, then cut off by snow.  Jack works away at his novel.  Wendy and Danny explore the empty hotel.<br /><br />The hotel is empty, but not abandoned.  It \\"shines\\" with the residue of past evil.  Dick Hallorann, the hotel's cook, explains this phenomenon to Danny before departing for the season.  Recognizing that they share a psychic ability to see more than others, Dick tells Danny to ignore what he sees.  It cannot harm him.  While the hotel cannot harm Danny directly, it can work through others.  As the book progresses, the hotel's evil takes gradual possession of Jack, releasing a homicidal rage that Wendy and Danny slowly recognize then desperately try to escape.<br /><br />This story will give you a lasting scare.  While you deal with this, savor two accompanying themes.  The first is a strong sense of history and place.  You get to know the Overlook Hotel in terms of what has happened there and as an ordinary hotel with rooms, a kitchen, ballroom, storerooms, and all of its other parts.  You will wonder how a place designed to meet its guests' daily needs can possess such a hidden hunger for their souls.  The well-written contrast between the ordinary and supernatural is part of the book's tension.<br /><br />The second theme is the book's illustration of the nature of evil.  Jack could not have been possessed by the hotel had he not taken willing steps toward it.  In a key scene, Jack enters the formerly empty hotel bar to find it fully stocked and tended by a former caretaker, now deceased.  Jack is slowly instructed in what he must do as a drink is prepared and set before him.  Weakened by his alcoholism, Jack takes this first drink, tacitly agreeing to destroy his family and giving the hotel greater power over him.  This \\"entice, agree, enslave\\" sequence repeats several times as Jack slips into madness.<br /><br />It all works out.  Leaving the reader thoroughly frightened and impressed.  Read this Stephen King classic first, and then see [[ASIN:B000UJCALI the Stanley Kubrick movie]].  [[ASIN:B000077VRT The later miniseries]] is also interesting, but not as moving as either of the first two.iving the hotel greater power over him.  This \\"entice, agree, enslave\\" sequence repeats several times as Jack slips into madness.    It all works out.  Leaving the reader thoroughly frightened and impressed.  Read this Stephen King classic first, and then see [[ASIN:B000UJCALI the Stanley Kubrick movie]].  [[ASIN:B000077VRT The later miniseries]] is also interesting, but not as moving as either of the first two.
B002PEP4C8|5.0|I was told to read this book in one of my college courses, and I never forgot how much it touched me. Unlike all the other books which had been assigned over the years, this is the one that remained on my book shelf long after I graduated. It is an inspiring book which touches your heart and helps you to understand how a person feels on their road from victim to survivor. I truly recommend reading this book...Never again will I call a person \\"lucky\\" after being attacked (read the book to understand this).
0394806220|1.0|I ordered several of these thinking I was getting a great deal. SO disappointed when they came as TINY, ABRIDGED versions of the real Dr. Seuss stories. These should be labeled better! I shouldn't have to sort through 100 reviews to realized they're not what they appear to be. We bought 4, paying almost $20 plus shipping, but only got $9 back after paying return shipping costs. Biggest rip-off ever! If I had wanted books to put in my diaper bag- these would have been great. But as it is, I just feel swindled. Amazon- PLEASE clearly indicate that these are not the original Dr. Seuss books!
B00001OH7X|5.0|Wonderful recording of quirky and interesting pop music. Many disregard it for it's pop appeal and many others disregard it for it's experimental reach, and there are those who think it sounds dated.  Man, Chuck Berry sounds dated, Hank Williams sounds dated, Early Clash sounds dated,, The Kinks sound dated, The Stooges sound dated and they all sound magical and magnificent. Lodger is how a lot of music sounded in the late 70's, but better and for me this particular recording  echoes Iggy and Bowies collaborations on \\"The Idiot and \\"Lust For Life from the late 70's.  Same vibe at times, same sound. It is both experimental and pop, much of it is not that different from the first half of Low, really.  Great band, great songs, great production, great vision of smart pop for yesterday  people.
B000T9OP7G|4.0|Even with only 9 episodes, this first season of the Sarah Conner Chronicles is a blast. Combining great action, with great drama. Can't wait to watch the second and hopefully even more seasons of this great show.
006621131X|5.0|Have you ever awoken from a dream and yearned to tell someone close by all the seemingly concrete details that made so much sense in unconsciousness, but upon consciousness are rendered incomprehensible, even worse, banal when spoken? Or, have you ever had to retreat midway through a story about how interesting a scene or city was to have experienced with that sad qualifying statement: \\"Well, I guess you had to be there,\\" those blank stares and yawns from listeners way too much to bear?<br /><br />Well, I have. Patti Smith has not, at least not in the case of her exquisite new memoir, \\"Just Kids\\". The difference between me and her is that my attempts to transcend mere description when writing about my past always deflates either into senseless name dropping or banal \\"my summer vacation essay\\" style explorations, whereas Smith, in \\"Just Kids,\\" transcends all the pitfalls of the memoir genre and tells a poignant tale of two struggling artists in the late 60s - 70s in New York City--her and Robert Mapplethorpe--without sounding pompous, pretentious or boring.<br /><br />It's always the inexplicable that's most interesting. If you strip away what's ineffable about the spirit of a defining period of time you are left mainly with the banal: eating, sitting, hanging out, arguing, making money, paying rent, and so on. That's why memoirs are so difficult to execute and only a talented writer tempered with restraint, such as Patti Smith, can adequately do the genre any justice.<br /><br />As I was reading \\"Just Kids\\" I was continually struck with just how easy this book could have degenerated into a self-absorbed, indulgent tale of bohemianism and name dropping. The story itself is set up to lend itself to this sort of abuse. The fact is that Patti Smith and Robert Mapplethorpe were in New York City during an especially vibrant and exciting time for art and artists and otherwise bohemian types. The beats, rock and roll, which was still relatively new and exciting, Andy Warhol, the Velvet Underground: the list goes on: see, I'm name dropping; it's hard not to do!<br /><br />Instead, Smith uses a contemplative voice to recount her and Mapplethorpe's travails as they both went from two unknown starving artists to the great stars they later became. Where it could have been an appallingly boring story of braggadocio, such as telling the story of their ascendancy from front of the house to the \\"round table\\" at Max's Kansas City, instead is done masterfully through Smith's self-depreciation and reluctance.<br /><br />As much as the reader gets an insight into Robert Mapplethorpe, his personality, sexuality, and art, he still never lets the mystery of his character bleed through, certainly not a two dimensional character. In a way, he's the one holding the reader in suspense throughout the book. This demonstrates just how talented Smith was to carry this off--and how telling! for it was ultimately Smith who never completely came to an understanding of him. For instance, on numerous occasions she states her bewilderment at a finished piece of art, or his subject matter (the gay S&M underworld of New York City, e.g.) or the sudden choices he would make, for instance running off to San Francisco. The true nature of the cohesion in their relationship was not in the things Mapplethorpe did, per se, but in the transparency of the processes behind Mapplethorpe's art and life. Isn't it the processes of an artist that other artists are most drawn to?<br /><br />In some key ways, the two were very different. He was supremely ambitious and she was content at creating her art in obscurity, at least in the beginning. In a way, she was the grounding figure, ultimately benefiting him with some stability, whereas he was the ambitious figure ultimately benefiting her with some will to achieve. What a perfect match! They were each other's greatest champions! and it's this element that is the most important narrative thread throughout the book. Could they have done it without each other?<br /><br />Smith's perspective on this fascinating period in New York's art-bohemian scene is insightful. Having an avid interest in this cultural phenomenon, I especially enjoyed it. I am familiar with many of the people who fill these pages and the intimacy with which Smith tells the story brings me closer to their cultural milieu.<br /><br />In the end, the two (as happens so often in life) drifted apart: not out of transgression, betrayal, loss of interest, but because they were maturing and finding their own ways to carry on the art and life they dreamed of together, that they promised one another they would never abandon. She eventually moved to Detroit to marry Fred Sonic Smith of MC5 and he stayed in NYC.<br /><br />The last chapter describing Mapplethorpe's death and Smith's presence during it is nothing less than heart wrenching. I knew it was coming, but was not prepared for the impact his death would have on me that afternoon. This is where Smith really shines! Her tender ruminations on the dying and death of her lover and friend, her soul mate, is perfect. She adroitly straddles the line between sentimentality and description masterfully, never letting you stray too far into the sadness of it (as she did not let herself get lost in the despair of his death) while also avoiding mere description, leaving you to perhaps, say to yourself: \\"Ah, drag,\\" close the book and go on about your business. This book sticks with you.<br /><br />As a side note: God! how I would have loved being there in New York City at this time! I grew up in North Jersey in the seventies. I was too young to have had access to NYC during most of the period discussed in this book. But, even if I did, I was unlucky to have been a philistine Jersey redneck (which is different than any other redneck, but not necessarily in a good way). I did actually go to NYC often in the late-late 70s and early 80s, but thought it was bohemian enough to walk around the West Village and hang out in Washington Square Park doing whippets until one in the morning. How sad. What a squandered opportunity! Oh well, I guess there's a reason why I went to diesel school, instead. Reading Patti Smith's book, at least, allowed me to live vicariously for awhile.<br /><br />I also recommend seeing Patti Smith live. She drew blood for us, literally. I will never forget her.
B00127RAJY|3.0|A lot of my friends like this video and I got it to try.  If you like a lot of cardio and jumping then you will like it.  I personally don't like Jillian Michaels' personality so it doesn't work for me.  It doesn't motivate me and I was kind of bored with it.  I only did level 1 though and it wasn't as organized as a 30, 60, or 90 day program that spells everything out for you.  It all comes down to personal preference but personally I don't prefer Jillian Michaels.  I really like Chalene Johnson though and love doing her workouts.  I guess that's why there are a million different workout DVD's out there.  Pick the one you like.
B0017V7GLC|4.0|Upon first listen, this album was a shoulder shrug. Definitely a HUGE step down from the amazing \\"Witching Hour\\". I didn't find myself getting too far into this album without wanting to switch back to their other albums. However, after a few listens, it seems to catch on quite nicely. Even though I still maintain that this is Ladytron's weakest effort to date, it's still decent and enjoyable. The highlights are \\"I'm Not Scared\\", \\"Burning Up\\", \\"The Lovers\\", \\"Deep Blue\\", \\"Tomorrow\\", and \\"Versus\\".    Not a bad album at all, it's just \\"eh...\\". If you've never heard any of their work before, and you're thinking of becoming a fan, you won't want to start with this one. Start with \\"Witching Hour\\" or \\"Light & Magic\\".
B001CDLATE|5.0|Want to know what your A/V equipment can do, especially on the image side?<br />This is the disc to show you, you will be dazzled by the video quality.<br />Not a typical 'movie' or 'documentary', a story told with haunting sights and sounds.<br />Every boutique A/V shop needs to have this and use it generously to get the point across.
031606792X|5.0|I bought this book for my daughter, it was a great value and in great shape upon arrival.
006112429X|3.0|I've just finished reading this book -- the first 2/3rds took me several months of putting it down when *another* unnecessarily complex or obscure word jumped out...the last 1/3rd I did last night. That sort of sums up how I feel about it: you push on because something HAS to be different sooner or later, and when the differences reveal themselves, you wonder where this great, smooth writer's been hiding for the first 200 pages. You know what's coming because it's the premise of the book, but you know it's not exactly what you're expecting because, well, there's a whole 450+ pages between this fact and the 'reality' as it played out. That's what you're reading for, in the end. The how, not the why. Unfortunately the 'how', which should be the journey, comes much too late in the book, after Eva talks about anything, usually not Kevin. (Yes, dear author, we get the irony of the title.)    If Shriver had the answer to Kevin's 'why', this book would be a lot more significant. Instead we have a broken recollection from a narrator so unreliable we try less to believe her words than figure out why she'd say them a certain way. I suppose if there is a 'why' asked with this novel, that's it -- because Kevin's never a case of why. His evilness is explicit from the start, at least from Eva's perspective. So of Eva I asked 'why' as she told me, in great (if disjointed) detail, 'how' Kevin was. And I enjoyed the 'how' in the same way I enjoyed 'The Omen'. I'm not sure that's the reaction Shriver wanted from me, but it's actually when the book stopped trying to be so literary and embraced the fact that it was about a twisted young man that things got interesting. I realise that probably puts me in the same scathed demographic as those decried by the book's nature, we armchair train-wreck addicts, but Shriver benefits from our fascination with the macabre too, so I don't see her complaining.    Without indulging in spoilers, I can say that I feel the biggest issue readers might have with this is how little was done about Kevin. If we discard the unreliable narrator excuse, he was doing and saying things from an early age that simply screamed 'psychopath' or at the very least 'sociopath'. Eva's collusion with these, coupled with the father's blistering optimism despite such strong evidence, just seemed a bit beyond acceptable contrivance at the time. It certainly doesn't endear you towards Eva, who at once comes across as the one who 'gets it', who's 'onto' Kevin, and yet carries the most blame for not acting on what she saw coming.    Kevin's father, to whom she is writing, Franklin, suffers from the greatest injustice a first-person narrative can inflict -- no voice of his own. I had to remind myself of this as Eva/Shriver related events and conversations, although 'related' could easily be taken as 'manipulated' here. Despite this, he remains the character who evoked the strongest feelings in me, as a reader. In this way, I think Eva's attempts to demonise her husband backfire quite frequently. He is, eventually, too much a cardboard cutout of the All-American Dad to be taken seriously, and Shriver relies on Eva to get away with it.     The much touted nature-vs-nurture arguments this book tries to encourage are undermined by Shriver's decision to make Kevin 'bad' from the start. As I said above, she doesn't have the 'why', so she uses an easy, pre-made one: Kevin is born evil. However many moments of great writing I found in the prose, this lack of 'clean slate' on Kevin's behalf nagged at me; in that case, the puppeteer's strings were too thick, but you could argue in Shriver's defence that is because the puppet she's trying to hold up is so heavy and intense.    Speaking of defence, I want to support those reviewers who put this book down due to the writing style. The language really doesn't let up and I felt myself bombarded with a sense of Shriver throwing her erudition in my face. This isn't really helped by the conceit of 'letter-writing', which should feel a little more naturalistic than we get from Eva's highly polished, linguistically surgical descriptions. I'd also like to mention my distaste at an expat American author using a book of this weight to indulge in occasionally predictable and certainly hypocritical diatribes against American culture. (It is ironic that she uses Kevin to point out the hypocrisies, though...as though Shriver's castigating herself, but on her terms. I find this a little cowardly.)    There are moments of real genius in this book, but, ultimately, I can't overlook the fact that all the clever plotting, the revelations and the twists are pulled down, almost fatally, by the highbrow language, the unbelievable characters and, most importantly, Shriver's inability to talk about Kevin as anything beyond a dull mirror concealing (poorly) everything she feels is wrong with American culture. Even if we want to agree with Shriver, and to a degree with Kevin, a character that enters the world to be such a vessel for all that we loathe in ourselves but is not long after his birth tormenting everyone around him is not subtle enough a touch.    I think this'd make a better movie than book, free of Shriver's heavy-handed vocabulary and handled by a director who knows the value of tighter writing and loaded dialogue, who can make commentary without being obvious about it. Alan Ball, the Coen brothers, someone of that calibre. And in this respect, Shriver has definitely delivered: We Need To Talk About Kevin is a perfectly good basis for screen adaptation. Excise the author's distracting influence on Eva, give the other characters a chance to tell (or at least show) their side and use Shriver's plot (which has some truly disturbing events) and you have a pretty solid 2 hour experience.     As a book, though...I regret buying it for two people before reading it myself, based solely on the premise.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|I originally bought this from iTunes, believe it or not, because I don't subscribe to HBO and had heard the series was very good. It comes off well viewed on a Touch, but I don't have tons of storage available, so when the complete series became available on DVD--and on sale--I jumped at buying it. All told, I've watched the series at least four times now, and my husband has seen it twice. I'm sure we will watch it many more times in the future.      I love the way the series makes this point in history come alive for the viewer. The production staff went all out to make sets and costumes that were realistic for their time, and there are many little things that the casual viewer might not notice. For instance, most modern audiences are unaware that the stirrup was not available to riders of classical antiquity, so they had to be really good! The series was particularly well cast, too, especially Kevin McKidd and Ray Stevenson. The additional footage on the production is well worth watching too. One thing I should mention though is that I rather dropped my jaw during the first episode, because I was not prepared for the nudity and sex as portrayed. I would not call it gratuitous, however, because it helped illustrate one of the basic premises of the series: that the Romans, as much as they were like us, were very different in many ways. We must remember, too, that Caesar did not speak in Elizabethan English!
B002MW50KO|4.0|If you're a Dylan fan, buy it. If not, take a gamble. It put a smile on my wife's face, who is as sick of Bob Dylan as any spouse can be.
B002K0WBXW|4.0|Margaret Tate (Sandra Bullock), a high-powered and much disliked editor, is facing deportation back to Canada unless she can force her assistant (Ryan Reynolds) to marry her in a hurry.  He reluctantly agrees and takes her to Alaska to meet his family which includes his 90-year old grandmother (Betty White).<br /><br />I liked this movie a lot.  Bullock is talented, mature, and naturally funny and Reynolds is very likable.  On the down side, Bullock almost looks old enough to be his mother and that was a bit distracting.  The story has certainly been done before, but the actors' charm makes it feel fresh and Betty White provides some really belly laughs.  The exquisite Sitka scenery really had me fooled; I read that it was filmed in Massachusetts with CGI mountains.<br /><br />This rom-com has a familiar plot but clever writing and an appealing cast.  Recommended.
B0006OBPTA|3.0|The whole family loved part 1, and part 2 was even pretty good.  But, the whole experience will be ruined if you watch part 3. Part 3 is ridiculously awful.  The villains are so extremely evil, it's very unsettling to watch.  You keep waiting for something good to happen, but it never does, until that last 3 seconds of the movie.. BUT, that doesn't even come close to fixing the extreme dilemma.  The team of villains, lead by an infinitely rich psychopath, end up with even more reason (not that they ever really had any reason in the first place) to continue torturing Daniel.  If you want to feel good after the movie, then stop after part 1 or 2.  Part 3 will leave you wishing for a part 4 where ALL of the evil predators get mauled to death by lions.
B002YIHO7I|2.0|I cant believe this is the product of a ten year effort...lackluster rehashed material. I really enjoy Lovers Rock and was eagerly awaiting this release but I must say its a let down. I saw a recent interview where she stated she took so long so she could gather life experiences to wright about...these are the same songs rehashed but not as well done- just a shame. Only two tracks will make it to my Ipod and one of those is just for the saxophone part
031606792X|1.0|After reading Breaking Dawn, I've chosen to imagine the Twilight series ended (loose strings and all) with Eclipse.  At least then the characters would stay true to form and I would be free to imagine whatever happened to them all.  Breaking Dawn completely ruined the series for me, and I am so disappointed that Stephanie Meyer would focus on giving everybody a \\"happy ending\\" over doing the hard work (that good writers do) to keep her character development and storyline in line with what we've all come to \\"know\\" of them over the last three books in the series.  Breaking Dawn only \\"breaks\\" 1) all the rules about vampires and the main characters that Stephanie laid out for us in the first three books, and 2) she figuratively broke my heart by abandoning the nature of Bella, Edward AND Jacob's characters AND relationships that she so carefully developed up to this book.<br /><br />It was like someone else has written Breaking Dawn, someone who had only heard of the series but hadn't actually read it for themselves and tried to play along.  I've read better ending to Twilight in the fanfic realm, and I can't imagine what editor would have let Stephanie Meyer put this piece of garbage out as the series finale.  I literally dropped the book to the floor at least four times and walked away, deciding if I should bother to finish.  I continued each time hoping for a redeeming turning point, but was only further disappointed.<br /><br />I don't want to remember any of the characters as they are displayed (betrayed) in Breaking Dawn.  For me, the end of Eclipse (including the heartbreak of Jacob's loss and not knowing what will come next for Bella and Edward in the centuries to come) is a sufficient ending to the Twilight series if my only other option is to include Breaking Dawn's pathetic and desperate (to end the series??) efforts at wrapping everything up with a pretty bow on top.
1591843162|4.0|The idea behind this book is that you need to become an indispensable member of your organization -- your company, your club, your church, etc. It's not about doing ordinary work for an ordinary cause, but about becoming extraordinary.<br /><br />The kind of person who does this kind of work is creative, innovative, and unique. Like a linchpin, they're irreplaceable.<br /><br />As with his other books, Godin employs a unique vocabulary in Linchpin. These indispensable workers he calls \\"artists,\\" and the force that tempts them to settle for less, he dubs (to borrow a term from Steven Pressfield) \\"The Resistance.\\"<br /><br />This book is unique (even for Seth) in that it's not about marketing or management or even business at all. It's about you and what you (and I) will do with our lives.<br /><br />At first, it was hard to move through Linchpin. I wanted it to be like his previous book Tribes, which was full of pithy bits of wisdom and was fairly easy to blaze through (again and again).<br /><br />Linchpin isn't like that. It's more sophisticated and requires time to be digested. I've tried to race through this book multiple times and have failed. It wasn't intended to be read like that. It must be savored and appreciated.<br /><br />I will certainly be reading it again, but I imagine it will take me just as long to read through it a second time. I'm glad Godin finally wrote a book like this -- one that is meatier than usual, a book that requires you to fight through The Resistance just to finish it.<br /><br />Like Tribes and The Dip, Linchpin reminds us that we all have decisions to make, regarding our lives and our life's work. He doesn't give us the formula, just the challenge. It's up to us to choose to be remarkable. The question lingers for every reader: Will settle for less than extraordinary in what we do, or will we become indispensable?<br /><br />We don't have time for both.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The CD is phenomenal and so relaxing.  I received it very quickly and have really enjoyed each song!
B00288KNJU|5.0|Kudos to the few of those in the entertainment industry  who are now pkg their products like Disney & Univerasl.  I'm talking about the Blu-Ray/DVD Combo Movies.  Not only will I finally get a Blu-Ray player  but now I can have my kids watch that same movie  on my SUV's DVD player! Love it!  Great movie as well. Very very awesome.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|I bought this movie for my girlfriend....it's one of her fave's and her copy was missing.  She was thrilled to get it as one of her xmas presents and has watched it a few times, already -- once with me.  It is a great movie, albeit, leaning to the chick-flick genre.  The pacing in the film is quite acceptable, the story line is pleasant, and it has a feel-good outcome.  Can't go wrong with this film, unless you have a heart of stone.
B0036RPM8E|2.0|Poor old Hugh McDonald has been in the band for more than 15 years now. Besides not appearing on the cover, he practically does not appear on the show. There is not one single shot focused entirely on him (wait: there is one, when he plays the bass line at the beginning of \\"Keep the Faith\\"). As for the rest of the show, you know he is at the left part of the stage, and that's it. The paycheck must be really good.<br /><br />The show itself is much worse than the CURSH DVD from 2000. It's colder, it's not very muhc inspired, it's weird. I'm dissapointed.
B00003CXB4|5.0|I ordered this movie for my son and he has fallen in love with this timeless classic, just as I had when I was a kid. This DVD was NEW and still in wrapper as described and shipment was superb. Thank you!
0316044407|5.0|Amazon has always met or exceeded my expectations with the products that I have ordered. This order was no different. It arrived in a timely fashion--the book was in excellent condition--I would recommend Amazon to anyone who wished to buy books, videos or exercise equipment.
0307454541|2.0|After the first 150 pages of set-up, this book was indeed a compelling page-turner...until the last couple of chapters. Like many other reviewers, I found these to be anti-climactic.<br />This merits a one star deduction.<br /><br />I deducted a second star for the gratuitously graphic nature of the sadism. How much of this book's appeal is that it serves as lite-porn in a socially acceptable format...no need of a plain brown wrapper...for bus or train reading?<br /><br />I deducted a third star because there is little to be learned from reading this book...other than how easy it is for androgenous geeks to hack into your computer.<br /><br />This is Doritos reading: no noursihment, but once you open the bag, you can't stop until you've finished the last chip.
B00003CXAA|5.0|I am very impressed with this product. It came in without delay and is awesome! :) I also like the box the DVDs come in. Great to keep them all together.
6304711905|5.0|This is a great western about Wyatt Earp, his brothers, and Doc Holiday.  This has to be one of the best 90's westerns that was released, behind Unforgiven of course.
B001SWQYGI|5.0|This is a perfect solution for which one that need conect mutiple headphones in a studio or other ambient, great sound quality, small size, beutiful look!
0634022296|4.0|I saw this book on Amazon a couple of times, and I figured it was like all of the other Beatles books I've encounterd, way too technical for my playing level. Well I bought it and on the first day I had it I was playing Three Beatles songs. I'm thoroughly enjoying it. But, as most everyone else has said, the binding makes it extremely difficult to manage while playing,and since the other reviewers has found a solution, Thanks everyone, I'll fix the binding and I will be completely satisfied with this book. All for about $20.00. Well worth it!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Excellent collection! This is what Blu Ray was made for not seeing the makeup filled pores and blemishes of your favorite actor or actress.
B0014NDXGA|5.0|I love the \\"PinSeeker\\" mode.  Quickly hones in on the flag and with a very accurate reading.  This is much better than a rangefinder without that feature...I would NEVER buy one!
B002ZIAC26|4.0|Once again I'm late to join the game. I had not heard of Beach House before this album came out. (Just like I first learned of Spoon with \\"Gimme Fiction\\".) They are a duo out of Baltimore, who have released two prior albums. Their previous output has been compared to Mazzy Star among others. Their latest, \\"Teen Dream\\" is a rewarding listen for anyone who's into mellow indie pop with heartfelt, insightful lyrics. The music is infused with droning keyboards, lush synths, shimmering, incandescent guitar, and basic percussion. They use a real drummer for live shows but most of the album sounds like they employ drum machines. One bonus is the quality of the lyrics. Even though you're not always sure what Victoria Legrand is singing about, they fit the mood and style of the music perfectly. Her voice is remarkable and apparently she's had some experience in opera or at least taking opera singing lessons, not 100% sure.     \\"Zebra\\" begins with a softly plucked electric guitar and vocals that have almost a lullaby-like feel before opening up into a gentle, chugging beat. \\"Walk In the Park\\" sounds like it could be this year's \\"Two Weeks\\" (Grizzly Bear), although slightly mellower, but with similar soaring vocals, and a great outro with Victoria singing \\"More, you want more, you tell me...\\". \\"Lover of Mine\\" is a current favorite with a great middle part where she sings \\"The only thing you've got, you know you're better off without it\\". Of course, \\"Norway\\", their single, with those infectious breathy \\"ha ha ha\\" background vocals and woozy slide guitar to begin the beautiful melody that buries itself into you. And \\"Take Care\\", the album's perfect closer, gently sends you off like a benediction. This was the first song I heard off the album (thanks KEXP) and it makes quite an impression.     To be honest, one minor nitpick I have is that even though the songs don't all sound the same, they do have a similar feel and pace. Still, with great tunes, it's a small matter. I'm going to be listening to this repeatedly for the next few weeks. And I can't wait to see them live in late March.
0316168815|2.0|I recently heard about this book, The Lovely Bones, through a group of my friends talking about it at lunch. Not being much of a reader, I barely listened to their conversation, however, I did catch a few parts of it, and surprisingly, I was immediately intrigued. I decided to read this book, and being a high schooler, I was surprised I was actually excited to start reading. It was page after page of suspense at first and then as I hit about page 100, the excitement died down. The plot line started drifting off as the story began to drag on through what seemed like endless pages. Luckily, about halfway through the book, there was a little bit of action and suspense that ended up too, dragging on and on. I was completely unhappy with the end. I was expecting something a lot bigger and more exciting than what had happened. It was a very big disappointment. Overall, the book ended up being a disappointment and a waste of my time.     The beginning started off well with a strong attention grabber that held you for a while, filling you with different emotions: happy, sad and everything in between. It graphically describes Susie's rape and murder, but as another reader had said, how could the dog have found just and elbow? Was it skin from the elbow? Was it joints? It is never really said, which kind of fogs up the evidence. But besides that, I thought the beginning was very well written and I wouldn't have changed much. Most of the middle and the ending were very boring. They were full of random stories that seemed like they were put in there to take up space to lead up to the complete opposite of a well written, clever ending. If Alice Sebold had written the ending different, it may have changed my perspective on the book.    Overall, I think Alice Sebold got her point across, which was that everyone creates their own heaven, but what you create is based upon the impact you make on the people around you while you are alive. It would have made more of an impact on me ifit were written a different way. She exceeded in grabbing a hold of the readers' feelings and emotions in the beginning, but lost that hold as she pushed the story along.
B00028HBKC|5.0|This DVD is highly recommended to use as teaching and just learning of God's wonders. I truly enjoyed it.
B0028K3192|5.0|I came to know of Maxwell when he put out \\" Fortunate\\" back in the day. It was definately a one of a kind soul or neo-soul song. This happens to be the first time I have purchased a full CD of Maxwell and it looks like I should regret that. I should have buying his Cd's a long time ago. His newest Cd is a great listen and there is not even a reason to press the skip button. Well to sum this up I would just go out and pick up his newest or any one of his past Cd's for an hour of great listening pleasure! ! !
0307593525|5.0|I purchased Mastering the Art of French Cooking (2 Volume set) for my daughter, and she couldn't have been happier.  We had just seen the Julia/Julie movie, and she had been looking for the first book at thrift stores!  I was going the buy the first volume for her at a local bookstore, but fortunately I checked Amazon and found both volumes for less than the price of one anywhere else!  She and her family have been having fun cooking (and eating) their way through Julia (though not every recipe).  Thank you Amazon for the best bargain yet!
B002YIHO7I|5.0|Maybe it's the lack of musicality and depth in today's music that makes this album see light years ahead of anything released recently. I will admit to being a life long fan, but I don't believe you can question what Sade brings to the music world.     I've listened to this release in it's entirety since it was available.. played it in the car, in the Ipod and on the home theater to make sure I heard everything that could be heard. And I can say confidently that this another in a long series of great music. It's not Diamond Life or Lovers Rock, but it can't be - this is Sade after nearly 30 years of making music on their terms. And I think that's the key - how many artists in today's music scene can tell their label - You'll get the music when I'm ready to give it to you.     I think the other thing to note here, in most of the reviews this album is being compared to their other albums. Which could suggest that they have very few peers - we are comparing Sade to Sade. Each of the albums sticks out for a specific reason, you were going through something and that album was a comfort during that time. So judging Soldier of Love against Pride or Love Deluxe almost seems a waste. You have to take this album in this space today...    Now for the album     The album flows well, each song into the next. You can press play and walk away, no need to skip songs or pick and choose. Immediate standouts are \\"Moon & the Sky\\", \\"Be that easy\\", \\"Morning Bird\\".     \\"In Another time\\" in my opinion is one of the best arrangements I've heard since \\"Is it a Crime\\". The vocals, the melody - the placement of the piano, the strings along with the sax and bass build this song in a way - that most artists would want to study. This is what music is supposed to sound like. And the lyrics - she could be singing to any of the young and upcoming R&B singers, explaining how in time - it will fall in place. There are a few songs that require a patient ear, but that's good - if you've ever listened toColtrane you know that patience is usually rewarded in a major way.     The title track is brilliant in the same way \\"Cherish\\" or \\"Flow\\" were brilliant. You can hear the band expirementing in sounds that aren't typical for them and yet it comes off almost effortless. I won't bother to compare this album to any other albums released by R&B singers recently ( if Anita Baker decides to release an album than we can compare ) - it does no one any justice, but it does highlight what is missing... music that's made for the express purpose of being good and a pleasure to hear. Not to satisfy contractual obligations or build a big enough buzz to get endorsement deals.     You could be disappointed in this ablum, but that would likely mean that you had a specific sound in your head and were thrown when you didn't hear it. I'm convinced this album will continue in the same tradition as her entire catalogue, it will go on for decades bringing smiles and tears to millions of folks. And isn't that what we expect from our music?
0385528752|5.0|The authors of Switch clearly communicate their desire to deliver a book that presents the theories and practcal steps that allow for successful change in a simplified system. Switch delivers magnificently on this goal. I have more than 30 books in my library dealing with the specific topic of change. While I cherish the insights of Mr. Kotter in Leading Change and his other books and still believe that Managing at the Speed of Change is the best book ever written on the topic, this book certainly ranks in the top five books for me.<br /><br />THe authors present a 3x3 approach to change (though they do not use the 3x3 nomenclature). Three components of a successful change initiative are presented: Direct the Rider, Motivate the Elephant, and Shape the Path. In each of the three components, three primary actions are recommended.<br /><br />The book is filled with story after story illustrating the concepts. I found it refreshing that the book presents new stories. It seems that so many modern business book rehash stories already told in other books. These authors are clearly involved in multiple organizations and have contacts that allow them to gain insights others have not seen before - or at least insights that have not before been collected into one pair of minds.<br /><br />My favorite section of the book was the Direct the Rider section.  I found the concepts clear and have a better idea of how I can find the bright spots (what's working), script the critical moves (provide clarity of expectations) and point to the destination (establish an end goal).<br /><br />I would recommend this book to anyone working in a management or leadership position and I would also recommend it to anyone seeking to master personal change. The insights in this book will help you change yourself as well as your organization.
B002UD56I6|5.0|I absolutely love and adore the king of music, Michael Jackson! I think this is the greatest concert movie ever made. I watch it all the time and I highly recommend it to everyone. You get to hear timeless music, you get to see some great dancing, and you get to watch some awesome videos. There are also some very funny moments in this movie. All I can say is get it. Get the DVD. You'll love it.
B001NEJXQE|5.0|Kindle users beware. The formatting is very shoddy and unprofessional. It's still a 5 star book, but beware. Download the sample 1st.
0312330855|5.0|I first read this series back in the 70's and also my children (10 of them). We all agree that these books are one of the most delighful and enjoyable books we have ever read. (We are all readers, even as adults.) Am now ordering the series for some of the grandchildren starting with All Creatires Great amd Small.  Also going to invest in another series for myself.
B0012LAUI8|1.0|Hi, the &iacute;tem never arrrived and Amazon send me a Mail talking about return the item... But I never recive the &iacute;tem.
B002NUZ93S|5.0|If you are on a dilemma of not knowing if this album is good!<br />Let me tell you something, it actually is good. Very good indeed!<br />Please do yourself a favor and click Order Now, this is a must have for PT fans.
B000JMKNV0|1.0|This was my first Dennis Lehane novel, and the ending, while very surprising, was also so bad that it completely ruined the book for me. What a total letdown! It was so bad that I will probably never read any of his other books. Now that the movie is out, there will probably be a lot of renewed interest in the book, and I felt compelled to write this review so people would not waste their time reading it. Worst ending EVER.
0765356147|5.0|This was a great book and a fantastic ending to the Mistborn series.  It wrapped up the whole series nicely, and the final ending was predictable enough that it didn't come out of nowhere, but not so predictable that it slaps you in the face over and over on the way there........a GREAT book.
0307271862|3.0|This stand-alone novel  from the acclaimed Swedish creator of the popular Wallander detective novels  (that have also been filmed in an excellent series starring Kenneth Branagh) tells the tale of a horrific crime, a truly fiendish and frightening killer and a middle-aged judge who believes the police have it all wrong and sets out to solve it on her own.  The writing is crisp and well paced and downright riveting for the first two-thirds of the book,  although one does tend to wonder a bit about all the coincidences it takes to keep things moving along.<br /><br />Then, at around a hundred or so pages from the end, the story suddenly veers off into an examination of the politics, conflicts and corruption connected to China's rise to superpower status.  A long  side trip into Africa--which it appears China is trying to turn into a satellite continent where it can dump its poor and potentially rebellious peasants and ensure there'll never be another Tiananmen Square,  and where we're also given to believe that Zimbabwe's dictator Mugabe is nowhere near as bad a bad guy as we in the west have been led to believe--becomes a long and largely disruptive  diversion from the main story.<br /><br />By the time the author shifts gears again and gets back to Sweden and the crime at the heart of his novel,  the story has gotten so far off course that it just sort of flounders its way to an unsatisfying  ending, with way too many strings left loose. 3.5 stars.
B000002UKS|4.0|The Colour And The Shape (1997) by the Foo Fighters reminds me in some ways of Nirvana's music (guitarist and vocalist Dave Grohl used to be Nirvana's drummer) but instead of it being straight grunge, it's more true rock 'n roll.  By 1997 grunge had pretty much faded away, so I view this album as a springboard to the next level or next career phase for former Nirvana member Dave Grohl.  Grohl plays guitar and some drums on this album.  If you like lots of heavy guitars, then this is your band and this is your album.  The '90s featured a lot of guitar bands and Foo Fighters have been one of the best.  This album rocks all around.  My personal favorite song is Everlong, but this album contains a lot of other good songs, such as My Hero.<br /><br />After this album was released, the Foo Fighters went on to release many more good albums.  Check those out as well.
3937406328|4.0|Not a die hard Chris Rea fan (Sorry Mr Rea)     Absolutely love this collection - I need a timber house beside a lake - Autumn perhaps, a little light rain and a warm Burbon or coffee. Conversation with a new love and a couple of close friends to make it complete. When I close my eyes listening to this collection that's what it evokes for me.    Thank you Mr Rea for making us all feel like we've accomplished nothing with our lives : )    If you love blues buy it. If you love Chris Rea buy it (you will any way)  If you like Obnoxious Rap music buy it - You deserve what you get anyway.
0060989157|4.0|Reading this book was like watching a car wreck, you know it's awful to look at, yet you can't look away, somehow you are fascinated by it.<br /><br />Motley Crue is an American hard rock band that formed in 1982. In Motley Crue: The Dirt - Confessions of the World's Most Notorious Rock Band, each of the four band members tells his story beginning from thier childhood through thier time with the band. It was about sex, drugs and rock 'n roll, but you also get to see another side to these guys. When Nikki Sixx, formerly known as Franklin Feranna, tried to call his father and re-connect, his dad hung up the phone on him, screaming 'I do not have a son. I don't know who you are'. Mick Mars suffers from an illness called ankylosing spondylitis, which is a form of arthritis that had him in intense pain most of his adult life. \\"I'm a prisoner in my own body.\\" He became addicted to pain killers and alcohol. Vince Neil lost his young daughter to cancer. \\"I was her father, and I was supposed to protect her. I had done everything in my power for Skylar-everything-and the truth was that I was powerless.\\"<br /><br />Each of the band members talk about thier addiction to drugs and alcohol, thier childhoods and how they found each other and became Motley Crue. They also mention thier wives and girlfriends as they are telling thier crazy, messed up stories. Since they formed in the early eighties, they were wearing spiked heels, tight clothes, makeup and had high, teased hair. It was all about looking punk rock and being bad ass hanging out on Hollywood Boulevard.<br /><br />This was a great memoir, not for the faint of heart, almost like a wild ride. With chapter titles like 'Shout at the Devil', 'Save Our Souls' and 'Some of Our Best Friends are Drug Dealers', how could you not be curious to read it?<br />If you don't mind the vulgar language and crazy stories, you may just enjoy this one.
0451213092|5.0|When I noticed this book was a true story based on facts I was afraid it could be boring!!  So far, Ken Follet has not written s boring novel or non fiction product.  It was a true page turner from the beginning of the saving of two American citizens from the clutches of the Iranian terrorists.  He has presented the true life characters as though he had an insight to each of their individual feelings and thoughts.  Amazing!  I still have a few more Follet books to read and I shall enjoy all of them
B000065V42|1.0|Can't think why a month has passed and I haven't yet received 'Honey, I Shrunk the Kids'. Why a DVD posted in the USA should take so long to be delivered in New Zealand defies the imagination. I understand this is the 21st Century ?
B00003CX9W|5.0|Have been looking for some time to replace/upgrade my VHS tape version of Fantasia so was happy to see this on Amazon.  Was not disappointed in any way when the DVD arrived and I watched it.    Thanks  Craig
B0007MWZEK|5.0|This is my fourth sweeper. They all died on me after a short time, but I like it so much when it works that I tried it one more time.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|Michael sounds just like he did when he first sang these songs.  My very favorite song on the CD is \\"This Is It\\".  You get to hear him instruct the musicians in the beginning, and as you listen to the words and reflect on the title, you realize that perhaps Michael gave us this song as his last.  It is beautiful and gives me chills everytime I play it.  Marilyn
B001KZVQJI|5.0|I, like almost everyone else, watched the original King Kong on tv while growing up and enjoyed it greatly.  I still marvel at what they were able to accomplish in this film way back in 1933.  However while I admire the orginal Kong, I absolutely love Peter Jackson's remake and consider it a masterpiece.  First of all, this is a film that must be seen on a big screen.  I saw it twice in the movies and watched the blu-ray today on my 52 inch tv.  It still loses something although the picture and sound are crystal clear.  I love everything about this film from the incredible job Jackson and the Production Designers did in recreating 1932 New York City to the masterful job the special effects technicians did on Kong and the incredible emotions that they were able to show on his face.  The action scenes are incredible especially a wild Brontasaurus stampede, a battle between Kong (while holding Naomi Watts in his hand) and 3 Tyranasaurus Rexes and the final confrontation between Kong at the top of the Empire State Building and about 10 World War 1 byplanes.  (The high-up shot of Kong falling off the building with several planes flying high above him was so beautifully done that it actually made me queasy while watching it in the movies.) The three leads are excellent: Naomi Watts, absolutely lovely as Ann Darrow and boy can she run, Adrien Brody, not exactly your average leading-man, but very good as Jack Driscoll and Jack Black, an actor that I don't usually care for, perfect as Carl Denham.  (Perhaps since Denham is basically a despicable character in this film, the fact that I do not like Jack Black made this perfect casting.)  The additional scenes on this blu-ray are excellent and never should have been cut: a vicious triceratops attack and a terrific and scary scene involving a vicious underwater creature picking the men off as they are rafting through the jungle.  (I can't imagine how much hard work went into this sequence, only for it to be cut.)  The music forthis film by James Newton Howard is excellent, the Oscar winning special effects almost beyond belief.  This film did not do all that well during its Christmas release, it was soundly beaten by the first \\"Narnia\\" movie.  Thats too bad because I consider it to be a masterpiece and can't imagine how difficult it must have been to make.  But then again Peter Jackson had plenty of experience making difficult films since he made this one right after completing the \\"Lord of the Rings\\" trilogy, 3 epic films that I look forward to seeing released on blu-ray also.
B00275EGX8|4.0|Good Movie. The ending was expected since they seemed to give it away a little bit. May have a sequel?
B002BSHWUU|5.0|Fantastic sound quality, well presented and packaged.  It's been a real treat to hear classic Beatles songs (and some not so familiar deep tracks) in clear, detailed digital sound.  Highly recommend!
B000X1Z0BU|1.0|What an awful, amateurish, unwatchable video.  Aside from the bad singing, bad songs and unintelligible accents, there were the uninteresting characters and the jerky hand-held camera used throughout.    I frequently buy books and movies that seem interesting and have good user reviews.  As I like musicals and this is five-star rated, it seemed like a no-brainer.  What a mistake!  Maybe the film makers have nothing better to do with their time than to post fake reviews.  From now on I'm going to be more suspicious of high ratings that don't correspond to box-office success.
B002SF9YYI|5.0|Too bad the dvd wasn't a separate package, I bought this cd/dvd for the dvd only....The Best Of cd is a mediocre mix w/ many edited/7' versions....tons of great songs have been left out as with all Best Of compilations....It should have been a 2 cd set...Bryan Ferry has several Greatest Hits cds out, I recommend the 3 cd Platinum Collection for those that don't want to delve into the Roxy/Ferry LPs...    ...w/ that said the dvd is incredible 25 tracks spanning his entire solo career...been waiting for years for this one...worth the price alone....grab a glass of wine and chill to some of the best pop songs ever....I also recommend the Bete Noire/Munich dvd..essential.
1401323820|4.0|This was a very enjoyable read, but don't expect it to be anything like the TV show because it isn't.
0783225733|5.0|Fantastic movie based on the book. With Harris, Hanks, Quinlan, Bacon, Paxton, and Sinese...one of the best collections of actors you can get. The script we all know. Hanks is the cool calm and collected astronaut during what was a near catastrophic Apollo mission. I'd recommend getting the wide screen version, as it includes lengthy commentary from the astronauts themselves, as well as from the director Ron Howard's making of the film.
B000IOM0X8|4.0|Near the end of the U.S. Civil War, a Confederate gold-laden ironclad departs Richmond, Virginia under bombardment and steams into the fog of history.    In the present, two oceanographers, named Dirk and Al, obsess about finding her.  Following the recovery of an ancient African artifact off the coast of Nigeria, they find a clue that points to the country of Mali.  At the same time, a World Health Organization doctor, named Eva, suspects the source of a potential plague is in Mali.  Together, they motor up river to Mali where their destinies will intertwine.  Unfortunately, the forces of Mali's Warlord General and the Tuareg fighters are engaged in a Civil War.    The most fun scene is a deleted scene:  'The Long Kiss'.  Watch Al's discomfort as Dirk and Eva are in a major lip-lock.    Extras:  COMMENTARIES BY DIRECTOR EISNER & ACTOR/EXECUTIVE PRODUCER McCONAUGHEY  ACROSS THE SANDS OF SAHARA:  Primarily, McConaughey, Zahn, and Cruz talk about their roles.  VISUALIZING SAHARA:  Primarily, the look of, the costumes of, and the making of 'Sahara'.  CAST AND CREW WRAP FILM:  A series of fast cuts of behind the scenes and personal silly moments.  DELETED SCENES:  'Kitty Mannock's Crash',  'Finding Kitty Mannock's Plane',  'The Long Kiss',  'Oceanographers Dying in the Desert'.  CAMEL CHASE:  The making of the chase scene with the train.  ANIMATICS - OPENING SCENE:  Storyboard sequence of the ironclad leaving Richmond.  ANIMATICS - TRAIN JUMP:  Storyboard sequence of a train bound for the solar mirror farm.  STORYBOARD COMPARISONS:  'Gun Fight at the Well',  'Finding the Ironclad',  'Dirk Rescues Eva on the Beach'.  THEATRICAL TRAILER  PREVIEWS:  Only a plug for Paramount High Definition capabilities.    Picture (Blu-ray): outstanding (5).  Disc oddity: it doesn't allow you to back up in slow motion.
B0035WTJFW|4.0|Unusual sci-fi departure for Cruise. A very original, interesting plot of mind readers saving society from murder. Sort of a play off Total Recall, but the script is strong. The cliched government idiocy rears its face as usual, and Farrell plays the smirky, hateable jerk to a T.    Nice twist of an ending, finishes strong. Really liked the futuristic panoramas and scenes that go in and out of future/past consciousness.
B001E5FYS8|5.0|I was mesmerized by this documentary.  I bought the copy for my father and we had a great family discussion about it.  Having grown up in the NY/NJ area, I remember when Petit performed this.  Learning about the history of this amazing and incredible feat was icing on the cake.
B0000B1OFL|3.0|Con man's flick of decent proportions. Very deep cast of actors remake the classic from 1969 of the same title. The opening sequence is Bondish for planning and audacity, and is the highlight of the film. Excellent soundtrack and Venice as a backdrop provides a prime filming location. The car chase scenes in the Mini Coopers were very different and edgy. Jason Stathem has a rather subdued role compared to his Transforporter performances. Edward Norton shines as the dispicable con's con, who gets payback in a rather delicious fashion. Charlize Theron plays the hottie thief, trained by daddy thief. Mark Wahlberg has a major role, but comes off a bit stiff. The movie overall has sort of a pieced together feel to it, but is still a fun flick to watch. Once.
B001GCUER0|5.0|I have been with Mad Men since its inception. I truly am a fan. The writers of this series are phenominal. The actors are really good and my gosh, for what some lack in acting ability, their beauty or handsome looks does suffice. I ordered Series one and two from Amazon and enjoy reviewing the reruns. Seems every time I watch them, I find something I missed.    I would recommend this series set from Amazon to anyone who has never seen the Mad Men series and to those who are true fans...this is a must!    Thank you AMAZON for the great price on the series set...truly a bargin!    I like doing business with AMAZON, they are prompt, courteous, and always eager to please their customers...guess that is the reason they have soooooo many. I recommend them highly. Thank you for allowing me to share my opinion.  Becky W McNemar, honeymc@att.net
B0036G8IQS|5.0|this book was realy awsome.you actually feel like your in the action. you feel like you cant stop reading the book.
1594488843|5.0|Autonomy, Mastery, Purpose; the three elements of deep motivation from Drive by Daniel H. Pink. Clear. Clean. Concise. Dead on. Dan Pink is one of those people that have the ability to absorb a ton of information then assimilate it into concise, coherent concepts. He was good writing Free Agent Nation; better with A Whole New Mind; fun, relevant and helpful with The Adventures of Johnny Bunko; and shines with Drive.
B000066796|5.0|If you are a Hugh Jackman or Meg Ryan fan you will not be disappointed for they are both at their best in this unusual romantic comedy. Hugh portrays the ideal adult prince charming that every little girl dreams she would grow up and really find outside of a fairy tale, and Meg Ryan gives one of her strongest performances as the mondern girl who can't believe she's falling in love with an old-fasioned (19th century!!) guy. If you love romance movies this one's for you.
6305907145|2.0|This is, not only the worst adaptation of a Jane Austen novel I've ever seen, but the worst adaptation of any novel. Even if you view it as a stand-alone historical drama, it suffers from some very strange shifts in style and mood that make it feel cobbled together. Watching this film, I got the feeling that it had been done by a group of at least five different directors, working each from a different script, who took turns passing the camera back and forth. One scene is a whimsical comedy, the next a dark historical drama that wanders far from the text of the novel to explore England's part in the slave trade.     One or two scenes actually did seem to be based  on the original work, and these where a bit of a tease, because they where fairly well cast and well acted, but the story was always whisked off in some new and unexpected direction immediately afterward, there being a clear understanding between the makers of this film that there was no way Mansfield Park, (one of the only six completed novels given to the world by Jane Austen) could possibly stand on its own, without at least some gratuitous lesbianism thrown in.     A couple of the directions this movie tried to stumble in actually seemed really interesting; the added subplot of the slave plantation that the Bertram  family drew its income from put an entirely different spin on Tom Bertram's character, so that instead of being a worthless prodigal son he became a sensitive artist tormented by guilt. The problem was that this was far too serious a matter to be relegated to subplot and then forgotten when the movie took another turn for the whimsical. The different styles all crammed together in one movie just got in each others way and the scenes didn't seem to fit together in any logical way.     There was no general consensus on what the main character, Fanny Price, was supposed to be either, except (you need only look at the product description to surmise) that she not be allowed to be anything closethe the character from the book. She seemed to divide her time between riding great black horses through rainstorms in order to proclaim her liberated womanliness, and quoting directly from the Juvenalia, Jane Austen's early works, in order to establish that she leads a rich inner life, I suppose.     If you've read the book you may be able to enjoy this movie in a MST3K kind of way. I'm curious to know if someone who hasn't read the book would be able to enjoy this movie, or if they would still find the shifts in style as jolting? One thing is certain though; if you haven't read it, and are trying to fake it, for the purposes of a book report, trying to impress someone at your book club, etc, you'd do much, much better with the clifnotes.
0061537969|5.0|I guess this is the 718th review of this book published on here, so you will forgive me if I don't do into any great length about my admiration for the author of this novel and how much I enjoyed it. It was so enthralling I nearly finished it in one sitting and when it ended, I wanted it to go on with the rest of the story. This book is an absolute treasure. Read it and find out why.
B001P06GX4|5.0|We really enjoy playing Blokus. It's a fun game that makes you strategize and think. It's simple though too that almost any age can play it. We recommend this game!
B001AQT11M|5.0|these walt disney classics should be part of every video library for young and old . it is timeless creative entertainment
B0011UBDTK|5.0|What can I say.....EXCELLENT!!  Everything promised and more.  Definitely worth the money spent!  I bought this as a gift for my wife and in a quote \\"This was the best gift ever given to her in her life!\\" No regrets and thank you Amazon for making my wife's Christmas Happy!!
B0026P3G12|5.0|Purchased 2 albums - one for myself the other as a gift - just nice to hear some good music/sounds for a change!!!!
B002GYS1FO|5.0|I found myself tapping my foot while watching that crazy little KIA Commercial during the SUPERBOWL. Once I started researching where that riff came from, I got way more than I hoped for. Then I stumbled onto the LATENIGHT SHOW clip. These guys are hot and cool at the same time, if you know what I mean. They had the whole audience rock'n and then Letterman asked for more! They played for over 5 minutes. Who else ever got that opportunity??!!?? I can't believe how addicting the tune \\"How You Like Me Now\\" is. This is some great fun stuff to listen too. So very different it's a \\"must have\\" for your music collection.
B0010SEMP0|5.0|I just have to let you know that if you are faint of heart at a really really hot sex scene...you need to skip Chp 32.  The things Bones does with his fangs???  OMG, I think I quit breathing at one point when I was reading this chapter....in fact I'm blushing and a little light headed right now as I'm thinking about it to write this review.  The rest of the book is excellent too, I love Cat and Bones....great story....couldn't put it down.
B002ZIAC4O|3.0|3 1/2      He might not have the whiff of innovation anymore, but FT has been inching towards this most accessibly concise work for some time.
B00005JPAO|5.0|Diana the 'People's Princess' has died in a car accident in Paris. The Queen and her family decide that for the best, they should remain hidden behind the closed doors of Balmoral Castle. The heartbroken public do not understand and request that the Queen confronts her people. This also puts pressure on newly elected Tony Blair, who constantly tries to convince the monarchy to address the public.  Helen Mirren gives us more than a glimpse into the hermetic heart of a living queen. Not a single false note, not a single cheap shot. A performance that is as poignant as it is entertaining.  Perfect, real, extraordinary.
B002O5M4SA|5.0|This is an excellent film that is about a man finding a reason to live. Don't listen to the morons who say this movie is terrible. I guess smart films are only made for smart people. If you hate this movie, then go watch Pink Panther 2 or Transformers 2. Something that doesn't require a modicum of thinking. Jean Reno does a terrific job as Leon, the hitman with a heart of gold who finds a reason to live when he shelters Matilda [Natalie Portman in her best role still] after her whole family is slaughtered by a crooked cop [Gary Oldman is amazing in that role]. He begins to teach her the skills of his trade and a bond forms that changes both of them forever. That is what films are all about...change. Evolving story and evolving characters. This film does both. I wish Luc Besson would go back to making films like this...more personal stories without the dumbing-down. Lately he makes terrible dreck like the Transporter films. Anyways, long-story short...great film with great performances and a beautiful ending. If you need evidence that I know of what I speak of, look at my grammar and then look at the people who post negative reviews. It does show differences in intelligence.    Anyways, this Blu-Ray transfer is the sharpest and clearest I've ever seen this movie. Textures are more noticeable and so are facial features in closeups. The blacks are stable throughout. Colors look nice too. Maybe not reference quality, but definitely several steps above any previously released version. I've been watching the DVD version for years and this Blu-Ray smacked me in the face immediately. For a smaller budgeted movie, excellent video quality.
B002XMGGK6|5.0|Ten years after his wife and daughter are brutally murdered, returns to extract justice from the assistant district attorney who prosecuted the case against their killers. His vengeance threatens not only the man who allowed mercy to supersede justice, but also the system and the city that made it so. This movie really keeps you on the edge of your seat, and the main character Clyde really makes this movie something memorable and just extraordinary. Jamie Fox also does a great job playing his character, a heroic yet corrupt lawyer. This movie has a few twists and turns and will always keep you guessing. If you want to see something that is highly suspenseful, will keep you on the edge of your seat, and includes two very unique and questionable characters, then you must see this movie. \\"Law Abiding Citizen\\" will not disappoint.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|This is the best story of true love that i can ever remember reading.  You will not be able to put it down.  When I was not reading I was consumed with finding out what happened.  It makes you examine the loves in your life.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|Two faiths, two empires, two rulers, colliding in 1588. Papist Spain wants to bring down the heretic Elizabeth. Philip is building an armada but needs a rationale to attack. With covert intrigue, Spain sets a trap for the Queen and her principal secretary, Walsingham, using as a pawn Elizabeth's cousin Mary Stuart, who's under house arrest in the North. The trap springs, and the armada sets sail, to rendezvous with French ground forces and to attack. During these months, the Virgin Queen falls in love with Walter Raleigh, keeping him close to court and away from the sea and America. Director Kapur interestingly puts dramatic and chilling appeal and emphasis on Elizabeth's Golden Age to reveal her personality and struggles to keep her throne and save her country from falling into the hands of conspirators and invaders. Blanchett is magnificent in her strange, enigmatic and multi-dimensional character, constantly faced with the challenges of her foes plotting and counter-plotting to take her down at her Court, in her government, and, from foreign lands. This movie does entertain, sending me on a delightfully exciting spell-bound journey to separate legend and myths from historical facts. This movie makes English history fun to browse all over again.
B000002GZ1|4.0|This was really a secondary purchase, after I decided to buy the Super Session CD.  As it turned out, I liked this album better than the Super Session tracks.  The chops are just more together and the music sounds better, at least to my old ears.
B002HNA95E|2.0|There are so many things wrong with the set on so many levels that I don't even know where to begin. I have been angry at how this project was handled right from the beginning and I haven't reviewed it until now. I would really like to talk to whoever it was that selected the songs, the versions included and the sequencing. Let's do this point by point.    1) The artwork. Madonna said that she really liked it, but seriously, what is this all about?? it's sloppy. people will not look at this artwork 20 years from now and think it looks cool. They should have packaged this in a nice, CLASSY, elegant way, maybe a nice black and white picture on the front from \\"Vogue\\" or whatever, with a nice elegant font. Full page career retrospective photos should have been included in a nice booklet printed on quality art paper, and there should have been a writeup of some sort by ANYONE, but how about Liz Rosenberg?? She's been there since the beginning and knows more about Madonna than anyone.    2) The song selection. There is absolutely NO reason why Hollywood, Burning Up, Miles Away, or Revolver should be on here (even though i like all those songs...they just weren't hits, and Revolver just isn't strong enough. I would have left that one an itunes exclusive). I would give Everybody a free pass to stay on the album since it was her first single. So I would replace those 4 songs with I'll Remember, Deeper And Deeper, You'll See (The 90's were WAY underrepresented), and  Causing A Commotion (or Angel). I'd also replace Cherish with True Blue since most of the Immaculate Collection songs are already on here, and both are kinda \\"cutesy\\" songs. Plus, True Blue hasn't had a moment to shine on any collection yet. And if there were enough room on either disc, I'd add Hanky Panky, another top 10 hit which is all but forgotten...for this reason exactly. She fails to put certain songs on any collections and people forget about them! That's why all the songs that were on the Immaculate Collection are now considered classic and others like \\"Angel\\" and \\"Keep It Together\\" fell by the wayside.    3) The sequencing. My GOD, the sequencing! Who's bright idea was it to put Frozen right after Who's That Girl? And THEN MIles Away?! And Cherish the second-to-last song?! my GOD. If they didn't want to do a straight up singles chronological order, they should have done it chronologically by album or era at least, so that the songs would actually flow together and show her musical progression.    4) I'd just like to point out again (even though its been pointed out already by other people, but I will keep SAYING it OVER and OVER again to not let ANYONE forget that there are mastering and editing ERRORS on this collection (Music, Erotica, Cherish, Dress You Up). What is wrong with the people who edited this. THEY SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN REAL FANS TO CONTRIBUTE TO THIS. Speaking of fans, why didn't they get fans involved? why didnt they hold surveys on her website? Why didn't they ASK us? We all know that Madonna is completely clueless about her hits and tends to favor songs she likes at the moment. In my opinion, the further away they would have kept her from planning out her own collection the better!    5) The versions they used. radio edits here, album versions there, and all used WRONG! They added the album version of Frozen when it should have been the edit. same with Take A Bow. They added the edit of Ray Of Light when they should have added the album version. And no single edits of Holiday and  Borderline when they were both perfectly fine. Not to mention a fake, new frankenstein edit of Express Yourself that they tried to pass off as the video edit. FAIL.    I find this collection almost unlistenable, especially disc 2. The only reason i give it 2 stars is for them finally giving us the original version of Into The Groove on CD.
B002WCLG3O|5.0|First off the quality of this bluray is amazing.  It is masterfully done and deserves credit.  I ironically watched this on my PS3 and enjoyed every second of it.  Having very little experience with the Halo Franchise outside of a few hours on Halo 3 I was curious to the larger universe that the games were set in.  I know Bungie creates massively detailed worlds to set their games in and was curious as to what made Halo tick.  I was very pleasantly surprised at the story and the quality of the animation in this release.  The voice over work was excellent as well.<br /><br />Here is my breakdown:<br /><br />Voice Over:<br />Very well done, with great narration.<br />4.5/5<br /><br />Animation:<br />Its great to see the various studios and artists create their impression of Halo.  The quality control is excellent as expected from a AAA title franchise.<br />5/5<br /><br />Blu-Ray Extras:<br />Could have used more extras, maybe even a Halo Reach beta invitation code or something.  If there is one area that always could use improvement its extras!<br />4/5<br /><br />Overall:<br />Well I would have given it a 4.5 out of 5 but that option is not available sadly.  I asked myself did I regret pre-ordering the blu-ray and how badly did I miss the extras.  To me personally I didnt think the lack of heavy duty extras called for a 80% score so I am giving it a full score.  This is something you will enjoy, its feature length and worth the watch.<br />5/5<br />\
0141040343|5.0|These clothbound Penguin classics are even more beautiful in person! I have 3 of them on a credenza in my living room and they look great!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Pros:  E8400 @ 3.0ghz w/:  stock heatsink: ~40C idle, ~65C load  212+: ~35C idle, ~50 load    E8400 @ 4.0ghz w/:  stock heatsink: ~40C idle, ~75C+ load  212+: ~35C idle, ~55 load    Biggest pro for me was that it came with everything I needed: backplate and screws (NO RIDICULOUS PUSH-PINS --> solid mounting), thermal paste, and HS itself. I didn't want to trouble myself by having to buy those other things separately. Also, thermal paste thankfully did not come pre-applied.  The ability to add another fan and the extensive compatibility are both worth considering.  Fits tightly on my GA-EP45-UD3P mobo and in my case.    Cons: The foldout door on my Sigma Unicorn (aka Raidmax Smilodon) case made installation rather difficult, as the 212+ hits the panel adjoining my PSU. I had to remove the door and, after installing the 212+, slide it back in horizontally and then reattach it.  Motherboard removal is required, but that should be assumed.  Installing the backplate wasn't that fun either, but this is mainly due to the fact that my case lacks a mobo tray cutout.  The cons aren't worth a star, because despite being somewhat of a hassle, the mounting system is far more reassuring than the push-pin system, and in the end it's much less frustrating.  Gets a bit noisy when fan speeds up.    Other Thoughts: Fan is decent; you won't make any significant gains by replacing it (or adding another, imo).  Height is something you should consider before purchasing this. YOU WILL NEED A CASE AT LEAST ~8\\" WIDE.  The thermal paste wasn't gummy or anything, but I'm not sure about the quality. It seems to be fine though; I'm happy with my current temps and they may improve when the thermal paste settles in.  The metal fins are definitely flexible, but they won't bend (much) unless you try to make them.  Best value I could find.    On a side note, this HS is rather narrow (thin?) compared to others, maybe half the width of larger ones. It makes me wonder if temps would be better were the fins wider. That would probably sacrifice the option of adding a second fan though.
B000W00Y0Y|5.0|I loved every song performed by Queen. It is a great loss Freddy Mercury's death. This very special Blu-ray (remastered version) is the main gate to my old flashback times.  The SHOW MUST GO ON and, by the way, WHO WANTS TO LIVE FOREVER? That's it!
0767020308|5.0|I own all three DVD versions of this delightful period classic romance and have recently watched again the modern \\"Clueless\\".  Kate Beckinsale gives by far the best portrail of Emma, although  the story is so good that noone could spoil it. I recommend all  six Jane Austen's books as well as this wonderful movie.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I loved it!!!!!!!! It is killing me to have to wait until May for season 2. Twelve hours of Sookie, Bill, and Eric just aren't enough.
B003047T0M|5.0|As a high school student, I found Love Bones to be really interesting and unique. I'm not usually a fan of fiction books, but because our assignment was that we had to read one and a friend recommended this book, I decided to try it. I'm really glad that I did, because it is now one of my favorite books. This book is really relatable to high school students, because they talk about her classmates reactions after she was murdered. This is what really got me into the book. What made me relate the most is that the book found because Susie had dropped it while she was being raped was the same book that we had just finished reading in class. This is what really hit me; I started to relate to all the characters, including Susie and her family, because this made it seem like it could've happened to my friends, sisters, or even me.          The only part I didn't like was the scene where her rape was being described. I thought that Alice Sebold used a little too much detail, because I pictured it a little too clearly and it was hard to take. Other than that, Lovely Bones has a perfect mix of action, emotion, and even a little romance. If you saw the movie for this book, I would definitely say that didn't portray the book nearly as well as it could have. I gave the book five stars and I would give the movie two. If you think that you won't like this book because the movie made it cheesy and you know what's going to happen, I would give the book a chance, because the book will surprise you. It's incredibly good. So, give the book a chance and you won't regret it.   Sincerely,  James' Daughter
1600240682|3.0|Author tends to wander off topic for extended periods, which was a bit of a put-off, but in the end was well worth the time spent.
B002ZBT84G|4.0|The past decade has been tragically ironic for the iconic Gil Scott-Heron.  The man has been the voice of a revolution whose impact reached well beyond the scope of his music; striving to rescue people from the pitfalls of society.  The idea that the same man would be severing multiple prison sentences, battling drug addiction and facing a rumored HIV diagnosis in his later years is beyond belief... few have fallen from such heights.  Yet, often the most masterful works result from the worst tribulations.  Immersed in his personal demons \\"I'm New Here\\" follows this mold.    Followers of Scott-Heron's career might be thrown off by this record.  No, he hasn't lost his mastery of words.  Gil is as poignant as ever.  His spoken word cuts are comparable to his earliest works and he knows exactly how to use his ailing voice to favor.  It's musically and topically where this album is a grand departure from anything he's released.  Scott-Heron sounds like he's literally been through hell.  He touches on his demise, the fate of his soul, and living with the pain left by the sins he's committed.  Tracks like the \\"New York Is Killing Me\\" are a kin to \\"Home is Where the Hatred Is\\", only further exemplified by the fact that he's no longer playing a role: he's lived it.  The production of Richard Russel meets this tone head on by providing a sinister soundscape which is a perfect counterpart to the lyrics.  It is more inline with the recent works of Portishead, Burial and Massive Attack than what one would naturally expect from the soul legend.  Combining the man's ragged voice and the despair in his words with the dark production is a simply haunting experience.    I would honestly NOT recommend this album for people who are ONLY looking for a return to Gil's work with Brian Jackson.  Even the tracks that break the bleak mold, borrow more from Hip-Hop than neo-soul.  If the idea of combining [[ASIN:B000005MLX Small Talk at 125th and Lenox]] with the atmosphere of [[ASIN:B00006L7XQ American IV: The Man Comes Around]] over a [[ASIN:B000EPFEL6 Live with Me]] backdrop sparks your curiosity then I would highly recommend the record as the experience will be gorgeous and heartbreaking.    While Gil Scott-Heron still commands a response from his audience, he urges in a way that he never has before: that of a tortured soul, begging others not to follow his path.    (8.5/10)
0977326403|1.0|I has been working for the public sector for over 15 years. Those times were a part of my long journey to search for the right realistic answers to fill the gaps between increasing demands from people and the services delivered. I has been very tired of bureacracy inside, lack of passion for those so-called experienced, and strong private interests, let alone the unpredictable political influences. This book does not help much for my long quests.
0545123267|5.0|I've been sitting for a while trying to compose this review.  This book has totally stolen my words.  That's a scary thought, since I'm pretty sure that has never happened before.<br /><br />Shiver is the story of Grace and Sam.  Grace is a 17 year old girl whose obsessed with the wolves that live in the woods behind her house.  There is one wolf who she loves to watch, he sort of feels like \\"her\\" wolf, but she doesn't know why.  Sam is that wolf.  During the summers, he lives human and is able to be around Grace from a distance.  In the winters, he is her yellow-eyed wolf that protects her and watches her from afar.  What draws them to each other?  What is in their pasts that makes them made to be together? How will they conquer their pasts to be forever in love?  You'll have to read for yourself to find out. I know the suspense is killing you.<br /><br />I am absolutely, without a doubt, in love with this story.  The tale that Maggie Stiefvater spins of love, pain, and suspense is one you'll feel in the depths of your soul.  After reading this book, I felt lost for words.  I sat clutching the book to my chest with tears running down my face, wishing that it wasn't over.  The emotions that are painted into the voices and thoughts of Grace and Sam are those of first loves, old loves, and forever loves.  I feel the love that Grace and Sam feel for each other.  I want to live this love.  After reading, Shiver by Maggie Stiefvater, I assure you you'll feel the same way too.<br /><br />Review posted with permission from the author--I am that author.
B000001GYC|5.0|Mendelssohn's Songs Without Words are superior Victorian drawing-room works, salonesque, but with much beautiful melodic material and enough variation in colors and moods to sustain the listener's attention throughout (although I don't recommend listening to all of them in one go). They are not masterpieces, at least not uniformly so, but delightful, charming works. And it is certainly good to have them complete in performances as thoroughly compelling as these. Barenboim's playing is bold, resourceful and flowing, refusing to let the music dissolve into pastel shades, and he takes care to emphasize the singing lines.    That approach can, admittedly, lead to some pieces sounding a little rushed and hard, but for the most part the poetry and feeling of these readings are eminently enjoyable - he is a tad better in the slower and more reflective numbers throughout, however. In short, there is nothing complacent or staid about these versions, although there is certainly beauty and sensitivity here, and that is indeed very refreshing. In other words, these are readings that might actually convince those who are inclined to view these pieces as somewhat empty charmers that there are genuine musical rewards. Barenboim also includes the Gondellied and some minor, charming chips from the composer's workbench in the form of six innocuous pieces for children, the Albumblatt and two Klavierstücke. The sound quality is a little dry and the piano tone sometimes a little thin, but this is still an excellent set that merits a strong recommendation.
B001C3KCSY|5.0|I was super excited to find such a great deal. Product was in great condition and was shipped promtly.
B00168OINK|5.0|This is truly one of the best productions to date - Video and Sound are excellent - reference quality. Kung fu Panda will really give your Theater a work out and trust me you'll be smiling the whole time !!!
B002QGUFWE|5.0|This product arrived exactly as promised , and I got it a lot earlier then expected.
1439153663|5.0|Kitchen House presents an unvarnished tale of life in the antebellum south. While grounded in carefully researched historical fact, the exquisitely developed characters take on a life that envelopes the reader. The author so cleverly evokes  the story's time and place, that the reader virtually feels present as the the tale unfolds. The story itself compels one to continue reading and yet not want the story to end. It is impossible not to be permanently touched by this novel. I could not put this book down! Encore!
B002NXSRX4|3.0|This movie is just what I expected. It was entertaining with great action sequences and bad acting. Snakes eyes was a great character but Duke & Ripcord just did not do it for me. I thought the two main soldiers in both Transformers were much better. The storyline was totally predictable too. This movie falls short when you compare it to the 1st transformers. This movie is worth a rental but not a purchase
B0002TJGQS|5.0|The shipping was a little high but I bought 25 batteries which brought the total cost down to less than 25% of retail.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I stumbled across this band while browsing for new music on Amazon a while back. I was instantly a fan. The lyrics of \\"Little Lion Man\\" will have you listening to it over and over. You'll enjoy the unique sound and lyrics from this band as it is a refreshing new sound from an otherwise saturated music market. Be sure to check this band out! You wont be disappointed!     The only slight issue that I have is that for some reason their music is not as loud as other songs played at the same volume.
B001GZ6QEC|4.0|Excellent movie and it looks good on Blu-ray. Haven't watched the special features so I can't comment on those.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I love the music, and even more, I admire Susan's courage to attempt what she has accomplished.      'nough said
0446569895|5.0|When I first heard of Ozzy Osbourne's biography \\"I am Ozzy\\" coming out last year in the U.K. I was both thrilled and scared. Thrilled because the singer I admire so much has released an autobiography, but at the same time scared because of his memory which was said to be in sad state at times. I bought the book anyway and I ended up loving it when it went on American shelves on January 25th 2010. In fact I can tell Ozzy still has a lot of memory when he recalls the events in the book and he says himself he doesn't remember everything, but he still remembers plenty. Chris Ayres is the co-author of the book and helped bring it together. The reason why I loved it and why I think Ozz's fans will love it is because it is written exactly the way he talks with his colorful British expressions and vocabulary, If you are a fan of his you know just what I mean! It's what makes the book so vivid and alive,it has Ozzy's mark all over it.<br /><br />Ozzy first starts with his childhood and his teenage years as he recalls how he grew up in a poor family and the different jobs he had. He talks about the first time he sang and his discovery of The Beatles which changed his life. Then more even more interesting he goes on about the Sabbath years, touring and moving to America, how he was fired, going solo and popularity. Everything important that happened to him is covered with plenty of details, biting the head of a dove and a bat, the Randy Rhoads accident and much more. Of course there is a lot of alcohol, excesses, crazy road stories and even death it's all part of rock'n'roll isn't it? And trust me I'm not revealing anything here, the content of the book are highly entertaining. Ozzy had such an amazing life, it's only normal that his autobiography is just as amazing.<br /><br />There are some great pictures and some funny ones in the book which date from his childhood, the Black Sabbath years and his solo years up until today.  The only thing I would've wanted Ozzy to talk about is Jake E. Lee his guitarist for the \\"Bark At The Moon\\" and \\"The Ultimate Sin\\" albums. He doesn't even mention him throughout the book. Besides that I am Ozzy is more than I expected and turns out to be one of the best rock biographies and one of the best biographies I've read and I read plenty. If you're a fan you should definitely buy this if you're just curious it could probably entertain you.I always wondered if Ozzy would release a bio someday and now that it's here I can't say I'm disappointed by it!e his guitarist for the \\"Bark At The Moon\\" and \\"The Ultimate Sin\\" albums. He doesn't even mention him throughout the book. Besides that I am Ozzy is more than I expected and turns out to be one of the best rock biographies and one of the best biographies I've read and I read plenty. If you're a fan you should definitely buy this if you're just curious it could probably entertain you.I always wondered if Ozzy would release a bio someday and now that it's here I can't say I'm disappointed by it!
B002XMGGJM|3.0|Without giving away the ending, which honestly sucks, let me state up front that this film had SO much promise as a trend-setting film along the lines of \\"Dirty Harry\\", \\"Death Wish\\", and even \\"Mad Max\\". Anti-heroes are a funny thing for most people - you either root for them or despise the things they represent.<br /><br />In this film, you get to do a bit of both. The graphic violence scenes are worthy of \\"Saw\\", and NOT for the squeamish. The plot is riveting, and there are some scenes that will make you go \\"Hmmm\\", and others that will have you jumping out of your seat like the chest-burster from \\"Alien\\". It's a fun, great, revenge ride, full of critical, sarcastic jabs at the legal system, the prison system, and loners.<br /><br />I have noticed a trend in films, that began with \\"The Matrix\\". The stories skate right up to the edge of being a FANTASTIC indictment of life in these United States, and then they fall completely flat.<br /><br />Whether this is intended or orchestrated, it speaks to a dark side of Hollywood. While it purports to be a liberal, open-minded and radical change agent, films such as this fall on tired tropes regarding government. There is nothing in this movie that says anything really good about government and justice, until the final scenes. But then, it devolves into the typical nanny-state fascism that we have come to know and love in movies such as \\"1984\\".<br /><br />To say this movie is disappointing in its implied message is an understatement. \\"Shooter\\" was  a lot closer to getting it right. Had \\"LAC\\" gone the extra mile, and actually stood for what it purports to stand, it might have achieved greatness, instead of mediocrity.<br /><br />Technically, \\"Law Abiding Citizen\\" is fascinating, and it will keep you interested, for sure.<br /><br />But, if you have any hope that it really does portray a man harmed by 'the system' to finally triumph, keep in mind that this is no \\"Fight Club\\".<br /><br />In the final analysis, Clyde is merely neutered.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|Wonderful tale, which will touch anyone old enough to understand the loss of a loved one.   It will undoubtedly resurrect feelings unique to the viewer. This is its power, softly and gently whispered.
0385504225|4.0|This book was a gift for my husband.  He thoroughly enjoyed it as he has read the other books of Dan Brown.
B00005JKNC|5.0|I enjoy the time period in this movie and the focus on love, freedom, family, friendship, and appreciation for our military.  This is a touching love story with an interesting twist.  Jim Carrey is not my favorite actor but this may be his best movie role and he played the part exceptionally well.  The other actors did a fine job as well especially the love interest, Laurie Holden.  If you enjoy romance dramas, this is one of the best you are going to find.  Frankly, compared to a lot of the junk that gets awards, this is a movie that is much better and should not have been overlooked.  This is a rare, hidden gem.  And to answer some of the harsh, critical reviews; of course there is artistic license used here, and some elements are unrealistic. It's a hollywood movie for crying out loud!!  But important values are brought out and it is a fine, wholesome, sentimental, romantic story.
B00371V918|4.0|Dear John is the first book I have read by Nicholas Sparks.  I watched the film of \\"The Notebook\\" recently and enjoyed it a great deal and seeing that \\"Dear John\\" was coming out soon as a film I wanted to read the book first.  I do read a wide variety of books but I haven't read a romance book for a very long time so this was something pretty new for me.  I enjoyed it, it was an easy read and I thought the characterisation of John was good.<br /><br />The storyline of the relationship between John and his Dad was the best part of the book for me.  It was interesting how the relationship changed over time.  It was that relationship that I wanted to know the most about.<br /><br />There were some very touching moments in the story and I felt a lump in my throat several times but I didn't really care too much for Savannah.  I thought John was too good for her!  I did like that it wasn't a nicely tied up 'happily ever after' kind of ending, but in some ways the ending was too nicely tied up.<br /><br />I don't have a lot else to compare this book to but I'm sure readers of this genre would love it.
1932100660|5.0|The China Study is a book everyone in the United States needs to read.  Your life may depend on it.    It's mind boggling that this information has been deliberately withheld from us when our very lives were at risk.  The information in this book would have saved the life of my father and best friend had it been made available to them prior to their deaths.    Anger at big business and our government doesn't cover the emotions everyone feels after reading this book.    The China Study has dramatically altered my life, my wife's life, and everyone we've shared it with.    Don't just read it!  Buy an extra copy for a friend!    Steve & Joyce Vaughn, living a longer, healthier life thanks to The China Study!
0451209338|4.0|THE KILL ARTIST is a well executed spy novel by Daniel Silva.  If you plan on reading a novel in Silva's Gabriel Allon series, I recommend starting here.<br /><br />THE KILL ARTIST deals with a retired assassin for the Israeli government, Gabriel Allon, who is lured out of retirement for one last big job.  While this plotline is a familiar one, Silva is a gifted enough writer to keep things fresh and interesting.  Ultimately this novel is far better written and designed than your typical thriller.  Silva also deserves credit for his ending, which contains some genuinely surprising twists.<br /><br />The Gabriel Allon series is currently ten novels long, and I recommend reading the series in order.  Several years ago, I read the fourth Garbriel Allon novel (A DEATH IN VIENNA) and found it lacking, mainly because I found it difficult to relate to the multitude of characters and their extensive backstories.  THE KILL ARTIST is the first Allon novel, and provides a much better introduction to the man and what makes him tick; it has turned me into a Silva fan.<br /><br />In short, THE KILL ARTIST is a fun, intelligent read, and I look forward to reading more of Silva's work in the future.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|Clear pictures and everything looks good,I can really see the hair on Sonny's body :)
0321344758|4.0|Widely regarded as the best book on web usability, this short, concise, and fun to read book covers all of the basics of web designing for optimal user experience.  It won't address specific issues that you may be dealing with on your site, but it will guide you on how to address them, and what process one should undertake throughout to produce results as easily, quickly, and cheaply as possible.  The book is full of simple and very valuable facts that come from studies and Krug's experience as a consultant for both major companies and small home businesses.  Following Krug's advice might not get you the perfect site for your purposes, but it won't be far off.  There is a great list of suggested reading in the back as well for more specific guidance.  For anyone who designs web sites, this is a must read.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|From the moment I started this video, I was hooked.  The story begins with the Boston Massacre, and goes from there, taking us through all those prime events which lead us to our nation's independence.  I felt as if I had traveled back in time and was there in person watching the events take place.  The actors, costumes, sets, etc. were so incredible it was easy to imagine being there.  As the story unfolded, and I got to \\"witness\\" our Continental Congress arguing over matters, it occurred to me how overlooked John Adams is in most US History classes today.  Of course, I knew of John Adams, (brilliantly portrayed by Paul Giamatti) but even as a US History buff,(and ALWAYS paying attention and learning in my history classes!) I had no idea he was so instrumental in pushing for our complete independence from Great Britian.  He was also the one who nominated George Washington to be the Commander of the Continental Army.  If this movie was done with historical accuracy (and from what I could see it was) then John Adams was a passionate man, who - yes, had his faults and would push people the wrong way at times - but this country owes a lot to that man!  This is one of those series where you will walk away with a lot of gained knowledge.    The actors who portray the different founding fathers, somehow captured the personalities, mannerisms, and attitudes just exactly how I would have imagined them to be.  I think the best one was the actor who played Thomas Jefferson.  He somehow managed to look like he was always listening and observing; always thinking, just like I would picture Thomas Jefferson to be.  David Morse, who played George Washington, also delivered a stellar performance, portraying Gen. Washington as if it was really him, and that's exactly how he would have been.      Also, Abigail Adams, (portrayed by Laura Linney) was quite a gal!  She was certainly ahead of her times, being rather vocal about things, and was her husbands greatest confidant and advisor.She must have been an amazing woman.    I would highly recommend this movie series for anyone who loves our American history.  This is a great series for our youth to watch also - they can learn a lot from it.
0446567337|1.0|i am really upset till this day i haven't receive this book and i order it for my daughter on the 1/16/10 and she's looks forward too reading it i guess that if i don't hear from amazon i will no longer shop here that's too bad because i am a regular customer...
B002RVCD6O|1.0|I use to like Harry Potter series when it first came out but now its all boring to me .
B0026P3G12|3.0|Thanks to media publicity, almost everyone knows Susan Boyle has a great voice.  High expectations probably set me up for disappointment when I listened to this CD.  The background is too loud for the soloist's voice, giving the impression she is much weaker that she is.  The background also sounds pretentious, as if the CD's creators wanted to create an artificial aura of greatness.  This attempt had the effect of muffling Susan Boyle's actual greatness.    Susan Boyle also sounds as if she was overcoached.  In many cases, this makes her sound a bit unlike herself.  I was especially disappointed by her rendition of \\"Cry Me a River.\\"  In this wonderful song, it sounds as if she was coached to sound like a lovesick American Southern girl (as if the real Susan Boyle is not good enough).  The CD suggests she should be allowed to be herself in the future, not an imitation sultry siren.    I hope to find a better Susan Boyle CD in the future.
B001GM28HO|5.0|I'll keep this short and sweet. Lady Gaga is an impressive singer/songwriter.  She has some great dance music and there are many hypnotic tracks.  The more I listen to her the more and more I like her.  I highly recommend her to anyone that like fast, upbeat dance style music.
0446569895|5.0|Ozzy Osbourne has been one of my two favorite singers ever since I was a preteen. My other is Rod Stewart. What can I say; I love British artists. Anyway, this biography might even be better than David Lee Roth's 'Crazy From The Heat.' Most biographies are written with another writer helping out, but from what I gather, the Ozzman wrote this himself (just as Roth did his). I read the whole book in less than two days. It is funny in a lot of places and even sad in some parts as he reveals his struggles with drugs and booze. If you are an Ozzy fan this book is just what you have been waiting for. Highly recommended.
B002UZCJ8Y|3.0|It's to Bruce Willis' credit that this movie ultimately entertains.  Also it's economic 88 minutes running time keeps things moving.  The scary premise of living life through surrogacy is well defined and the ending creepy.  Bruce plays the world weary cop as well as you'd expect, but Radha Mitchell, James Cromwell and Ving Rames are kinda wasted.  I still found it an entertaining diversion.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|All the main records of The Beatles in one box, with great sound! Wonderful! (I a m 53)
0765318741|2.0|I know that not all movies are gonna resemble the book. Sometimes the movie is far from the book. This book is far far far from the movie.  I dont know how they made a movie from this book but it's 100% different. And there are all these different stories that have nothing to do with what I am Legend was supposed to be about. There is nothing that states there are different stories mixed in which I may also add make no sense. I wish I could return this, it was a big disappointment.
B001KP2J3U|4.0|All-star cast chews up the scenery in over-the-top adaptation of classic Agatha Christie whodunit about a series of murders aboard a Nile pleasure cruise.  Maggie Smith fares best as Bette Davis's long-suffering traveling companion; but, the usually delightful Angela Lansbury quickly becomes an embarrassment as a sex-obsessed, booze-sodden romance novelist -- you actually feel physical relief when a bullet to the forehead stops her babbling.  Still, it doesn't take long to get the feeling that the number of closeups and lines of dialogue were all dictated more by star contracts than by the director's discretion.  In terms of both craftsmanship and emotional depth, the David Suchet/A&E version is far more satisfying, if also considerably less amusing and garishly mesmerizing.
044654146X|5.0|This book provides a direct factual account of Israel's extraordinary entrepreneurial activities. In an absorbing probing yet quite entertaining manner this work explores the unique Israeli mindset and environment that facilitates their unique startup culture. Extremely well researched, well written, authoritative, a must read.
B00003CXB4|5.0|i ordered this for my grandson...the quality was awsome and of course i enjoyed it more then he did...the lion has always been one of my fav....
B000N0WCLC|4.0|Blood Diamond (2006) is an outstanding action movie, with a heavy  sentimental story running parallel, involving a mercenary and a  diamond smuggler formerly  of the South African army (played by  Leonardo DiCaprio to perfection, including accent) with a variety of  individuals, initially apart, but eventually interconnected  considering the extent of their interaction and the length of the  actual movie.    In this particular case, David Harewood is entirely convincing as a  guerrilla commander, as is Jennifer Connelly playing a thin, single,  young American news reporter.  Arnold Vosloo is the mercenary  commander, who is able to overthrow entire ruling governments of  sovereign nations on a moment's notice, from his brigade strength  military force comprising helicopters, modern weaponry and logistics  of all kinds, in between arms deals worldwide.    From a didactic point of view, the script is entirely successful, as  it brings into focus the monumental scale of refugee camps, family  powerlessness, homelessness, poverty, anarchy and chaos found in  civil wars in Africa.    A running theme, is that to survive in each and every situation, at  least 5 to 10 years of professional military service is necessary,  most of it seen in combat, deployment and action. Rocket launchers,  AK-47, mortar, IED's, sniper fire, pistol firefights are a constant,  as much in the downtown areas as in the country side and dense  jungles. It shows the ease of recruiting  orphan children 10  years  of age into a guerrilla, through the usual military hazing and  indoctrination, socialization to bring about in them extreme values,  behaviors, and a trigger-happy mentality. The sheer number of troops  shooting to thrill with large caliber machine guns mounted on the  back of a pickup trucks never ceases to amaze, as are the number of  bloodbaths of innocent civilian men, women and children.    The diamond labor camp in and of itself is not entirely surprising  considering the reduimentary  mining techniques also used in North  America 100 to 200 years ago. The disguises, bogus identities used  in Africa are also the norm, as nobody is ever really who they claim  to be, politicians being CIA undercover agents, journalists being  arms  or gem smugglers, etc.    From an acting point of view, DiCaprio has honed his technique  immensely, never losing his grip on the character, accent and  ability in demonstrating the desperation of a smuggler who needs to  close his last, ultimate diamond deal, with a number of  international parties, laundering diamonds and gems as easily as  cash. Connolly's approach is also interesting, from an eagerness in  being sexier and more provocative  than shy and reserved. The  quality and number of the supporting actors is also remarkable,  assisting in maintaining the suspense and viewers on the edge of  their seats.    From a soundtrack perspective, s fair bit is reminiscent of the  world music heard on Jean Luc Ponty's Tchokola, while the  cinematography is flawless, sharp, never dull or boring except for a  number of quieter moments, bringing into focus time and again the  beauty of various landscapes in Western Africa, appealing to the  sentimentality of viewers.    The picture deserved a perfect score, with the only difference that  it forgot that it was an entertainment vehicle in its final moments,  switching gears to a paternalistic, moralizing, and preaching tone,  erasing the right of viewers to independent thought and opinion,  suggesting they swallow the United Nations outlook hook, line and  sinker concerning diamonds and arms trade. Another weakness is the  oversimplification of the problems in the region, laying the blame  squarely on the doorstep of a diamond mania.    In sum, this is a remarkable and unique release, from the acting,  scenes, music and entertainment value, and the humanity of the  people that shines through despite the horrors of civil wars time  and again.
B001V7UXG2|5.0|This is delightful British comedy series featuring a young Hugh Laurie.  I recommend it for all fans of House, MD and/or A Bit of Fry & Laurie, their early BBC show.
B000W4KT64|5.0|My little sister is obsessed with the movie. It was bought for her as a gift which I haven't given yet bc her birthday isn't for another two weeks. She flip out though bc I got her Mama Mia too. There like her two favs
1402524064|5.0|I have little spare time to sit and read, so I use audiobooks.  This book was well read and an interesting take on the rape and murder of a teenage girl.  I couldn't wait for the next time I was in my car driving somewhere.  The book was fascinating.
B002VH7P4O|5.0|I really like the clean sound of these remasters; when I first listened through to everything on the USB apple, initially with quite a lot of the tracks, especially the tracks from the Beatles' later albums, I couldn't really tell much of a difference with the remasters. However, after listening to a lot of the tracks again, and comparing them with the original non-remastered versions of the tracks, I now know what to expect (ie. not radical differences from the originals but just subtle differences), and am really loving the remasters. I have been happy using Songbird on my Mac to listen to the FLAC files, although unfortunately for me I think I can definitely tell the difference (sonically) between the FLAC files and the MP3s --- I vastly prefer listening to the uncompressed audio of the FLACs! Lastly, I don't know if any other purchasers have had the same experience, but on my USB apple, they forgot to put the ID3 (or whatever) tags on the Rubber Soul FLAC files, so instead of the song title and album showing up in Songbird, it just displays the file's file name. However, this is a minor quibble, and overall I am really loving the cleanness and vibrancy of the sound of the remasters!
B00081U7HC|3.0|The movie was great! The shipping time was appropriate. The movie was shipped in a thin plastic mailing bag and the case was smashed in many pieces. There was not a written brochure inside the case (that was shown on line). I requested a replacement but received $1.50 refund for the case instead. Unless they would change their packaging method I probably would not purchase from this seller again. But the movie was great!
B002H3F7F6|5.0|The CD is filled with wonderful, heartfelt music, lyrics and rythyms.  It's a complete listeners joy.
B002P5XXR0|5.0|Mr. Horner has out done himself in the making of The Avatar soundtrack!  The music brings to life all the action in the movie!!
B001GKJ2DY|5.0|My little sister is obsessed with the movie. It was bought for her as a gift which I haven't given yet bc her birthday isn't for another two weeks. She flip out though bc I got her Hairspray too. There like her two favs
B00127RAJY|5.0|This DVD is completely unbelievable.  I have used exercise DVDs in the past and have never seen very dramatic results, so I was skeptical of this one.  But after seeing it discussed on the weight watchers message boards and seeing so many positive reviews, I had to try it.  Make sure you buy some hand weights at the same time!  (I use 3 pounders)<br /><br />I've been using the DVD about 4x a week for four weeks (I use it as cross training in a 10 mile race training schedule) and HOLY COW.  The results are ABSURD.  Within a few days I started seeing and feeling increased muscle tone in my arms and abs (the abs are particularly notable, because there is only 3 minutes of direct ab work in the DVD).  Now several weeks in and my arms are noticeably muscular and my abs are hard and much flatter.<br /><br />For only 18 minutes of intense activity, this is absolutely the best workout bang for your buck.  I am a believer.
B001MYIXAW|5.0|First and foremost, my Blu-Ray copy of this film that I received today does have the English (Theatrical) subtitles label on the back. My guess is that Amazon is probably including a note to their distributors at this point to be sure to send out copies with theatrical subs. Enough bad reviews and customer complaints/returns have to make a difference eventually. While I have not seen the other version with the bad subtitles, I definitely feel for the people who received those inferior copies. Movies like this certainly do not deserve to have the intent/emotional weight of their dialogue ruined by subtitles obviously catered to \\"illiterate American\\" audiences. Which brings me too my next point...    Let me say first of all that I am a huge horror film fan. I have viewed and enjoyed horror films classic and new, and am certainly not a fan of the mainstream remakes and formulaic crap that gets dished out to our wonderful theaters as a result of lowest common denominator film making and the word of \\"test audiences.\\" Having said that, this is very likely my favorite horror film of all time. Unconventional in every respect, and skillfully ambiguous enough to illicit multiple interpretations for each viewer. It features brilliant photography and lighting, wonderful performances by the child cast in particular (a rare feat that is better accomplished here than in even some of Spielberg's films,) great analog sound design, a chilling score, and an emotional resonance that stays with you for days after seeing it. The fact that they are remaking this near perfect film irritates me beyond belief, not only because it is a masterpiece as is, but I honestly believe that this is a film that could honestly speak to a wide American audience. It features characters that anyone can relate to in some way, and I can't imagine this plot being set in a different cultural context. Maybe the remake will re-spawn interest in this achievement in modern film making, but then again, what did Quarantine do for (rec)? Nothing. I believe that everyone should see this movie, especially those who are not generally into horror films. This film breathes new life into a genre that has become somewhat stale in the USA, and has certainly been recognized for it. It is no accident that this film has a staggering 97% on Rotten Tomatoes, and that its future transformation into an American remake is so detested. Now is the best chance to see this wonderful and beautiful film, especially when the Twilight series is currently setting the standard for vampire romance films right now. Pay attention Twilight, this is how it is done...and as a further note, this was done first. Bravo!
B002ZMZBD2|4.0|I really liked the music in the movie, \\"Sherlock Holmes,\\" so I immediately decided to purchase this CD after my visit to the movie theater. The music is great, but I gave it four stars, because it doesn't come with the end credit song... Otherwise, I love it!
B001OQCV2O|1.0|This movie follows the same gimmic over and over throughout.  Basically it involves John Cusak outrunning an earthquake in a car, then outrunning an exploding volcano in an R.V., then that same volcano in a plane, then a big dust cloud in a plane.    I enjoy a ridiculous end of the world movie, like Armageddon, but this one just followed the same event sequence 4 or 5 times over a couple hours.  Combine that with a lake of any character depth and being indifferent to whether they live or die and you have a rather boring movie despite it being an \\"action packed blockbuster.\\"
B0035XMGXS|4.0|I'm not at all in the target age group for the Jonas Brothers but I am a very big fan of their music (and their morals... hey, I'm a mom).  So needless to say, I was curious to see what Nick would do on his own.  In the end, he's most definitely crossed the chasm from teen pop-rock to adult contemporary pop-rock.  It's no secret that Nick is musically brilliant, so the fact that he's exploring new avenues isn't a shock, nor is the fact that he can gather artists far more experienced and skilled than himself to back his music.  Several tracks are fairly forgettable, for me, simply because I can't appreciate the Prince-like vibe of his singing.  The music, funk pop-rock, I can get behind 100%.  The strained falsetto and screaming I can't.  Overall, the album is excellent but it takes a few listens to really appreciate.  It's most definitely not the Jonas Brothers.  Which for some is great; for fans of JB, it takes a while to shift gears.  That's not a bad thing at all; it just takes a little work to get in the groove of a much less produced and synthed album.  Nick has done well for himself and has been wise in the musicians he's chosen to surround himself with.  He'll have a long career, no doubt, and I really wouldn't be surprised with a Grammy nod or two next year.  Overall, a fabulous freshman (I know, technically, sophmore) solo effort.  His music is real and raw and fairly honest.  You may not be sold right away, but giving the music time to percolate a bit, you'll find it really is pretty good.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|I just received my Emma DVD and I'm happy to say that the DVD includes in the original BBC version - not the PBS version.  Upon watching the DVD I was surprise to see delightful scene after scene not seen in the PBS airing.  More shocking is that the multiple scenes cut where not just \\"filler\\" scenes, but actually dialogue scenes between major characters.  Most shocking is that PBS cut a conversation between Knightly and Emma prior to the dance - discussing her dance card and a scene following the proposal in which Emma & Knightly discuss when each of them realized their love for one another and many other scenes... shame on PBS for cutting the story to pieces!  Bravo to BBC for including them on the DVD.
B0026P3G12|5.0|It's Susan.  What else needs to be said.  Her voice is a gift from God & it's great that she is finally realizing some dreams and fame and money from it.  Her voice sends chills up and down my spine.  So glad she promised her mother she would try.  We all have the rewards of hearing her voice and watching her innocence.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|I haven't read the original books so I cannot compare this TV series to the original series, but I think \\"Legend of the Seeker\\" is a great show. It is easy to follow, visually pleasing, and more than anything, it is extremely entertaining. I would recommend it to people who like fantasies.
B001FB4W0C|1.0|One of the discs is scratched so that we are missing 5 episodes of the season. The box that the discs came in was cracked.
B0002F6BRE|5.0|Product came in almost perfect condition, even though it said it was used and came super fast. It looked brand new. Great purchase and I would use these sellers again.
B001QOGYFO|4.0|This movie is about what I expected. Could figure out most of the characters  before the end, but did hold my attention.
159562015X|2.0|I purchased the book on the recommendation of a friend.  The test was easy to take and the book was fairly easy to read, but the information contained was not earth shatteringly enlightening and didn't tell me anything I didn't already know.  I read the book, took the test and immediately had a \\"now what?\\" feeling.  From reading the forum on the book's website, it seems that many others had the same feelings.  If you're going to buy the book, don't buy it for the full list price, its a waste of money.  I purchased it at Amazon for less than half of the list price I would have had to pay a t a book store or on the website for the book.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|First of all, to all the simple minds that want to hate on this album because Layne Staley is gone, GET OVER IT!      From beginning to end, this CD rocks. Hard. This group is yet another great band to come out of adversity, with a new frontman, and completely blow us away. If you are a die hard Staley fan, and just won't accept the fact that this band is being successful without him, you aren't a TRUE Alice In Chains fan. I agree that Staley was awesome, but it's not the end of the world, and it certainly shouldn't mark the end of AIC. It takes a whole band to make a name for the great bands out there...not just one person.     If you are a fan of AIC, you will like this album. They can still throw it down, and honestly, I think this may be their best work to date. From first song to last, each piece captures their true essence. People can interpret the songs however they want, as some have, but they really have no idea what they are talking about. Sorry to dwell so much on the haters. It just irritates me that there are so many out here, claiming to be such a fan of AIC, and/or metal music in general....then they go degrading all of it.     Do yourself a favor if you are looking to pick this excellent work up. Give it a listen and see for yourself.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|This is an all-time favorite for my family. This dvd came as a two disc set. One in original black and white, the other in color. I loved the option of watching the color version, very well done. I would recommend this to a friend.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|Cute movie as far as chick flicks go. More men like this one than most other girly movies. Surprisingly funny.
006621131X|5.0|With honesty, grace, restraint, and an infinitely delicate precision of language, Patti Smith recounts her life in the late 1960s and early 1970s, how she found her way as a poet, artist, and musician. All of this was inextricably bound to her relationship with artist Robert Mapplethorpe, when they were both \\"just kids\\" in New York City.<br />Their extraordinary love for each other, and how they inspired each other's work, is told simply and purely, unfolding like a flower. It was hard to come to the end of it.
B003102JDM|5.0|A Serious Man is everything that I want and expect from a movie. It has expertly written dialogue that is both engaging and interesting, and superb and flawless acting in all of the performances.
B000JML7EC|5.0|There are few novels that have had as much influence in popular culture as \\"Treasure Island.\\" Pirates with talking parrots, treasure maps, mutiny, deceit, this novel has it all. In spite of this, a great many individuals pass on reading the book because they think it is simply a childrens story. If you are leaning toward this bias, you should know that this claim is not true; the novel is filled with witty and believable characters. It also shows the duplicity of human character when brought about by greed and self preservation. Not only is it a classic for it's influence, it is also a classic for it's depiction of human behavior in abnormal circumstances.
B00005N6KG|3.0|I've had a pair of these Sony MDR-W08 phones for a few months, and I think they're just...okay. The sound quality is alright, but not very brilliant, rich, or satisfying. For comparison, I bought these to replace a set of standard Apple earbuds that came with my iPod Shuffle; to my ears, the Apple earbuds were superior in sound reproduction.<br /><br />My other issue is that the speakers don't stay put in my ears when I'm running. They keep slipping out every minute or two, and that can drive you crazy.<br /><br />For (...), these are not a bad deal, and they're probably fine if you're not going to do anything super-active. But I'm going to look for something better soon, for sure.
B000LC55F2|5.0|Product came in almost perfect condition, even though it said it was used and came super fast. It looked brand new. Great purchase and I would use these sellers again.
0385528752|5.0|The Heath brothers do a great job of sharing potentially dry information in a understandable and engaging manner.     I appreciated the viewpoint and data shared in regards to self control being an exhaustible resource. It gives me new understanding for myself and others. There were lots of nuggets through-out the book, many have been shared in other reviews.    Personally I have found it helpful for my own change as well as potential change I'd like to implement in the workplace. It is encouraging and motivating for those contemplating change of most any sort.
B002WCLG3O|3.0|I'll start by saying that I am a big and long time fan..  I've played all the games and own/read all the books.    I'm also a long time fan of Japanese Anime but mostly the more mature and original titles.    My favorite short was \\"the package\\" and the \\"the duel\\".  Although \\"the duel\\" was in a watercolor style it made up it's lack of graphic art with a interesting story line.  If judged on just these two I would give this nearly 5 stars.  Voice acting and action were great in them.  The stories were not corny or cheesy like the others.    \\"Origins 1 and 2\\" were not great but still pleasant to watch just once.    The others were horrible..  They belong in the catagory with all the other generic cheap pumped out anime that seems so common in Japan.      Still worth it though and Walmart has this for the same price as well.
0452295548|5.0|This book gave me a whole new understanding about myself and the my relationship to the world around me.  I have a new perspective on life now.
B001QERPDO|5.0|The songs on The Script's self titled CD are moving.  They tell stories about love and loss.  As a person who is going through a breakup, I find many of the songs relavent.  They are touching, moving, and tear-jerkers.  \\"Breakeven\\" speaks to anyone who has had their heart broken while \\"Before the Worst\\" just makes you want to go back to happier times in a relationship.      For everyone, this is an amazing CD but for anyone going through a tough time with love, listen to the songs and be open to what may come.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Excellent device for runners, really great, it will become your inseparable friend during races! The manual is a little complicated and not easy to understand, but if you have patience and friends who have got one, go for it!
1594488843|5.0|Another winner from Daniel Pink !!<br /><br />The central theme is the mismatch between what science has discovered and what businesses do when it comes to motivating people.<br /><br />I thought Pink hit the nail on the head when he quotes McGregor \\"Most people believed that the people in their organizations fundamentally disliked work and would avoid it if they could. These faceless minions feared taking responsibility, craved security, and badly needed direction. As a result, 'most people must be coerced, controlled, directed and threatened with punishment to get them to put forth adequate effort toward the achievement of organizational objectives'. But McGregor said there was an alternative view of employees - one that offered a more accurate assessment of the human condition and a more effective starting point for running companies. This perspective held that taking an interest in work is as natural as play or rest, that creativity and ingenuity were widely distributed in the population, and that under the proper conditions, people will accept, and even seek, responsibility\\".<br /><br />Right On !!! If you agree with the above paragraph, this book is for you.<br /><br />The book attacks the carrot and stick approach to motivation as being irrelevant in a world where tasks are no longer routine. Even for tasks that are routine, Pink suggests connecting them to a larger purpose and allowing people the automony to complete the task their own way.<br /><br />I am in complete agreement with what Pink says drives us - the need for autonomy, the opportunity for mastery and alignment with a larger purpose and meaning. The book distinguishes between those of us driven by inherent motivation (calls us Type I) in contrast to those who are driven by extrinsic desires (Type X). I could identify completely with the drivers for Type I - the inherent tendency to seek out novelty and challenges, to extend and expercise our capacities, to explore and to learn. I love the book, its premise and its conclusion. It spoke to me directly.<br /><br />Through good research and illustrative case studies, Pink explains how Type I behavior emerges.<br /><br />People seek autonomy over their tasks, time, technique and team. Any one who has been an entrepreuner or has entertained thoughts of being one can appreciate this. \\"We are born to be players; not pawns\\" says Pink ! To me that's motivational poster material ....that's going up on my wall ! Pink blames the very idea that we need to be managed has conspired to turn our 'default' setting at birth from being autonomous individuals to a compliant Type X.<br /><br />The largest drain for organizations is the disengaged individuals in it. Only engagement can produce mastery. What leaders don't seem to comprehend though is that compliance to satisfy the demands of those in control is an anti-thesis to our grain as human beings. Yet corporations and classrooms alike are notoriously structured around control as the core strategy. In the chapter on Mastery, Pink talks at length about the 'flow' where the activity is its own reward. Performance artists, atheletes experience the focus and satisfaction that comes from 'forgetting themselves in a function'. The perfect match between what people must do and what people can do is key to attaining engagement. There is ample references to attaining mastery through deliberate practice, a theme made popular by Geoffery Colvin's \\"Talent is oVerrated\\".<br /><br />The book ends with a Type I toolkit - a guide for implementing the ideas from the book. Including a reading list that includes some of my own favorites - \\"The Fifth Discipline\\" by Peter Singe and \\"Outliers\\" by Malcolm Gladwell.poke to me directly.    Through good research and illustrative case studies, Pink explains how Type I behavior emerges.     People seek autonomy over their tasks, time, technique and team. Any one who has been an entrepreuner or has entertained thoughts of being one can appreciate this. \\"We are born to be players; not pawns\\" says Pink ! To me that's motivational poster material ....that's going up on my wall ! Pink blames the very idea that we need to be managed has conspired to turn our 'default' setting at birth from being autonomous individuals to a compliant Type X.     The largest drain for organizations is the disengaged individuals in it. Only engagement can produce mastery. What leaders don't seem to comprehend though is that compliance to satisfy the demands of those in control is an anti-thesis to our grain as human beings. Yet corporations and classrooms alike are notoriously structured around control as the core strategy. In the chapter on Mastery, Pink talks at length about the 'flow' where the activity is its own reward. Performance artists, atheletes experience the focus and satisfaction that comes from 'forgetting themselves in a function'. The perfect match between what people must do and what people can do is key to attaining engagement. There is ample references to attaining mastery through deliberate practice, a theme made popular by Geoffery Colvin's \\"Talent is oVerrated\\".    The book ends with a Type I toolkit - a guide for implementing the ideas from the book. Including a reading list that includes some of my own favorites - \\"The Fifth Discipline\\" by Peter Singe and \\"Outliers\\" by Malcolm Gladwell.
B002WCLG3O|2.0|Some of it was okay, and I found the first 2 (origens and origens 2) interesting.  And there is some cool animation.  But overall the stories were arbitrary and gave me no connection to the central theme.  Some stories are just goofy (Spartan 1337? give me a break).  I really like the books and the games, but this either didn't translate well to anime, or the creators just didn't get what makes the story great.  If you're a fan of Halo it's hard to say not to buy it because there is SOME interesting stuff, but I can't see how this is good and I fully expect it to collect dust behind the rest of my watchable blu rays.  I was excited about this, even braved the snow and bad roads to go buy it.  Now I wish I would have just rented it.
B000J5XS3C|5.0|this is great... we enjoy it a lot... my father and i... had very long KARAOKE nights whit our friends...    sadly, the power supply, is a MINI PLUG DIN of 3 PINS... so, you need to be careful to handle it... mines already broken, and i think i burn mine... coz one pin broked it    ill try to fix it by my self... like im a Engineer... if not, i will have to buy anotherone
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I saw this movie at the movies and enjoyed it just as much on the television.  It was fantastic.  Only wish I had a bigger screen tv to watch it on like and 65\\".  It was the best.
1594481717|5.0|Brilliant! The sort of book that just might make you sit up and look at the rest of your life differently!<br /><br />Daniel Pink writes about the right brain faculties which will be critical in order to thrive in the future; a future where your product and service offerings need to appeal to the aesthetic sensibilities of the buyers who dismiss features and quality as merely the price of entry to the market; a future where globalization implies that if it can be done overseas, so it will be; a future where automation is law and medicine.<br /><br />Several years ago, Betty Edwards' \\"Drawing with the Right Side of the Brain\\" brought to our awareness the distinction of the nonlinear, intuitive right brain vs the sequential, logical left brain through her best selling book that spoke to artists. Daniel Pink's book brings it closer to businesses.<br /><br />The book makes the case that the future belongs to pattern recognizers, meaning maker, empathizers. I say it always did. Arguably the seismic shifts of globalization, automation and emphasis on aesthetics in current times have made the need for right brain qualities more pronounced than ever.<br /><br />Left brained capabilities are necessary but no longer sufficient; those that possess a `whole new mind' will reap the richest rewards says Pink. The book is in itself an excellent demonstration of a wholesome combination of right brained and left brained faculties ; it is excellent story telling never losing sight of the big picture, chapter after chapter analytically and sequentially building the case.<br /><br />Pink spells out six essential `aptitudes' to master in order to achieve the `whole new mind' - design, story, symphony, empathy, play and meaning. And goes onto spend a chapter on each. Here below is my fast forward through the six chapters.<br /><br />Design as in going beyond function and utility. Ability to tell stories that include context and delivered with emotional impact will become important in the conceptual age to distinguish your products and services. Being able to put the pieces by recognizing patterns is Symphony. Understanding what makes others tick, to create relationships is empathy. Play refers to the laughter and lightheartedness that leads to creativity. Meaning is our quest for a purpose in what we do.<br /><br />I can relate the trends in the software services industry that I come from to each of the six aptitudes Pink talks about. Increased emphasis on the end-user experience, empathy for the user's needs to address their needs, big picture thinking around system architecture, need for leaders to grasp what makes the software engineers tick are all trends we see unfolding as we speak. The need for humor to enhance creativity and man's eternal quest for meaning from work are applicable to any industry.s and services. Being able to put the pieces by recognizing patterns is Symphony. Understanding what makes others tick, to create relationships is empathy. Play refers to the laughter and lightheartedness that leads to creativity. Meaning is our quest for a purpose in what we do.     I can relate the trends in the software services industry that I come from to each of the six aptitudes Pink talks about. Increased emphasis on the end-user experience, empathy for the user's needs to address their needs, big picture thinking around system architecture, need for leaders to grasp what makes the software engineers tick are all trends we see unfolding as we speak. The need for humor to enhance creativity and man's eternal quest for meaning from work are applicable to any industry.
0812550706|5.0|The product arrived on time, it was in excellant shape and the book report will now be a success.  thank you
B00005N6KG|5.0|I run 1200+ miles per year and these are the best headphones for me and my MP3 player.  I have been wearing these for at least the past 10 years.  Besides daily running, I also wear these on my daily 20 minute walk to work and back and when doing chores (cleaning, gardening, cooking) on the weekends. I wear these on average for about 15-20 hours per week.  Yes, I have to replace them about every 6 months but that's not due to any defect of the product, it's due to wear & tear & sweat. Alas these are not wireless and the cord often gets accidentally caught or hung up on something and all those \\"pulls\\" add up and stress the cord which eventually breaks down.  I'm thankful the price is relatively cheap so that I can replace them easily.  Today I found these available as a 6-pack at an even cheaper price so that's what I'm going to order.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|What an amazing story.  I feel honored to have seen this movie.  I have only seen it twice, but let me tell you, the first time I saw it was yesterday. :)  Temple is an inspiration to all of us alike.  She is different, but not less...just like everyone single one of us.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I've been searching, waiting, writing, petitioning for this forever! It's about time!     An excellent, clever show, cynical and honest, with just everything there.
0316044938|5.0|\\"The Lovely Bones\\" is a great book that was told from an interesting point of view point, has multi-faceted characters, and draws out so many of the reader's emotions. I do agree with many people that this book can be disturbing but the fact that you were being presented Susie's story without anything being held back was what made it such a good book. What really drew me in was the fact that as Susie shadowed her friends and family from \\"the in-between\\". From her watching, the reader is able to see how her death affects her family, friends, and murderer Mr. Harvey. Each character deals with the pain of losing Susie in a different way and never quite in the way I would have expected. Surprisingly the character I found most interesting was Mr. Harvey, as the book goes on you begin to learn about his childhood and his past actions that add depth to the story. As a warning, I found some of the parts in Mr. Harvey's point of view more disturbing than the actual rape and murder in the beginning of the book; it shows how he thinks and justifies the murder. Along with the characters on earth Susie brought a whole other side to the story as she watched her family over time and longed to be able to grow up with her siblings. All in all the strongest attribute of the book was how multi-sided the characters were and how each person always seemed to surprise the reader. \\"The Lovely Bones\\" is one of the best books I have read in awhile and as the story followed Susie and her family's journey it managed to make me both laugh and cry. Sometimes the narration didn't fit with Susie's age, but all in all this didn't take much away from the book. I would definitely recommend \\"The Lovely Bones\\" but before you read it you should put some thought into deciding if this is really a subject you are ready or want to deal with. For me as a high school student it served as a chilling reminder that there is always a possibility for danger even when you don't at first see any threat. For manyolder readers and mothers, including my own it was a little to close for comfort to the real dangers their children face. If you are prepared for the difficult subjects in \\"The Lovely Bones\\", it is a fantastic book that will keeping you thinking about it for days after you have finished. I hope you enjoy this book as much as I have.
B000654YRY|5.0|Great concert
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|Well..My review title may seem a bit pretentious at first, but there is a reason for that.     Calling this a \\"movie\\" or \\"kid flick\\" just doesn't seem to cover the bases here. This is indeed a film in every sense of the word. Yes, it is a Pixar film, but it is far more than your average Disney fare and, to my mind, the best film Pixar has done to date.     I can't begin to express the pure and raw emotion this tale evokes. If you have ever loved and lost, or known the real joy/heartache of true love, this will move you in ways you will not expect. While there are plenty of prat falls and comedy to make this a joy to watch with the kiddies, the true heart of this story is told within the first ten minutes...and it does so with very few words. To me, the heart of this film lies within the story of Carl and Ellie Fredrickson. Bonded by youth and a love for an intrepid explorer, they found each other...Carl is the shy and timid kind, where Ellie is a seemingly endless fountain of energy and enthusiasm. It is a kind hearted exploration of the human condition...and it is profound in it's simplicity.     Enter Russell...Wilderness Explorer extraordinaire. He's the lad many of us were in our youth, wide eyed and naive enough to see the world as one big adventure. It's in his naivity, despite a broken home and uncaring father, that we fondly remember the rose-colored glasses of youth...and he embodies that time in our lives when it was all going to be okay.     Dug is the most accurate portrayal of a dog I have ever seen on screen...animated or not. He shows the unconditional love and loyalty that we all come to expect from a perfect canine companion. I have to give kudos to the animators here, because I could see every single (yet matted) hair on him with incredibly life-like precision. His expressions and over all painted (or pixelated) enthusiasm left me wanting to reach out to the screen and give him a great big hug and a Milk Bone.     The voices could not be more perfectly casted...Christopher Plummer as Charles Muntz is incredible and I had to store away my images of Baron Von Trapp. Ed Asner as Carl Fredrickson may seem type-casted as the crotchety fellow..but he does it with as much panache as he conquered the role of the lovable Lou Grant. Through all of the digital computer designs and colors..you see THE MAN. Beyond that..you see the person inside of us all.     I won't go into the story..as I am sure most have you have seen the film already. What I will say to those who have not, PLEASE see this film as it is my pick for the best that 2009 had to offer. I would even go so far as to say it is my personal pick as the most moving film of the decade. In a world as jaded and cynical as we live in now..this is 90 minutes of pure joy that will easily make you remember that, despite all the politics and ills of today, there truly is the capacity for warmth and love...even in a silly little \\"kiddie flick\\".
B000Q6GX5Y|2.0|Really liked the movie, but this Blu-Ray is awful. The video quality is terrible, gradients during dark scenes and grainy throughout. The audio mix is even worse, really quiet voices with extremely loud sound effects/ambient music, impossible to balance. Look for a different version/format of this one!
B00127RAJY|5.0|this video is very good with a combination of dieting you will see results within 30 days.  I love it
B000ZECQ08|5.0|esta película no se Ajusta nada al libro. es la que menos me gusta, o mejor dicho, la única que no me gusta.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Before I get started with this review I feel it is necessary to state my experience with this infamous franchise.  In no way am I, or have I ever been a \\"Trekkie,\\" though I have occasionally watched the various Star Trek television series when they've been on, but not to the point where I'd place myself amongst its fans.  I've always admired the series from a distance, enjoying such movies as Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan and Star Trek VIII: First Contact (1996), but I've never really gone past those critically acclaimed gems.<br /><br />Now that my history with the Star Trek franchise is out there I'll state what I have to say on the newest entry; a reinvention of the original TV series for a new generation.  My opinion:  I LOVE this movie!  Completely and unabashedly I will say for non-Trek fans this is by far the best film the franchise has ever had to offer.  It's just that good.  Not only is it the best movie of the 2009 Summer season it is one of the best space-opera styled films of the decade.<br /><br />How did Hollywood manage to actually revise a classic series properly?  With years of \\"re-imagining\\" and remakes Hollywood has finally done one right!  This movie (from what I know) has all I've come to expect from a Star Trek film while at the same time upping the ante of the classic Space Opera to finally transcend its TV roots and enter the foray of cinema.<br /><br />Star Trek is a free flying joyride that soars above its competitors!  J.J. Abrams has brought Star Trek to everyone outside its loyal fans while retaining what makes Star Trek Star Trek.  Everything about this movie is well-crafted.  The visual effects are perfect, the casting is perfect - everyone in this film truly put in a great deal of effort to bring Trek to a new generation and it shows.
B000P0J0A6|5.0|I ordered this DVD for my son who, even at 17 enjoyed it. It's become a classic film, combining just the right mix of cute, cuddly fun, comedy and horror that appeals to many viewers.
0312370849|2.0|So many people have reccommended this book to me and then it was given to me as a gift so I read it. I do not like to read 'sad' books. This book was not only sad it was fractured and manipulative. I thought that the present day story was boring and fake. The parts of the story from 1942 were better written but then it all just fell apart completely. I was angy at how many tears I shed to be abandoned by the author and taken into present time to a person (Julia who was not even likable) and her life and need to show us what a great person she is. Yech, This book was not in any way redeeming or worth the sadness that it induced.<br /><br />I have 2 small children and I am Jewish and I just don't see the point of the way the story unfolded. Just sad manipulative drivel that made me feel embarressed for the author who clearly wanted the story to be about this Julia character being such a great person to 'discover'; this history. If you are going to write a book about the Holocaust or about children in the holocaust, it should not be anything akin to Sarah's key. This book does nothing for the memory of the murdered children of the Holocaust. But it does leave you feeling empty and sad so maybe that is the point.<br /><br />There was no redemption just arrogance. Who cares about the present day part of the story? As if the Sarah story was not enough.<br /><br />This book really upset me on too many levels.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|///<br />I love MJ.<br />His Music, His Talent....<br />The Best Showman Ever Lived!!!
B001QOGYFO|1.0|Kate phones in her part and i don't blame her because as soon as she saw the script she probably started laughing, but if someone is going to pay some nice bucks to do a crap movie i think most people would, Dominic Sena really ought to do everyone a favor and retire, this guy can't direct his way out of a paper bag, why does anyone hire him?  This pile of dung will be as quickly forgotten as Kate's other \\"masterpiece\\" from 2008 \\"Winged Creatures\\" aka \\"Fragments\\".  Kate needs to start making some better career choices before she gets type cast as a \\"B Movie\\" star - but maybe it's too late.
0783226888|3.0|\\"The Jackal\\" is a remake of the 1973 movie \\"The Day of the Jackal\\". In that movie, a professional hit man known only as The Jackal is hired to assassinate French president De Gaulle. His perfect murder plot is foiled only at the very last second, in a closing scene that's almost a cult classic. In the new version, The Jackal is hired by a foreign mobster to take out a high ranking American official. Soon, both the FBI and the ex-KGB are on his tail.<br /><br />Unfortunately, the new version is very boring. It's saved by Bruce Willis, an excellent actor when not forced to make trivial \\"Die Hard\\" sequels. Willis stars The Jackal, who turns out to be a sociopathically overconfident terrorist who looks somewhat gay! I didn't know Willis could look gay, but it seems this man can do pretty much anything. I like him best in the last part of the movie, when The Jackal slowly but steadfastly looses his grip. The transformation from overconfident &Uuml;bermensch to hunted crazy animal is pretty convincing. Two other good actors involved in this production are Sidney Poitier and Richard Gere.<br /><br />And yet, not even the presence of three Hollywood stars can save this production. The original movie was clever, almost too clever. The new film is simply one of many action thrillers. It contains all the usual stereotyped plot elements: a bunch of Russians, a stupid backwoods nerd who can build *really* big machine guns, a closing fight between the Bad Guy and the Good Guy...and, of course, a Bad Guy that dies really hard! Those who remember the original version will gasp at the rather silly remakes of the various plot elements. Not to mention all the loose ends...<br /><br />But yes, Bruce Willis was excellent. I guess you could say that \\"The Jackal\\" was saved by the Bruce Willis bell. That's the only reason why I give it three stars (the OK rating).
0307408833|2.0|I have celiac disease, and when I received this book as a gift I was super excited, based on the hype surrounding Babycakes bakeries & the associated cookbook.      If you make any of the gf recipes, I highly recommend substituting in sorghum or another (less disgusting) high protein flour for the garbanzo-fava flour.  Unless you like your chocolate cupcakes w/ an overpowering beany flavor.    I'm also thinking I may swap something else in for the agave nectar, which is crazy expensive.  And while I'm not an expert, there is some controversy surrounding agave nectar... it's my understanding that there not all agave is harvested responsibly, and that some brands market \\"organic & all natural\\" agave nectar which is, in fact, chemical refined & converted into a product that is just about as healthy as HFCS - do your research, people!    As other reviewers have stated.... many of the ingredients in this book are very, very hard to find (even at Whole Foods & my crazy -but well stocked- little local health food store).  And while I've grown accustomed to paying a premium for many of my gf products, some of the most expensive baking ingredients in this book are used frequently, and in quantity.    I'm giving this book two stars for the beautiful photos, and the usefulness of these recipes as jumping off points for health conscious & allergic bakers.  But don't be afraid to tinker.
B0000DETET|5.0|This album is a true metal classic which help inspire both thrash metal and black metal to the glorious standards we old dear today.  This band was never given any respect or admiration by their piers but legions of fans embraced this great music and still to this day rock out to Venom.  Venom earned their respect the hard way, and that's the reason they are still around today to adoring legions of fans.  This album was the beginning of something great, anyone who listens to this style of music knows why.  The production is low but the sound is great and totally Black Metal sounding.  Great tracks, riffs and vox, check this classic out now and experience Venom!
1400034779|5.0|I'm rating the whole series with those 5 stars. There is a lightness that permeates these books. They are full of hope, refreshing simplicity and a moral clarity that is unrealistic but not banal.
B001GCUO4S|3.0|Saw this in the theater and the 3D BLEW me away!!! The premise of the movie is the same old same old and isn't real great but the 3D in the theater made it a blast!    Got this dvd out last night and was immediatley turned off when I looked at the 3D glasses and realized they were Red and Blue. Old school crap!    The 3D on My bloody Valentine was top notch and awesome for home viewing. The glasses were green and magenta and it worked really well. The red n blue for Final Destination 4 is crap. The left eye which is red totally takes over the blue side and gave me a headache within seconds. The 3D wasn't that breathtaking AT ALL like in the theater.     And I have a 1080P 52\\" and it still looked like $h1T!!!!     If you want a great HOME 3d movie experience than watch My Bloody Valentine 3D.
B002N1AEN2|5.0|This album is by far my favorite in my collection.  I have not been able to stop listening to it and I am not tiring of it either.  It puts me in a happy place when I am down or low and everyone that I share this album with, Loves it! It is without a doubt a \\"Must Have\\" album.
B0029O08WA|5.0|After reading the book, I had to have both the Twilight and New Moon soundtracks. I really enjoy the songs on this cd for they are all very unique.  Great for listening to at any time.<br />Overall, I love this music.
B0007O38XU|5.0|SPaceballs is a classic. I love it. No matter how many times I watch it - it gets me to laugh aloud every time. Enjoy!
B0020MKTOS|5.0|Great movie, Even my 80 year old mother liked it!  Clint Eastwood has always been great!  Came just in time to put in my husband's Christmas stocking.
B000002L68|5.0|I never thought this classic album, Purple Rain, would be discontinued by the Manufacturer. Purple Rain is more than just a film that starred Prince. It's probably his finest work to date with songs like \\"When Doves Cry,\\" \\"Purple Rain,\\" \\"I would die for you,\\" \\"Let's Go Crazy,\\" and others on this compact disc or album or audio cassette are unforgettable, unique, and part of the 1980s MTV generation. Prince and the Revolution were themselves a revolution with the unforgettable almost x-rated film. Purple Rain, the movie and the music, remain classic because they still live up today. Much like Michael Jackson's Thriller, Prince has Purple Rain as one of his best-selling works. Still regardless of technical reasons or manufacturing problems, Purple Rain should never never ever be out of stock or out of production. It's timeless, revolutionary, and part of the MTV generation.
B001ED7C58|5.0|I bought this cd after reading the book and watching the movie and I love every song on it.  The music on the cd is all from the motion picture and delivers music for any mood and for any one.<br />Overall, I am exceptionally satisfied with this purchase and would recomend it to anyone.
1572816112|5.0|This is the most hauntingly exquisite tarot deck.  The Deviant Moon images truly take my breath away.  I have achieved great readings with this deck and they feel wonderful in my hands.  Go to Patrick's web site and check out all the beautiful artwork he has to offer.  I eagerly await his next deck.  Bravo!
B0013N7AD8|4.0|I will spare everyone the movie reviews of the movies in this set , because frankly i think you have had to at least seen one or two movies in this set at some point.  It's 2010 and these movies are old.  With that being said the first two are the best and the last two are just ok.   But the High def collection as a whole is great , because the picture quality and the audio quality on all four films is really good. And that is the reason your buying this set on blu-ray in the first place. Right!  In this collection is  Tim Burton Batman 89  and Batman returns and Joel Schumacher Batman Forever and Batman & Robin.  This collection is filled to the brink with Special Features.  Including Audio commentary , behind the scenes ,  trailers and other great amazing features.  Do you love batman  , did you enjoy the films in this set and do you want the best picture and audio available on any format.  If the answer is yes , then what are you doing reading this.  Click Add and Buy.
0061703257|2.0|This is the first book I've read by this author. I have seen the movie Mystic River and really enjoyed it so I thought I'd give this novel a shot. I enjoy good classic western literature (Steinbeck) as well as entertaining/page turning novels (Dan Brown). This book is neither of those, by a long shot. In summary, the book promises a complex plot including government conspiracy and sinister medical experimentation, but this is merely a thin facade disguising a cheap plot twist mechanism that we have all seen a million times, which in the end leaves you feeling completely cheated. Someone else has said that the book reads like something Lehane wrote entirely over a long weekend. I couldn't agree more.
1400052173|5.0|I read about this book just last week and had to order it right away. Just the right mix of biography and science; you don't need to be a science major to understand the basics. The family and social dynamics are compelling. Perfect read for Black History month.
B000002H48|5.0|This concert was the supposedly the Death Knell of Nuclear Engergy.  The Seabrook Station in NH was the LAST Permitted Nuclear Power Plant.  One of the reactors was NEVER built...similar to Shearon Harris in NC.  To salvage the project, NorthEast Utilities sold the components and they were supposedly SHIPPED to France.  France has the highest percentage of Nuclear Enegery generation of all the major countries.    What a wonderful commmentary that President Obama announced yesterday that the US will build a Nuclear Power Plant....as part of our GREEN energy initiative and decrease our RELIANCE on Fossil Fuel in Georgia.  We will create 3500 Construction Jobs and 800 Permanent Jobs....OK, the new jobs will be in 2017, but that's close enough to count them in the Stimulus Bill Job Creation numbers.    Gov. Dukasis (sp?) was the most instrumental person in SHUTTING down the Second reactor at Seabrook since there was a rule that any community within 10 miles could protest....and protest they did (He was the Democratic Governor of MA).    All the folks that participated in this concert also supported Al Gore and Obama.  How sweet it is that Obama has turned his back on them....and with all the information now compiled on ClimatgeGate, we know that much of the data predicting Global Warming was tainted by the Advoacy Agenda of some of the members of the scientific community.    I wonder how the Social Scientists felt last night when they saw all the evening newscasts....probably consumed a lot more adult beverages or prescription meds or recreational chemicals to dull the pain of the \\"Chosen One\\" abandoning them for poll ratings.    I plan to order this to ENJOY the music and also the VICTORY...
B002NUULNG|5.0|Having been a ghost in the shell fan since the original release back in 1995  since this new blu-ray retool edition was an interesting experience as i got to see what it would like if it was made today.  And while I don't mind the new updated cg effects.  I still prefer the original animation.  Just something about how it looks keeps the soul of the animation.  I feel the Cg areas sorta loses something from the process and it gets lost.  On the plus side the animation here looks beautiful and truly amazing especially in HD and because of that I have to recommend this blu-ray if only for the updated remastering of the animation parts.   The sound track also sounds amazing   and if you have never seen Ghost in the shell  ,but have seen the Matrix and love it or dark city or anything cyber punk sci fi thriller, then Ghost in the Shell is a must see movie.
B000YAA68C|4.0|I originally rented this movie thinking it was a light romantic comedy to watch alone one evening.  WRONG!  If that is what you are looking for, do not watch this movie.  I do not particularly care for sappy movies such as The Notebook, Titanic, etc.  This was not sappy, it was heart wrenching.  That being said, it was a very moving movie.  There were some laughs, but not a comedy.  Beautiful scenery, beautiful people, beautiful story.
B0035KESBE|5.0|At long last, Michael Jackson's Moonwalker DVD in USA-Format. I watched mine about 5 times now before writing this review and I have to say, the picture quality and Dolby sound on this imported DVD is SUPERBLY EXCELLENT, Im really really impressed! DVD is indeed 100% Authentic and Brand New. It arrived in tamper-proof shrinkwrap seal which you can only open by peeling off the plastic completely. The disc is brand new and perfect. Amazing to see Michael in flat screen =) Its Crystal Clear!     I'm a big Michael Jackson fan. The last time I saw this in my own TV was on VHS and that was way back when I was in highschool. I watch the Youtube uploads but nothing compares to watching it in your own TV, so imagine my BLISS this past weekend. I ordered it Jan 25 and I received it Friday afternoon Feb 12th because it came all the way from Manila, Phillipines so be prepared to wait. I didn't really mind because I found out about this item from another friend from the forums who ordered and received hers ahead of mine. And boy, its truly worth the wait! That same evening, I sat down on my bed and watched this alone with buttered popcorn and iced coffee---OH WOW! Its Michael, Michael and more Michael in all glory- that angelic dimpled smile, his fierce swagger and his bad era curls... the storyline is about this mysterious superhero or ANGEL who moonlights as a pop superstar. He fights against the antagonist played by Joe Pesci. You could really notice the influence of 80s-90s Japanese superheroes like Shaider, Bioman and the likes of Daimos to Michael in making this movie. He really is a child at heart which is why all children will surely enjoy this movie. For adults like me, its simply nostalgic and a true reminder of why Michael remains to be the biggest superstar the world has ever known. He is truly one of a kind and truly amazing! Imagine watching the shortfilm \\"Smooth Criminal\\" in the 1980s??? I mean, it drops my jaw even now, what more back then! I remember really being GLUED to the screen whenever I saw it on MTV and It still has that same effect to me now seeing the full shortfilm included in this DVD. And the full MTV of \\"COME TOGETHER\\"-- oh wow, no words... no words to describe Michael here. So hot!     Every Michael Jackson fan should have this DVD in their collection!  DEFINITELY BUY IT! THIS IS IT! Genuine Moonwalker DVD for all American fans! 5 GLOWING STARS *****
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|A must have movie if you are a Batman fan. Great movie, brilliant director, awesome actors. Looking forward for the 3rd one this 2012
B0030BOCEG|2.0|Someone tell me what just happened? This is not HIM, it's a Top 40 POP Band now. If you are a HIM fan from the older years, this album will do nothing for you. A huge dissappointment, but had to buy it because I was a HIM Loyalist.
B002RI9ZPY|5.0|Have been reading since age 4 (am now 68) and mostly fiction for the past 50 years.  A novel a week.  This trilogy is, in my opinion, the finest series I have ever read and Hornet's Nest may be the very best piece of fiction I have ever read.  I found myself purposely slowing down in my reading because I simply did not want it to end.  These are not stand alone books.  Read them as 1-2-3 and you will never forget the experience.  The biggest problem is what to read when you are finished.  Everything else pales by comparison by virtually every measure.  I envy those of you who have not started the journey or who are looking forward to the second and third novels. I almost look forward to the possibility of Alzheimers so I can read these over and over for the rest of my life. I may do so anyway.<br /><br />BR
B0015AARJI|5.0|very good quality and looks and feels identical to the one that comes with the console.     nothing more to say :)
0307454541|4.0|I had great fun reading this book. It had enough suspense that made it hard for me to put it down. I definitely would recommend this for most readers.
1419336916|5.0|[[ASIN:1419336916 Atonement]]  This was an excellent book with psychological insights for the main characters.  I looked forward to each episode as I listened to this book on my commute to and from work.
B001AQT11M|1.0|I would love for my kids to see this DVD, but Disney fails to tell you this disc does not work on all DVD players. Mine being a Panasonic.  I contacted Disney and they said they were aware of the problem and would send me another Disney title or my money back, but of course I had to pay to ship it to them. Thanks Disney for again ripping me off.
0156027321|5.0|As of now, there are almost 2000 reviews of Life of Pi on Amazon. Many positive reviews state that the reason that Life of Pi is a great book is because it is different from other books available in bookstores. The negative reviews discuss one of two points. One point is that only half of the book is worthwhile, while the other opinion is that the book is filled with gore. While I respect all of these writer's opinions, some of their observations I do not believe contain enough evidence to back them up.    I agree that the book is a great break from many other books available in stores because of its very unique plot and the fact that Martel's voice really shows through, making the story shine. It combines a great piece of writing filled with tales of religions with an exciting survivor story. Both parts provided me a great reading experience. The beginning tells of Pi as he travels between religions. I found it very interesting as a reader to see all of the connections between the three religions that he participated in: Hinduism, Christianity, and Islam. The second part was enjoyable because of the detail that the author used at describing his adventures at sea. He discusses his fascinating trip aboard a lifeboat in the company of a full size Bengal Tiger. Overall, the book Life of Pi is a great piece of writing combined with an exciting adventure tale, all of which makes Life of Pi an amazing piece of writing and a pleasure to read.    I believe that the author had one major goal when writing Life of Pi. He uses a constant theme throughout the book by finding similarities inside of differences. For example, the beginning of the book shows how even though the religions seem very different, there are similarities within them. The second part of the story continues this theme by showing how two totally different life forms were able to cooperate and survive within a confined space.  I believe the author accomplished his goal very well. He makes it very clear how finding similarities inside differences is important to make connections with others.     Overall, Life of Pi is a highly enjoyable novel with very unusual characters.
0307269981|5.0|I didn't think this would come close to The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, it was even more suspenseful and hard to put down. I look forward to reading the third book in this series. The characters come to life, and quite different they are from each other. Wonderful reading.
B001NP8PQW|5.0|I bought this concert footage for my fiance for Christmas and he was beyond THRILLED! We watched it Christmas night and the concert footage is amazing! The Blu-Ray format is so crystal clear in sound and picture that you cannot help but feel like you are in the front row for the concert! If you are a fan of The Cure, I highly recommend this concert, you'll enjoy every minute of it!
B002IYEQR4|2.0|Well....where do I begin?    Don't get me wrong, I liked Watchmen when it was released in theaters. I even read the comic beforehand (liked it, natch) and still enjoyed it. I mean,   you can only convey so much in a single film, right? And I think, considering certain changes by the creative team and the limitations imposed   by...whoever is responsible for the running time, the theatrical cut was pretty good. I heard some very contrasting opinions on this super-long-ass   version; some said it was the very best and some said it was the very worst, 'completely falling apart' as described by more than one person.    So then I saw it. Twice. Just to make sure.    I think I'll have to agree with those in the 'hater' camp. Ouch.    Alright, obviously the big problem with the Ultimate Cut is Tales of the Black Freighter being added to the movie. Great animated short, well acted, but   it is very poorly edited into the film. Abysmally. Pathetically. The transition effects range from being either extremely poor and almost nonexistent to     nonexistent entirely. This is incredibly jarring and completely ruins the flow of the movie, almost bringing it to a grinding halt. I really don't know   what's worse, suddenly leaping into these animated sequences and having to adjust accordingly or leaping out of them and having to adjust back to the   actual movie (which stylistically is completely different from Black Freighter). Plus, the viewer's attention to and knowledge of the plot is disrupted   so often that the movie feels overlong, endless even.    Another failure of the Ultimate Cut is the the added live-action scenes segueing (and I use that term very loosely, see above) between the Black   Freighter scenes and the movie proper, or 'the scenes with the Two Bernies'. Apparently this was supposed to provide a perspective of 'the-man-on-the-  street', the ignorant bystanders who eventually get caught up in Veidt's scheme. The acting was perfectly fine. Yet both 'Bernies' were given so little   screen-time and were so barely developed that they amounted to nothing more than glorified extras with lines. When New York was destroyed while the two   embraced, I didn't feel anything. No sense of scale of the loss of life or even a sense of loss, period. This is worsened by the previously mentioned   pacing problems, which make you wish the movie would just hurry the hell up already (sorta like me, hah hah hah).    Last but not least is the thematic importance of the Black Freighter and the parallels it draws with Veidt's ultimate plan. Whatever ambiguity that was   present in the theatrical version or the director's cut is completely lost in this version, at least in theory. Assuming now that the Black Freighter   scenes were well integrated and actually seemed relevant to the overall plot, it essentially tells us that Veidt's plan is doomed to fail. He murdered   over 15 million people, deceived many more and framed and murdered his former colleagues...all for nothing. This seems to leave a not so subtle   impression on the viewer regarding Rorschach and Veidt's final decisions: Rorschach = Somewhat Good In The End (though still a deluded, ruthless   psychopath), Veidt = Bad. Very, very, very, very, very, veeeeeeeery bad. Isn't that right, kids? Just look at how bad he is! Boooooo!  At best, it's redundant. At worst, it is unbelievably hamfisted and condescending to the viewer, like they can't draw their own opinion. The comic was   ambiguous about it, both in theory and in execution; this 'Ultimate Cut' just spoon-feeds it to you in a very misguided way.    Aside from that, the new material brought along by the director's cut is pretty damn good and makes the movie flow better and the plot more   understandable. All except for one little thing...    'Mommy, that guy in the space rocket...is he Jesus?'  'No, honey.'    That's...that's just...inexcusable. From any standpoint. It worked in the comic because it was just one small exchange in ahectic scene where a lot was   happening. It didn't slow the scene down or become its focus (hell, you didn't even see the mother and child). Here, the combination of the swelling   music and the lingering close-up of the mother and child is far too corny. Condescending. TWEE. Hell, it almost implies that the only way the audience   can feel for these people is if we get a close up of a cute and oblivious child saying something cute and oblivious! So cheap! So, so...insulting.    From what I gather, the only reason this so-called 'Ultimate Cut' exists is to \\"appease the fans\\". Judging by this product, it appears you can just   shoehorn in any old crap without careful consideration of how it effects the pacing or the overall movie, and these \\"fans\\" will just unthinkingly gobble   it up by virtue of it simply being there. \\"So what if it doesn't work at all? Look! There's that thing from the comic that wasn't there before! Yay!   Other people know that it exists! Clap and honk like the trained seals that you are, fandom! Ork! Ork!\\" This is a depressing trend, where people are   willing to sacrifice quality and good sense in favour of cheap pandering, and the creators of said material are increasingly willing to grant them this.
B00008DDHZ|5.0|An important peice of Irish history which has been covered up by the British, which the world should be aware and not ignorant of! Some images are unsettling, but these events happened, and history isn't always pretty.
0307408833|1.0|I was so hoping that this book would help me be the mom on the block that creates the wonderful GF cupcakes (I'm celiac). I don't know if my daughter has my allergies as she is only 10 months old (I like to prepare early:) ) but NO WAY would kids who DO NOT have allergies ever touch the icky chocolate frosting in this book. Bummer!
B002XTBE8I|5.0|Seriously, I know you bought Relapse already so don't buy it again.  Purchase the new tracks individually and your money will be more than worth it.  Forget the Drake song, because you visited this page to get more Relapse, and that's not it at all.  The new tracks could've been some of the best ones if they were released on Relapse.  I'm glad that this extra Em was just as deliverable as the L.P.  Best track on the Refill is \\"My Darling\\" by far.  It's a concept song that reminds me why I listen to Eminem.  It's comparable to \\"Guilty Conscience\\" because Em knows how to make a conversation out of a rap, and he should do it more often.  \\"Elevator\\" comes in a close second because of its slick production.  It sounds like a little of the Eminem Show and a dose of \\"We Made You.\\"  I'm liking this new beat approach, and I encourage producers to follow suit.  My other favorite songs on the, what I'll call and E.P., are \\"Drop the Bomb on 'Em\\" and \\"Taking My Ball.\\"  Those two are a lot more fun, while \\"Buffalo Bill\\" and \\"Music Box\\" are a little dark.  Do not fear however, Refill offers no weak track.  I was upset at the way they were going to release these extra tracks, but I'm grateful they went through with it.  Just be smart and download them if you already own Relapse.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is such a wonderful album.  I loved the way the songs showcased Susan Boyle's talent; voice soars and trembles and shouts the lyrics so beautifully!  The album was my Christmas Present to family and very good friends.  Each receipent loved the recording; one good friend said, laughingly, \\"I almost bought this today, but thought I'd do it later when the lines weren't so long!\\"    I have loved the dreams that came to me in listening almost as much as I love hearing it.  I have to hand it to Susan Boyle who REALLY is living her own dream.  To have stood up there alone in front of a snickering audience in that lace doilly dress and sing as she did was an incredible lesson to those of us with frail courage.
B000RZIGVS|2.0|For my girlfriends birthday last year, I had ordered her Star Trek: Enterprise. We received it with no problems. The set was packed in a box with foam to protect from any damages and that fuzzy paper stuff to protect the cases from being scratched.    So when my birthday came around, being the avid Star Trek fans we are, we bought this set. It was our next favorite in the series. I am happy now that I have the series, but very unsatisfied with how it came. First off it was shipped in a cardboard box that could fit only the the actual dvd set. There was no padding or packing peanuts, or protective foam pieces. Not even the case itself was wrapped. Only the DVD cases inside were. Which by the way were all cracked because again there was protective padding or anything else in the box. The box was so small that literally I had to flip it upside down to slide the dvd set out of.     The other thing that upsets me is that unlike the enterprise series which was considerably cheaper, and came with booklets for each season and layed out the episodes, this one does not. This is the 20th Anniversary Set, and yet comes with nothing but the discs. No extra booklets or anything to help lay out the episodes or give any background on them.    Anywhooo...if you like star trek, but don't care about the packaging too much than this is for you. I just feel the value of this product has decreased some because of what it lacks and the condition I received it in. Though even if you order it from the actual star trek website, it doesn't come any different, from what I can see.    UPDATE: When we started watching this it was on my PS3 (HDMI setup). When we tried to watch the DVDs on our Toshiba DVD played they did not work. So be careful these may not play for you!!    Update 2: Also as mentioned...the quality is poor. I figured it was because this show came out in the 80s..they weren't filming with HD cameras or anything, though I figured since this was the 20th anniversary set it would bebetter.
0811866351|5.0|I'm from Spain, totally obsessed with animation and, of course, with Disney. Their last work of art was just so good I had to order this book when I knew of its existence, since it is awfully difficult to find it in my country. It was what I expected it to be. I truly recommend this book to the real fans of the movie. Better than any form of merchandise, it reflects perfectly the spirit of the film in every way and it will be the best purchase to make if you want something to match the DVD in your shelf. I believe that even if you weren't very impressed with the movie, the book will amaze you. It is full of imagination, colour and a \\"gumbo\\" of ideas you will sure enjoy. While I wasn't very satisfied with the \\"text\\" part, it was fun to read anyway and I'm glad I have it now with me. It's a beautiful golden book to admire.
B000059TEQ|5.0|Excellent film that dates myself to the era of Love Story. I grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts and was always over in the Harvard Yard and Cambridge Square area. It has been many years since my wife and I had looked at it and decided to own it for our Grandchildren to watch. The price was right and the same thing exists on our store called myfishgear which features, fishing, hunting and boating gear.   I should like to say that Amazon was at the right place at the right time. I always go to Amazon.com first for special things. Thanks, Amazon. R. Peterson, Placida, Florida USA
B001UV4XUG|5.0|500 days of summer is one of the best movies ive seen in a while. its so funny and down to earth, this is the story of every man or woman in the dating pool. you may come out of it with negative feelings or not like it at all, but you will have to admit that it was well written and you connected to the characters enough to form a strong opinion.
B001CDLATE|5.0|\\"Baraka\\"(1992) is filmed and directed by Ron Fricke, who also was the cinematographer of Koyannisqatsi (1982). This non-narrative film that explores the human condition was shot in 70mm in 24 countries on six continents, and has, with this blu-ray edition, been restored with a 8K HD Scan, the first and only film to receive this ultra-high definition treatment. Its sequel \\"Samsara\\" is planned for release in 2010. This disc also includes a restoration documentary, and an almost one hour feature about the making of the film. The score is by Michael Stearns and features music by Dead Can Dance and others. This is a film to have if one wants to see what blu-ray is capable of.
B002SJIO5E|4.0|What an amazing film this is!  Sometimes a movie is able to take the audience completely by surprise.  DISTRICT 9 is such a film.  The gritty documentary style literally sucks the viewer in to the world created so expertly by Peter Jackson.  The perspective of the film moves from present day to past and back in smooth story telling transitions.  The  in medias res beginning makes the movie feel so unique and \\"lived in.\\"  The film is \\"real\\" in many aspects.  It feels much like a history channel program while at the same time portrays real \\"human\\" emotion and often depravity.  This is all mixed with an intriguing plot, and sci-fi action.  All in all, DISTRICT 9 is a brilliant movie executed perfectly.  The political sarcasm is fantastic.  The film is not at all what one expects, and this fact is what creates the extreme pleasure the film delivers.
B0009GV9LO|5.0|There are many reasons to buy this DVD, but the first is Aragall, acknowledged by his peers as the finest tenor of the 20th century. The beauty of his voice is unparalleled and his acting is such that he is Cavaradossi. He is supported by Eva Marton who is very believable as Tosca and Ingvar Wixell who is deliciously evil as Scarpia,not as good as Ruggero Raimondi, which would have made it a dream casting. Daniel Oren's conducting shows the promise to come. I have friends who do not think they are opera lovers but after hearing Aragall's \\"Dammi i colori\\" beg to listen to the whole opera.Puccini sung as he intended.
B002KAO23E|3.0|Not bad overall, but missing punctuation and some half sentences serve to pull the reader out of the story.  Unfortunate, as this is one story in which the reader hopes to get perfectly lost.
B00180R06I|5.0|After making his masterpiece, The Passion of Joan Of Arc, Dreyer made another impressive work, one which deals with the paranormal universe of the vampire. But instead of the now unbearable Twilight vampires which are more ridiculous than mysterious, we have instead a very haunting vampire, and also paranormal, story here. The visuals are very impressive, for the year they were done which was 1932, and they are very effective. they offer us an eerie and almost nightmarish atmosphere that adds to the drama of the story. Even the music helps making the atmosphere more haunting, straight from the credits at the beginning. A great idea of putting the screenplay along with the novel that inspired the film. It can makes us see how at the time, the art of the screenplay was written at the time.
1401359418|3.0|And so it is with luck - unlucky people miss chance opportunities because they are too focused on looking for something else. They go to parties intent on finding their perfect partner and so miss opportunities to make good friends. They look through newspapers determined to find certain types of job advertisements and as a result miss other types of jobs. Lucky people are more relaxed and open, and therefore see what is there rather than just what they are looking for.    My research revealed that lucky people generate good fortune via four basic principles. They are skilled at creating and noticing chance opportunities, make lucky decisions by listening to their intuition, create self-fulfilling prophesies via positive expectations, and adopt a resilient attitude that transforms bad luck into good.    Unlucky people often fail to follow their intuition when making a choice, whereas lucky people tend to respect hunches. Lucky people are interested in how they both think and feel about the various options, rather than simply looking at the rational side of the situation. I think this helps them because gut feelings act as an alarm bell - a reason to consider a decision carefully.      Unlucky people tend to be creatures of routine. They tend to take the same route to and from work and talk to the same types of people at parties. In contrast, many lucky people try to introduce variety into their lives. For example, one person described how he thought of a colour before arriving at a party and then introduced himself to people wearing that colour. This kind of behaviour boosts the likelihood of chance opportunities by introducing variety.      Lucky people tend to see the positive side of their ill fortune. They imagine how things could have been worse. In one interview, a lucky volunteer arrived with his leg in a plaster cast and described how he had fallen down a flight of stairs. I asked him whether he still felt lucky and he cheerfully explained that he felt luckier than before. As he pointed out, he could have broken his neck.
B000ZOSMTW|3.0|VIDEO ON THE DVD LOOKS LIKE IT WAS DONE IN SOMEONE'S BASEMENT.THE AUDIO IN DTS IS GOOD,BUT PICTURE QUALITY TAKES<br />AWAY FROM THE GOOD SOUND.I WAS DISAPPOINTED BEING A STEELY FAN.
B000OPOAJS|5.0|The movie can be a little slow at times, but the chases sequences are spectatular plus, Robert De Niro does great in this role.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I just loved North and South!!!!!!! It rates second to Pride and Prejudice. I have seen it over and over again. I absolutely loved the characters. Richard Armitage is a gorgeous man. Pity he has not been used in other period series as he is ideal.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|The Snowman is the best Christmas \\"to share with family and friends\\" that anyone can offer... Enjoy and Share and Happy Holidays
B002EWD0I6|5.0|I love series produced by BBC. They always seem to get the characters, settings and costumes just right. I have been waiting for another good series especially after watching Cranford.    Anyway I am hooked now so am off to order the sequel.. :)
B002U6CJCE|5.0|The movie itself was a bit confusing at first, because if you had seen \\"The return\\" you'd question why is JVCD so weird in this one. But overall I enjoyed the movie, it's a grittier, straight to the point ass kickin' universal solider movie. I've been a fan of Jean Claude since a kid and I didn't hesitate to add this movie to my collection. It's good to see him and Dolph reprise their roles again, but this movie blew the second one out of the water. Picture quality is very clear & so is the sound.
B002XTBEDI|4.0|I agree with some of the reviewers who stated that is was a fairly good series but lacking in some things. Overall..I still enjoyed Cranford and look forward to the next release as I do love the characters...
B002RI9PHW|4.0|Fun to read book, specially if you are looking for light reading and something entertaining. I recommend it for people who like chick-flicks (a.k.a romantic comedies) like me.
0440539811|4.0|Shea and Wilson's \\"Illuminatus\\" trilogy is full of wildly inventive, sharp political satire. Taking numerous \\"conspiracy theories\\" and weaving them into a surrealistic whole, the authors manage to involve celebrated historical figures like H.P. Lovecraft, FDR and John Dillinger as characters.<br /><br />In a curious (and perhaps significant) coincidence, the \\"discordian\\" philosophy touted and quoted throughout the trilogy derived from the mind of a very interesting individual. Kerry Thornley was one of Lee Harvey Oswald's fellow marines. He testified before the Warren Commission, and much of the information linking Oswald to Russia came from him (Thornley stated that the others in the platoon referred to him as \\"Private Oswaldovitch\\"). Amazingly, Thornley wrote a book about Lee Harvey Oswald BEFORE the Kennedy assassination. He has long been a person of interest to JFK assassination researchers. The fact that Shea and Wilson were so influenced by Thornley and his invented \\"discordian\\" philosophy is fascinating, to say the least.<br /><br />My own 2007 novel \\"The Unreals\\" was influenced by the \\"Illuminatus\\" trilogy. Shea and Wilson do a masterful job of weaving real historical events and figures into a fictional setting. While much of the conspiratorial stuff is perhaps purposefully far fetched, readers will find references to some of their favorite subjects within the pages of \\"Illuminatus.\\"<br /><br />I highly recommend this work.
B00005JKGZ|4.0|I have fond memories of this film and the additional material that supports it on the DVD's makes this a must for MGM fans as well as all film lovers.<br />[[ASIN:B001IZID8M Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith: Collectors Edition]]
B000UBMWG4|5.0|I have been waiting for this collection on DVD, but never got it. Then after getting a Blu-Ray player it was time to start building a collection. I have the original and other cuts on LaserDisc and DVD, but have always been confused by what I was led to believe to be additional versions available. Now I have them all and on Blu-Ray. This was a must have, first acquisition. From what I can tell there is so much in this collect that it will take me forever to get through it all. But I have watched the Director's Cut and it was amazing. Picture and sound were incredible on my DLP and 7.1 Surround Sound system. This will be a perfect snow bound day way to spend the time. I can't wait.
078513915X|4.0|I wish I could give it a 4.75 stars because I only had problems with some of the graphics. I am a graphics novel fan and old and new comics. The romance started when I was able to read my first comic book a million years ago. So when I saw a graphic novel of my favorite couple ever, I bought it without hesitation.  Now, I must disagree with the negative comments about the rendition of the 5 girls.  I think Lizzie, Jane, Mary, Kitty and Lydia look as they should have. They look beautiful and sexy, nothing wrong with that. Emotions where clearly disaplayed adding much to the novel.  The story line was faithful to the book, and the clothing was typical of the time period. And what a great way to introduce young minds to classics.. I can tell you that this book is also a great learning tool.  Just now, while I live overseas, a young German neighbor has been sitting, for hours, reading it while  improving her English and actually enjoying the learning experience for the 1st time.<br /><br />  The one complaint, are the rendering of a few of the characters:  1. COL Fitzwilliam.  Not sure how old are the graphics artists, but he was around 33 years old, 6 or 7 years older than Darcy.  In here he appears in his late 40's and not dashing at all.  2.  Why is the Mrs. Bennet so old looking?  She married when she was probably 17 or 18.  The oldest girl is Jane, who is 22,  that would make her around 40+  years old;  In this version of PP she appears around 50 or so. At the same time, Mr. Bennet looks like the grandfather when he was probably in his mid forties.  3.  Why does Darcy have so many wrinkles?  He was 26 or 27 years and maybe that is old for a 20 year old, but at least I know different; and why is Ann wearing glasses, meaning that if you wear glasses you are a frump?<br /><br />  Besides that I just love this version of PP. I hope there are many more classic graphic novels to come.
B001GAPC1K|5.0|This has to be one of the best movies ever. And to have it in Blu-Ray makes it even better. It looks gorgeous (DLP) and sounds incredible (7.1 SS). I won't try to go into detail, because there are reviews here that go into dire detail that I will refrain from. If you need more info take a look around. But I'll tell ya, if you miss this one, you'll be sorry. It's just plain NUTZ!!!!<br /><br />Can't wait for Ironman 2.
0861714911|4.0|An essential for beginners (like myself)who are new to the teachings of the Buddha and the underlying philosophy of Buddhism. Bhikkhu Bodhi, gradually introduces the Buddha, his quest and his enlightment. In addition, the book allows the reader to appreciate the history of buddhism demonstrating no bias towards any school of practice. Being able to read the teachings as they were recorded, rather than an interpretation of them, allows the student or the general reader to develop their personal appreciation.
B002LFAHBO|5.0|This movie is the best movie i have seen before and bluray is a perfect experiment in my life
B0000029LG|5.0|Michael Jackson's History album is amazing i mean you couldnt expect anything less it's Michael and he will be forever loved and missed...Long Live The KING Michael Joseph Jackson
B0030BOCKK|4.0|Well ,let me start it off by saying, HIM  never had a bad album, even  Dark light had its charms, HIM is the kind of band that keeps on experimenting with music as time goes by and this is not a bad thing , bands that tent to re- create their old albums (see Linkinpark) always end up sounding boring and repetitive.<br /><br />Screamworks was obviously inspired by the 80's era, the synth and pianos are very upbeat and the music is very easy to listen to, there is NO venus doom/ greatest love songs reference here, Ville's Deep Voice is gone in this album as a sacrifice to cause appeal to the Pop Culture.<br /><br />Think of this album as a Venus Doom -Light version. very upbeat and clean, if you are a HIM fan you know there's NO such thing as OLD HIM  and NEW HIM, this band is the same, they just love trying new stuff in every album, screamworks is no difference, I wont deny that I'll LOVE to see them going back to the Dark \\"Tim Burton \\" love is killing me Music which is why i love this band for.<br /><br />Overall the album is not bad but its not the best.<br /><br />Tracks that stand up are: Venere Veritas, Dying Song,Heartkiller, The foreboding sense of impending Happiness.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|This is a fabulous series.  I am recording the series on TV, but didn't have a way to share it with my Sister and family because they don't get the channel the series runs on.  When I found out that we could purchase it - I did.  They have all watched it - we had it running non-stop for a whole weekend.  They cannot wait for the 2nd series to come out.  The acting is fabulous and the filming is great.  I've bought all of Terry Goodkind's books also and am into the 5th book.  Keep them coming - they're great!
B001LF4IA6|5.0|Thought it was very good. I bought it just for the track from the Wrestler, but enjoyed a few other songs as well.
0689877803|1.0|Based on reviews I purchased Mission 1 & 2; I am returning them both today.  I read the first 60 pages, and this is what we got:  - bulling  - cynical dysfuctional family (no father, fat mother runs a crime ring for a living, doesn't care when son comes home early form school asking for help, cynical uncaring relationship of sibings, abusive step father)   - drunk mother suddenly dies (bulling issue unresolved)   - children shipped to foster home   - step dad separates kids (keeps 9-year old girl, rejects 11-year old boy)   - step dad takes possessesion of most valuable belongings  - boy gets caught by police when shoplifting beer for violent foster click  ...    my husband randomly picked a page to read:   - descriptive kissing scene where a girl was kissing the (now 12?) year old boy while placing her hand...    This is just not what I have in mind for a spy novel with cool gatgets for my 10 year old son.  This filth would lead most young minds to want to commit suicide...     One Mom
B001QWBM62|5.0|I've never had a recorder like this before and the manual that comes with it is almost completely incomprehensible. I had a terrible time figuring out how to get files into the thing, and how to get them into the multi-track mode and then how to start adding tracks. I couldn't figure out where anything was, how to play things back, how to not play things back... This is not the most intelligently designed device, but nonetheless, it is pretty cool and loads of fun for a singer. You can put your back up music into it -- you can get any karaoke or instrumental you want from the internet, convert it to Wave in your computer and drop it into the MTR folder and then start layering in your own voice and harmonies. There are a range of choices for reverb, from natural to very echoy. The internal mics are probably okay for recording an interview but not for singing -- singers will want to use a pro mic. My Shure mics sm58 and sm87a, works fine with the device. Obviously it's not going to give you top-notch studio quality, but it's capable of making a nice sounding recording.<br /><br />Update: Okay, I've had it 4 weeks and it's gotten much easier, but there are still things I'm figuring out. I did have a problem with it last week -- I connected the device to my computer and then loaded a Wave file into a new MTR folder which I created in my computer. That seemed to cause a problem. When I was trying to play it back on my H4n I was pressing different buttons and suddenly I got \\"file error\\" and suddenly nothing would work. I couldn't even delete the file. So I had to take out the SD card and go out and get a brand new one. Lost all my data, but fortunately I didn't have anything important on there yet. So, I'd suggest that you make your folders on the h4n device first, then drop your Wave files in them on the computer, but don't create folders on the computer and don't rename files there either. That said, I'm enjoying the device more and more as I get used to it.<br />------<br />Update:<br />Okay, I've had the thing nearly a year and I have really had a blast with it! I haven't had any more problems with the memory card (other than they fill up too fast) probably because I've finally figured out how to work it! I'm really happy with it now, and I've made some great music videos for youtube with it.<br />------<br />Update: I've had the device over two years and I'm still really enjoying it. Just upgraded it from 4 stars to 5, as a matter of fact. I find the best way to record my voice is to use a low reverb setting (Tall Room) and if I need to add more, I add it on my Mac with SoundPro, which comes with my Final Cut program. This way I can give it the exact amount I want. I find the reverb settings on the H4n to be either too little or too much, so doing it on the computer works best.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|Love this series! It's less clinical and often more fun than CSI, plus it has something much more to offer viewers. This show is a skillful combination of romance/sexual tension, crime drama and a peek into the writing life. Regarding the latter, it should be said that Castle represents authors who are in the elite 1-2% of the fiction world (those who have \\"made it\\" and hit the best seller list regularly). He represents only a handful who have achieved that much notoriety. And yet, Nathan Fillion, with help from good script writers, portrays so well in Castle that daunting pendulum swing from self-doubt to immense bravado, that constant companion that stalks any author throughout his or her career, that this makes him more real and accessible to us as viewers. Writers will tell you, no matter how famous they are, that all books have a life of their own and provide a roller coaster of emotion during every stage of the process from concept to publication. I imagine this is true of most artists, whatever their medium.<br /><br />Add to this perceptively portrayed writer one very hot detective (Castle's \\"muse\\") who is a strong woman, excellent at her job and an inspiration to the writer... all of it framed by an interesting murder case to investigate on each show and peppered with lots of sexual tension between the main characters, and you have a perfect recipe for fun entertaining television. The fact that the show's writers have not relegated Castle's mother and daughter to being two-dimensional props, but continue to bring them to the forefront of the story to support depth in Castle's character, and to allow us to learn more about him, should keep this show on the air for some time.
B002RSDW80|2.0|My mom and I are both great fans of good food and Julia Child.  We had heard the buzz over the movie Julie and Julia but missed it in the theatres.  We were both eager to taste the treat this true story was acclaimed to be and found it left a bitter taste in our mouth when the final credits floated away.<br /><br />The movie is based on a book written by Julie Powell.  The movie is two parallel stories bounced back and forth from scene to scene.  The first story is the details of Powell's experience while cooking her way through one of Child's cookbooks.  Powell, played by Amy Adams, is obsessed with Julia and her daily task of completing her blog.  She lacks the finesse to juggle her hobby and her hubby making her appear frantic and whiney.  The second story being told is that of Child in the early stages of her career, played brilliantly by Meryl Streep.  This portion of the movie is actually delightful and inspiring.  My star rating would have changed significantly if this was the only story told within this movie.<br /><br />Julie and Julia does not make me want to come back for seconds.  I would have enjoyed it more if the movie focused on Julia Child rather than the jarring switch between two lives.  I got the connections but found Child's upbeat attitude in too great of a contrast to Powell's whiny youth.
B002OFWG7O|4.0|The track selection on the CD is great, not one dud and the 'bonus' tracks are a nice addition (I generally do not like such additions, \\"forcing\\" fans to buy sets). I noticed, however, that some FF staples were missing, e.g. Walking After You and DOA. Not only are those definitely among FF's GH but they would have also made the set more varied, the selections more standard rock.    Given that 3-4 tracks could easily be added to the CD, there is no excuse for their absence.    Things get more curious when going through the DVD list. There are the above mentioned songs plus a few others. Why on earth are they not included on the CD set?    Hence, I sometimes simply play the DVD when listening to the music. That added inconvenience is why I duck a star from this set.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I actually took an entire week to look at reviews from bestbuy,mlg,ebay, and amazon. A lot of great reviews and a lot of bad reviews. I was actually so close to getting the Astro's but i though about the wires and also what other reviewer has said, \\"If you go to a lot of LAN parties seriously get the ASTROS if you play a lot at home then Turtle Beach X41.\\" I agree with that so i purchased the X41's.. When i put them on i was blown away just by the sound of the Xbox live menu. Then shortly i popped in MW2. First game went 32-1 next game 29-3, and then search and destroy i went 14-0 and was able to call in my AC-130. All those kills were because i heard footsteps behind me and reloads to my back left and back right. Simply the sound is OUTSTANDING. I have to admit i didnt have any poppin or cracking but i did have echo when i put them on, not me but my friends online heard themselves so i was worried and realized i didnt plug in the mic all the way in and then everything was gravy. Seriously im glad i purchased this product. I honestly cant believe i went so long without these, now at night I can play without disturbing my wife and child. Great product dont know how the astros sound but i do know these sound great and their wireless oh and yeah i was texting with these on while playing and there was no crackin poppin hissing nothing nada.
B002SR3T10|5.0|Have all of Tull's records since the first one in '69. Same great music and simply the best way to get into the Christmas mood [with a hot toddy as well]. Bring on next solstice Mr Anderson
B002MAQSAC|5.0|If you like fantasy and a quick, fun read this series is great.  I have enjoyed the entire series and I am a 50+ YO.
0786868724|5.0|Mitch Ablom has written a story about life.  He has gone back to his memories of childhood. His understanding of his childhood Rabbi comes to life.  He weaves this into the story of a Detroit church that is on the brink of disaster.  The Pastor with a dark background who has seen what faith can do.  A must read.
B00030DEQE|5.0|Great Intel PWLA8391GT PRO/1000 GT PCI Network Adapter I notices a differences on the internet speed.
B0017KIBAI|1.0|Unexpected that the C-stick failed to work properly when I got a brand-new controller. This is disappointing.
0199233381|2.0|it was a good idea to focus upon a number of the most important cities of ancient greece.  a problem was that the information hopped around to different centuries and so became choppy to read.  The big criticism is that the writing style is irritating.
B002OR18HQ|5.0|This is John Fogerty's triumphant return to The Royal Albert Hall, in London, 37 years after he had walked off the stage there. He mentions that a lot of bad things happened during that 37 years of time. But, then he says \\"there was a rainbow after the darkness\\". \\"It's a pot of Gold I have found with my family.\\" He goes on to state that \\"Tonight is a celebration of my music and my personal revival\\". \\"And when I walk off this stage tonight, it will be with a happy heart.\\" This concert was filmed on June 24, 2008. It has an approximate running time of 1 hour & 40 minutes. This is John Fogerty & his band at their best. John is in a very cheerful mood, and really gets into this concert. This concert is simply awesome. This concert includes some \\"Creedence\\" Classics and some of John's classics. This is the most enjoyable concert dvd that John Fogerty has ever released, in my opinion. John has this awesome band, backing him on these songs. This is a \\"Classic\\"!!!    The Line-up includes:  John Fogerty - Vocals, guitar, harmonia  Kenny Aronoff - Drums  Billy Burnette - electric guitar  Jason Mowery - fiddle, dobro, madolin, lap steel  Matt Nolen - Keyboards, accordian  Hunter Perrin - electric guitar  David Santos - bass     Plus, back-up singers: Gloria Shane, Jodie Kennedy, & Oren Waters.    Plus, Special guests Shane & Tyler Fogerty (both on lead electric guitars & both are John's sons. They look like a young John Fogerty, and they can really play the guitar!!!)    John has always had a fascination about Louisiana (my home state), and especially New Orleans, and it comes out in the songs he writes, and the songs he sings.     The song set:  1.Comin' down the road (previously unreleased)  2.BORN ON THE BAYOU!!!! (A Louisiana Favorite!!!!)  3.Lookin' out my backdoor  4.Rambunctious boy  5.Don't you wish it was true  6.My toot toot (John mentions that this was written by Sidney Simien, down in Lake Charles, Louisiana, and it became a mega hit, it is also a Louisiana \\"Classic\\" Song.)  7.Commotion  8.Creedence Song  9.Ramble Tamble  10.Gunslinger  11.I will walk with you (About John's 7 year old daughter)  12.Somebody help me  13.Keep on chooglin' (John really plays some great harmonia music on this one)  14.Southern streamline  15.Blue ridge Mountain Blues  16.Almost Saturday Night  17.rock & roll girls  18.Down on the Corner  19.Hey Tonigth  20.Up around the bend (Another Louisiana Favorite)  21.Old man down the road  22.Fortunate son  23.Travlin' band  24.Rockin' all over the World  25.Proud Mary (Another Louisian favorite)    This is a \\"must-have\\" for any Creedence or John Fogerty Fan in my opinion. Thanks!!!
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|The scenary of the angel fall and the plato that surroud the fall is awesome, seems almost real!!!!
0553382179|5.0|A positive, practical way to love yourself and bring order to your daily world.  It's a simple approach, that does not cling to hard and fast rules.  It will give you practical ideas and practical ways to implement them, if you choose to do so.  Always encouraging you along the way, the ideas for organizing your home and cleaning routines spill over into everyday life.  It's about attitude, baby steps, and caring for yourself enough to make positive changes.  Sprinkled with humor, first hand accounts of \\"then and now\\", and reader responses with results.  It's a short read that you'll refer to time and again.
B002XMGGJM|4.0|My family REALLY ENJOYED this Blue-Ray movie!<br />We had skipped it in the theaters, due to the negative reviews.<br />However, I decided to read the AMAZON reviews last week.<br />YOUR comments got me interested in going for THIS rental!<br />One suggestion: PLEASE DON'T GIVE AWAY THE ENDINGS...THANK YOU.<br />My personal experience was altered due to reading about the \\"twist\\".<br />I didn't tell anyone else, so they were able to fully enjoy this flick.<br />This is the SECOND time that AMAZON reviewers were both able to<br />HELP AND HINDER ME AT THE SAME TIME! STOP AND BE THOUGHTFUL!<br />Thank you, again, for your understanding.
B0029O08WA|5.0|Product arrived quickly and was packaged well. I love this soundtrack! I don't know if I want to listen to this one or the Twilight one!
B002BI6SMI|4.0|I really enjoyed watching this film from start to finish. It was a great fast-paced thriller. Liam Neesen was awesome! He should do more films like this one. CIA spy (former) suits him. The action sequences were thoroughly enjoyable and satisfying - they were very fluid, impressive to see, and believable. It's always nice to see the main character kick ass like no tomorrow. This film rocks!
B001ED7C58|5.0|Amazing soundtrack!!!! There are no words! Everytime I listen to it, I know exactly what scene the song is from! Highly recommend this for any Twilight lover!
0764207407|5.0|I was excited to receive a free copy of the Sense and Sensibility Insight Edition by Jane Austen($11 .99) from Bethany House!  I love reading Jane Austen's works and wanted to see what benefits the Insight Edition could bring to the experience.  What I found is Jane Austen's text is completely there but has been enhanced with notes, facts, and thoughts in the margins.  These annotations fall in 7 categories, denoted by icons, as follows(taken directly from page 8):<br /><br />Historical and cultural details and definitions from England in the early 1800s. Icon - a crown.<br />Facts and tidbits from Austen's life that parallel or illuminate the novel.  Icon - a quill pen.<br />References to S&S in today's culture, particularly in film. Icon - a movie camera.<br />Unscientific ranking of the novel's most frustrating characters.  Icon - a frowning face.<br />Themes of faith drawn from the novel or Austen's life. Icon - a cross.<br />Comments and asides on the book's characters and plot.  Icon - an open book.<br />The parts of the novel that just make us smile.  Icon - a smiley face.<br />It really was a pleasure reading this book!  I enjoyed having definitions, facts, and more right along side  the pertinent parts of the book.  This edition even has 12 questions for conversation at the end that could be used in a book club, if you are a part of one.<br /><br />{Disclaimer: I received one copy of this book for free to read and review from Bethany House.  I received no other compensation and all opinions presented herein are my own.}
0385474547|5.0|A novel of great importance that allows the reader to experience life in Africa from an African perspective. The illustrious Chinua Achebe, takes the reader back to a time when the Igbo (Nigeria) first encounter the white man and his civilization. It showed how a African people can be noble with our own laws, instead of depicting Africans as savages. Okonkwo is a character that you can both love and hate. A strict man who follows the rules of his culture, but at the same time alienates his own son and heir.     One of the most profound quotes from the novel is as follows: \\"Does the white man understand our custom about land?\\" \\"How can he when he does not even speak our tongue? But he says that our customs are bad; and our own brothers who have taken up his religion also say that our customs are bad. How do you think we can fight when our own brothers have turned against us? The white man is very clever. He came quietly and peaceably with his religion. We were amused at his foolishness and allowed him to stay. Now he has won our brothers, and our clan can no longer act like one. He has put a knife on the things that held us together and we have fallen apart.\\"
B00003CXTG|3.0|A better Pearl Harbor attack film is 1970's Tora Tora Tora, made at a time when CGI didn't exist (and before Ben Affleck's career existed).  Those filmmakers had to rely on models, matte shots, and sometimes real airplanes, ships & explosions for their special effects.  Also, Tora Tora Tora takes a straightforward, almost docu-drama approach to this historical event -- no cheesy love triangle, thank heaven -- and its performances and dialogue are almost like Citizen Kane next to 2001's Pearl Harbor.    What does Pearl Harbor (2001) have going for it?  Very good, often thrilling, visual design -- photography, sets and mostly (I'd guess) computer-generated special effects...and not much else.  The attack on Pearl Harbor is excitingly shot & edited.  Otherwise I thought the equally dumb characters & dialogue from Independence Day had been digitally copied and pasted into Pearl Harbor.  Just skip the pre-attack DVD chapters and watch the Japanese bomb Hawaii.  Then take the disc out of your machine, do yourself a favor and watch Tora Tora Tora.  You'll be glad you did.
B0028T6XXY|5.0|For start I must say that I'm not very fond of music DVD's but I gave it a shot and bought Michael's CD/DVD live on MSG... I loved it from the first minute! It was a great show and once again Michael proves that he is one of the best performers nowadays!
B0036EH40Q|3.0|Unless my source is completely wrong, [...], this is the theatrical version. I do love this movie & I will add it when it is the Directors cut.  I love this over Wyatt Earp by Costner.  I love this movie & I wish I could find the Wyatt Earp in the movie that is the great,great,great grandson to Wyatt.
0140143505|5.0|The service was great . . . the delivery quick . . . the book everything as advertised.  Would highly recommend this seller
B002XMGGJM|1.0|I really liked the movie and was looking forward to purchasing the Special Edition/Unrated DVD just to find out that the only unrated version is on BLU RAY!!?? Are you Kidding?!! I am a film maker and I PAY for special edition DVD's to support those involved in making the movies. If the format I use (because I am tired of being bullied into the newest technology & dvd's last until I die) is no longer selling UNRATED/SPECIAL EDITIONS, then I might as well DL them for Free or find a friend who has it and rip his! Yes, This is the ONLY negative review I have ever given and am very upset. It is the studio's loss then! If anyone finds an UNRATED/Special Edition DVD, then please let me know as I will most likely be in the market for one. I'm off to search torrents!    Laters
B001F12J0C|5.0|I ORDERED THE BOURNE IDENTITY TRILOGY FOR MY HUSBAND. IT SEEMED WE NEVER GOT TO SEE ALL OF THE MOVIES TOGETHER,SO I THOUGHT THIS WOULD BE A GOOD THING TO DO. HE STILL THANKS ME FOR GETTING THEM, EVERY TIME WE WATCH THEM. I FINALLY GOT HIM SOMETHING HE REALLY IS HAPPY WITH.
0451228731|5.0|I'd known about this book, but it wasn't until I saw the recently-released sequel, \\"Freedom\\", that I bought the paperback of \\"Daemon\\".  I ended up reading it in a single night. I couldn't stop.  While obviously a must-read for the so-called \\"internet geeks\\" and anyone who plays online games, this book is also one of the more interesting reads I've had in a long time. It will definitely not only make you re-think what is possible in the Internet Age, but it will make you want to go right out and start reading the sequel.
0810983915|5.0|Couldn't beat the price or my son's reaction on Christmas.  I also bought a set of these books for my nephew's birthday at the same time as my son's. Two very happy boys!
B00006I53S|5.0|The 28-135mm is a great walk around lens, it is my upgrade from the kit lens 18-55mm. I will probably never use the kit lens again.
0810994739|5.0|Couldn't beat the price or my son's reaction on Christmas.  I also bought a set of these books for my nephew's birthday at the same time as my son's. Two very happy boys!
1439175640|3.0|Let me explain... if you're a fan of the previous two books, like I am, chances are you already own them and bake from them often. My family enjoys the treats from this bakery so much that when I saw they had a new book, of course my husband gave it to me for Christmas. Well, I'm sorry to say it went back for a refund. Now, don't get me wrong, the recipes are as delicious as ever, it's just that it's practically the same two previous books just made into one! The same recipes, even the very same photos. There just wasn't enough new material to warrant buying this new book. So many repeats of the other books AND of the recipes in this book itself as well as the fact that they didn't more or less imply this in the description or blurbs, just makes me think that they were trying to make a quick buck off of the fans.   However, if you're trying out the Magnolia recipes for the first time, then definitely go for it.
0810970686|5.0|Couldn't beat the price or my son's reaction on Christmas.  I also bought a set of these books for my nephew's birthday at the same time as my son's. Two very happy boys!
B00007LTIG|5.0|I bought this CD because I don't want to completely wear out my vinyl copy purchased in 1967.  I first heard these guys while passing through Boulder, CO, on my way to CA in April '67.  At that moment I was an innocent lil' country bumpkin from the plains of NE, and had no idear music could transport one to such other places.  They were my first intro to psychedelic mania, and wow their sound struck a chord within my psyche.  Later that summer as fate would have it I was transfered to San Francisco for training; what a hoot.  The closest I ever came to attending a Dead concert was one afternoon that fall when they played a set in old Keesar Stadium in Golden Gate Park.  I wandered around the park listening to them, the Airplane, Quicksilver, Sopwith Camel, and I don't remember who else.  What a summer to wake up, and what a fantastic city to be in when it happened.  After this Dead baptism, the world just weren't the same as what it had been preached to be before.  Thank my lucky stars and folks like these scruffy dudes for that.  Wherever ol' Jerry is now, I'll bet he's one of the lead boogeymen there.
0810993139|5.0|Couldn't beat the price or my son's reaction on Christmas.  I also bought a set of these books for my nephew's birthday at the same time as my son's. Two very happy boys!    Only negative is I am not sure why this book wasn't included to be sold with the 3 books that proceed the original book?  They other 3 aren't any good without this initial story.
0786868724|4.0|I only knew about this book through word of mouth and an interview on Fresh Air but from what I'd heard, this was something my sister would like. Reading the product description strengthened that feeling. It turned out that I'd made a good choice.
1416955070|5.0|Lately everything I read is being compared to Twilight... With that said, this book/series was awesome.  It was funny, romantic, dark, and action packed.  It was a quick read and I couldn't put any of the books down; I had to make sure I had the next book before I finished the one I was on so I could start immediately.  Downside...Although I loved all the characters, twists and turns - the ending was a little anti-climatic, it was predictable in some ways, and some of the fight scenes dragged a little.  In the end I didn't feel the need to start all over again like I do when I read the Twilight series, BUT it was still fulfilling, fun to read, and Jace is one of the sexiest literary characters ever!.  I would definitely recommend it to anyone who likes a little supernatural romance and it will go down as one of my favorites!
0545128285|3.0|I don't think I full finished this.  It is a short read but wasn't nearly as captivating as the Harry Potter series.
B0000CC61G|4.0|For all the lovers of Progressive Rock, the band Anglagard is not going to leave your expectatives down. In spite of their big relativeness with Genesis, Spoke's Bear or maybe Focus; because to mention another name would be go to far. But the real thing is that the Anglagard music captures mainly the attention since the first song \\"Jordrok\\" to the last, with a phantasmagoric kind of feel because all the musical landscapes that appear. The band has great musical ideas to create real good compositions; although every time they write an harmonic guitar progression or a like flute texture or they abuse of the background mellotron \\"a la\\" GENESIS, they really break the music down...<br />The quality of the musical interpretations are simple but really good. They are not espectacular performers and keep a humble atmosphere between them although the classical guitar introduction of the song \\"Burg Bore\\".<br /><br />The overall sound of the recording, though it's good, it really listens like an old eighties recording, just in case you compare the disc with the Spoke's Bear or even the Marillion recordings. Wharever! I really recomend this Disc as a clear sample that the Good Progressive Rock is not dead, or at least not outside the english boundaries. The top tracks are: \\"Jordrok\\" and \\"Ganglat Fran Rnapptibble\\".... Good Luck!
B0013ND30W|5.0|Absolutely great for all ages.  My grandchildren enjoyed it as well as all the adults who watched it.
0307716988|5.0|When this book originally came out in '88, I wasn't interested in reading it.  I thought this book was going to be fluffy BS. I have read stuff on him from other points of view but it was nice to read from his POV circa 1988. It is a simple read, recommended for fans or new fans. Reading this book, I became sad and mentally missed this MJ and what he was trying to do and looking forward to accomplishing of making movies & music in his future.  All before the ish hit the fan and his childlike honest innocent outlook on life and love of children was sadly misunderstood by the public in the 90's(sad to say it was misunderstood even by this person writing this review, particularly when he settled out of court). But in '05 in the midst of that madness & taking time to read up on things about that trial on my own I thought differently. I really liked hearing from his own words his childhood (or lack thereof) of perfecting his musical talent with constant rehearsals,shows, tours. He has true love of his family, inspite of being pulled in a direction of doing things he didn't want to do.  He also has great respect and appreciation for his idols such as James Brown, Jackie Wilson, Fred Astair, Gene Kelly, Sammy Davis Jr.    As a Motown 25 junkie, I love the way he talked in his own words of spending soo much rehearsal time on the J5 routine with his brothers that for his own solo spot he came up with it on the fly just the day before before taping the tv special.  He talked about he was in search of a spy hat for the routine and how he had someone off the stage hand him the hat while one portion of the stage was dark.  I looved the inside information on how that came to be! Particularly how he even picked out the shiny black jacket waaay before doing that show but saved it for an event such as what he was on!!  That shiny black jacket he wore he ended up giving to Sammy Davis Jr.    If you are a MJ fan and originally had doubts on this book like I did on it being fluffy BS this is definitely for you!!  It will make you truly miss that MJ (circa '88) and wonder what it would have been like if he didn't have all that madness and mess come into his life (some of which of his own doing). What if he wasn't always in a need (from the mid 90's to just before he passed away) of searching for some kind of happiness in himself when he was traveling to various places in the world?  Why couldn't he find that same happiness in himself as he could in his music and performing to countless people throughout his career??  I guess it will always leave me wondering and feeling sad for some aspects of his life but yet know that now he is FINALLY in the peace he was forever searching for.    He has set the road map for the pop artists of today, especially black entertainers of how the game is and raised the bar on what you should do for your fans and always take it to the next level and strive for perfection in all that you do.  A lot of today's black hip hop and R&B stars owe a debt of gratitude for MJ breaking that color barrier on MTV!!     My favorite quote from this book is this: \\"What one wishes is to be touched by truth and to be able to interprete that truth so that one may use what one is feeling & experiencing, be it despair or joy, in a way that will add meaning to one's life and will hopefully touch others as well. This is art in it's highest form. Those moments of enlightment are what I continue to live for.\\"    I get clowned on by a friend because I am such an uber fan (LOL)!!! Yet as I have told this friend pop music sucks a whole lot more because he is gone!! I can sadly never think of June 25th the same way as long as I live!! He is often imitated but sho nuff can never be duplicated-RIP!!!!
B00000JXVK|5.0|Bruce Brown's classic is as educational as it is funny.  Great footage and commentary of the early 70's racing scene.  Makes you want to throw a leg over and go riding with some buddies.  - Alan Wickstrand
B00080ZG10|4.0|Fascinating and entertaining biography of Howard Hughes.  My only complaint is that it ended abruptly, leaving me wanting to find out what happened after that; what happened during the rest of Hughes' life. If it weren't for the ending (or the lack thereof) I would have given it 5 stars.....
B00133KDM8|5.0|Personal Review: I will say I am no music critic, or professional.  I am however a writer and artist, one who has used the power of Nightwish's music for some time for emotional and spiritual inspiration.  I first discovered the band due to the recommendation of a friend and from the first time I heard Nemo, to the Walt Disney tribute Fantasmic, every word and sound had me hooked like a drug.  But naturally, it did not last and Tarja was fired from the band.  Now comes the debate.    Critics and 'loyalists' to Nightwish say that the true fans stay with the band even with their new lead singer.  And I am sorry but Annette is not Tarja.  Her high pitched squeaky voice does nothing to capture the power and emotion previously given to us and if anything is out of place in that style of music.  Something akin to Brittney Spears singing with Korn.  Not pretty.  In fact it is at the point where I cannot listen to their new cd due to Annette butchering the sound, despite my hope they MIGHT save the album.  In my personal opinion, they will not last.    Tarja's new cd came as a saving grace to me and I was more then eager to get it.  I will say I believe any actual Nightwish fan will be more compelled to check out this album then Dark Passion Play and the like.    Technical Review: Bottom line, Tarja's voice is just as powerful and emotional as always, and upon hearing even just the first few songs I was taken back.  Musically some of the songs lack the power of previous Nightwish albums like Once, but then again that is hard to top.  Many of the songs from My Winter Storm carry a more sorrowful tone, which does not lack.  So my final review is just this, while it is not as powerful as Tarja's former works with Nightwish, it certainly is a remarkable improvement from Dark Passion Play.  And I hope this review encourages Nightwish fans to at least give this album a chance, regardless of what Nightwish's 'true fans' say.
0452289963|5.0|This is the best Book aside from Sacred Texts that I've had the privilege of reading.  And I've read some really wonderful material.  If you are man or woman enough, read this Book.  It will test your integrity and walk you through discoveries about you and the dynamics we fall prey to, which rob us of our freedom to Be.  And much more.  I would love to discuss this Book with anyone open to it.  [...].  Peace and Good will to all.
0061876747|5.0|that always get to me.  Too many novelists develop one or two and then let the others carry along as stereotypes or composites of characters we already know.  Not so with Boyd who can move a plot along with the best of them, but not many can develop living, breathing, flawed characters.  All with some good all with some bad and all with some in between-kind of like ordinary thunderstorms - depends how you're caught in them.  I have no plans to reveal the plot...but our protagonist is flawed.  One bad guy loves his dog and in his day to day life sounds like most of the conservatives around me.  One female character gives as good as she gets.  Another bad guy who runs a pharmaceutical company isn't like we'd image he should be and his ache for the love of his son is painful to the reader too.  So, this is all to the good.  People might complain about the ending but I liked it.
1440471045|1.0|I compared this copy of Siddhartha to a copy of my own, purchased from a used bookstore. I was so disappointed in the translation of the one I purchased from Amazon. I had planned to give this new copy as a gift, but ended up giving my own.  If you're going to read Siddhartha, the beautiful prose is what makes this novel so rewarding; this copy is so simplistic it's painful to read.
0385528752|5.0|\\"Change.\\"    When that particular word is presented to a bunch of people, there can be a myriad of different reactions, but there's always a reaction.  This book, \\"SWITCH\\", by the Heath brothers, brought change into a whole new light for me.  They were able to take the concept, place it in a pizza box and then cut it up into an easily digestible format.  There is so much in this book that I am excited to share with others, be it in the work world or our family life.  My wife and I are going to go through it together in order to get a better idea of how to affect change in ourselves and our family circle.  Being one who loves a good story, I especially appreciated the story-telling in this book. Stories make it easy to understand what the change-agents were going through and also a good behind-the-scenes look at what they were facing.  Many times during my reading I caught myself wondering if my approach would have been the same.  The part of the book that dealt with finding the bright spots made a lot of sense. Of course we should emphasize the good and not dwell on the bad. That just makes sense! But when I saw it actually played out in the stories in the book, it really hit home.  That little chapter will serve our family for years to come, as well as any businesses we are involved in.  Being a person who loves chaos and new adventures, I have always been perplexed by the opposite reaction when  new opportunities present themselves.  Now, with the help of \\"SWITCH\\" I'm more apt to understand and enter into those thoughts more readily than before.  This is a great book. One I will gift to others and one I expect to read many more times. It's going in the Kindle.    Lenny Monroe
0316666343|3.0|This is a very unusual novel, and for that I admire it. There is, in fact, much to be admired in but there are also too many questions which remain unanswered. Sometimes this is a good thing - the nature of the novel is that life isn't conventional or perfect - but some of the threads were a bit loose.  I loved, for example, the lack of sentimentality from narrator Susie when explaining her own murder. This helped make the novel very poignant, particularly in the first few chapters. The observations of the family dealing (or not dealing) with grief struck a chord and held the book together - this is not a novel to read for the plot, because there really isn't one, although I hear the film does create much more a of a 'murder mystery' style storyline, which puts me off seeing it a little. This is not a novel about revenge or retribution.   Some things just didn't 'click', however. The teenagers in this book - including a girl who was raped and murdered - seem pretty obsessed with sex. This was the early 70s, it seems a nice area; why are Lindsey and Susie so keen to get down to it after everything that happened? Susie seems not at all 'grossed out' by watching family members do intimate things (personally, this is the aspect of the after-life that I am most scared of - I don't want to watch them and I don't want to be watched by any of them!!)  I can cope with the concept that Susie watches from heaven, but I can't cope with her coming down from heaven, taking over someone's body and, of all things, having a bit of how's your father? Hmmmm. Must be all that peeking she did from heaven which wound her up.  Why do we not see more of the characters in heaven? They are introduced, the concept is interesting... but then we don't hear any more about them.  Some of the writing is beautiful and good enough to make you weep. 'As lonely, I thought, on Earth as it is in Heaven.' Really lovely. In fact, the author's spare style and elegant phrasing is the backbone of this novel.I've recommended this novel to loads of people - but had to warn them not to expect a plot.
0547260695|4.0|Purchased after hearing a review on NPR.  The quality is excellent and we are very pleased with it.  It's fairly large in size, but makes a good coffee table book to have out for sharing with company.
1600240682|2.0|What happens after we die? Do we live a peaceful eternity in our own little heaven or do we hear the cry's of pain of the people we leave behind.  14 Year old Suzy Salmon died on the morning of the 6th of December 1973.  She was walking to the school bus at the end of the street when someone called her name. Leaning against the lamp post was Mr Harvey her mysterious next door neighbour.   Suzy thought that very strange to see Mr Harvey out walking.  Come with me he said I'll give you a ride to school.  Mr Harvey drove in silence to a motel on the outskirts of Philadelphia.  He led Suzy to a bedroom then he locked the door, shut the windows and drew the curtains.  Take off your clothes Suzy said Mr Harvey, I want to see if you're still a virgin?  Within the next twenty-four hours 14 year old Suzy Salmon would be dead, with no idea of what waited for her in her own little heaven.     The Salmons lived in a suburban neighbourhood in Philadelphia.  At 6:00 that evening the family all sat down at the dinner table.  Jack Salmon, father, business man and accountant.   Abigail Salmon, mother and a housewife.  Lindsey Salmon, 13 years old sports fanatic and popular with all the boys.  Buckley Salmon two years old loves to eat pork chops and American hot dogs.  Suzy Salmon ,14 years old daughter who had not come home.     Half way thought their first course the phone rang. It was Suzy's school principal  asking that Mr and Mrs Salmon come to the school to meet a homicide detective named Lyn Federmen.    Mr and Mrs Salmon, I'm sorry to inform you that your missing daughter Suzy is presumed dead.   Suzy opens her eyes, a moment later she becomes aware that she is laying on a circular block of wood.   Suzy sat up, less than 24 hours ago she had been assaulted, bruised, left naked and covered in blood.   Now she was clothed clean and whole.  I must be in heaven she thought.       Time past or so it seemed, Suzy grew no older nor younger.   Things were changing. Lyn Federmen had taken stress leave.  Abigail had hit rock bottom.  She had fallen victim to the poisons of drink and lust.  During the day she would consume six bottles of cooking sherry  At night she would sleep with any man she could.   Lindsey was no longer sporty and very unpopular.  Since the death of her older sister she had suffered a major health crisis.   She had become bulimic, prone to wetting her pants and had recurring nightmares about Mr Harvey.    Jack quit his job; he now spent most of his time in grief and solitude.      Unfortunately things were no better in heaven than they were on earth.  Suzy's constant feeling of hatred towards. Mr Harvey rose inside her like the roth of hells flames.           What happens after we die? Do we live a peaceful eternity in our own little heaven or do we hear the cry's of pain of the people we leave behind.  14 Year old Suzy Salmon died on the morning of the 6th of December 1973.  She was walking to the school bus at the end of the street when someone called her name. Leaning against the lampost was Mr Harvey her mysterious next door neighbour.   Suzy thought that very strange to see Mr Harvey out walking.  Come with me he said I'll give you a ride to school.  Mr Harvey drove in silence to a motel on the outskirts of Philadelphia.  He led Suzy to a bedroom then he locked the door, shut the windows and drew the curtains.  Take off your clothes Suzy said Mr Harvey, I want to see if you're still a virgin?  Within the next twenty-four hours 14 year old Suzy Salmon would be dead, with no idea of what waited for her in her own little heaven.     The Salmons lived in a suburban neighbourhood in Philadelphia.  At 6:00 that evening the family all sat down at the dinner table.  Jack Salmon, father, business man and accountant.   Abigail Salmon, mother and a housewife.  Lindsey Salmon, 13 years old sports fanatic and popular with all the boys.  Buckley Salmon two years old loves to eat pork chops and American hot dogs.  Suzy Salmon ,14 yearsold daughter who had not come home.     Half way thought their first course the phone rang. It was Suzy's school principal  asking that Mr and Mrs Salmon come to the school to meet a homicide detective named Lyn Federmen.    Mr and Mrs Salmon, I'm sorry to inform you that your missing daughter Suzy is presumed dead.   Suzy opens her eyes, a moment later she becomes aware that she is laying on a circular block of wood.   Suzy sat up, less than 24 hours ago she had been assaulted, bruised, left naked and covered in blood.   Now she was clothed clean and whole.  I must be in heaven she thought.       Time past or so it seemed, Suzy grew no older nor younger.   Things were changing. Lyn Federmen had taken stress leave.  Abigail had hit rock bottom.  She had fallen victim to the poisons of drink and lust.  During the day she would consume six bottles of cooking sherry  At night she would sleep with any man she could.   Lindsey was no longer sporty and very unpopular.  Since the death of her older sister she had suffered a major health crisis.   She had become bulimic, prone to wetting her pants and had recurring nightmares about Mr Harvey.    Jack quit his job; he now spent most of his time in grief and solitude.      Unfortunately things were no better in heaven than they were on earth.  Suzy's constant feeling of hatred towards. Mr Harvey rose inside her like the roth of hells flames.  She knew that she would have to take matters in to her own hands.  I'm not going to tell you how this story ends.  You will just have wait and see.   Written by Steven Dart
B001PO53IO|5.0|Even though I cannot follow the series through Cartoon network or recording them weekly, I awaited patiently for this release. It has all you want from a Lucas product for us, fans, geeks, gungans or whatever names you call us. I'm very satisfied for having the full season with lots of valuable extras.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|There are people who say Fringe is similar to X-Files, and though that might be true, it has it's own unique spin. I didn't even know what Fringe was or about until sometime last year when someone got me into it. Great show, even better on Blue-Ray!
B001HZ9ABM|5.0|Simply want to say Robin's performance of the title track Odessa is stunning!!!! His megaphone munchkin sound is at the top of his game, worth every cent. A great package.
044654146X|1.0|I can understand, going over the top to write about your own country (mission-critical teams, companies live and die by israeli teams (yeah right!!)). But at the same time, bashing other countries such as china and India, telling how they are the back offices and just menial work being done there, is something i really do not approve of. India and china has very highly rated universities and it's students among the world's best. There are some revolutionary inventions done. Microsoft has may times said how Indian IIT students are the critical group resposible for MSFT's success. There's Vinod Dham who invented intel pentium, vinod khosla, shabber bhatia(invented the present e-mail system), so on and so forth.    I know you guys wouldn't mention any of other countries but atleast don't show other countries in a low light just to show your greatness, it looks so cheap and i've lost all respect for you guys. Every country has it's own greatness and I'm sure, India and China are much better in comparision.
B001NLKT60|5.0|a great novel with depth and original characers.  i was sorry when it ended.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|If you are a fan and have wondered when she was making a CD, you'll be happy to hear her voice. I would not say I like every track but I like her. And at 50, she still sounds and look amazing!
B002NPUCP8|5.0|Wonderful artist and fabulous CD.  She has a beautiful voice but really love her guitar playing!
B000SMWUPS|3.0|I bought this for my Maclaren Techno Stroller and at first I loved it. BUT if you forget to take it off before folding the stroller it gets bent horribly and its hard to flatten back out. THEN one of the straps came off after only 3 weeks of use. I sewed it back on, but it was hard to go throught the thick material. Over all I would not buy this item again. I have a Munkin Cup holder that I use for my Camelbak water bottle now.  I wish it worked better, its a great idea
142313494X|5.0|I saw the movie three days ago and loved it so i thought the book must be OK. It was soo great! It was scary but not bad. It would be best for 10 and up. The movie sees the characters as old and in love and killing people left and right-- well that's got nothing to do with the book.The book consists of mainly 12-16 year old characters and uncomplicated plot lines. Over all really good book it reminds me of a more light-reading funny version of harry potter or lord of the rings. If you haven't already read it (your library is probably all checked out because of the movie.) buy it and read it all in 3 hours like i did. It's that good. :)
B0026ICMOG|5.0|It was a nice gift that my neice seems to like. However, she is 3 right now and she might be too young to appreciate the gift. Maybe best to buy this for a 5 year old.
0553381687|4.0|A good, but long read. This is a complex fantasy with many characters and is the first in a series in what looks to be a long and complicated history.  Each chapter is told from a different character's perspective and I was grateful for the summary of characters in the back as there are many. However, it did not take long to get them straight. This style is intriguing as you are kept in suspense until the next appearance of the character to find out what is going on in one of the many plots/subplots. The Stark family is quite interesting and I look forward to seeing what role the direwolf pups will take. The author has created a unique world and he is not afraid to kill off characters when necessary. This book has lots of action and intrigue. It took me a while to get into and a while to read (835 pages!) and the next one looks just as long. However, it is worth working through and I look forward to delving into the next book to see how this world develops.
0061914177|5.0|I cannot believe how much effort some people have put into neg'in this book, without even bothering to read it! Good grief, get a life! I just finished it...took a $14 chance that I might just get \\"something\\" out of it, like I do everything else I can get my hands on to learn. And I'm so happy I did! Great job Gary! I made notes all over it...things to check out online, ideas for how to incorporate some of your suggestions into my real estate business...etc. There's some tech info that \\"fills in some of the blanks\\", many \\"ah ha\\" moments and great inspirational stuff...much of which I already knew but sometimes you just need to hear it from someone who's already where you want to be...makes more sense. I would recommend it to anyone who's trying to live their dream and who is open minded enough to grasp where the internet is taking us and our businesses. I have recommended it all over my social networks...to other realtors, friends & business associates! Hope it helps the effort! ; )
1416955070|2.0|Fifteen year-old Clary Fray is in a New York club when she sees what looks like an assault in process. Following the assailants who somehow can't be seen by anyone else, she stumbles into a fight between teens who call themselves Shadowhunters, and a being they call a demon but which is actually an invader from a dying dimension. Although Clary insists she's perfectly ordinary, the Shadowhunters claim no ordinary human could see them.<br /><br />When her mother is kidnapped the next day, Clary goes on the run with her new friends, after killing a demon herself.<br /><br />With no adult Shadowhunters around, Clary and three other teens, along with Simon, the boy who has a crush on Clary although she manages not to notice, decide to rescue Clary's mother. They decide that doing so requires them to find the missing Mortal Cup. But along they way, they uncover clues to Clary's real identity. Her mother had been a Shadowhunter who left the organization behind. Can Clary trust them if her mother couldn't?<br /><br />Finding the Cup takes the teens from a mage party to a vampire den and finally into conflict with a man long thought dead...one who is attempting to create a genocide among the magical inhabitants of Earth.<br /><br />CITY OF BONES is targeted at young adults and we have to cut some slack for the improbable situation where a handful of teens are single-handedly responsible for saving the world. Still, it's hard to believe that nobody would have called in adult Shadowhunters. Then there's the matter of the Cup. This serves as a huge mcguffin. There's nothing in the story that really requires them to find the cup, they never really develop a plan for what they'll do with it (Clary fantasizes about exchanging it for her mother but would she really give the evil Valentine that much power? At any rate, she never follows through with this plan). And the romance and teen angst seems a bit incongruent when we've got the world to save.<br /><br />Author Cassandra Clare starts well, creates an intriguing world that's got elements of Harry Potter and Star Wars but with a female lead, and sets the stage for a continuing series by introducing a whole series of missing magical objects that simply have to be recovered. Protagonist Clary is convincingly teen, self-absorbed in her own problems, oblivious to the feelings of those around her, and unquestioning of basic principles (how, exactly, for example, are the demons supposed to be stealing Earth's light and how do the minor activities of the Shadowhunters thwart that?). I suspect she'll appeal most to teen girl readers who are at similar spots in their life (perhaps I'm just not the target market).<br /><br />I found CITY OF BONES to be readable, with moments of great fun (I liked the vampire motorcycles), but I had a hard time caring whether Clary ever recognized Simon's love, learned to do runes, and certainly failed in my attempts to maintain a suspension of disbelief.d that's got elements of Harry Potter and Star Wars but with a female lead, and sets the stage for a continuing series by introducing a whole series of missing magical objects that simply have to be recovered. Protagonist Clary is convincingly teen, self-absorbed in her own problems, oblivious to the feelings of those around her, and unquestioning of basic principles (how, exactly, for example, are the demons supposed to be stealing Earth's light and how do the minor activities of the Shadowhunters thwart that?). I suspect she'll appeal most to teen girl readers who are at similar spots in their life (perhaps I'm just not the target market).    I found CITY OF BONES to be readable, with moments of great fun (I liked the vampire motorcycles), but I had a hard time caring whether Clary ever recognized Simon's love, learned to do runes, and certainly failed in my attempts to maintain a suspension of disbelief.
0385340990|5.0|The book is very good.  It's a relaxing read when you just want to escape.
0307454541|3.0|Read through the reviews and you come up with the following:<br />- Interesting and inventive story<br />- Too complicated and too long<br />- Uneven character development<br />- A very good middle third of the book with a slowish start and an unsatisfying ending<br /><br />So...Get the abridged version of the book and skim through or avoid the final CD.  The reader also does a couple of different voices with a range of believable accents.  It also solves the \\"how the heck do I pronounce that Swedish name!!\\" problem.<br /><br />Book on CD - recommended<br />Book itself - uh, isn't American Idol on tonight...
1400052173|5.0|This is a terrific account of dedicated scientists with mis-guided intentions and the impact of their actions on a family.  Rebecca Skloot really did her research for this book.  It also helps us understand why we need to carefully approach advancement in research in the name of discovery and cure.  The Lacks Family are remarkable people.  They lived with the burden of not understanding what happened to their mother, why it happened, and suffered their entire lives without her.  Ms. Skloot has enabled them to redirect their anger toward a positive, proud recognition of Henrietta Lacks.
B001HN6EF4|4.0|If you are working with children in an office or in schools, I HIGHLY suggest spending the few extra dollars on this product over the paper cards. If you spread the cards out, you can spray them with lysol or wipe them down. Just one more way to stop germs from spreading!
0525244581|1.0|While I'll concede that this book gives a nifty introduction to the tenets of Taoism by means of the extended Pooh analogy, the manner in which the author achieves this is downright dogmatic. You can't read a full page without him openly denouncing other belief systems, and his overly contemptuous attitude towards intellectualism is alarming. He portrays anybody who values the beauty of complexity or academics as a close-minded, arrogant bookworm, and grossly misrepresents the followers of various religions/faiths. Hoff definitely borders on the fanatical here, using far-reaching comparisons to make his offensive points, many of which don't even align with the true characteristics of Taoism. Jumping to conclusions and articulating uneducated descriptions regarding many aspects of contemporary culture and scholarship, I'm certain that Hoff has Lao Tzu turning over in his grave at his downright hateful quasi-environmentalist commentary. Don't waste your time with this book.
0792839676|5.0|I've had this movie, for years on VHS, but I needed it on dvd. So glad you had it. Fast delivery, too! Kudos!!!
B000V86OKG|4.0|4.3 stars<br /><br />I found Dexter's second season much less compelling than the first, mainly due to the insertion of some soap-operaish relationship plots, and much less of the Dexter voiceovers and ideas that made the first season so amazing.<br /><br />Lila is a good character and was a highlight; I'd rather have seen Dexter stay with her, as Rita just becomes too schizy and annoying after a while here, and her mother grates so hard that it was almost no fun to watch her (but a pleasure to see her go!). I kept longing for more of Dexter's thoughts and perspective, and less side stories from the other characters. To me everything here that isn't Dexter is pretty much standard cop show melodrama, and those actors just don't grab me at all compared to Hall.<br /><br />But Hall remains so good that he makes this very worth watching. He is so inside this character it's almost eerie; in fact it is, which is why this works. I'd be quite happy to watch nothing but Hall, all show every show. The guy is a master at work here, and it's his genius that makes this show happen. The other actors have their moments, but none ever come close to reaching Hall's (constant) heights.<br /><br />Of the whole season, epsiode 3 stands out due to the exceptional writing of Melissa Rosenberg. \\"An Inconvenient Lie\\" features some of the very best dialogue and interior monologues in any season of this show; the opening scenes are supremely sharp and intelligent. I don't know if this show is written by committee or singly by episode, but if this is mainly the work of Melissa, then well done, ma'am. It's easily the highlight of this season, and one of the best shows in the entire series.<br /><br />There are some very poor plot choices in season two, though {spoilers}: no way does hyper-careful Dexter tell Rita the truth about his framing her boyfriend, no way. It involves her in it and breaks his almighty code. Ditto for leaving Doakes alone in that flimsy cage; the guy's gonna get out, period. And methodical uncaught Dexter leaves his murder hideout cabin location on his GPS? Come on. Lazy plotting like that just to make other events easier to assimilate is weak writing, something that season one was free of.<br /><br />But Hall remains the towering presence in season two.<br />It's a treat to watch him make Dexter come to life, and death, so believably.es his murder hideout cabin location on his GPS? Come on. Lazy plotting like that just to make other events easier to assimilate is weak writing, something that season one was free of.    But Hall remains the towering presence in season two.   It's a treat to watch him make Dexter come to life, and death, so believably.
B000EF5NAS|5.0|Thanks for the fast shipment. I love this movie, but didn't have it on dvd. I'm so glad you had it!
0385528752|5.0|Have you ever made a New Year's Resolution to lose weight, exercise more, kick a bad habit, etc.; and then the next week slipped back into the same old routine?  There is a reason that people, organizations, and societies many times fall into this trap of trying to make a big change; and shortly thereafter fall back into the same old rut.  Can't we just change by trying harder?  According to Chip and Dan Heath, the authors of \\"Switch: How to Change Things When Change Is Hard\\", trying harder will never result in lasting change.  All that it will do is tire the \\"Rider.\\"    The authors explain that when we try to change, we have to use both the logical (the Rider) and the emotional (the Elephant) parts of our brain.  The Rider is the part of us that decides to lose weight, but (as Chip and Dan illustrate) the Elephant is that part of us that goes hunting for the Cheetos in the pantry late at night.  The Elephant will always take the easiest and most familiar course, whereas the Rider tries to take the most logical course.  The Rider (our self-control or will power) will only allow us to re-route the Elephant for a short while before tiring.  In order to make an effective \\"Switch\\" we must appeal to emotion (the Elephant).  However, when the Elephant encounters an obstacle he will try to revert to the comfortable way of doing things    Change is hard; however, since reading \\"Switch\\", I now understand the psychology behind effective change.  I've read lots of self-improvement books, books on success, goal-setting, and the like; but I've never read another one that brings the hope of effecting change down to such an individual level!  You MUST read this book!  It WILL change the way that you think!  Thanks SO much to Chip and Dan Heath for an excellent job.  \\"Switch\\" is definitely in my top ten list of books!
B0001XPY1G|5.0|Great CD. I listen to it all the time in my car. I am glad I got it
1591843162|5.0|Linchpin - Are You Indespensable?    I'm a huge Seth Godin fan, and think he'll eventually be seen as one of the most important thinkers/writers in the digital age, right up there with the likes of Tom Peters and Peter Drucker.   I've read almost all of his books, and I think his latest Linchpin is his best ever, and is probably the best book I've read in years.    It's not just about how to succeed at work and what to do, it's about how to live a life and how to be.   it's about the choice that everyone has about whether to lead, follow, or get out of the way.   He explains how the factory system of the industrial age and the school system invented to support it helped create a nation of obedient followers, and today how a person with an idea has the \\"means of production\\" in their laptop.   He explains how the world has changed and today it's possible for your job to be your platform in which you practice your \\"art\\" and how to shake the fear and overcome \\"the resistance.\\"  He gets into the reason people connect through \\"gifts,\\" and honestly talks about what to do when things don't work out as planned as well as when they do.    He definitely walks the talk - he innovated with early readers and raised $100K for the Acumen Fund in the process, his book launch was an exciting live event in New York, and he's created a social media book tour.   So it's no surprise that as I write this a week after the launch, Linchpin hit the New York Times best seller list and was the number 37 best selling book on Amazon.  Go get a copy.
0786868724|5.0|If you are not a fan of Mitch Alboum books, you need to be. Everyone needs to read this book.  Our society makes to many quick judgements on someone with out knowing the back story of someones life.
B002NXSRVG|5.0|COMEDY..... HILLARIOUS..... Marlon Wayans best work since Don't be a Menace......Acting... excellent.... oscar worthy performances.... really... watch it....<br />The action scene in Paris was cool.  Denis Quaid hasn't been in a good movie since.. oh yeah Pandorum. Before that though?
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I have always been a fan of Michael Jackson. I loved this show. I am so glad they taped this before he passed away. He was an amazing talent. Even my grand children liked the show.
B002A9OJ0Q|5.0|I have every A-ha cd and I have to say, this is the best album they've put out since Scoundrel Days. Which leads me to my next thought, isn't it almost cruel that they're breaking up when they just released one of their best albums?<br />I loved Hunting High and Low and Scoundrel Days even more. After those 2, I've thought of their albums as about 3-5 good songs and then the rest filler. Sure you can take a few fantastic songs from each release but overall they've been pretty spotty for a long time now.<br />I wasn't expecting anything different when I started listening to their latest release but I was pleasantly surprised. Every single song on this album is fantastic. I haven't stopped listening to it for over a week now and the songs keep getting better. I can't even begin to pick a favorite since they're all so good.<br />Well A-ha, I'll be sad to see you go, but you certainly left us on a high note.
0920668364|5.0|I tear up every time I read this book, it is just precious. A definite must have for any new mom with a baby boy.
817224164X|3.0|While reading this book is not enjoyable, it has given me a great deal of insight into the mind of a madman.  I have always thought that people made a couple of wrong turns in their youth, but Hitler started in his childhood.  From the time he entered primary school to his days in WWI, the man was not right in the head.  His views about his aryan race were based on mythology, not any scientific fact.  His early influences were men that dabbled in the occult.<br /><br />The frightening thing about Hitler is that he was not the only one of his kind.  There are so many people, nowadays, that are steeped in mythological traditions that they perceive to be real.  For example, vampires.  This used to be a frightening bedtime story, but it has evolved to the point that we see people that actually believe that they ARE vampires.  There are radical religious zealots that believe that their way is the ONLY way; that God will allow them to destroy all but their adherents.  Radical Muslims call us fascist, and yet, if we look at their mistaken ideas, we see that they are the 21st century equivalent to the National Socialists of the 1920's through 1940's.<br /><br />We could go on and on about people that have been deluded into believing in mythological stories.  The bottom-line is that it could conceivibly happen again.  In fact, mini-holocausts happen on a constant basis.  Darfur, Somalia, Bosnia, and the list goes on.  One valuable result of reading this book is being aware of the mental condition, and the mind-set of potential Hitlers, or Stalins.  This is the only value of a book like Mein Kampf.
0307266303|5.0|If you run this will be a fun read.  If you don't you will still enjoy it.
1416955070|3.0|I bought the book and had a very hard time putting it down. It was a bit hard to follow at times, but still very interesting. My only problem was the ending, the big surprise everyone finds out. If you've read it, you'll know what I mean about that ending. Due to this, I've had a hard time finding a reason to read the next, but the series seems to be taking off. Maybe I need to read it over again, and get the next book.
0425221806|5.0|If you never read a book in your life, if you don't really like reading, then this book should be the exception! It not only keeps your eyes \\"glued to the pages\\" your heart and soul and feelings with the hero(s), but it leaves you with a feeling of Hope and Wonder, get it, READ it, you'll not be sorry...
B002QH2NUA|5.0|I went to the actual concert and this product captures the performance with great detail and has great new live versions of all your favorite songs. A must buy for any beatles fan.
0030565812|5.0|This is exactly what I wanted.  I am enjoying it very much.  Fast turnaround.  Thanks so much.
0307269981|5.0|I bought the \\"dragon\\" out of sheer impulse buy.  I had no idea about Steig Larsson.  After finishing \\"dragon\\", I waited for few days to go to bookshop.  To my chagrin, I couldn't find \\"The Fire\\" in the first two bookshops I went.  But third one was a victory.<br /><br />The book is extremely well written.  The characters are deep. And most importantly, you have no idea how it will end.  Salander is definitely a unique character.  She is an antisocial character who have received more than fair share of extraordinary circumstances in her life.  What I find extremely pleasing is that the book does not only revolve around Salander.  All characters be it Mikael, be it inspector Bublanski, be it Erika are equally interesting.  And the whole makes up the book.<br /><br />I finished the \\"Fire\\" on the plane.  And when I landed, before I got home, I went to bookshop to buy the third one.  Hornet is equally interesting.  Yet my preference lies with Fire.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I echo the sentiments of others.  Great Show with great scripting and insight.  An anime where you get to actually use your brain, as you had to pay attention to what both Daria and Jane were saying, thinking, etc.!  Bravo! (and about time!)<br /><br />I've waited for years to get the official DVD, as I refused to spend my hard-earned cash on knock-off!<br /><br />Literally,a dream come true!<br /><br />Five stars!
B0017KIBAI|4.0|This controller is a legit nintendo product imported from Japan.  It is well constructed, but a little different than the original GC controllers, which are no longer made.  The sticks feel different.
0156012197|5.0|\\"The Little Prince\\"  by: Antoine De Saint        In this amazing \\"child like\\" book Antoine De Saint brings forth - in many exciting and brain twisting ways to understand adults and the nature of people living on earth.  It is easy to read and get through, but harder to understand and interpret.  Antoine De Saint challenges the reader to make his/her understanding of his different characters and what they represent.  Although he refers to the business man on a different planet, he seems a lot like the ones on ours. When the business man says he owns the stars, one could interpret that as sad and almost a mockery of the men in our world today.  However, someone else might take this in a whole different way. That's the main reason I loved this book, the reader can interpret it as they like but the moral lesson in the end is always the same. A quote that an Amazon reader posted that talked about the message was, \\" The moral is that we cannot truly understand unless we search for meaning ourselves.  Someone else can tell us about it, but we need to experience it in order to know what it means.\\"  I really agree with what this reader said was the moral of the story.I (as a reader) feel like this book will only get better and more interesting as I get older, because when a person is older they would have a better knowledge of the themes of the book. The author portrays the Little Prince as a young boy who has more insight about love, simple pleasures, and common sense than the adults he meets on his journey.  Instead of giving overkill explanations, Antoine De Saint leaves main ideas for the readers to decide what it means for themselves.  Overall I recommend this book to anyone. It was a great read and a story I will never forget.
0307473473|4.0|When I first started this book, I wasn't sure if I would like it.  It took a little to get into, but it was highly recommended so I stayed with it.  I'm so glad I did as it turned out to be a wonderful story.  Actually, it was like two stories, but well put together.  The characters were interesting, different than your usual characters and it was very well written.  I'm looking forward to his other two books and would definitely recommend this one.
0385528752|5.0|When I launched into Switch, I could hardly put it down.  The ideas and thoughts expressed in many ways were so simple and yet had profound impact on me in the way I view change, recoginizing the issue at hand that needs change, how I / others process the thoughts and action plan on implementing change, and the way that change is apart of every aspect of life.  The book held my attention for the most part, though there were a few spots I felt it seemed to get bogged down in trying to make a point.<br /><br />The initial concept (that really was the punch line of the book) is the concept of The Rider and The Elephant and how it takes both of these emotional and rational aspects to be able to change behavior because knowledge alone does not.  For behavior to change you have to influence not only the/their environment but the/their heart and mind.  To do this, you can cajole, influence, inspire and motivate.  The situation must change for change to happen.  It's an attempt to change the culture, the linchpin of successful organizational change  You must find bright spots; \\"successful efforts worth emulating\\" and be savvy at reinforcing these behaviors.  This illuminates the road map for action and sparks hope that change is possible.  This creates a destination postcard - a vivid picture from the near-term that shows what hard work can make possible.  Ask whats working not whats wrong.  Clarity dissolves resistance.  Decision paralysis disrupts decisions and affects you; you become overloaded and choice no longer liberates, it debilitates.  Change brings uncertainty and is a process.  Any successful change requires a translation of ambiguous goals into concrete behaviors which means you have to \\"script the critcal moves\\".  Progress is precious.  It takes patience, focus and reinforcement every step of the journey.  Small successes can be extremely powerful in helping people believe in themselves.  Big changes can start with very small steps, which tend to snowball.  All this is stregthened with practice and an inspiration to endure to make the necessary change.  Motivation will be your hardest struggle as you try to make the switch.  Change follows a pattern, embrace it!<br /><br />I tried to put myself in each story and realized that I acted as The Rider and The Elephant differently depending on the circumstances.  I found this an eye opener and a learning tool for me.  I want to spend more time studing The Rider and The Elephant attributes and how they affect each other so that as I focus on change I know what needs cultivating and tweaking so that I have a clearer Path.  I also thought the simple point of checklists was a great concept for building consistent habits.  As the book states: A scholar is someone who lives to learn and is good at it.is stregthened with practice and an inspiration to endure to make the necessary change.  Motivation will be your hardest struggle as you try to make the switch.  Change follows a pattern, embrace it!    I tried to put myself in each story and realized that I acted as The Rider and The Elephant differently depending on the circumstances.  I found this an eye opener and a learning tool for me.  I want to spend more time studing The Rider and The Elephant attributes and how they affect each other so that as I focus on change I know what needs cultivating and tweaking so that I have a clearer Path.  I also thought the simple point of checklists was a great concept for building consistent habits.  As the book states: A scholar is someone who lives to learn and is good at it.
B0000AM6IY|5.0|I remember as a kid living in New York in the 70's waiting anxiously for the day they were going to show WSS on TV. Back then there weren't a lot of hispanics on TV and you took what you could get. Yes Maria and 'Nardo weren't played by actual \\"puertoriquens\\" , so what? It's actually the story that counts. Does every actor and actress that play Romeo and Juliet have to be Italian? In short,no.  The sets and dance numbers are incredible.   Get your kids into classic films, my 7 y/o loved it, yes there are fights and knives but believe me it's all done in a very tasteful way.  Favorite part: When everyone is singing about what's going to go down that night, each with very different ideas, breaks your heart when you know what's actually going to happen.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|i loved the book i was hooked by the first what word! it was great. i would rate it five millon stars i got hooked on twilight saga then the book called once bitten then on this 1! i would recomend the book to any one who likes the twilight saga or vampire books.  or any one who is looking for a good read.
B002ZIAC26|4.0|First of all let me say that I love this record. Lush, melodic, dynamic, interesting... It flows perfectly from beginning to end and begs to be played over and over. Songs like \\"Norway\\" and \\"Walk in the Park\\" will stick in your head for days. I've been recommending this album to friends for weeks, even before it came out. Having said that... what were they thinking with the DVD? It's such a cobbled together mash of dissonant visual styles and poor, cheap, unworthy imagery... I mean, it is BAD. Do yourself a favor and enjoy the music without the visual accompaniment.
B00005LC1H|5.0|You like Monty Python you'll love this.  Short and sweet, only a single season.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|This was a fun film covering a lot of people whose lives intertwined. I was sorry that alan rickman did not have a bigger part. I was glad that he wasn't \\"on the make\\" in the beginning of this film and that he did regret what he did. Hugh Grant's part was very good though his girlfriend's expletives were not needed. There were a lot of good bits in this film - too many to listn this review.  It is a good movie to watch to see many different kinds of love.
B002O5M4SA|5.0|One of my all time favorite movies. I'm glad I finally got it on blu ray at this price.
B001UUY3A2|5.0|Great product, fast delivery, and I would be happy to do business again with this company. Thank you!
B0002VYQ2U|5.0|Feels Like Home is by far and away Norah Jones best album to date. The songs are great, as is the musicianship. This extended edition is great, and the bonus DVD has some good stuff on it. Her interview is very interesting, although I think was around the time of the 1st CD.    Thoroughly recommended!
B000Z27HLS|4.0|Do novels have an innate morality, and is it possible to OD on them? Northanger Abbey is Jane Austen's opportunity to wax eloquent in defense of fiction in general while taking a few not-so-subtle stabs at the melodramatic novels that gave fiction its reputation at the time. Considering the awesome content of the book, I've always been amazed by its relative obscurity and the impression most people inexplicably have that it is a dull story. The writing is hilarious, the characters intriguing, and the storyline a highly entertaining parody that still manages to contain more than a grain of truth. This from a kid who had a hard time making it through the Jane Austen monster masterpieces Pride & Prejudice and Sense & Sensibility. I always thought that Northanger Abbey would make a great movie, but when people kept telling me they fell asleep watching the older version, I somehow never got around to watching it. I'm not sure why it took me so long to see the 2007 version, but of course now it has been so many years since I read the book that I really don't know how faithfully I remember the intricacies of the story. I seem to recall a few differences of character, and a little less.... er... raciness in the original novel, but otherwise I the movie matched my memory fairly well, being almost as melodramatic and painful and delightful.      The story follows Catherine Morland, a daydreaming young woman who, we are informed on the first page, comes from far too stable and loving a home to really be supposed a heroine. Felicity Jones does a marvelous job portraying a character of whom Austen says \\"her heart was affectionate, her disposition cheerful and open, without conceit or affectation of any kind--her manners just removed from the awkwardness and shyness of a girl; her person pleasing, and, when in good looks, pretty--and her mind about as ignorant and uninformed as the female mind at seventeen usually is.\\"        Unsurprisingly, sweet and simple Catherine is swept from her happy home into the path of societal convention and conniving through her friendships with the flirtatious Isabella and the kindhearted Eleanor as well as the attentions of each girl's brother, two gentlemen who are respectively, one might say, too oblivious and too self-aware to be traditional heroes.  Eager to discover that life imitates art, Catherine imagines a romantically dreadful gothic horror backstory for Northanger Abbey, the home of her friends Henry and Eleanor. Her search uncovers some unpleasant truths that threaten to cause irreparable damage...      But being a Jane Austen novel, lessons are learned, the requisite scandals occur at a tidy distance, and love is ultimately triumphant for our unconventional hero and heroine. And Northanger Abbey is both a refreshing change from and a complementary member of the Jane Austen gold standard.
B002T921DE|5.0|As a child of the 80's, George Michael was a staple on the radio. This concert brought back memories of my teens, and I couldn't help but get up and dance to hits like Everything She Wants and Too Funky. GM doesn't disappoint fans looking for his old hits. He gives you want you want! And the guy still looks good...
B000EWDJ3O|4.0|Think tank mentality requires that the members perceive hypothetical issues and respond in rational thought with complex or simple answers which deliver valid concepts; analogously, science fiction writers ask themselves about what of today's man would evolve to the person of the future - and what will be of concern and value in the future created from the strengths and weaknesses of today.<br /><br />Philip Dick's novel looks to life on earth after WW Terminus  - from which millions die and radioactive dust overcasts the world to an extent where vegetation, animal life, and other taken-for-granted God's gifts are gone. Some people's minds are harmed by the worldly holocaust - and those people are called \\"special.\\" In short, the future life is no longer good for humans.  Many jump off to space to live exiled in colonies on Mars.  And, to make life better on Mars, man creates androids to function as slaves.  And, like human slaves, the androids dislike their existence, and eventually revolt.<br /><br />In fact, life on Mars is so droll that even androids cannot stand it.  And, that is the plot of the book.  Bored to death - something which droids will encounter in their short life of approximately 4 years - a group seeks to escape the confines of Mars for life on earth - where food and animal scarcity have no effect upon them as they relish neither.<br /><br />Even though earthlings have crushed each others skulls for millions of deaths, almost anihilated all life on earth with radioactive dust, and forced anyone of means to escape to Mars for a life of any semblance to what we enjoy - man is much more empathic than the androids.  Hard to believe.<br /><br />Although the androids of this book look, feel, and seem real in many aspects, they lack one major asset of humanity - they have no empathy.  They could care less if animals live or die, in fact in one scene the android shows no concern that baby skin was used to make protagonist Rick Deckard's briefcase.  When testing androids, it is not a prick of the skin, or a knock on the skull for sounds that will reveal that they are not human.  Instead, it is their failure to pass the Voight-Kampff test: a polygraph like machine that  measures bodily functions such as respiration, \\"blush response\\", heart rate and eye movement in response to emotionally provocative questions.<br /><br />When the renegade group comes to America after killing a colonist for escape and his ship, Rick Deckard is hired to kill them as a bounty hunter - something he can handle as the government pays him $1,000 per head of the killed androids. First, he must administer the Voight-Kampff test, and if they fail he can laser them immediately. This is not murder, as robots have no life.<br /><br />These visions of the future are great.  His issue of God-like Mercer and manifesting this spiritualist's  peace on earth message through a has-been actor's portrayal is marvelous. People reach this creative god through an empathy box - another marvelous science fiction device. And, good old-fashioned television for the future remains the boob tube- with some characteristics akin to Orwell's [[ASIN:0451524934 1984 ]].<br /><br />But, even Dick cannot bat 1.000 in the big leagues of science fiction.  In Dick's 1968 vision of the future, many things are interestingly not seen.  Cell phones do not exist. And the phones, although with vision apparati, are \\"dialed.\\" Russia is the evil power. And, more remnants of the 1960's - so much so that young readers may ask: \\"What does dial up someone mean?\\"ick of the skin, or a knock on the skull for sounds that will reveal that they are not human.  Instead, it is their failure to pass the Voight-Kampff test: a polygraph like machine that  measures bodily functions such as respiration, \\"blush response\\", heart rate and eye movement in response to emotionally provocative questions.    When the renegade group comes to America after killing a colonist for escape and his ship, Rick Deckard is hired to kill them as a bounty hunter - something he can handle as the government pays him $1,000 per head of the killed androids. First, he must administer the Voight-Kampff test, and if they fail he can laser them immediately. This is not murder, as robots have no life.    These visions of the future are great.  His issue of God-like Mercer and manifesting this spiritualist's  peace on earth message through a has-been actor's portrayal is marvelous. People reach this creative god through an empathy box - another marvelous science fiction device. And, good old-fashioned television for the future remains the boob tube- with some characteristics akin to Orwell's [[ASIN:0451524934 1984 ]].        But, even Dick cannot bat 1.000 in the big leagues of science fiction.  In Dick's 1968 vision of the future, many things are interestingly not seen.  Cell phones do not exist. And the phones, although with vision apparati, are \\"dialed.\\" Russia is the evil power. And, more remnants of the 1960's - so much so that young readers may ask: \\"What does dial up someone mean?\\"
1591843162|4.0|If you like Seth Godin you will like this latest offering in a long line of books that express his unique and interesting view of what makes us tick as individuals and as groups.I couldn't wait to get the book and was not disappointed.In his own unique style of short examples he tells us how to be artists; how to escape the stereotypical existence so common today.The only thing keeping us from being an artist is the resistence of the loud voice in our lizard brain telling us we can't do it. We can change everything if we just choose to. The act of deciding is the the act of succeeding. Lots of good stuff.
B002XTBE6K|4.0|I didn't buy this, but I watched it on PBS Masterpiece Classics. It was really good. There was character development, you really get to know what's going on in the story.
B000JJSJR8|5.0|one word WOW! if you haven't watched this movie yet, what are you waiting for... If your into Soprano type related movies this is a must have! Pesci and DeNiro need I say more?
B000OPOAM0|1.0|WARNING-RIPOFF, WARNING-RIPOFF!!! IN 2001 MGM RELEASED A BARE BONES TERMINATOR DVD WHICH CAME IN A CRAPPY LOOKING CASE. THIS DVD RELEASE IS ALSO FROM MGM. WHAT MGM DID IS THEY TOOK THEIR 2001 TERMINATOR DVD CASE AND HOT GLUED A THIN TERMINATOR HOLOGRAM TO THE FRONT OF IT!!!! WHAT YOU GET IS THE EXACT SAME THING AS MGM'S 2001 RELEASE. SAME MGM BARE BONES DVD, SAME CRAPPY LOOKING CASE. ALL YOU WILL BE DOING IS SPENDING $14.98 FOR A THIN CRAPPY TERMINATOR HOLOGRAM. MGM TRIED TO TRICK PEOPLE THROUGH AMAZON.COM BY CHANGING THE LOOK OF THE DVD CASE TO MAKE PEOPLE THINK THAT THIS WAS A NEW TERMINATOR DVD RELEASE WITH CONTAINED DELETED FOOTAGE, INTERVIEWS, AND REAL SPECIAL FEATURES. WRONG, ITS THE SAME BARE BONES DVD THAT MGM RELEASED IN 2001!!!IF YOU ALREADY OWN THE 2001 MGM TERMINATOR DVD THEN DON'T BUY THIS!!!! YOU WILL ONLY BE RE-BUYING THE A DVD YOU ALREADY OWN!!!
0156012197|5.0|I can not get enough of this book, its outstanding writing of poetry captures Exupery's story perfectly. Exupery was born June, 29th 1900 and died on July 31st 1944.Exupery published this book in 1943 and it ended up to be this french man's best novel he would ever write. Over the years the book has had many translations and for that reason, it stands as one of the best selling books ever.       I have read this book ever since I was 8 years old and since I have put my eyes on this book, it's been one of my favorites. The little prince is the perfect character for the plot of journeying from planet to planet, not knowing what is going to happen next. Although the book is a great read, it is not a book for younger children, it is simply too  complicated for younger kids to understand the true moral of the story. The Little Prince is an easy read for teenagers and above. Serving as one of the best stories in my opinion ever written, it is an easy classic for all.       Heart-wrenching and very emotional are the the emotions that hit me as I read this book. All the tiny planets represent little political points and lessons that are extremely interesting. The fox teaches a main lesson, of respect and that good things come with time. This lesson is a good lesson to learn, cherish and remember. The fox reminds the Little Prince of why his little rose is so important to him. This brought me back to when my grandfather died. Ever since I was out of the womb he was there for me, hogging me from the rest of the family and until he died, nothing ever pulled us apart. The Little Prince helps every person realize simple lessons of life.     Overall, the book is very emotional and deserves utter respect and a place in every house's bookshelf. I recommend this book to everyone and give it a perfect rating. I hope to see this book as a must-read in high schools in the future. Every person should have a chance to read this book and experience the same enjoyment and pleasure as I have. I would have to disagree with Alan F. who stated \\"The book actually highlights the dogmatism of children.\\" I absolutely disagree with this comment made by Alan. This book is not projected as a distrusting book or guide on children not trusting adults. The book does not state that children are superior. The book tells a story of how no one understands this poor kid and only kids understand other kids.
0316666343|5.0|Book was in good condition, and exactly what I wanted. This is a wonderful book and I highly recommend it over the movie (though the movie is good too).  The book enables you to see much more into the lives of the people affected by Susie Salmon's death.  Almost done with it now. : )
0307454541|3.0|While there are more extensive reviews on this, I was looking for an easy beach read and stumbled upon this book. While some of the writing is cliche, as others have suggested, the story kept me entertained, which was what I was looking for. I enjoyed it.
B000BB1MIC|5.0|I could watch Gilmore girls over and over and it's always funny and you catch something new everytime you watch!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|I was very surprised when I picked up this album. I heard the song \\"Testify\\" somewhere and really enjoyed it, so I decided to look these guys up and bought this album expecting to enjoy \\"Testify\\" but think everything else was okay but I was wrong. This album is very unique and very meaningful and political which is refreshing.And Zach de la Rocha's voice may take some getting used to for some but I thought it was different but still good and powerful. I actually really enjoyed this album and would recommend it.Take it from an unbiased customer.
B001TH16DI|3.0|I purchased this Blu-Ray set in January and received my set with ST:VI \\"The Undiscovered Country\\" defective as it freezes up at 24 and 28 minutes into the movie. I sent the set back 2 TIMES for exchange and the same thing is happening at the same exact point in the movie, just after the klingons get beamed back to their ship after the state dinner. I can't believe I am the only one that had this problem, why aren't there more people giving feedback for the Blu-Ray set? Unless someone is deleting these comments? Am I alone here? - Other than that the PQ is fantastic. As for the other movies... 3, 4, 5 and even The Motion Picture look great. The Wrath of Khan, however, despite being remastered, really looks bad in places, good in others. They must have had a terrible print to work from... too bad isn't it? I do hope they issue the special editions onto Blu-Ray and I hope they pay closer attention to the level of quality they ask us to spend our money on!
B001U7FWM8|4.0|Veckatimest is by far Grizzly Bears most exciting release to date. It seems as though the group keeps getting better and better and releasing better quality albums with each output.<br /><br />While not really doing anything 'new' here, they have managed to basically perfect what they tried to create on Yellow House, here on Vecketimest. You can never know just exactly what to expect from each passing track as the group often goes in a totally different direction than one might assume. Which is to say the very least, abnormaly refreshing.<br /><br />'Two Weeks' 'Time For Now' and 'Cheerleader' are so flawless it almost hurts. 'Ready, Able' still leaves me confused upon every listen, which is not a bad thing, it's something I rather enjoy personally.<br /><br />With the quality increasing with each passing album one can only count the days till Grizzly Bears next release.
B00028HBLG|4.0|Nice artistic rendering of the last days of Christ. Not really violent, but it had a taste of old horror films like RoseMary's Baby and The Omen, in the scene of the Devil? with a devil's baby? and also scenes of children turning into devil's faces, that to me was the scariest part, Violence? not really nothing horrendous like most movies out today, no real violence in this. Movie done artistically, and apparently Gibson has a real belief, because of the ruining of the Jewish Temple at the end of the movie makes sure of that. Other than that, you are not sure whether Jesus is a criminal or truly the son of God. All in all not a bad movie. If I sit through it enthralled, then ok, its a 4 or 5 rating. In this case a 4 rating, because there may be some racist attitudes towards Jews slightly in this movie, but all in all good well done watchable movie.
B001A3AA0G|4.0|Now why can't all folk be this tasty? Warm tones, honest lyrics, rich vocals, and non-lazy acoustic guitars. Fleet Foxes have done it right on this release ladies and gentlemen. While not everything here is original it is refreshing and a new take on a classic format.<br /><br />'Oliver James' 'Ragged Wood' and 'Sun It Rises' are just stellar songs. The album isn't without it's moements of 'ugh' though, which is what prevents it from a higher rating.<br /><br />However overall this is a totally worth while release.
0790732017|5.0|Well, intelligently done, beautiful landscape scenery. Why can't they make anything close to this now? who knows but its enjoyable adventure. Part documentary part fantasy, but mostly a true look into the inhumane penal system still like this many parts of the world today.
B000FBGBPC|4.0|Three Days Grace is a dark and angry band but that's what makes them so great!  I was attending a Nickelback show w' Breaking Benjamin & Three Days Grace opening and asked a friend to burn me a CD with Three Days Grace songs.  Well I was like \\"WOW\\" these guys are good... Damn good.  When I saw them go on the stage after Breaking Benjamin, they absoultely amazed me!  \\"PAIN\\" & \\"RIOT\\" were the show highlights!  I had to then go and purchase this CD \\"One X\\"!  Well besides those 2 songs I found \\"ANIMAL I HAVE BECOME\\" as my favorite.  Besides all the radio play it gets, the song flat rocks!  I found \\"NEVER TOO LATE\\" and \\"TIME OF DYING\\" great as well, so if you are seeing where this is going this album is solid and a great 2nd album to a hard rockin band!
1439130833|5.0|The Secret Daily Teachings have been one of the best positive sources of inspiration I have come across throughout the several years of my personal quest for answers concerning my life purpose. I see everything in my life from a new broadened perspective. I also see people and life incidents that once annoyed me from higher loving and accepting threshold. This is my third year of reading the teachings and family members have noticed I'm \\"different\\" in a positive way. Some have inquired about my growth and I've purchased copies for them as gifts. The teachings are something that has and still is working for me! The Law of Attraction does exist. Make it work for you!
B000099T2L|5.0|Here we have an album that's gotton a lot of different reviews here on Amazon and apparently a lot of varrying opinions. Maybe that has to be with Beyonce's heavy media exposure during this time and the fact that she seemed to be eating it all up a little too much might have something to do with that. But whatever sources this songs come from or even overexposure this album was an excellent way for Beyonce to begin her solo career. Coming a year and a half after Destiny's Child dropped their [[ASIN:B00005B5ZU Survivor]] album Beyonce has every intention of forging ahead with her own sound. Perhaps it was the success of her Foxy Cleopatra persona in [[ASIN:B00005JL2O Austin Powers in Goldmember]] that prompted her to take a look at the strong funk roots in her music. And considering how much heavy African rhythms and the Arabic flavored melodies were not only with her previous group but in contemporary R&B in general she decided to play up how these flavors could function in a modern funk context. Samples and Jay Z's presense abound \\"Crazy In Love\\" is all of that and more-70's Chi-Lite horn samples notwithstanding the hip-hop/funk rhythms really push this forward as a great funk jam that managed to cross over big time into pop. \\"Naughty Girl\\" is the type of groove that could'nt be further from Destiny's Child. It's got a mean bassline right up front that's not in the commonly heard \\"low tone\\" style of most modern bass lines but also finds Beyonce singing a Donna Summer inspired high alto vocal that is incredibly fluid. \\"Hip-Hop Star\\" featuring OutKast's Big Boi may not be hugely inventive lyrically but the rocking-funk rhythms in the tune really remind me of many of the innovative hip-hop/funk hybrid OutKast were turning out at the same time. \\"Be With You\\" and \\"Me,Myself And I\\" are both excellent midtempo funk grooves with again some great basslines. Missy Elliot joins in on \\"Signs\\",another like minded groove that explores the different romantic qualities along the astrological chart,again emphasizing the 70's funk connection. \\"Speechless\\",\\"Gift From A Virgo\\" and \\"Daddy\\" all find a great ground between jazz,funk and soul balladry that showcase a certain rootedness in her music. Some of the more contemporary sounding songs such as \\"Baby Boy\\" and \\"That's How You Like It\\" are pretty typical of the time and not the most hugely powerful musical statements on the album. Yet even with those,no matter how you view Beyonce's visual persona this is a very strong album especially in the musical sense and was a great kick off to her career on her own.antic qualities along the astrological chart,again emphasizing the 70's funk connection. \\"Speechless\\",\\"Gift From A Virgo\\" and \\"Daddy\\" all find a great ground between jazz,funk and soul balladry that showcase a certain rootedness in her music. Some of the more contemporary sounding songs such as \\"Baby Boy\\" and \\"That's How You Like It\\" are pretty typical of the time and not the most hugely powerful musical statements on the album. Yet even with those,no matter how you view Beyonce's visual persona this is a very strong album especially in the musical sense and was a great kick off to her career on her own.
B000X107GI|5.0|I will bookmark \\"Battery Bob\\" for all my battery needs in the future. Amazingly fast shipping and it's free
0880796863|5.0|I am a beginner with Tarot, and I am totally satisfied with this. I was first told that this deck would fit perfectly for beginners as for experts, and it fits indeed. It was a very very good purchase.
1933771690|1.0|I strongly suggest reading \\"Biocentrism Demystified: A Response to Deepak Chopra and Robert Lanza's Notion of a Conscious Universe\\" by Vinod K. Wadhawan and Ajita Kamal. I would provide a link here, but Amazon would likely delete it (for understandable reasons). Just do a Google search.<br /><br />Although long and dense, it is very well written and at times quite humorous.  To wit, I quote from the article: \\"...non-scientists and charlatans cannot be permitted to twist facts to satisfy the hunger of humans for the feel-good or feel-important factor. The scientific method is such that scientists feel good when they are doing good science.\\"<br /><br />\\"Biocentrism\\" is yet another new-agey misrepresentation and misapplication of quantum physics. It is (IMHO) patently absurd to extrapolate from the incredibly small quantum world into the macro world of human beings. It would be like saying that, because electrons and positrons are attracted to each other, your best life partner is someone who is completely unlike you. Or that, since matter can not be created or destroyed, you are immortal.<br /><br />I'll close with a quote:<br /><br />\\"It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring.\\"<br /><br /> -- Carl Sagan
B00005N9CV|5.0|The Look of Love by Diana Krall was the 2001 follow up to her 1999 breakthrough CD When I Look in Your Eyes.  Whereas her former CD balanced songs backed by orchestra with those that were not, The Look of Love contains ten songs all featuring orchestral accompaniment.  I found that this served as a link between the two CDs without resorting to a mere clone of what was previously successful.  As you might expect The Look of Love is mellow across its entirety as string arrangements accent each song.  However Claus Ogerman does an excellent job of keeping the orchestra on the periphery.  This allows Krall's vocals and piano playing to take center stage.  One of the things that I love about her singing is the emotional depth she conveys with her delivery on slower songs.  This really comes through on \\"Cry Me A River\\", \\"Love Letters\\", and \\"Maybe You'll Be There\\".  The orchestra is not the only backing that adds depth to The Look of Love.  Russell Malone adds very pleasant jazz guitar on tracks such as \\"The Night We Called It A Day\\" and \\"Cry Me A River\\".  When you add it all up, Diana Krall created a high quality orchestral jazz CD that is very relaxing.  The Look of Love pairs well with a glass of wine after a trying day.  Those who are looking for more traditional jazz may be disappointed in The Look of Love, but I enjoy the variety.<br /><br />Download this:  Cry Me A River
B000OCZD5G|5.0|One of the few sequels in cinematic history to surpass its predecessor, George Miller's masterpiece (the second installment in the Mad Max trilogy) asserted Mel Gibson as a force of a leading man after being introduced in the wretched '77 pic Summer City and starring in the cult classic Mad Max. Like the first film of the franchise, The Road Warrior was praised by audiences and critics alike, and was a huge box-office success. While bombarding viewers with hardy action, it also grazes topics such as emotional solidarity, women's independence, and immigration and overpopulation; and consists of a Hollywood-famous car chase that belittled any chase anyone had ever seen (including that of Bullitt) prior to the recent releases of the Bourne flicks. There are more than a handful of Blu-ray remasters that are necessary for the relevance of one's video pantheon, but The Road Warrior should be at the top of one's priority buying list.
0061564893|5.0|I grew up in North China and lived in South China, in Chang Le, the departure point for the Ming Dynasty treasure ships, from 1947 to 1949.  But I heard nothing about Admiral Zheng He until Gavin Menzies enlightened me with his revelations.  His books are delightful, introducing us to an achievement of the Ming Dynasty that a subsequent emperor stopped cold and tried to erase from history. I wish I had known about all this when I was living in Chang Le.
B0011UF79C|4.0|Written and directed by Andrew Niccol, this provocative sci-fi thriller envisions a world in which society is fixated on genetics and human-enhancement, and everyone of privileged social standing is classified as either a \\"valid\\"--one who is genetically sound--or an \\"in-valid\\"--one whose genotype is lesser than that of a valid's. Gattaca is a strong and very intellectual film that poses questions regarding destiny and our society's burdening quest for perfection. It features an enticing cast (which includes Uma Thurman, Ethan Hawke, Jude Law, and Alan Arkin), a stimulating premise, and fervent execution of the done-over murder-thriller plot.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Since there are only around 3,000 reviews stating that your tv should be honoured to have the opportunity of screening this show, and you might be on the fence because of this, I thought I should contribute the 3,001 review that will make up your mind and stop all this fence sitting.    Have you ever wanted a tv show that could lower your cholesterol, give you a full head of glossy hair, and give meaning to your otherwise empty life? You're expecting far too much from entertainment. However, if you're wanting a show with sharp writing, a charismatic cast, and a wondrous font used for the credits, then this is the product for you. Buy now and Amazon will throw in shipping for whatever it costs to ship to your part of the world!    A show doesn't get this kind of fanatical following from only 14 episodes unless it's incredibly good. I mean, we can't ALL be family members of the production team (Uncle Joss disowned me so I don't count).    If you're silly enough to trust an internet stranger, trust this one; it's a must watch!
B00009V7OL|4.0|Written and directed by James Cameron, this dramatic underwater thriller boasts revolutionary special effects, insurmountable trepidation, and a formidably chilling score.    Ed Harris and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantino star as an estranged married couple that, along with a team of Navy SEALs, goes to the depths of the ocean to \\"rescue\\" a previously sunken submarine vessel. Soon enough, all contact with their support on the surface is lost due to a hurricane. Now trapped on the ocean floor, and with a rapidly decreasing air supply, the crew's suspicion of an alien organism comes to intense life as they encounter a liquid embodiment of \\"Non-Terrestrial Intelligence.\\"    Though famous for first using modern day 3-D computer-generation, The Abyss is perhaps most incredible for its understanding of underwater scenery, which is melancholic and haunting. Also worth mentioning is Cameron's \\"invention\\" of the Special Edition DVD, which added commentary and reason to the film and featured thirty extra minutes (including a tidal wave scene that was reportedly cut to meet runtime restraints) not seen in the theater or on any prior home video version.
B00005RHF8|1.0|I bought this because it was a movie I had fond memories of growing up. The quality of the product is very poor however. It seems to be made from an old copy of the film and has lines and glitches. I expect to see holes like the projector had burned the film at any moment.
B001EP8EL2|5.0|David Bowie's popular film debut is also one of rich visual imagery and profound cultural implications of worth and reason. Nicholas Roeg directs, using Paul Mayersberg's alteration of Walter Tevis' 1963 novel, which describes an extra-terrestrial being (Bowie, in the film) that becomes stranded on Earth after crashing his spacecraft while in search of water for his drought-plagued planet. The film also stars a middle-aged Rip Torn and previous American Graffiti star (and Academy Award-nominee) Candy Clark. Roeg never made a more significant work of pop art or social and cultural insight. The Man Who Fell to Earth is an essential picture. The Blu-ray remastered package, with filmmaker commentary and other fine supplements courtesy of the Criterion Collection team, eclipses most other sci-fi Blu-rays and is easily a must-own item for lovers of both film as artistic expression and film in general.
B002N1AEN2|5.0|It is the first time I bought a cd that all music it is really good, sometimes I buy a cd and has only few great songs. This cd all music are great.    Thanks    Eduardo ( São Paulo - Brazil )
B00003CXAT|4.0|Another instant classic from Steven Spielberg, this spectacular translation of Michael Crichton's famous novel entertains with constant, enduring bouts of excitement and a full plate of terrorizing sequences as memorable as they are awe-inspiring. A forewarning of the possible cataclysmic effects of meddling with biology and genetics, Jurassic Park exercises one of the most engaging, smartly-conceived plots in Hollywood history--simple, yet beyond the realm of most peoples' imaginations. Spielberg's use of special effects (in particular, animatronics) is absolutely perfect--the dinosaurs are more realistic than anything similar that anyone's ever seen. This film's cast is pleasant and applicable, and its sound effects rival its visuals, making it one of the most technically flawless films of all time. For any film aficionado, this is an absolute essential piece of any DVD collection.
0385340575|4.0|Reacher is becoming an stereotype, u know he is going to win every fight, no matter how good the other person is. The basic story is becoming redundant, he always beds the . His complete alienation from technology makes no sens for someone so informed about things like \\"10 signs of a suicide bomber\\"  But nobody does this better than Child, the story still pulls you along. There is enough mystery, and enough unknown to keep you going. I will keep reading the series.
B000QQH4YS|4.0|This ultra-violent, totally awesome satirical cop-actioner (which was originally given an \\"X\\" rating by the MPAA, prior to the conception of the \\"NC-17\\" sticker) is arguably one of Paul Verhoeven's best films, besting pictures such as his other sci-fi greats Total Recall and Starship Troopers, and his erotic thriller Basic Instinct. Its smart script is a sardonic and bloody one that surveys topical subject matter like the human character and America's cultural obsession with media and its lasting effects. All the while, however, screenwriters Edward Neumeier and Michael Miner appease the blood- and action-lusting appetite of that same obsessive American culture, while Verhoeven does what he's best at: delivering his renowned action-focused pace to movies of the action and science-fiction genres, making them as entertaining as they are usually gory.
B002XMGGK6|5.0|I have to admit that I had reservations before watching this film. You see, you get tired of Hollywood's old formula of making action flicks after a while. But, I have to say that \\"Law-Abiding Citizen\\" is different, and quite satisfying. It is a rare, smart, \\"kick-ass, feel-good\\" movie that keeps you interested all the way.    The film stars Gerard Butler as Clyde Shelton, a decent, family-loving father, whose world was about to change. One night, two intruders got access to his house, knocked him down, and tied his hands and legs. His wife was brutally raped and murdered in front of him. His precious, little daughter is also assassinated, without Clyde being able to do anything. Luckily, the two perpetrators are captured and sent to jail. The case is handled by Nick Rice (Jamie Foxx), a young prosecutor with a promising future. However, the best that he could do was to send one of the assassins to prison and a certain death penalty, and the other free after a brief sentence. This, clearly, is not what Shelton wants and deserves. He feels that the system failed him, and will take justice into his own hands. The criminals are taken care of, of course, but that is not all. He also goes after Rice and the whole District Attorney's office, with the intent of trying to change a system that favors criminals, declaring \\"war with this broken thing,\\" predicting that \\"it is going to be biblical.\\" Shelton is smart and dangerous; with the knowledge to get his revenge in a clever and ingenious way    \\"Law-Abiding Citizen\\" is very entertaining and dynamic, and will make you sheer for Butler. You may not like the ending - as I did --, but the ride to get there is quite spectacular. The DVD includes commentaries by the producers, documentaries about the justice of \\"Law-Abiding Citizen\\" and about its visual effects, a making-of feature, and more. (USA, 2009, color, 109 min plus additional materials)    Reviewed by Eric Gonzalez for [...] on February 15, 2010.
B0006B2A2E|5.0|This abstract romantic-comedy by writer/director Michel Gondry is given the boundary-less treatment one would expect from a loopy sci-fi pic. Teaming with famed playwright Charlie Kaufman, Gondry delivers a genuine love story that links the emotionally distant Joel Barrish (Jim Carrey) with the effervescent, free-spirited Clementine (Kate Winslet). Unbeknownst to them, they just ended a relationship with each other. But in their yearning to move on, they had their memories erased by a medical firm based in New York--well, Joel almost did...until he woke up during the procedure, turning his world into one of mental confusion and illogicality.    Gondry is a visionary, and Eternal Sunshine is both his crowning work as an artist and one of the most innovative, audacious comedies of the last decade.
1416972242|3.0|I was not very satisfied by this volume of the Mortal Instruments series. I think it was summed up well by a friend of mine as just being a very weird book. The writing is unnecessarily melodramatic while the plot moves along quite slowly, except during the important parts, where it seems to zoom by too fast. For the most part, the characters are kept realistic, although they all do go through their brief moments of flatness. The cultural references are a fun addition, adding a bit of extra enjoyment throughout the book. Like I had said in my review of City of Bones, the love triangle is overdone, like so many other books. The additional drama with Simon's character seems ridiculously overdone to me, particularly the supposed vampire vs. werewolf drama, as if we needed more of that. The cliffhanger was crazy awesome, and I can't wait to read more, but by God, I hope we are done with the disgustingness that is Jace/Clary. I don't need to read about siblings who are madly in love with each other, I really don't. Anyways, looking forward to getting my hands on City of Glass, and, oh, one last thing. Dumbledore would so win in a fight versus Magnus, no questions asked!<br /><br />Rating: 3.5/5
B000A88EVE|4.0|David Bowie's popular film debut is also one of rich visual imagery and profound cultural implications of worth and reason. Nicholas Roeg directs, using Paul Mayersberg's alteration of Walter Tevis' 1963 novel, which describes an extra-terrestrial being (Bowie, in the film) that becomes stranded on Earth after crashing his spacecraft while in search of water for his drought-plagued planet. The film also stars a middle-aged Rip Torn and previous American Graffiti star (and Academy Award-nominee) Candy Clark. Roeg never made a more significant work of pop art or social and cultural insight. The Man Who Fell to Earth is an essential picture.
B00003CXDD|5.0|The movie \\"Willow\\" is as good as a fantasy film can be. The cinematography is excellent, the scenery is beautiful, there is romance, lots of funny dialogue, high-flying adventure, and special effects which were state of the art at the time the movie was released. In my opinion, \\"Willow\\" was the most high quality fantasy film up to that point. Peter Jackson's version of \\"Fellowship of the Rings\\" wasn't released until many years later and there was no high fantasy film prior to it that could stand up to \\"Willow.\\"    When the movie starts a child is born with a mark on it. As I remember the evil queen character wants to sacrifice the child with that mark, so the child is hidden away. The child is taken up by a character called Willow (played by Warwick Davis). He's sent on a quest to bring the child back to humans or something like that. On the way he meets Mad Mardigan(Val Kilmer), a great sword swordsman, and they are then both pursued by the evil queen's henchman led by her daughter(played by the stunningly beautiful Joanne Whalley).    Warwick Davis as Willow is great. The part where Willow sees Mad Martigan fight with his sword and he says of Mad Martigan \\"You are great\\" is the best delivery of a line in fantasy film history. As Mad Martigan, Val Kilmer is totally cool. He really does make his character seem like the greatest swordsman. The movie also has a great Celtic sounding soundtrack by James Horner. All in all, I would definitely include this movie in my fantasy film collection.    The DVD includes a commentary by Warwick Davis and a short \\"making of\\" from around the time the film was released.
B00005R2IS|4.0|A catalyst in the Contemporary Era revenge-actioner movement, this George Miller flick features a young, then-unknown Mel Gibson in only his second movie role, as top-cop Max Rockatansky. After a pursuit of Max's ends in a fiery crash, killing the pursued (a biker named Nightrider), he is targeted by motor-terrorists for the death of their fellow gang member. When Max goes on a vacation trip with his wife and their infant son, they are attacked by the malicious, vengeful mob, leaving Max a childless widower hungry for his own violent revenge--and that's exactly what he gets. Set in post-apocalyptic Australia, this film, made for a meager $400,000, held the highest cost-profit ratio of any film in Hollywood history until 1999, when Blair Witch surpassed its mark.
0688163173|5.0|I bought this book as I knew I was going to want to see the movie and like to read the book first.  It was an amazing read, finished the book in two days, stayed up until 4 am the last night as I just couldn't put it down.  \\"Thrill ride\\" are the only words I can use to describe the book.  A definite must read.
B001PPGAJY|5.0|Bryan Singer, who became a Marvel Master after just one film adaptation of the classic comics, follows X-Men with this engaging sequel, which is as profound and intelligent as it is visually impressive and audience-pleasing. Despite introducing the blue-skinned, teleporting mutant, Nightcrawler, and becoming more action-alert than the first film, X2's spotlight is shone on Logan/Wolverine as he inches closer to uncovering the truth behind his past. But before he can do so, he must match wits with the iniquitous scientist William Stryker (Brian Cox), whose past is as murky and mingled as Logan's own.    Singer's continuation of the eventual trilogy (not counting the dreadful X-Men Origins: Wolverine)--one that ended with 2006's unworthy The Last Stand (which Singer opted out of to direct Superman Returns)--was one of 2003's top-grossing box-office hits, raking in over $85 million in its first weekend alone and nearly $215 million all-together, far exceeding its predecessor (which earned barely over $157 million), and is certainly one of the sci-fi genre's most exciting films. The High Definition transfer for the Blu-ray package was done pristinely and gets viewers even closer to Singer's brilliant vision.
0316044407|5.0|You will not be disappointed that you bought this book.  The writing is so well done that the subject matter becomes more palatable.  Her language is clear and unconvoluted, yet extremely full of thought. Making the protagonist the narrator, is not unusual, but from where the narration takes place, gives the writer the proper vehicle to tell her story. A good read, is a good read.  A good writer is a good writer, and Alice Sebold is a GOOD writer.
B001JNNDBA|4.0|An astonishing achievement in independent cinema, young writer-director Richard Kelly's sci-fi psycho-thriller is disturbing and audaciously original. Targeting American suburbia, Kelly's film saturates audiences with its dark sense of humor and mind-blowing tale of time-travel and teenage behaviorism. Jake Gyllenhaal is given the title role, a trouble-minded high school student whose psychological state is being rattled by the commands of a destructive voice in his head--that of a 6-foot-tall prophesying rabbit named Frank, who alerts Donnie of the world's end, which is to come in 28 days, 6 hours, 42 minutes, and 12 seconds. As perhaps Frank would've predicted, this treasure of cinema (which also stars Drew Barrymore, Patrick Swayze, Jena Malone, and Jake's sister, Maggie) accumulated rave reception and a surprisingly massive cult following.
B0025KVLV0|5.0|For you Beatles expert texpert readers:<br /><br />I had not heard this release is about 30 years so I come to LET IT BE with fresh ears possible apart from one who has never heard it at all.  On the other hand, I come to this in a way that is like a chance meeting with a high-school girl friend whom one has thought about from time-to-time over the years.<br /><br />For those otherwise:<br /><br />How does one rate The Beatles least \\"perfect\\" work?  Should it be judged using the incredibly high standard and pioneering work of The Beatles?  Should it be judged considering the music created by other artists that time period? I've read so much hyperbole regarding LET IT BE; however, only The Beatles themselves are worthy judges.  What we do know is that McCartney was very upset with the Spector post-production and that the work to record these tunes was not much fun.  As far as the sessions go, perhaps everything that needs to be said is said by looking at the pictures of Ringo Starr in the photos that are contained in the wonderful packaging for this remaster.  He looks like a Cymbalta poster boy in every shot (ha! drummer needs cymbalta - pun wasn't intended).  And then one hears the playful banter included between some tracks.  It sure is hard to land on this one.<br /><br />LET IT BE is probably the most \\"subjective\\" of all The Beatles' releases.  The work is loose, no question... but isn't that what they were after?  How can it be judged for it's sloppiness if loose was the objective?<br /><br />\\"Two of Us\\" - There's that fascinating story of McCartney visiting Lennon at his home in New York and the two of them talking about going down to NBC studios with their guitars during an edition of Saturday Night Live.  Every time I hear this song I think of that story.  It's a favorite and it's also somewhat prophetic in its lyric:  \\"the two of us have memories, longer than the road that stretches out ahead\\"<br /><br />\\"I Dig a Pony\\" - A very abstract lyric but soulful singing and playing.  Definitely the sound of a very good band playing live.  I'd never noticed the subtle swipe at the Rolling Stones until I purchased this edition.<br /><br />\\"Across the Universe\\" - I feel the Specter production was done nicely here (hear).  The string are subtle and the choir gentle enough so as not to disrupt the incredibly poetic, fragile sound and emotion.<br /><br />\\"I Me Mine\\" - I used to skip this tune when I was a teenager.  Now, I like it a lot, it rocks. Specter's production doesn't get in the way on this one either.<br /><br />\\"Dig It\\" - Lennon sarcasm, just having some fun with a touch of arrogance all beneath a sort of maniacal circus music.  It's a Small World Afterall filled with zombies, werewolves and vampires.<br /><br />\\"I've Got a Feeling\\"  - Another rocker that sounds like a very good band playing live.  I've never liked Lennon's off the cuff lyric on this, it always smacks of arrogance to me.  I still love Lennon though.<br /><br />\\"1 After 909\\" - Best rocker on the album.  Another completely live piece.  No Specteral sounds here.<br /><br />\\"Let it Be\\" - Always the way I'd remembered it.  Specter isn't too heavy-handed but he's flirting with it.  I can't wait to obtain LET IT BE... NAKED and hear this unadorned.<br /><br />\\"The Long and Winding Road\\" - A beautiful, poignant tune that has been turned into what amounts to a Disney-movie finale piece, Specter went nuts on this one and, while I can still hear the raw feeling that went into this, it does bug me a bit.<br /><br />\\"Get Back\\" - More flat-out live rockin'.  The only bad thing is that this version is too short.  The tune makes ME want to get back to Tucson (where I lived for 5 years recently).<br />And Phil Spector's production isn't that bothersome to my ears.  Yeah, the choir is a bit much, almost Disney-like on \\"The Long and Winding Road\\".  I still don't think this is a bad release, it brings back great memories (I was about 16 when this was released).  I think, overall, the production is good.  I'm very please with my purchase and I would buy it again and again if something happened to my copy. I will also be buying the \\"naked\\" release to hear the other \\"vision\\" of LET IT BE, that will be interesting to be sure.  But that isn't the version that is remembered historically - though perhaps it should have been.  I'm saving that purchase for last, after I have the remaining remasters and the anthology release to finish my collection.<br /><br />Dig it.  Listen to LET IT BE and make up your own mind, don't pay attention to reviews filled with nonsensical hyperbole.  Perception is a flawed reality.  Only The Beatles themselves have a worthy opinion (and their individual opinions are also a flawed reality) as to where it stands in their legacy.happened to my copy. I will also be buying the \\"naked\\" release to hear the other \\"vision\\" of LET IT BE, that will be interesting to be sure.  But that isn't the version that is remembered historically - though perhaps it should have been.  I'm saving that purchase for last, after I have the remaining remasters and the anthology release to finish my collection.    Dig it.  Listen to LET IT BE and make up your own mind, don't pay attention to reviews filled with nonsensical hyperbole.  Perception is a flawed reality.  Only The Beatles themselves have a worthy opinion (and their individual opinions are also a flawed reality) as to where it stands in their legacy.
B0007PALZ2|4.0|Terry Gilliam resists many of his comedic tendencies in this mostly serious, increasingly intense thriller, which, despite adopting a morose storyline, manages some mordant moments of humor. In 2035, a man named James Cole (Bruce Willis), a prisoner of an underground penitentiary, is sent back in time to investigate the cause of a viral pandemic that caused five billion deaths in 1997. After explaining his task to those of the \\"past\\" world ('97), Cole is put in an insane asylum, where he meets the eccentric and extremely unstable Jeffrey Goines (Brad Pitt), who he believes may have the answer to the catastrophic riddle. Madeleine Stowe co-stars as James' psychiatrist and eventual collaborator in his search for any clues, and Christopher Plummer plays Goines' virologist father. Brilliant for its mounting of suspense, 12 Monkeys commands engagement, then rips any understanding one may have mustered from under them through hefty, shocking twists, making it an unforgettable watch.
B002VKE1K2|4.0|Most of the negative reviews I've seen about Paranormal Activity are based on the level of \\"boredom\\" that the viewer had. Sadly I would attribute this to years of scary movies showing you what you should be scared of rather than allowing us to see just enough to let the mind fill in the blanks. Many people today have a hard time using their imagination when going to the movies because they are so use to movies filling in all the visual blanks for them. While I would agree to an extent with the \\"boredom\\" and lack of scariness during the first 15-20 min. (keys dropping, lamps shaking, pounding on walls...stuff like that) it did eventually pick up. The low budget Blair Witch documentary style simply adds to the believability of the story. I'd also add that if you even remotely buy into the possibility of demonic forces...by the end it will scare the hell out of you.
B00005JL78|4.0|Based on the short story by popular sci-fi novelist Philip K. Dick, this intelligent--and rather ominous--vision of the future is one of Steven Spielberg's finest works, and manages to captivate and stimulate viewers for nearly two-and-a-half hours. The story, too, presents a long-thought-over theoretical conundrum regarding individual independence and self-government vs. fortune that is predestined by a higher power--the eternal battle between religion and evolutionary humanism. More faintly, however, this film probes the mental and technical processes by which criminals plan their crimes and law enforcement pursues the criminals. Shot with an over-exposed lens and a desaturated color palette, Minority Report grows more beautiful with each successive scene, and also entails magnificent special effects of various ultramodern technology and gadgetry (including the ingenious mechanical \\"spiders\\").
B001WCN232|4.0|Just received my box set today...  Star Star is not censored...  Must have corrected the problem!...  Sound is very clean...  The better way to have done this thing is to have done mini LP replicas...
B00004Y87O|4.0|For this inventive sci-fi actioner, director John Carpenter (who also co-wrote and scored the film) depicts a dystopian future--the film's events take place in 1997--in which New York's Manhattan Island is a lockdown penitentiary that holds only the most dangerous of prisoners. A prisoner himself, ex-soldier Snake Plissken (Kurt Russell) is tossed into the apocalyptic metropolis, pressured with the burdensome task of finding the President, who was recently kidnapped by inmates following the crash-landing of Air Force One on the island.    Carpenter had a hard time getting his film into the production stages, though one wouldn't know it. More than a half-decade after the story's conception, Escape from New York grossed over $50 million worldwide (a huge number in the early '80s) and was followed by a sequel in 1996. A remake was originally slated for a mid- to late-2009 release, but both star Gerard Butler and director Len Wiseman pulled themselves from the film. But that might be a good thing; it's hard to imagine any technologically upgraded remake retaining the focal essence of Escape from New York, which was and remains its ingenuity.
B0000640SB|4.0|Mixing smarts with hip and cultural \\"cool\\", this sci-fi action-comedy reached immediate cult status and is regarded by many as the main catalyst in Will Smith's acting career. Based on the comic book by Lowell Cunningham, Barry Sonnenfeld's fun spectacle is the epitome of a \\"blockbuster\\", casting big names, using big sets, incorporating first-rate special effects, and grossing nearly $600 million in worldwide box office sales (it earned over $250M domestically).
B0001O3YD0|4.0|David Twohy's follow-up to '96's The Arrival is one of grave circumstances and underappreciated symbolism. After sustaining heavy damage from a meteor storm, a spacecraft transporting numerous people crashes on a hot, desolate planet. Once the sunlight fades into darkness, however, the survivors of the crash become prey to a species of flying, nocturnal alien, against which there is only one chance for their survival: Riddick (Vin Diesel), a convicted murderer who was being moved by their craft to a far-off prison.    Though it underwent critical scrutiny, Pitch Black is one of very few mainstream Hollywood films to address the Muslim faith with high regards, rather than denigration. One of the more prominent roles depicted in the film is Abu \\"Imam\\" al-Walid (played by Keith David), a Muslim who sees the good in Riddick, despite the prisoner's forte for killing. The character, in fact, is paid the ultimate honor a slaughter-fest flick can deliver--survival--and is included in the film's below-par sequel, The Chronicles of Riddick.
B000GPIPT2|5.0|Advertised as \\"The Original Horror Show,\\" the first film of director James Whales' 1930s horror movie succession (The Old Dark House, The Invisible Man, Bride of Frankenstein), which accompanied Universal's early monster flicks like Dracula, The Mummy, and The Wolf Man, is a successful blend of terror and science, conceiving it's antagonist through an unsanctified experiment conducted by a genius madman named Henry Frankenstein. It's uncomforting, disturbing measure of sacrilege is certainly a milestone, and opened the doors of exploration for subsequent films of horror, sci-fi, and all other genres.
B0018O4YT0|4.0|Of no relation to or influence from the 1950 or 1990 films of the same title, this stylish, atmospheric, and very creepy sci-fi noir features a great cast, striking, dreamlike visuals, and plays out like a nihilistic nightmare. Directed and co-produced by Alex Proyas (The Crow; I, Robot), whose original story he adapted into a screenplay with David S. Goyer (Batman Begins) and Lem Dobbs, Dark City follows John Murdoch (Rufus Sewell), a man who wakes up in a dark hotel bathroom with no recollection of how or when he got there. Before long, he's the lead suspect in a murder investigation led by detective Frank Bumstead (William Hurt) and he's being contacted by a mysterious psychiatrist named Dr. Schreber (Kiefer Sutherland). To make matters worse, as he searches for his wife (Jennifer Connelly), he also must evade a strange group of creatures called \\"The Strangers,\\" who have perpetrated eternal darkness on the film's city and have the ability to change its landscapes and put its inhabitants to \\"sleep\\" at will. Proyas' vision is a terrifying one that exhibits similarities to other sci-fi works such as The City of Lost Children (which would have made the list had the list been longer), and served as a mild influence for The Matrix trilogy.
B000FS9FCQ|4.0|V for Vendetta, a film version of Alan Moore's graphic novel, is set in a futuristic totalitarian Britain and peruses the chords of politics through the vengeful eyes of a mysterious, masked rebel-fighter known as \\"V\\". Produced by The Matrix's Wachowski brothers, and directed stylishly by then-newcomer James McTeigue, this roaring, action-packed flick manages a rare brand of intelligence and lucratively enthuses the idea that citizens run by governments are naïve to the confines of such leadership and are too quick to conform. V for Vendetta perpetrated Hollywood's long-since-owed delivery of a film equally rich in smarts and entertainment value--somewhat of a rarity in the sci-fi and action genres, lately.
B000Y7U98W|4.0|Danny Boyle's Sunshine bursts into viewers with great energy and passion and re-detonated the sci-fi genre, which had been burnt out over the past decade (it's still one of the best films of the genre since its release). This innovative spectacle breaches the core of sci-fi entertainment and taps into the intuition of humanity. Sunshine is about more than just feeding hungry watchers with its filling dose of amusement; it's about dissension and the varying ways people come to terms with it, and it excavates the everlasting battle between religion and sciences, as well -- in an artful, thrilling manner. The Blu-ray remaster is the version you need to own, though, due to the picture's unprecedented visual tenacity.
B00000F169|4.0|John Carpenter's first film (for which he directed, produced, co-wrote and composed music) is a space farce set in the 22nd century. The film focuses on the four silly crewmembers aboard the Dark Star, a spaceship made for the destruction of other planets that could potentially harm the growth of humanity. A goofy satire, this film would later have a noteworthy influence on Mel Brooks' Star Wars pan, Spaceballs. It may not be an exceptional movie of any kind, but it is certainly worth owning if but for its genre importance. Most sci-fi fanatics will assert it as a valued piece of their respective collections.
B000BW7QWW|4.0|This exemplary continuation of the Fox television series Firefly proves that a TV-to-big screen transition is not always rough. Directed by Joss Whedon (who also directed the short-lived series), Serenity (which shares its name with the program's beloved ship) is a science-fiction action-comedy with a classic Western feel that delivers in each of its numerous genre categories, while simultaneously refreshing viewers with relatable characters and a convincing script. As was the case on the show, Nathan Fillion steals the spotlight as the goofy, yet legendary captain, Malcolm Reynolds. Malcolm and his crew venture through space, on the run from the governing Alliance, which seeks two of Reynolds' new passengers: Simon; and, more importantly, his sister, River, whose telepathy and mental and physical capacities pose as a threat against its reign.
B001YV502C|5.0|In director Alfonso Cuaron's finest work to date, he attacks itchy subjects such as terrorism, overpopulation, pollution, and illegal immigration in a way that culminates in one of the very best cinematic examinations of the milliniem. Set in an irrevicable future in which women can no longer have children, Children of Men, adapted from P.D. James' book, reminds us -- with heightened intensity -- where our problems today could put us twenty years down the road. Top-notch performances and a crisply cut script, delivered via the depressingly beautiful backdrop of a dying country, amount to a devastating experience, impacting anyone with a pulse and tapping into the great watchful minds of the industry's scrutinizers with a powerful message: What's to come of mankind in twenty, fifty or a hundred years? I haven't the slightest clue. However, as long as we're given tidy diversions such as this, I'll be satisfied.
B002T9H2L0|1.0|I cant begin to describe how (cursing, cursing, more cursing) TERRIBLE this film is.    Imagine if you took Kill Bill, and ran the script through a translator from English, to swedish, to japanese, to chinese, to piglatin, then through a Zippy the Pinhead filter and back to English.    Now, take a first-year film student and put him on drugs. Have him shoot the script with Charles Manson directing the screenplay.    Add Tom Hanks' terrible fake Bostonian accent from \\"Catch me if you Can\\", and dont forget to pervert history so bad that the only thing correct is the spelling (and not the pronunciation) of \\"Nazi\\".    Or, imagine Tarantino subcontracting his films to be made in China...much how companies move production to China...except imagine the screenplay being made by a random citizen in China who has never seen a movie before, or know what WW2 was. Also, give him a head injury along with sleep deprivation.    About Tarantino; I used to PRAISE him for his movies, as he'd make movies like how I would, if given the chance.    This piece of GARBAGE, though? The first thing that set me off was the two-word title, which BOTH of the words are spelled wrong.    I guess it matched the quality control of the movie. It sucked. It is the Jar-Jar Binx of all war/action films. It has ZERO value as a Tarantino fan, a WW2 fan, and action fan, a cult movie fan, a Troma fan, a b-movie fan, or even a gore fan. It wont please ANYONE.    I'm glad I didnt even pay for the rental of this piece of trash. I'd rather watch ISHTAR, SPIES LIKE US or even WILLOW. On Betamax on a black-and-white TV with no sound. And 2 hours left to live.
078401020X|2.0|Everyone knows the storyline what I want to know is where is the person you see yourself as in this movie. There is not one character that has any relationship to well constructed in this show. I figure anyone rating this above a three is either a teen that hasn't discovered playboy yet or a mental slogger that doesn't realize the difference between intelligent & manipulative.<br /><br />Most people that I talk to that think they're slick, like Catherine Trammel, I point out they haven't invested 3 seconds of their life to develop that, they then get confused. I've found no one that wants to be shooter. Gee imagine that. The characters throughout this story are so lame you've got no one to connect with. In this movie you can only be for evil & it is lame evil in the scheme of this world.<br /><br />Now lets try on Sharon Stone' upskirt shot. There isn't a 12 year old that hasn't stumbled on a better beaver shot than this. For all the hype it's given it's pathetic & puh-lease give me a break on the \\"I just didn't know that the camera would show (it) on screen. I'm sure. Sure I'm sure. Put your pants on & turn on a brain older than 15 please. I do apologize to all mature 15 year olds for that. My goodness don't you people have relations with the opposite or same sex at any time? It has a good cast that showed no sense by being involved in this farce. This isn't a crime film it's a slime film.<br /><br />2 Stars only. Should've been 1.
B00005JKNC|5.0|Best dramatic role that stretched Carrey to new never before seen levels of acting.        The story is a road of high & fast lane of L.A. to fear and escape to lost memory and discovery of a life unlived, again loss and choices made at the fork in that road. One is cascaded through lows and highs and highs and lows centered around Carrey's character.        Carrey becomes the touch stone of living out a life given as a second chance, and how circumstances affect self, family, neighbors and towns. Like the proverbial stone tossed into the pond and the ripples it sends out in response.        It was great seeing Martin Landau in this role of the old Majestic owner and Carrey's 'father'.          I have bought this movie as it is worth seeing over and over.  Would highly recommend. (As long as you remember the movie demonizes people like McCarthy--who it turns out was right--searching for Communists in USA of the late 40's and 50's--but leaves out the harm those Communists did to the country of the time. Their may have been those who abused their authority, just as their is now...that is people seeking power some are corrupted. But the Artists and movie making industry joined these groups of Communists largely out of fear of the power they wielded within the hiring for movies or stage. Sad really. Parts of Carrey's character's monologue to the committee could be offered as testimony to many present day committee hearings on the hill in DC--and maybe should be.)
B002XMGGK6|4.0|My husband and I both enjoyed this movie.  It was a very good thriller with an excellent performance by Gerard Butler.<br /><br />For those of you who have seen the movie FRACTURE with Ryan Gosling and Anthony Hopkins, it was a lot like that with the viewer being torn between cheering for the alleged bad guy versus good guy, but with one major flaw.  My husband and I both agreed that we could not wrap ourselves around Jamie Foxx's character, Nick Rice, because he seemed to be lacking the necessary vulnerability or emotion to care for the outcome of his character.  I also didn't really see much character development as I did with Ryan Gosling's character in FRACTURE.<br /><br />At first we thought it was just poor directing, and maybe it was both, but Jamie said in the special features that it was his idea to play the character this way.  I just couldn't help but think the role of Nick Rice would have been much better had DENZEL WASHINGTON been rightfully cast instead of Jamie Foxx.  I am not going to go on as to why I think Denzel would have been better, but for those familiar with his movies, I think you will understand where I am coming from.<br /><br />I will say that I generally enjoy Jamie Foxx in other roles and I think he is a great actor, but he just didn't do it for ME in this one.<br /><br />Overall, a great little thriller with an excellent performance by Gerard Butler.  Leslie Bibb also gave a good performance.<br /><br />I would watch it again.
B0014N7KIM|5.0|It's hard to know where to start with this review because I loved the music but I also loved the intimate shots of people enjoying the music. A hip Anita O'DAy, beautiful and stylish, Dinah Washington and Terry gobbs jamming it up, some chick in the audience working on an ice cream bar,Louis Armstrong and Jack Teagarden having fun with \\"Old Rocking Chair, and Monk laying out his version of what music should be are just a few of the images I took away from this movie. There is so much to see, hear and enjoy you would like it to last forever. I loved every minute of this work of art.
0783233477|4.0|Although this a long film, it is so well done that time does fly. Brad Pitt, Anthony Hopkins, and the Claire Forlani were all top notch.  We think of death in such negative terms but Pitt made him more human and real though still remaining somewhat abstract. Good acting!  (not to mention he was very attractive to the eye). Hopkins was simply excellent - isn't he always?  The supporting actors (Marsha Gay Harden, etc) were equally as good. No flaws in this film at all.  This is my 2nd time to __buy__ it... I have it on VHS and now, on CD.  Not sure how many times I have seen this movie but it is always engaging.     Definitely worth seeing (over and over). Enjoy!
B00000G3PA|4.0|This is the perfect popcorn movie.    The action, the humor, and yes, the emotion.  When Liv Tyler cries towards the end, she at that one time enters into the ranks of film's most striking beauties.    Yes, the movie is cheesy, but I don't always feel like \\"Dinner with Andre\\" as a way to relax.    One of the reasons the film is hated by the snob elite is because it's a very Patriotic film.  And lord knows, you can be chic and think anything about the flag or being a hero is good.    Again, most likely you have seen the movie.  Go ahead and add it to your library and don't worry about what one of your pretend critic friends might say about you owning it.
B002ZTQVGQ|5.0|Ponyo (ÑÂ¤ÎÉÏ¤Î¥Ý¥Ë¥ç, Gake no Ue no Ponyo?, literally \\"Ponyo on the Cliff\\"), initially titled in English as Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea, is a 2008 Japanese animated film by Studio Ghibli, written and directed by Hayao Miyazaki. It is Miyazaki's eighth film for Ghibli, and his tenth overall. The plot centers on a goldfish named Ponyo who befriends a five-year-old human boy, S¨­suke, and wants to become a human girl.    The film has won several awards, including the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year.[2] It was released in Japan on July 19, 2008 and August 14, 2009 in the US and Canada,[3] where it reached #9 in the box office charts for its opening weekend.[4]    I first when I found out who was doing the english dubbed I was a little worry. Cause like for totoro dakota fanning didn't do such a good job as for the orginal cast. I love the movie so much. I been waiting when this was going to be realse. If you worryed wheather it good or not. You should buy it. by the way studio ghilbi is making a new movie    The Borrower Arrietty  From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia  Jump to: navigation, search  The Borrower Arrietty     Poster advertising The Borrower Arrietty in Japan.   Directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi   Produced by Toshio Suzuki   Written by Hayao Miyazaki   Music by Cecile Corbel (theme song)   Cinematography TBA   Editing by TBA   Studio Studio Ghibli   Distributed by Toho (Japan)  Walt Disney Pictures   Release date(s) July 17, 2010 (2010-07-17)   Country Japan   Language Japanese   The Borrower Arrietty (½è¤ê¤°¤é¤·¤Î¥¢¥ê¥¨¥Ã¥Æ¥£, Karigurashi no Arrietty?) is a 2010 Japanese anime film to be produced by Japanese animation house Studio Ghibli, based on the fantasy novel The Borrowers by Mary Norton.[1][2]    The upcoming film is slated for a July 17, 2010 release in Japan and will mark the directorial debut of Studio Ghibli animator Hiromasa Yonebayashi, who will be the youngest person to direct a film forGhibli. Ghibli founder Hayao Miyazaki will be supervising the production as a developing planner
B0013XW2F4|1.0|No Table of Contents. On that basis I'd like to give this edition no stars . . . .
B000063V8U|5.0|What a terrific season, I think this might be the best season in The Next Generation series, and that's saying a lot, because seasons 3, 4, and 5 are great beyond words, so to say this is the best season is pretty high ranks, of course I haven't seen season 7 yet, but I have it already (i have the whole series), and I except nothing less.    There is so much going for this season, from the story lines, to the acting, to the character development, which is something this series lacked in it's first 2 seasons, and once again the special effects are great.    'Time's Arrow Part 2' kicks off the season from the season 5 ending cliffhanger, what a great episode, both parts, if you've seen season 5, you know that Data has to go back to the 19th century to save himself, and part 2 picks right up, and doesn't disappoint, 'Realm of Fear' is another Reggie Barclay episode, not much to say about it, just a nice solid all-around episode, 'Man of the People' is a bit on the sub-par side, but does get interesting, so not a waste of time, in 'Relics' guess who we meet again?! Montgomery Scott (Scotty!) from The Original Series, this is a very well done episode, bringing Scotty into the 24th century after being in limbo for 75 years, an excellent episode, in 'Schisms' the crew encounters strange happenings due to an unwelcome alien visit, good solid episode, 'True Q' the first of two Q episodes on this season, and a great episode, giving a woman a chance to decide wether to Q or not to Q, then we get 'Rascals' which I think is very well done, a none-annoying kid episode, a transporter accident transforms Picard, Guinan, Keiko, and Ensign Ro are transformed into what they were as children, a great episode.    'A Fistul of Data's' continues the excellence of this season, Worf and Alexander are set to do battle in the wild west...with Data! a great episode, 'The Quality of Life' an episode in which a robot is created to make it easier for the crew to maintain the ship, but Data feelsit is wrong using a lifeform to do their work, and tries to prove that the robot is indeed life, nice! 'Chain of Command Parts 1 and 2, just a terrific two part episode, Picard are crew are on a top secret mission from Starfleet, and part of the role, is Picard resigning his command to Captain Jellico (played by Ronny Cox), so that Picard and his crew can go undercover and carry out their mission, but are taken hostage by the Cardassians! and in part 2, the crew aboard the Enterprise are not convinced with their new captain, and insist on a rescue attempt on Picard and his away team, an awesome episode!, the great episodes just keep coming 'Ship in a Bottle' Moriary who was put into the Holodeck system in season 2 is wanting more, wanting to experience life outside in the real world, with his wife, excellent!    'Aquiel' the only bad episode, I'm not going to explain it, 'Face of the Enemy' perfect episode after the only bad one on this season, Troi wakes up aboard a Romulan warbird, unknowingly, she is on a top secret mission for the Federation, great episode, 'Tapestry' the second 'Q' episode of the season, Picard is killed, and Q gives him the chance to change his destiny, some terrific drama between Picard and Q, just another great episode!, 'Birthright Parts 1 and 2' Worf and Data set out to find their fathers, not much else to say, just another solid episode, it's getting to be a theme with this season, 'Starship Mine' while the Enterprise is being struck with lethal rays, Picard discovers a band of interstellar thieves are aboard the Enterprise, excellent! (also features Tim Russ) who would later play Mr. Tuvok on Voyager!, 'Lessons' is actually a great love story episode, Picard is forced to send a woman he has fallen in love with on a dangerous mission, great ending!.    'The Chase' continues the excellence, the Enterprise is in a race with the Klingons and the Cardassians to solve a 4 billion year old genetic puzzle, the ending is shocking, and great!, 'Frame of Mind' another great episode, Riker is trapped in a mental hospital with hardly any memory of the past and is convinced he is going insane, another shocking ending, 'Suspicions' A Ferangi scientist is on the brink of a new discovery, but his partners aren't so sure, and the Ferangi is murdered, Dr. Crusher suspects one of his partners, which it did turn out to be, BUT NOT WHO YOU EXPECT IT TO BE, 'Rightful Heir' a great Klingon episode, the Klingons have made a copy of the greatest Klingon of all time 'Kahless' whom they want to take over the empire, but Worf and others aren't so sure!, 'Second Chances' another great Riker episode, while transporting down to a research station, Riker discovers a exact of himself, who tries to rekindle the relationship with Troi, great episode!, 'Timescape' EXCELLENT, The Enterprise is frozen with a Romulan warbird and is on the brink of annihilation, GREAT!, and then we get to the season ending cliffhanger, 'Descent Part 1' A GREAT cliffhanger, while checking out a planet that has been attacked, the away team discover that it is indeed, THE BORG, and they help Data feel his first emotion...to feel angry!, The Borg convince him to join them...little do we know, at the end of the episode, we discover Data has not only joined the Borg, but Lore as well!, and together they plan to destroy the Federation!    A GREAT SEASON!, that is all I can say, now I'm onto see the conclusion to Descent, Star Trek fans, BUY THIS!
0061733199|5.0|This is everything it appears to be, well written and informative. Lot's of scenarios and real life solutions.
0887307280|5.0|After I posted my disgust of Michael Gerber's new book The E-Myth Enterprise, I felt it necessary to make it known that there was a time when he wrote relevant information.  The E-Myth Revisited is an incredible book and once again absolutely required for anyone that wants to start a business. The book will show you exactly what it claims, Why most small businesses fail and what to do about it. This book is all about setting up a business that can be franchised. Using McDonald's as an example, Gerber outlines how to use systems and processes in creating your business so that you (The Entrepreneur) can eventually step away from the business and let it run itself, rather than creating your own 16-hour-a-day prison.  I can't recommend this highly enough. Don't start a business until you've read The E-Myth Revisited.
B001NXDIMK|5.0|Very happy with my Pre Release purchase, especially receiving a refund due to release pricing!!! I know I can always trust AMAZON for great products, pricing and delivery to AUSTRALIA!!! Cheers....
B002XMGGJM|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS FANATASTIC I GOT IT THE DAY IT CAME OUT AT BEST BUY I JUST LOVE THIS MOVIE ITS HAS WHAT U WANT IN A THRILLER MOVIE BEST PART IS ITS LOOK AMAZING ON BLU RAY AND THE SOUND IS OUT OF THIS WORLD ,GO OUT AND PICK IT UP U WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED U WILL BE WOWED .A MUST OWN ON BLU RAY.
B0000252YK|3.0|`The Ultimate Sin' seems to be a touchstone for minor controversy when Mr. Osbourne's career is assessed. Yes the album was a step down from previous efforts; mostly in terms of song quality. There also seems to be a focus on the breakdown between the relationship between Oz and Jake E. Lee in addition to the small matter of Bob Daisley writing 90% of the lyrics and not getting credit for them.  The songs lyrically are very generic and unfortunately are riddled with hair metal clichés. However the guitar playing is stellar! Lee did not let down this album but plays like a man possessed. Examples of the former include some embarrassing moments in \\"Lightning Strikes\\", which musically is very good.  \\"Never Know Why\\" could be exhibit B in the court of dumb lyrics, but again Lee saves whatever merits this song may have. The title track and \\"Killer of Giants\\" are  both songs on which everything seemed to work as well as hit single \\"Shot In the Dark\\" but these are overshadowed (especially \\"Killer\\", which could be one of Ozzy's most underrated songs). \\"Never\\" may be a little weak lyrically but the groove laid down by Lee is fantastic and this makes this song a personal fav. `Ultimate Sin' is a decent record from a troubling time for metal (look at `Turbo' for example) and Ozzy seemed momentarily lost in the hair metal daze.
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|Up is a remarkable film. From its outrageous and exotic setting to the touching story between a boy Russell and a man, Carl, this movie is great for all ages. The story is not only kid friendly but portrays an important story for all to know. Dreams are great to have and in knowing this adults can have the same reaction to the film as younger children.       It starts with a classic romance among two childhood sweethearts, Carl and Ellie, who both share the same desire to explore just as their role models have. Where they plan to go is a place called Paradise Falls, an escape from reality. Sad to say as the story unfolds Elle passes before their chance to explore is even brought up. Now many many years later, Carl is a clear example of the \\"grumpy old man\\" image. His new individual goal in life is to bring his house to Paradise Falls where he believes Ellie has meant for them to be. So his mission began, first with the numerous helium filled balloons lifting his house and guiding him on his way to Paradise Falls. Much to his knowledge this was a trip all to himself, little does he know, a Wilderness Explorer Scout named Russell ends up on his front porch when carl releases the balloons to start the adventure. Russell wants to finish his Wilderness training and in order to do that he needs an assist the elderly patch. To do this he is constantly asking to help with anything and annoys Carl very much. From that moment on it's a true adventure for the two of them on their way to Paradise Falls. Here they meet new creatures, talking dogs, a crazed explorer and finally the true bond of friendship is formed.       This Disney and Pixar movie was directed by Pete Docter. He has also directed Monsters, Inc, wrote toy story, and a co-writer for the film WALL-E. Knowing the reputation and past history with these mentioned films this director has a clear vision when comes to animation. Just like in the movie Finding Nemo, the colors throughout this film are spectacular. Such detail went into the presentation and it is clearly shown. Funny and adventurous are two words that can describe this outstanding film.
0446698342|5.0|I've read quite a few novels by Sparks, and most are predictable.  When I sat down to read The Lucky One, predictability never entered my mind.  Not because I was curious as to where the story went, but because I was so engrossed that I never thought about it.  Some books I can put down and not read for a few days, sometimes even a week or more, but I almost felt withdrawals when I couldn't finish this *right away*.    The Lucky One is unlike the others I've read and is by far my favorite.  The characters are rich with personality and history, and I often found myself laughing out-loud at the old southern quips.  If I ever met someone like Thi-bault, I would never let them leave my life.  I hope you enjoy this as much as I did!
B002QW7AJY|5.0|Dennis Quaid's best performance ever! The movie is an awesome suspense/thriller. I loved the way it keeps you alert through the whole thing especially in the end.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The action begins on page one. This book has it all, action, adventure,and romance. Personally, the best book ever written. I couldn't put it down even if I tried. Even my favorite authors, including Stephen King the greatest horror book writer ever, loved it
B001C09KD0|5.0|Delightful! Will make you laugh, cry, dance...You won't be able to put it down if you're an enlightened woman who likes the title. :)<br />Auretha Callison,<br />Best Image Coach<br />[...]
B0030BOCKK|5.0|I've been a HIM fan for five years now. I caught on after my friend listened to them and I remember HIM being on Viva la Bam. I downloaded all the HIM songs and I fell in love with the band. I bought the last three albums, Dark Light, Venus Doom, and now Screamworks since it came out on my birthday. LOL I think the reason why I fell in love with HIM is there were songs about love...but in a more darker and dramatic way. I think that's what this album has reference to, hence \\"Dying Song\\".    I like this album, to be honest, I'm glad I bought it and I don't have a bad thing to say about it. :) Gotta love HIM, wish I could see them in April. (I have a 1 year old son) They're coming to Seattle. :( Oh well, I'll be the weird rocker mom going with my son to a HIM concert when he's older. LOL
B00008HCCF|3.0|2002-Norah doing what Norah does. Have seen her show twice last year. She is exciting on stage, but this video is not the most creative presentation of this fine entertainer. She is seen as young, talented, sweaty. Not the same band she performs with regularly now, Catch her live for the real experience.
0061733199|4.0|This book has a ton of great info, a lot of which I personally learned in the Army. There is so much that I didn't know or was no too familiar with also. If you do a lot of camping or backpacking, this book would come in handy. Just make sure you actually try and practice what you read. You don't want your first time to be the time that your life depends on your skill.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|This film delivers.  Expecting something different?  If so, you will be excited to learn that this film provides pure escapism at its best. Enjoy.
1416562605|4.0|This is my first time at reading any Indian literature, and it was a successful first try. I really enjoyed the book for a number of reasons: it was sarcastic -- dark comedy they call it. Still, it was surprisingly informative and eye-opening.<br /><br />The author makes fun of the cruel reality of the societal aspects in today's India (at least the way he shows it which he says at the end of the book that such reality isn't fiction; he has seen and interacted with people similar to those whom he describes). Everything in there seems completely and utterly unbelievable to be happening in our modern world -- it is like another world and another time. The life experience that is represented in the book by all characters and descriptions is absolutely shocking; political corruption, personal depravity, money worship, lack of values and principles, lack of human decency and transparency, human rights extreme violations, immorality and incivility in human interactions, and many others that are otherwise worth mentioning in more detail, all of which give the impression that normal people under rather normal conditions (i.e. no wars or occupation) truly suffer in a place like that.<br /><br />Where I live I see many Indian laborers; they are not necessarily treated very well, and they're low-waged for the most part. I've always wondered why they came all the way from their homeland to take on such professions. I always said: wouldn't it have been better for them if they had stayed home? At least they'd be home!<br /><br />After reading this book, I realized this isn't entirely true. At least they have more rights abroad; they have a place to sleep, hygiene, and money of course.<br /><br />But anyway, I've seen other kinds of bad by other \\"humans\\".<br /><br />Now for the fiction part: the character of Balram Halwai. Putting aside his immorality, criminality and cynicism, he is actually a rare breed, a white tiger indeed. Though under brutal circumstances, he has developed self-respect, appreciation and value to humanity. He tried to break the vicious circle taken place in what seems to be a jungle. It is all wrong; the society that begot him and how he reacted to it - murdering his \\"master\\".  He is not excused of course, but he tried his best. And it is fiction after all.<br /><br />All in all, it has been a good read.<br /><br />Hope things get better in India and the whole world.<br /><br />Peace out.humanity. He tried to break the vicious circle taken place in what seems to be a jungle. It is all wrong; the society that begot him and how he reacted to it - murdering his \\"master\\".  He is not excused of course, but he tried his best. And it is fiction after all.    All in all, it has been a good read.     Hope things get better in India and the whole world.    Peace out.
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|Not only did the Bluray transfer look awesome, the Director's cut actually made the movie more enjoyable.    Usually, you can't tell the Director's Cut from the Theatrical Version aside from a couple of minutes here and there w/useless or extended scenes (IE - Alien), or it makes the movie drag out too long.    The Director's cut of Dark City added more sustenance to the story of the movie; it'll actually be my preferred choice when rewatching it as opposed to only watching it once and rewatching the theatrical version like most I've purchased.    This version was worth the wait, despite the special features being disappointing. (mostly interviews with professors and writers about the theories presented)
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have tried several video workout routines. I like to change things up every once in awhile and I have to say that Jillian's is one of the best I've tried. It's basic but it really works. I also enjoy her encouragement that you \\"don't get results for free\\" and \\"don't phone this in\\" makes me laugh because its true. You got to work it!
0321544080|3.0|I found this product to be average; the photographer is good, but much of the work in the book seems to be aging based on today's standards.    Beginning photographers will find the information invaluable; experienced photographers will find some use of it.  By all means, add it to your collection, but I would spend my money first on gallery books of a photographer you admire, and offer the greatest form of flattery that is attempting to reproduce the work you see.
B001RQ0SJO|4.0|had invested in the first album, and didn't question getting this one. dreamy and surreal, just what you'd expect if you have Fur and Gold. plenty of good songs and lots of meaning.
B00275EGWY|2.0|I can't really point to any glaring flaws in the movie.  It just didn't grab me.  They're a bomb disposal squad and throughout the movie they dispose of bombs.  Sometimes people die.  And they go on disposing bombs.  etc.  It did seem gritty and realistic, but also repetitive and mundane.  Just didn't seem like best picture material to me.
B002SJIO4A|4.0|This movie is a masterpiece. Neal Blomkamp has done an awesome job for it being his first movie and all. I love the plot and the way it switches between documentary style to normal style. The acting was very good and realistic. My only problem is the language. It was every where on that movie. If it didn't have as much of it as it had, I would give it five stars. Other then that it was really good. Especially on the part of the aliens.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|Yes, the \\"fringe\\" science that serves as the basic framework for this show is very off-the-wall bizarre and out-there, but...this is still a highly interesting and entertaining show. In my opinion, I think what makes this show really good are two things: 1) Throughout the entirity of season one, there is an excellent build up of mythology, conspiracy, character, and story arc that does maintain viewer interest. 2) I think that the main character, Olivia Dunham (played by Anna Torv), comes across as a person who is refreshing, capable, strong and intelligent. In the \\"Fringe\\" world, I think she is near perfect in her role as the FBI agent involved in investigating the strange events that are part of \\"The Pattern\\". Honestly, she has become a favorite character of mine and I think she is central to the reason this show is so good.<br /><br />Admittedly, you do need to suspend belief a bit to enjoy this show. I mention this because the science and the circumstances are even more \\"out-there\\" than shows like the X-Files, etc. But trust me, there's enough good story to really keep you interested. The secondary characters (Walter and Peter Bishop) are quirky, somewhat humorous at times, but they too become likable and interesting. I'll also add that Fringe is a good looking show to watch for the visuals. The scenes and effects, the whole atmosphere of the show is very appealing.<br /><br />Lastly, a fun point to remember while watching Fringe is that once you discover who the Observer is, it's fun to look for (or go back and look for) other appearances of this character in random scenes throughout season one.
B00004U8JV|5.0|This is one of the best movie I've ever seen! The plot, the acting and especially the animation were all awesome! I would really recommend this movie!
1416575464|5.0|This book finally made decorating fun and accessible for me. I was in total anguish before, and buy it as a gift for friends all the time. I especially love all the listings and resources in the back.
B000NA28I4|1.0|I am a huge fan of Eragon, it's my #1 favorite book, and I was thrilled when I heard that they were going to make a movie. I was disappointed with it. The animation was great and all, but they messed the story up big time. They skipped out a ton of stuff important to the story! Like Orik and Joed (I think thats how you spell it.)! Also the acting wasn't to great. Except for Jeremy Irons. I would rate this movie as half a star, but unfortunately Amazon won't let you. Somebody needs to totally remake this film!
0767903374|4.0|I have always realised that HSP's have the highest creativity, highest regard for humanity and nature.  I have always enjoyed being a HSP even though it has been a slight handicap i.e. I have no tolerance for fakeness and show and social life slightly hindered.  But if you are a HSP it's really a gift to live this rich, fertile emotional and spiritual life.
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|OUTSTANDING...FUNNY...BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT,...A MUST SEE MOVIE!!!<br />Yes I know I am shouting but is was GREAT!!!
0786868724|5.0|Almost sounds like a common \\"priest, minister, rabbi joke\\" but while often very amusing, this powerful little book talks about the power of \\"faith\\" (and I do not mean faith in god necessarily) to change lives and touch hearts! Two great life stories. Two different paths. One shared goal : to be a compassionate presence among the poor and powerless.    I don't usually care for \\"inspirational\\" books. This is so much more than inspirational.    Wonderful and moving! You must read this book!
0060594888|5.0|this is a great book. jack canfield is feel of great ideas in getting where you want to be
1591843162|5.0|In reading this book, I found that many of the philosophies that I have believed in is echoed by Seth's words and stories.  If you want to understand how to survive in a post-Corporateland world - Seth's book is an inspirational how-to for you.
B002OFWG7O|3.0|In my opinion all the GH of each band or singers give the possibility to open a discussion. \\"FF GH\\" is a good choice of purchase with a plus of a range of videos but with the CD you feel that would be better.
B002WCLG48|4.0|Bottom Line: This is a pretty good Anime title, even if you don't know anything about Halo.    This DVD anthology centers around the Halo Universe, the first two films serving as a Halo primer of sorts, laying out the entire story line. The animation is very good, my favorite short story is the third one, called Duel, which is told from the alien's point of view. \\"Be Human\\" is probably the second best story of the bunch, about a marine's crisis of conscience during a heavy battle.    All in all, there will be something in this DVD for everybody. I'm a big anime fan, so the style of animation used in these films is a plus for me. Time and effort was spent to make these short films and it shows.     Containing both quality and quantity, Halo Legends is worth your time and money.
B000AMJG4Y|5.0|Without a doubt, the modern pinnacle of CG animation (and not that cutesy Pixar foolishness) fantasy/swordplay fiction, and mindblowing direction by Tetsuya Nomura, not to mention one of the greatest soundtracks of all films by Nobuo Uematsu.  The second disc was pleasing, but could've had some more features.  One of my personal favorite films.  Beautiful rendering, scenery, effects, and characters.  The characters in particular have recieved make-overs from the game versions, and the new looks are well done and easy to accept.  Good story, excellant cinematic scenes, with a climactic end-battle that will have you bowing to the magic picture box in your living room.  Top notch.
B002XMGGK6|4.0|Gerard Butler makes for a very convincing villian in this little hyped thriller, \\"Law Abiding Citizen\\". Butler plays a Father whose family is brutally murdered. He goes on a very deliberate rampage against the deal-making District Attorney, played by Jamie Fox, who let one of the murderers off.     The plot revolves around the cat and mouse game between the D.A. and the killer, who starts to wipe out every one who was involved with the murder of his family. The twist is that the killer is locked up in jail, arrested for the murder of the killers of his family. How is he killing from a jail cell and who is helping him are the big questions in the film.    The movie is basically a locked door mystery. but it is entertaining although somewhat predictable. I was one of the few people who wanted to see this film while it was playing in a theatre, but that time period was only a few weeks. It seems like the movie studio had no faith in this film, which was a mistake in my opinion. I've seen alot worse, Law Abiding Citizen is worth seeing.
B002UZCJP2|2.0|The most frustrating thing about this story is that all humans have lost their humanity and it's wasted a beautiful concept for a movie by asking us to believe that all humans would really live their entire lives through a robot without considering the obvious drawbacks of such a lifestyle.  The moral grounds make this interesting at first, but then I'm thinking, come on!  Do I need to be blunted over the head with the message that living your life through a robot is bad?  If this script had some restraint and wove a more intricate tale of the mystery behind the murders then it could have been very good.  But what we have is an obvious morality tale with a redundant message and a murder mystery with a very unsatisfying resolution.  Visual effects were good.  I like to escape in sci-fi movies like these, but not when they depict all of humanity gone way stupid over technology.  Give me a break!  Ridiculous and not very thrilling either.    p.s. Bad cliche character with the fat computer-guy also. (Seen this character in Transformers and Live Free or Die Hard.)
1401323820|5.0|I loved this book. I really could not put it down once I started - I read well into the night.
0446677450|5.0|I bought this book for my husband and he says it is a must read. I am not one to read fincial success books but this one is more like a story being told about someones life and what they did to achieve success. It is an easy read and easy to follow. I would recommend this book who needs a little help with their finances.
B0012GVKW8|1.0|While the movie is great I do not recommend the Blue Ray version.  I have the movie Predator on DVD and thought the Blue Ray version would be a great improvement and also have extras.  I was disappointed on both points.  The vidio quality has no discernable improvement over the DVD and there are no extras (deleted scenes, actor commentaries etc.).  I would not recommend this Blue Ray.  After watching it once I gave it away.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|The Celtic Woman music group is one of the most gifted out there! Some groups have a great debut album, but the next ones are a let down - not Celtic Woman! Each of their cd's is at least as good as the one before it. Chloe's voice has developed gorgeously since the earlier albums. Alex and Lynn are a delightful addition to the group. Lisa and Miread are still as perfect as always. There's nothing not to love about this cd!<br />\\"Isle of Hope\\" and \\"O America\\" moved me to tears.<br />You will not regret buying this amazing album!
B002T9H2ME|4.0|I've decided after switching to bluray to limit the amount of movies I purchase, not because blurays cost more, but because of the 200 plus dvd's I own.  So I bought Moon because I wanted a movie that I thought would have good acting (it does), good dialog (check), and a story that really drives the movie.  Moon will not blow you away with it's special effect's or cgi, it will keep you watching because Sam Rockwell does a superb job in this role.<br />Buy it or rent is  you won't be dissatisfied with this movie, especially with 1080.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This will be a brief review.      I have seen the 3D version twice and the 2D version once.  I first saw the 3D version to make sure it would be appropriate to take the kids and was stunned by how good it looked!  Definitely the current state of the art in 3D.  But you can read all about how good it is in 3D from others here.    However, like everyone else, I have 2D at home and wanted to see how good it would be when I finally bought it for viewing on my 72\\" Samsung DLP.  Wow!  What a disappointment!      From what I could see, Cameron appears to have taken one of the \\"eyes\\" (video channels) of the 3D version before they did the color, etc. enhancements and sent it directly to film.  The colors were washed out (almost pastel) and the film was very \\"soft\\", almost blurry (I even had the projectionist check the focus, and it was \\"in focus\\" from the projector).  Compared to a 2D visual stunner like the \\"Star Trek\\" reboot, this was almost like watching a standard definition animation.  UGH!  And don't get me started on the horrible 24 fps judder during the many action sequences (compared to the 72fps PER EYE, 144fps total of the theatrical 3D version)!    IMO, if this film had been released only in 2D, with this level of \\"fit and finish\\", it would have been a horribly expensive flop.  I truly hope that Cameron and company do a proper job in finishing it for a 2D blu-ray before its release (and put in the additional 40 minutes he wanted, but was left on the cutting room floor) or they won't be able to give it away.    OK, here is the short version of this review:  Run, don't walk, to your nearest theater and see it in 3D!  If you saw it in 2D and liked it, you will LOVE it in 3D!  Skip the 2D version until they properly process it (hopefully) for the 2D blu-ray release!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I love this show.  I tuned in religiously and pre-ordered the season one dvd before it had even come out.  This really is a great, smart television show.  My whole workplace is hooked on this show now, even though many were skeptical because of the whole vampire genre.  This is so much more than a paranormal romance show though.  It's clever, sexy, and relevant and filled with dark humor and sobering dramatic scenes, balancing the two extremely well.  If you've never seen an episode of this series simply because you don't think you'd like it because it's about vampires, I beg you to give it a shot.  It's about prejudices, society, relationships, and so much more than sucking blood.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|I bought this CD for the following reasons:    Glasgow Love Theme  Christmas is all around us - Billy Mack  All I want for Christmas is you - Olivia Olson.    I had all of the other songs that I wanted, but these songs were not available elsewhere.    I put together a Christmas CD each year and these songs became part of my Christmas CD compilation.    Great Music!
B000AARKO4|5.0|I love this film and have watched it several times.  The purchase arrived ahead of schedule and the quality and price were excellent.
B00275EGX8|5.0|Being a veteran of Iraq I will say I felt like I was back, in a good way. I really appreciate the realism, also I really enjoyed the plot. Great movie, great actors.
1402528140|5.0|If you want a historical fiction view of the Middle Ages, this is perfect. While cassette tapes are rarely used, these arrived in perfect condition. The sound is excellent.
B002SF9YUM|5.0|Honestly, I was really only interested in seeing the movie because I think Robert Pattinson is a great actor, but after seeing it, I have to admit that not only is his performance great, but the storyline itself is very moving. It was a great movie!!!
044661758X|5.0|Loved the first one.  Thought the second book was better than the first.  Now CONCRETE BLOND, best of the three!! These Harry Bosch books are old but certainly not outdated.  Great stories with outstanding characters.  Bosch is some detective.  This book deals with events four years back and now.  A serial killer named the Dollmaker shot dead by Harry is back killing again and Harry is being sued for the Dollmaker's death.  Great court room drama and police work.  Very HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  On to book #4.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I would watch this show when I was in High School, hopefully catching a new episode instead of the 4 or 5 that MTV showed over and over again.  I tried watching it on the N but I felt weird watching a pre-teen channel and it really annoyed me how it was edited, and not very well I might add, when characters lips are moving and no words come out you know it's edited.  So, years later I realize I really like this show that I think I've seen a total of 10 episodes.  Needless to say I was shocked to find out there are 65 plus two movies.  I have a lot of catching up to do on May 11, 2010.  I'm rating the show not the DVD set, so it might come out and be total garbage, worst case scenario edited for pre-teens.  I'm not 100% sure if you can change ratings or not but if they screw it up I'll try the day after it gets on my doorstep.  Maybe a few days depending on how long it takes me to watch 8 DVDs.  17-2-12 update.  Well, at first I didn't want to get this because of the music thing and downloaded a complete version.  That kept me happy for a while but the audio was horrible and this finally got cheap so I got it.  The quality is good and the missing music is sad but it is still Daria.  The price now is bearable, it having no included booklet and weak extras caused it to be over priced when it came out.  Eh, I like it, the quality is much much better than anything I have found on the web so I'm happy and recommend it.
B000BTJDG2|5.0|Frightening, terrifying, and worst of all realistic: The Exorcism of Emily Rose, will with no doubt, raise many questions as to why and what if, due to its disturbing realistic content. Many people that saw the movie compared it at one point with the original Exorcist, only thing is the latter is fiction (heads turning is impossible, much more if you're still alive after that) and the former will make you think about the subject each time it will be touched. A very well told story based on true events regarding poor Emily Rose being possessed by not one but by seven demons, and what follows after the possession is torturous and tormenting occurrences and visions from Emily Rose herself and the people that surrounded her during her demoniac control.<br /><br />What creates a bigger debate on this movie is how it was willing to be managed after the tenure had occurred in a court room. Was it the unexplainable that killed Emily or did she suffered from a disease medically acknowledged outside of the paranormal and yet ignored by her priest and exorcist? The film obviously will take side on the religious behalf but many people that I know considered that Emily Rose suffered from epilepsy instead. You be the judge.<br /><br />Beware; this movie will somehow haunt you after viewing it.
B00004RF8J|4.0|Such a great movie/musical as \\"Little Shop\\" is essential to any movie collection. The movie is hilarious, fun, and a classic throwback to the over-th-top movies of the 80's. An absolute must see for the whole family!
1552091090|5.0|A book about the passage of time, in which the baby is held and rocked by his mother and she sings to him, \\"I'll love you forever, I'll love you for always, As long as I'm living my baby you'll be.\\" The baby turns into a toddler and does things that toddler to to drive a mother crazy, and then he is a young boy of 9 he does the things young boys do and his mother sometimes felt like she'd like to sell him to the zoo. When he became a teen and did the things teens do, she felt like she was in a zoo! But all through those years, she would go into his room when he was sleeping to rock him and sing the song, even when he was all grown up and living on his own. Eventually the boy is the one taking care of his mother when she becomes old and sick and sings the song to her. In the end, he goes home to sing it to his baby and rock her.     I know some reviewers find it creepy that the mother drives in the night and puts a ladder up and rocks her adult son, but I think it's actually just her remembering rocking him when he's young and showing that she still, as all moms do in a way, thinks of him as her baby.    The illustrations are very, very good and aptly convey all the words of the book. This is a must-have for all mothers and their sons.
B001TMVN68|4.0|I thought the premise was an interesting one.  The story wasn't great, but I was able to enjoy the story.  Sorry, it has been a while since I read the book.  I've kept the link in my Inbox for awhile with the plan to do a detailed review, but now I'm only reviewing this product to clear my Inbox.
B002T9H2LA|2.0|This movie has some hope but hopelessly nosedives.    The American parts with Brad Pitt I think really bring this film down, the French and German language parts are so-so stylishly, sometimes good, I would have thought slightly the \\"Basterds\\" themselves are a bit like the Dirty Dozen or even Sgt. Fury comics from Marvel because obviously history is tossed to the wind though to carry out a hit on the top officers of the Reich I find no problem with in a twist of history but see 'Valkyrie' though, there Hitler looked authentic, this Hitler was obviously a bit of a caricature. Definitely at times, this movie is a bit like a war comic.  The Basterds themselves really do take a page out of the Dirty Dozen movie in the way it is similar to the 'Dozen' being a sort of special operations unit made of some specific group, the 'Dozen' were prisoners, these guys were Jewish. The movie has merit in being watched but is too flawed to be better than 3 stars.    The use of the French and German language I think is effective but then it turns around and is less factual than a comic book. What gives?
B001FB5634|5.0|Most adapted screenplays are a shortened version of the original work, the successful screenwriter having found the shorter story that is the cinematic story; or they are a restatement of the original work that shifts the perspective. \\"The Road\\" was a short enough book to allow a direct, nearly page-for-page adaptation without yielding a four-hour film. A direct adaptation is what screenwriter Joe Penhall and director John Hillcoat accomplished. This transition from page to screen without any retreat from Cormac McCarthy's presentation of sheer and utter survival is remarkable. It's also curious, in that the screen story is a bit more hopeful, or at least slightly less grim, than the book.    As I read \\"The Road\\" I had to push myself emotionally to finish the book - I found the story and McCarthy's writing to be that compelling, and therefore emotionally enervating. I wondered very seriously if I could watch the movie. At a friend's urging I did go, and I'm glad I did.    The story, in short, is a man and his son making their way south by foot, following roads indicated on a tattered road map. The two have already begun their trek as the story begins, after surviving a decade living in this post-apocalyptic world. As in the book, the viewer is made to wonder how long he or she would spend every waking minute just surviving and nothing else, and by just surviving I mean finding a way to continue the metabolism of your body, and nothing more. No joy, no civilization. Would that endless struggle be worth willing oneself to use each conscious moment to do nothing but get to the next?    Vigo Mortensen and Kodi Smit-McPhee make an unforgettable team as a father devoted in complete selflessness to his son, and as a boy who, at the age of ten or so - having had no developmental childhood, having barely even seen another child in his life - lives at many ages. As expressed a little more explicitly in the book, the boy is virtually the only reason the man continues. That, and the tiny joys and happiness that, in fact, do emerge, if only in cruel sparseness. Those, and the civilization one can keep within oneself, or between two. The fire.    I am not a religious person at all, but neither have I ever thought life to be simply an equation. And so by the final scene I did hold the man, the boy and the rescuing family at a higher level than the man's wife, and the various unknown suicides displayed along the journey. Even under the best of circumstances, everything across history and pre-history has always depended on those who go on anyway, regardless, even when how to go on is unknown, maybe unknowable. Within immeasurable misery, perhaps moving ahead of Death until circumstances beyond your body and mind and will say otherwise is better - has meaning - than inviting Death to overtake you. This effort allows the whole to be greater than the sum. Maybe within the gap between the mere sum and the greater whole is the point of it all.
0307155102|5.0|My brother and I loved this book as kids, and I could not wait to buy it for my kids and his. You can just stare at the pages forever.  It has so much vocab.  I still don't know all the words.
B001BKVWYG|5.0|Yup... Everything, everyone is saying about Rodriguez in S.A is 100% true.    If you did'nt own a copy of Cold Fact, you could bet a mate would have it to loan.  We all grew up thinking that he was just as much 'god' as were the contemporaries of the period.  At a time when S.A was still very conservative,(television only arrived 1976) it was refreshing to be able to 'let down your hair' and feel personal liberation backed up by his life soundtrack.  It wasn't well known, but up to a stage, South Africa was the ONLY country printing his music for international export. This was and still is just such an easy listening release free of any tension.   It is still able to transcends me back to the 'feel' of the 70's when I want to escape the jungle of today.   I hold his (few) releases in my massive music collection as highly sacred.  May he become immortalised in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame one fine day,  if not, he certainly resides in a special place in the hearts of may people for sure.  If you grew up In S.A, you'll know what I mean...  If there was a 10-star rating available, I'de give it to the man.
B001AQTWF2|5.0|Plus 14 (Fourteen) #1 Billboard Singles! and 14 Top 10 Billboard Singles! GOLD & PLATINUM Albums...Holds the title for the most awards received by a Female Artist!...I think it's safe to say WHITNEY HOUSTON HAS COVERED SOME GROUND!!! This new album is just another added feather in her cap. Yes!, It sports a somewhat 'New' sound, but it's still ALL WHITNEY. Enjoyable from start to finish! Not a bad song to be found, but like several other reviews and critics have said...If you're lookin' for the old sound of Whitney Houston, you won't find it on this new album, but if you're lookin' for the Whitney Houston of today you'll be very pleased! Radio is playing no less than 4 (Four) to 5 (Five) cuts from one of the Most-Welcomed-Return albums of 2009!
0061478784|5.0|This book is great! I saw the movie before I read the book. The movie is amazing (if you haven't seen it) and the book is even more amazing. I couldn't put it down. You receive so much more of the story through the book and you understand so much more of Howl and Sophie. Read this book if you love the movie. Again, great book.
B0000C3IDN|5.0|As with ALL of her previous releases, there's always gonna be some unique and/or funky grooves that Erykah Badu is known for! This Album is no exception...Every Cut is a winner! This album includes the Radio/Album favorite \\"Back In The Day\\".
0691142165|1.0|Useless Kindle pricing.  There are numerous similar books at less than half the price.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|First of all I am not a native english speaker, nor am I a good reader. but I have decided I should start reading now that I have bought a kindle. Dear John was my first novel to read and OMG! what a great Novel, Heart breaking, romantic, you will fall in love with it!   I am reading another Novel now but it still didn't fascinate me as Dear John! If you're into romantic novels you MUST read this one!
B002XTBE6K|5.0|Watch it you'll love it.  One of the best adaptations to date, lots of back fill, terrific acting, and great choices for the roles. This version made me see parts of a well loved story in a different light. Previously, I hadn't given much thought to some of the supporting characters, I just enjoyed them at face value. This adaptation has me seeing layers to them and how the past has carved their personalities. I also like that the sillier characters aren't played over the top, as so often happens. There is only one scene I feel was badly done and it's the scene where Emma goes to break the engagement so that she can continue to care for her father, it just felt like too big of a transition, it just kind of came out of no where. Other than that one scene the rest of the movie is fabulous.         Don't know how long this will last but at least for now, you can go to the PBS web site and see the whole thing for free. I tried to add the link but amazon took it out...can't really blame them.
B001DTPZNY|5.0|As someone who was an adult when RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK was released, I don't have the problem with this film that many of the \\"haters\\" have. It's certainly better on the whole than LAST CRUSADE was, which suffered from a lackluster first half, in my opinion. KOTCS is a fun romp through Eisenhower-era America, as Indy tracks down the truth behind the legend of \\"ancient astronauts.\\"
0374530718|3.0|Jostein Gaardner tries to teach readers about philosophy through his book Sophie's World. He uses a young 15-year-old fictional character named Sophie and a mysterious philosopher to appeal to readers.         Gaardner is a Norwegian intellectual and a human rights activist. His anomalous writing technique, writing about difficult topics from the perspective of children, has appealed to many teens and even adults all around the world. Sophie's World, The Ringmaster's Daughter, and many other books by Gaardner were written in this way. By doing this, the challenging topics are more easily understood. However, Sophie's World was not as comprehensible as it was portrayed to be.          The book has advanced side vocabulary that makes it a little harder to understand if the reader is not familiar with \\"big\\" words. This can also be a positive thing for people wanting to learn new words. The book is a page-turner except for the long parts in a chapter that are purely about philosophy. These parts in the book can be compared to \\"long talking parts\\" in an action movie. This for some people can be frustrating. This book is better for people that are more advanced in reading and English.        A reader does not necessarily have to know anything about philosophy to be intrigued by this book. Sophie's World teaches readers about philosophy by discussing Socrates, Plato, Athens and other philosophers. There are a lot of good quotes a reader can get from this book. Even life lessons are taught, which can help a reader in the future. On the other hand the book has a bizarre story plot that can be weird in a good way and bad. A good way is the story's eccentricity is entertaining because of it being in a perspective of a young girl, in a parallel universe, with a mystery philosopher man. The bad way, is because the book may be superfluous and cause boredom for some readers.       Gaardner made the book in a way that the reader walks away knowing a little more about philosophy and they may also have a different outlook on life's big questions. If a reader can get past the long philosophy filled parts, the book is excellent.
B0026P3G12|4.0|Count me among the millions who viewed Susan Boyle's U-tube debut.  I was happy to spend the $ to assist her success with her first CD.  I especially loved her rendition of Cry Me A River....she continues to be a delightful surprise!
B00144VBBS|5.0|This is a great compilation.  You rarely find a CD with so many hit songs.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|My daughter practically had to drag me out of the house to see Avatar.  I usually insist on waiting to watch movies at home on my 42\\" TV because movie theaters and I do not get along.  Can't stand the dirt, the crowds, the over-priced snacks, the deafening sound systems, etc...  I'm seventy years old, and entitled to my crankiness...<br /><br />When we got to the theater, we discovered that their 3-D projector was under repair.  My daughter was disappointed that I'd be unable to experience Avatar that way,  but I wasn't looking forward to wearing weird glasses for hours because....  Well, you recall that seventy-year-old thing...  Not seeing it in 3-D turns out to be a REALLY GOOD THING!  Why?  because now I have a good excuse to go see Avatar AGAIN!!<br /><br />Other reviewers have said just about all that needs to be said of the magnificent and groundbreaking qualities of this film, so I won't trouble to go there again.  Instead, I will tell you of my personal reactions and thoughts.<br /><br />1.  Avatar is a visual feast.  The details of the world and the creatures in it are amazing, and simply beautiful.  It made me recall watching \\"Planet Earth,\\" but this was an imaginary world of wonders created by a human mind. The sheer glory of the planet and it's people took my breath away, brought tears to my eyes, and gave me what I call \\"beauty-shivers.\\"<br /><br />2.  The oneness of all things, as expressed so beautifully in Avatar, is a truth that does apply to any ecosystem, as we are discovering the hard way right now.  The religion of the people of the world in the film simply expresses gratitude to their deity, and puts into action their recognition that no creature can make a move that doesn't effect all other creatures through interdependence and interconnectedness.  As it is said, all energy is borrowed.  This same gratitude and recognition is very common in the philosophies of our world.  While watching the film, I found myself thinking repeatedly of St. Francis of Assisi, who even carried a worm across the road so it wouldn't get hurt.  Ditto Gandhi.<br /><br />3.  There is reason to hope that Avatar will encourage people to be kind to each other and to the world.  Tree-huggers and ecologists, arise!!<br /><br />4.  At the end, the scientist and the awe-struck child are the same being.  We should quit acting as though that isn't true.<br /><br />5.  The Wizard of Oz, Gone With the Wind, Cinderella, King Kong, and Titanic have been pushed down a notch on the list.  Avatar is now number one.<br /><br />6.  I can't believe Avatar was around three hours long!  My (seventy-year-old) bones can't usually sit in one position that long, but today I had an out-of-body experience at the theater. Great story!<br /><br />7.  AVATAR MUST BE SEEN ON THE BIG SCREEN!  Then buy the DVD or Blu-Ray as a memento.  That's what I'm going to do.<br /><br />8.  The comparison others have made between Avatar with Dances and Wolves makes sense on a very superficial level, but Avatar outweighs all competition by a huge distance because of its depth and amazing creativity.<br /><br />9.  Anne McCaffrey[[ASIN:0345340248 The Dragonriders of Pern]]<br /><br />10. Poul Anderson [[ASIN:1886778752 Call Me Joe (The Collected Short Works of Poul Anderson)]]<br /><br />11.  I'm glad I got to live long enough to see this movie.  Thank you, dear daughter, for using force to budge me out of my recliner this afternoon.<br /><br />Okay, now who can I get to go with me to the 3-D IMAX version?  I can hardly wait!!!d a worm across the road so it wouldn't get hurt.  Ditto Gandhi.    3.  There is reason to hope that Avatar will encourage people to be kind to each other and to the world.  Tree-huggers and ecologists, arise!!    4.  At the end, the scientist and the awe-struck child are the same being.  We should quit acting as though that isn't true.    5.  The Wizard of Oz, Gone With the Wind, Cinderella, King Kong, and Titanic have been pushed down a notch on the list.  Avatar is now number one.    6.  I can't believe Avatar was around three hours long!  My (seventy-year-old) bones can't usually sit in one position that long, but today I had an out-of-body experience at the theater. Great story!    7.  AVATAR MUST BE SEEN ON THE BIG SCREEN!  Then buy the DVD or Blu-Ray as a memento.  That's what I'm going to do.    8.  The comparison others have made between Avatar with Dances and Wolves makes sense on a very superficial level, but Avatar outweighs all competition by a huge distance because of its depth and amazing creativity.    9.  Anne McCaffrey[[ASIN:0345340248 The Dragonriders of Pern]]    10. Poul Anderson [[ASIN:1886778752 Call Me Joe (The Collected Short Works of Poul Anderson)]]    11.  I'm glad I got to live long enough to see this movie.  Thank you, dear daughter, for using force to budge me out of my recliner this afternoon.    Okay, now who can I get to go with me to the 3-D IMAX version?  I can hardly wait!!!
B000G6R7B8|4.0|Since there seems to be some confusion in the reviews over accuracy and power reserve, I'll try to do a quick explanation of what this watch is... An Automatic (winding) mechanism is a traditional mechanical (clockwork) watch.  It is powered by a spring which is wound by the movement of your arm, and only has a reserve of 36-40 hours meaning that in order to keep it ticking you need to wear it just about every day.    Also, the time is kept by a precision weighted balance wheel rather than a quartz crystal, it will not be as accurate as a $4.99 digital watch.  This watch will probably gain 5-10 seconds per day (Although it is possible to have the mechanism adjusted to improve it a little)...     If this is the case, why buy or wear an automatic watch instead of a quartz watch?...  The answer is because of those intangible factors, somehow a mechanical watch has more soul than a quartz, you can feel the automatic winder moving on your wrist, it's more of a symbiotic relationship, a quartz watch can be put in a draw and it will run for years, while an automatic needs you as much as you need it.  There's a certain satisfaction in the mechanical mechanism for those with some mechanical sympathy.    There is another up side to a watch like this too... if you put a quartz watch in a draw for a couple of years, the battery will be dead and it will be useless when you need it most, an automatic will have stopped... but it will be running again a few minutes after you start to wear it, and I suppose in extreme situations they would be EMP proof too :)    I wear an automatic watch every day, and I gladly accept somewhat less accuracy to have something less soulless than your typical quartz watch.
B000002AZ8|4.0|Eight great songs, two mediocre (Whipping, Satan's Bed) and four utter pieces of garbage they should be embarrassed to record (Pry, To, Bugs, Aye Davanita and Stupid Mop).  Why not just put together 10 or 11 really good songs with no filler?  This is still a classic album I guess, but it also marks the beginning of Pearl Jam 's downward spiral.
0525478183|5.0|As fast and funny as \\"An Abundance of Katherines,\\" Green's \\"Paper Towns\\" adds an element of danger and mystery.  Quentin Jacobson's next-door-neighbor and childhood friend, Margo, suddenly re-establishes contact with him after several years of the two of them running in different circles at school.  Then, she just as suddenly disappears.  Convinced that Margo has left clues for Quentin to follow her, he and his smart, geeky sidekicks are off on an adventure to find Margo before the clues go cold.  Fans of John Green will be delighted with \\"Paper Towns.\\"
0142405809|5.0|No matter how small you are, you can still make a difference! What a great message for small children!
B000PKX2KA|5.0|This Little GPS is the best I have used for the money. If I boot up with it attached by the time I open streets and trips it is synced up and ready.
B00005Q4CS|5.0|For most people who have ever considered trying harder drugs, such as speed or heroin, this movie will probably change their minds completely. Not that the movie is simply an anti-drug statement. It's so much more than that. Requiem For A Dream is an outstanding film, with interesting characters and an intricate, if not ultimately desolate, storyline. That being said, it is not something to watch with your family, or even some of your friends. It's disturbing, depressing, and will probably give you nightmares.     The film-making is unique, especially in the scenes where the characters are using. You never see any of the characters actually injecting, I think, but the series of shots shown instead are just as intimate. I found it fascinating. The acting is great; I was really surprised with Jared Leto's performance. A couple years back, I was really into 30S2M. Eventually I noticed he had small parts in both Fight Club and American Psycho (two of my favorite films), but neither of the performances really displays his talent like Requiem For A Dream. Throughout the film, you see his life slowly deteriorate, and it's painful to watch. In fact, this whole movie is painful to watch.     The emotions this movie brought out in me are hard to describe. I was really moved by this film, it was unlike anything I've ever seen before. If you've ever suffered with an addiction, I think this film will appeal to you. It describes the misery of so many people around the world, and it does so with style. The ending is horrific, and if you don't lay awake after it, I worry about your sanity. Requiem For A Dream will undoubtably haunt me forever.    Fortunately, in my opinion, those kind of films are the best. If you haven't seen it, I dare you. Prepare to be shocked.
0307269981|5.0|Just as good, if not better, that his first novel.  Looking forward to his third and last book.
0316001821|2.0|Without giving away the story, I just have to say the main points about this book that I think are disappointing lie in the erratic jumping around in the story and the ending.  While many criticize the story itself because of the happy family or the violence of the book, I was able to get around that, but not the other issues.  And actually, I didn't think the book was really that violent.    First, while I commend the writer for trying something new and unique, the overall writing is what started to get me.  The story is narrated by the 14 year old girl, and often jumps from her talking about something happening now to memories of the past.  After awhile this starts to get old and can be difficult at times to follow.  I had to stop a couple times and reread a paragraph to figure out if what she was saying was now or then.  The reading isn't difficult, it's just the constant reminiscing that gets irritating.    Second, and this is why I gave the book 2 stars rather then 3, I felt the end was rather empty.  There is no real resolution, no climax.  From the beginning you feel like you are reading the book backwards, and the question becomes \\"why would someone want to read the whole book if you already know who killed her?\\"  I hoped there would be some climax in the book and suddenly it would become a page turner, like it sort of was in the beginning, but there never was.  There are several questions to be answered that never were.  I don't want to go into detail because I don't want to give anything away, but I felt the ending lacked a lot.  Sure, there is a little summary for the main characters, but for me that just isn't enough.  And some of the characters I just didn't care about, like the mother and grandmother for example.  I suppose maybe I expected too much because I'm used to reading books like Harry Potter and Narnia, as well as Edgar Allan Poe and the original Grimm brothers' stories.    While the book wasn't horrible, I simply wouldn't recommend it.  If itwas based off of a true story I could see how there would be unanswered questions, but since it is fiction, there should have been more of an ending.  Without it, the book truly does feel backwards.
B000002HHB|5.0|Many fans of 10,000 MANIACS older albums (IN MY TRIBE and earlier) might not like this album but for my tastes, it is a jewel of a release.     Natalie Merchant left the band in 1993 to pursue more musical freedom as her lyrical interests were growing increasingly divisive from that of some of her band mates musical styles. In fact, some band members groused mightily during the recording and subsequent release of BLIND MAN'S ZOO thus requiring OUR TIME IN EDEN to be more akin to IN MY TRIBE rather than its predecessor.    As Natalie's musical interests grow and her desire for more and more sociologically relevant of song lyrics, her voice also finds its maturity. No longer the teen angel of her earliest works and the bouyant beauty of IN MY TRIBE and even BLIND MAN'S ZOO (found within the song TROUBLE ME), Natalie's voice grows deeper and a tad coarse at times, as the song requires.    The music themselves are played in distinctly different fundamental keys than many of her 10,000 MANIACS recordings and the instrumentation itself involves significant diversity from song to song while remaining true to the core of the album. The sharp tones and electronic experimentation of which the MANIACS were renowned, is distinctly absent.     However, fans of Ms. Merchant's vision would find this album to be a magnificent release from a woman facing more and more of life's struggles as she passes more and more days from her youthful naivete.    JEALOUSY and WONDER are two of the more ambitious and energetic of tracks from this album. RIVER just might be the most beautiful and heartfelt of songs from her extensive repertoire. Written about the tragedy befallen of River Pheonix from an insiders perspective, the song decries the detestable media sensationalism that now permeates our society.     WHERE I GO is a sweet testimonial of a lovely lady's abandon of the everyday maladies in search of a stream where in serenity and tranquility are found.    BLIND MAN'S ZOO foreshadows Natalie's growing concer over all things corrupt in the world. OUR TIME IN EDEN draws ever clearer her longing for folk music. TIGERLILY is the embodiment of all of her elements while looking forward to the effort of OPHELIA and later MOTHERLAND (which I do not enjoy).    TIGERLILY is the maturity of a lovely young lady into a genuine wonderful women and the music within her heart. I hope you will enjoy the album as much as I do. It is a moment in her life that will never be again.
0312360266|5.0|i just got this book yesterday and i'm almost finished with it *sad face*.  kinda kicking myself for not getting the other books from the series, but this is a great story!  i'm a big fan of the twilight series so i wasn't sure if i could find something equally good to read.
B002YIHO7I|3.0|I love SADE...I think her music is timeless. However, I am disappointed with his album. Some songs have great melody and others are just really bland and have no character. I enjoyed listening to most of it but didn't really move me like her prior albums. I think there are high expectations because she's been out of the scene for so long. Just wish there felt like more substance.
B002YICN74|5.0|Nick Jonas is one talented guy. I have a teenage daughter so I am familiar with the Jonas Brothers & I actually like their music. Nick has talent that will live on through the years. If this music is emerging from him at 17, then I look forward to hearing what he writes at 25! This album is great & if you love music then this will be a joy to listen to. The music has a blues/jazz feel to it with a touch of rock. The lyrics are mature & the vocals are flawless. The band's musicianship is outstanding & adds a great vibe. It's a great blend of old & new raw talent. This album is a must have for any Jonas Brother fan & a must have for any true lovers of music.
B00328R21C|5.0|I bought this for my grandson who is 5; he put it together in no time & has a ball playing with it!  He loves it!
B001J53X9U|5.0|The best movie of the decade deserved a wonderfull setup, and this is the best I could imagine. The batpod looks amazing and the movie is marvelous. A must buy!
B0010YPTGU|3.0|This was a gift for my mother and we were a little disappointed that he had so many other people involved, it wasn't just him singing, and I thought from the description that more of the songs were in english, but the biggest issue was that it's not just him
B002C1BHIO|5.0|Why spend a ton of money on a big name brand cable when you can save some money and get the same quality. I have found no difference between this cable and the other cables I have used. The length is great for any system and gives plenty of room. The cable is sturdy and appears it will last a long time. I highly recommend!
B000VR824S|5.0|Like \\"Crossroads 2004\\" superb. Clapton so good, the musicians too Robert Cray, Buddy Guy, B.B. King, John Mayer, Vince Gill, John McLaughlin..Willie Nelson with Sheryl Crow ...Jeff Beck .. Johnny Winter..Steve Winwood... etc  What can I say: Crossroads All Stars Festival !!
0764207407|4.0|Jane Austen's classic tale of a pair of two very different sisters, and their quest to find their own true love...<br /><br />As most of you already know, I'm a huge Jane Austen fan! I've read all her books several times and never seem to tire of them. Reading Jane's writings is a bit like curling up with a cup of tea while visiting with a very dear friend. Some things are just meant to be cherished and savored.<br /><br />While I have taken the time to do a little research on Austen's life and works, I was curious about the new Insight Edition of Sense & Sensibility by Bethany House Publishers. The Insight Edition seeks to provide readers with a deeper level of understanding of Austen's world and that of her famous characters, Elinor and Marianne Dashwood. No \\"Googling\\" required.<br /><br />This recently published version provides clever trivia and tidbits which are sprinkled throughout the margins of the book. Also included is a helpful Quick Guide that acts as a key for deciphering the note's symbols, and a Questions for Conversation section that can be used for book club discussions.<br /><br />While I admit to feeling almost giddy with anticipation over this book, I found myself feeling a bit disappointed by some of the commentary. I was very interested in both the historical and cultural notations, but I really didn't care to read what felt like an overabundance of \\"opinion\\". For example, \\"Mrs. Dashwood would've loved HGTV.\\" {page 33} To me, that felt completely unnecessary. Also the flash of \\"today's society/vernacular\\" while reading a novel set during the early 1800's felt a bit jarring at times.<br /><br />However, the Insight Edition does hold many interesting bits of information that most, if not all, Jane-ites will readily appreciate. I also enjoyed the fresh new cover art, which added a lovely ambiance to this most delicious diversion. :)
0385504225|3.0|A very interesting read and definitely a page turner, however I wouldn't classify The Lost Symbol as a masterpiece.  There were many parts where the plot was quite predictable and on many, many occasions Dan Brown chose for his renon symbologist to overlook double meanings of some very simple symbols until somebody else pointed them out to him, I found these parts to be rather boring and at times frustrating.  At other times I found the brilliant scientist, Harvard University professor, senior figure at the CIA and 33rd degree Mason to be incredibly naïve, and frustratingly incompetent.  They trusted way too much in the good faith of the archetypical psychotic evil character that had already proven to be untrustworthy.  This was very serious flaw in Brown's character development and character consistency.      Although the book is a work of fiction there was also a lot of preaching on biblical teachings of Apotheosis, the importance of religious tolerance, hidden mysteries in the Bible and other ancient texts.      The insights and defenses of the Masonic order, Masonic mysteries, and the Masonic background of our forefathers were rather simple and mediocre in my opinion. I guess there is also a lot of misinformation and speculation about the Freemasons floating around out there and some people might learn something about Brown's research, but I didn't find it very enlightening.    On the points of noetic science and quantum physics I think that Dan Brown accomplished exactly what science fiction should do.  The way Brown suggested a potential transformative impact of these new or heterodox areas of science made for an entertaining and compelling read.  I am not familiar with those two areas of science so I really can't give any opinion on this subject, but he did pique my curiosity.    The biggest problem that I have with The Lost Symbol is that despite Brown's assertions regarding how people really don't understand or even try to understand the text of The Bible,he went out and committed the same mistake.  While he quoted some verses correctly and very appropriately, he also ignored many passages and many central parts of the message in the Bible.  As someone who studies The Bible daily I agreed with Brown that there are actually many parts of The Bible that people either never study or chose to overlook.  However, I think that Brown is guilty of the same mistake.  My focusing on certain select passages and overlooking others Brown seems to confuse the central message of the canonical Bible with that of Gnostic and other Apocryphal works.    Despite my generally critical review, The Lost Symbol was a tough book to put down, so I guess Dan Brown accomplished his goal as a novelist if you look solely at the entertainment value of the book.
B0000V6SOG|5.0|Craig Armstrong does it again with his magnificent work on the \\"Love Actually\\" soundtrack.  Sure, there are several excellent songs that have been gathered for this soundtrack,including classics such as \\"God Only Knows,\\" \\"Both Sides Now,\\" and Eva Cassiday's excellent cover of McVie's \\"Songbird.\\"  But be careful.  There have been at least three releases of the soundtrack.  Check the tracks very carefully to make sure you are getting the one you want.<br /><br />I say this because in my humble opinion, the most important, emotional and soulful moments of this movie were brought home by the wonderful compostions by Craig Armstrong, which appear as a trio ONLY ON THIS PARTICULAR CD, the 2007 European release of the \\"Love Actually\\" Soundtrack: \\"Glasgow Love Theme,\\" \\"PM (Prime Minister) Love Theme,\\" and the best of the set, \\"Portuguese Love Theme.\\"  Watch out - the US release only included \\"Glasgow,\\" overlooking most of the (seven or eight?) Armstrong compositions that were so important to the impact of this film.<br /><br />As a result of hearing these wonderful orchestrations, I went back and ordered Craig Armstrong's \\"Piano\\" collection (which also contains \\"Glasgow\\"), which is also outstanding.<br /><br />For some reason, I've found many of the \\"soundtrack\\" releases from movies which contain a solid foundation of original work from a talented composer along with a selection of previously released tracks from popular artists, always seem to omit most of the original music written specifically for the movie.  As far as I know, this particular import release has as much of the Craig Armstrong music as can be found in any mainstream CD.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|With the advent of the 'Digital Copy', I can now load the movie into my ipod touch, and take it with me. This takes the step of ripping the original DVD to back up my copy for personal use out of the equation, and I don't have to feel like I'm doing something illegal. (Backing up something you have paid for, and want to last, is only prudent) This review is twofold, in that I personally really enjoyed this film. Also I want to commend Amazon for resolving an issue, literally within a minute of my complaint. First: This film is both going to tug at your heart strings, as the depth of the film reaches into the universal inevitability that we all are going to die. That we all love someone who is going to pass, and that it is a painful process. It will bring tears to your eyes. At the same time, the promise of new, different, and rewarding relationships are possible throughout life, and that all we need do, is be open to them. What a wonderful, funny, entertaining, and fulfilling story. It's colorful animation will entertain the kids, and the underlying 'grown-up' content is there for Mom and Dad. You will not be disappointed. As for the second part of my review, this deals with the professional side of Amazon, and why this company continues to be the success that it is. I ordered this film as a gift for my wife, for Valentines day. I was remiss, and found I was looking for a gift way late in the process. However! Amazon, offering Saturday, (Next day in my case) delivery would get the gift to my home, with one day to spare. This service was of course at a premium. I'm a Prime Member, and feel the service is well worth it. So I paid the $6.99 to get the item here by Saturday. As you may have surmised already, it did not make it on time. I was disappointed with Amazon, who has served me so well, for better then 12 years. The package arrived, Tuesday the 16th. With Monday being a holiday, I could understand that it did not get here then. But it was still later then promised. I found the contact by email button within the 'My Order's' portion of my account, and sent an email to Amazon, explaining my situation. I kid you not, within One Minute, they sent an email back to me, indicating that I would be receiving a refund of the $6.99 I paid, back to my MasterCard. That's customer service. Thanks Amazon. Get this movie. It really is great! :-)
B001T3GQIC|5.0|Every line of this novel feels so touching to me.. just like it is my own story..  Well I know every one's feeling is different. But this book is one of my favorite books.  I watched the movie many times and a very big fan of Hayao Miyazaki but surprisingly this book stands equal in comparison.   Even though If you might have already saw the movie I recommend that you read this book.. This is a whole different experience .  Simply I love this book..I just wonder how the author captures the heart of a woman in this book..Enjoy reading
B000002KHH|5.0|Black Sabbath's Paranoid (1970) is...well, a classic.  Really no more can be said, though I will elaborate.<br /><br />The music is hard and heavy and even mellow at times, but all eight of the tracks on this album will fit your dark moods.  The lyrics are dark and evil.  The first track to the last, it's all awesome.  Such classics as War Pigs/Luke's Wall, Paranoid, Planet Caravan, Iron Man, Electric Funeral, Hand Of Doom, Rat Salad, and Jack The Stripper/Fairies Wear Boots are songs that have stood the test of time and will continue to stand the test of time because hard rock and heavy metal will never go away.  This album (and this band for that matter) have been hugely influential to so many artists in the last four decades, even artists in other genres.<br /><br />This album is considered by many to be Black Sabbath's best album, though they do have many other great albums that can claim that title.  Personnally, it's at least my second favorite, maybe my favorite.<br /><br />If you wanna rock, buy this album.  You'll be so glad you did.  This stuff is way better than some of the stuff that's out there these days.  Trust me - you'll wear this CD out by playing it so much.
B000002GW5|5.0|With this recording Jackson Browne set the standard that all live albums can be compared to.  Released in 1977, to be honest I'd never heard of him until the final track Stay charted in the UK.  Only later did I buy this album and what an impact it had and continues to make.  I find it difficult to chose my favourite songs (not so my least favourite, Cocaine), however I particularly enjoy Shakey Town and The Load-Out which runs into Stay.  Jackson sings with heartfelt conviction and as with his studio albums the production is top class.   This is somewhere above essential.
B00110K62U|5.0|DVD was very enjoyable, well filmed for a live cncrt always beter in real life of course but great none the less.
B000L9IUPM|5.0|I ordered the Eagles video on Jan. 17, 2010 and loved it!  The only set back was not being able to receive it in the mail until Feb. 17, 2020.  Other than that complaint-you are a fool not to buy this product brand new!
B001DHXT6G|5.0|The movies arrived in excellent condition and I was amazed how good the old TV show looked.The picture was far superior to what you saw back in the late 60's
B0024FADAQ|5.0|(i'm going to write in spanish , 'cause there are many things that i don't know how to express them)<br /><br />Es una pelicula fantastica, si eres de los que espera que esta pelicula tenga efectos especiales tipo matrix, o peliculas parecidas, te decepcionara, hay muchas partes de la pelicula en donde se ven los efectos, pero aun asi, es increible el trabajo con el que realizo esta pelicula,sabiendo el a&ntilde;o en que se lanzo, y la tecnologia con que se contaba en ese tiempo.<br /><br />Recomendada! Recommended movie.
B0036EH40Q|5.0|If your a gamer you have to wonder if they timed this with Rockstar's release of the new western themed open world shooter \\"Red Dead Redemption\\"
B00008EUMA|4.0|Ok, my friend collects vinyl and I do appreciate some of the qualities about vinyl LP's.  After saying that I think they are worthless for the most part. STATIC SNAPPING POPPING and distortion in the music that vinyl lovers claim makes the music sound better. Now even you vinyl lovers please READ ON! I am not a hater of LP's but I am realistic about my music medium CD's and Records are both good I think they just sound different. Now as for this piece of vinyl it is almost PERFECT.  It is the original master tapes NOT the re-masters and it does sound superior to the original CD.  I still have one small complaint about the NOISY DISTORTIONS (sounds like staticy distortion rolling in the background). I listened to it FRESHLY opened brand new on a good record player and it sounds better that the original CD.    I buy some records and I do plan on purchasing this one and then ripping it to a high quality digital format so that a can put the record back in its case and never play it AGAIN!    I have compared many records back to back and sorry vinyl lovers some sound worse.    I have complaints about the re-mastered CD's but they do sound better than the original CD release PERIOD. I have listened to Megadeth's CD's for 20 years and I cannot listen to them anymore since the re-masters came out.    So I say this is a good purchase if you are a lover of RIP and want it to sound original but with better sound mixing with clearer definition of the instruments.    I only gave it 4 stars because of the rolling static distortion in the music, its probably the part that vinyl lovers will say is the best part!
0060989157|5.0|this book is a great book! im soo glad i decided to buy it. it just shows a complete different side to these crazy guys and the things they had to go through behind public eyes.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|i remeber a couple of years ago seeing the ad for this film and i REALLY wanted to see it. the thing is, i never have time to watch movies. i don't watch t.v. i can barely even read a novel these days; my life is simply too chaotic. however, on valentine's day i made myself slow down a bit and decided to see what was on the telley. i found this movie and was just sucked in! my fiance and i both loved it, although more me than him :) i went to target yesterday and purchased it because i HAD to add it to my collection! when i get another hour and a half of spare time, i plan on re-watching it!
B001UV4XUG|2.0|I never connected with any of the characters. The professional reviews for this movie were good, however when I want to stop watching a movie half way through this is not good. This movie is not worth two hours of your time.    Don't waste your money on this.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|sure cant beat the price...do you know what hdmi cable cost at stores?  great value, low low price, works just great. what more does one want?
B0026P3G12|4.0|I bought several copies of Susan Boyle's album \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\".  I gave them as gifts to friends.  Everyone enjoyed listening to her album.  She has a lovely voice.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I was hooked from the first episode.  It is a show that is done wonderfully with a story line that keeps you interested.  The romance in it is hot and steamy.  Even my boyfriend enjoyed watching this show!
1400052173|5.0|A compelling book I could not put down-the writing is informative about science, medical ethics, race relations, and the lives and histories of Henrietta Lacks and her family. I really liked the book, and I loved the author; her passion for her subject matter, her concerns about truth and justice, and her compassion for Henrietta and her family are so impressive.
B0025KVLU6|4.0|The Beatles albums \\"Sgt Pepper's\\" and \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\" were recorded c. 1967, a period of optimism and good humour in the band. After this material was taped, the Beatles went off to India to experience the inspiration of the Maharishi. Unfortunately, the disappointment and disillusionment they experienced in India, and the simultaneous commencement of tensions within the band, ended the \\"optimistic/psychedelic\\" feel of 1967.    This has two major effects on the White Album. First, many interesting tunes that were more in the Pepper style were suppressed and not put into the White Album. Thus, Lennon (who was the most disillusioned member of the Beatles) suppressed two masterpieces that were in a mystical/psychedelic vein, \\"Child of Nature\\" and \\"Across the Universe\\". The latter was eventually released as part of an album; the former was never released by the Beatles. Other snippets from India, like \\"Mean Mr Mustard/Polythene Pam\\" and \\"Because\\" were temporarily suppressed and passed on into later albums.    The second effect is that the Beatles began to record tunes that were in a quite different tone from their previous two albums. A lot of these tunes were sarcastic, cynical or satirical in tone. I don't particularly like this direction the Beatles were taking. They always sounded so unique; why did they have to write such a huge amount of material basically sending people up? The \\"sarcastic\\" tunes include: \\"Back in the USSR\\" (parody of the Beach Boys), \\"Glass Onion\\" (parody of the Beatles!), \\"Piggies\\" (a really crass satire of rich people), \\"Rocky Racoon\\" (parody of Dylan), \\"Sexy Sadie\\" (disguised attack on the Maharishi), \\"Yer Blues\\" (parody of British blues), and \\"Good Night\\" (parody of Broadway).    Now I happen to like Glass Onion/Sexy Sadie and most of these tunes are very good pieces of music. And I know the Beatles did a great deal of parody in other albums. However, I find something nasty and not-very-upfront about this album, so different from the earnestness of the usual Beatles fare.    Another problem I have is the effect of Paul's insistence that the Beatles should become a touring band again and should therefore restore their style to a more plain rock sound. That means that \\"White Album\\" has a minimum of in-your-face tape manipulation, studio trickery or weird electronic stuff. Another effect is that the Beatles sound is now more clashy and rock-y. Tunes affected by this (as it turns out truncated) change in direction include \\"Back in the USSR\\", \\"Yer Blues\\" and \\"Helter Skelter\\". Some rock fans applaud the more rocklike sound of this album (and \\"Let It Be\\"); I again miss the more weirdo sounds of 1967.    Having said all that, I do in fact like this album, mostly. My favourite Beatles track of all is \\"Happiness is a Warm Gun\\", a truly trippy song that consists of a medley of four apparently unrelated melodies that nevertheless seem absolutely inseperable and of one piece. (And I know it parodies doo-wop, ha ha).   I also love the misterioso bassline in \\"Dear Prudence\\", George Harrison's ode to disillusioned love in \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\", the charming \\"I Will\\", and the nicely done \\"Savoy Truffle\\". I'm even not entirely opposed to \\"Revolution 9\\", it has atmosphere.    I just wish the White Album could have avoided the cynical edge they had adopted since returning from India. Luckily they pretty much worked off this tendency by the next albums, though by that time the Beatles were a doomed \\"marriage\\".
B0000640SB|5.0|My husband wanted this movie and I had a hard time trying to find it in town.  Got it very fast and in great shape
1440471045|5.0|Actually this was a book our daughter said she needed for school (at virtually the last moment) and then wasn't available locally.  We got it from Amazon in time for the class.  We haven't read it so the value of the book itself is unknown to us, but our daughter thought it was interesting.
0316067598|3.0|The book spent a great deal of time, way too much time, describing the NAVY Seals training.  I guess I'd expected more about the actual Redwing mission in Afghanistan.    I nearly put the book down about half-way through with the intention of not finishing it because of all the Seals training narrative.  However, since I had dedicated so much time in reading through it thus far, I did finish it.      I enjoyed reading about the actual mission, and subsequent events.    The writer just spent too much time on the California side of the subject.  I have read about every book on both the Afghanistan war and the war in Iraq.  This certainly was not my favorite, and I felt the level of readability was maybe, high school aged audiences.  It certainly was not high on what I consider good quality writing.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Wow this movie is wonderful best movie ever! I could watch this a million times never get tired of it.<br />I was happy to see Leonard Nemoy in this one... It's a thrill to see this movie!!!!!!!! Well done through<br />and through...
0316666343|5.0|I had this book on my shelf for quite some time before I finally read it. I knew it was popular, but the idea of a girl talking from heaven sounded cheesy to me, so I pushed off reading it. It wasn't until I read a negative review about the movie that I decided to give it a shot. Basically, the reviewer did not like how the movie sugar-coated the rape and fluffed it up with heavenly images. It spoke so highly of the novel, that I just had to read it. And I'm glad I did.   Normally I wouldn't think I could read a book through the eyes of a girl in heaven, but Alice Sebold really made it work. She does not touch on religion much (thankfully), but rather on the lives of the people this girl has left behind, and how they are affected by their loss. Here, heaven is just a seat from which she's watching her family. I never felt the story get too sappy or emotional. Just the right amount of feeling.     It was such an amazing reading experience, that I had to get ahold of her memoir, Lucky. I've just started reading it, and it's written just as well. It's amazing that she could write about such a horrible personal experience (twice!) with such a clear head and hand.     I would recommend this book in a heartbeat, but I have no plans to ever see the movie. Hopefully people won't forego reading the book because of the film.
0307454541|1.0|I too cannot believe the hype.<br />This is truly a dreadful book full of shallow, unlikeable unbelievable characters. The plot is tortured like the victims and the dialogue so cliche ridden it almost rots on the page. I have never read a book where so many cups of coffee are brewed, smelled, sipped,or downed nor so many cigarettes shared between protagonists. Finishing it was an exercise in Swedish masochism.
B002QGUFWE|1.0|How terrible that amazon would sell this CD censored and not put a disclaimer on the package!  I am a full grown adult, I DO NOT NEED MY MUSIC CENSORED!! Shame on you Amazon for not giving us the disclaimer that the music is censored and shame on you too Lady GaGa for allowing your record label to do this! Funny, you've gotten to the point in your career where all your concerned about is money and not the fans who made you! Congrats
B000JJSRNY|5.0|This concert is an absolute gem!  Placido still in great voice and Opera's   \\"Dream couple\\"  are unbelievably stunning!  I cannot find enough superlatives to describe this concert - it is a must for any lover of Opera and voice.
0345409671|2.0|Memnoch the Devil was nothing like what I was expecting as the next installment of The Vampire Chronicles. Absolutely drenched in theological argument, Memonch the Devil is not for anyone who dislikes religion in their fiction.<br /><br />Only two things happened in this entire book. Lestat stalked a victim for the first third of the book. He then spent the last two thirds of the book talking to the devil (and occasionally God). It was written as what appeared to be an extremely long-winded interview (think Interview with the Vampire with Lestat as the interviewer).<br /><br />The basic premise of the novel and especially the detail with which Memnoch described the creation of Earth could have been enjoyable if Lestat didn't interrupt constantly with annoying and mostly pointless questions, as though reminding readers he was still there. Memnoch the Devil was dry reading and dragged along slowly. It was imaginative, but the way the story was told was extremely dull.
9113020730|5.0|I bought this book from Amazon UK because I could not wait until May. I was happy that I paid to have this book shipped from Britain. Again  I was not disappointed. There was not as much Lisbeth Salander as I would have liked. However, this book was as thrilling as the other two. It was a great conclusion to the trilogy. It is just sad that we will never again get to read more from Stieg Larsson. Larsson has secured a place for himself among the best mystery writers.
0141442468|4.0|The Picture of Dorian Gray was a quick, easy and enjoyable read. I knew the very basic premise of the story from watching the 2003 movie, The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen. I also had a lot of wrong preconceived notions because of the the movie.<br /><br />The Picture of Dorian Gray was less supernatural in nature than I expected. Other than not aging and having the picture age for him, Dorian was a regular guy. When given the opportunity to live his life without his behavior marring his beauty, he chose debauchery. I found myself thinking, who wouldn't? He tried to experience everything the world has to offer (a noble pursuit) and finds that life can become pointless without boundaries.<br /><br />Dorian's friend, Harry, is the absolute shining star of this novel. He counsels Dorian in the way of the world, full of his own theories and cynical viewpoints. He's humorous and more often than not, what he says makes a lot of sense.<br /><br />The one thing I disliked about The Picture of Dorian Gray was that it seemed like the most interesting pieces of the story were missing. Oscar Wilde was very vague about exactly why Dorian actually did in the years he spent corrupting his soul. People who were once his friends couldn't stand to be in the same room as him and no explanation was given. Perhaps in 1890, when the book was published, saying that he did vile, cruel, disgusting things was enough. Now, 120 years later, I need more. I need to know and it still bugs me that I don't know what Wilde was alluding to.
B002ZJGN96|5.0|Composing the music for Avatar is a tough job. Since the movie is so fantastical, and the main character is moving through a new world, you need a good soundtrack to draw the audience into the world. It's not enough that the plants glow, but the surrounding music has to put it together so you truly get the sense of emotion James Cameron wants you to get out of this world. Guess what folks, James Horner has done it again.<br /><br />Highlights Include:<br />Pure Spirits of the Forest<br />Becoming One Of \\"The People\\" Becoming One With Neytiri<br />Jake's First Flight<br />I See You<br /><br />Since the movie is extremely varied in the tones it wants to convey, the soundtrack is also appropriately varied. When there's spirits, the sound is chimes and toned-down synth sounds. When Jake Sully is exploring his world, it's appropriately magical and wondrous, and when the world is being destroyed, it's appropriately sad, even if it is overblown. And like his approach to Titanic, James Horner mixes in the catchy pop ballad in the credits in with the rest of the music, making it the theme of the movie. The soundtrack just has such a wide range of emotions, you may also be in awe while listening to it. In fact, for pure soundtrack fans, this reminds me a lot of the Dinosaur soundtrack, because it has a lot of the same motifs & sounds.<br /><br />But speaking of the pop ballad, how does \\"I See You\\" hold up on its own apart from the movie, which it seems to work well in? It's an appropriately schmaltzy pop ballad, that at this point almost seems like parody of itself. Sure, Leona Lewis does a good job at selling it, and the production values are specular, but there's just not that much here. But that doesn't make it insanely catchy, even when you actively avoid it. The song just has a trance quality about it, and for that, I give it credit and praise, despite its flaws. I would still argue that Adam Lambert's ballad from \\"2012\\" is still a better song quality wise though.<br /><br />Now, if there was one complaint I had about the soundtrack, it would be the fact that the tracks are too broad. Quite a few of them are over five minutes long, and they just go through such a wide range of emotions during them, it almost would have been nicer if it was a little more broken up.<br /><br />Overall, the soundtrack certainly fits the movie, and it will certainly please soundtrack fans alike the world over. For non-soundtrack fans I'm a bit unconvinced, but James Horner comes out with another winner that does its movie justice, and is just great to listen to on its own as well.<br /><br />Real Score: 4.5/5t the soundtrack, it would be the fact that the tracks are too broad. Quite a few of them are over five minutes long, and they just go through such a wide range of emotions during them, it almost would have been nicer if it was a little more broken up.     Overall, the soundtrack certainly fits the movie, and it will certainly please soundtrack fans alike the world over. For non-soundtrack fans I'm a bit unconvinced, but James Horner comes out with another winner that does its movie justice, and is just great to listen to on its own as well.     Real Score: 4.5/5
B002UZCJ8Y|4.0|This is certainly not a five star movie, but I absolutely disagree with the rash of three and below.  It is nowhere near as cool as [[ASIN:B000VNMMR0 Live Free or Die Hard (Unrated Edition)]] or [[ASIN:B00005JN0T I, Robot (Widescreen Edition)]] but no way is this a three star or below.<br /><br />Yes, a low-budget film, a little low-rent here and there, but Bruce Willis, a few great action scenes, on balance a decent script, a situation like this I would definitely go higher than lower.<br /><br />Bottom line is that the movie kept me interested and the ending totally surprised.  By all means recommended.
0061703257|5.0|I think people read far too much into this book with giving it negative reviews and all. He writes a great story, there's no doubt about that. Some people may see the end coming but the ending, i don't think was just throw together. It was meant to happen that way. It's such an intricate story line that it really makes you think when you finish it. I don't read many books more than once, especially within a six month period. Reading it a second time is possible because once you know what's going on, you read it knowing that and the story is still just as good as when you didn't know what was going on.
0439023483|5.0|Read this book! It is awesome and I'm so addicted to it!<br /><br />(There are a lot of good reviews, so not wasting my time)
0142410314|4.0|I recently read this book to my 3 year old and 2 year old. They really enjoyed it. It was a lot of fun to read aloud, since much of the book is dialogue. They have seen the newer movie many, many times, so much of the book was repetitive. They still seemed to enjoy it! The book was not much of a vocabulary builder, but certainly engaged their imaginations. I would recommend this book as a read aloud to very small children.
0385504225|5.0|I feel Dan Brown has done it once again.  The suspense, the drama,the secret code, the character of Robert Langdon is wonderful.<br /><br />I love how Dan Brown is able to give life to each character and the description of the surroundings are wonderful and very picturesque.  His lovely writing is so vivid it causes your imagination to take you there and you are caught in the middle of the suspense and camaraderie.<br /><br />I keep thinking he cannot get better as a writer but then he surprises me with the 'edge of the seat drama' that makes him such a great writer.  You will love this as I did of that I am sure.
0446569895|5.0|I just got the book and already I have laughed out loud at least 5 times. Did Ozzy actually write this?? If so, hats off to you Ozzman. So far it is great. If you are even slightly interested in Oz or his music get this.
1569242739|5.0|I've made three cupcake recipes from this book and they have all come out perfectly. The instructions are easy to follow. The icing taste great. Good book if you're just getting started with vegan baking...or any baking for that matter.
B000UX6OHK|5.0|I purchased this for myself and absolutely love it. It can be hard to find a watch with a large, easy-to-read face that is still lightweight and feminine. This is it! I love the subtle floral design.
B0001GMIOE|1.0|As mentioned by others, Vortex Cable seems to be selling counterfeit Canon batteries.  The packaging is very convincing, almost the same as Canon's, but not quite.  I ordered two batteries from Amazon (Vortex Cable) and two batteries from Adorama (after reading the most recent reviews of this item).  The holographic label on Canon's package is completely different.  The Vortex batteries fell out of the package, Canon's package must be torn apart to get to the batteries.  The labels are slightly different.  The Vortex batteries are shinier and darker, the cover does not stay on the Vortex batteries.    Buyer beware!!!!    Go to BH Photo Video or Adorama to be sure you're getting the real deal.  Had I not read carefully and ordered additional batteries from Adorama for comparison, I would have not realized I paid full price for counterfeit junk.    Update; Vortex Cable was kind enough to refund the entire purchase price plus shipping.
B001OQCV2O|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised with this movie. The political hype was kept to a minimum which was something I totally did not expect. From a religious stand-point I was expecting more as well but it was also minimal. All in all a great movie that does not try to convince you the end of the world is in 2012. Simply put, a great movie full of great action and entertainment value!
0756405890|5.0|Just love this book.  So very well written.  Great character building,love the back and forth between the present and the past.  Looking forward to his next book.
B00009AOBI|5.0|Rusty Dennis is the mother of Rocky, a seriously deformed but extremely intelligent and emotionally warm child. Rusty is a no-nonsense mother whose wild lifestyle is often at odds with her tenderness and protectiveness towards Rocky. She is determined that Rocky be given the same chances and happiness that everyone else takes for granted. The true story of Rocky Dennis (Eric Stoltz) is a heart-breaking movie that pulls absolutely no punches. Cher is excellent as Stoltz's drug-addicted mother who is so good with him, but so poor with most everyone else. Not to be missed by anyone with an interest in true life stories. Highly recommended. A triumph in storytelling.
0312427999|5.0|The Shock Doctrine is about exactly what it says, shock. It is about big business and government cashing in when countries experience turmoil such as war or natural disasters. Naomi Klein outlines major examples from the mid-twentieth century until now. If you are not current on world affairs, this book will catch you up. If you are current, you may want to read this book for the background of why current events are what and where they are. Shock Doctrine is not about relaxation and chocolate, it is about gaining knowledge about the history of our economic systems throughout the world.
B000YI68EA|5.0|I receive compliments every time I wear this watch. It is eye-catching in a very positive way. It is fun and youthful without being childish (I am a 50+ female). Mine was purchased a couple of years ago at a Swatch store at full retail price.
0156027321|5.0|Alright, I'd just like to say right off the bat, that I'm a high school student. So if you're a teacher looking for an amazing book for your kids to read with a message, then I for one...and probably at least half of the almost 2,000 people who made reviews, say that Life of Pi is the best nominee.      The story line's simple and straight-forward. Piscine a.k.a Pi Patel is a fifteen year old in Pondicherry, India. His father owns a zoo, and decides to embark on a cargo ship, with animals and all, to Canada. Half way on his family's journey, the cargo sinks, leaving poor, lonely Pi left on a lifeboat with a zebra...then a hyena...then an orangutan...and then there's Richard Parker, a Bengal tiger. And with this crew of his, Pi makes his way to land and safety, having various events happening along the way. Most importantly, due to a series of these events, only Richard Parker and Pi survive which leaves Pi to use the little resources he has to show the tiger he is dominant. All the while, Pi encounters numerous side adventures, including a blind caraway, learning to fish, and an island of glowing algae.      But this isn't just a \\"Your Survival Guide to Living at Sea\\" sort of thing. It's not even a \\"Survival Guide to Training Tigers.\\" Over all of this, it tells you how to have faith. At the beginning, Martel tells the reader that they'll believe in god by the end of the book. That's not exactly true seeing that this whole story is fiction (Even though at first it seemed so descriptive that I thought it was non-fiction). What it did do was make me want to believe; to believe in [any] god, and to believe that this story was real because it was just so eerie and magical at once. Pi himself knew the stories of three different religions and used them to keep hopeful, because if there's no hope, there's no will to live and Pi would never would have made it to Canada.      Now as I was looking at all the one-starred reviews, I realized they were mostly the same; people were saying Life of Pi was either too long and boring, or too gory. I will agree with gory, for it was, explaining in gruesome detail a death or four. As for long and boring, well maybe they aren't just ready for this level of spirituality. Some of the time, I thought it was a little stretched, too. Mostly when it came to the 227 days of sailing. But this just made the un-boring parts (like the island) even sweeter.       However, my favorite message in the whole of the book doesn't happen at sea, or in India, but rather at the end of Pi's journey. Pi is talking to a couple of Japanese messengers (that word might not be so accurate) from the company that built the cargo boat that sank. All they needed was enough information of why the boat sank, but Pi gave them much more. He told them the original story, bizarre but true. The Japanese didn't believe a word of it. Then Pi told them a false story, more rational, but far more frightening. The point is that the way we tell our stories tell of our lives, whether they be false or true.      Of course, Pi is really an irrational number, non-repeating and never-ending, fitting his story perfectly. The whole book is almost like pieces in a puzzle, but you have to read in between the lines. And because of all these elements, I'd recommend the book to anyone. The story may be irrational, but the words flow in a way that's almost rational; every word is like the reader is going one step further with Pi on his spiritual, enlightening, and uplifting story with Richard Parker.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|Michael Jackson was indeed the king of pop , his ability in my view will never be surpassed , he was extremley professional and excepted nothing but 100% perfection . Not only could he sing and entertain but his choreography especially in Thriller was to military standards . He will indeed be missed an extrodinairy.... PROFESSIONAL ENTERTAINER , the video was excellent showing behind the scenes of his commitment to perfection . THe world has lost the Greatest entertainer ever .!
0061703257|4.0|I asked some friends for suggestions of books to read and a friend suggested I read this one.  She said it was a fast read and a good story.  She was right.<br /><br />The dialogue and storyline are fast paced and I never really found any \\"slow parts\\" to stop for the night when I read it. So I read it in pretty much 2 nights.  The characters are interesting and how they were intertwined was excellently written.<br /><br />I know some people are not happy about the ending, and I wasn't thrilled at first.  But after finishing the book and giving it some thought, to end it any other way would take a LOT bigger book.  And honestly, looking back, it makes the parts up to it all more impressive in the literary sense.  Lehane really wrote a good mystery/suspense here.  It kind of reminds me of the movie The Butterfly Effect.  I didn't really care for the ending, but it ended as best it could given the story.  It didn't ruin it for me and I still like the movie and love the imagination of the writer and how well it was written.  That's how I feel about this book and the ending.<br /><br />I'm glad I read it right before the movie as having seen the trailer and knowing that Leonardo DiCaprio plays Teddy made the book all that more vivid in my mind as I read it.  Now I'm looking forward to the movie.  Will it be different?  Probably, but it's always nice to see familiar characters \\"come to life\\".
6304711905|5.0|After success cleaning up Dodge City, Wyatt Earp moves to Tombstone, Arizona, and wishes to get rich in obscurity. He meets his brothers there, as well as his old friend Doc Holliday. A band of outlaws that call themselves The Cowboys are causing problems in the region with various acts of random violence, and inevitably come into confrontation with Holliday and the Earps, which leads to a shoot-out at the OK Corral. A powerful cast is essential for a great Western, and you couldn't find a better group of actors as the Earp brothers. This is a thrill ride for anyone who loves westerns. \\"TOMBSTONE\\" is a truly a superior movie.
B000JMKNV0|4.0|My first time reading a Lehane novel.  This book is full of mystery and suspense.  Although toward the end I started to solve the riddle before the author intended.
B0011FXLCC|1.0|I purchased this album because the reviews on Amazon were straightforwardly positive. However, at first listen, I am utterly diappointed. I disagree with anyone comparing this album to some kind of return to a \\"Felt Mountain\\" context: this album is completely different from their debut, which in my opinion was a breakthrough album, and has remained unsurpassed in this author's catalog.    There are some nice melodies and sing-alongs, but gone is the aura generated by Felt Mountain.     Their other albums are Madonna-wannabes, which for this original British duo, is a definitely a step-back.    I'm not an eager fan, but Felt Mountain gave the impression they could so much better, but it seems they've done so much worse...
B002P5XXR0|5.0|Saw the movie and had to have the music.  Great just to listen or run to.
B002Y5FKUE|5.0|I'd like to start this review with a caveat: keep in mind that all these reviews are personal opinions.  You, as the potential buyer, may not necessarily like what I like.  I've purchased 40+ operas from Amazon, and I'm not always in agreement with what the reviews claim.  This is particularly true of this production of La Sonnambula.<br /><br />As for the singers, Juan Diego Fl&oacute;rez and Natalie Dessay are, of course, outstanding.  Dessay's sleepwalking scene in act II will bring tears to your eyes.  Jennifer Black as Lisa clearly relishes her role as the spiteful \\"understudy\\" in this production, throwing her arms up in triumph at the end of the act I finale after having ruined Amina's wedding to Elvino (though I will admit that her voice was just a bit weak in her upper register). There is a nice balance between the orchestra (the Met orchestra excellent as always) and the singers.  The acting is first rate by all the performers.  Truly, this is a wonderful production on the musical/acting side.<br /><br />Where I differ in my opinion from some other reviewers concerns the overall concept of the setting.  By staging the production in a modern rehearsal hall, Zimmerman is playing with the very notion of \\"staging\\".  Never was I confused as to when we were in \\"rehearsal\\" and when we were in \\"real life\\".  Some reviewers have complained about the occasional mismatch between the words and what is portrayed on stage, and they are entitled to their opinions.  However, I wonder how much we have become too entrenched in \\"accurate, period productions\\", as if anything that doesn't include hoop skirts, bustles, and gentlemen in waist coats  no longer counts as acceptable.  Creativity and innovation are at the heart of musical and theatrical development:  the \\"tried and true\\" isn't always the best approach,...\\"tried\\" often becoming \\"tired\\".  Yes, this is the story of \\"a simple Swiss girl in a simple Swiss town\\", but let's think outside the box for a minute and try to understand what the production team is doing before rejecting it out of hand.  The fact the audience literally \\"booed\\" Zimmerman's production on opening night is shameful; I would expect more of us.<br /><br />For example, the reviewer in the Washington Post was confused by  \\"the Act 1 finale, which had the chorus throwing torn-up paper and cups around the room,\\" calling it \\"inexplicable.\\"  Actually, it makes perfect sense to me: the diva of the production, Amina, has just been unjustly rejected by her love, Elvino...effectively spelling out the end of the production; hence, the chorus tears up the score and trashes the rehearsal room in their frustration.  Again, let's think outside the box before raising up our hands in surrender.<br /><br />Anyway, each is entitled to his/her opinion.  I found this production to be a complete delight and a wonderful way to spend of couple of hours with opera at home.  If you are completely against modernizations in opera, then this is certainly not the production for you.  On the other hand, the acting performances and the glory of the two stars' voices more than make up for any shortcomings others may have found in the production.  A whole-hearted two thumbs up from me.tion team is doing before rejecting it out of hand.  The fact the audience literally \\"booed\\" Zimmerman's production on opening night is shameful; I would expect more of us.    For example, the reviewer in the Washington Post was confused by  \\"the Act 1 finale, which had the chorus throwing torn-up paper and cups around the room,\\" calling it \\"inexplicable.\\"  Actually, it makes perfect sense to me: the diva of the production, Amina, has just been unjustly rejected by her love, Elvino...effectively spelling out the end of the production; hence, the chorus tears up the score and trashes the rehearsal room in their frustration.  Again, let's think outside the box before raising up our hands in surrender.    Anyway, each is entitled to his/her opinion.  I found this production to be a complete delight and a wonderful way to spend of couple of hours with opera at home.  If you are completely against modernizations in opera, then this is certainly not the production for you.  On the other hand, the acting performances and the glory of the two stars' voices more than make up for any shortcomings others may have found in the production.  A whole-hearted two thumbs up from me.
0385732554|5.0|ever since reading this book the first time, I enjoyed page after page a second and third time. I was lucky enough to read and do activities with it in my student teaching. the students also enjoyed reading it. the book helped them to understand utopias and how they compare to the lives they live.
B00005JKNC|5.0|Peter Appleton is a script writer during the 1950's who is suspected to be a Communist among many Hollywood film people (which is not true). Along the way, he gets into a freak car accident and suffers amnesia, then ends up in a small California town. There he lives in a run down movie theatre where he learns the magic of experiencing a movie in it. Soon, the Communist hunters find him and call him to testify before a Senate hearing committee. This is a nice movie. A movie that will make you laugh. The story (a man with amnesia is seen as a long lost son in a small town) is not that special, but it has some nice things to avoid the bigger cliches. This movie is very well made, and in the end you will have a nice feeling about it. I recommend it to anyone. It is to be enjoyed.
B002UNMWAG|3.0|Have you ever been hanging out with your friends goofing off and somebody does something SOO over the top and spontaneous that its hilarious and awesome and is a story you retell for years to come?  That was Saints part 1.    And then down the road have you ever been with the same friends goofing off again, and one guy remembers how funny and awesome that first thing was and tries WAAAY too hard to do something just as spontaneous and over the top so he will have a new story to tell?  But because he was trying it wasnt spontaneous, and because it wasnt spontaneous it wasnt \\"funny over the top\\" it was just plain \\"way too much over the top\\" and everybody looked at him like he was just dense or something?  Thats Saints part 2.    The first one was a true example of real movie magic, where everything just worked.  It showed real art from the actors, director, and producer.  The second one tried way to hard to be just like the first one.  So much so that alot of the first part of the movie actually felt like a parody of the first one.  The second half of the movie (after they got past making \\"lets make fun of Saints 1\\" jokes) was actually pretty good.  It got a bit more serious and actually told some interesting story points.    In all fairness I will say it really felt like the director felt the immense pressure to live up to the first one.  And in trying to stay close to the winning formula of the first ended up forcing things to fix the pattern.  I dont mean to trash talk this movie, but I will say that the first half of the movie was nearly painful to watch, and the second half I enjoyed.  I wasnt expecting something as good as the first movie, there arent many out there that good anyway, but I was hoping for something a bit better than this one.  Hopefully Saints 3 will get it right.
B002N1AEN2|5.0|This music is amazing - I don't know who they are or where they're from but it makes me want to fall in love...
B001U0HBPG|5.0|awesome movie ... i wonder how come it couldn't win oscar...Slumdog was way too ordinary in comparison...
B001QERPDO|5.0|This CD is great, in perfect condition and exactly what I wanted.  They took a very long time to get to me though, I believe it is purely the fault of the postal service.  Thanks very much.
B00006AFF5|5.0|This movie is spectacular, as could be expected. Its a family film, naturally, yet it has humor slid in for a mix of ages. It also perfectly combines a classic spirit of christmas with a bit of mayhem added in (though just the right amount of the latter, so that it leaves the whole family smiling optimistically ultimately by the end of the film). The sights within the film are absolutely spectacular, you really are immersed into the world of the grinch, and it is just a great adventure, not just for the christmas season, but all year round. Definitely would advise your watching this!   best wishes,   the film geek c:
B000XR4OC0|2.0|In theory, this is a good idea. But, my daughter bought a pair of Tom's shoes and they lasted all of maybe 3 months. They developed holes in the upper canvas portion. Regardless of the charitable intent, these shoes do not last, and as such, I'm not sure they are a good option for people who will be using them daily as possibly their only pair of shoes. Are they comfortable? Yes. Are they attractive? Yes. Are they durable? NO!
B002WCLG3Y|2.0|Halo Legends is basically Halo: The Animatrix, and comparisons are even made during the commentary. Like The Animatrix, it generally places visuals over everything else. It's also likewise very on/off, ranging from big-budget action to intimate character portraits. It's not a bad product, but it is something where you can't help but think what could have been. This review is from the perspective of a longtime fan, and really this product is not a good piece for non-fans anyway, so I'll be speaking in fan terms. Part-by-part, not necessarily in the same order as the disc, minor spoilers ahead:<br /><br />-Origins I&II is solid. The storyline is essentially a recap of known history, told by the Cortana, although she freely admits much of what you'll see is speculation. The story starts from the Forerunner war with the Flood and covers through \\"present day\\", at the end of Halo 3. The drawing is okay, the animation very stiff, and Cortana's stand-in voice actress is not up to the original, but it's a compelling story. The canon is mostly kept, although as Cortana noted, you can't take the whole piece literally. 4/5<br /><br />-The Duel has awful art, little story, and is mostly just noir. Ancient Elites, who apparently lived in feudal Japan and had two jaws instead of four, wind up in a duel. And one of them is in samurai armor. Lots of people wind up saying the art grew on them, but I just can't watch it. I can't help but wonder if the graphics didn't come out well during development, so the team got embarrassed and slapped on a dirty filter so you wouldn't notice. 1/5<br /><br />-Homecoming shoots the Halo canon in the face at multiple junctions, and is another character vignette with some action slapped on. The lead female is a (teen, blonde, angsty) Spartan who for some reason wears her hair long in the helmet, and pulls off her helmet in a war zone in front of regular soldiers. This is just a massive no-no, for so many reasons. The story is basically a small remembrance underlying the action, i.e. not substantial. Still, the animation is great. 2/5<br /><br />-Sort of big spoiler ahead: The Babysitter features the long flowing blonde hair of another Spartan lady. And the Elites are back in feudal Japan again. And a Spartan is listed as KIA. But there's at least a tie-in as Dutch from ODST makes an appearance. The story revolves around an assassination mission targeting a prophet, with some great action. The blonde female Spartan idea works a little better here, as it's given more context and saved up for the last act, but it's still a very artistic choice that you can't think too much about before it falls apart. 3/5<br /><br />-Be Human is another character vignette plus action. The action here is really great, and the animation is excellent. The story revolves around a guy trying to regain his lost humanity during war, and frankly this bit is ham-handed. It all wraps up well though, with a great allusion to other events in the Halo universe. 4/5<br /><br />-The Package is a ton of top-notch CGI. However, the voice acting is mostly awful, and the canon is terrible. The CGI during the central battle is amazing and well worth watching. 3/5<br /><br />-Odd One out is basically a Halo version of Dragon Ball Z. It's supposed to be funny, I think. Spartan 1337 (har-har) gets eaten by a dinosaur and spit out at one point (pardon if I guffaw for a bit). It's mostly dumb, and I found it hard to watch. Some story is thrown over the framework, but it's like trying to build a house on a Jell-O foundation. 1/5<br /><br />Too much of the disc is made up of what are basically character vignettes. The Duel is about that era's arbiter. Odd One out is about Spartan-Goku. Be Human is about, uh, that guy. Homecoming is about that girl. You can even extend it and say the whole disc is basically a series of vignettes. Origins features Cortana's reflections after Halo 3, The Babysitter is about the revelation regarding the Spartan, and The Packagerevolves around one great moment of Spartans fighting together. That makes the great failing of this work, that it just never branches out. It's one character and their take on some aspect of the Halo universe, again and again.<br /><br />You can currently download all of these episodes online, and honestly I have to say you should save your money. The \\"extra features\\" include a trailer for Halo: Reach (available online), a DC comics trailer, and a director commentary that's one of the non good director commentaries. Frankie and crew basically recap known items and restate the plot of episodes over and over with little real insight. Oh, Origins is about conflict? Thanks. I didn't get that from the words \\"conflict\\" and \\"war\\" being used constantly in the dialog. If you're a massively hardcore fan, this is a decent piece to nerd out to. But I doubt even hardcore fans will give this more than one play, maybe two if you'r really nitpicking the content of Origins.That makes the great failing of this work, that it just never branches out. It's one character and their take on some aspect of the Halo universe, again and again.    You can currently download all of these episodes online, and honestly I have to say you should save your money. The \\"extra features\\" include a trailer for Halo: Reach (available online), a DC comics trailer, and a director commentary that's one of the non good director commentaries. Frankie and crew basically recap known items and restate the plot of episodes over and over with little real insight. Oh, Origins is about conflict? Thanks. I didn't get that from the words \\"conflict\\" and \\"war\\" being used constantly in the dialog. If you're a massively hardcore fan, this is a decent piece to nerd out to. But I doubt even hardcore fans will give this more than one play, maybe two if you'r really nitpicking the content of Origins.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Songs of Freedom set is an excellent Bob Marley CD. It has many of my new favorites. It's got old versions of songs you've heard before and many songs you might not have heard before but you will love them once you've heard them.
B001FSDOZO|5.0|This CD is great, in perfect condition and exactly what I wanted.  It took a very long time to get to me tho, the postal service is at it again!!  Thanks very much
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Once I got past the pilot, I fell in love with this show.  The pilot isn't bad, but it took a few episodes for me to get hooked.<br /><br />The few negative reviews I've seen have complained that this show isn't really scifi in the vein of Star Trek, Doctor Who, Stargate, etc and I agree.  Don't go into this expecting another BSG.  It's a combo scifi/western and at times I think the western aspects dominate.  I do like scifi also and the scifi elements of this show don't disappoint.<br /><br />Firefly is awesome!
0679731725|5.0|I had watched the movie prior to reading the novel.  An interview with Kazuo Ishiguro on the DVD intrigued me.  Kazuo's writing style is beautiful.<br /><br />The story is told in the first person and captures your attention from the first paragraph.  I was glad I had watched the movie first as Anthony Hopkins nailed the character of Stephens, including all the subtleties of his personality.  Normally books and the movies made from them do not coincide so well, but I could hear Anthony Hopkins voice in my head as I read the book.  They enhanced one another.  In fact, seeing the movie first was a plus.<br /><br />What really hit me, even moreso in the book, was how detached Stephens was from his own emotional side preventing him from having a real connection with other people.  When his father died, Lord Darlington approaches Stephens while he is working and asks if he is alright.  Stephens is puzzled for a second regarding the question and then Lord Darlington comments that Stephens is crying.  Stephens was so detached from his emotions that he did not seem to realize he was doing so.<br /><br />When Mr. Farraday comes on the scene, he attempts to engage Stephens in what Stephens refers to as \\"banter\\".  Fact of the matter is, it was simply regular conversation people engage in.  But, Stephens is at a loss and attempts to practice so as to develop this skill to please his new boss.<br /><br />Even at the end of the book, after he meets with Miss Benton and realizes that his heart is breaking, he still cannot let it show.  He sits on the pier listening to other people engaging in general conversation and once again thinks he will have to practice this \\"banter\\" to be a better servant to Mr. Farraday.<br /><br />Stephens spent so much of his life, all his life actually, trying to achieve that perfect dignity he felt would make him a superlative butler.  He dedicated his life to serving a man who, it turns out, was not necessarily the grand gentleman Stephens had believed him to be.<br /><br />The title is such a metaphor for so many aspects of this book.  The remains of the literal day, which Stephens simply endures alone.  The remains of his life, which is devoid of real human interrelating.  The remains of what-could-have-been with Ms. Benton.  The remains of Lord Darlington's reputation and how Stephens feels this reflects on him in terms of having dedicated his life in service to this man.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book.  I'm sure I will be reading it a second and third time.  Right now I'm reading \\"A Pale View Of Hills\\" and enjoying it thoroughly.  Kazuo Ishiguro is a fantastic writer.  I look forward to reading all his works.a metaphor for so many aspects of this book.  The remains of the literal day, which Stephens simply endures alone.  The remains of his life, which is devoid of real human interrelating.  The remains of what-could-have-been with Ms. Benton.  The remains of Lord Darlington's reputation and how Stephens feels this reflects on him in terms of having dedicated his life in service to this man.      I highly recommend this book.  I'm sure I will be reading it a second and third time.  Right now I'm reading \\"A Pale View Of Hills\\" and enjoying it thoroughly.  Kazuo Ishiguro is a fantastic writer.  I look forward to reading all his works.
B00005U11Z|1.0|Any form of journey WITHOUT Steve Perry is NOT Journey. It's like Van Hagar or Styx without Dennis DeYoung.<br /><br />This is a tribute cover band, NOT the real deal.
0316017922|4.0|Gladwell has statistics that make sense about how achievement happens. It really is much about effort and hard work, though!
B001684L0A|5.0|One of the best movies that I have seen in the past 65 years, I am glad that I bought it and it is very authentic.
B002BFBAWO|5.0|As soon as I finished this movie a few feelings ran through me: I pined for young love, wished to be young(er) again and wanted to watch Adventureland again.  I can't remember the last time I wanted to watch a movie a second time.<br /><br />This story rang true to me, the acting was great and there was enough comedy to keep things interesting.  Make no mistake, though, this isn't the Superbadesque comedy it was marketed as.  It's an extremely well done coming of age love story with likable charachters with an 80's twist.<br /><br />(Edited for atrocious English)
0061703257|5.0|Shutter Island was my first Lehane novel. I'm very impressed. I haven't read a page turning thriller like this is quite some time. Lehanes characters instantly come to life along with a gripping story which makes this a very quick read. While horror is my first choice of reading, Shutter Island gave me reason to delve into the thriller section a little more often.
B000CNE092|5.0|This movie is brillant! It may not be exactly true to history, but the idea is romantic. It made me want to learn about Russian culture and the Romanovs.
0553804367|3.0|I found that this book was easy to read and came to the subject from a different perceptive. I choose to read this book because I was hoping for a different perceptive of relativity, which I did find. If you are looking for a book to explain Relativity I would suggest \\"Relativity Simply Explained\\" by Martin Gardner. I did find that the last portions of the book to be harder to understand.  But I would not find blame in the author, because they were new and tough subjects for me.<br /><br />The only problem I found in the book was that every frontier of science or unexplained scientific results, the author choose to fill the gaps with God.  Throughout the whole book every topic that was explained had scientific references, but then when one thing was not fully explained with science the author would take it upon himself to explain with the use of God. I did not think that the use of God in this book was appropriate.
B002ZG98GO|5.0|This was an unbelievable movie. Incredible performances by both Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol. Karan Johar's work is brilliant, as usual. The soundtrack was great, the cinematography was great, and the supporting actors were excellent. Pure genius. Just remember to have a Kleenex handy when you watch it.
B000IJ79WU|4.0|In late 2006, I was excited to purchase the DVD of Richard Donner's long-lost version of &#34;Superman II&#34; featuring the last &#34;new&#34; footage of Christopher Reeve suiting up as the legendary Man of Steel.  Upon viewing Donner's film (complete with the magic of John Williams' original classic score), I confess my reaction was mixed.  Yes, it was mostly positive at seeing some cool but imperfect, alternate sequences.  At the same time, I was disappointed that Donner (he seems like a terrific guy) doesn't acknowledge that his replacement, Richard Lester, created some superior sequences seen in the released theatrical version.  All Donner concedes is that sections of Lester's footage are used here only because it is necessary to tell the story.  Before proceeding further, let me say that the included documentary explaining how co-producer Michael Thau and his team carefully reconstructed Donner's film (including the addition of flashy, new special effects and apparently a few insert scenes with doubles) is a must-see prior to viewing.  Donner's insightful narrative detailing how his version differs from Lester's will explain a lot of the flaws and obvious continuity gaffes that you're about to see.  For instance, the Donner cut's disjointed feel is readily apparent in the changes in Margot Kidder's hair & make-up between the two versions (filmed a few years apart).  Clearly, Kidder looks younger in the earlier footage, so it becomes easily identifiable as Donner's work.  Kicking off Donner's film is the continuation of a planned cliffhanger from the first movie in which Superman's disposal in outer space of one of Luthor's missiles unintentionally leads to the destruction of the Phantom Zone.  For the most part, this alternate opener is much more fun (and ominous) than Lester's Paris hostage sequence at the Eiffel Tower.  However, the problem it creates is that &#34;Superman II&#34; must now occur immediately after the first film.  The script clearly implies that some time has elapsed (a few years, perhaps?) since Luthor is already serving a long prison term, so this new opening segment thus creates the first of many continuity gaffes.  From there, please expect to see lots of Gene Hackman as Lex Luthor and Marlon Brando as the ghostly Jor-El.  Much of Luthor's prison footage (including a hilarious gag involving bumbling Otis and his passing of a bedwetting rumor to the wrong person) is amusing, but it is also readily apparent why the footage isn't relevant to the plot.  Hence, I suspect Donner and Thau threw in various small scenes (including some of Brando's) simply to pad this cut's running time.  Speaking of Brando, yes, Donner gladly fills in Lester's gaps by finally spelling out exactly how Superman gets his powers back (and at what tremendous personal cost).  Brando's cold, formidable presence helps immensely here, but, really, a little Brando goes a long way.  Sadly, Donner's omission of Susannah York's few scenes as Lara (from Lester's version) completely ignores her character's ultimate sacrifice in the first film, and why her sympathetic counseling of her son prior to his fateful choice to become a human works so much better (in expressing Superman's heartfelt need for his long-lost birth parents).  Donner's creative vision focuses on a father-son theme only, but, by excluding Lara from the film, much of the storyline's poignancy and emotional depth is ultimately lost.  In addition to reversing the order of Lois and Clark's love scene at the Fortress of Solitude with the loss of his powers, another significant difference between Donner's cut and Lester's are the &#34;big reveal&#34; scenes.  In Donner's version, there is a really fun sequence (very reminiscent of the classic Superman mythos) early on resulting in Lois trying to prove her suspicions by throwing herself out of Perry White's office window.  The only flaw is that Lois comes off as too unbelievably impulsive to make the scene truly click.  Later on, a Reeve-Kidder screen test is utilized as Lois cleverly uses a prop gun to outwit Clark into revealing his true identity.  Unfortunately, Reeve's acting in this scene is really starched compared to his charismatic performance on-screen, and more noticeably, Kidder's Lois isn't particularly likeable (just like the original character in the Golden and Silver Ages of comics).  Overall, I think Lester's revised scenes at Niagara Falls are far more cohesive in making Lois and Clark's impending romance humorously poignant (yet still believable).  As for the much-criticized finale, yes, I agree that it is a hugely disappointing cop-out.  Donner explains that the &#34;turning the world back around&#34; was originally supposed to be the second film's finale before it was then transferred to the first film (and so Donner never got a chance to come up with a new ending for the second installment).  Even so, the end result here is a most unsatisfying status quo because it makes this &#34;Superman II&#34; completely pointless since the film's events never really happened.  At the very least, Donner could have made some editing concession (i.e. storyline progress) with a different ending by having Clark choose to trust Lois with his secret.  It wouldn't have been hard to do.  That way, the film would have still redeemed the viewer's trust for the past two hours in giving the revised storyline a more contemporary spin without abandoning the romantic depth in Lois and Clark's relationship.  Such a move makes me think that, if Donner had ever made &#34;Superman III,&#34; it would have vastly increased the next film's potential storyline options.  Ultimately, Donner's version of &#34;Superman II&#34; is really most effective if viewed as a treasure trove of alternate/deleted scenes rather than as a coherent, polished feature film.  Too bad Donner and Lester can't just put aside their old differences (i.e. their egos) and collaborate on a finalized, &#34;perfect&#34; cut of this movie.  If only ..... now, that concept would likely surpass either of their individual interpretations.  Score: 8.5/10 (The timeless magic of seeing Christopher Reeve as the legendary Man of Steel endures.)  P.S.  This edition has its own bonus collection of deleted scenes.  They are a much appreciated bonus!
B002WCLG3O|4.0|A lot of times when dvd's (or now bd's) are made of a franchise, it is usually so canonized that if you are not a hardcore player, you won't understand the movie.  Or, it is so out there that the hardcore fans destroy it.  This is not one of those.  They have taken an idea that was used very successfully (Batman: Gotham Knights) and made it there own.  If you are not a hardcore fan, have not read any of the books, etc..., watch the special feature Up Till Now.  It gives a great background of everything.  My wife is not a gamer, but she loves Red vs. Blue.  My son is a hardcore Halo player.  I am a casual one.  The background was great for the wife and I.  Without it I think she would have been bored and lost after the first couple of episodes.   You have a variety of animation styles for the different chapters.  The beginning reminded me a lot of Heavy Metal.  There is one in there that is so DBZ.  My wife fell in love with Spartan 1337.  There is a good CG episode and then your standard animation.  The episode 'The Duel' is done in one that I have never seen before.  Quite good.  I gave it a 4 because halfway through it I was really getting depressed.  I spent 8 years in the Corps and have seen my share.  The director did a swell job inserting Spartan 1337's episode at the right time.  It was the light in the middle of the darkness.  This movie was very well done and I did not mind spending the extra for the BD version.  I would love to see a live version based on that ODST trailer.  Maybe one day.  But until then, this BD will more than suffice.
0634022296|5.0|This is a great book that unlocks the masterful songwriting that was the Beatles. Their use of simple open chords peppered with the occasional  jazz chord makes this book a great study of 20th Century songwriting at it's best. Where was this in the sixties?
1416594787|1.0|This book was disappointing to me. Being a retired university professor, I thought Dawkins would have better stuff in his supposed Magnum Opus, but all he has done is to continue what he has always done in all his books...bash creationists and come up with ludicrous analogies in trying to prove his points. As someone else has already criticized, analogies are not evidence, so as far as evidence goes, Dawkins gives very little, if anything (actually - nothing).<br /><br />What Dawkins considers \\"evidence\\" is mostly an exercise in papering us to death with just-so, matter-of-fact statements that are, in all reality, assumption and conjecture being passed off as facts, and misinterpreting and misplacing the facts. From the very first sentence Dawkins is in great error, where he states dogmatically \\"the evidence for evolution grows by the day, and has never been stronger.\\" From that point on, he rehashes old arguments like \\"similarity means evolutionary relatedness\\" and experiments on the bacteria E. coli which demonstrate adaptation, not bacteria-to-elephant evolution. Repeatedly he states that \\"evolution is a fact\\" and in one place continues with \\"beyond reasonable doubt, beyond serious doubt, beyond sane, informed, intelligent doubt, beyond doubt evolution is a fact.\\" Then goes on to make many uninformed, unintelligent, seriously flawed statements.<br /><br />In his manner, Dawkins continues and states that (again) \\"Evolution is a fact, and this book will demonstrate it. No reputable scientist disputes it, and no unbiased reader will close the book doubting it.\\" The only problem with this is that many, many reputable scientists not only doubt it, but have demonstrated that evolution (bacteria-to-elephant) is not a reputable field of science. Repeatedly, Dawkins recapitulates the same errors that other evolutionary writers make, using examples from functional biology in an effort to make evolutionary biology look like a real cosmological force in the universe, especially when it comes to his chapter on natural selection. The death (whether untimely or not) of an antelope will never make the species give rise to another kind of animal other than more antelope. This has never been demonstrated, it is simply assumed.<br /><br />More than anything else, as with all his books, all Dawkins does is generate another smear campaign against what he chooses not to believe. He chooses not to believe in the supernatural, which is no longer a criteria for what he calls true science. He wants to make everyone that reads his books believe that if they don't choose to accept evolutionary theory, that they are uninformed, unintelligent, stupid, or morons. The sad fact is, he is culpable on all these points for choosing to believe in a theory that does not objectively examine all the facts science brings up, but instead picks and chooses what helps the theory seem real, and discards all the evidence (or the interpretations of that evidence) that does not help the theory. Dawkins, as other evolutionary writers, continually plays the same word games (microevolution for adaptation) when adaptational events are not due to mutations, once again, trying to make us believe that adaptation is evolution in direct observation. It has never been demonstrated nor observed that adaptational events lead to speciational events, once again, it is wholly assumed for the benefit of the theory.<br /><br />In short, Dawkins fails miserably in every attempt, except for blowing hot blustery air in his very heated attempts at making people who, using common sense logic, choose not to put stock in a theory that can only stand upon assumptions passed off as facts when they are not, and by playing word / definition games.
B00004CYA3|3.0|The video I recevied displayed an error \\" cannot not play in this area\\" It was a big a disappointment to our grandchild for a christmas present.  I returned the video on December 31, 2009 & requested a new one. I have not received a credit or a new video.
B000FA5TTW|5.0|I read this book when it came out back in 2002 and found it most compelling.  I really enjoyed the book mainly because of the myriad of emotions felt during reading it.  While I realize there is a movie out, I dare not spoil my interpretation of the book, however, do not let that hinder you from both reading the book and viewing the movie.  I would advise you to read the book first.
B001AQO46E|5.0|The non-anamorphic DVD is just a recycled laserdisc master. Maybe the hold-up is Cameron who has a \\"thing\\" for having to approve every film transfer before it can be used. So maybe Fox hasn't been able to get him to sit down and approve a new HD transfer? But how much time can it really take for him to watch the HD transfer and say \\"yes\\" or indicate what he'd like fixed?    One of the BEST Arnold action flicks ever, and all we have is a crappy NTSC 4x3 letterboxed master that's low-resolution, noisy, full of artifacting. Fox... bring on the True Lies Blu-ray. Make it happen!
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|All of the Disney/Pixar movies are phenomenal and this one is no exception. Also, you can't beat the deal of blue-ray AND DVD AND digital copy for $20. This is an amazing price for an amazing movie.
0061703257|5.0|This is the best paranoid thriller. Lehane really pulled it off. I've read it 8 times now and I swear it's perfectly consistent. Every time I read it I spend the next week looking over my shoulder, wondering if everything is as it should be, or is it all upside down? Totally psyched for the movie.
0307716988|5.0|this is a good book to read to learn more about the king of pop!! i loved it and it is worth the money and time to read!1
006621131X|5.0|I have two books about Robert Maplethorpe and this is by far the best one. Beautiful writing, full of wonderful moments. I was blown away in 1975 when I first heard \\"Horses\\" and wondered who took the cover photo. I've been a Maplethorpe (and Patti Smith fan) ever since.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|It all begins when Katniss Everdeen Volenteers for her sister to virtualy die.  The story takes a strange twist when Katniss finds herself in love with a componet. Somone destin to die. This is the best book ever!
0385504225|5.0|Infinitely better than the Da Vinci Code. The whole Noetic science thing opens up a million avenues of thought. I know, I know, his \\"writing\\" isn't anything like Umberto Eco or Nick Horny, and his understanding of science is a little off sometimes, but no one can wind a plot like Dan Brown. I actually think it's an advantage sometimes for authors to be on the same level as the reader for explaining complicated stuff like Noetic science. That new book, The God Patent, is the only novel I've seen by an expert whose science is accessible enough to blow your mind.
B0031OCY2E|3.0|Steven Soderbergh's \\"The Informant!\\" is a film as baffling as the events upon which it is based on. You may or may not find the film itself very funny, which deals with some serious issues like corporate corruption and whistleblower. \\"The Informant!\\" follows the real-life story of Mark E. Whitacre, high-level executive-turned-FBI informant, which is literally stranger than fiction, but the way Soderbergh handles the subject matter is sometimes even stranger. Is this a drama or a comedy? If comedy, is it an off-beat comedy, a dark comedy or satire? A satire on what?     One thing is certain. Whatever your reaction may be, you cannot deny the brilliant performance from Matt Damon as Mark Whitacre, who had been acting as FBI informant during the three-year investigation into the price-fixing conspiracy. Things get bizarre when the FBI (and the company, too) come to know more about the activities of the whistleblower whose motive is elusive at best. Matt Damon perfectly becomes the person himself, and his quirky, stream-of-conscious-like voiceover tells us more about the character he plays than the complicated story, an informant who never stops supplying \\"information.\\"    Steven Soderbergh's direction here is experimental. Oscar-wining director whose previous works include \\"Oceans Eleven,\\" \\"Traffic\\" and \\"Erin Brockovich\\" is also the director of \\"Sex, Lies, and Videotape\\" and \\"Schizopolis.\\" The original music by Marvin Hamlisch (which reminded me of Woody Allen's \\"Bananas\\", for which Marvin Hamlisch provided a score) sounds very unique, maybe too unique. While the events took place in the 1990s, Steven Soderbergh employs the 1970s-style visuals, which I think are pointless and detracting, so are the cameos (including Smothers Brothers).    Also, as the film (based on the book by Kurt Eichenwald) spends so much time on this unlikely hero, some questions are left unanswered. Melanie Lynskey plays Mark Whitacre's loving wife Ginger, but good as her performance is, her character remains uninteresting because we are not allowed to know one thing - how much does she know?     So, whether you enjoy watching the film and its unbelievable based-on-truth story depends on your taste. Personally, considering the source material that is unique, I think the film would have been better with a more straightforward narrative.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I admit I'm not a huge MJ fan. He did good work, but thriller was his best. Now as to this film THIS IS IT, it was great! MJ from a different view point. Interaction with other stage crew and co entertainers, and their respect back for him was a thrill to watch. MJ performances on this video were also a thrill to watch. As for the talk of this just tossed together for fast cash sellout, NOT SO!!! This film is very well done, and something his family gave his fans to help calm the mourning. And that is exactly how MJ would have wanted it. Celebrate his life, not his death. This film let fans do just that. His family should be thanked for allowing this to come together so soon after his death. I was not easy, and it had to cost them a lot. No cashing in here. Just helping fans mourn in a good MJ way. What a nice gift to fans from the MJ family. My only regret is that I waited so long to buy this, and nixed seeing it in the theaters. DO NOT LISTEN to those nay-Sayers, they probably have not even seen this MJ film anyway. The film is 100% awesome, great, worth the purchase. And you will want to view this over and over, it is that good !!! And this review is coming from a luke-warm MJ fan. But I admit, when something is very good, actually great, one has to admit that. And I do. The film is totally awesome!!!  Music wise, visually, heart warming, etc etc. I will have to get this on blu-ray also, just for the added audio quality.  MJ, what a great performer... Such a huge loss. We will never see the likes of him again in our lifetime.
B000MR28ME|5.0|Once it gets warm enough I wear my Keens all the time - walking, hiking, near the water, around the house, in the garden, out to dinner, on the plane, everywhere!  They are comfy, tough, easy to clean, stylish and perfect for everything I do.  Get some!  This pair I bought were for my dad - the best gift I could think of!  I've had and loved mine for 3 years now.
1594481784|5.0|High Fidelity is more of a guide book than a novel. The relationship between men and music is a metaphor for everything that matters: football, baseball, alcohol, work. If you haven't had the neuroses over women and career yet, you will. \\"I've come to the conclusion that my guts have sh** for brains...\\"
B000W7JWUA|5.0|This is the best board game ever made. There needs to be nothing else written about Settlers of Catan. In fact, everything else I'm writing beyond that first sentence is extraneous. If you're still reading this and not purchasing said board game, you are wasting your time.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|Doesn't miss a beat from her last album.  Same voice, same feel.  Sade-smooth jazz literally redefines the category.
B0030U1TA2|5.0|I haven't actually heard this new release, but the album has been among my favourites for a few decades.  If you do your homework, you will find that the \\"title track\\" was in fact written as a joke when the suits started banging on about \\"singles\\". GG went off and wrote the worst song they could think of.    It's interesting to have it for historical and comedic reasons, but if you have a release that includes it and really want to enjoy the album you have to make sure you've programmed your player to omit it. Otherwise the effect is somewhat reminiscent of the Monty Python foot through the TV. Jumping up and picking up the pickup from the vinyl is distracting when you just want to reflect on the experience you have just had.
1440468397|5.0|I have never copied the title of my review from a different reader, but I did it this time. The title for this review comes from the letter that was written out by the hero. I LOVED THE LETTER, the most sensual love letter that I have ever read.<br />Not even one kiss in this book, but while reading it, it is like you would take a deep breath and hold it until the end. Beautiful choice of words keeps your mind of state mesmerized. I loved the way that author wrote about every feeling or thought the heroine had in a presence of a man that she loved for so many years. Also, how she was in apprehension of an every meeting with him and weighting every word that he has said. The climax in the book was when he handed her the letter to pour his feelings buried inside for her. What a beautiful letter! The writer also has a great way to describe human nature. The writer grabs you with rich words.<br />But the book is full of making acquaintances which was a bit too much for me in this book. But it is regency area after all.
0375842209|5.0|There are not many books that after I start I cannot stop reading until I finish.  The Book Thief happened to be one of those books.  Markus Zusak's writing style helps to keep the reader immersed in the book from beginning to end.  The main character, Liesel, is a poor orphan girl that if anything bad that could happen to her happens at least once in her life.  Now don't get me wrong, Liesel does have some good luck struck upon her, but it may not be considered good luck from the readers perspective, but from Liesel's it is.  Her story is one of death, joy, war, just about any feeling or experience a human can have, sadly it all happens when she is just a child.                             The entire story is not only narrated by death but is also told backwards.  Death explains a situation in which he has encountered Liesel and then goes in depth about the situation and the time inbetween their encouters.  This, in my opinion, is the entire reason why the book was able to keep me hooked.                              Another reason that I, as a reader, was able to stay so hooked on this book was the authors writing style.  The vibrant words of this writer flowed so fluently the reader knew they were just meant to be there. This quote from The Book Thief Pg. 80 will help back up my belief, \\"He was the crazy one who had painted himself black and defeated the world.  She was the book thief without the words.  Trust me, though, the words were on their way, and when they arrived, Liesel would hold them in her hands like the clouds, and she would wring them out like rain.\\" The way the author formulates the words in this sentence allows the reader to get a vivid image of the words being wringed out of a cloth.  The way Zusak writes is so artistic and creative and imaginative that is unbelievable.  This book, although meant for high school students, is definitely one that can be read by all ages, because of the way the author can connect the reader in this brilliant piece of work.  In my mind, I would give this book a ten out of 10 and recommend it to any one in need of a good book.
B002L3RVCY|5.0|This set is packaged beautifully.  My son was happily surprised at the lovely sketches and extras.  I watched it with my 9 year old so we all knew what it was going to be like.  This is not for die hard purists, and thank goodness we were not purists.  It is pure fun.  I would tell people to not try to dissect it and watch it with your kids.  It will make you want to pick up a lifesaver and play with your kids.
B000PFU7OO|4.0|Independent but also linked with the movie, this soundtrack join quality with a romantic focus. I strongly recomend a carefully listenning for this short and deep piece of magic. Please you must also see the movie. Love is everything.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I've been watching Planet Earth on the Discovery HD Channel every time it's on, but Sigourney Weaver's dry narration put me off more and more each time.  So I finally broke down and bought this incredible documentary in the BBC High Definition set, and I'm sooooooo glad I did!  What a difference narration makes!  Sir David Attenborough breathes life into scenes that fizzle out with Sigourney Weaver; his empathy adds depth where her lack of the same distracts.  Suddenly I seem to be watching a whole new documentary, and what a treasure it is.<br /><br />Okay, granted, I am a huge fan of Sir David Attenborough.  I have all his books, just about all his documentaries, and I can't wait for the blu-ray versions of \\"Life of Mammals\\" and \\"Life of Birds\\".  I'm terribly disappointed that \\"The Private Life of Plants\\" isn't available at all as of this writing, and I hope the BBC wakes up and remasters all Attenborough treasures in blu-ray to give them the treatment they deserve.<br /><br />Reading other reviews and some of the comments, I have to add that I bought a blu-ray player just so I could get \\"Planet Earth\\", and I am now busily scouring Amazon.com for other top notch nature documentaries to add to this very special library.<br /><br />I also have the regular DVD set, and I will keep it for its extras.<br /><br />Sir David Attenborough, may you live another 100 years, since there is nobody else quite like you.  Thank you, thank you, thank you!
0671646788|3.0|The book was in good condition.  The problem was that the print was smaller and there were less pages in the book dur to smaller print.  I did not like that.  I already own the book (pictured to the right) and when this version arrived, I did not care for it.  I ordered this copy for my son, and I did not really want the print to be smaller.
1594488916|5.0|This book is a sterling reminder of just how much I love books.  Bartlett's writing was so evocative that I could picture in my mind's eye the bookshops and libraries she described, and it made me want to wander around them for hours.  Her descriptions of rare books and their charms are so vivid that I can't see how any book lover could possibly fail to respond to them.  As I read, I repeatedly found myself telling my husband just how amazing I thought this book was.  He agreed with me.  He read it first and told me how much he thought I'd like it.    What is easy to understand about this story is how a book lover could respond to the lure of a beautiful, old book.  When I was in college, I had the good fortunate to take a Renaissance literature class taught by a professor who took us to see the rare books at the university library during one of our first classes.  I'll never forget wearing white gloves and paging carefully through those gorgeously painted illuminated pages.  It was truly an awe-inspiring experience for a bibliophile like me, and I could easily understand the charm of owning such a volume myself.  Bartlett coveys how books are more than just paper and ink, they're a viable, physical link to the past.  They are objects of memory, symbols of the things that we love and of the people with whom we've enjoyed them.  Given this, it's easy to see how a thief could be tempted.     Equally interesting was the story of Gilkey.  I agreed with Bartlett in that it was difficult to decide if the man was amoral or suffering from some sort of mental disorder.  His obvious disconnection from reality is startling.  Were I in Bartlett's shoes while interviewing him for this book, I think I would have been too shocked by him for any sort of coherent speech.  It was unfathomable that he could view his crimes as being victimless, that he could fail to understand how his books thefts impacted those who, like him, have a high regard for books but, unlike him, obtain them in legal and ethical ways.  Gilkey is an interesting criminal and also an alarming one.  While his crimes may not be violent, I found it disturbing to think that a criminal with so little conscience could exist.  He's the antihero who fancies himself the hero.    It was also disturbing to me to realize just how little publicity book thefts get.  Why is it that when art goes missing, it's a top story, but when invaluable books like this are lost, there's hardly a peep?  That books have power is obvious, as made plain by Bartlett's comments about past and current attempts at banning and burning \\"subversive\\" literature.  I was baffled by how law enforcement can treat the theft of a $5,000 book so casually, when the theft of a TV of the same value would clearly not be something treated with so little concern.  What an odd contradiction.    This is a book that I will be sure to recommend to my fellow book lovers.  I was utterly fascinated by it from the first page until the very last.
B00001U0E1|5.0|The DVD arrived safely and in great condition, also in a timely manner.  I watched the movie as soon as it arrived and I just love it.
B0013AZTR0|5.0|This was the BIG \\"breakthrough\\" album for Dire Straits and is obviously the most popular judging by the numerous listings of it in various incarnations since 1985.    I've been a Dire Straits 'fan' since the late 1970s and have sought out the best-sounding versions of each of their releases on CDs and vinyl as I spin both formats on my audio system. I'm a music-lover first and an \\"audiophile\\" second. That is, I LOVE music - it's in my heart and soul. And, I've sought to equip myself with a stereo system (that I can afford) that will bring me closest to the actual \\"moment\\" and \\"place\\" of the 'original' performance.     For the CD format, THIS version, as a Japanese-made JVC 'XRCD2' CD disc IS easily the best-sounding I've yet heard. The extraordinary measures that JVC has gone through to produce this exquisite CD pays off in spades when listened to on a high-resolution audio system. It sounds so absolutely 'natural' and REAL!    Gone is the \\"hardness\\" in the high frequencies - the cymbals 'shimmer' and sound like they really are made of brass and not like tin cans. Every instrument is reproduced with a clarity that must be heard to be fully appreciated. Sting sounds like he's merely a few feet away in the same room with you when he adds his voice to Money For Nothing. The easy 'naturalness' of this disc's sound is as close as I've ever heard to my \\"reference\\" version of this Dire Straits 'classic' - the two 180 gram vinyl 'audiophile-quality' LP release from Warner Brothers(still available as of mid-February 2010, as I write this).    I wish every CD would be made to THIS level of quality - it's such a music-lovers dream come true! It's really worth seeking out, but be prepared to spend $40 or so for a copy of this XRCD2 version. If you Love 'Brothers In Arms' as much as I do, it's a downright \\"bargain\\" even at that price!!!!!    FIVE STARS - without even blinking!!!!!
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|Although the product description lists only French and Spanish subtitles, this delightful movie DOES have English subtitles for the hearing impaired.  Nearly didn't buy it because one member of our household is hearing impaired, and those subtitles are important.  Took a chance because surely Pixar would not omit this important feature. Glad we did.    Cannot add to the excellent reviews already written about the movie itself, excepting to say that I agree.  This was a wonderful movie for all ages.  Charming, engaging, sad and happy.    The product description should be updated to include English in the subtitles.
B002KSPKRS|2.0|I was in love with my X4 model headphones except for a single design flaw.  They had the \\"hockypuck\\" style chat cord adapter which meant that chat could only be used with a basic XBox controller. I couldn't use it when I had a chatpad plugged into the controller and I couldn't use it when I was racing with my Fanatec racing wheel.    So I bought the X41, expecting them to be just as good if not better.  I am completely disappointed and really wish I'd kept my old ones.    The X41 are less comfortable: the plush padding on the X4 were better.    The chat cable falls out easily and can wiggle loose during game play    Worst of all though is the crackling noise.  Mine crackle and pop anytime I adjust the microphone bar, but even worse than that, they just crackle and pop during gameplay.  Sometimes its clean, but other times it just is full of static and crackling and popping.  I've checked batteries but a fresh set works the same. I know that RF can have more interference and I wish it was still IR.  Who needs the advantages that of RF?  Do I really need to be able to hear the game when I can't even see it?    I'm completely disappointed with these headphones and wish I had my old ones every single time I use them. I would have happily paid for a replacement chat cable.
0316113506|5.0|Read the first 25 pages and you'll be out of your chair,into your cross-trainers, and rounding up your loved ones for a long brisk walk.<br /><br />I read this, however, as someone with PTSD and ADD, the latter diagnosed a year ago in light of recent research showing that the two go hand-in-hand.  I've been reading/skimming everything I can since we can't get my medication sorted out, my liver enzymes are abnormal, and since we've just identified which of the six observed types of ADD I have. SPARK is  readable, credible, and inspiring.  (Eg, childhood trauma prevents the prefrontal cortex from growing to full size and from being able to perform all of its assigned executive functions.  But regular exercise  increases the size of the prefrontal cortex.)  It's a book of hopeful surprises.<br /><br />Having taught for 20 years,  and being too aware of the torment and charade of No Child Left Behind, I swear we mandate that every student start his or her day with easily measured, and tracked, aerobic exercise.  Walking is a low-budget item, and if morning aerobic exercise cuts school violence even half of what's reported here, and if test scores increase only half of what's reported here, we're out of our minds not to get the kids in this country to start their days with exercise.  (Who knew that walking to school in the 1960's and early 70's contributed to my academic success?)<br /><br />And then there's the impact we could have on our national health care crisis--<br /><br />Enough.  A smart and inspiring book.  Read it.
B0028KF4M4|5.0|I saw Season 1 when ABC had it as a summer fill in and got hooked. I don't have Showtime, so had to go this route to see what happens next. Can't wait till Season 4 comes out.
0061719544|5.0|I loved Craig's first book 'For the Bridge to the River'. I couldn't wait to start this one and once I did, I couldn't put it down. Love Craig and hope he continues writing.
0452289963|2.0|I was rather disappointed by this book after all the hype about it being profound and amazing. I didn't find that it contained much information that I didn't already know.  The writing style was difficult to understand and did not flow well. I stopped and started many times with this book as I just could not get into it.   I agree with many of the other reviewers that there were no practical or useful tools or tips on how to apply any of the knowledge - there was sort of this expectation that you should just be able to do everything he told you to do. If you want something with practical ideas - read the Dark Side of the Light Chasers by Debbie Ford.
B001OQCV6K|1.0|I agree with so many other reviews.  This movie absolutely SUCKS.   I should have walked out of the theatre and demanded my money back.  I do not understand how so many people liked this movie.  I would rate this at ZERO stars, but I am forced to give it one star.
B0018J2QB8|5.0|I saw Season 1 when ABC had it as a summer fill in and got hooked. I don't have Showtime, so had to go this route to see what happens next. Also got Season 3 and can't wait till Season 4 comes out.
B00062IDCO|4.0|Great series - no prob with product itself.  I got two of the four dvd seasons I bought with the cases broken.    Amazon should look at packaging these delicate cases with some padding & not just a cardboard base with a plastic wrap.
B000PDYVVG|5.0|I read Eat, Pray, Love a couple years ago so I'm a little rusty on my details of the book, but it still affects the way I look at the world today. It helped me be ok with treating myself to good things. I started taking myself out on dates to bakeries and coffee houses to sit, read a book, or just stare out the window and think about how wonderful the pastry tastes. I try to make time everyday to take care of my physical and spiritual life also. Elizabeth Gilbert taught me how to appreciate myself and prioritize in this book. It is not a self-help book, but it has their effects on your life if you try to feel what she is in her journey. Very good read if you need some extra happiness in your life, or if you just want to read a good story.
B002L5810I|5.0|I GOT EXACTLY WHAT I WANTED. WHEN THEY SAID IT WOULD SHIP OUT IT DID. I RECIVED MY ORDER WHEN THEY TOLD ME I WOULD.  NOT ONE COMPLAINT FROM ME !!!!!! THE DVD WAS IN GREAT CONDITION !!<br /><br />I WANT TO SAY THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THE SERVICE AND DVD !!!!!!<br /><br />CHRIS, NORTH CAROLINA, USA
0142001104|2.0|Although there were moments I was absolutely sucked into the book and inspired by the message, by the end I was ready for it to end. The opening chapter focuses on how reality is all made up and everything is subjective. I think anyone who has been to college will have heard these same arguments in about ten different classes - literature, psychology, sociology, and anthropology - and frankly, the book made it all sound very simplistic. They use a couple of scientific examples - and poof! They have a theory that serves as a basis for the rest of the book. It isn't very original or especially compelling.<br /><br />Another problem was that almost all the real life examples Zander uses are about orchestra. I appreciate music, but I wished there could be more variety. I got sick of the repetition. Worst of all, almost all of Zander's personal stories are about times he did something amazing. At first I was impressed, but after a while, it sounded egotistical. He should have incorporated more examples from everyday people and avoided focusing on his own life so much. When the authors started suggesting solutions for ending terrorism, I was done. It was too over-the-top, too simplistic.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Well at first I got a little bit bored but when they actually got into the killing arena then with a mix of bloodthirst from all the district players it turned out to be one of the greatest books that I have ever read!
B000BYY0RY|5.0|It took me about 2 weeks to get this DVD after i purchased it. But the wait was worth! It's simply amazing. It contains most of Kylie's best hits and I've been playing it every single day...
B000TXG3YA|5.0|First heard a Baroness song (Isak) on satellite radio and really liked it so I checked out this album and its become a favorite. Good example of a band where you can hear the influences without being an obvious ripoff. To me it sounds like sort of a cross between QOTSA, Mastodon, Isis, with even a little bit of Mars Volta. These guys get lumped into the stoner metal crowd a lot but they tend to stand out from most of those bands, and in my opinion they're a lot more interesting than bands like the Sword, who I don't really care for. They definitely have their own sound, as they're one of the few bands you could say have punkish riffs but with a definite progressive side to it. Grows on you with repeated listens and is a true \\"album\\" that takes you on a cool ride with its peaks and valleys. Probably not recommended for extreme metal fans because this is more heavy rock than metal. I would put them somewhere between QOTSA and Mastodon on the heaviness scale....heavier than Queens but not quite as heavy as Mastodon.     Also...this is just my weird opinion so take this with a grain of salt, but this album has sort of a \\"wintery\\" vibe to it. Recommended listening: play this back-to-back with one of Opeth's recent records on a cold winter night after a few beers. For whatever reason this has been a good combination for me :)
B000G0O5N2|5.0|With director Ridley Scott, you never can quite tell if you're going to get something modest but unsatisfactory [Kingdom of Heaven, Body of Lies] or epic filmmaking [Alien, Gladiator.]<br /><br />Thankfully, with 'Black Hawk Down', Ridley Scott helms an ensemble cast in a modern warfare film that feels and smells authentic.  It is 1993, and an elite, military extraction of a high-level priority target, Somalian warlord Mohammed Farrah, by U.S. special forces is derailed when an American helicopter is rocketed down.  The extraction mission quickly turns into a search-and-rescue mission as ground and air forces coordinate their efforts to extract Mohammed Farrah as well as bring the downed crew of the helicopter to safety, all while the city of Mogadishu and its fierce militiamen seek to violently repel all American forces.<br /><br />Most war films centers around core and familiar values of honor, duty, bravery, loyalty, and sacrifice.  The audience expects to see these values represented and reaffirmed in the heroes and absconded by the villains.  'Black Hawk Down' is a remarkable piece of filmmaking since it captures the danger of modern warfare with such alarming imminence that we the audience immediately question the wisdom of these values.  Nowhere is this tension between moral duty and survival instincts sharply juxtaposed than when the American helicopter is rocketed down and American forces continue to put themselves in harm's way to rescue the downed crew.  Even though we the audience are a degree removed from the decision to rescue the downed crew, since we can evaluate all options with the luxury of time and safety, the choice to do the right thing is still hard even for us to agree with since the danger involved in rescuing comrades and brothers-in-arms comes across so authentically.  This immersion to the emotional pressure and constraints of war can be credited to Ridley's incredible and artistic handling of the film and the historical events it portrays.<br /><br />Most war films border on Michael Bay testosterone-and-guns slow-motion music video effect when armed conflict is not treated with a basic respect for loss of life.  Ridley Scott, for his part, unflinchingly presents the carnage of modern warfare without ever diluting the human element of an individual's death.  American and Somalian casualty alike, no matter how numerous it happens to occur in this film, never seems to be treated lightly or with indifference.  In a world torn by war and conflict, men and women full of life and sharing a common link of humanity gun one another down almost senselessly.  It is to the film's credit that the graphic violence it presents does not numb the audience to human death but rather elicits a consciousness of the true price of war.<br /><br />It's always great to see an ensemble cast come together so vibrantly, and 'Black Hawk Down' continues this grand tradition when an ensemble cast clicks.  Look for your favorite actors putting in pitch-perfect performances in roles that are either great or small.  Tom Sizemore as the unflappable officer.  Ewan McGregor as a green rookie.  Jeremy Piven as a unconscious pilot.  Eric Bana in a strange American accent offering stoic, veteran advice.  And Josh Hartnett as a brave commanding soldier is the diamond hidden in the rough.<br /><br />In conclusion, 'Black Hawk Down' is an incredible piece of filmmaking that has significant resonance in today's political climate and America's current conflict in Afghanistan.  War films, when done correctly, honestly portray vulnerable human emotions in a time of bloodshed.  They also attest to the spirit that noble values, such as sacrifice and loyalty, are indeed doubted in times of peril, but they nonetheless sustain individuals in times of peril.  I am proud to salute a flag that affirms such noble values.order on Michael Bay testosterone-and-guns slow-motion music video effect when armed conflict is not treated with a basic respect for loss of life.  Ridley Scott, for his part, unflinchingly presents the carnage of modern warfare without ever diluting the human element of an individual's death.  American and Somalian casualty alike, no matter how numerous it happens to occur in this film, never seems to be treated lightly or with indifference.  In a world torn by war and conflict, men and women full of life and sharing a common link of humanity gun one another down almost senselessly.  It is to the film's credit that the graphic violence it presents does not numb the audience to human death but rather elicits a consciousness of the true price of war.  It's always great to see an ensemble cast come together so vibrantly, and 'Black Hawk Down' continues this grand tradition when an ensemble cast clicks.  Look for your favorite actors putting in pitch-perfect performances in roles that are either great or small.  Tom Sizemore as the unflappable officer.  Ewan McGregor as a green rookie.  Jeremy Piven as a unconscious pilot.  Eric Bana in a strange American accent offering stoic, veteran advice.  And Josh Hartnett as a brave commanding soldier is the diamond hidden in the rough.  In conclusion, 'Black Hawk Down' is an incredible piece of filmmaking that has significant resonance in today's political climate and America's current conflict in Afghanistan.  War films, when done correctly, honestly portray vulnerable human emotions in a time of bloodshed.  They also attest to the spirit that noble values, such as sacrifice and loyalty, are indeed doubted in times of peril, but they nonetheless sustain individuals in times of peril.  I am proud to salute a flag that affirms such noble values.But I thought to myself that a country without noble values is not worth defending.
B0030BOCEG|5.0|First off buy the 2 disc version over the mp3s or single disc, the 2nd disc is Valo doing acoustic for every song, great listening, especially if u like Uneasy Listening Vol. 1.  HIM's newest album isn't Venus Doom with heavy metal overtures and it isn't dark.  Its a peaceful and inspiring piece of art.  Even picasso had a blue period.  Things change. Lives change.  This is the first time I think HIM could appear on your mom and dad's radio station.  Its amazing and crafted in Love, not the hate of love.  I enjoy all of HIM's albums.  The theme seems to be to me, love is a gift, cherish it while you have it.....and cherish this album.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I love this CD. It is a wonderful, ecclectic of the songs that Susan Boyle likes; and that makes me like her even more.  It is not stuffy, just real music, beautifully sung.
B0029LHW68|2.0|30 Seconds to Mars started out somewhere in left field, coupling modern rock sensibilities with prog rock overtones and, well, scifi. It was an interesting mix that sounded familiar, but somehow from the future. \\"A Beautiful Lie\\" saw the band take a more pared approach (read: mainstream, if you like) to their songs and I believe it worked. It certainly garnered them more success than their first album, which leads us to \\"This Is War\\" and what I believe is a clearly calculated step full into the mainstream. How else can you account for the collaboration with Kanye West? While I'm certainly not against that, the inclusion of Auto-Tune in addition to Kanye's presence stinks of a bigger budget and more time spent on production than refining songwriting. It's as if they asked themselves how many tracks they could fit the child choir into just because they had the money to do it. Some bands are able to elevate their music by adding layers, \\"This is War\\", however, flattens the sound of the band. It's more soaring, but less impacting as everything is made to sound big, fresh, new. Unfortunately, it sounds bland and unoriginal with each song barely differentiating from each other and being continually bloated.    The band may have dropped most of their angst, vocally at least, and while the scifi lyrics and song titles abide, the far out view doesn't rest as well with the standard mainstream song structures and crooning. This album isn't terrible, far from it, it's just a disappointment for me. There's little that is special about this band anymore. 30 Seconds to Mars was a band I appreciated, if from slightly afar, because they were attempting to create an otherworldly facade, a persona, a story about themselves. This I found intellectually interesting even if they never actually reached the echelon of being labeled as something special and not to be missed. There was promise in their premise. Now, they're like so many others, thinking that more equals better. It's a shame,the band's premise is interesting, but it's execution continues to be slightly flawed and calculated, much like many of Leto's films. \\"This is War\\" shows that the band really is an act instead of emoting real expression through their chosen medium. They still make pretty videos, though.
0446567337|5.0|If you enjoy other books by Nicholas Sparks, you'll enjoy this one as well. You fall in love with the characters, and your heart breaks along with them. I cried my eyes out!
B00280LYIC|5.0|this book was tremendous! there were twists at every corner. but dont be fooled by the movie, which is loosely based upon the novel. i stayed up late for 3 nights until 2:30 reading this book. although i like greek mythology very much some dont like it which may make the book boring for them.
1881273156|5.0|I purchased this book for my husband and myself when we first got married and it is fantastic. We have both read it and our marriage has only gotten better. There's always room for improvement and this book is a great learning tool. It's short and easy to read and understand. I love the real life ideas it gives. I would definitely recommend it to any couple, new and old.
6304498969|5.0|I have, so far, watched this performance 42 times on VHS and 29 times on DVD, for a total of 71 times, and still counting.  One night I was holding a beautiful 7-month old baby in my arms, while watching the VHS tape.  This was the first time that she had ever heard it.  She was ROCKING OUT to Clapton.  She was moving her arms, legs, and whole body to the music.  A few months later, after she had learned to walk, we would put the tape on and she would toddle over to the TV, stand right in front of it, and ROCK OUT.  If Tiffany and I like it so much, I can guarantee that YOU will love it as well.  One of the greatest performances, by anybody, in history.
006176759X|3.0|This book is about a girl named Jane who moves to L.A. with her best friend Scarlett. When I picked it up in the bookstore and read the summary on the library website, I expected it to be light and fluffy, not a book with a real heavy morale. When I read it I found that my prediction was correct, but I really liked it anyway. Some people would think of this book as a guilty-pleasure, and I have to admit I agree. I really liked how realistic the author made it, how it felt like I was watching behind-the-scenes of the reality show that the girls got persuaded into being on. I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a good and quick book just to read for fun, preferably at the beach or by the pool, just to relax and have a good way to spend some time. Although I do thinkt that this book is shallow and to some people might not be worth the time, I am excited to read the sequel.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Oh my gawd! I've been waiting for this thing for years!!! I just love Daria! And so do thousands of others! I mean beavis and butthead sure...whatever. Was never my forte. But Daria finally MTV has gotten my many memo's! ROFL I'm sooo happy!<br />And it's gonna be out for my  b-day! I'm so stoked!!!!
160094048X|5.0|They're back, and this time it's personal. Isa Chandra Moskowitz and Terry Hope Romero are after your very own cookie jar. 'Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar' takes the beloved, versatile dessert and turns it on its dairy-free head, picking up where 'Vegan Cupcakes' left off. This cute, compact collection of 100 crowd-pleasing hand-holds hits the spot with the classics (think chocolate chip and snickerdoodles), to fancier creations--Chocolate Marmalade Sandwich Cookies and Pistachio Green Tea Biscotti to start. Don't forget the bars. If eight mouth-watering versions of brownies sounds too good to be true, then you're in for a treat. One read through the colorful pages and every kitchen is destined to be a full-blown cookie factory in no time.
B002N3GD2Q|5.0|Whenever Rhino is involved in a project it is usually done quite tastefully. This 6CD set from \\" The Doors \\" is certainly no exception. I am a huge Doors fan and have all the recently released live sets from \\" The Doors \\" mostly on the Bright Midnight label and while they are all very fine captured moments in The Doors legacy this one smokes them all hands down. As usual when The Doors perform the crowd is quite rowdy to say the least and the are captured very well on these discs. But in no way does it interfere with the music. In fact I think it enhances the feeling of a Live Doors show. The music ( some of which appears on the incredible \\" Absolutely Live \\" Lp from 1970 ) is recorded well and hits the mark quite well. This is the best Live Doors I have ever heard. You get four complete shows on two different nights. There may be better live material out there but I have not heard it. I realize its a little pricey in this bad economy but If you can swing it you won't regret it. It is worth it. This my friends is real Rock n Roll!
B002SJIO5E|4.0|DISTRICT 9<br /><br />STARRING: Sharlto Copley, Jason Cope, Sylvaine Strike, Nathalie Boltt, John Summer and William Allen Young<br /><br />WRITTEN BY: Neill Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell<br /><br />DIRECTED BY: Neill Blomkamp<br /><br />Rated: R<br />Genre: Science Fiction<br />Release Date: 14 August 2009<br /><br />District 9 would be a bench-mark of success for any filmmaker, let alone a first time writer and director like Neill Blomkamp. It's no surprise his film found its place among the top ten nominated for the Academy Award for best picture.<br /><br />It starts off slow and is shot kind of like a documentary. I'll admit, the beginning of the film could have been done a little better, but it does serve a purpose. It sets up the characters and the film's thick underlying theme; which is prejudice and segregation.<br /><br />We learn that in the 80s, an alien spices landed on Earth. Not in Manhattan or Los Angeles, but in Johannesburg, South Africa.<br /><br />The alien's massive `mother ship' still hovers above the city, years after they landed. The special effects used for this little trick are flawless. Seeing as two of my picks for best special effects didn't receive nominations (2012 and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen), it's between District 9 and Avatar for the Oscar. If you think the spaceship looks cool, just wait till you see the creatures.<br /><br />They reminded me of a cross between The Fly and Predator. Because of this, they are referred to as the slur name `prawns.' After the humans become agitated by their presence (some twenty years later) they put forth an effort to have them sanctioned off, into a lower-status-quo part of town referred to as `District 9'. Should they refuse, they are terminated.<br /><br />Our hero is Wickus, played by a newbie by the name of Sharlto Copley. You can expect to see a lot more of this guy, because he was brilliant. Matter of fact, he's already going to be starring opposite Liam Neeson, Jessica Biel and Bradley Cooper in the upcoming action flick, The A-Team.<br /><br />It's no wonder Sharlto was interested in the material, as he was born a native of Johannesburg. Add on the fact that the film was produced by Peter Jackson, and he seems like a pretty smart dude to me.<br /><br />As the film is filled with intense action sequences and grizzly alien images, I'm sure a great number of its viewers will miss these important political analogies all together. If we are lucky, maybe they'll listen to the audio commentary.Sharlto was interested in the material, as he was born a native of Johannesburg. Add on the fact that the film was produced by Peter Jackson, and he seems like a pretty smart dude to me.     As the film is filled with intense action sequences and grizzly alien images, I'm sure a great number of its viewers will miss these important political analogies all together. If we are lucky, maybe they'll listen to the audio commentary.
B002WCLG48|1.0|Alright, if you like amine (some is ok, I guess), and if you half halfheartedly like the Halo franchise... then you'll probably like this.  Bonus points if \\"Contact: Harvest\\" was better than the other pulp novels.    If you really like the Halo story, however, Legends is not worth it.  The least disappointing section rated as what I expected the worst section would preform.  There were another two segments that were a distant second, one was memorable because it was so awful (Spartan 1337 runs into dinosaur problems and some school children help beat up a monkey with an exo-skeleton, which was killed by a rainbow and what appears to be a MAC round with a pilot's window, all while sounding like Evan Stone), one had some flashy CG and no heart... the rest I don't remember and I watched this 3 hours ago.  I won't go into further detail about nit-picky things, but I will say that it's questionable if the producers bothered learning about the story lines which they were attempting to tell and it appears that more money was spent advertising the product three days before the street date to sucker us into buying it day one.    I really wish I didn't see this because it lowered the value of the franchise for me and my friend.  I apologized for how bad it was after we watched it.  And during... several times.
B00288KNJU|5.0|This movie was really different.  I mean not normal different but out there creatively just brilliantly different.  The movie is spooky so I wouldn't recommend it for young children.  There was a bit of a draggy feeling at some point, but you shouldn't miss this film because it will blow your mind to see the world they come up with.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|I'm usually frustrated by the matchmaking of Emma.  But I love this version. Romola Garai is fabulous as Emma.  She brings youth and innocence to the role which Gwyneth Paltrow was sadly lacking.  Emma is not meant to be conniving, just not out and about enough.  This is the way it's portrayed.  I'm going to own this one.
B000031XBQ|4.0|To Fellow Fans of ABBA:    Not very long ago, to add to my audio collection of the \\"most successful 'sexually inteegrated' band (ladies AND gents in the same group) in the history of recorded music\\", I added \\"ABBA-Oro\\" to my collection of their great music...    ,,,and even though this CD's works ARE primarily targeted for the Spanish-speaking audience worlwide, even English-speaking fans of ABBA can enjoy their music on this CD.    I do admit to placing the Spanish (from this CD) and English (from the 4-CD \\"Thank You for the Music\\" ABBA music collection) versions of the same ABBA song beside each other, and greatly enjoy hearing both of them together when listening, and it's only increased my respect and admiration for what's got to be the BEST sounding popular music works ever written.    With Spanish becoming so important in the USA, letting any Hispanophone friends hear ABBA's music in Spanish for themselves, is bound to get them enjoying the \\"Scandinavian Fab Four's\\" music as well.    I'd definitely recommend \\"ABBA-Oro\\" for another great way to enjoy Agnetha, Björn, Benny and Frida's fantastic hits.    Dave from New England
B0026P3G12|5.0|Sarah Boyle has a very versatile voice.  Whether it's religious music, show-tune or torch, she's on target!  Listening is a delightful experience.
B0025KVLVA|5.0|In 1988, Capitol/Parlophone rereleased The Beatles' entire catalogue (well, the British albums anyway) onto CD. At the time of their releases onto compact disc, people loved them. They all sounded great, they thought. 'What a vast improvement this is to my vinyl' all were comments made at the time.     As the times changed, technology changed and vastly improved. Sound quality on Beatles issues started becoming vastly inferior to other reissues, and it began to irritate Beatles fans and music critics that The Beatles were not getting CD remasters, unlike many other artists of that era.     Finally, in 2009, 21 years after the first CD reissues of The Beatles' catalogue came out, The Beatles' finally got the treatment they have deserved. Their entire catalogue was remastered on compact disc. And, although I must admit, I only have but one remaster (as of February 18, 2010, that being 'Sgt. Pepper'), I have heard most of them, and let me tell you, they sound INCREDIBLE. Forget the 1980s CD reissues. THESE 2009 remasters are the ones to get if you are a new Beatles fan.     Now, enough with me boasting about the CD remasters. It's time for me to review to product on hand.    It was nice to have all of the original British records in on CD, but part of what made The Beatles great were their non-album singles. Many of their essential songs did not appear on any of their records, and it was quite nice to have them on CD again. They were not included on the albums as bonus tracks. Instead, Parlophone released 'Past Masters, Vol. 1,' collecting their first three years on Capitol (1962-1965) and 'Past Masters, Vol. 2,' which collects their latter day singles (1966-1969).    I have always thought that these should be reissued as one little package together as a two CD set. And finally, along with the other albums, in 2009, 'Past Masters' was remastered and re-released into a two CD set, something that is long overdue.    Now, to the review.     'PAST MASTERS, VOL. 1'  Review:This is, in my opinion (although believe me, this was a tough call) probably the weaker of the two volumes. This is The Beatles during their early years, although towards the very end of the disc, you can hear The Beatles maturing musically and giving a foretaste of things to come. The first track on this disc is the single version of 'Love Me Do,' released in 1962. This features Ringo Starr on drums (this is actually quite different than the version that is typically featured on Beatles compilations; that version was featured on the 1963 'Please Please Me' album and featured British session pro Andy White on drums, and Ringo only on tambourine). This also features early songs like 'I Want to Hold Your Hand,' 'She Loves You' and 'Thank You Girl,' three of their best early songs.    It's also interesting to hear two German-sung versions of 'I Want to Hold Your Hand' and 'She Loves You.' The Beatles were not the only band to rerecord a song in the German language; The Beach Boys also rerecorded their hit 'In My Room' in the German language as well. These are interesting, but were clearly included for the Beatles collector as opposed to the casual fan.    But the highlights of this disc come at the very tail end. 'She's A Woman,' 'Long Tall Sally,' 'Bad Boy' and 'Yes It Is' (why John Lennon hated this song is beyond me) are among the best songs of theirs from 1965 (and believe me, there were two studio albums worth of material in 1965, but that's a different review).    While this isn't as strong as 'Vol. 2,' this is a very good disc. It's the early Beatles, and it's very interesting, actually. You can hear the Beatles mature throughout the disc, as I stated earlier. They were experimenting with several different styles of music ('She's A Woman' is very much a 1950s-R&B influenced track, and McCartney proves how much Little Richard influenced him), something they would do frequently, especially during the next two years. This is a recommended listen for a seasoned ornew Beatles fan. My rating: 4.5 out of 5 stars.    'PAST MASTERS, VOL. 2'  Review: On this disc, you will hear The Beatles' single releases from 1966-1969. As I've mentioned several times, this is the superior disc of the two volumes. It starts off with 'Day Tripper,' a song about an LSD trip (or so I've heard) and 'We Can Work It Out,' two songs that were non-album singles in the UK but did appear on the 'Yesterday...And Today' album in the United States. These songs both reached #1, and rightfully so. The Beatles, as they proved here, were no longer a \\"Beat group from Liverpool.\\"     As this disc goes on, you'll hear The Beatles as they enter their psychedelic rock phase. 'The Inner Light,' a George Harrison composition that is heavily sitar-driven, is a song that is quite interesting, and also showed Harrison's fascination with world music. It's a great song indeed; if I'm not mistaken, I think he's the only Beatle that appears on this track. It appeared as the b-side to 'Lady Madonna.'    Speaking of 'Lady Madonna,' that also appears here as well. It was yet another smash hit for the Fab Four; this was also a #1 single for the band. It's piano driven, and it shows the band as they are starting to move away from the psychedelic rock genre and back into the pure rock sound.    Perhaps the most beautiful and moving song in The Beatles' entire catalogue is 'Hey Jude.' This song was written by Paul McCartney in 1968 to comfort John Lennon's son, Julian, as his parents were divorcing. The song is incredibly uplifting, and it's not only one of The Beatles' best songs, but one of the best songs of all-time in my opinion. Why this didn't appear on an album is beyond me. (Note: In 1970, Capitol Records released a compilation album of rarities in America, entitled 'Hey Jude (or The Beatles Again).')    Now, we have two singles that were intended for release on the aborted 'Get Back' album, which was supposed to be produced by Glyn Johns. The title track and 'Don't Let Me Down' were both released as singles in 1969, and are among my favorite Beatles songs. They're just so rocking, unlike anything else in their catalogue.    Some new fans may be asking why 'Let It Be' appears here, after it appeared on an album (it even had an album named after it in 1970). This is the single version, released in 1969. Producer Phil Spector remixed the track to have a more \\"stinging\\" guitar effect for the album. This version is probably the better version, if you ask me.    As you all know, The Beatles disbanded in 1970 shortly after the release of the 'Let It Be' album, and all chances of a Beatles reunion died when John Lennon was shot and killed in December 1980.     Overall, 'Past Masters, Vol. 2' is an outstanding compilation of some of The Beatles' most interesting tracks that should have been released on studio albums, but weren't. Every song here is worthy of a billion stars, and it's the better of the two volumes (although not by much). My rating: 5 out of 5 stars.    ADDITIONAL COMMENTS:  This disc is highly recommended for any Beatles fan. Regardless if you are new or a longtime fan of the Fab Four, buy this 2009 two-disc remaster/reissue. The sound quality is slamming, and everything here is essential material.     Highly, highly recommended.    ENJOY!!!
B000000LZV|5.0|I have a copy of this album on vinyl (old school right) and I love it so much   I know most people would write lengthy reviews but words cannot descride what this   album means to me. The Minutemen were 3 working class from San Predo  That signed to Black Flag guitarist Greg Ginn's label SST.   Mike Watt's funky bass playing skills similar to that of Bootsy Collins.  There are so many highlights of this album I really like Corona Jeaus and Tequila   and A Political Song For Micheal Jackson To Sing.  This album should be in any music fans collection
B000JMKQX0|5.0|Unlike most books that i have read World War Z is written in complete interviews that tells storys of hard ship and the things we regret when we lose what we though we never had. This book is filled with intersting people who you would of thought would never have survived a zombie war theres generals doctors and even a disabled person who tells his story i recomend buying the zombie survival guide before reading this so then you know what may go on in the book it is a great book and seriously recommend it for anyone who likes zombies
1572816112|5.0|The card stock is excellent, cards are thick and have a mate finish, confortable to handle.    It comes is a big box that in my case came bruised, so it prevented the deck to damage.    It comes with a small poster/layout, very thoughtful.    As a tarot deck, I recommend it to seasoned readers. The art work is powerful and unique, I love it.    Cards have white borders, if you like to trim decks, this one calls for it.
B002LK3DUQ|5.0|It was a very good film. Not just for kids but also for grownups who have experienced the ups (no pun intended) and the downs of life (loss of a loved one). The subject matter was dealt with in a kind and thoughtful manner. And, the main lesson, learning to let go, is a critical one. I highly recommend this movie to anyone who have experienced the loss of a loved one who is ready to hear the message, \\"until we meet again.\\"
B0011UY6HG|5.0|EMI have done us a favor by gathering the late Schubert Piano Sonatas onto a double CD by separating them from the Bostridge performed Songs they were originally coupled with. These are outstanding performances, in the category of the great recordings by Richter, Lupu and Uchida (and Perahia's latest recodings have joined that elite group as well). Andsnes manages to combine both power and poetry into a beautiful sound. These should be in every complete collection of late schubert. Perhaps D.958 and 959 are just slightly superior to D.960 which starts a little heavy but then quickly settles into a beautiful performance; otherwise, superb.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|Beautifully written and acted. It's rare for a foreign film to capture so many accolades. It is a bit tough to watch in some places due to the main theme (funerals). However, it does offer life lessons about dealing with the loss of a loved one. I highly recommend this film to anyone who has expeienced a loss and is ready to celebrate their life.
B001C4AFOY|5.0|I have been reading about Victorian History for a long time, and when I had a chance to see this film I was so excited. And I am very happy to say, I was not disappointed:) Emily Blunt is amazing ... pretty much ... Everything about this movie was Amazing. If you enjoy period dramas this movie is perfect for you.....
B00001ZSZX|4.0|I actually feel bad for completely forgetting about this wonderful album.  I last listened to it around 10 years ago, and I remember enjoying it tremendously the first time I heard it.    I think it's the vocal melodies that mostly caught my attention the first time around.  Hearing Firefly again 10 years later, well, it's probably not as good as I once thought, however, that's probably due to the fact my tastes have changed and expanded since then.  That doesn't mean I can't still appreciate the direction Uriah Heep went with this album.     Firefly is mostly an album that centers around the vocals.  If you don't like the lead singer, you probably won't like the album period.  Of course, if you can't stand the bands silly demons and dragons gimmick that involves some less than spectacular songwriting skills, than you won't like the album either.  Hey, Uriah Heep is quite an enjoyable band, but their gimmick isn't something that appeals to everyone, that's for sure.    \\"The Hanging Tree\\" has a pretty good chorus, and a great beat that runs through the track.  That's pretty much how I feel about that- a great opener.  The title song is magically delicious, haha.  I couldn't resist!  The title song DOES have some splendid vocals.  That's something that can't be ignored.      Yes, perhaps the vocals sound similar to something the Little River Band or the Orleans would create, but who cares, the atmosphere is nice and dreamy, and the vocals bring me in every time, so for that, I enjoy the song.    \\"Been Away Too Long\\" is a very underrated song.  I love the emotions in the lead singer- he sounds frustrated when he sings the lyrics, and it comes across as believable to me, so I enjoy it.      Firefly is quite a good album to be totally honest.  Sure, the band wasn't exactly breaking new ground when they made this album, but for what it is (an album with pretty solid vocal melodies) it's good enough to recommend a purchase.
0061730327|5.0|\\"The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind\\" is a book chronicling the life of William Kamkwamba, a 14-year-old boy from Malawi, Africa who through strong will and determination, creates a windmill that changes the lives of his family, village and beyond.    I'm not going to waste your time with a deeper synopsis since you can get that straight from Amazon. Here's why I thought this book was incredible, in no particular order:    >> Great storytelling: I felt like a little kid listening to an elder's story, filled with mystery and magic, and everyday stories of growing up. The tone of the writing was story-teller, matter-of-fact, and I appreciated the honesty conveyed in this manner.    >> Inside view of the recent history of Malawi: Intense descriptions of famine, poverty and government corruption. Yes, you hear about this sort of stuff on the news, but this first-hand account is very real and exacerbating because it's so real. It's one thing to see Angelina Jolie visiting a struggling nation in Africa, but a whole 'nutha eye-opening experience to read about it this way.    >> Evokes gratefulness: To be reminded that horrific famine and basic life struggles exist NOW reminds you to be thankful for things we take for granted every day -- a meal, electricity, running water...    >> Evokes hope: A great story about a young boy who never gives up hope. A great lesson to be learned by our youth, and heck, even us grown-ups can use some hope.    >> This is NOW: Once you reach the end of the book, you are in the present time (the guts of the book are set in the mid 2000s). The story continues as you read this very review! Kamkwamba, now 22, and just having discovered the internet a few years ago, blogs and is on Twitter! You can follow him, interact with him... it seems amazing when you think about it.    Here's my mini-caveat: If you're looking for a book that *KABOOM* puts you in the throes of a boy's scientific discovery and windmill-makin', you will be frustrated. You instead aredropped into daily Malawian life, childhood stories, and details of the great famine that plagued Malawi in the last decade. Windmill-building is only a gleam in the eye for many pages--you'll only get little sprinkles of it here and there. If you want to start in the thick of it, skip to a later chapter, or skip this title altogether. It would be a shame if you did, though. There's a reason why it was on the NYT best sellers list, and Amazon's top 10 books of 2009. Simply moving.
B000002UZU|5.0|I've had the double album of this recording from the time it first came out and have been looking for the CD for a while now.  The performances by Hooker as a soloist on the first 5 or 6 tracks reveal an artist at the height of his powers. JLH is still as vigorous and dynamic as a young man yet measured and sensitive as a veteran.  They miked his right foot for the whole album so his stomping out the boogie beat adds to his strong vocals and masterful guitar work. Messin' With the Hook, Send Me Your Pillow are up tempo boogies while The Feeling Is Gone and Sittin' Here Thinkin\\" are soulful reflective blues.    When Alan Wilson joins him for the next half dozen tracks, you can hear two gifted musicians playing off one another.  The Blind Owl accompanies JLH on harp, slide guitar and piano.  In between cuts JLH talks about his approach to the album and his amazement at Wilson's ability to follow along and play off his guitar. You Talk Too Much and Burning Hell are my favorites.  In the latter track you can feel the hellfire blazing. This was Alan Wilson's last recording session before his untimely death.  That's why his photo appears on the wall behind the rest of the players on the cover art.  The last 5 cuts are with the band backing JLH.  Whiskey & Wimmen, Let's Make It and Boogie Chillin No.2 are my favorites.  In all of the band work they play with restraint that goes to prove that what you don't play can reveal the mastery of your musicianship more than what flashy embellishments you could throw into the mix. Sometimes I think that Henry Vestine overdid it with flashy lead guitar licks but that's not the case on this album.  He shows that he's capable of adding spice to the stew without making it too hot to handle.
B00013RC9I|4.0|When It comes to music, I tend to like it loud and fast. Bombastic, you might say. That's true for classical, jazz, pop, rock or electronica. That's not to say that I won't listen to other music, and even enjoy it very much, but when it comes to serious listening, give me the \\"1812 Overture\\" at high volume and I'll be ecstatic.  Well, these days I listen to Electronica more than anything else. The Chemical Brothers, The Prodigy, Orbital, The Crystal Method and a host of others are on my playlist, but give me their more bombastic selections, please.<br /><br />OK, but then why are you reviewing Air? Well, it's an accident. Amazon gives me a list of things their computer thinks I might enjoy. I've never heard most of the acts and don't bother to listen to samples. Hence, Air and \\"Talkie Walkie.\\" It's a good album put together by two French electronica artists and I think highly of it. Well done. Would I buy it again or buy another Air album? No. But, it's nice to have in my collection and whenever I might have guests who like electronic and prefer the softer and more mellow, out comes Air.<br /><br />What can I say? Well, the songs are soft and melodic and quite well put together, of this there is no question. I enjoy listening to the CD, but only as background music that doesn't interfere with the other things I'm doing. It doesn't grab my attention and I don't want it to. If you like soft, mellow and, yes, airy, music then you may enjoy this album very much, especially if you enjoy the electronic style of putting songs together. It's an excellent album, just not to my tastes.<br /><br />Gary Peterson
B001TH8UUA|5.0|I wanted to post a quick review on this cable. I just bought a new 46\\" LCD tv and needed some HDMI cables to connect my xbox, tivo hd, etc to the tv and I wasn't about to spend $25 per cable for the \\"cheap ones\\" at my local store or $100 for the major brand ones. I came home ordered 3 of these cables for $6.50 each and had them shipped to me. The cables arrived in the hassle free packaging and are great quality!<br /><br />My xbox 360 connected just fine and I got rid of the clunky component adapter, nice to clean up some cables! I then connected my Tivo and got a issue with the HDCP handshake between the tivo and tv and I couldn't see any video. I upgraded the firmware of my new TV following the direcitons in my manual and the error cleared up. The picture with this cable is amazing.<br /><br />I really don't think you can go wrong with these cables, I bought 3 of them and I plan on ordering more of them as I need them. These are great cables at a great price. You don't need to spend more then this on HDMI cables! These work perfectly and with amazon's hassle free return policy you can return them if they don't work, but honestly isn't it worth a $6 gamble if it could save you 3 times that per cable!<br /><br />Give these a shot, they are well worth it! I am very happy.
B00064X3KO|4.0|I had heard of Jamie Cullum, but not seen him until the Johnny Mercer special on TCM. Like what I saw and heard, so ordered this album. And I like it very much. Interesting performer, and I like that he sings so many of the standards -- like Johnny Mercer!<br /><br />I look forward to more.
B000003NA3|5.0|I was listening to Pandora Internet Radio and I was able to simply click the \\"buy\\" icon for these John Coltrane recordings, and they were delivered quick and in perfect condition.
0385523904|5.0|\\"Nothing to Envy\\" is one of the more significant books I've read recently.  I think there is so much here that makes this book worthwhile.  It can raise awareness to a wide audience and bring home the reality of what has happened and is happening in North Korea.<br /><br /> It seems that at this point everyone ought to be aware of what is going on in North Korea, but I think it is safe to say that isn't the case.  On a regular basis I encounter people that don't understand the depth of the plight the people of that country face.  This is a book that could really help change that.  It's not there are not other books with the information, but this book is very approachable.  Demick's style and excellent writing make this a true page turner.  I went in expecting that it may be dry, but that wasn't the case at all.  It wasn't over done, it didn't feel like fiction, but it is captivating.  By encapsulating the information that Demick has gleaned in a narrative form makes the reading incredibly easy, even compelling.  This is no text book, yet I think many will retain much more for that fact.<br /><br /> I don't want anyone to think this means Demick hasn't done the work.  Her explanation of the methods she used to gather the material and the notes that document her work prove that rigorous effort went into the creation of this book.  This couldn't have written by anyone who hadn't done all that work.  There is true value here for the reader, made possible by the effort of Demick.<br /><br /> A key part of this accessible format is that we meet the characters in this story as real human beings.  I think this is the second great strength of this book.  We aren't reading about some faceless 'them'.  It's impossible, I think for one to read this book without becoming emotionally involved in what is taking place.  I'm one who believes that this emotional involvment is a good thing as it leaves us dissatisfied with just sitting around waiting to see what happens.  Some of what the book depicts is just bizarre and it's difficult to understand how it has all come to be and how it can continue.  Yet so much of the tale is completely understandable human behavior, that anyone could relate to.<br /><br /> I would also think that the way this book pulls the reader in is valuable in that it forces one to think about just how all this came to be and how it can go on.  Every great act of inhumanity on a national scale prompts declarations of how we'll never let it happen again.  Yet it continues.  There are the seeds of deep thought here about the human condition and what we are capable of.<br /><br /> Finally, I struggle to imagine anyone living in the developed world who could read this and not feel that they have much which they take for granted.  It may be cliche but I think it is good for us to realize at times that we have it pretty good and there are many who are not so well off.  This is a valuable perspective to gain, in my opinion.  I heartily recommend this book to anyone who cares the least about the world and the people in it.st bizarre and it's difficult to understand how it has all come to be and how it can continue.  Yet so much of the tale is completely understandable human behavior, that anyone could relate to.     I would also think that the way this book pulls the reader in is valuable in that it forces one to think about just how all this came to be and how it can go on.  Every great act of inhumanity on a national scale prompts declarations of how we'll never let it happen again.  Yet it continues.  There are the seeds of deep thought here about the human condition and what we are capable of.     Finally, I struggle to imagine anyone living in the developed world who could read this and not feel that they have much which they take for granted.  It may be cliche but I think it is good for us to realize at times that we have it pretty good and there are many who are not so well off.  This is a valuable perspective to gain, in my opinion.  I heartily recommend this book to anyone who cares the least about the world and the people in it.
0439023491|4.0|This book was ok, I liked it but did not love it.  The first book I could not put down, this one took me a while to read it.  Disappointing but overall still a good book.
0891419195|5.0|I would highly recommend this book about WWII in the Pacific. Sledge has a remarkable way of writing that makes you feel what he felt.
B001B6EAOY|5.0|Great product, fast shipping and good price. Just remember to format in your psp or sony device.
B002XMGGK6|3.0|An intense thriller that contains more than one nail-biting scene. There are also quite a few gruesome scenes in the way of horror movies. Gerald Butler delivers his role with aplomb. This movie asks a lot of moral and ethical questions and answers possibly none of them. Although I wouldn't look at this film for moral fiber, I'd definitely turn to it for a diversion, and for another look at how divisive the justice system is. The most bothersome thing about this movie is the fact that the title isn't hyphenated.
0143117157|5.0|I heard about the movie, but I prefered to read the book. Nelson Mandela is an example of how life changes ones views of certain situation. An imprisioned man, fighting for the rights of his people, ends up fighting uniting a country. He wasn't a saint, but here on earth saints don't exist, just those who try to make a difference even with their faults and virtues. Great Read...
B001AVCFK6|5.0|The Star Trek Blu Ray DVD was in great condition, sealed as described in seller's description. It arrived within the time expected.
B0015AARJI|3.0|I don't understand why people think this controller is so wonderful.  Perhaps it is because it is essentially the same controller we've all been using the last 10 years so we are all use to it. While it is a sturdy controller, Sony has not addressed many of the design problems that plagued previous versions.  Although it is the best contoller on the PS3, it has a long way to go to be as good as the XBOX 360 controller.    CONS:  ANALOG STICKS ARE TOO LOOSE - Lack of friction makes aiming in FPS less precise (Try Modern Warefare 2 on both X360 and PS3 to compare). It is also difficult to control the speed the character runs in platformers and to do mild turns on driving games.    TRIGGER BUTTONS ARE SLIPPERY - Affects driving games where the trigger controls the accelerators.  All too often, I'll by trying to pull a move in fighting games or the trigger in FPS only to miss.    NO MEANS OF CHARGING THE CONTROLLER - You mean to tell me I need to charge this with the 2 foot USB wire that's included with the PS3 console?  It is kind of pointless for it to be a wireless controller if I need to attach it the PS3 with a wire to charge it. Why not have a slot for batteries?    SMALL - Just a matter of preference.  But I'm 5'6\\" with small hands and this controller feels uncomfortably small.  I can't see how the average american can say this is ergonomic.    D-PAD - While better than the Xbox360, I still find its difficult to do diagonal motions in 2D games and pull moves in fighting games compared to the controllers with the \\"+\\" shaped D-pad.    PROS:  DURABLE  LIGHT WEIGHT  RESPONSIVE BUTTONS
B0019X3ZZY|5.0|Call this film what you want, it is a masterpiece.  Although the film contains several scenes with repugnant and disturbing imagery, it has a profound message and theme underlying it all.  The problem with films of these nature is people tend to view them at mere face/entertainment value; yes, you are supposed to walk away from Salo disturbed, but you are also supposed to be thought-provoked.  I have seen countless people compare this film to others such as Cannibal Holocaust, I Spit on Your Grave, Saw, and Hostel, which strikes me as rather odd.  Unlike the latter four films, Salo and Cannibal Holocaust both use graphic imagery and violence to effectively get their points across and invoke sensationalism in the viewer.  Graphic violence can be effective in repulsing a viewer and satisfying a gorehound, but it can also be quite effective when used in the correct context.  With attention typically centering on the film's graphic nature, an overlooked aspect of the film is the beautiful way it is photographed.  Although this is an extremely powerful and effective film that I watch sporadically, it is an extremely difficult one to recommend.  If you do decide to view Salo, approach it with an open mind and delve underneath the graphic violence and dialogue to grasp what director Pasolini is trying to say.  If you are a gorehound or fan of extreme cinema drawn to this film just because of its notorious reputation and do not feel like analyzing metaphors and allegories, direct your attention elsewhere to mind-numbing and shallow gore flicks in the vein of Saw, Hostel, Guinea Pig series, and anything Lucio Fulci.  How many films made in the '70s can claim to be as powerful and relevant as when they were first made?  That should be a testament to the film's power.
0143038419|5.0|I loved this book - since I am a grandmother many times over, all I can say is WOW, I never would have been able to take the steps this woman did to \\"find\\" herself - but it was great to read about someone who did.  Gilbert is a very talented writer who really got me totally wrapped up in this emotional book.
B001VB8UAE|5.0|Barbra Streisand is at her best in the 2006 concert. With just a simple series of catwalks in the center of the arena with almost no props, Streisand proves she needs nothing but her fantastic interpretation of her classic pieces to hold an audience. A comparison with the earlier concert from the 90s included in the set shows how far she has come from the need to rely on props while doing the show. Barbra just gets better and better with age!
B002XTBE6K|4.0|2009's Emma (from the always exciting Masterpiece Theater) is a well directed, edited, and cast version of a true classic. The location for filming has a stunning, vibrant quality, not to mention having lovely costumes.    i liked the adaptation and writing of this movie very well and in general would recomend everyone who like Jane Austin or period drama to watch it.    The only thing i would say i did not enjoy was some of the exaggeration of the characters: Mr Woodhouse is portrayed a tad on the extreme side and almost like agoraphobic not at all how i think of him. Also Frank Churchill (although well acted) always struck me as more flirty but not deceitful in the book, this adaptation shows him engaged in truly scandalous seeming behavior. Emma herself is also a bit of a problem, shes too argumentative and silly in my opinion.    the only thing i can think of is that the BBC/Masterpiece wanted to engage a more \\"modern\\" audience by amping up the drama for 2009.  These changes are noticeable but for your average Jane Austin fan who doesn't take the purity of story too serous, Emma is truly enjoyable and well worth the watch.
B00138F080|5.0|This song is a great dancing song and has a great rythm. From listening to this song it is about \\"KIDS\\". The name says it all. From saying how they like to watch you laughing to saying decisions are made a lot. Talking about parenthood. This song has a rythm to it andis a great sounding song. If you love to dance this is your type of song. : )
B000FIMG68|4.0|Jack (Matthew Fox), Kate (Evangeline Lilly), Locke (Terry O' Quinn), Sayid (Naveen Andrews), and the rest are back, or are still, on the island for the second season of Lost. Are there any survivors from the tail section of Oceanic 815, and if there are what happened to them? Who are The Others and where did they come from? What's in the hatch? What will become of Michael (Harold Perrineau), Sawyer (Josh Holloway), Jin (Daniel Dae Kim), and Walt (Malcolm David Kelley)? This season in Lost some of these questions will be answered, and many more questions will go unanswered!    By now, with the last season airing it's first episodes over the last couple of weeks, I'm starting to wish that I had started watching Lost sooner. I want to hurry up and get through the first five seasons so I can actually pay attention to what people are saying about the show in it's last season. Unfortunately, I have to avoid conversations about the show, or risk learning spoilers or getting lost in plotlines that haven't even started to unravel in the second season yet. I even had to set aside last week's copy of Entertainment Weekly because there was an article with predictions for the sixth season, which meant they were going to point out things in the rest of the seasons that I have not seen yet. Of course, my wanting to get through this has to do with the fact that I love the show, and only like it even more as time goes by and want to know how it's all going to end, just like when I read a great book.    Season two really feels like another beginning to the show. We're introduced to another cast of characters and new places, so a lot of the show is spent with these new characters and places this season in introductions. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. And, of course, the writers do a great job of expounding on each character, focusing on a different character with a spotlight on one character with each episode. This focus doesn't take away from the show, or ever get tiring. Instead, this helps enlighten us as to as to who these characters are, and at times what motivates them to make the decisions that they make as well as giving us insight into the previous skills of each character and opening up new ways these characters were possibly connected before they crashed on the island.    The second season adds in new and exciting characters and great actors as well. In the second season we're introduced to characters played by Michelle Rodriguez (Avatar, The Fast and The Furious), Henry Ian Cusick (Dead Like Me: Life After Death, Hitman), Cynthia Watros (Titus, The Drew Carey Show), Julie Bowen (Modern Family, Happy Gilmore), and even Clancy Brown (Carnivale, The Guardian) and Katey Sagal (Married with Children, Sons of Anarchy) show up for a couple of episodes. The true standouts in this season though are Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje (The Mummy Returns, The Bourne Identity) as Mr. Eko, a man with a dark past who is now a priest, and Michael Emerson (Saw, The Legend of Zorro), who might be one of The Others or just a man who happened to crashed on the island by other means. As always the acting in this season is as superb as it was in the first season from all of the actors involved.    The main problem I have with this season though is that some of the characters either go against the way a real person would act in certain situations, or make really bad decisions. It's the first time I've seen this from this series, and at times had me nearly screaming at the TV. These bad ideas from characters leads the plot along at certain points, and while the places we are lead are exciting and drive the suspense, I believe there were other ways to get there than making bad decisions. Of course, it could be explained by the fact that these people are scared for their lives on a deserted island they crashed on and spend their time scared for their lives. That will cause people to do strange and stupid things, but I still couldn't buy some of the things that thecharacters did in this season.    All in all, Lost is still one of the best shows created for TV, but season 2 hit a snag. Rather than feeling like a season all it's own, it feels more like a place mat. You know how you read a book and you hit a chapter that doesn't tell a part of the story like the rest do, or read a series of books where one book doesn't quite stand on it's own (here's looking at you Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince), well, that's the way that Lost season 2 feels. But, hey, Lost's possible worst season is still better than most TV series best!    4/5
B002XMGGJM|5.0|This movie was great and kept me on the edge of my seat the whole time.. Great story line and great acting.. And its not really predictable.. There were a lot of surprises and twists
B000P6YNSE|4.0|SPOILER ALERT: If you have not seen the first two seasons of Lost you may want to wait to read this review. This will either give things away, or confuse you as you watch the first two seasons.    Things start to really heat up on the island as Jack (Matthew Fox), Sawyer (Josh Holloway), and Kate (Evangeline Lilly) find themselves prisoners of \\"The Others\\", who might need more from them than they're letting on. As for the other survivors of Oceanic 815, Mr. Eko (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje) and Locke (Terry O' Quinn) find another hatch which may prove that pushing a button every 108 minutes in the first hatch is futile. Could \\"The Others\\" be their chance to get off the island? Why hasn't anyone come to save the survivors of Oceanic 815? Where did \\"The Others\\" come from? What will happen if they don't push that button? What is the purpose of the Dharma Initiative? Some of these questions will be answered, and so many more will be asked by the end of the third season!    The first two seasons of Lost don't even begin to prepare you for what comes next, which is fine by me! One of the great things about Lost is it's compelling storyline that always keeps you guessing, and as time goes by I, all at once, feel that I wish I would have seen this when it first aired on TV and that I'm glad I waited. Watching all of this at once means that I don't have to wait after an episode to see what's going to happen next, but at the same time I can't really talk to anyone who's already seen the series about what happened in the episode I watched last night because they're already way beyond that. But here I am, a little closer to getting caught up with the series.    After season 2 which really felt more like a place holder between seasons 1 and 3, season 3 really gets the ball rolling on what the show's really about. Unlike the previous 2 seasons, season 3 might introduce you to new characters, but because those characters are meant to be shrouded in secrecy it doesn't do much to really introduce them. This lack of introduction allows the story to propel forward faster than the previous two seasons. Not only do you get flashbacks in season 3, but now you have flash forwards as well. The way that everything's set up is brilliant storytelling, even if it doesn't give you the satisfaction of a quick and easy payoff.    More new characters are added to the roster this season, most of which aren't really explained too much as they serve the purpose of fleshing out characters in flashbacks and flash forwards, or to further the story of \\"The Others\\". Of these new characters Elizabeth Mitchell (V, Gia) as Juliet is the most important. Of course, there's always the stand outs in the crowd, and Terry O' Quinn continues to shine as John Locke, but in his first full season Michael Emerson as the oily Benjamin Linus upstages everyone. As a master manipulator bending everyone to his needs, Michael Emerson is the true star of this season.    As with season 2 there is a slight problem of some characters doing things that seem to be more about moving the story along rather than being in the best interest of what the characters would or wouldn't do. While not as bad as the second season in this aspect, it can still be distracting as you move along through the series. Of course, this isn't a major problem, as the twists and turns of the plot may leave you more distracted than the character's acting against type at times, and those twists and turns keep your further invested in the story.    In my opinion, season 3 is really where Lost kicks off. The first two seasons get you into the characters, but the third season starts to answer some of the questions and pushes you into the direction of where everything is heading. Of course, by the end you'll probably be asking more questions than what you had answered, but the intrigue will leave you hungry for more.    4.5/5
0545140315|4.0|This book was a delight and it brought back some memories from high school (over 10 years ago)!  I enjoyed the characters and the playful flirting between Ryan and Penny.  I thought the Beatles idea was a fun twist.  I have recommended this book to everyone I know!
1400052173|3.0|Just so id doesn't sound like I damn this book with faint praise, let me say that this was an excellent story told well (for the most part). I'll save the synopsis for others. Needless to say, Henrietta Lacks' story is just as gripping as the science that was done with her cells. You will most likely enjoy her story (as I did).     My criticisms:    The author spends a rather substantial portion of the book describing her own efforts. It didn't add to Henrietta's story and leaving it out would have made for a better, more concise narrative.     Black people were treated inhumanely to say the least (go look up the Tuskeegee Syphilis Study, for example). At the risk of sounding callous, this is well trod ground and some of it could also have been omitted for the sake of brevity without losing any of the story's impact.     Lastly, there is an implicit condemnation of the doctors that took her cells (the author does say that this was \\"common practice\\" at the time). I can tell you that as a former cancer patient who has been biopsied more times than I care to remember, once a doctor removes something from you, it's gone. They are not going to pay you for it.     Those criticism aside, this is a worthy read.
B001NLL93W|5.0|This book was the perfect ending to a beautiful story. It has opened my eyes to a whole new realm of books.
B000UJ48O0|3.0|I dont know if shipping had something to do with this problem but when i gave this gift to my girlfriend on christmas the cover was falling off, some of the sleaves to hold the disks were damaged or just didnt even hold the disk at all. Just looked real sloppy wasnt to impressed. The disks looked to be in great condtion.
0307271862|5.0|This story takes the reader from Sweden to China to Africa -- and gives a good history of the cruelty that took place in the building of the American railroads in the 1800s and how old sins never die.<br /><br />It begins with the murder of an entire small Swedish Hamlet. The only thing the victims have in common is that they all share the same last name. The police find someone who confesses to the crime. Meantime a judge, Birgitta Roslen, who lives in distant Helsingborg, reads the account and is struck by the name Andren.<br /><br />Her mother was adopted by a couple by that name and she becomes curious whether members of this family were among the murdered. When she travels to the small hamlet she discovers they were indeed victims (and were in their nineties). She gets permission to go into the house and finds an old diary written by \\"J. Andren\\" who had gone to America in the 1800s and worked as a supervisor for the building of the transcontinental railroad. She does some Internet research and discovers an American family with same name has been butchered in the same way many year ago.<br /><br />Another diary written by one of the Chinese laborers named San talked about how cruel this Andren has been to him and his brother and vows his revenge.
B002YIHO7I|3.0|The album is okay.  Not fantastic, not terrible, but right there in the middle of okay.  Sade herself delivers vocally the way she has on all previous albums, but the musical accompaniment disappoints. When I first listened to this album, I found myself wanting to check the liner notes to see if Matthewman, Denman, and Hale were still in the band.  With so many tracks lacking in creativity, I couldn't believe they were part of this production.  It just doesn't sound like them--their talents do not shine on this album.     Days later, after giving the album several listens, my opinion hasn't changed.  There are a few noteworthy tracks, but I'm not in love.  I don't regret buying the album (as I did with Sweetback's second release), but I'm already looking forward to Sade's next release because this one didn't move me.  Listen before you buy.
B002ZG4Q5W|4.0|Despite many complaints, this LionsGate blu-ray edition is a superior viewing experience compared to the two-disc Criterion standard edition.  The Criterion was the former champ, but is now eclipsed by this blu-ray.  If you do a side-by-side comparison, there is more clarity with the blu-ray and it's far more filmlike.  Color saturation seems to favor the Criterion print, but you only need to look at the fabric textures on the blu-ray disc to see that's it a more accurate presentation.  The blu-ray's discrete DTS soundtrack is warm and rich in fidelity compared with the boomy matrixed version presented on the Criterion disc.<br />With all due respect to Criterion, LionsGate has handled the blu-ray transfer of RAN far better than Criterion handled their own blu-ray transfer of THE LAST EMPEROR.<br />I would recommend the blu-ray edition of RAN to anyone wanting their own print, especially while the price remains at about $22.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|i loved this movie when i saw it in theatres, i decided to preorder it with amazon.  came exactly on time, couldnt ask for anything more!
0812973992|4.0|Please don't take that trite title for a review to indicate that this book is in anyway trite.  It is a complicated, fascinating, and realistic view of a selection of New Yorkers in 1974 who in some way or the other experienced the wire walk of Petit between the two towers of the World Trade Center.  No need to reconstruct the plot, but a note of several of the characters.  I found Corrigan, who was attempting to literally live his life based on the teachings of Jesus, especially interesting.  The prostitutes Tillie and Jazzlyn were also so well drawn and so complicated.  The addition of such chapters as the one about the computer hackers in California added to the tangled web of interconnectiveness of all these characters.  Phillipe Pettit is actually a minor character in the novel, but is so interesting; the first chapter describing the \\"walk\\" is one of the most engrossing I have ever read.    I did find the ending to be a bit too much \\"pulled together\\" but still believable.  Also, the relationship between the white society lady, Clare, and Gloria, the Black mother who also lost a son in Vietnam not as believable as the rest of the connections.    Still, a fascinating read and if you love New York City, it's even better.  Obviously written by a skilled writer.
B00005R62N|5.0|always an all time favorite record of mine,  but the priest is lying to their fans if they say this is a live recording... We all know by now that \\"Unleashed\\" was recorded in the studio. Including the vocals!....Any band could release amazing live albums like that.  Unleashed in the east isn't as special as I once thought.
0446567337|1.0|Okay after you've read all of Nicholas Sparks's novels up to date they all start sounding the same. But this one was EASILY the worst, hands down. The title gives the whole plot away. A \\"Dear John\\" letter is a letter you send someone when you break up with them to be with someone else. The prologue always tells you that John and Savannah don't work out.        What really pissed me off was the \\"conversation\\" Sparks reused. John and Savannah used the exact same lines as Landon and Jamie from A Walk to Remember! \\"Sweet tea, please.\\" \\"Make it two\\". And in every book Sparks has written, someone is always a rebel and someone always ends up getting really sick or dying. That plotline gets boring after what, 6 novels, don't you think?        And if John and Savannah truly loved each other like they said they did/showed then SAVANNAH WOULD NOT HAVE MARRIED TIM. She would NOT have cheated on him for so long while he was away. And on Tim, too! What a user. Sparks made her out to be this perfect Southern belle but in the end my impression of her was entirely changed. She's such a dumb, pathetic cheater. And John should NOT have gone against his father's will and sold the coin collection! His father spent his entire life collecting those and he throws it all away. What huge respect he has for his father's death. What true \\"love\\" John and Savannah shared...
B0031OCY2E|3.0|Having grown up just a few miles from where the events of THE INFORMANT! took place (though I was just a kid at the time), I may be rather partial to the film; after all, Matt Damon and much of the supporting cast has the personality down pat, with a few aside-jokes that definitely capture the atmosphere of East-Central Illinois.  But you don't have to be from here to appreciate the film's humor; you just have to be patient.<br /><br />Why?  Because THE INFORMANT is a slow burner.  It's the story of Mark Whitacre, who decides to blow the lid on some illegal doings at the corn-processing plant where he works.  Whitacre, however, is anything but the ideal witness--but it takes about two-thirds of the movie to find that out.  Kudus to Joel McHale and Scott Bakula as the FBI agents in charge of Whitacre's case, and Soderbergh for actually making a movie of this; and a tip-of-the-hat to Matt Damon, who turns in a nuanced performance.  But the character doesn't really build until the third act, which is the when the movie turns from humor to poignancy, and we realize the real tale here.<br /><br />The thing is, it's just hard to forgive THE INFORMANT its slow build-up.  Real hard.  It's worth the effort; a lot of the humor is subtle, and the film progressively gets darker, until you realize this isn't a feel-good comedy after all.  But it takes so long getting there, a large part of the audience is bound to stop caring.  Thus, THE INFORMANT! is for patient fans of comedy (of which there are painfully few today).  If nothing else, see it for Damon's spot-on performance; he and Bakula especially are taking this film and running with it, for better or worse (mainly better).
B002T9H2L0|1.0|I don't know what everyone is smoking.  Simply, this movie is horrible.  Actually beyond horrible.  The plot and story line is so predictable.  The acting is cliche. As for the violence...it does not add anything to enhance this movie.  I always thought tarantino was over-rated and this movie only confirms that for me.  Complete and utterly a waste of time.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The acoustics are fantastic and Susan's voice is kind of a blend of Celine Dion and Barbra Streisand.  Her range is phenomenal.  Pure joy of listening.
0805091742|5.0|An excellent review of how to improve complex processes.  It is essentially an argument for the incorporation of the WHO (World Health Organization) safe surgery checklist into all surgeries.  The WHO safe surgery checklist is a recently devised instrument that has been shown in a large prospective randomized study to improve outcomes in all types of surgery.  The book gives a thorough background into how similar checklists have improved outcomes in many other fields as well.
B001437DMA|4.0|People have been too hard on Satriani the last few years. The guy has been in doing this for over 20 years, don't you think it's a bit unrealistic to expect anything close to what he churned out the first decade of his career? He has become more melodic and about song structure, rather than cranking out killer solo after killer solo. I don't buy the new Satch cds with the expectation that it is gonna be something groundbreaking and mindblowing, that's just not likely at this point in his career. That's not to say he his washed up or uninspired. There are still moments on every disc that I'm in awe at what he does.<br /><br /> That said, this Cd is far from as bad as some make it out to be. Yes, it's alot like his previous three, but Joe has found a sound and formula his is comfortable with. This cd is full of peaks and valleys. It starts out strong with \\"Musterion\\" and \\"Overdriver\\", then falls off a bit on \\"I Just Wanna Rock\\" and \\"Professor Satchafunkilus\\". \\"Revelation\\" is the best track on the cd in my opinion.\\"Come On Baby\\" isn't his best ballad, but still soulful as ever.\\"Out Of The Sunrise\\" is a relaxing track that kind of makes me feel like I'm sitting outside watching the sunrise on a peaceful morning. \\"Diddle-Y-A-Doo-Dat\\" is a semi funky track, that isn't bad, but requires a certain mood for me to tolerate.\\"Asik Vaysel\\" is full throttle guitar rock that doesn't let up. \\"Andalusia\\" starts off slow with an accustic intro, but continues where \\"Asik\\" left off with its punishing guitar work. Both definate highlights. Overall an enjoyable listen that starts strong, levels off in the middle for the most part and finishes with a bang. 3.5 out of 5 for me.
B000X2H8G4|2.0|Got this for my 87 year old dad.  The batteries run low fast, so he takes it out when not using it.  Good in a small room and speaker close by.  The foam tip does fall off.  Also, the earphones are bulky so we replaced with bud type.
1416572287|4.0|If your tolerance for whimsy is limited, you may find this book's device of interlarding chapters with conversations with the author's dog irritating. The dog says things like \\"Oooohh... a bunny!\\" much of the time. And virtually all of the examples in the book are about dogs, including Schrodinger's cat, which is in this case a dog.<br /><br />However, if you like cute, then you can enjoy the dog bits, and if you don't you can skip them without missing anything major in the content. The rest of the book is composed of admirably clear explanations of issues in quantum physics that can be seriously hard to understand.<br /><br />There are chapters on particle-wave duality, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, Schrodinger's... dog, the idea of multiple universes, the quantum Zeno effect, quantum tunneling, quantum entanglement, quantum teleportation (not as exciting as it sounds), quantum electrodynamics, and misuses of quantum physics (thought provoking, though possibly not as exciting as it sounds).<br /><br />There's a nice glossary, too. Whether you kind of understand these things but could use some help getting a solid handle on them, or have never heard of them before, you'll find them much clearer once you've read this book.
0199535639|5.0|After putting it off for several months, I finally got around to looking for and finding a copy of \\"The Woman in White\\" by Wilkie Collins.      This was the #1 best-seller in 1859. It was serialized before it came out in book form (first a 3-volume, and then a one-volume edition). In serial form it followed Charles Dickens' \\"A Tale of Two Cities\\" and preceded \\"Great Expectations.\\" I can't recall having read a more exciting book in a very long time. It was excellent. It is hard to believe it doesn't get more press. I have a pretty good \\"feeling\\" for BritLit after I began my aggressive reading program in 2002, but had it not been for a friend's recommendation, I may never have heard of this novel. I had even come across Richardson's \\"Clarissa\\" on my own, but never \\"The Woman in White.\\"      Suffice it to say, this is worthy of a Sherlock Holmes-like film adaptation.      The \\"Woman in White\\" is not great literature ala \\"Wuthering Heights\\" but it really is very, very good. I would say that Collins is \\"Dickens Lite.\\"      It's a thick book, 630 pages, but it moves quickly. It is very easy reading despite the convoluted plot. If one has read Shakespeare, James Joyce, Emily Bronte, and Virginia Woolf, this will be very easy reading.
1603580557|5.0|If you're trying to grapple with problems or to make predictions in things like a business, a charitable organization, or a classroom, this book can help you see what you're working with as a system. Doing so -- and the numerous simple real-world examples make it possible -- can help you approach problem-solving in a new and probably more successful way.<br /><br />If you enjoy thinking about philosophical issues or the great problems of the world, systems thinking is an intriguing way to do it, and you'll enjoy the discussions of how a systems approach gives us a different perspective on things like the drug wars, global warming, and pluralistic morality.<br /><br />Either way, whether you read this book for practical assistance in identifying the systems you're working with and solving the problems in those systems, or just for the mental exercise, you'll find this book well-written and enjoyable to read.<br /><br />The book begins with an overview of system thinking, discusses how systems work and why they surprise us, and then goes on to examine ways to intervene in systems and make changes. There's a useful appendix with a summary of the essential principles and examples of the math (there's not a whole lot of that in the main part of the book). There's also a very nice list of resources. This would be a fine book for a classroom.
B001RCD2DW|2.0|I found the AKG K702s to be WAY TOO crisp, to the extent that I had to return them.  I broke them in for at least 100 hours and they never developed any real bass.  To make it worse,  the highs / upper mids were much too exagerated.     I am comparing these directly to new AKG K701s (broken in about same amount), which are supposedly extremely similar.  Those don't have strong bass either, but it was more substantial and they were more balanced in the mids / highs.  Not sure how to explain this, but the difference was significant; maybe it was just a normal unit to unit variation.   I've heard some people claim it takes 500 hours to break in - but who  has time for that.  Besides, even if the bass opens up, I am not convinced that would cure the hyper-crisipness.    There seems to be a big trend to acheive an open, non-headphone soundstage.  One way this is done is by using large earcups surrounding the ear.   The other seems to be to hype the highs.  Sure, you hear more detail, and its easy to get seduced by the big, juicy soundstage. But If they go too far it is just not natural.       Too bad, the black and silver 702s look much cooler than the white/grey/brown 701s, but I don't see them them when I'm listening :)
031606792X|1.0|There are more negatives about this book vs anything positive. A problem I had is that more than half of the book is told through Jacob's pov. I did not like that. I was enjoying reading about what Bella was going to do when she got back to Forks, and then all of a sudden I am reading about Jacob and his non-stop whinning about Bella. I would have rather read the book through Edwards pov....lord knows he was in the background enough. Bella, I just got so sick of her, and of course when she got changed she had to be this perfect newborn who could handle blood.     My main thing with this book is the whole Jacob and Renesmee thing. I like the character of Renesmee, but I don't like the fact that Jacob becomes almost a pedophile in this book. I have never liked the character of Jacob, but I did not want to read about him falling in love with a baby. The gore of this book like the birth and Bella changing didn't bother me, but this did. I think if this concept of Jacob and Renesmee wasn't in this book it would have been a lot better. Meyers should have made Jacob be with Leah if she wanted Jacob to have a love, but not a baby. And esp. not the child of Bella and Edward that was a little hard to deal with.     I just couldn't get past the imprinting, or the fact that Edward and Bella were ok with a grown man imprinting on their newborn. I don't know if it was meant to be a sexual thing, but some of the quotes in the book about Jacob and Renesmee creeped me out. I did enjoy the whole story of Bella and Edward, and I am happy that they got married, and even though the baby storyline was way out there I could live with it, but the imprinting on a baby was it for me.
0061922315|4.0|If your life has been touched by adoption in some way, make sure to read this book.  It tells of the adoption story from all sides....the side of the adoptive mother, the adoptee and the family who placed her for adoption, each with their own feelings, points of view, questions and choices.  It's an added bonus that the family who adopted this girl was of mixed heritage, the mother not sharing the same ethnic background as her husband and adopted daughter so that made it a little more complicated in some ways.  The author also goes into some detail about what is was like to give birth in a girl in India in the early 80's (actually kind of shocking to me), what it felt like to be a foreigner in India (the adoptive mother), what it was like to leave your home country (the adoptive father) and what it was like to LEAVE home to COME home (the adopted daughter).
B002WCLG3O|5.0|This is a great package. I love the halo universe but i tend to dislike anime and there are just a few that follow the horrible stereotypes that bad anime tends to have. The worst has to be odd one out, this one was actually just hard for me to watch. It reminded me of Dragon Ball Z, i never really enjoyed this style so that is just my personal taste. Other than that the origins (the real reason i bought it) was amazing and the special features are great over all i would say buy this dvd.
B002PEP4U0|5.0|my parents got me this for book christmas this year and it is very good. it takes a little time to get to the point though. very very good.
B002QW7ALM|4.0|When Corporal Bower awakens aboard a damaged and seemingly abandoned spaceship, he has little memory of anything beyond his training. His memories about his mission and previous life are gone. Lt. Payton soon wakes up as well, and the two try to restart the ship and discover what has happened to everyone else.  They soon realize they are not alone, and the terrifying reality is just as scary as fighting the madness that threatens their own minds.<br /><br />Ben Foster stars as Corporal Bower, a frightened but capable flight crewman. He's the only one who can reach the reactor and save the ship and all of her precious cargo. Joining him are Dennis Quaid as Lt. Payton, the senior officer on board, directing Bower via radio and Cam Gigandet, Cung Le, and Antje Traue as crewmen that Bower meets along the way, helping him piece together the mystery of this decrepit ship.<br /><br />Reminiscent of the classic scifi film Alien, this scifi horror film was surprisingly riveting. The horror aspects are chilling, but the story is strong with more than a few surprises along the way. I was definitely impressed, having little-to-no expectations beforehand. Pandorum  is a highly entertaining thriller, with impressive set designs, a gripping story, violence and gore (for the R rating), and fantastic acting.
B002XMGGK6|4.0|Am not a fan of the film's ending, which overall leaves a bad remembrance of what could have been, but the Blu has a nice offering.<br /><br />The picture and sound are outstanding, with plenty of references for both, even including that muddled ending and the fireball effects. The supplements help answer a few questions and include:<br /><br />* A six-minute interview session of some legal \\"experts\\" about the law issues seen in the film.<br />* Behind the scenes in black and white, 15 minutes. Interviews/set footage in black and white while the film clips shown are in color. Not quite sure what the contrast reasoning was, but the director kept saying how he wanted this film to be different than the other movies that might be categorized as similar.<br />* VFX snippets, 5 of them at 6:30 minutes. Was disappointed in some of the effects shots they thought were \\"great\\" (snow on a sunny clear day - and viewers are supposed to miss that?)...but at least they covered what the original ending was going to be - much better than what was installed.<br />* Disc 2 - Director's Cut - much better version of the film. 10 minutes longer and had a variety of additions, including:<br />++ Longer version of the first meeting with Butler's character regarding the plea (you only see the paper under Foxx's phone in theatrical).<br />++ Joke by defense attorney in court - shows why everyone was looking at him funny in the theatrical.<br />++ Nice vulgarity by the female prosecutor in the execution chamber scene.<br />++ Torture scene much longer.<br />++ More footage of the torture chamber when found by the police.<br />++ Footage of Colm Meaney wanting to head shot Butler in the prison yard gate sequence.<br />++ A bunch of dialogue bits and longer takes - added more edge to the film and gave it a much better R version than shown.<br /><br />Two versions of the same film on two different BDs, almost makes it to where you want to get rid of the disc you will never watch depending on your likes/dislikes. Apparently you cannot get this version on DVD, so between the amount of upset feelers out there over that and the atrocious ending, I can't see giving this higher than a 4-star.so between the amount of upset feelers out there over that and the atrocious ending, I can't see giving this higher than a 4-star.
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|Dr. Who: The Complete Specials is a collection of television specials, starring David Tennant as the immortal \\"Doctor.\\"  The set includes \\"The Next Doctor,\\" \\"Planet of the Dead,\\" \\"The Waters of Mars,\\" and \\"The End of Time, Part One & Two.\\"  These specials lead up to The Doctor's regeneration as the 11th Doctor, played by Matt Smith. It's a fun and exciting addition for Doctor Who fans, as well as newcomers to the show.<br /><br />\\"The Next Doctor\\"<br />When the Doctor (David Tennant) arrives in London on Christmas Eve 1851, he discovers that Cybermen are planning to resurrect the CyberKing.  But another Doctor (David Morrissey) is already there, with little memory of his past. Fast-paced, with a few surprises, this installment is fun and light-hearted.<br /><br /> \\"Planet of the Dead\\"<br />David Tennant is back as the Doctor, tracking a strange wormhole. But the Doctor and a bus full of people soon find themselves stranded on a strange planet, in the middle of what looks like an arid desert.  Teaming up with a beautiful thief, prepared for any situation (played by Michelle Ryan), the Doctor searches for a way back to Earth before a storm of murderous creatures reaches them. Slightly creepy, but a lot of humor, this installment was definitely my favorite of them all.<br /><br /> \\"The Waters of Mars\\"<br />When the Doctor (David Tennant) stumbles upon a base on Mars, he excitedly realizes that this is the first ever human base on Mars.  But soon discovers that they are all supposed to die this same day. The Doctor's curiosity gets the better of him, when he decides to help the group try to defend themselves from a strange water-based infection. But when the creatures find out that Earth is mostly water, they decide to hitch a ride back to Earth and take over.  This installment was the darkest and felt most like a horror flick, with hear-pounding suspense and even an ethical dilemma for the Doctor.<br /><br /> \\"The End of Time, Part One & Two\\"<br />This is David Tennant's last adventure as the Doctor. When his adversary the Master (John Simm) is reawakened, the Doctor is too late to stop the insane Master's plot to take over Earth. And the Doctor also faces his fate that \\"He will knock four times,\\" leading to his death. Former James Bond, Timothy Dalton, narrates these ominous, climactic installments.<br /><br />Specs:<br />Disc 1: \\"The Next Doctor\\"<br />Disc 2: \\"Planet of the Dead\\"<br />Disc 3: \\"The Waters of Mars\\"<br />Discs 4-5: \\"The End of Time\\", Parts One and Two<br />Doctor Who Confidential<br />Doctor Who at the Proms<br />Deleted scenes with introduction from Russell T. Davies<br />David Tennant Video Diaries: The Final Days<br />Doctor Who BBC Christmas idents<br />Audio commentaries<br />Doctor Who at Comic-Conary the Master (John Simm) is reawakened, the Doctor is too late to stop the insane Master's plot to take over Earth. And the Doctor also faces his fate that \\"He will knock four times,\\" leading to his death. Former James Bond, Timothy Dalton, narrates these ominous, climactic installments.      Specs:  Disc 1: \\"The Next Doctor\\"  Disc 2: \\"Planet of the Dead\\"  Disc 3: \\"The Waters of Mars\\"  Discs 4-5: \\"The End of Time\\", Parts One and Two  Doctor Who Confidential  Doctor Who at the Proms  Deleted scenes with introduction from Russell T. Davies  David Tennant Video Diaries: The Final Days  Doctor Who BBC Christmas idents  Audio commentaries  Doctor Who at Comic-Con
B002QW7AJY|4.0|This is a great movie on all levels, CGI, acting, storyline, tension.  It is a typical sci-fi horror in a spaceship maroon atmosphere like \\"Aliens\\", \\"Sunshine\\" and many others.  I thought the spaceship maroon genre has been beaten to death, but what draws me to enjoy these movies are the fine acting.  This movie is tense and at no point I felt it got old.  What this movie really reminds me is that game Dead Space.  Dead Space did come out with an animation, but if it did a Hollywood movie this would be it.  The Liet and Corporal went at it like the Ren and Stimpy Maroon episode.  If you have seen \\"The Descent\\" this is very similar in style.<br /><br />I don't want to give away too much of a plot or anything, but this is a fun to watch.  It looked great on blu-ray too.
1439170045|5.0|This book was given to me by a co-worker who knew my Mom suffers from severe dementia.  The story authored by Lisa Genova touched my heart so - Alice's experiences from the early onset to the conclusion of this book are so real and so true for those of us who have witnessed the effects of this disease.  I cried as I completed reading this beautiful book.  I cried for what my Mom, Mary Nell, has lost, for the wonderful and touching care provided by my step father, Minnie, and the healing it has brought our family; yet at the expense of my Mom's losing of her memory and the daily life she so loved.  This story is a true gift and I plan to giving it to those who I know will be touched.  I would strongly recommend this to anyone - it is a book you will never forget.
B0036G8IQS|5.0|OMG sooooo goooood. i saw it 2 times. ive read the whole seires a bazillion times! incredible!!! the 2 songs they played were poker face and tik tok :) it rox    XD
0061186473|1.0|I am a middle school teacher in a city where the entire community has been encouraged to read Neil Gaiman's books. M is for Magic was recommended to me as a read-aloud for my students. I am not a prude, but I found these short stories to be highly inappropriate for my students. For example, in Troll Bridge, Gaiman includes a detailed description of the Troll which included its genitals. The main character in the story also daydreamed about how far he'd like to go with his girlfriend, although he revealed that he was still a virgin. I found these details to be gratuitous and I skipped them when reading aloud to my class. I would definitely NOT recommend this book to a pre-teen or young teen. It is not appropriate.
1892005034|5.0|This book has very solid infomation about communication.this is going to be quite a challengee for me to use on a daliy basis.I intend to continue applying these skills and honing my practice of them as long as I live. I am still reading it and will keep it as a guideline to help me communicate the way I am wanting with others.I highly recommend reading and applying these skills to everyone.
0307120007|4.0|I have got to read the dimensions better on products I get! I do this a lot. It is much smaller than I had imagined. It is, as it says, 5 inches by 5 inches. I was picturing it bigger. It is a little small for my 7 month old. I will have to wait to really get use of it.<br /><br />Update: My son is now one year old and the small size is good in his hands. I just got the book out again and read it to him. He likes it a lot. He liked the bunny and other interactive bits. There is a little mirror and a piece of cloth among others. I do not know how long it will last being so small and somewhat fragile, what with the card stock, double-ply pages. But it is cute and I have a better view of it now that my son is older and able to play with it more.<br /><br />Update. Binding total junk. Book has fallen apart. Kids like story and interactive but we read it as a bunch of loose pages.
1582406723|4.0|I can not remember being this excited over a comic! I love the zombie genre and love comics! Always have. Ever since I picked-up The Walking Dead Vol.1, I will read them in one sitting. And anxiously wait for the next volume! Kirkman and Moore are an awesome team, Kirkman's rich character development and plot twists suck you in and your left in awe from Moore's art! I cant say enough ... this volume doesn't disappoint either. I thoroughly enjoyed reading and watching the art unfold the story. And now I'm down right giddy waiting for the next volume!
B001DJLCRC|4.0|This show is really good. It is definitely worth owning. Never a dull moment!Everyone in the show has so much range and acting ability.
0143038583|5.0|In short: I *really* enjoyed reading this book.    I really think that anyone who eats should read this. We all need to have a better understanding of HOW we got here.    I was shocked, horrified, and disgusted during certain parts....particularly the chapters covering feedlots, and \\"industrial organics\\".    As a person who takes the Bible literally, I had a hard time with his constant usage of evolution, but by simply replacing the phrase \\"evolved\\" or \\"evolve\\" with \\"God made\\", or \\"God inspired\\" does not change his meaning in the least. Also, as a person who takes the Bible literally, I am not so much concerned as an environmentalist (though I do believe that because God gave us this Earth, that we should take the best care of it that we can! But I believe He is going to come back to restore the Earth.) but I am very concerned about what I put into my Children's bodies. I have made the mistake of eating \\"industrial organics\\" for far too long, and I will be making some changes.    Morally, I do take issues with feedlots. I always have, and that's why we buy a cow from a local farmer for our meat supply. After reading this book I am just outraged. Not only are they abusing these animals (if you thought Mike Vick was bad.....) but they are purposely making them sick all for the sake of getting the cows large enough to slaughter them between 12-18 months of age....and the meat may be cheap at your local Walmart, or grocery store, but at what price??!?! It's morally and nutritionally wrong.    I really think that all parents, and anyone concerned about what they eat, should read this. It's a tough read, and there were parts that I had a hard time keeping my eyes open....but it's enlightening.
B002HK9IDQ|5.0|This will not take long. The DVD was everything we hoped it would be, and probably a little bit more.It is a spectacular musical.
B0030BOCEG|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moVMIBKVA26S8T]]This is my first video review so don't be too harsh on me. Screamworks is a fantastic CD, I can't get enough of it.
0545123267|4.0|As a child Grace was dragged into the woods by a pack of wild wolves. Miraculously she was saved. From the experience she remembers a set of eyes. One of the wolves. Through the years she sees her wolf in the woods. Always watching her and she always watching him.<br /><br />One day she goes into a bookstore and sees those same pair of eyes in a boy who works there. When she finds that her wolf and the boy are one and the same it does not surprise her.<br /><br />Sam has been a wolf for many years. The change has always been a curse to him. It is especially a curse once he falls in love with Grace and she with him. Is there a way that Sam and Grace can be together forever?<br /><br />Everyone kept telling me to read this book. I put it off for as long as I could! Once I picked it up I truly did not want to put it down. I fell in love with the characters. I laughed and I cried! With little to no language this would almost be a great book for me to recommend. Unfortunately the author put in a mild sex scene. While it is not graphic by any means we still know that the characters consumated their relationship. It is disappointing because it really is a good book. Because of that I would have to recommend it for a more mature audience.
B001993Y3G|4.0|As with many Costner Films this one is very well done, but I can see that because of it's length that many may not like it so well. This movie however never really drags too much like some of his films. It is because of the Details that he considers important. I liked it very much as with most of his movies.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I did not expect the sound quality to go up, but when I put this on my Skullcandy Full Metal Jackets. I was blown away, it sound like I had hooked up my headphones to External Dolby Prologic II speakers. I was skeptical because I always heard and seen amps on the net selling for like 60 bucks and higher from Cmoy and other companies, which made me think that for 20 bucks it would probably give little to no boost at all. I am so glad I took the jump, cause everything on my Zune HD and my Notebook sounds like I'm sitting in a theatre. I highly recommend this amp.
6305079250|3.0|It's important to note here for those who are looking for an English language version of this film that this is it.  This is not the Janus version with English subtitles and French dubbed actors.  This version has it's own peculiar characteristics but it does have Terence Stamp's performance in English with his own voice.  He is not dubbed if you choose the English version when viewing the film.  Weirdly, the English subtitles cannot be turned off when you watch the film in English.  The picture quality is not as good as the Janus version but to really appreciate the film you must see it with Terence Stamp's performance out of his own mouth in English.  For some reason, all the reviews written for the Janus version of the film (including my own) have been attached to this version as well, though the two versions are completely different.  (as noted)  If you can buy a used copy, (the new copy price is absurd) you will get what so far is the only version of this film currently circulating in the US that gives you the choice of hearing Terence Stamp's performance in English.  (and you can even read the English subtitles simultaneously to pick up a few more bits and pieces from other actors who are dubbed in English.  Sound confusing?  It is a bit weird.  I notice that there is a newer European version listed with a still from the film of Toby for the cover.  It is PAL though but it appears to possibly have all choices present as to whether or not Terence Stamp speaks with his own voice in English.  Where is this for the US?<br /><br />UPDATE:  12/9/10 There is now a new Blu-Ray release of this film that contains the newly restored version of Toby Dammit by the cinematographer.  It is offered on amazon uk.  Although listed as a region 2 disk, it has been confirmed that it is region 0.  It is PAL, but in most cases PAL DVD's will play on new Blu-Ray machines.<br />I have a friend who bought this and it plays fine on his gear.  I just got this today from amazon uk and it plays fine on my new Pioneer Blu-Ray player.  My friend reported exceptional image quality with the English soundtrack available as well as French.  The subtitles are switchable.  I have an older 55\\" tv that does not have HDMI.  I hooked my Blu-Ray player up with regular RCA cables and the video quality was stunning.  Sharp and clear with beautiful saturated colors. There are even some extra scenes.  The audio quality was excellent as well.  This version of Toby Dammit is the one that is currently touring the US in limited engagements at art house theatres to rave reviews.  I would rate this version five stars easily.n my new Pioneer Blu-Ray player.  My friend reported exceptional image quality with the English soundtrack available as well as French.  The subtitles are switchable.  I have an older 55\\" tv that does not have HDMI.  I hooked my Blu-Ray player up with regular RCA cables and the video quality was stunning.  Sharp and clear with beautiful saturated colors. There are even some extra scenes.  The audio quality was excellent as well.  This version of Toby Dammit is the one that is currently touring the US in limited engagements at art house theatres to rave reviews.  I would rate this version five stars easily.
1584282584|5.0|I just finished reading this book today and I'm going to begin to reread it again.  This book has been so helpful and my flash photography has improved 100%.  The tips and techniques in the book are easy to understand. The author discusses exposure and how to use flash to really make the picture look outstanding.  One technique that is mentioned in the book is using craft foam on the flash to keep any direct light from hitting the subject.  Works great.  I have the Canon 580ex and I like seeing pictures of this flash used in the book.  Before I read the book I usually bounced my flash off the ceiling but never realized that bouncing off a wall or behind me would really make my pictures look better.  The book also discusses how to successfully use flash in full sun, something I really never thought much about.  After using several of the techniques from the book during a photo shoot at church for a Valentine's Dinner and at a preschool, I can really say reading this book has improved my flash photography by leaps and bounds.
0812979656|2.0|The author gets credit for a heartfelt tale but I found the writing so overwrought and flowery.  So much so that it detracted from the story.    I'm all for metaphors but this book trys too hard with a barrage of wordage.  A perfect example of more is less.  Sorry, I wished I could have liked this book.
B0038M2AZA|5.0|My husband and I watched this movie last night for the first time. We are as different as night and day but this movie had both of us riveted from beginning to end. It opens up the door to a wealth of insight on autism. Once I finished the movie I did some internet research on Temple Grandin and was blown away at how one person's life experiences can have such an impact in the world. I am so excited to share this movie with my children. It will be one more teaching tool to show them how important it is to embrace all people simply because they are people. As Temple's mother is quoted in the movie as saying, \\"She is different, not less.\\" What a great life lesson to pass on to both young and old in this world.
B000683VI4|4.0|A very good love story. I liked it more than I thought I would. Very well done. I would see it again.
1600243916|5.0|This was a very good audiobook. If you liked other books by Malcomb Gladwell, you will enjoy this one as well. The book points out that there are so many things that we could do differently in order to allow true talent to rise to the top. The sad fact is that we are leaving a lot of talent \\"on the table\\" due to some of the arbitrary things that we do as a society.  I would recommend this book to educators, in particular.<br /><br />This book will give you a lot to think about.
B001GM0GNC|5.0|Believe it or not I saw them twice (even though it was really expensive) and I would pay the same amount to do it again.  Barring the opportunity to go and see them once again this box set is as close as you are going to get.    If you are a fan of the Police (and I am assuming that you are if you are reading this) then this is a must have.  You already know all of the songs but the new live versions are a new spin on the old material that brings a new life to all of your old favorites.  I was really impressed during the live shows at how a new interpretation of an old song can be really entertaining.  Since the original artist is playing their old material you get their fresh perspective on their own work amny years after the original.  Besides who wants to listen to a live recording that is a duplicate of the original recording that I already have.  In some aspects it is as if a jam band has picked up where The Police left off and put their spin on the original work.    I suspect that there is never going to be another reunion so if you missed out this is your chance to see these guys.  If you aren't not a fan then take a chance and listen to some seriously accomplished musicians get their groove on.
1582701709|5.0|If your down and depressed, this book may help. The power of positive thinking helps change your life! It makes it easy to understand that literally anything is possible. Pick a dream, believe in it, and it will come true! The best book possible for anyone who wants to change their life.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|Sade new cd is what I expected - nice and mellow! I never heard the whole cd prior to purchasing it; I don't regret buying it!
0553381687|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading this book. It is a very complicated story with very complicated characters.
B0026P3G12|5.0|I have really enjoyed the pure voice of Susan Boyle. And have enjoyed the varied songs on this CD.
1584282584|5.0|The concept of the author is great and his pictures prove that his approach works.  The basic idea is to use your flash on camera, but almost never direct - as long as there is any other possibility. The author shows how to use flash bounced of various surfaces to get similar results as from off-camera flash. He also explains the concept of improving ambient light with a touch of flash instead of overpowering it. He shows how to shoot at large apertures and fairly high ISO if necessary, which allows him to capture a high amount of ambient light at hand-holdable shutter speeds and produces natural looking pictures (and saves flash batteries). This book shows why digital technology with its high ISO capabilities and TTL is so much superior to film in location photography. No outdated nonsense about flash exposure and high ISO. One of my most insightful books about modern photography I have read.
0805091742|5.0|Dr. Gawande has written another book giving us better insight into the way we think.  This book will help every doctor, manager, or business owner, in any field, think of ways to improve outcomes and limit errors. You don't have to be a surgeon to learn from this one.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|Shutter Island is a difficult film to review. The way the film unfolds is an interesting one, but is difficult to put into words without spoiling everything from the film. It strings you along so many different paths that guessing how the film ends is nearly impossible. While watching the film, however, nothing really made sense until the last twenty minutes or so. Between Teddy's hallucinations and what's transpiring on the island, it's almost exhausting trying to grasp what's actually happening in the film and what's occuring in Teddy's head. The finale to The Departed, another Martin Scorsese/ Leonardo DiCaprio pairing, was (and still is) one of the most talked about endings when it comes to recent films. Shutter Island doesn't necessarily top The Departed, but is along the same lines. Its ending gives new meaning to at least one repeat viewing of the film.<br /><br />There's no denying that I've been a fan of Martin Scorsese's films for quite some time. Films like Taxi Driver, Goodfellas, Cape Fear, Casino, and Gangs of New York are prime examples of some of the best films ever. I can't say the same about Leonardo DiCaprio. While I can't argue the fact that I enjoy quite a few films he's been in, he didn't really do anything for me as an actor. I didn't see this potential or charisma that everyone else seemed to. Until now. His work in Shutter Island puts his acting skills on display for the world to see. His devastation towards the end of the film is not only believable, but absorbing as well.<br /><br />The cinematography is on a level you'd come to expect from a Scorsese picture. The way Ward C, the ward built during the Civil War that contains the island's most dangerous prisoners, is filmed in particular may be the high point as far as cinematography is concerned. The never-ending darkness makes you think something is going to jump out at you at any moment and its metal cage-like structure that constructs the walls feels claustrophobic; like you're a prisoner yourself. That \\"rat in a maze\\" line from the trailer really fits the film well. Everything in the lighthouse with the spiral staircase is pretty amazing, as well.<br /><br />An interesting note about the film is that the soundtrack is used sparingly. I didn't notice one throughout the majority of the film. It seemed to only be used during dramatic moments. There's also a gunshot towards the end of the film that is going to make you jump because it's so damn loud. Seriously. It's insane. For an R-rated Scorsese film, it seemed pretty mild in the language department. The F-word is said 422 times in Casino, 296 times in Goodfellas, and 237 times in The Departed while it's only said a handful of times in this film. Just seemed a bit odd for a Scorsese picture.<br /><br />Shutter Island is pretty confusing until the finale (basically from \\"Why are you all wet, baby?\\" to the end). It's pieced together slowly and is a combination of Teddy's memories, hallucinations, and what's actually occuring in reality. The way it unfolds is kind of like trying to solve a Rubix Cube. It takes time and a little bit of effort, but is well worth it in the end. Shutter Island is a film that makes you think. Remember that going in. Teddy has quite a few lines towards the end of the film that are going to stick with me for a very long time. It's a film that will only get better with repeat viewings. When it's all said and done, it was well worth waiting an extra four months for this film.hat \\"rat in a maze\\" line from the trailer really fits the film well. Everything in the lighthouse with the spiral staircase is pretty amazing, as well.     An interesting note about the film is that the soundtrack is used sparingly. I didn't notice one throughout the majority of the film. It seemed to only be used during dramatic moments. There's also a gunshot towards the end of the film that is going to make you jump because it's so damn loud. Seriously. It's insane. For an R-rated Scorsese film, it seemed pretty mild in the language department. The F-word is said 422 times in Casino, 296 times in Goodfellas, and 237 times in The Departed while it's only said a handful of times in this film. Just seemed a bit odd for a Scorsese picture.     Shutter Island is pretty confusing until the finale (basically from \\"Why are you all wet, baby?\\" to the end). It's pieced together slowly and is a combination of Teddy's memories, hallucinations, and what's actually occuring in reality. The way it unfolds is kind of like trying to solve a Rubix Cube. It takes time and a little bit of effort, but is well worth it in the end. Shutter Island is a film that makes you think. Remember that going in. Teddy has quite a few lines towards the end of the film that are going to stick with me for a very long time. It's a film that will only get better with repeat viewings. When it's all said and done, it was well worth waiting an extra four months for this film.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|Cletic Woman fans will love this new CD.  This CD is one of my favorites.  The Isle of Hope really hit home with me.  My own grandmother as a teenager came to this country in 1900 leaving Germany and her parents never to see them again.  Her parents had to save all their money to purchase passage for her to America.  Her parents hoped she would have a better life more oppertunity in America.  I want to thank Chloe and the girls for a magnificent performance.  I was worried when Mave and Orla left, where would David Downs find equal replacements?  He worked a miracle in finding Alex and Lynn.  I don't believe you will be disappointed in purchasing the CD, Songs from the Heart.  I was disappinted a little with the sound recording on the DVD as mine sounds like it has an echo problem.  I would still recommend the DVD anyway.  Please keep on singing and producing such wonderful music.  I especially like the Irish songs.
B000KITQK2|5.0|I have a couple of $100-plus guitar pre-amps I use when<br />playing my flamenco guitar through an amplifier.  For<br />that use, they work fine.<br /><br />For recording to a desktop recording software however<br />the sound from my pre-amps just wasn't very good. In<br />fact, it sucked.  I use a pickup-the-world film transducer -<br />which is an uncommon pickup but it sounds EXACTLY like<br />the guitar, picking up string-squeak, body taps (golpes)<br />and syllabant sounds inherent to the nylon-string guitar<br />but lost when using piezo pickups.<br /><br />If you want a sound exactly like a microphone, use a<br />mic - but if you want something close out of a pickup,<br />give this a try.<br /><br />I'm overjoyed at how full, balanced and rounded this<br />little box sounds.  It is way sturdier than I expected<br />for the price.  The plastic casing is so hefty you'd<br />think it was die-cast metal if it were colder to the<br />touch.<br /><br />This is a stomp box, and built accordingly.  The stomp<br />button is sturdy and separated adequately from the<br />rest of the controls, which have a stiffness to them<br />that will help them retain their settings when you<br />take it places.  The printing which identifies the<br />controls is in poor-contrast and I have to pick up<br />the box and hold it close to my face to read the<br />labels.  A minor gripe.<br /><br />The sound of this little dream box allows me to plug<br />my guitar into it, then into my Firewire box and<br />get a good, usable signal.  I have no onboard pre-amp<br />like a Fishman, only a jack because I prefer the external<br />battery and pre-amp approach for my hand-made (by me)<br />guitars.<br /><br />I have only used a flamenco guitar through this box<br />so I cannot say if it sounds good with a steel string<br />acoustic.  For the price, the sound is amazing.  It<br />makes the signal richer, fatter, and sounds a lot<br />like a mic'd guitar.
B00009RDG9|5.0|As a general rule, it seems as though sequels are usually much worse than the original in a series, a fitting example might be how Predator I was 1,000,000x better than Predator II.  While the Fugitive and U.S. Marshals were both good, in my opinion this movie is by far the best of the three movies comprising the Fugitive series.  The Hunted is realistic, entertaining, capable of holding a person's attention, and it has some profound moral sentiments in it at times in addition to all of that.  I might say that this is the best action movie since Predator I, and definitely it's worth owning.
0553381687|4.0|It's not the great American novel, but it is worth reading.  I'm going to summarize the good points of the book, then the book's weaknesses, then conclude by mentioning some common criticisms that I think are unwarranted.<br /><br />A. What's right:<br /><br />1) Plotting.  There's plotting and then there's plodding.  In a genre with so many plodding volumes of misdirected adventures, it's nice to see one done this way.  The book is long, but not cumbersome.  Many theorists have said that plot comes down to one central conflict, the major dramatic question.  Example: \\"Will X marry Y?\\"  So much fantasy has had very indefinite major dramatic questions, usually in the form of \\"Will Frodo or whoever survive his fantastic adventure?\\"  It's a question that can only have one obvious answer, and can only be revealed in the simplest of ways.  This book's major dramatic question is both complex and distinct at the same time.  Will the kingdom survive?  Both the answer and the way it is revealed will compel you.<br /><br />2) Execution.  While no author can fulfill every reader's expectation, all authors should accomplish their own intent.  Martin does this, and his intent is clear: medieval realism.  The heraldry, the ubiquitous lack of education and accurate depiction of feudalism all add flavor to this stew.  And masterfully, the author depicts these in all their positives and negatives, right down to the senseless patriarchal succession of kings that underlies the principal conflict (as the title suggests).  Overall, the desired setting was rendered to near perfection.<br /><br />3) Characters.  It's impossible to map characters that someone somewhere won't judge to be stereotypes.  As a species, let's face it, we're not all that different from one another.  The trick, therefore, is to take common traits and throw them together to reveal unexplored angles.  Martin certainly does this.  Who would fault an Englishman his honor?  Yet, there's one character whose honor kills him.  And the playful caprice of children?  What about when said child is put on a throne?  And true to the realistic setting, these problems are historic, arising inextricably somehow out of the feudal system itself.  Fantasy has glossed over them, while Martin expounds upon them.  The characters are real and florid, reacting to their setting as is perfectly natural.<br /><br />4) Multiple layers.  Whether you're a stickler for detail or a speed reader, you'll find your own comfortable level of immersion.  If you care about what happened to the characters twenty years ago, you can find out.  If you don't, you won't be left behind.  Martin has found a way to satisfy all bands of the spectrum here.<br /><br />5) Depiction of women and children.  For a male author writing in such a misogynist setting, you'd expect to see some contrivance.  And although you can if you look hard enough, the women and children are sufficiently real to play their role.  You know what they want, and what they want is something that does not allow you to forget they are women.  But certainly, the author did better with some than others.  Daneyrs and Caetlyn are written near perfectly, while Cersei and Sansa are possibly the weakest of all the characters in terms of authenticity.<br /><br />6) It's adult.  Fantasy from Tolkien was originally packaged as children's literature for good reason.  And in a modern society where many adults are pampered into thinking and acting like children, maybe that kind of story will carry.  Harry Potter certainly did.  But making someone evil by slapping a label on them and giving them a black staff cheapens true Evil.  Evil subsists in a lack of commitment.  Everyone falls into it unless they find Good.  In this book, you see those who strive to find Good and those who fall or have defaulted into Evil.  There's no black mage trying to find a dark orb with which to destroy the world.  You don't have a barbarian with a battleaxe and a robed wizard plundering dungeons for a magical broadsword necessary to defeat said evil mage.  And as suspected, fantasy for adults is by comparison both possible and richly fulfilling.<br /><br />B. What's wrong:<br /><br />1) Expectations of some readers will be unfulfilled.  A good author knows his audience.  Martin was either trying to find a new audience or was holding the existing one in contempt.  A lot of readers expected fantasy, the orcs, goblins, elves and magic.  These were fooled with a few scenes of otherworldly beings, but are generally justified in their disappointment.  This is 16th century England, not Middle Earth.  It's literally only a few shades away from being labeled alternative history rather than fantasy.<br /><br />2) Transplanted world construction.  As much as Martin did not follow Tolkein, he followed history.  The Seven Kingdoms is England and the Khalassar is a Mongolian horde.  Some would justifiably begrudge the lack of creativity, especially in a genre that lauds it.<br /><br />3) Naming.  The author uses the chapter titles to explain whose viewpoint you are in.  The only problem is that this name is not the one by which the character is called in the scene, and furthermore most characters have a few different names.  The names and abbreviations are authentic English, but in my opinion, the confusion is too much of a price to pay for the scant payoff in setting detail.<br /><br />4) Unnecessary scenes.  As said above, the major dramatic question was well selected.  The problem is that substantial space is dedicated to events that do nothing to drive the plot.  Jon Snow and Danerys could have been left out entirely and nothing would be lost to the reader.  If the author wanted to write their stories, he could have done so in separate books (and even made more money doing it).  If you want to shorten the read, take my advice and skip the chapters with those viewpoint characters.<br /><br />5) The dialogue.  The authenticity of the dialogue is full of contradictions.  For example, the novel uses the archaic spelling of \\"sir\\" as \\"ser\\", but it carries all of our modern four letter words.  This may have been necessary in practicality to achieve the desired effect, but nevertheless this stands out as a crack in the plaster.<br /><br />6) The prose.  It's indelicate.  Martin is perhaps himself a good example of a male fantasy fan reader, and you don't forget it.  A lot of brute, physical description thrown in with words that no one would ever use in conversation, all pushing the reader toward an objective meaning.  There was too few beating hearts, cool waves of perspiration and bated breaths, and there was too much this object goes there (even with the sex scenes).  There's little subtlety.  But just because it's no Jane Austen doesn't mean it isn't good in its own way.  Most I expect will not notice it.<br /><br />C. What's not wrong:<br /><br />1) Vulgar content, bleak setting.  There are a lot of complaints about the dismal feel.  And aside from the story not being as bleak as accused, any uneasy feeling is in complete harmony with the medieval setting.  In the England that Martin depicts, people married young.  It wasn't a crime!  The sex scenes with Daneyrs are only objectionable when viewed with modern eyes, more specifically, modern American eyes.  The same thing with the degradation of women.  What do you expect from a society with rigid patriarchal right to succession?  It was common then, and it would be insincere not to depict it.  It's honestly not a political statement, but even if it were, which is more degrading to a feminist, a gang rape or Rapunzel, Polyanna and all the toadying female characters that the dissidents probably love?  Viewed in that way, Martin does the issue justice.  If the reader doesn't understand the concept of an alternate setting, he/she shouldn't be reading \\"fantasy\\".  The label should have tipped it.<br /><br />2) No one to root for, it's unsentimental.  I've seen this complaint a fewtimes, and I can't understand it.  The story has a family to root for, the story starts in their perspectives, and it continues for a good while without detracting from the establishment of empathy.  The family is separated and danger comes to some of them, but you still know who to root for.  And with any further characters, you're given clear indications of who is good and who is not.  No one will honestly say that they think Tyrion is a \\"bad guy\\" and Jaime a \\"good guy\\".  And suitably, the viewpoint character is never someone that the author holds out as a \\"bad guy\\".<br /><br />3) Too many characters.  Many have complained that they have difficulty keeping track.  To put it delicately, it's not the author's fault.  As mentioned, there is only one well established center of reader empathy, and most of the characters either offshoots of that core or affect it antagonistically.  And you can't ask for more in the change of viewpoint, he even names each chapter after the viewpoint character.<br /><br />4) Deaths of main characters.  You either know it's happening from the foreshadowing, or this is your first exposure to true literature.  If it's the latter, you should still read this book for the experience of learning.  From the opening scene in which a wolf is found dead after giving birth, you should know that a specific \\"wolf\\" in the story is going to die.  As if the abundant references to heraldry didn't make it obvious.  Stop feeling so let down.<br /><br />5) It's written by a man.  Like I said before, there's no forgetting that Martin is a man.  It's not Charles Dickens.  But it's not to the level that you could accuse the story of being a delusion of grandeur.  You should expect very results oriented flow, and if you're disappointed by it, it's not the author's fault.<br /><br />6) Lack of an Ending.  This isn't a valid flaw, but I can understand why people say it is.  First, the major dramatic question is: Will the kingdom survive?  The only ending satisfying to many would be a \\"yes\\" answer.  But, the answer is \\"no\\".  Still, just because you didn't expect or didn't like the ending, it doesn't mean it's not an ending.  The book even ends just as a certain person is named King of his own realm, solidifying the question that the Kingdom was doomed.  What more could you ask for?<br /><br />7) It's part of a series.  I'm getting tired of this complaint.  Yes, the book is part of a series.  No, you do not have to read them all.  You probably shouldn't.  You'd get more of the \\"experience\\" for your time if you read about new characters anyway.  And if you want to criticize further volumes, do a critique of those volumes.  This one stands alone, and is sufficient to the task.  And if you really can't help but read the second because you loved the first so much, where's the crime?  It's not the author's fault.  And for the record, this series is not near as vacuous as the Wheel of Time.of our modern four letter words.  This may have been necessary in practicality to achieve the desired effect, but nevertheless this stands out as a crack in the plaster.    6) The prose.  It's indelicate.  Martin is perhaps himself a good example of a male fantasy fan reader, and you don't forget it.  A lot of brute, physical description thrown in with words that no one would ever use in conversation, all pushing the reader toward an objective meaning.  There was too few beating hearts, cool waves of perspiration and bated breaths, and there was too much this object goes there (even with the sex scenes).  There's little subtlety.  But just because it's no Jane Austen doesn't mean it isn't good in its own way.  Most I expect will not notice it.      C. What's not wrong:    1) Vulgar content, bleak setting.  There are a lot of complaints about the dismal feel.  And aside from the story not being as bleak as accused, any uneasy feeling is in complete harmony with the medieval setting.  In the England that Martin depicts, people married young.  It wasn't a crime!  The sex scenes with Daneyrs are only objectionable when viewed with modern eyes, more specifically, modern American eyes.  The same thing with the degradation of women.  What do you expect from a society with rigid patriarchal right to succession?  It was common then, and it would be insincere not to depict it.  It's honestly not a political statement, but even if it were, which is more degrading to a feminist, a gang rape or Rapunzel, Polyanna and all the toadying female characters that the dissidents probably love?  Viewed in that way, Martin does the issue justice.  If the reader doesn't understand the concept of an alternate setting, he/she shouldn't be reading \\"fantasy\\".  The label should have tipped it.    2) No one to root for, it's unsentimental.  I've seen this complaint a few times, and I can't understand it.  The story has a family to root for, the story starts in their perspectives, and it continues for a good while without detracting from the establishment of empathy.  The family is separated and danger comes to some of them, but you still know who to root for.  And with any further characters, you're given clear indications of who is good and who is not.  No one will honestly say that they think Tyrion is a \\"bad guy\\" and Jaime a \\"good guy\\".  And suitably, the viewpoint character is never someone that the author holds out as a \\"bad guy\\".    3) Too many characters.  Many have complained that they have difficulty keeping track.  To put it delicately, it's not the author's fault.  As mentioned, there is only one well established center of reader empathy, and most of the characters either offshoots of that core or affect it antagonistically.  And you can't ask for more in the change of viewpoint, he even names each chapter after the viewpoint character.    4) Deaths of main characters.  You either know it's happening from the foreshadowing, or this is your first exposure to true literature.  If it's the latter, you should still read this book for the experience of learning.  From the opening scene in which a wolf is found dead after giving birth, you should know that a specific \\"wolf\\" in the story is going to die.  As if the abundant references to heraldry didn't make it obvious.  Stop feeling so let down.    5) It's written by a man.  Like I said before, there's no forgetting that Martin is a man.  It's not Charles Dickens.  But it's not to the level that you could accuse the story of being a delusion of grandeur.  You should expect very results oriented flow, and if you're disappointed by it, it's not the author's fault.    6) Lack of an Ending.  This isn't a valid flaw, but I can understand why people say it is.  First, the major dramatic question is: Will the kingdom survive?  The only ending satisfying to many would be a \\"yes\\" answer.  But, the answer is \\"no\\".  Still, just because you didn't expect or didn't like the ending, it doesn't mean it's not an ending.  The book even ends just as a certain person is named King of his own realm, solidifying the question that the Kingdom was doomed.  What more could you ask for?      7) It's part of a series.  I'm getting tired of this complaint.  Yes, the book is part of a series.  No, you do not have to read them all.  You probably shouldn't.  You'd get more of the \\"experience\\" for your time if you read about new characters anyway.  And if you want to criticize further volumes, do a critique of those volumes.  This one stands alone, and is sufficient to the task.  And if you really can't help but read the second because you loved the first so much, where's the crime?  It's not the author's fault.  And for the record, this series is not near as vacuous as the Wheel of Time.
B002ZG98J6|1.0|Very heavy in mindless action, but very, very light in faithfulness to the actual book. Wonderful casting, but they were wasted on an abysmal translation from the book to the script.
0385737947|4.0|I read the reviews on this one and wasn't sure what to think.<br /><br />A dystopian future society with a cruel, death defying game, ala Stephen King's, The Long Walk and The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins, but there was a twist to the story in that the main characters (players) didn't have their memories of how the maze was changed overnight, I liked this.  T<br /><br />The author could have gone the soap opera route and focused on the relationships of the characters, that wouldn't be so bad, but it isn't as interesting as solving the puzzle of the maze and forcing the players to cooperate which is just what happened.<br /><br />There was enough character development though to make me care about the kids.  When they were in danger I wanted to reach into the book and help them.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to the next book.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|First time I watched this was at the movies.  I was one of the few that keep track when the movie would be released and managed to book tickets for me and family.  I have a 6-year-old girl who loves MJ at a very tender age was thrilled when I got the tickets to catch the movie.  I think she might have been the youngest in the cinema.  After that we said to oursleves that we MUST get the DVD so that we (mother and child) can watch it over and over again...
B002XGRSBI|5.0|This concert was excellent and Paul sang alot of Beatle songs that were never performed in concert which was a real treat.  The concert footage was great Paul never failed to show what a great guitarist he is and his voice is still true.
0156027321|5.0|Matt Smetana   Period 8     --My Opinion--   I believe that this book clearly displays Pi's will to survive. All of the things that were taught to him by his father and religious leaders helped him overcome the great odds of surviving on the vast, open ocean. His father taught him about animals, and showing dominance. His religious leaders taught him to look to god when in doubt, and not to give up. The only weakness I found in this book was that if children decided to read this book, it has some parts that are potentially inappropriate, depending on said age group. Notice in the story that Richard Parker was actually a metaphor that describes Pi, and how he was the one who destroyed all of those things. The plot in this book was incredible, and I can tell what Yann Martel was trying to teach his readers; that even after terrible things like having your family die on a sinking ship, and being out at sea for months with only a ferocious tiger to keep you company, that you can still live a great life, and achieve so much after having so little. This book is a great read, that you may find hard to put down after you start, so clear your schedule, and read a book that has made top ten of my list of great reads!     --Book Summary--   Life of Pi, a novel written by Yann Martel, depicts how a young child becomes stranded at sea with a tiger accompanying him on a ship.  The book starts out when Piscine (Pi) is talking about his family, and why they continue to live in Canada. Pis father is the owner of the Zoo of Pondicherry and from that, Pi has learned about the different animals that inhabit the zoo, and how to take care of them. In one lesson, Pi's father teaches him and his brother about how to show dominance over a wild animal; he uses one of the zoo's tigers as an example. From the experience, Pi now knows how to teach dominance in wild animals.   The next section exemplifies Pi's polytheism, and how that causes problems between him, his family, and the churches inwhich he practices. Within the section, Pi's parents continue to suede him only to be Hindi, but Pi thinks that the belief in many gods is better because it gives you something to look forward to in the after life. Pi's father says that because of the current leader of India, he will move the zoo across the Pacific Ocean to Canada. Taking a last look at the zoo, Pi states the he will truly miss India. His family packs up their belongings, and heads off to sea.   Somewhere on their journey, there was a massive error, and the massive ship begins to sink. The workmen on board decide to help Pi by tossing him into the only rescue boat along with a Bengal tiger, a hyena, a zebra, and an orangutan. The 400-pound Bengal tiger's name is Richard Parker, who scares Pi to say the least. The hyena takes his time eating the zebra, and Pi tries his best to keep Orange Juice, the orangutan, out of harm's way. But eventually, Orange Juice is consumed slowly by the hyena, who is then eaten by Richard Parker. By then, Pi is really nervous about his safety on the ship, so he constructs a small raft out of supplies found on the ship to stay out of Richard Parker's way. Pi starts to show his dominance over Richard Parker by using a whistle and food, exactly the way his father had showed him and Ravi. Over time, Richard Parker feels less superior to Pi, and shows this by going to the bathroom away from Pi.   After many months, Pi finds a blind old man drifting at sea. They engage in a long conversation about his deceased shipmates and how the man wants more than anything to eat a shoe. Pi wonders why this man is so odd, until the man says that he would like to eat Pi. As he begins to lunge at Pi, Richard Parker saves the day, by swooping at the man, killing him. A little while later, Pi finds himself near a strange island inhabited by even stranger creatures. Those creatures are meerkats, which find their food in small little ponds all over the island. Right after his arrival, Pi noticesthat the island is made entirely of algae. Richard Parker spends his days on the island killing and eating meerkats, while at night he sleeps on the ship. Not until after few weeks does Pi realize the islands true nature. At night, all of the meerkats flock to the tree branches to sleep because on the ground, the algae turns acidic, and burns anything it touches. He finally notices it after he found a whole set of teeth in a tree branch. Pi and Richard Parker then leave the island and drift for a little while longer, until they reach the coast of Mexico, where upon their arrival, Richard Parker runs of into the forest. Pi finds Mexican officials who he tells his story to, but they don't believe him. It was then that Pi travels to Canada to live his life, and start his own family.
B002VECLVO|5.0|Colin Firth is superb in this film about a man dealing with loss. Firth does an excellent job of subtle character development as he plays a man overcome with grief to the point that he has become numb.  But it is more than this for it is about the forces that pull us into death to join those that have gone before us and the beautiful forces of life that pull us toward life, to keep going for anther day to enjoy the gift of existence. It is the story of an English professor in a community college in the 1960s who is trying to get through another day as his memory takes him back to conversations and intimacy with his deceased lover, Jim. Jim, played by Matthew Goode, was his partner for many years, and now, left alone, the title \\"A Single Man\\" has multiple meanings.  George Falconer is still connected to the world, as evidenced by his friendship with Charley, an old girlfriend, who has become a confidant.  Julianne Moore is great in this role. The character of George Falconer may be fearful of isolation and a solitary existence but he is also resistant to the attractions of the world, fully evident in the character of Kenny, a beautiful sensitive young student from one of his classes. Nicholas Hoult plays Kenny and it is not just Kenny's beauty that retains George's interest but the desire on the part of Kenny for insightful and meaningful interactions with a like minded soul. In fact the film shows George propositioned by a beautiful and yet vulnerable male hustler outside a liquor store. Worldly beauty doesn't pull him back from the brink. It is Kenny's more nuanced and meaningful overtures that act as a lifeline to a drowning man. This is a film for adults. Colin Firth's portrayal of George is one of loss, and disorienting grief, covered over with rituals of control and order. He has the exceptional ability to be coolly handsome while revealing a boiling undercurrent just below his surface. Nicholas Hoult is also excellent, first appearing as an appealing young manin the classroom, but revealing more depth and desire of meaningful interaction with each scene. Julianne Moore, playing an isolated divorcee, plays one of those wonderful friends who is supportive and kind and still may have an unrevealed agenda. She plays the part well. The film is based on Christopher Isherwood's novel of the same name, but be aware that changes have been made, and the film should be judged on its own merits since it has significantly adapted parts of the novel, including the ending. Visually, the film is stunning, for it captures the best sensibilities of late 1950's modernism and design.
B00280LYIC|5.0|The Lightning Thief is a great book. I'm in 11th grade and i still thought this book was pretty awesome. Definitely a page turner. I couldn't put it down. It's sort fo a tie between the Harry Potter Series and A Seris of Unfortunate Events, but of course in its own fun and exciting way.(: Excellent.
0143038583|5.0|After seeing Food, Inc. I got this book and the combination of those two have changed my life. It's surpising the facade that our food system is hidden behind! I now shop at my local farmers market for all my animal products (milk, meat and eggs) and seasonal veggies and fruit. I wish I could send a copy of this book to everyone I know. It is very detailed, not a short - or easy - read. But highly worth the time.
B000065AG8|3.0|DO NOT BUY if you are wanting the spanish version.  Only buy if you want the english track. I contacted Disney and they had problems with this DVD.  They are going to replace it for the REAL spanish version for free.  We love this movie but want it in spanish.  If you want the spanish version go through Disney directly so you don't have the same problem. Otherwise Monsters INC is a great movie.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|This was a great DVD! It really showed a side of Michael Jackson that most people have never seen before. I wish I could have seen him perform live. This Is It covered a lot of Jackson's biggest songs throughout his lifetime. Definitely get it!
B002Q9VPFM|3.0|I'm going to make this short.<br />I loved \\"Watchmen\\" I thought it was a great film, and absolutely had to buy this when it came out. But honestly this cut is bad. The \\"Black Freighter\\" fit in well with the comic but in his film it feels cheap and out of place. They just did not adapt it well to the plot and I found that the animation looked pretty poor compared to the amazingly high quality of this film. I enjoyed the director's cut much more.<br /><br />Pros: -Great boxset, made it worth keeping. Beautiful and high quality box and pictures.<br />-The digital copy is of the directors cut.<br />-Bonus materials are nice and plentiful.<br /><br />Cons: -The animation sucked, and was distracting to this great film.<br />  - The animated cut is the only cut of the film available in this set.<br /><br />The only reason I'm keeping this is because the boxset is so nice. This would be a 5 star review if the other editions of the film were available. The guilty party here is greed. Take it from an unbiased customer.
0740748475|4.0|This product, as all Calvin and Hobbes collections, contains wonderful strips that appeal to all persons from any aspect of life. It (as expected), contains ever strip Watterson ever had printed as well as his watercolors of Calvin and Hobbes. A wonderful product for dedicated fans or someone looking for a good laugh.    However, one drawback with this product is the quality of it's binding vs. its size. Each book, being so large, puts heavy strain on it's binding which is a glue binding. If used with care the books will last forever, but we all know such careful care is virtually impossible so these books binding will eventually deteriorate. However this should not deter fans from buying this product as rebinding the books with a higher quality binder will solve this problem forever.    Great Product, could be a little better, but it's one flaw is easily fixable. Definitely Recommend :)
B002AOWXO0|5.0|Love it!!!!  They compliment eachother greatly, so very happy upbeat music with an old twist!
B002UJIY7A|2.0|When I rented this movie, people were talking about the big twist ending.... unfortunately I am one of the few people who actually paid attention to the beginning of the movie, so for me there was absolutely no twist.  I seriously thought that everyone knew what I knew right from the beginning, so by the time the so called &#34;twist&#34; was revealed I was completely confused.  If you are an observant person, you will think this movie is a bit boring waiting for everyone else to figure out what you knew right from the start.  An extra star because I like the actors in this movie.  Stop reading here if you haven't seen the movie. SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER SPOILER:  The give away is in the first 10 minutes of the film... How could you NOT notice that, first of all the beginning of wedding footage never directly showed the bride and grooms faces, giving one cause to wonder why, thus making you pay more attention to the wedding footage.  So after more wedding footage is shown we actually see enough of the faces of the bride and groom to see, that it is NOT Mila Jovovich or Steve Zahn as the bride and groom, but someone totally different.  Therefore when you see they have the camera of the couple, and the information about the slain couple is revealed, it's a given that they were the one's who killed and replaced the bride and groom.  It was obvious to me anyway.  That's why when they revealed them as the killers I couldn't figure out how that was twisty in any way whatsoever.  This made the movie a bit boring for me.  Then I thought, maybe the twist was Mila saying it was okay to kill Steve... but that wasn't a big surprise either, after their talk on the beach.  Whatever..... if you are observant this movie will be a bit boring.
B001UV4XUQ|1.0|Lot of people and journalists think this is a great movie, so I bought it. Well, I bought the movie but I couldn´t watch it actually. Doesn´t work in my Blu Ray player, as others reviewers here and a couple friends of mine. What a shame people, fix this at once. And send us a standard DVD copy please, The original´s copy buyers are decreasing in the world, at big steps rate, take care with us or we have to change the team.
B002WCLG48|2.0|I think the sheer newness of this film has people blinded to the fact that it was not that good. I am fantasy and Manga artist and I am more than in agreement with artistic license, but there was so much of that in this flick that it took away what could have been decent stories. The visuals where at times confusing and totally unnecessary. It was like it was done by students who were allowed to spread their wings with colors and abstract shapes. This is somewhat typical of true Japanese Manga. Just too darn much. If they focused on what the game truly portrays this would have been much better.<br /><br />If you play the game religiously you will be a bit disappointed in this looooong awaited movie.
B002XZ62HK|5.0|All the songs on this CD are awesome. There's nobody else that can sing together the way Celtic Woman do.  There are songs that make you want to dance along to the rhythm, and then in the next instant, you're wanting to sob your heart out.  Worth every cent!!!!
1878424505|5.0|in my opinion this book is very helpful and inspiring ,so few  books keep u so interested and amazed to discover and learn more about you and your surroundings i strongly recommend this book to anyone who is in the verge of a new chapter in their life.
0671510991|5.0|Comprehensive. It was a nightmare for my highlighter. If there were 7 stars instead of 5, I would definitely choose that.
B0000797IO|3.0|I know that three stars may seem like a contradiction to my title, but for me a solid C+ can be a good movie.  It's not a great one, and it certainly is a masterpiece, but it is a decently entertaining and at times even remarkably moving film about adultery both physically and emotionally.<br /><br />The film centers around a woman named Justine who is just stuck.  She hates her job and she hates her husband and she hates that her life seems to have absolutely no meaning or purpose.  She is just longing for something, anything to break her mold and provide her with some sort of joy.  Her husband is a loving man who doesn't understand how to provide Justine with what she needs, and worse yet he doesn't even seem to understand that she needs anything.  He's painfully oblivious.  When Justine starts conversing with an equally `stuck' co-worker named Holden (obsessed with `Catcher in the Rye') she starts to find something in her life to hold onto, which leads her down the rapturous course of infidelity.<br /><br />The question is, what has she found and at what cost has she found it?<br /><br />In parts, this film works very well.  Jennifer Aniston holds the movie together with her emotionally void performance that really allows small glimmers of inner complexity shine through the cracks at just the right moments.  Personally, this is John C. Reilly's shinning moment, and he delivers a remarkably moving performance as the dim-witted husband who just wants to be happy (and that slap puts Ruby Dee to shame).  While these two stars chew up the scenery, Jake Gyllenhaal tends to play on clich&eacute; and deliver a rather bland performance.  I blame a lot of my issues on the script there (I don't think that his character was written very well) and so he comes off as just someone I didn't like.  Tim Blake Nelson also plays up a caricature instead of really taking advantage of the subtleties to make his character seem more relevant (both Phil and Bubba are characters that speak volumes when played right, yet only Reilly understand how to play it right).<br /><br />The supporting cast is all top notch though, especially Zooey Deschanel (when is she not superb?) and John Carroll Lynch.<br /><br />The script has some holes I didn't like very much (like I said, the development and really existence of the Holden character felt like a lazily constructed gimmick) but when we are focused on the marriage itself and those effected, the film really shines.  Anytime that Reilly and Aniston are sharing a moment, the film dramatically improves, and when we are left with Justine's contemplation of her actions we are brought to an honest and moving place.<br /><br />Like I said, in parts this film is really good, but as a whole if starts to suffer.<br /><br />So, this is a good film, but it could have been great!  I still highly recommend this one and consider this to be star moments for Reilly and Aniston, for neither has ever been this in tune with their characters.  The films flaws are forgivable (but not invisible) and so it is a film that can be provoking and engrossing.yet only Reilly understand how to play it right).    The supporting cast is all top notch though, especially Zooey Deschanel (when is she not superb?) and John Carroll Lynch.    The script has some holes I didn't like very much (like I said, the development and really existence of the Holden character felt like a lazily constructed gimmick) but when we are focused on the marriage itself and those effected, the film really shines.  Anytime that Reilly and Aniston are sharing a moment, the film dramatically improves, and when we are left with Justine's contemplation of her actions we are brought to an honest and moving place.      Like I said, in parts this film is really good, but as a whole if starts to suffer.    So, this is a good film, but it could have been great!  I still highly recommend this one and consider this to be star moments for Reilly and Aniston, for neither has ever been this in tune with their characters.  The films flaws are forgivable (but not invisible) and so it is a film that can be provoking and engrossing.
B001QPCPPG|5.0|As my obsession with Lady Gaga grows (I never in a million years thought I'd ever utter those words) I find myself covered in glee as I discover these `Cherrytree Sessions' here.  So far I've picked up two (this and Robyn's, both exceptional).  If you want to get a different taste of three tracks off `The Fame', then this is a great buy!<br /><br />The Piano and Voice version of `Poker Face' is outstanding, and if you've seen her play this live on any of her many television appearances then most likely you've heard at least the intro to this version, for she usually opens `Poker Face' on the piano.  It's weird to think that the girl who lavishly dropped `Just Dance' on the unsuspecting public is actually talented, but OMG she really is, and this track is one of many that proves it.<br /><br />Some have balked at the inclusion of the Stripped Down version of `Just Dance'.  It's funny that the song that makes you famous actually becomes your Achilles Heal over time.  This is one of her weakest tracks on `The Fame', but I actually like what she does with it here.  Sure, it doesn't really feel `stripped' down (I would have loved to hear this over an acoustic guitar) but it works, and the short running time is a bonus.  Regardless, her voice is very good, and it shows.<br /><br />The biggest surprise for me came with the Electric Piano and Human Beat Box version of `Eh, Eh (Nothing Else I Can Say)', namely because I really didn't like the original version of this song on `The Fame' and actually really LOVE what she does with it here.  It has so much character and her vocals are stellar and the song that once appeared bland and boring springs to life with a beat boxing background that calls to mind Justin Timberlake's `Rock Your Body' (the closing, obviously).  It was such a pleasant surprise to actually be taken aback by the way she recreated this track and delivered something superior and enticing.<br /><br />So, this is a tiny little bundle, but it's worth it for any fan of La'Gaga, and who isn't a fan?an?
B002MU4NLI|5.0|I loved it.  Wonderful.  1 thing though - the souvenir bell included was broken :(
0142004413|5.0|I first read this book at age thirteen and proceeded to re-read it when ever I wanted a lift.  Some of the stories made me laugh out loud and I found myself in love with Greece and even Dung Beetles.<br /><br />I recommend this book to everyone I know.
B00003CX5P|3.0|Star Wars Episode 1.  The biggest box office smash since the 1989 Batman.  Widely considered to be the biggest disappointment in the history of cinema.  In 1999, George Lucas finally released the first of a prequel trilogy, which had been in development for sixteen years, since the release of Return of the Jedi in 1983. Lucas had sixteen years to write this thing.  And this was the best he could do?  I still don't hate this movie, but couldn't it have been a lot better?  But as I said, I don't think this is anywhere near as bad as the second and third episode.    The movie starts off with the following information. The Galactic Republic is in a period of decline, with its economy corrupt and deteriorating. In response to a taxation on trade routes, the Trade Federation organizes a blockade of battleships around the peaceful planet of Naboo.  No one gets in, and no one gets out.  Hoping to resolve the matter, the Supreme Chancellor has sent two Jedi, Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan Obi-Wan Kenobi, to negotiate with Trade Federation Viceroy Nute Gunray.  So, what is the Trade Federation doing?  They're unhappy with some taxes, so now they decided to become terrorists?  It is revealed later that they're working with Darth Sidious, a Sith Lord, whatever that is.  But still, they decide to become full-blown terrorists just because they're frustrated with some taxes?  And if they're terrorists, why didn't the Chancellor send an army to take out the battleships?  And why is a Jedi-in-training suddenly called a Padawan?  In the old movies, Yoda never called Luke that, and neither did Obi-Wan.  Anyway, Darth Sidious orders the Viceroy to kill the Jedi.  Even though he has to know how hard it is to kill Jedi.  Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon escape, and discover that the Federation is planning to invade Naboo.  They head down to the planet to warn the people.  It is there that they meet Jar Jar Binks, the most despised character in the franchise.  The thing is, he didn't really bother me that much.  He's supposed to be the comic relief, which he actually is, occasionally.  I understand the point of view of people who hate him, but I didn't really feel that way about him.  I didn't love him, but I didn't hate him.    So then the Jedi go to the Naboo capital city and find that the invasion has already taken place.  The planet has been taken over.  The Trade Federation wants the Queen to sign a treaty so their invasion will be made legal.  The Jedi rescue the Queen (why is there a Queen in a Democratic system of government?) and escape the planet.  They want to head for Coruscant, but they are too low on fuel.  They have to stop at the nearby planet of Tatooine, a planet that is not a part of the Federation.  They meet a young Anakin Skywalker here.  Here's another thing I have a problem with.  At the end of Return of the Jedi, when Darth Vader is unmasked, he looks to be about at least sixty years old.  And since they decided to set this movie tirty years before \\"A New Hope\\", he would be at least in his late twenties at this point.  Anakin is a young nine-year-old slave kid.  When Qui-Gon hears that, he isn't shocked that there is still slavery in the Galaaxy.  He doesn't call Coruscant and have them send over a huge relief effort to free the slaves.  See, Jedi only help when there are trade or border disputes.  Not with stuff that actually matters, like this.  Qui-Gon can't get the parts for the ship that they need.  He doesn't have the correct money he needs on this world, so they are stuck for the time being.  Anakin then offers a solution.  He does Podracing, a sport than humans are not usually able to do.  He can enter the race, win, and give them the winnings.  They make a convoluted deal with Anakin's owner, Watto.  Qui-Gon has deduced that Anakin has Jedi reflexes.  He also makes a side bet with Watto.  If Anakin wins, the race, he is free.    Now, I have to say, even though this race was just a CGI version of the chariot race from Ben-Hur, I thought it was very good.  I don't know why so may people hate it so much.  After the race, Anakin is free.  They now have money for the parts they need.  Anakin has to leave his mother, and tells her that he will come back and free her one day.  As Anakin and Qui-Gon are about to leave, they are attacked by Darth Maul, who is a Sith, whatever that is.  After a short fight, they manage to escape unharmed.  Qui-Gon deduces that the Sith have returned.  When he returns to Coruscant, he reports this to the Jedi Coucil.  He also tells them about Anakin, and how he has a lot of iron in his blood, or something like that.  He thinks that Anakin is the chosen one, the one who was prophesied to bring balance to the force.  The same prophecy which , in the old movies, was never mentioned by Obi-Wan, Darth Vader, Yoda, or the Emperor.  Qui-Gon requests that the council agree to Anakin's training, but they refuse, claiming that he is too old.  Even though Luke Skywalker is later trained at about age twenty.  Meanwhile, the Queen cannot get the senate to act quickly enough.  Acting on advice from Palpatine, the Naboo senator, Amidala calls out the Chancellor as a weak leader who needs to be replaced.  In the meantime, she decides to go back to Naboo to try to help her people herself.  The Jedi council sends Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan with her to assist her and to try to meet Darth Maul again.  Instead, of, say, sending a few hundred Jedi Kights to assist the Queen.    The last half hour was the highlight for me.  They weren't really up to coherent storytelling in this movie, but they could at least do decent action scenes.  Padme, a handmaiden who befriended Anakin but is really the Queen in disguise, but who cares since she wasn't really developed a whole lot, devises an elaborate plan to capture the Viceroy.  When did she become such a great military strategist?  I thought Naboo was a peaceful planet.  Anyway, the ending battle was visually stunning.  It would have been a lot better ifthere had been an interesting story leading up to it.  Obi-Wan and Qui-Gon battle Darth Maul.  Qui-Gon is killed, but Obi-Wan is able to defeat Maul.  Before dying, Qui-Gon makes Obi-Wan promise that he will train Anakin.  This completely disarms what Obi-Wan told Luke in the old movies.  In Return of the Jedi, Obi-Wan told Luke that he wanted to train Anakin because he saw a potentially great Jedi Knight.  Not because Anakin was some chosen one or something.  And not because his old master asked him to do it.  Making this Obi-Wan's primary motivation for training Anakin makes his relationship with Anakin less meaningful, and doesn't establish the father/son-like relationship that they were supposed to have.  What they should have done is have Obi-Wan be the one arguing with the council that Anakin should be trained.  So Naboo is liberated, Obi-Wan becomes Anakin's master, Palpatine becomes Chancellor, and the movie ends.    This is no where near the worst thing to carry the name Star Wars.  It's certainly not the best, but it did have a few things going for it that puts it above the other two in this trilogy.  First of all, Qui-Gon is awesome.  Liam Neeson plays the fatherly mentor very well, and it was a shame that he could only be in one movie.  He could have possibly played Obi-Wan, even though Ewan Mcgreggor did a phenomenal job in that role.  Ewan wasn't too great in this movie, though.  He just seemed kind of wooden.  But maybe he was just playing the role he was given.  Another positive thing about this movie was the utter lack of Hayden Christensen.  Granted, Jake Lloyd wasn't a good actor either, but I have more sympathy for him.  He's just a kid, wheras Christensen is a grown man.  And Lloyd didn't whine nearly as much as Christensen.  Another thing I liked about the movie was Darth Maul.  Some people complain that he wasn't developed enough.  The thing is, that's what made him so interesting.  He's scary and mysterious.  Unfortunately, we never really learn what a Sith is.  I guess it's just a Jedi who turned to the dark side, but why didn't they call them that in the old trilogy?  For this prequel trilogy, they made up a bunch of names for thing that had different names in the old trilogy.  The Phantom Menace suffers from a lack of coherent plotlines, and the fact that it disarms what was supposed to happen based on the classic series.  However, there is some great CGI work done here.  I like to pretend that this prequel trilogy never was made, but this is the one movie from that trilogy that I can actually stand.
B000267JQK|2.0|Bands like this is that they try too hard.  Simple.  They parody each other and try to be goth sensitive while being dark.  Its all al farce, and its also embarrassing to think at guys portraying himself as such a tortured soul with fisting the air with make up on his face.  Later in life this music scene will be panned as cliche' and it was.  This CD is just a record companies attempt to suck money out of your pocket pretending to be genuine.
0805091742|3.0|I had not heard of Dr. Gawande until a colleague of mine mentioned him to me and suggested I read an article that had been written about the upcoming release of The Checklist Manifesto.  I eagerly anticipated the book's release and couldn't wait to dig into it when I received it.<br /><br />I enjoyed this book a great deal.  Dr. Gawande does an outstanding job of demonstrating the value of having checklists.  His stories bring to life the value that they represent and I often found myself thinking of so many different ways I could leverage checklists to be more effective in my various business pursuits.<br /><br />My only real disappointment with this book was it never really told me how to begin developing a checklist methodology.  It builds a great case for using checklists but I think it would have been great to dissect the process a bit more as to how to develop and create one.  I think this could have been a very powerful addition to the book but regardless I got a tremendous about from it and anticipate recommending it to my friends and colleagues.<br /><br />Anxious to read some more of Dr. Gawande's other work.
B000002MUQ|3.0|You listen to Van Halen 1984....and you listen to this...its almost heart breaking.  Some songs are good, but in comparison to what?  If you compare it to the Roth era they don't measure up...hell not even the 5150 days.  The problem with the Halens is they produce their own sound at their own study, they are perfectionists...it shows here.  Real music doesn't sound like it was noted out of a computer.  Being a great player and a great song writer are way different...somehow Eddie and Alex kept getting better at playing...but less at songwriting.  The music is sleek and polished, but sounds stale.  Like a car commerical.  To think they had once the spontanious nature to wail out Women and Children First and mistake and all still made a great album...those mistakes are trademark and usually people find themselves airwailing the dive before Dave sings (or tries) on Everybody Wants Some.  Here its like a process that the Bett Midler of Rock Sammy Hagar is more that happy to cry over.  This CD contains so much love that it drenched my speakers with tears.  He tries to net some old Halen fans with Wham Bam Amsterdam, but its so terrible that its an insult to the legacy of that era of music.  The best part of this CD is the solo's even of crap songs like Big Fat Money, which was just rubbish you can at least enjoy the solo.  This was Sammy's last but even though many cried fowl when they booted him.  If it kept up it would have Van Halen would have become Journey.
1423101499|5.0|Such and interesting and fun story to share with my 7 year old son. He loves watching Hercules with us and we really enjoyed reading this together!
B000W1V5VU|3.0|The first Oceans was next to perfect, great characters, comedy, interest, etc.  The movie kept you there and watching without wondering or distraction.  The second...12...left some people irriated the story was not as complex and relied more one characters to be the story as opposed to the \\"mission\\".  I found the second...12 to be the better of the series for it was more enjoyable to in a sense witness the scene that was the relationships of the characters.  The 3rd or 13 tries to return to the 11 type...but it is almost too big.  Its still a good movie but it has so many stars and so much going on that the characters are lost...some don't even have lines...also the mission seems secondary...but to what?  More famous actors that you'll say...hey there is X or there is X.  It looses its wittiness and loses its appeal.  Some scene in the 12 movie are longer but are validated by the sense of the meaning to the film in the first the snazzy cuts make the movie great paced.  Here its almost a mashup of items.  A ad for designer clothes and milfism.  Its still good...but you'd be better to watch 11..then 12...and if you need the doggy bag grab 13.
0786838655|5.0|Such and interesting and fun story to share with my 7 year old son. He loves watching Hercules with us and we really enjoyed reading this together!
0385504225|5.0|This book is a great read! I knew it would be and I have not been disappointed. It took longer than I expected to be shipped to me due to the third party company, but it was worth it!
1423101472|5.0|Such and interesting and fun story to share with my 7 year old son. He loves watching Hercules with us and we really enjoyed reading this together!
B000OPO6VU|5.0|This album showcases the incredible talents of three mega talents on one stage at one time. They are and will always be the best at their craft.
B002WY65W4|5.0|Zombieland is a bloody comedy full of gore, guts and guffaws!<br />I know it's been said before but Zombieland is the new Shaun of the Dead.<br />The zombie slaying, comedy and awkward romance are similar in both films.<br /><br />Woody Harrelson's performance is nothing short of amazing! Tallahassee (Harrelson) is a zombie killing machine with an unholy obsession with finding a twinky. No zombie will stand in the way of this man and his twinky! Jesse Eisenberg's acting is Michael Cera-like. Columbus (Eisenberg) like Tallahassee has his own obsessions: emergency bathroom visits and survival rules!<br />The performances of all the actors (including a cameo from Bill Murray himself) are well done.<br />There are a few predictable plot moments but they are not enough to distract from the humor of the film.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the comedy/horror genre then you have to watch this movie!
B000NVL9KG|5.0|This album told a story that eluded a lot of people when it was first released. This is a gem, a classic, and should be a part of anyone loving hard rock, progressive rock, and powerful music with depth...
B000OLGCI4|5.0|I am a grandmother and I do love this movie! My grandkids also love it. Bought it for my 3 yr. old granddaughter and it's one of her favorites! Great music and fun.
B000SQKZKG|5.0|A gem of an album by the best progressive rockers of their period. No one can come close to the talent of these three. A must have....
1591841666|5.0|Should you quit or stick it out?  Take a few hours and read this book, especially if you want you or your company to be the best in the world at what you do.  I told my company it should be required reading!
B000VBIEXS|5.0|One of the greatest albums done in the last three decades. Further proof of the incredible talents of these three. This is a classic, a must have for anyone who enjoys great rock....
B002XTBE6K|5.0|Emma is not a particularly long novel, and this movie is sometimes slow.  That's the only complaint I have.  One can only assume that the director was captivated by the actors and would not let them go.  There is not  weak performance in a cast combining familiar faces and new. The lead, Romola Garai, is the finest actress to appear for a very long time (and there are some very good young actresses about).  Her performance is so simple and direct that for a while I took her for granted, only slowly realizing that her very simplicity is astonishingly clever, and totally individual.  Once or twice I thought of Judi Dench, but she's nothing like Dame Judi except in ability and potential, nor like anyone except herself.  Austen's Emma is self-centered and tactless as she herself slowly discovers, and Garai makes Emma's blundering attempts to govern the lives of others credible, while making it equally credible that a man of sense and compassion would fall for her.  So do we.
B000001ES4|5.0|as a connoisseur of music, I must tell you, this might be one of the best you ever hear. I love all music, including Vivaldi, Leahy, Led Zeppelin, Enya, The Rolling Stones and so many more. This is one of my favorite albums ever. Period.
B00319ECHE|2.0|For those of you that are familiar with Static-X's Cannibal, you should have a general idea of where this album is headed. Although only a tad better than Cannibal, this album seems to be very bland & basic. Apart from some synthesized vocal sections, there's nothing synthesized that catches the ear. The vocals are too screamy for long sections of time, that it's a relief where they don't. As for the music, it's either just speed drumming or stopped in sections--and it quickly becomes repetitive. This is because of the changed members in the band, and it hurts the entire sound experience here.    As a fan of Demanufacture & Archetype, their best 2 CD's, this one fails miserably. Avoid this CD!
B0025KVLU6|5.0|If you were only going to have one album of the Beatles this is the one to have. Wish I still had my vinyl. Not a big fan of remastering I'm still pickled pink when I listen to it. Oh the memories
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Dark Knight BD viewed on a Panasonic 50\\" plasma via a Panasonic DMP-BD80 through a Yamaha RX-V869 receiver (5.1 speakers) and an HDMI splitter/amp.<br /><br />PQ - outstanding.  the richest blacks on BD.  very little edge enhancement.  3D pop, great exposure on details, good colors, etc.<br /><br />AQ - one small beef; the WB disc defers to the Dolby Digital soundtrack - you have to manually change this to Dolby TruHD if you have a player that has this ability.  otherwise - very impressive AQ on par with Bug's Life or Drag Me To Hell.<br /><br />i use this disc for showcasing purposes - the IMAX scenes are among the best available on BD for viewing, and the Bat-tumbler sequence in the middle is arguably the most memorable action sequence since the lobby scene in The Matrix, imho.
0385339607|5.0|Somehow John Grisham can make insurance claims and legalese interesting.  Two of the cringe inducing most boring topics I can think of and Grisham is able to keep me enthralled page after page.  Every character in this tale of corporate injustice is easy to see in the mind's eye.  I loved it.
0470450266|5.0|Incredible book. I love it. Scott does an amazing job of explaining not only how to sculpt the anatomy, but WHY things work together like they do. As an added bonus, he shows how to create and add accessories to characters, which for me is a major plus. I'd highly recommend this to not only ZB users, but also anyone looking to improve their anatomy modeling skills regardless of the software. Best ZB book out there (since Scott's last book, that is.)
B000003BZ4|5.0|Having just recently discovered the mule I have been enjoying going back and exploring some of the band's back catalogue.  This is the band's debut album from 1995 and it is a good one.  Gov't Mule began as a side project of the Allman Brothers.  Allman's guitarist Warren Haynes and bass player Allen Woody formed the band along with drummer Matt Abts in the early 90's as something to occupy their time in between their main band's albums and tours.  The music is similar to the Allman's output with a healthy dose of southern influenced blues, but the band has also been known to mix in reggae, jam, dub, and even a hint of metal at times for a rather wide variety of output.  For a debut album this is a really strong one.  There is not a weak track on the disc and the three instrumentalists shine throughout.  Warren Haynes is known for his guitar prowess, but he is also a great blues vocalist which never seems to get as much attention.  I also like Hayne's lyrics; they fit the music like a glove and tend to cover a bit more ground than just generic blues images.  Instead of listing the highlights I will simply say that every track on this disc is a highlight.  I love the whole album from start to finish.  For a first album these guys hit a home run right off the bat.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|This DVD was a present for my wife. Although I've not watched the series, she seems to enjoy it very much. However, I will say that my Amazon order enabled me to obtain the DVD quickly and easily, without endless calling/searching around town locally, for the copy.    The order was effortless, and the DVD was delivered quickly without drama. Just the way I like it.
B000XUBF3I|5.0|You really can't judge a book by its cover! Flylady is a saint!  She has given me hope.  I am so happy to be a FlyBaby!  Thank you, thank you! To all you jaded, &#34;sophisticated&#34; fellow cynics out there: don't sell this author short!  If you need a flightplan out from under your books, papers, and organic food fallout, ignore the misguided negative reviews (all 1% of them), accept a personality seemingly far-removed from yours, and enjoy the flight of your life!
006621131X|5.0|I purchased this book initially because of my interest in Robert Mapplethorpe, and it was revealing to learn about his early career.  However, now that I've finished the book and enjoyed Patti Smith's style of writing, I'm a fan of hers too!  I recommend it as a very touching and bittersweet glimpse into the germination of the careers of two American creative giants.
0451228731|1.0|This book started out great. But don't be fooled, this book is one long introduction into what is probably going to be as many books as they can get the public to buy. Don't fall for it. After reading John Grisham's \\"The Associate\\" and then this one, I'm done buying books that have no ending.
B002NXSRVG|1.0|THIS WAS JUST SOOOOO SAD.     THE DIRECTOR CAPTURED ABSOLUTELY NO ESSENCE OF THE ORIGINAL CARTOONS WE ALL GREW UP WITH.  FILLED WITH BAD ACTING, BAD CASTING, AND ATROCIOUS ONE-LINERS.   IT IS OBVIOUS WHOEVER WROTE AND DIRECTED THIS MOVIE NEVER SAW THE CARTOONS.      PLEASE, SOMEBODY CALL A REAL DIRECTOR AND RE-MAKE THIS MOVIE.     HORRIBLE. JUST HORRIBLE.
B0018RWMNM|5.0|Quick fast delivery!!  Lone live Blu-ray!!   My favorite movie on Blu-ray and I am loving it. This seller is 5 star.
B001MYIXAW|3.0|Film: Empire magazine's Kim Newman compared this film to Victor Erice's 1973 majestic opus The Spirit of the Beehive. I can't think of a better parallel: Each film is as graceful and authoritatively affecting; and just as Beehive faintly honors the grandeur of the story and heartbreak of Frankenstein, so does Let the Right One In tribute the entire lore of vampires and the corresponding stories of its written and spoken history through gentle underscores in the film's own narrative. As you've heard -- and as you will always hear from anyone who's seen it -- Let the Right One In is only a vampire horror picture on the outside; beneath its surface is an intricate, deeply intimate, and ironically life-avowing story of love (not only of the romantic bond between one individual and another, but of a deep passion for the nature of people and things as they relate to the development of the universe). A staggering film. Film grade: 10/10.    DVD/Blu-ray: The first (and only, thus far) print of Let the Right One In, from distributor Magnet, is a product that should be avoided indefinitely. In their attempt to make a \\"more pure\\" translation of the film's original English subtitles, those at Magnet have doubtless loosened its tension and lessened its overall impact. Magnet has been promising a reprint of the product since April of 2009, though has not made any progress in either detailing its projected release or confirming distribution.    Because of Let the Right One In's caliber as a motion picture -- one strong enough to survive a moderate subtitle issue, but one that will increase drastically once the issue has been resolved -- and its ghostly availability in its theatrical form, viewers too eager to see it before its indeterminate re-release won't be completely wasting their money by purchasing this product. But they will certainly need to re-purchase the corrected print if they wish to enjoy the film in its original state.
0812973992|5.0|I'd never read this author, but the premise of the story sounded interesting, so I gave it a try. I fell in love with his style and characters. I found myself limiting my reading time towards the end, so it wouldn't be over. Definitely one of the best books I've read in a while. Now I'm looking forward to reading his others.
B00005K3OT|4.0|Chocolat is a movie of sentiments, and it certainly flaunts its sentiments proudly -- a stubborn quality that just as certainly lessens the film's overall dramatic weight. But at some point, its scrumptious heart melts its viewers into drooling weepers ready and hungry for its fairytale framework. And once that happens -- perhaps only minutes after the opening sequences, or maybe after its final ones -- it's more than difficult to shake its warmth. To call the movie inspiring may be too generous, but it more than deserves to be called uplifting. And it is.
B000LPI68W|4.0|I won't review the movie; There are plenty of reviews of this wonderful flick elsewhere. Instead, I'm reviewing the format offered here: VOD.<br /><br />Simply put, even though they show the box which includes both the American Theatrical and Extended editions (\\"The Professional\\" and \\"Leon\\", respectively), this download appears to only include \\"The Professional\\", and thus omits the extra 24 minutes of this movie which make such a huge difference to the story.<br /><br />I would encourage you to grab the disc instead, as the heavily-edited American theatrical version is lacking. There are plot points which are never properly explained, and wonderful moments when Mathilda is trained to be a \\"Cleaner\\" that were deemed too \\"sensitive\\" for American viewers.<br /><br />\\"The Professional\\" is still an awesome film, but I'd really prefer it if AVOD would put \\"Leon\\" here instead, and stop leading searches for \\"Leon\\" to this product; They're not the same movie.
B0000WN0ZK|4.0|\\"Nothing like a little disaster to sort things out.\\"     Blowup isn't a precise film in its execution, but its moderate disfunction sharpens the edge with which it cuts into viewers and judges societal desolation with great efficiency and power. It is photographed beautifully, and its photographing within the picture is linear to the physical presentation of a fashion-based yet common culture. This is a terrific film.
0670021652|4.0|What is marriage?  That's what I wanted to know.  Obviously, different things for different people.  If you're married, getting married, or are otherwise interested in the subject, this is a good job.  I fell it's pretty realistic, with different topics from cheating, to starting important conversations, to prenups, to some very interesting statistics.  Probably obvious to a lot of people but I feel there will be good info for most.      Also different types of marriages, which I found interesting.  Lots to do with kids, of course.  Some things about \\"lack of kids\\" too.      If you liked Eat, Pray, Love, this may be a shocker to you.  Not a sequel.
1861085257|5.0|Angie Scarr is an inspirational artesian who is passionate about modeling culinary art with polymer clay techniques in miniature. Her book is definatley a must have for any serious miniaturist who wants to add that special touch.
B000002C4J|4.0|I like Celine Dion and you can say that I am a fan of her music particularly of her French recordings. This album is strictly English. I loved all the songs except track 3 (Treat Her Like a Lady) which I found was kind of annoying. It just isn't Celine's style and I appreciate her trying to make herself flexible but it just didn't sound like her. \\"Tell Him\\" is sung with American legend, Barbra Streisand. She sings her mega-hit Oscar winning song, \\"My Heart Will Go On,\\" from the film, Titanic. Apart from the usual songs about love and relationships, Celine has a good selection. She sings \\"I Hate You Then I Love You,\\" with late opera singing legend, Luciano Pavarotti. For the most part, it's a good compact disc and a must-have for a Celine Dion fan.
B002XTBEDI|5.0|I love old english type movies thus this one is righ tup my alley.  I recommend everyone watch it.  It is well worth it.
1400052173|4.0|\\"The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks\\" is an amazing story of the Lacks family and the scientists who used a sample of cancerous cells from Henrietta in the 1950s to cure a myriad of diseases and map the human genome.<br /><br />Ms. Lacks suffered from a rare and particularly strong, fast growing uterine cancer.  During treatment, doctors took a sample of the cancerous tissue and discovered it could easily and quickly be grown in massive quantities.  Her cells created one of the strongest cell lines in the world and her cells are still being used in science today and will likely be used for years to come.<br /><br />The book takes the reader from the 1950s to today.  It focuses on the Deborah, the daughter of Henrietta, and her quest to understand her mother's contribution to science.<br /><br />I found myself absorbed in the world of the Lacks family - descendents of slaves who, for the most part still live in poverty.<br /><br />The books deals with issues of race, education, informed consent and the need of science to have access to sample tissues.  It asks the ethical question of who should be allowed to use tissue samples and to whom the tissues belong after they have been removed from a living human.  What if science makes a breakthrough discovery based on their research on a tissue sample taken from your body?  Should you receive any monetary compensation?<br /><br />I was fascinated by most aspects of this book.  I would have liked if the author had given more detailed scientific information on exactly how Henrietta's cancer cells differed from most cells.  I wanted to know how they differed on a molecular level from typical cancer cells.  Also, the author kept reiterating throughout the book that the Lacks family was distrustful of her and scientists.  It was obvious to me that they were distrustful of both.  I became tired of reading about specific incidences of mistrust.<br /><br />Overall, my complaints are fairly minor.  \\"The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks,\\" tells a story very few know and poses unique ethical questions.unique ethical questions.
B002ZG98GO|4.0|Humungous expectations have preceded this movie and stars one of the biggest stars of the Indian Film Industry Shahrukh Khan who has thus far given two flops i.e. Billu Barber and Dulha Mil Gaya, although they were not considered to be noteworthy to begin with.<br />Karan Johar who began his career with Kuch Kuch Hota Hai has started to venture in to serious cinema territory with Kabhi Alvida Na Kehna has also tried to maintain this stance with his production house producing diverse fares such as Dostana and Wake up Sid.<br />Even before the release this movie was in the hot water with the Shiv Sena, a right wing party prevented its release because of statements made by Shahrukh about some Pakistani cricket players.<br />The foray of Fox Search Light pictures in Bollywood with the payment of an obscene amount of rupees for the rights, they hope to have a successful launch where Sony stumbled with Saawariya.<br />How does this all bode with MNIK?<br />MNIK is the story of Rizvaan Khan who suffers from Aspergers and has the inability to deal with social situations and interactions. He migrates to America after his brother sponsors him and starts working as a cosmetics salesman. He meets Kajol, a single mother who works in a salon and falls in love. His brother protests his decision to marry her but they do and start a small business together. Their domestic bliss is interrupted until 9/11. Life takes a tragic turn and Mandira accuses Rizvan and his faith for the tragedy. They separate and Rizvaan embarks on a journey that will bring back Mandira and clear conceptions about his name and religion.<br />The movie showcases the finest talents India has to offer and Shahrukh delivers his best performance to date in recent years after Chak De. Any doubts that one had about his acting ability are permanently erased.  Acting as a person with Autism, he is simply superb and has all the gestures and mannerisms to a T, I know this because I work with Autistic children. His acting makes you smile, watch the scene when Kajol asks him to marry him or the scene when he is interrogated at the airport. In fact in every scene there is a nuance that deserves a second viewing. Hopefully we will be able to see more of Rizvaan and less of Raj in the future.I cannot wait for the DVD to see the brilliant scenes individually.<br />Kajol is simply superb, and makes a grand re entry. She plays the role of the supporting wife, and devasted mother with deftness. The chemistry of Shahrukh and Kajol is simply electric.<br />Karan Johar's direction and Shibhani Bhatija's script is marvelous. Ravi Chandrans cinematography captures the American landscape remarkably well. Shankar - Ehsaan and Loy have complemented the movie with great music. My personal favorites are Sajdaa and Noor E Khuda.  The only drawback that I can find would be Deepa Bhatia's editing, the second half could have been a little shorter and less preachy because it attempts to make Rizvaan in to a some sort of an icon.<br />On the whole, My name is Khan is a great movie. I give it four stars because in my opinion the first half deserves 5 stars while the second half deserves 3 because things get a bit lengthy. Watch this movie now. Four stars 12/18/10<br />Post Script: If you have seen the movie and found it too long, the American version is being readied for release and it is supposedly about 35 minutes shorter. Dharma Productions have recruited the services of Alan Edward Bell, director of 500 Days of Summer and will be released on the 7th of May with subtitles and voiceovers in English.h the scene when Kajol asks him to marry him or the scene when he is interrogated at the airport. In fact in every scene there is a nuance that deserves a second viewing. Hopefully we will be able to see more of Rizvaan and less of Raj in the future.I cannot wait for the DVD to see the brilliant scenes individually.  Kajol is simply superb, and makes a grand re entry. She plays the role of the supporting wife, and devasted mother with deftness. The chemistry of Shahrukh and Kajol is simply electric.  Karan Johar's direction and Shibhani Bhatija's script is marvelous. Ravi Chandrans cinematography captures the American landscape remarkably well. Shankar - Ehsaan and Loy have complemented the movie with great music. My personal favorites are Sajdaa and Noor E Khuda.  The only drawback that I can find would be Deepa Bhatia's editing, the second half could have been a little shorter and less preachy because it attempts to make Rizvaan in to a some sort of an icon.  On the whole, My name is Khan is a great movie. I give it four stars because in my opinion the first half deserves 5 stars while the second half deserves 3 because things get a bit lengthy. Watch this movie now. Four stars 12/18/10  Post Script: If you have seen the movie and found it too long, the American version is being readied for release and it is supposedly about 35 minutes shorter. Dharma Productions have recruited the services of Alan Edward Bell, director of 500 Days of Summer and will be released on the 7th of May with subtitles and voiceovers in English.
