1422161978|5.0|If businesses keep doing the same thing over and over , the results will be the same.  By putting in practive just few ideas shared in this book, be ready to experience quite a phenomenal growth.  The authors write about what is going on with several businesses. Some service, poor service, no service and then; the self service.  They also wrote \\" The greatest opportunity for value creation resides in staging experiences\\". Apply to your work, your business,  some ideas shared in the book, it will make a difference. You must read it.
B000002LFZ|5.0|This CD takes me back a few years. The songs are great - I didn't remember just how great until I got the CD. One of my best purchase decisions for music.
B005529BDK|5.0|works quite well, no problems, do recomend got it because it kinda reminded me of peggle In the way. different of course,
B003VIW8DK|5.0|Reviewing other reviews is probably a bit esoteric, but I am amused by some of the negative sentiments from people who seem shocked...SHOCKED that this doesn't sound exactly like a 1970's Roxy Music disc. Well, duh, Bryan Ferry has sort of been there and done that. This is really great material, well executed, well produced and well recorded. The songs are really enjoyable, and my first impulse after listening to it in my car was to play it again. I liked his Dylan phase, but I am really pleased to see him back to doing his own stuff again (and a cover of \\"Song to the Siren\\"). And, as others have noted, it is really heartwarming to see him teamed up with all the core members of Roxy again. There were some bad feelings between those boys for awhile (Eno seemed particularly pissed off right after he left; if you don't believe me, listen to the scathing lyrics and unflattering impersonation he does in the song \\"Dead Finks Don't Talk\\"). But Eno has appeared on a few Ferry discs now, and with the appearance on this one of him, Phil Manzanera and Andy Mackay, well, it just feels like a happy family reunion. If you like Ferry's singing and sensibility as an artist, don't be put off by the naysayers: this is a solid record and I think you'll enjoy it.
B004HZ76FQ|4.0|I like the game. Graphics are good for a phone. not something I cld play for hours on end... But still is fun. I wish theyd make hooking the fish easier. quite a workout and makes me get tired of playing it faster than anything. But all in all a fun and nicely made app
B0034G4OXQ|2.0|----------------------------  \\"Hereafter\\" (2011)   ----------------------------  Matt Damon stars as a reluctant psychic who has the ability to connect grieving people with their dead loved ones, but feels his talent to be a curse. His story intersects, unevenly, with two other people who have had recent mystic experiences. This film was \\"artful\\" and deliberate to the point of lethargy, and the Altmanesque shifting between parallel plots was surprisingly clumsy and artless. Moreover, the big ending was a real letdown - instead of saying anything about the afterworld, other than that it exists, Director Clint Eastwood tries to blow our mind by telling us that even the psychic has no idea what lies beyond.  Wow. Welcome to the club, buddy. Instead, the plot is resolved by a simple, unexplained romantic liason, bluntly provided at the last moment with no motivation other than the dissatisfaction that Damon's character feels because his burdensome, spooky \\"gift\\" keeps chasing women away. Yes, there is something to be said for understatement and anticlimax as dramatic tools, but Eastwood overdoes it in this film, a problem made worse because the script is so bereft of vigor or depth. Skippable. (Axton)
0061191981|5.0|I admit to having a bit of a celebrity crush on Gordon Ramsay.  I've always loved his 'brutish' no-nonsense way of running his kitchens, as it's depicted on TV.  When I saw this autobiography I though it would be a great opportunity to see how much of the bravada we see on screen is real and what is not.  Reading this book showed me that, at the end of the day, Gordon Ramsay is really just like you and me.  I never knew the tough life he had growing up and how he quite literally clawed his way to the top of his field through nothing but hard work and determination.  What we see on TV may seem cruel (albeit entertaining), but what's behind that mean-looking facade is a man who wants his proteges to give 110% because he's never given anything less in his whole life.  I respect Gordon Ramsay even more after reading this book and I would gladly read more of his stories if he ever decides to put them out.
B003UESHDU|3.0|Overall a well written book althought it may give a bias view of Apple and Mr. Jobs. The biz lessons at the end of each chapter can be skept or taken with a grain of salt. The book is dated 2007 so, does not described the latest and greatest achievments of the iPhone company but still it provides a good reading.
B004I1AGTC|2.0|i purchased this product from Desert Paradise, and the film looks boot leg, and the cover art is different than the one pictured online. Ip Man as a wonderful series, but be careful when shopping with Desert Paradise for Ip Man 2.
0425241505|5.0|One million romance bloggers can't be wrong.  Honestly, I hardly ever read other people's reviews until after I finish a book. I'm always afraid it will color my opinions. But you would have had to be living under a rock to miss the huge response to this book when it came out.  Reviewer after reviewer, gushed on how epic and awesome they thought it was.  So by the time I finally got a copy of it in my hands, I was sure I was the last person on Earth who had not read it yet.  And frankly, I was a little worried that it could not possibly live up to all the hype.<br /><br />On the off-chance that there are actually other people left who haven't read this, let me give you a quick breakdown on the story.  Pia's ex-boyfriend is blackmailing her.  He knows some of the secrets about her half-Wyr heritage and is holding that over her head to force her to steal from Dragos... a billionaire businessman and kick-butt dragon shifter.  Pia steals a small item and quickly goes on the run... knowing that Dragos will be quickly on her tail.  What she has no way of knowing, is how the sight of him will make her go liquid inside.<br /><br />Dragos is older than time, but has never felt about a woman the way he grows to feel for Pia.  When he finds her, his rage at her crimes virtually disappears and transforms into an attraction he can't deny.  In short order, he decides to make her his own.  But his enemies have other plans.  The Dark Fae king targets Dragos, and Pia gets wrapped up in it all.  The secrets she has worked to keep her whole life, are threatened; her identity is on the verge of exposure.  And while all this is happening, she and Dragos are being sucked deeper and deeper into a tangle of urges and emotions like none they've ever had.<br /><br />OK.  First let me say, that this book is really hot.  Great sex.  Yum.<br /><br />Next, I want to acknowledge that this was much more than a romance.  Harrison sets up a great world in this book. There are so many ways she can develop future stories with the groundwork she lays here, with the Elder Races.  (Though I have to acknowledge that I felt like a total idiot when, halfway through the book, I finally realized that members of the \\"Wyr\\" race were all shifters --or were-animals.)<br /><br />I really liked this book.  I think that if everyone hadn't told that I would LOVE it... I probably would have, well, loved it.  But expectations are a funny thing.  When you're waiting to be totally blown away, even great stories can be anticlimactic.  The bottom line is that I understand why there was so much hype.  It was sexy and smart with great characters and steamy sex.  And I'll be checking my mailbox daily, until [[ASIN:0425242668 Storm's Heart]]gets here. 4 1/2 stars.e groundwork she lays here, with the Elder Races.  (Though I have to acknowledge that I felt like a total idiot when, halfway through the book, I finally realized that members of the \\"Wyr\\" race were all shifters --or were-animals.)    I really liked this book.  I think that if everyone hadn't told that I would LOVE it... I probably would have, well, loved it.  But expectations are a funny thing.  When you're waiting to be totally blown away, even great stories can be anticlimactic.  The bottom line is that I understand why there was so much hype.  It was sexy and smart with great characters and steamy sex.  And I'll be checking my mailbox daily, until [[ASIN:0425242668 Storm's Heart]]gets here. 4 1/2 stars.
B004RDCI6A|4.0|Havok hadn't even registered a single strain of interest when I bought tickets to see Forbidden in concert. I just wanted to see a good friend and revisit our past forged in Thrash Metal. Fast forward to THE day in New Mexico, and a four-band ticket with no expectations except to see Forbidden and have a great time! Havok opened the show after setting up their own gear, and tore through a set that had me feeling like I was seeing Megadeth in '87 again!! From the first note, they played like their lives depended on this night...and because this show was so under-attended, I got right at the front, witnessing Pete, Dave, Jesse and Reece locking into a tight-knit groove song after song! David sounds like a rabid Mustaine and plays monster rhythm!  Comparisons don't do them justice, but suffice to say, they evoke the best of Megadeth, Testament (I even hear Defiance!), Slayer, Overkill, Pantera, Exodus, and Anthrax.  Jesse's finger-style/slap bass kills!  Reece's solos are tasteful and understated!  Pete was born with drum sticks in his hands, the guy is amazing!  That's the cool thing: they are really in their infancy as a thrash band, still searching for themselves, expanding, and hitting the mark more than they are missing it....I hear so many riffs that are reminiscent of the GREATS, but are somehow contorted into the emerging HAVOK identity!  The gang-vocals are a signature trait and work to awesome effect!  Lastly, the guys are down-to-earth: Pete and Jesse took pictures, the whole band signed my Havok t-shirt, hung out with all the fans and were flat-out cool and friendly. These guys are carrying the torch in a serious way, people. Can't wait to see you in Arizona the next time! Cheers!
B003YBUSMW|5.0|I am a 53 years old guy, it seems very old to be playing video games but let me tell you something. after the wheel was here, I spent 20 dollars on making a wood stand for it to drive more comfortably and got a used Forzamotorsport video game and let me tell you all this is more adictive than heroine, I just can't stop racing around Hockenheim, Atlanta, indy etc. there must be an AA for this game!!!!!
B004ULEEY8|2.0|For years, I've been craving the kind of ultra-epic alien invasion film that features a massive budget and awe-inspiring set-pieces.  When I was a kid and first caught a whiff of Independance Day, I figured that this type of film would come along eventually (and almost certainly be better), but now here we are in 2011 with Battle: Los Angeles.  After all the amazing trailers and TV spots to market the film, what Battle: Los Angeles really boils down to being is nothing more than a military propaganda piece instead of the massive alien invasion flick that it appears to be on the surface level.  I'm not saying that marines thrust into battle are nothing that shouldn't be cheered, I'm just saying that a majority of the film's characters and their dialogue make the film come off as being more of a recruitment video, just with aliens replacing communists/terrorists/what have you.  That being said, even without the propaganda aspect, the film itself is nothing really special.  Aaron Eckhart makes the best use he can with the cliche dialogue and characterization that's been handed to him, while the rest of the cast, which features Michelle Rodriguez, Ne-Yo, and True Blood's Jim Parrack as fellow soldiers, as well as Bridget Moynahan and Michael Pena in throwaway roles, doesn't really amount to much either.  The effects are okay, and the alien invaders are interestingly designed, even though we don't see nearly enough of them.  All in all, Battle: Los Angeles is far from being the epic alien invasion flick that we've been hoping for, but hey, at least it's better than Skyline.
0439023513|5.0|If you liked The Hunger Games and Catching Fire, this book may not be for you.<br /><br />This review will contain spoilers.<br /><br />Okay, let me back up. I loved Mockingjay. But I think I loved it for reasons that a lot of other people didn't like it. Namely that it broke conventions and moved out of the comfort zone that the previous two books sit nicely in. It's hard to call 'Children murdering each other in an arena for the enjoyment of the masses' a comfort zone. But considering how disturbing the premise of the story is, the writing style and content of the first two books were clearly written in a safe way that were meant to appeal more to younger teens. This is not to say I (being in my early 20's) did not enjoy the first two books, but while reading them I got the same feeling I get when watching an action movie with lots of killing but little blood. There was that loss of immersion because the content did not match up nicely with the mood. In a kids movie, for instance, if a child breaks their arm let's say, it isn't necessary to explain the wound in detail, because the focus of a kids movie is not going to be about the injury, but rather the consequences of the injury. In a book like The Hunger Games or Catching Fire, though, the injury or kill should be in your face, to provide that contrast between the self-absorbed Capitol citizens and the horrendous nature of the Hunger Games themselves. To me, when that level of detail is added, it really brings the seriousness of the book's reality to the forefront, and when the writing is reserved, so is my emotional connection to it.<br /><br />Mockingjay is very much a departure from the previous two books, and even though it has a couple of problems, they are forgivable to me because the rest of the book is so masterful. First off, Mockingjay is very dark, which is something I wanted from the first two books. It was hinted at, but the author never really brought me to those depths along with Katniss. Here though, there are points in which it is so dark I almost wished they'd give me a little light. And you really don't get any until the end. It could not have been as easy book to write, especially since it was so different from the previous two, and I imagine the author knew she was going to be alienating some fans of the first two, but I give her a lot of credit for that.<br /><br />Secondly, because of the way the second book ends and this one begins, the whole love triangle thing that I thought was so unnecessary really isn't an issue throughout most of this book. Those two aspects are the two main reasons that this book really worked for me. It was almost like the author took my two biggest complaints from the first two and did away with both of them, allowing this trilogy to become what I wanted it to be from the beginning. Because of this, though, I know that there were probably a lot of unhappy readers when this book was finished. I can't call anyone else wrong, really, or myself right. This is just what I took away from Mockingjay, and for me, it was pretty fantastic. I can easily see how other readers might have been left feeling like 'No seriously, where's the real third book?'<br /><br />Thirdly, the characterization in this book really stuck with me. Having seen a lot of movies and read a lot of books, you get to know cliches in stories pretty well. There are the general ones that everyone seems to know about, but over time you start to develop your own. There are broad cliches and ones suited to different genres and so on and so forth. But one of the other things that I loved about Mockingjay was that even though there were some overt cliches (and let's be honest, few things are original anymore and it is hard to avoid cliches), there were also some very surprising instances towards the end and I was pleasantly surprised by them. Most importantly, I have read quite a few reviews that talk about how Katniss never really came into her own. She never started to make decisions on her own. In The Hunger Games, as the books opens you are told she is essentially very emotionally damaged, by the physical absence of her father, and then the emotional absence of her mother. Katniss becomes the sole provider for the family. She is a very flawed person, and as the trilogy goes on, instead of overcoming obstacles, she seems, more often than not, to get run over by them. At the end of Mockingjay I began to hope (as did she) that she would just die, because she was so tortured and damaged that it would have been a relief to find a release from all the suffering. But there was nothing. However, although I agree that Katniss never became the consummate hero, I did think that there was a climax of sorts, with her internal struggle to assert control over her life. I am referring to the execution at the end. Katniss finally makes a decision on her own, knowing that the consequence will be death. She truly believes that her action will end her own life, and she does it anyways. I think the only problem with the scene is that her emotional feeling is not something that is explored by the author. Even though there is really only one reason why she does what she does, I felt that it could have been explored even a little bit. And even afterwards no one asks why she did it, as if they all know why. But if that's the case, then why didn't they do something about it? That's my only real gripe about the story.<br /><br />I have also heard a lot of complaints about the ending. How it was much too fast, and not enough time was given to explaining what became of all the characters. And especially that they were unhappy about the way in which Katniss and Peeta ended up together. But I have to say, the Katniss-Gale-Peeta triangle was annoying from the get for me. It was an unwelcome distraction at the end of book one and all throughout book two. I liked that things did not end happily-ever-after. And I know those who complain about the ending weren't necessarily looking for some fairy-tale ending, I guess for me, I just really connected with the idea that life can leave you damaged, and you just can't recover from some things. You just do you best to get on with your life the best you can. And in the case of Katniss and Peeta, it made sense to me that they would end up together. They both experienced horror in multiple forms, they were both left very broken, so to me it was logical that they would end up together. I liked that things were left a bit unresolved, like they have to deal with their past on a daily basis, but that regardless of it, they have made the best of their lives that they could. If they had made some progress at the end, it would really have felt unrealistic. I liked that they really only returned to \\"normal\\" from being completely ravaged, instead of turning into emotional stones and brushing everything off. Their lives had holes, their bodies were burnt and tortured, but they emerged from the other side and continued surviving.<br /><br />All in all, I would recommend reading the first two books just to get to this one. And nothing against the first two. They are both very good for what they are.er Games, as the books opens you are told she is essentially very emotionally damaged, by the physical absence of her father, and then the emotional absence of her mother. Katniss becomes the sole provider for the family. She is a very flawed person, and as the trilogy goes on, instead of overcoming obstacles, she seems, more often than not, to get run over by them. At the end of Mockingjay I began to hope (as did she) that she would just die, because she was so tortured and damaged that it would have been a relief to find a release from all the suffering. But there was nothing. However, although I agree that Katniss never became the consummate hero, I did think that there was a climax of sorts, with her internal struggle to assert control over her life. I am referring to the execution at the end. Katniss finally makes a decision on her own, knowing that the consequence will be death. She truly believes that her action will end her own life, and she does it anyways. I think the only problem with the scene is that her emotional feeling is not something that is explored by the author. Even though there is really only one reason why she does what she does, I felt that it could have been explored even a little bit. And even afterwards no one asks why she did it, as if they all know why. But if that's the case, then why didn't they do something about it? That's my only real gripe about the story.    I have also heard a lot of complaints about the ending. How it was much too fast, and not enough time was given to explaining what became of all the characters. And especially that they were unhappy about the way in which Katniss and Peeta ended up together. But I have to say, the Katniss-Gale-Peeta triangle was annoying from the get for me. It was an unwelcome distraction at the end of book one and all throughout book two. I liked that things did not end happily-ever-after. And I know those who complain about the ending weren't necessarily looking for some fairy-tale ending,I guess for me, I just really connected with the idea that life can leave you damaged, and you just can't recover from some things. You just do you best to get on with your life the best you can. And in the case of Katniss and Peeta, it made sense to me that they would end up together. They both experienced horror in multiple forms, they were both left very broken, so to me it was logical that they would end up together. I liked that things were left a bit unresolved, like they have to deal with their past on a daily basis, but that regardless of it, they have made the best of their lives that they could. If they had made some progress at the end, it would really have felt unrealistic. I liked that they really only returned to \\"normal\\" from being completely ravaged, instead of turning into emotional stones and brushing everything off. Their lives had holes, their bodies were burnt and tortured, but they emerged from the other side and continued surviving.    All in all, I would recommend reading the first two books just to get to this one. And nothing against the first two. They are both very good for what they are.
030746363X|5.0|I have been on the diet for 3 months and lost 20 lbs.  The book promises much more, but I still give it 5 stars.    It is very sustainable.  More than a diet plan, it is a different set of habits that I have mastered and are easy to stick to.  I'm still losing close to 1 lbs. per week.  I have also tried the supplements, but I didn't see any improvement so I will not get another batch.  Good luck.  It worked for me.  I hope it works for you.
B0058P7KUA|5.0|Really fun game. Somewhat short, but I,m used to console and pc games. This is great for a mobile experience. I hope they add on to this game with more levels and weapons, or sequel. I got this for free, but I would definitely pay for this. Wish all games had this quality and sense of humor.
B00008973A|5.0|Saw the original stage production in Melbourne, Australia as a young girl, and dancer, and it still makes me want to get up and dance again, though I'm a little past it now.  Well filmed and acted, and brilliant dancing and choreography.
B000000I0G|5.0|Last week I wrote a lengthy review for \\"Taurus II\\" and completely criticized every single aspect of it but now, a week later, I'm playing it again and for some unexplainable reason now I absolutely LOVE it.  How does that happen?  Obviously I didn't get it the first time around and I'm sorry about that.  I should have given it a few more chances to make sense.  Well I can *promise* you, I now love it to pieces.      I suppose I was originally confusing a lack of original ideas for 80's production values.  You see, a part of me just didn't want to accept the way Five Miles Out *sounds* even though I can think of about a thousand other 80's albums that sound significantly more dated and cheesier than this one.  I guess the one complaint that still holds true is that some of these ideas are a few minutes too long, but it's not enough to fault it.  No way.      Just for a few laughs, I'll leave my original review up so you can read it.  Here it is.    Sorry, but the 24-minute borefest that is called \\"Taurus II\\" just doesn't get the job done for me, and is without a shadow of  doubt, a major disappointment.  I'm shocked too- I was expecting an entertaining album, but I guess I now know what happens when you dig a little *too* far your favorite artists discography- you're bound to come across some lackluster albums from time to time.    However, there's an even bigger issue- Mike Oldfield seemed to lose his ability to write memorable instrumental passages.  The actual notes are extremely ordinary and generic, and this is completely unacceptable, especially when we recall that back in the 70's Oldfield was writing groundbreaking and adventurous music that took your mind to new worlds.      Tubular Bells through Platinum was a nearly flawless stretch of recordings.  What happened?  Why is every single note of \\"Taurus II\\" so unspectacular and contrived?  Many of the themes are overlong too, such as the Irish influences, and the part where the female singer takes over about 8minutes in.  These two portions of the suite are particularly boring.      The nursery rhyme around the 12-minute mark is a total disgrace, but I'll take it over the horribly generic Irish theme that unfortunately makes another return.  After that, the song just dissolves into pointless and barely audible noodling.  If not that, it tries to sound more important than it really is simply but repeating the same few notes over and over with no imagination or creativity making it, you know, *adventurous*.   The female chant at the end is more hopelessly pitiful generic songwriting.  I do take a slight interest in the guitar solo at the very end though.      I can only recommend Five Miles Out for those who absolutely strongly believe that Mike Oldfield can do no wrong.
B002AT4KA0|5.0|Not sure why 20 more words are required....  don't remember receiving an email for this at any point.  But I have it, it works and I love the movie.
B004G600A4|5.0|This is by far one of the best animated films I have seen in a long time, the story is very well written that keeps close to the theme of the old classic tale WHILST changing certain aspects of the story, which in my opinion was actually an improvement.<br /><br />Tangled gives you a lot of that old Disney's feeling, while bringing something new, it has beautiful music tracks and just like the old Disney classics, it has songs you could sing along too.<br /><br />Every character has their own unique personality that you will instantly love, be it Flynn with his hilarious flirtatious behaviour, Rapunzel's cute, caring & clumsiness personality, Pascal the chameleon's sweet yet tough attitude or Maximus; the horse who is completely fearless and has a serious vendetta against Flynn which is extremely entertaining.<br /><br />The voices were perfect, if someone asked me if I could change anyone's voice, who would it be... I just couldn't do it.<br /><br />Overall in my opinion this is a master piece, visually the film is stunning and you get a real connection with all the characters, it's just one big emotional roller-coaster. This film will definitely be enjoyed no matter who you are; child, teen, adult, male or female, if you haven't seen it yet, then I would recommend you do so.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|After reading many of the reviews on here I was a bit worried about buying this app but decided to go for it anyway. After the 74mb download(make sure you have enough memory) it installed without any problems and I must say it looks great on my EVO 4G, it looks just as good as when I first played it on a friend's iPad. Plants and zombies are very easy to see and there are no difficulties planting seeds. Also I was impressed by the loading speed, the app loaded in about 7 seconds, very smoothly. So far I have not had any problems with the lost save issue, everything is running and saving just the way I would expect. If you love this game and have an EVO 4G this game is a great buy. I am sure there are other phones that run it just as well or better, but I can only comment on the EVO.
B004DMIIOG|5.0|Wow... my mind has literally been blown away, something I haven't felt for a long time since first watching some of my now favourite Hayao Miyazaki's films such as Howl's Moving Castle, My Neighbour Totoro, Spirited Away & Laputa, Castle In The Sky + more.<br /><br />The storyline is fantastic and whilst based on technology that is superior to our own at the moment, it's actually something that could happen in the future if social networks keep growing and people give permission for them to access even more personal details, maybe not in the exact same way, however as we live in a totally internet/computer dependent society, the idea isn't as far-fetched as some may think.<br /><br />One thing that you will certainly love about this film is how much emotion it pumps through you; I was laughing, crying and biting my lips in suspense all the way through the film, not once did I feel that the film was dragging on, there was always something there to keep your attention towards the film right from the beginning to the very end.<br /><br />One thing I must point out is that the film is in BOTH English & Japanese audio for your own choosing, Amazon currently states it's Japanese audio only with English subtitles, so for those that are wary of buying this product because they struggle reading subtitles like I do, I can assure you that this is in English audio.<br /><br />If you loved The Girl Who Leapt Through Time which was also directed by Mamoru Hosoda, then just wait until you get your hands on this!
0345529057|5.0|books arrived all the way here (serbia) in a perfect condition in as short as three weeks. i'm very satisfied with the purchase, always wanted to have original edition in english. small enough to fit in a bag, big enough to look marvelous on the bookshelf :)
B000TLMWMY|5.0|My husband & I enjoy hearing Johnny Cash sing & the other classic country singers.  This DVD allowed listening to just the songs through it's menu so we skipped the dialogue.
0062502174|5.0|This was an amazing buy! I got an amazing hardcover book at an amazing price. The condition was exactly as stated, like new! I am very pleased with this purchase and look forward to making more in the future!
1614270775|4.0|If the book was entitled \\"The Picture of Dorietta Gray\\" it never would have become a classic.  The idea of a man's beauty when the book was written and even today is suspect.  There is something feminine about a beautiful person, pretty eyes, long eyelashes, a voluptuous mouth and smooth skin.  Masculine men are suppose to be rugged even if handsome, a jutting jaw, thin lips and leathery skin.  That Dorian was barely a man when his portrait is completed is important because when he wished for eternal youth, he refused to become a man and to be a pretty boy as he aged was itself, a decadent act.<br /><br />The book begins with lots of talk about Art and how Dorian Gray himself was a work of art who shouldn't bother with the hurley burley of real life.  His first corruption comes when he can't accept Sybil Vane is so in love him she loses her ability to inhabit the lives the Shakespearean woman she played so well.  But then the book become less about how Dorian fails to live up to the art of his life and more about his shadowy, decadent ways.<br /><br />Men and women fall in love with Dorian Gray.  After Ms. Vane, it appears that Dorian falls in love with no one but he lurks around the docks, bars and opium dens with other men.  What he actually does that is so disreputable is never clear and but for those of us living post Stonewall have a pretty good idea that it involved casual sex with men.<br /><br />The novel anticipates the celebrity that consumes us.  It also proudly promotes male beauty in a new way.  But after setting up a grand discussion about art and beauty, I think the book transforms into something more pedestrian, a creepy tale of horror where art and beauty are forgotten.
B003FHPVG8|5.0|This book was an excellant read and got to me very fast. Nicholas Sparks is an amazing author, I highly reccomend this book and his others.
B000FBFN1U|3.0|Like many other reviewers, I was sucked in by the first two books I read in rapid succession. Now, I'm halfway through the third and Martin has killed off my favorite characters! For dozens of chapters I followed Arya through the wastelands, her brother through the battles, and her mother from castle to castle, only to have the hatchet fall.  I feel Martin spent so much time developing these characters, and I spent so much time reading about them, that ending their lives now turns all our effort into a waste of time. Why should I continue reading about the villians when there will be no satisfaction? In our hearts, we all want good to triumph over evil. Martin here seems to have no vision and no guiding light. It leaves me wondering, what's the point of investing any more hours into this story.
B000059TFO|2.0|Mississippi Burning, 1988 film    This movie is based on a true event from 1964, the murder of three men who worked to register voters. Many say it is not historically accurate. But Hollywood produces drama and entertainment; if you want history read a book. The movie starts with burning fires, houses and trees. An automobile drives down the road at night. Other cars follow. A police car stops the first car. The people in the car are shot dead. Next we see two FBI agents driving to town to see the Sheriff about the missing persons. They stop at a restaurant to eat. [An integrated restaurant?] The questioning of an old woman tells about those times. A man is threatened if he talks. The dialogue between the two FBI men reflects opinions. A rock through a window sends a message. A call to Washington brings more agents. One agent visits a barber shop for news. License plates are checked to identify the car owners.    A car drops a body on Main Street; he talked to an FBI agent! A station wagon is pulled from a swamp. Ward orders more men to search the swamp. Fire bombs destroy homes and a church! \\"Whatever it takes\\" to do the job. Anderson questions the Deputy Sheriff's wife. There are more dramatic scenes. There is a march in the street for freedom. They watch as a man is released from jail, then abducted and beaten. \\"What's wrong with these people?\\" Deputy Sheriff Pell is questioned. Newspapermen are attacked on the street. Anderson has a plan to get the facts. Four men are tried for arson, the judge suspends the sentence. Later there is another arson and attempted murder. There is a meeting of segregationists. Their license plates are recorded by the FBI. Anderson questions Pell's wife, who is unhappy about the violence.    The FBI digs up the bodies of the missing men. Clinton Pell has a talk with his wife. Ward talks to her in the hospital. Now they plan to act. \\"Whatever it takes.\\" Can an illegal abduction and threats of maiming get a witness to talk? They need aFederal crime to prosecute the guilty. The FBI picks up one man to get him to talk. Anderson talks to Clinton Pell for some dramatic scenes. There is another dramatic scene and a car chase at night. Another staged incident to try to get a witness to talk. Then we see the arrests and convictions of the guilty for Civil Rights violations. [There were more struggles for voting rights over the next decade.]    You can find the real story in a good history book. The FBI did not use strong-arm tactics to get somebody to talk. $30,000 was a small fortune then, someone talked for the money. So why was this movie produced in 1988? To revise history for people who didn't know the facts? Note how this drama failed to mention Attorney-General Robert Francis Kennedy at all! Most people get their knowledge of history from Hollywood entertainment like this movie. Does it trivialize the actual events? While this crime was being investigated and publicized more important history was going on in South Vietnam. Silver coins were being removed from circulation in 1964, and later  in 1971 the dollar would no longer be linked to gold.
B004GUSG4M|2.0|I had high expectations for this book being a book of the month and such positive reviews. Yet, I was let down. The book is excessively reptitive, borderline predictable, and makes for an almost tiresome read. One will have no problem getting through the book quickly; however, it will leave you feeling cheated for the time you could have spent reading a book more worthwhile.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This was my first time purchasing an exercise DVD, and it has been great. I have since tried some others, but Jillian Michaels has been my favorite so far. The workout is an intensive 30 min workout. No resting, no breaks! It took some time for me to work up my fitness level to do the exercises without any break, but when you get the hang of it, its kinda fun. The exercises have whipped me into shape! I did not lose much weight though but I look slimmer and well toned.
B004SKLFJS|4.0|It's impossible to review this video without referencing the original production of 20 years ago. I have watched that video many times, and have seen it live three times (once with Flatley, twice without); needless to say, I'm a fan. There is no doubt that the audio and video on this disk are both spectacular. And Michael Flatley certainly still has \\"the chops\\" to pull off the dancing; in fact virtually the entire company is flawless. Then why only four stars?  The new production. There is soo much flash from the lighting effects, it's sometimes difficult to see the dancing.  The costumes are also a bit strange (especially for the men) and, as with the lighting, distract from the dancing.  Also, three scenes were cut from the main production (the two soprano solos and the \\"Siamsa\\" dance routine).  These ARE included in a \\"deleated scenes\\" section, but I don't know why they were cut in the first place.  Bottom line: I'm sure that I will watch this many times in the future - but if they ever release a remastered Blu-ray version of the original, it will be my hands-down favorite.
1466401885|1.0|You can read my detailed review of this huge pile of crap on Goodreads. If any book deserves a negative star it is this. At 1% in (This should have been my first red flag) and I quote, \\"Tonight we have a new challenger! Eastern's star varsity wrestler Marek Young\\". NEXT LINE \\"Cheering ensued, and the crowd parted like the Red Sea (I took it upon myself to capitalize Red Sea) when Merek entered the room\\". Really ONE line later and you forgot how to spell the name of your own character! My biggest problem is with Travis like another reviewer said girls are good enough to screw, but not on his bed. It's ok for him to call girls he uses every name in the book and treat women like posessions and crap yet he LOVES Abby so it's ok. I can't say enough horrible things about this book so I will let other readers do it for me!
B0032UYFA6|5.0|Bryan Cranston is terrific. Supported by an equally terrific cast. The evolution of his character is so revealing of the moral dilemas we sometimes have to make. I see him drawn between both worlds. He now has enough money BUT the temptations continue and will put him over the edge. He has become more and more \\"evil\\"  I really like Jessie who has matured to his place near the anti-hero. I think his moral development was surprising. He displays so much conscience and regret BUT he still is into vindictiveness. Horray cast. I love the character 0f Frank. Smarter than he should be. He is so close and still so far. I like Skyler too. I think she too operates with vindictiveness. I absolutely love the location Albuquerque New Mexico. Sometime we bump into local areas closed for shooting. Some have seen the cast hanging around too.
B004SGWYVA|4.0|HOTD is a great amazing anime! If you like zombie movies then you will like HOTD. Some people say there is to much fanservice, but I couldn't really care. I like boobs! It didn't take or add anything to the anime. If you can get the blu ray, it looks great. The only down side to this anime is its way to short and the price is kind of high.
0060936223|5.0|Anybody who writes a song with Springsteen, gets high o=praise from Joan Didion, and kudos from Johnny Depp has to have something worth saying.  I bought it and was enthralled.  Did any of us know who we were as teenagers?  Possibly Keith Richards.  His book is great too, more about the music.  Please, turn off your t.v.'s and read.
0061537969|1.0|in which the tattooed 15 year old seductress was identified as a student at Holy Names Academy.  By the time I got to the 'y' in Academy, the author's credibility had been crushed.  As the father of a 15 year old who attends Holy Names Academy, I must rise in defense of the Academy, and state that I know dozens of girls who attend HNA, none of whom could be even vaguely shoehorned into that description.  The HNA girls I know are intelligent, well-behaved, witty, and delightful company.    Holy Names Academy is an independent Catholic school for young women in grades 9-12.  It has a rigorous academic program as made evident by the institutions attended by its alumnae.  If I ever wake up in an emergency room and the first face I see is an HNA graduate, my optimism will improve immensely.    In the interest of intellectual honesty, I suggest that the author attend one of the frequent Open House events at Holy Names Academy.  (Find the calendar at [...].)  Visit the Art Walk in the spring, to see the amazing works of art and music produced and performed by the girls.  The author will come away with an better-informed opinion.
1400052181|5.0|This was a very interesting story about the woman behind the HeLa sells, and her families' journey to get the information they had been wanting for a long time. I loved reading about Henrietta's history and the difference in healthcare and research at that time compared to now.
B0058P7KUA|3.0|The game is fun, but far too short for such a large download.  26MB installed (to the SD card, thankfully), and finished in roughly 30 minutes, not including survival mode. Runs well on the Droid X.
B001FBIPF0|5.0|I purchased this CD for my daughter and it arrived in excellent condition in a timely manner. The CD was in excellent condition and my daughter was very pleased with the product.
B004SBQAN8|4.0|MY GRANDDAUGHTER AND I BOTH THOUGHT IT WAS AN EXCELLENT MOVIE, LOTS OF ACTION ETC.  WE WERE BOTH  HAPPY THAT IT DID NOT CONTAIN SEX/NUDE SCENES LIKE SO MANY MOVIES DO TODAY. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT. IF YOU LIKE ACTION MOVIES, THIS HAS PLENTY.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|The game is a little glitch at first, which probably has something to do with asking you to sign up for OpenFeint, but it's fine afterward. My biggest issue with this game is how small the maps are. There's no room for stealth or anything, which I didn't really expect, most/all of your movements are just running away backward in circles. I could do without all the dialog. I get that the protagonist is just a meathead but the on going one liners get annoying by the third level.  All and all, it's a good game that needs a few tweaks.
B000JFDBXO|1.0|I begin this review by proclaiming myself a fan, not of the X-men, but of good X-Men stories. So, I don't like nor care for most of the X-Men franchise. I think maybe I've wasted too much time trying to read something good from a team that Marvel knows is going to sell anyway, and most of the time they didn't even bother to give it good writers.   But, some times, occasionally, we find a great story within the pages of the X-Men comics. The characters and the background story allow for lots of possibilities should a bold writer decide to accept the task. The same can be said for the X-Men films. X-1 was a passable, if a little bizarre, opening movie. I didn't like it too much, though at least it didn't embarrass me (unlike Batman and Robin, for example, which was VERY embarrassing). X-Men 2 was, in my opinion, simply great. It had everything it needed to become the perfect superhero movie. Gosh, the opening sequence alone was full of awesomeness! (if such a word exists). The story had a few plot twists, very very well executed, and the characters were very well developed.   Then, for some unknown reason, Marvel decided to kill the franchise. What did they do? Behold! Spoilers follow: they turned everybody into a violent version of themselves. They forgot to build the movie around an interesting story. The only plot twists they could think of, were to kill as many important characters as possible. Heck, some friend of mine even shed a tear after X-Men 2 took its toll, and here nobody really cared who lived or who died. They completely forgot about characterization, and many mutants appearing and taking part in the final battle weren't even given names. I can imagine how the conversations about the script of this movie might have gone: what are we going to do now? We are already out of beer and we haven't come up with a single idea yet. Oh, wait, I know! Let's just kill a lot of characters, people are going to be freaked out! - And so we were.     Do not buy, rent orpirat this movie. They should pay you to watch it.
B004UA8D1O|1.0|This movie is terribly acted, scripted and surprisingly unceasingly boring. Not to mention horrible 3d (if only because the film is so dark you cannot make out what the hell is going on). After a while those of us watching unanimously agreed that another minute of this garbage would be a minute of our lives we would regret never getting back. My advise is to stay FAR away from this 3d blu ray.
B0029QRA1U|4.0|I purchased this item for 2 reasons, 1st because of the USB direct connection, 2nd Price.  I use a Mac and it was simple to setup and use. This was a first time purchase from Amazon for me. Everything worked perfectly even though I had not done every step perfectly - Customer service helped me and it all worked just as they said.  I'm happy.
B003VANOFY|5.0|A few weeks into owning this set, I can report the sound quality is superb. The set is comfortable to wear, and the battery life is quite good.     I have no complaints and for the calibre of the product, I think the value is superb.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|This game was fun for a few months and then still fun once in a while if you get variety.  Great game, lots of fast paced action and cool weapons but if you play too long then your nerves can get frazzled and you can be cranky . Both girls and guys like this game.  Runs well on my HTC Thunderbolt! Nice cheap price.
1439153663|5.0|If you enjoyed The Help or Saving Cee Cee Honeycutt (and I recommend both) - or if you enjoy books about the antebellum South in general - I highly recommend this book.  The gripping plot kept me reading until 4am on several nights - excellent book.
B002ZG997M|2.0|The two stars are strictly for the good production and acting in the film.  The lack of three others stars is to signify how much I dislike the plot and its execution.     First, I should say that the movie seems to lend itself to a variety of interpretations, much like the Bible itself.  I don't know if this is intentional, but it's an odd feeling to watch a movie where the central idea seems to morph back and forth as the movie progresses.  I suppose it could be a mark of the writer's brilliance to juggle contradictory ideas so well, but personally I found it distracting and unpleasant. There were several ideas at play, and here are the ones most obvious:    - The United States was devestated by a religion-fueld catastrophe of some sort; therefore, religion is dangerous.     - Now that religious books are almost nonexistent, along with their attendant moralities, the United States is lawless and ammoral. There is no source of morality outside of these books.    - Religious books are only dangerous in the wrong hands; otherwise, they are filled with the spiritual necessities of healthy societies.     - People who would pervert the power of religious books are blind to the truths inside of them.     - Only men of strong faith are able to rise above their baser desires, possess true courage, and have a deeper meaning to their life beyond mere existence.     - Men of strong faith who listen to their voices are beyond reproach; they have no burden of evidence and their path is true for them because it reflects their inner guidance.     - The defense of religion can sometimes supercede its perceived tenants of love and compassion.     - The rebuilding of a civilized society can only begin with the widespread availability of the Bible.       I could probably think of a few other themes, but while watching The Book of Eli I had a hard time figuring out the main theme, but by the end of the movie, it seems clear to me that the movie was primarily promoting The Bible as thelone source of morality in the world, and that strong faith is necessary to sustain a person's happiness, virtue, and purpose.  Gardy Oldman's character, the one who sought to use the Bible as a weapon and a controller over the masses, is portrayed as completely villainous and obsessive.  It seems to indicate that people like him are not pruduced by some of the Bible's more unsavory messages (slavery is permissable, women are to be subservient to men, etc.), but arise indpendently and in spite of the Bible's preferred messages, such as the Hollywood-friendly variety that deal with love and peace.     The most troublesome aspect of the movie is that it idicates that the Bible's real meaning has nothing to do with all the wars and terrors that it has seemingly inspired in so many individuals and groups. It pretends that the Bible is a tome of love and peace, yet it ignores-- once again-- its condonement of slavery, its inferior treatment of women, its suggestions of severe child punishment, its Old Testament genocides commanded by God himself, its vacuous collection of commandments (not just the main ten) that mostly have nothing to do with real morality, and so on.      I could continue to ramble on for some length, but I will just summarize briefly my sentiments about the movie.   It is basically a boring, well-produced movie with brief spurts of bloody violence, whose message would most appeal to fundamentalist Christians who fancy their own R-rated Tim LeHaye-type story to prove to secular friends that they're not entirely \\"uncool\\", and that a Biblical world view is regaining significance even in the largely secular and liberal atmosphere of Hollywood.     And to top it off, after all this pandering to the fundamentalist, at the end of the movie there is a shot of The Bible being set right beside the Quran on a book shelf.  I wonder how many Christians who tote this movie as their new cinematic honor badge have noticed that neat little extreme liberal stroke right at the end.     p.s. since multiple interpretations of this movie are inevitable, I understand that some may not agree with my view of the movie's meaning.  But, as I said, I personally sensed most strongly the message dealt with above.
0307716511|4.0|This I found to be very well done for a new author.  Is this a new way of writing a story via a diary, or a letter in this case?   We seem to see several coming out in this manner.  Once used to the presentation, I found it quite interesting where the story took me all the way through.  And Never did I suspect the culprit.  At the end your imagination is left to create the \\"Sister's\\" future.  Being very into Psychology, I did find this a really great read.  It can confuse for a moment as scenes switch from one time to another, but it's nothing to be concerned about.  One quickly picks up where we've been led.
B0050LJIRK|1.0|So its 2011 and the mighty Limp Bizkit has mastered the art of Heavy metal music.  These geniuses have not only survived Grunge, but also Nu Metal, Alternative, Post Grunge, Hardcore/Metalcore, Screamo, and of course Disco.  Fred Durst exploded into the world of heavy metal back in the 90s and has been on fire since. I still remember the first time I heard the HEAVY-ness of \\"Faith\\" I knew Limp Bizkit wasn't messing around.  At a time when crappy death metal was rising up, Fred Durst crushed crappy bands like Morbid Angel, Death, Suffocation, Obituary, and Hypocrisy with his brutal death metal vocals and deadly guitar riffs.      ON to the album, what more can i say? Just look at the album cover and you know this will be a timeless classic.  And to all you posers out there, keep listening to your garbage from the 40s and 50s like Rolling Stones , AC/DC, Aerosmith, and The Eagles. LIMP BIZKIT FOREVER!!!!!
0783233477|1.0|Sappy, Disney-esque, unrealistic...the beat goes on. I caught no human interest in this flick, even though with all the strings cuing me to tear up, I sure as hell felt there should have been. This film comprises a series of vignettes built to tug on your heartstrings the way the Babysitters Club tugs on Brenda the Brace-Face from homeroom. This is a Disney movie. I have a feeling that the grade schoolers who could sit through it without defecating themselves would love it.     But for us adults, we don't get to know the characters enough to actually care for them - they're blank, hobbyless, faultless creatures used as pawns for the kitschy-saccharine climaxes. If you skip through the movie, you'll notice that half of the shots will have two actors trying to look at each other meaningfully (bonus points if they're teared up), the other half sporting someone looking down, bored. This, to me, is a perfect sum up.    Not to mention, the plot doesn't make any sense. We never get a feel for what the hell impressed Death so much about Bill's speech about love, after thousands of years of listening to humans, or exactly why he's developing a human side now, rather than in the thousands of other opportunities he's must have had over the course of human history to witness some even sugarier emotional crap (although if you accept the fact that this script was written in a high school drama class as an explanation, it starts to make more sense).    I just had an epiphany: this movie would have been great if they had just layered on more slapstick, switching to a sole reliance on the \\"guy from outside of civilization really !@#$ing loves peanut butter\\" shtick. A fish-out-of-water comedy. \\"Death,\\" they could have called it. I can see a suited Brad Pitt photoshopped into an \\"Elf\\" poster right now. But taking into account their lack of boldness, I have to give this thing an F.
6304711905|5.0|This a movie that never gets old.  I can watch it over and over again.  Val Kilmer as Doc is perfect.  Powers Boothe is great as Curly Bill. The movie is a classic and has so many great one liners. It is a must watch.
158270208X|5.0|I have Thousands of completed journals.Every size/shape/color..This one is very special to me because it takes the \\"what do i write today Guesswork OUT!\\" some-days you feel compelled to write..but can't think??This \\"the secret journal\\" is beautiful..and after I close the book I feel satisfied.Anyone out there who needs a little direction..couldn't we all?? buy this!,you 'OWE 'it to yourself, you're worth it..Can't beat the price and \\"Quality\\"  Well-done!! 'Love' the DVD & audio as well!!!
B002TZS5GU|2.0|It's hard to have sympathy for characters when you actually want them to die. And that's how I felt about the Green brothers Danny (Lou Taylor Pucci) and Brian (Chris Pine), especially Brian. When you're one of the few people left alive after a major plague then driving stupidly all over the road is not what I'd do for fun. Nor stopping off at a golf resort to hit a few rounds.    Along with the Greens are their girlfriends Bobby (Piper Perabo) and Kate (Emily VanCamp)    Some reviewers have talked of the 'rules' the Green brothers come up with. They're great rules, however they're undermined by the fact that they don't follow them. They pick up Frank Holloway (Christopher Meloni) and his very sick daughter Jodie (Kiernan Shipka). Rule #1 broken. Sure they seal off with plastic the back of their car, but later when Jodie starts a coughing fit Bobby, instead of going around to the back of the car to give the girl oxygen lunges through the plastic knocking off her face mask so that the little girl coughs blood straight into her mouth. Rules #2-#5 broken there - and a glimpse of the problem with the film. All the 'drama' is caused by forcing situations to arise.     All of the drama is similarly convoluted.
0679805273|5.0|This is a wonderful book to give for many occasions - graduation, moving away, etc. Even read it to your children and grandchildren! Fun and thought provoking!
0671449028|5.0|Sometimes we're running a little behind schedule at bedtime, and/or our two year-old is just a little more tired than normal, and a quick bedtime story is just what we need.<br /><br />This book is just that quickie. It's been in our rotation for about 18 months. A little longer and a touch more substantial than [[ASIN:0545128234 Bedtime Kiss For Little Fish]] (another short favorite of ours), but provides that needed transition to bedtime.<br /><br />The artwork is simple, clean and fun, the rhyme is simple and the flow is smooth. It's a \\"card book\\" with heavy pages and strong binding, so can withstand mishandling by little hands.
B000AAP7FI|5.0|Very good compilation on the boogie woogie fad in the forties. It includes the principal numbers of  most of the great boogie woogie pianists such as Albert Ammons, Meade Lux Lewis and Pete Johnson plus big-band favorites such as Freddie Slack and Bob Zurke. Very good doctor-up job to eliminate surface noise of original recordings without sacrificing vital frequency range. I enjoyed every minute of this 10-CD presentation. Delivery was fast as usual and product was exactly as ordered.
0345529057|5.0|This four-book set is well worth the $20 I paid. At the urging of several friends who are fans of the series, I ordered this set. The story (many threads with a large number of characters) is deep and engrossing, complex almost to the point of frustration. I found it a bit difficult when I started the first book to get a sense of who is who, as each chapter is named for the character whose point of view is narrated. But after the first few chapters I was able to settle into the vernacular and see the benefit in this style of writing. The chapters move you from character to character throughout the two continents in the story, but also advance the plot and show you that the right and wrong of each faction is often determined by the narrator. Details and motivations are revealed that show each side to have legitimate reasons (again, from their point of view).    A Song of Ice and Fire is a fantastic series, reading more like historical inspired fiction rather than fantasy. The environment realistic, where the living is harsh, dark and difficult. The supernatural elements are at the fringes of the world, receded from living memory. Slowly the author brings these elements into play within the story.    I will definitely be purchasing the fifth book once I finish this set (it is monstrously long) and hoping for the sixth and seventh volumes to be written quickly.
B005529BDK|4.0|Although I don't believe it's &quot;all that&quot; as some of the reviews here have raved, it is a decent app and will keep you busy during those &quot;special&quot; moments that one has periodically throughout the days.  Kept me busy for 5 minutes...
B0041KKYBA|4.0|Inside job is a testament to our current economic and political corruption. If you download film festival tv app from apple store, and watch hundreds of such documentaries, you will realize that the world is changing and we in america are so shielded and protected, we need to wake up and do our part in making difference to humanity.
B005529BDK|5.0|Kinda like bejeweled but with a twist because you have to shoot the coins and you can flip them. I like it , worth getting
B00000F6LQ|4.0|As another reviewer wrote, it is a little difficult to remove the disc from the package.  Do you really NEED the script?  Probably not, but it's cool to have!
B002ZG976U|5.0|got it quickly in excellent condition.  I have to say, I bought this one because Cher was in it and I love her. But the movie was fabulous, the whole cast and music great.
B001CDZZI6|1.0|Purchase Kindle version and got access code via email to take assessment and website.  However the code was invalid and for version 1.0.  Amazon credited my account and asked for me to try again - second time the new code was invalid and for version 1.0.  Both times the email from Amazon/Publisher confirmed it was for 2.0 but the code was invalid.  As usual Amazon was great in crediting my account.  So please be forewarned that Kindle version does not give you the access code and renders the book unusable if you wish to know your strenghts.
B001GCUNWQ|5.0|I bought this for my grandkids, 2 & 3. they love it, and so do I. rcvd good condition, quickly
B002G1YPH0|3.0|Overall, this is a great product but I'm giving only 3 stars because of the poor quality stock fan that it comes with.    Issues that I have experienced:  Installation - I understood the whole push pull concept and as I was studying the instructions, even after pulling out my magnifying glass, I saw that the picture showed the second fan being installed with the back of the fan against the heat sink, which would cause a pull pull effect which was against my theory of the way it should be installed, but I did it anyway.  Of course I started getting cpu fan buzz warnings right away because of the pull pull slowing down the cpu fan.  This stopped once I turned the second fan around.    Post Installation - About 3 weeks after installation and I am starting to hear buzz warnings on boot again, not consistently but once every 5 or so boots.  So I pulled off my side panel to study the cpu and this is what I observed.  I rebooted my machine about 10 or twelve times to observe the cpu fan and it is in fact not starting right away when ever I get the cpu fan warning from my motherboard.  Most of the time when I reboot my computer, the second fan and the cpu fan will start up strong but the cpu fan stops for a couple seconds until I hear the classic single beep and then the cpu fan starts spinning again and there are no issues.  Well, two times out of 10 or 12 boots, it didn't start again after the beep and actually waited until the cpu buzzing alarm went off for about 2 seconds and then started spinning after the buzzing alarm stopped.  Even when this happened, it had no effect on my cpu temps since they were in the low 40s C so it's not that big of an issue but it is very annoying and it does have me worried.  From what I observed, the fan has points, or notches if you will, at which it rests.  If you spin the fan with your finger you will see that once the fan stops moving forward it will actually bounce back, or forward, into one of these notches and rest there until it starts spinning again, which look to be about just over a centimeter apart.  The two times that I got the alarm while observing, I noticed that the fan actually didn't bounce back into one of these notches and it actually rested right where it stopped.  Maybe this had something to do with it, I don't know, I'm no expert but I do know that this cpu cooler needs to come with a better quality fan and if you are going to buy this cooler I suggest that you upgrade the stock 4 pin cpu fan that comes with it.
0525422943|5.0|Where She Went by Gayle Forman is a must read follow up to If I Stay, this time from a separate side of the story it offers many answers and a deep plot. The latter chapters of the book seem rushed however and in the end it seems like a solid ending but too soon. If you didn't like the style of the first book you also wont like this one, it's the same layout and design but from a different characters eyes. Regardless of the seemingly rushed end this book is an amazing, must have read for anybody who has read If I Stay and any young reader. If I Stay MUST be read first in order to understand this book.
B004WPYNY8|4.0|THE BAND: Russell Allen (vocals), Michael Romeo (guitars), Michael Lepond (bass), Michael Pinnella (keyboards), Jason Rullo (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (2011) 9 tracks clocking in at approximately 63 minutes. There is a 2-cd deluxe tri-fold special edition (digipak) version containing 3 bonus tracks (20 extra minutes) and different album artwork. Included with the disc is a 12-page foldout containing song titles/credits, thank you's, one band photo and conceptual album artwork. This is the band's 8th studio album. \\"Iconoclast\\" reached #76 on the Billboard 200 album charts upon its release. All music written by Romeo, all lyrics by Romeo and Allen. Recorded at Romeo's home studio, The Dungeon. Label - Nuclear Blast.<br /><br />COMMENTS: I was not familiar with the term \\"Iconoclast\\", so now I know it's definition - `A breaker or destroyer of cherished beliefs and/or images'. Then I read an interview with Allen and he was telling of the \\"machines taking over, and technology being man's demise\\" theme. After seeing the album artwork, images of Terminator and Matrix movies come quickly to mind. The music and production are standard fare for Symphony X (excellent). The lyrics though, on some songs, are simply lacking - \\"Bastards Of The Machine\\" and \\"When All Is Lost\\" come to mind... somewhat cheesy. Russell Allen's gruff and growling vocals are back from \\"Paradise Lost\\". Part of me likes this, but part of me knows that Allen is a top notch progressive/metal vocalist who can really sing (see \\"When All Is Lost\\"). I find myself missing some of those beautiful chords he can hit. I don't think there is a weak track on the disc(s). With that being said, no one song blew me away either. There's no \\"Sea Of Lies\\", \\"The Edge Of Forever\\", \\"The Divine Wings Of Tragedy\\", \\"Communion & The Oracle\\", \\"The Accolade\\", \\"Pharoah\\" or \\"Smoke & Mirrors\\". Absent are the Latin preludes or segues that so famously connect the storied songs. I went so far as to go back and listen to most of the band's discs before writing here... and while I love this \\"Iconoclast\\", it probably ranks in the middle of their catalog. \\"V: The New Mythology Suite\\" and \\"The Divine Wings Of Tragedy\\" are classics - and the band may never reach these dizzying heights again. \\"Twilight In Olympus\\" and \\"The Odyssey\\" are great discs, as is \\"Paradise Lost\\". So \\"Iconoclast\\" will fit nicely between one of the latter albums mentioned here.<br /><br />As for the songs - the highlights include the near 11 minute epic opener (the title track); the storied \\"Prometheus (I Am Alive)\\", \\"When All Is Lost\\" (despite the lyrics) - the music is reminiscent of \\"V\\"; the dueling guitars and keyboards in \\"The End Of Innocence\\" (the first single to be released), and my early favorite \\"Dehumanized\\" with its great chorus, crunchy rhythm guitars and ripping Romeo solo. My least favorite track is probably \\"Bastards Of The Machine\\" - with its cheesy lyrics and borrowed melody from Iron Maiden's \\"Aces High\\" and \\"Back In The Village\\" (not entirely a bad thing). The album as a whole is not as progressive as I hoped, and it lacks the punch that would make it a masterpiece. \\"Iconoclast\\" has been classified by many here as \\"Paradise Lost - Part II\\" and I kind of agree. The real questions are now - how long will Allen try to sing like he's a bad ass, and will the band's next album be \\"Part III\\" or will they take a different direction however slight it might be?<br /><br />Question - if this is a concept disc... isn't track order and flow of the album important? The single disc has a different song order than the 2-cd package. I don't understand this at all.<br /><br />Overall, fans of the band and genre need this album. Russell Allen is a great singer and Michael Romeo continues his God-like assault on the guitar. If you're wondering if you should spring for the 2-cd package... no brainer - DO IT. All 3 bonus tracks are very good with my favorite being \\"The Lords Of Chaos\\" with its James Hetfield-esque intro.\\"Iconoclast\\" is a solid album from an incredible band. (4+ stars).an incredible band. (4+ stars).
B0000931LJ|4.0|This is one of T Rex's greatest albums, obviously, for a great price, fast shipping, etc... the only thing you should be aware of is that there is another release of Electric Warrior that has bonus live tracks, and this is not that release. It was my mistake though, I didn't read the info carefully enough.    Happy listening!
B004LWZW4C|4.0|A truly inspired vision for a franchise that was sorely in need of some fresh air, \\"First Class\\" does so much so well that it can be easy to overlook its shortcomings until it's too late. As an added dimension to the relationship between Xavier and Magnus, it's brilliant - multi-layered and revealing. Nearly every word shared by the two in this picture works to enhance their antagonistic rapport in the Stewart-McKellen films, improving upon an already-solid backbone. This chapter is also surprisingly even-handed and honest, presenting a scenario where neither man is truly in the right nor the wrong. It's that tantalizing balance that's the key to the characters' relationship in the comics, and it's never been presented more efficiently. The Cold War motif that surrounds the two serves initially as an ideal backdrop to their budding kinship, but eventually proves too ambitious for its own good. By the time the big climax rolls around, the story has basically painted itself into a corner and the conclusion, as a result, feels hurried and insubstantial. Forgiving the sub-par finale, it's a nice return to form for the franchise that only occasionally gets caught up in winks and nods at the audience.
B0000075WM|5.0|This sophmore album was, by far, the best.  It's too bad that internal squabbles tore the band apart.  This album showcased the greatness that Vixen could have achieved.
B004DTLK8A|5.0|This is a very good album considering that Timo Tolkki was the main songwriter for a longtime! (And if you happen to be like I was before; when I didn't know anything about their old works, then it's a great album anyway!)<br /><br />I must say that I got this album 1st. I had not had any previous experience listening to the Tolkki era of the band or any of the previous albums and I say this gets an A+ for being a great album.<br /><br />Kotipelto's voice is now one of my favorite voices in any genre...sure his accent makes him sound different but I will say that despite that, I love his voice MORE THAN all other singers I've heard except the mighty Steve Perry formerly of Journey and Russell Allen of Symphony X.<br /><br />Onto the Music:<br /><br />1. \\"Darkest Hours\\"- A great opener and the single of the album. Very catchy. This should please fans of the old era...if not then tough luck...it's a great song!<br /><br />2. \\"Under Flaming Skies\\"- Another good song. I like the frantic sound of it. Kotipelto and Kupiainen are a great song-writing team!<br /><br />3. \\"Infernal Maze\\"- It's a good song, I just like most of the others better. It's one of the faster neo-classical songs on the album<br /><br />4. \\"Fairness Justified\\"- It's a slower song (not a ballad by any means) but it rocks! A+ for having a hypnotizing song!<br /><br />5. \\"The Game Never Ends\\"- First song on the album not written by Kotipelto and Kupiainan; Written by Jens Johansson and It's one of my favorite songs on the whole album; tied as second best song with \\"Darkest Hours\\"...But Absolute best goes to \\"Elysium\\".<br /><br />6. \\"Lifetime in a Moment\\"- A slower song (It's another hypnotizing slow rocker like \\"Fairness Justified\\")...This one is written by bassist Lauri Porra...It's an interesting song, but It's not as strong as \\"Fairness Justified\\"...Still good but not as good as the previous songs...<br /><br />7. \\"Move the Mountain\\"- A slow song...This one is actually a ballad...written by Jens Johansson...and a very great ballad...It's a positive song<br /><br />8. \\"Event Horizon\\"- The fastest song on the album; It is a great rocker! it's my 4th fave...I like the beat and the chorus...this song and the next song are both Kotipelto and Kupiainen compositions...<br /><br />9. \\"Elysium\\"- BEST SONG ON THE ALBUM!!!! There is only 1 word that can describe this song: beautiful...It sounds just like the definition...Elysium is where the dead heroes went back in Greek and Roman Mythology...It is beautiful and the main guitar melody that is at the beginning and throughout the song is just awesome...It is just a few notes but it is definitely one of their best riffs...(yes better than the Tolkki era riffs)<br /><br />10 (Japan Bonus Track) \\"Castaway\\"- Another faster song like \\"Event Horizon\\". I really like this song. It has a nice driving beat and just like any other Stratovarius song, it features a nice melodic chorus with a memorable melody! Great song!<br /><br />Verdict: weather you are a fan of this great band or not, BUY THIS ALBUM! YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY! I became a fan of them from this album, not any of their early albums...so you will be satisfied...Fans of Kamelot, Dream Theater, Symphony X, and symphonic metal, Progressive metal, and neo-classical metal will at least find one thing to like about this album<br /><br />Now if you are a fan of the Tolkki era, then GIVE IT A CHANCE!!! Sure there's no Tolkki, but you might find it a great album! But if you shun it, you'll never know what you're missing! I promise you that it's a very strong and overall great listen<br /><br />Also another plus about this album: if you think that Jrg Michael's drumming is too repetitive, then this album also has a lot of variety from the drums too...trust me, I play drums...I wouldn't say it's more varied than Tuomo Lassila's drumming (Original drummer for this band) but it's a lot more varied than anything that he has done with the band in the Tolkki era...Now stop reading this and just click the \\"buy\\" button!
0743566572|4.0|The person you see is about to get killed in a club and you is the only one can see this. How spooky is that? Well this happen to Clary and she is freaked out. Clary does not know what's really just happen but she does know that what she seen is real.<br /><br />Clary finds herself pulled in this world that her mother never told her about that will change her life. For a very long and seemingly endless time Clary fights the other world to live to see the story unfold with a mixture of truths and untruths. The falsehood her mother told her places her in danger with a memory that was taken away from her by this warlock that she has to track down. Clary is a very bright and strong character that you will love to enjoy.<br /><br />Her first encounter with Jace was the most unusual, just as she got a phone call from her mother, she was kidnapped. She runs back to her house to help her mother, but a little late with a surprise of death that Clary and Jace has to fight off. The only place Clary is safe is with Jace in the other world. If she wants to every see her mother again she would do as Jace and the others told her. Who can she trust or put confidence in while her mother life and hers is on the line?
B0042KZJ46|4.0|First of all; another critic said this sounds uninspired and just like the studio versions. He cannot be more wrong. Bob is at his best right here! His LIVE groove makes every tune come, well, alive. VERY inspired, his vocals are at their best. Can't believe he collapsed before this concert and died only a short time later. Best version of \\"No Woman No Cry\\" you will find on any recording, \\"Redemption Song\\" is just beautiful, baby. I don't know what studio versions the other critic was listening to, but his live stuff is always a notch better, and that's what you get here. As for the last 2 songs; the quality does drop off on them, which is a shame since these are two of my personal favorites and Bob really punches them out here. So much so, that I didn't care that the sound was less rich. And that is what the vast majority of this sounds like, full, rich, inspired, expressive, masterfully done. If there had not been such a high-quality recording done in the first place, I doubt anyone would have much to say about the last two songs. By comparison, they sound much worse than what is one of the best live recordings ever, but they are far, far from being \\"unlistenable\\".
B00005N6KG|4.0|I've been using this headphone for many years, and I love it. After many years of usage, my old one broke down (the left side died), so I got another one. I don't like ear buds because they hurt my ear after prolonged usage. I also don't like normal headphones as it feels stuffy, so this is the perfect headphone for people like me.<br /><br />My only gripe is that it doesn't have gold contacts, so it gets grey after a while (few years of use). It also doesn't make as good a contact as gold.
B005529BDK|2.0|It's boring, leaves 1.17mb after moving to sd, uses feint and loads slow. Keep watching the free apps and a better game will come along.
B0055FR5PS|1.0|About the stupidest movie I have ever seen. Filled with cliques, plot makes no sense, there were only a couple of good actors but only two. I don't know how many times they said, \\"staff sergeant\\" or \\"I'm not leaving you behind\\". I think it would be a determinable mind set for a twelve year old. Actually I can't figure out why aliens would invade LA in the first place.
0446614459|2.0|Baldacci's writing style is engaging, so his books are fun to read, BUT the plot on this one is totally unbelievable. Call for the coincidence police! Just your typical insane genius revenge plot. (I don't think I just gave away the plot)...
B000244FDW|5.0|Published in 1813, Jane Austen's PRIDE AND PREJUDICE received good reviews, proved popular with readers, and both author and novel have grown in stature with each passing year.  In the modern world, that stature has translated into performance adaptations, and there have been at least four stage versions and at least ten screen versions.  Interestingly, each version seems to have been extremely popular in its own day.  The Greer Garson version, for example, was widely admired in 1940; today, however, it is regarded as unduly glossy and distinctly miscast.  Most recently, the Keira Knightley version was liked in 2005; today it is considered secondary to other versions.  The major problem in adapting PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, it would seem, is the sheer complexity of the story, which does not fit well within a two-hour run time, and in consequence there have been two mini-series, the Elizabeth Garvey version of 1980 and the Jennifer Ehle version of 1995. Produced by BBC, the Garvey version contained five episodes; produced by BBC and A&E, the Ehle version contained six episodes.<br /><br />Like all Jane Austen works, PRIDE AND PREJUDICE is essentially a comedy of manners, a satrical and ironic look at the way people must negotiate a complex set of courtesies and social restrictions to reach an ultimate goal.  The general story is very well known.  Mr. and Mrs. Bennet are country gentry with five daughters.  Since the estate is entailed, it is important that the daughters marry--and marry as well as possible.  When wealthy Mr. Bingley takes a nearby estate, he brings with him the proud Mr. Darcy.  Mr. Bingley is much admired by all and oldest daughter Jane falls in love with him.  Mr. Darcy, however, is widely disliked; he wounds second-oldest daughter Elizabeth's feelings, and she is further prejudiced against him when the newly-arrived Mr. Wickham tells several unsavory stories of Mr. Darcy.  But while Darcy interrupts Mr. Bingley's romance with Jane, it soon transpires that Wickham is a rake, and he elopes with Lydia, the youngest Bennett daughter.  This precipitates a social scandal that only Mr. Darcy can resolve, which he does in a manner most satisfying to all concerned.<br /><br />The 1980 mini-series is very much of the BBC of its era, which is to say that it is clearly done with an eye to economy.  Outside shots are few; interiors are clearly sets; costumes are correct for period but clearly pulled from pre-existing stock.  And indeed, the overall effect is that of a stage play with wordy dialogue.  But it also happens that the mini-series is extraordinarily, perhaps even flawlessly cast.  Elizabeth Garvey is the perfect Elizabeth Bennett, smart, sharp, and direct; David Rintoul equals her as the proud Mr. Darcy, and indeed every single supporting player is equally fine.  The dialogue is extracted from the novel without a great deal of fiddling, and screenwriter Fay Weldon does not make the mistake of \\"adjusting\\" Austen's words: this is indeed how the novel sounds when read, and while the lines are often complex, the actors render them meticulously.  Director Cyril Coke, also known for such BBC series as UPSTAIRS, DOWNSTAIRS; THE ONEDEN LINE; and THE DUCHESS OF DUKE STREET, sets the tempo and moves the actors with tremendous flair, grace, and charm.<br /><br />The 1995 Jennifer Ehle version has many fans, but I have always found it wildly miscast; neither Ehle nor Colin Firth seem of the period (indeed Firth seems more of a bootblack than a great gentleman), and Julia Sawalha's Lydia is nothing short of disastrous.  Yes, it is stagey, there is no denying that, but for me the 1980 mini-series is a truly fine adaptation, and when I return to the novel it is Elizabeth Garvey as Elizabeth Bennett I see before me.  Strongly, strongly recommended.<br /><br />GFT, Amazon Reviewer<br />In Memory of Webster Armstrongham is a rake, and he elopes with Lydia, the youngest Bennett daughter.  This precipitates a social scandal that only Mr. Darcy can resolve, which he does in a manner most satisfying to all concerned.    The 1980 mini-series is very much of the BBC of its era, which is to say that it is clearly done with an eye to economy.  Outside shots are few; interiors are clearly sets; costumes are correct for period but clearly pulled from pre-existing stock.  And indeed, the overall effect is that of a stage play with wordy dialogue.  But it also happens that the mini-series is extraordinarily, perhaps even flawlessly cast.  Elizabeth Garvey is the perfect Elizabeth Bennett, smart, sharp, and direct; David Rintoul equals her as the proud Mr. Darcy, and indeed every single supporting player is equally fine.  The dialogue is extracted from the novel without a great deal of fiddling, and screenwriter Fay Weldon does not make the mistake of \\"adjusting\\" Austen's words: this is indeed how the novel sounds when read, and while the lines are often complex, the actors render them meticulously.  Director Cyril Coke, also known for such BBC series as UPSTAIRS, DOWNSTAIRS; THE ONEDEN LINE; and THE DUCHESS OF DUKE STREET, sets the tempo and moves the actors with tremendous flair, grace, and charm.    The 1995 Jennifer Ehle version has many fans, but I have always found it wildly miscast; neither Ehle nor Colin Firth seem of the period (indeed Firth seems more of a bootblack than a great gentleman), and Julia Sawalha's Lydia is nothing short of disastrous.  Yes, it is stagey, there is no denying that, but for me the 1980 mini-series is a truly fine adaptation, and when I return to the novel it is Elizabeth Garvey as Elizabeth Bennett I see before me.  Strongly, strongly recommended.    GFT, Amazon Reviewer  In Memory of Webster Armstrong
B003L77TZI|5.0|I love this CD!  It has five hit singles (California Gurls, Teenage Dream, Firework, ET, Last Friday Night). All of these songs are among my all-time favorite songs, so it is awesome that they are on the same album. The other songs are solid, too. I would highly recommend this product to you.
B001JQTSG6|4.0|This film has been named as the best American film of the 80's and looking back I think it just pipped [[ASIN:0790729628 Blade Runner (The Director's Cut)]] for me although truth be told I enjoyed watching the latter a lot more and still do.  However, as a shocking and disturbing depiction of the self-destructive nature of an otherwise talented boxer this is a great film and they couldn't have picked a better combination to do just that as the two previously worked on a similar theme with [[ASIN:B004IFYMYI Taxi Driver [Blu-ray]]].  This blu-ray version is a definite improvement over the dvd with a much better albeit not perfect picture quality as there are still a few imperfections like white spots in some frames and a vastly improved sound quality coming in DTS-HD MA 5.1 surround and the special feature documentaries are also a real treat.  Scorcese does a brilliant job directing here but it is really the excellent acting of the brilliant De Niro and the excellent Pesci that makes this film.  It was painful watching De Niro self-destruct and hitting out at everyone and especially those closest to him.  The film seems to suggest that he finally finds some sort of restless peace as an overweight entertainer who is now able to take heckling from the audience without having to succumb to uncontrollable bouts of violent temper.  This film is not easy to watch but truly great films seldom are as they challenge you to address issues outside your comfort zone and generate emotions of every kind - not all pleasant.<br /><br />This blu-ray version of the movie is a definite improvement over the dvd but it is not the best film I've seen on blu-ray recently and so you may want to wait for a later release with a better picture quality restoration.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I really liked this CD. It has 3 hit singles (Bad Romance, Alejandro, Telephone), all of which I like a lot. What made this CD especially nice to listen to is how the non-hits were still excellent songs. It is only 8 songs long, but all 8 songs are worth listening to.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lyrics are very relavent to these days and times that we live in. Music is awesome, vocals are still hot!
B004K4AUZW|3.0|I am one of Lady Gaga's monsters, but, to be honest, this album was a bit of a disappointment for me. It has 3 hit single so far: Born This Way, Judas, and Edge fo Glory. Born This Way has a great message (just be yourself) but isn't as well put together as, let's say, Just Dance or Poker Face. Judas is a much better written song, but the lyrics, I think, would offend a lot of people. The only really great single is Edge of Glory. I found two other songs on this album to be very creative and have some of the spark of Gaga's previous hits.  Those songs were Hair and Highway Unicorn. Here is why I titled my review \\"GAGA GONE MAD!\\": the album is 17 songs long and most of them are just plain scary!! More than 50% of this album's songs creeped me out. Less may have been more... I think the album could have been improved by omitting some of the more out-there songs.
6305212112|5.0|I purchased this DVD to replace my old VHS copy.  The shipping was fast and the price was right!  We had a neighborhood movie night which folks seemed to truly enjoy.  Thank you, Amazon!
B00428ZRFE|5.0|This is Rihanna's latest CD, and it has many great hit songs. The hit songs are spread out on the album, rather than being clustered at the beginning, which I liked about this CD. Even the songs that aren't hit singles are good songs. Overall, this is a fun CD to listen to.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I'm a regular runner, 4 times 8~10K every week. 405CX provides more convenient and accurate training statistics. I like this watch.  One problem so far is the bezel will not reponse or react wrongly when sweaty. The summer is hot here, it will bring some trouble sometimes.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I don't have time to tell you how amazing Christopher Nolan is, and I dont have time to delve deep into this film.  One of the greatest  films in the past 15 yrs,brilliant,genius,mindblowing and mindbending,of one of the best Sci-Fi films ever, never tiresome and watchable numerous times and still makes you think, outstanding ending....is that all,probably not.  A++++++++++  And should have won the Oscar!!
B0041KKYEM|5.0|This movie is an insane psycho thriller that you just need to see. It's a bit crazy, a little racy at times, but everything will be worth it. Especially the last 45 minutes of the movie. You're taken on this wild mental ride that you'll never forget!     See the movie that won Natalie an Oscar. She deserved it.
3836504715|5.0|This is a beautiful, solid book with French, English, and German text.  The photos are stunning.  An extremely good value for the price.
B00013M6NK|1.0|This battery (EN-EL5) is a fake one. It came without the tridimensional signal and works for 10 clicks or 20 minutes in standby (the original works for almost 300 clicks).<br />FAKE, FAKE, FAKE!!! IT'S A SHAME!!
1416596585|5.0|So little is known about Google which is used literally by everyone(online) day to day and is a part of daily life. This book is a wonderful eye opener and is a must read for everyone. Some of aspects it highlights:    Google's Operating in stealth -as the book unravels the various critical phases of Google, it brings this out well e.g the profits it was making even as early as 2004; the massive book scanning operation, pulling the plug from china operations etc; regarding its strategic and tactical side -for instance, it's data centers or underlying technology was known so less, until it revealed it gradually in bits n pieces.    Google is a verb now and people seem to associate it with Search, but google is more than search and Gmail.  It's on the way to become a part of our brain. (may be a google implant in the future!). Imagine a day without the friendly google search?    Best brains at work . Google has(had) assembled the pool of most talented engineers, promising young recruits as well as the seasoned veterans to form a best of the best talent at work.  It's amazing to know that Larry Page still vets every job offer made at the company (which is 20,000+).     There is lot of stuff covered in this book, which reveals Google's evolution and growth, its management style.  It's mind blowing. Imagine a company which has taken off from nowhere based on a idea/program 12 years back and has become probably the most influential, powerful company ever known and still growing strong.   Irrespective of one's likes or dislikes about the behemoth, this is a book not to be missed.  Thanks to the author for this great work.
B004A8ZX2S|5.0|\\"Where were you when I laid the foundations of the Earth? When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy?\\"    This verse of Scripture from the book of Job opens Terrence Malick's latest masterpiece, entitled The Tree of Life. After these words appear over a black screen and fade out into the darkness, a mysterious flame illuminates the center of the screen, followed by a distant voice which breaks the silence - \\"Brother. Mother. It was they who led me to Your door.\\"    Thus begins the most beautiful and complex film that you are likely to see this decade. It is not a film in the traditional sense of the word. This is not a plot-driven film. What we have here is the journey of life in words and images - a prayer to God which questions His motives, which longs to understand Him, which calls upon Him, and yearns to be near Him at all times.    The film follows Jack O'Brien (Sean Penn) on the anniversary of his younger brother's death. Jack, a skilled architect, is disillusioned with the world around him. \\"The world has gone to the dogs\\", Jack ponders, as he stares blankly out of the window of a high-rise building. Jack leaves his office and prays to God - \\"When did you first touch my heart?\\" Almost immediately, we are whisked back and forth, through past, present, and beyond, to the creation of the galaxies and the Earth, to the brief reign of the dinosaurs and the beginning of human existence, until, finally, we reach \\"the end of time\\".    Throughout the film, we revisit Jack's tormented childhood in rural Texas in the 1950s. We are introduced to his family, led by his parents (Brad Pitt and Jessica Chastain). His angelic mother teaches Jack and his two brothers the ways of grace (love, forgiveness), while his father represents the way of nature (selfishness, greed). These conflicting worldviews serve as a catalyst for Jack's spiritual and existential struggle, which drives the second act of the film.    Mind you, this synopsis does thefilm no justice. This film cannot be defined in simplistic terms, nor can it be categorized into any specific genre. This is a film that defies convention. It redefines the way that we experience cinema. It is alive, full of wonder and awe. It is poetry. As a friend of mine said after the first screening, this film is a force. It will be a different experience for each individual. You will get out of this film exactly what you bring to it. For me, it is quite possibly the most spiritually significant experience that I have ever had in a theatre. It allowed me to see God portrayed in a way that is respectful, unique and all-encompassing. The grace and mercy of God saturates every frame of this film. Every element - from the beautiful and haunting imagery, to the ethereal soundtrack, to the understated performances, to the philosophical musings on faith and existence - comes together in perfect harmony to create an unforgettable work of art. The performances are uniformly excellent, and the direction from Terrence Malick is as perfect as ever. Not since Kubrick has an artist tackled these complicated themes with such respect and originality.    This is the best film that I have ever seen.       Rated PG-13 for thematic elements. 139 minutes. Fox Searchlight Pictures. Written and directed by Terrence Malick.
B004LSJCJM|5.0|Those of us who follow Joe Bonamassa should enjoy seeing him blossom further into guitar-meister maturity. For those who don't know Joe, you have to see him in concert to appreciate his guitarmanship, and check out his Concert at Royal Albert Hall in London DVD with Eric Clapton to see his years of hard work paying off...
B004QMW1NM|5.0|Snagged this when it was a $5 download.  Its a great album with tons of replay value.  Reminds me of Passion Pit.
B0033V51QG|5.0|At multiple levels Viktor Frankl's book is simply brilliant.<br /><br />At the level of primitive survival Frankl shows that there is no way of knowing whether volunteering will end at the gas chamber or a rest camp, when the dice are being rolled by someone else.<br /><br />In terms of the day-to-day existence he found that it was important to stay in the middle of the flock, or work party to stay warm, and not be beaten.<br /><br />On the re-adjusted scales of Happiness, he understandably developed the concept of negative happiness- freedom from suffering.<br /><br />Finally, he realised that LOVE is the highest goal to which one can aspire.<br /><br />This is the one book that you finish reading and think- My life is pretty damn good!
0345529057|5.0|Excelent book. Im a reader of fiction and history novels. I recommend this author and these books.  I thought that no one could be better then Bernarnd Cornwell, Conn Iggulden, but I was wrong.
B000000WJK|5.0|Breath taking and life changing, the Verve's first effort aptly called \\"A Storm In Heaven\\" is one of the finest sonic works of art ever to be birthed in Great Britain.    Quite simply put a hauntingly mesmerizing masterpiece complete with lush sonic soundscapes that leaves ones imagination running wild and one's soul serenaded in complete bliss.    This is definitively **the** landmark album to come out of Great Britain in the early 1990's and quite arguably for the last two or three decades.  Nothing comes close to replicating Nick McCabes artistic genius.    Still a classic to this day and will stand the tests of time.  Spiritual, hypnotic, and divine all at once.  Once you listen to this album it will instantly go into your top ten favorite albums of all time. ...  You're simply never the same once you've listened to The Verve's \\"A Storm In Heaven\\" ... it's good for the soul.
B004WKOCP8|2.0|Incubus' best music is born of innovation, at its basic level when Brandon Boyd and company integrate a turntable into their n-metal sound, and more interestingly so when the band expands into the unknown by adding the didgeridoo and other ethnic instruments into into its songs (see: \\"Aqueous Transmission\\"). When these items are absent or relegated to the background, Incubus often experiences a misstep, such was the case with 2004's \\"A Crow Left of the Murder...\\"    Unfortunately, this is also true of \\"If Not Now, When?\\" For sheer mellowness, the album succeeds admirably, though listeners may find themselves dozing. But this is an Incubus album, so where's the innovation? With the exception of the track \\"In the Company of Wolves,\\" there is scant newness to be found. In addition, the band's turntable is absent again, like it was on \\"A Crow Left of the Murder...\\" (Thankfully, that album was followed by the much-improved \\"Light Grenades.\\") The resulting \\"stripped-down\\" Incubus brings nothing new to the table and -- dare I say -- begins to border on boring.    Fans would do well to download \\"Wolves\\" and the energetic \\"Switchblade\\" before going back to enjoy Incubus' previous work instead.
B004EPYZP8|5.0|I rented this today...I thought it was fantastic!<br />Matt McConoughey, though I've always admired him, has been in<br />some real lackluster films over the last few years...<br />But this one kind brings his old spark & appeal back.<br />He turns in an exemplary performance as a lawyer who works out<br />of the back of his chauffeur-driven Lincoln Town Car, and basically,<br />for the most part,  has it all down...<br />That is until he runs into a maniacal, deviantly evil, young rich<br />spoiled entitled man, brilliantly played by Ryan Phillipe.<br />Not since his venomous two-faced character in \\"Cruel Intentions\\"<br />have I seen him play such a despicable character with such vicious zeal!<br />He has to be seen to be believed!---I don't want to ruin it for anybody.<br />I would put this kind of in the same category as \\"Primal Fear\\" with Richard Gere and Ed Norton.<br />This is a great psychological thriller and has a few surprising twists that will have you saying \\"OOPS!\\"<br />The supporting cast: William H. Macy, John Leguizamo, Marisa Tomei, and others...all do a great job as well.<br />I will definitely be buying this DVD tomorrow for sure!  Don't miss...
0525423273|5.0|Anna gets shipped off to boarding school in Paris for her senior year.  She is not excited about it because she has to leave behind her best friend, her mom and little brother, and her cute coworker who had finally kissed her.  However, things start to get better once she is there.  She quickly becomes a part of a group of friends, and she finds out that Paris has a ton of movie theaters which is perfect for a budding film critic such as herself.  Mainly, things start to look up because she meets &Eacute;tienne St. Clair... but he already has a girlfriend. This book has romance to be sure, but it also deals with the friendship, families, and growing up.<br /><br />I decided that the best way for me to do a review of this book would be to create a list of the reasons I loved this book, so here we go:<br /><br />1. Characterization.  I feel like I've read too many teen romance-y novels that have boring heroines that are far too desperate to get the guy, and love interests that are too stereotypically perfect and aren't really that interesting.  In this book, Stephanie Perkins created characters that were loveable.  They were unique and had realistic personalities.  None of her characters were perfect people and they all made mistakes, but it was done in a way that made them more realistic and therefore brought them even closer to my heart.  Even the secondary characters all had quirks.  It was refreshing to read a romance without bland characters.<br /><br />2. Conflicts.  I expected that the only real conflict in this book would be \\"does girl get guy.\\"  Of course, that was one conflict, although I must say even that was done so much more realistically that what I'm used to which was nice.  But there were also so many more conflicts that added another level to this book.  There were a lot of family issues, mainly dealing with relationships between parent and child.  There was also conflict between friends caused by a bunch of various things.  I thought all the conflicts were created really well.  They seemed natural, and I thought they were a good depiction is issues teens really face.<br /><br />3. Setting.  Paris.  Do I need to say more?<br /><br />Overall, I was more than satisfied with this book.  Perkins is definitely an author on my radar now, and I'm counting down the days until her next book, Lola and the Boy Next Door is released (Sept 29, 2011)!They seemed natural, and I thought they were a good depiction is issues teens really face.    3. Setting.  Paris.  Do I need to say more?    Overall, I was more than satisfied with this book.  Perkins is definitely an author on my radar now, and I'm counting down the days until her next book, Lola and the Boy Next Door is released (Sept 29, 2011)!
0596007124|3.0|The trouble with computer/development books is they are so darn expensive. I was able to locate this one at a reasonable price, the seller shipped it quickly, and I am happy with the purchase. The only comment I have on the book, is this copy came from a public library (stamped inside) and as such the front/back covers are a little beat. I'm sure if this copy were used by just a person this wouldn't be the case, but I suppose live and learn on what a 'used book' really means, right? Overall I am satisfied and would do business with the seller again... after all you shouldn't judge a book by its cover, and this one was a bargain for what its teaching me.
B0029LHWFO|2.0|The book seems to go to great length to avoid substance.  The preface says all characters except family are 'composite characters', that is not real people.      The first part describes early life, but not much is said about \\"I believe\\" any particular thing.  It offers some mention of exposure to Muslim beliefs in Indonesia.  Summary of part one...\\"although I grew up in a White family, I totally rejected the White teachings of my mother\\" (not a direct quote).    Part 2 touches on work between colleges.  Some empathy for less fortunate, and some mention of community work.  Description of Harvard is \\"I applied for Harvard\\", \\"I was accepted\\", and \\"I attended\\". Literally, that was it; 3 sentences.  There is a world of support and encouragement missing, since I always thought Harvard didn't take just anyone, and tuition isn't cheap.    Most of the rest of the book is concerning his visit to family in Kenya (after a 2 week tour of Europe).  The military picture on the cover, I guess, was his Grand-Father, since he never said he was in the Military.  He lists many experiences of several generations of his Father's family.    Rev. White is mentioned, and the fact he met Michelle.    There a few places in the book that would draw a conclusion on how \\"White\\" people misbehaved, which didn't strike me as being fair and open minded, since certainly not everyone from any race is any one thing.    This is meant as my (only) take on the book.
140053271X|2.0|Pros:  Battery life did seem to be good.  Connected to wifi without an issue.    Cons:  Difficult/sticky page turn buttons (easily my largest complaint).  Annoying interface.  Ghosting of screen.  Lack of ability to browse web, check email, etc.  Disappointed even after rooting (i.e., making Android features accessible).  Lack of ease of directly importing without a computer or FINDING free classics.  No ability to go landscape mode.    This seemed like a great idea that was poorly executed. The page turn buttons were terrible. My thumbs were getting sore waaaay too quickly when these buttons were supposedly designed for this use. I probably could have put up with everything else, but that was too big of an issue to me.    The built-in interface was annoying and simplistic, but not the end of the world. You had advertisements for books you don't care about and you can't get rid of their default books. And there was no way to easily browse something like Project Gutenberg to get free books. The ghosting was annoying at times, but wasn't egregious. But I did notice it. The main thing it did was make the text the slightest bit blurry at times (i.e., not crisp). Made me feel like I needed my glasses (which I don't need for reading).    I was shocked that there was no browser or email client. I'm not expecting an iPad, but the Kindle lets you at least browse the web. Yes, you could access a browser sort of, but it would randomly kick you out of wherever you were at and send you back to the search feature.    For those looking to root it:    It wasn't terribly difficult to root, but for me it really wasn't worth it. Things just don't work that well. You can probably make things work, but for me, it would have required a significantly higher time investment to get things acceptable than I was willing to give it. For instance: Text on web sites was often not sharp and difficult to read, images looked bad, and the inability (that I could find) to remap the primary buttons toquit going back to the stupid B&N interface made it difficult to navigate. Additionally, \\"search\\" in the app store didn't work, and on some menus of the the OS the text was not visible at all (you had to guess what the icon was referring to and hope it wasn't anything bad).    Over all, it was simply disappointing. Perhaps I was expecting too much from a $140 device with \\"simple\\" in the name. Oh well. I ended up returning it to Staples.
B003HARV3Y|3.0|I got this DVD in the mail today, it has Douglas County Library-Colorado on the CD - a label. Is this stolen ?!?!???
0345528581|5.0|Just did my first workout today.  I'm pleased with the book, the layout and the program thus far.  Even as a beginner to serious fitness it was easy to read, understand and get started.      Just to clarify you cannot do ALL the exercises with no equipment at all.  However, the equipment called for is all simple, everyday type objects such as books, ledges, chairs, heavy boxes, doors, etc.  And there are still a good many you can do anytime, anywhere.
044024367X|4.0|This was my 11th Reacher novel, but not my favorite. Reacher is his typical self, completely in his own style. I thought it started out strong. Jack comes across 2 small Colorado towns in the middle of nowhere. Direct opposites. One is Hope; the other despair. He gets arrested for vagrancy rather quickly & winds up being kicked out of Despair. Typically Reacher, he can't stay away.<br />Despair is a company town completely under control of an enormous recycling center. The center is run by the villain & has some strange ties to the military or a non-denominational religious sect. Reacher & a woman police officer, struggling with her own personal issues attempt to uncover the truth of the neer do wells in Despair.<br />The story is interesting enough. Trouble is it begins to meander. It continues meandering. Other than the two main characters the rest of the cast doesn't seem to become to well developed. There are some tie-ins needed. They seem to be missing.<br />One storyline which becomes tedious is Jack's continual walking back & forth between Hope & Despair
B001J4E1D8|3.0|This adaptation is simply not up to the same standards of acting as most other BBC classics. The filming is lush but the acting, particularly by Tess and Angel is wooden and fails to capture the intensity of the tragedy. The series is not particularly innovative in its approach to the novel. It's not a patch on the BBC adaptations of Vanity Fair, North and South or Middlemarch.
0894803123|5.0|The brief intro of how B&J got their start was a fun read.  I love the variety of ice creams you can make in this book along with sorbets!  I've recommended this book to a few people already.  But it if you are looking for a good ice cream book!
0061784788|1.0|Bad news here. I've read his other novels and they are average,,,,this one takes a dive down the hole of<br />a Dan Brown book. Find the Mystery???? Who cares,,in the garbage it goes.
0307595579|5.0|I agree with all the other reviews.  Great trilogy.  Lots of surprises, suspense, mystery, and intrigue.  The 1st book is the best, but all three are good reads.  Highly recommended.
0670022411|1.0|The hype surrounding this book by Amazon's reviewers and others was just that, and the book itself is so boring and plotless that I didn't even finish it when I got to the last ten pages. I skimmed through those, only to learn that nothing happens at the end, either.<br /><br />What a gargantuan waste of time.
0810983915|5.0|I have 2 14-year old kids, and they both have the read the \\"Diary of the Wimpy Kid\\" series. They love it! I also have a 6-year old who sits and has me read it to her everyday. She gets a kick out of all the comics that go along with the story. The book is in great condition, almost brand new. We love it!
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|A STOLEN LIFE, by Jaycee Dugard, is a very personal memoir of one girl's 18-year nightmare at the hands of her kidnappers, Phillip and Nancy Garrido.  Told completely from Jaycee's point of view, the memoir begins with her kidnapping back in 1991 and ends with her recovery and therapy 2009-10.  The story is at once horrifying and uplifting as this very courageous child grows into a young woman with children of her own and a desperate determination for freedom.<br /><br />Early in the book, Jaycee writes, \\"It's funny how you can get used to things.\\"  And in a way, Jaycee does \\"get used to\\" the life she is forced to live after her kidnapping.  She manages to hold onto her sanity by adapting to her situation and finding ways to \\"escape\\" her captivity, especially through writing.  She adores cats and cares for several during her confinement, even keeping a detailed journal about one of them that became especially important to her.  Later, her journals would continue - a large part of A STOLEN LIFE is made up of the journal entries she wrote between 1998 and 2004.  It is in these very revealing passages that we come to see Jaycee as a real woman, not unlike the rest of us.  She worries about her children their education.  She frets about weight gain and failure to exercise.  She makes lists of her favorite singers, or the places she wants to visit in the future.  In spite of her captors, she manages to grow into a real woman with a self-identity that is believable and identifiable.  In a way, it affirms how powerful we are as people, and how capable we are of overcoming adversity and rising above it.<br /><br />Throughout the book is Jaycee's very clear and unwavering love for her mother, who becomes the guiding light that not only keeps her strong through her 18 years of captivity but acts as a beacon toward which Jaycee never falters.  In her journals, Jaycee refers to her mother only as \\"she\\" and \\"her,\\" because of how painful it was for her to write the words \\"mom\\" or \\"mother\\" during those difficult years.  Their reunion near the end of the book is wonderful and satisfying - seldom does a true story end with such an uplifting moment.<br /><br />There is nothing at all in this book about the arrest and trial of Phillip Garrido.  We learn little about him that Jaycee doesn't experience herself - and she admits to not understanding this man who stole 18 years of her life.  This is not a \\"true crime\\" account; it's Jaycee's very personal and even intimate story.  Some have argued that Jaycee has been very lucky in the two years since her recovery - she was given a brand new car, a farmhouse in the country, and $20 million from the State of California as reparation for the very shoddy job the justice department did in looking for her and supervising Garrido (who was on parole during the entire time he was holding Jaycee prisoner).  But what would you say 18 years of your life is worth?  I know I wouldn't trade my own years for a car, house, or even money.  I admire Jaycee's courage in writing this book - she is taking a real step toward putting the past behind her and keeping herself focused on the future.  Her foundation (JAYC) will do a lot of good for a lot of people.<br /><br />I recommend A STOLEN LIFE.  I wish Jaycee all the best.those difficult years.  Their reunion near the end of the book is wonderful and satisfying - seldom does a true story end with such an uplifting moment.    There is nothing at all in this book about the arrest and trial of Phillip Garrido.  We learn little about him that Jaycee doesn't experience herself - and she admits to not understanding this man who stole 18 years of her life.  This is not a \\"true crime\\" account; it's Jaycee's very personal and even intimate story.  Some have argued that Jaycee has been very lucky in the two years since her recovery - she was given a brand new car, a farmhouse in the country, and $20 million from the State of California as reparation for the very shoddy job the justice department did in looking for her and supervising Garrido (who was on parole during the entire time he was holding Jaycee prisoner).  But what would you say 18 years of your life is worth?  I know I wouldn't trade my own years for a car, house, or even money.  I admire Jaycee's courage in writing this book - she is taking a real step toward putting the past behind her and keeping herself focused on the future.  Her foundation (JAYC) will do a lot of good for a lot of people.      I recommend A STOLEN LIFE.  I wish Jaycee all the best.
009193768X|5.0|I enjoyed this book I purchased through Amazon.com very much.  I made the Honey, Sultan & Pecan Tea Bread recipe, from the book, and it's received rave reviews.  I'm looking forward to trying additional recipes at my next tea party!
0553582038|4.0|I'll admit that unlike the first three books I was tempted to skip ahead to chapters that were focused on characters I enjoyed more but I still thoroughly enjoyed the book as a whole. It had enough unexpected twists to keep me captivated. I especially enjoyed the developments with Arya Stark. It also left us with some major cliffhangers which will hopefully be touched upon in the next book even though I understand it will be focusing primarily on other characters.
B000KE1P7S|5.0|If you loved the book, it's hard to suffer through some of the 2-hour films.  This version is delightful and true to the book.  Highly recommended!
0780622650|5.0|I love this movie.  It's kind of silly, I guess, but I watched the TV show as a kid and that's what got me into Sci-fi movies.  I had this movie, must have been on tape.  I really wanted to see it again and think of it as \\"a keeper.\\"  There are a limited amount of good Sci-fi movies or great TV shows but I think this is one of the good ones.  Fun, but well made, good storyline and still had that old Lost in Space feel.  Also, really great actors make a big difference and this one is golden (twinkle), okay, it's platinum.  ;)
0439023513|3.0|\\"Mockingjay\\" was what I hoped \\"Catching Fire\\" was--the rebel attack on the Capitol.  It's a pretty fast-paced novel, but one that had a somewhat ambiguous ending.  We're left to our own devices to decide the intentions of those in power.<br /><br />I must admit that I get a little agitated at books where war solves a problem, but then muses that war solves nothing.  Um, yes it did.  War is awful, but is sometimes necessary.  I think the world Collins created here in this series justifies the war, but the backtracking is a little frustrating.  Also, why didn't the editor catch the inconsistency in writing numbers.  Sometimes it's District 12, sometimes Twelve.  Team 451, Team Four-Fifty-One.  I know that's anal, but it's not that hard to decide on a format and stick with it.
B004EPYZUI|1.0|This has got to be the WORST film I have seen since Twilight, I didn't think ANY movie could top that one on the c***dar but WOW. This one definitely hit the nail right on the head, such a disappointing movie, I had such high hopes for it. Other then the obviously gorgeous girls, there is nothing to be praised, i wouldn't even give this film half a star if I could.
0439023521|4.0|Amazon had the Kindle version of \\"The Hunger Games\\" on sale, so I gave it a try.  Glad I did.  It's a much different book than I normally read, but had all the necessary components:  good writing, good storytelling, interesting location and premise.  As a 41-year-old man, I did get the feeling like I shouldn't be reading it given that it's about a teenage girl who, through horrible circumstances, is coming-of-age.  Kinda the way I image many adults felt weird reading the first Potter books, before they became so huge.  But the story was so engaging, it was hard to put down.<br /><br />America is no more.  In its place is a country called Panem, ruled by those in the Capitol near current-day Denver.  The country is divided into districts, each one focusing on a specific trade.  District 13 rebelled and was consequently crushed.  To keep the other districts from attempting another rebellion The Hunger Games was introduced.  Every year, one boy and one girl from each district are picked to play the Games, which is basically a massive fight to the death--all televised of course.  Our protagonist, Katniss, volunteers in place of her little sister, who's picked to play the Games.  The other District 12 player is a boy named Peeta.  Years earlier, he received a beating for giving Katniss some bread.  Prior to the Games beginning, he professes his love for her to all.  Katniss thinks this is an act to gain sponsors or popularity.  Little does she know...<br /><br />What ensues is a pretty brutal assault on Katniss' psyche.  While she breaks the rules in her district by hunting beyond boundaries, she's ill prepared to kill other humans--especially human children.  She has the abilities for sure, just not the will to do so.  And because the entire thing is televised, she must go through periods of \\"acting\\" so those watching will sponsor and place bets on her, meaning she can be rewarded throughout the Games with items she needs.<br /><br />Hopefully some teens will read this and recognize \\"reality TV\\" for what it is--pure pap and no more realistic than anything else on television (and yes, to a degree I include the news).<br /><br />Looking forward to continuing the trilogy.TV\\" for what it is--pure pap and no more realistic than anything else on television (and yes, to a degree I include the news).    Looking forward to continuing the trilogy.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Grammy Award winners YES, one of the most influential and ground-breaking progressive rock bands are back with their first all original new album in 10 years.  \\"Fly From Here\\" takes listeners back to an early Yes sound, and is best described as a follow up to their  1980 release \\"Drama\\".  The production is slick and the sound quality crystal clear with a strong resonate bass, sizzling guitars, vibrant Synths and full vocals.  Yet, the production seems to go overboard in many places, with a wall of sound that feels like the onslaught of 90125 and Big Generator releases.<br /><br />Starting with the six part title track, keyboardist Geoff Downes (Buggles and Asia) along with guitarist Steve Howe lay down the \\"Fly From Here\\" theme.  Chris Squires powerful bass anchors the rhythm with Alan Whites drumming kicking  it into action.  The listeners mind is likely to be shocked by the uncanny vocals of Benoit David whom initially had temporarily replaced long time Yes member Jon Anderson who was on medical leave.  Benoit David came to Yes as the lead singer for the tribute band \\"Close to the Edge\\", and has contributed to writing and provides fantastic vocals on this 2011 release.  Legendary two-time Grammy Award winning producer Trevor Horn teams up again to produce this album.<br /><br />For the lyric minded, Jon Andersons mystical themes are not present, which would have been a blessing for former members Bill Bruford and Rick Wakeman, whom left the band due to Andersons themes.  Of course, for long time fans of early Yes, these themes are likely are what drew them in. \\"Fly From Here\\" is much more introspective and seems less mature lyrically.  Reading into the song titles \\"Life On a Film Set\\", \\"hour of Need\\", and \\"Into the Storm\\" it is easy to see that significant changes have occurred.<br /><br />However, Steve Howe plays a wonderful piece called \\"Solitaire\\", which is derived from classical music.  It is easy to imagine guitarists stepping up to learn this great piece.  Sprinkled throughout the album are several solos and short interludes that continue to showcase his amazing guitar work.  Geoff Downes's keyboards are extravagant and pull from both modern and classic synth sounds.  His keyboards embellish the tracks with occasional licks tossed into the mix.  Careful listening will reveal multiple layers of keyboards, guitars, and vocals, a rich quality likely due to Trevor Horns production style.<br /><br />\\"Fly From Here\\" is a must have for Yes fans, as it will likely be considered a classic in the long run.  However, for newbies to the prog-rock genre, it is recommended to start with their most well known releases, \\"Fragile\\" and \\"Close to the Edge\\".  Casual Yes listeners are advised to see if the album will grow on them first since this is still a departure from their classic 1970's releases.  (mediaversal.com)he album are several solos and short interludes that continue to showcase his amazing guitar work.  Geoff Downes's keyboards are extravagant and pull from both modern and classic synth sounds.  His keyboards embellish the tracks with occasional licks tossed into the mix.  Careful listening will reveal multiple layers of keyboards, guitars, and vocals, a rich quality likely due to Trevor Horns production style.    \\"Fly From Here\\" is a must have for Yes fans, as it will likely be considered a classic in the long run.  However, for newbies to the prog-rock genre, it is recommended to start with their most well known releases, \\"Fragile\\" and \\"Close to the Edge\\".  Casual Yes listeners are advised to see if the album will grow on them first since this is still a departure from their classic 1970's releases.  (mediaversal.com)
0439023491|3.0|\\"Catching Fire,\\" the second of The Hunger Games trilogy, was not quite as good as the first, but still imaginative and engaging.  It started off in a direction that was more exciting than were it ended up...as if there was a determination to make it a trilogy rather than a two-story series.<br /><br />This one sees another Hunger Games-like contest, but this time using past tributes.  The idea is that the Capitol will use the \\"strongest\\" among them as examples of how it can still rule all.  Then we're in familiar territory.  But prior to the games beginning, we see glimpses of districts revolting.  And that's where I was hoping the story was going to more directly go.  But that, I guess, is where the third book, \\"Mockingjay,\\" goes.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|My two favorite books are Pillars of the Earth and a World Without End.  I loved these two books so much that I have re-read them several times.  I was eagerly anticipating the release of Fall of Giants only to be deeply disappointed.  The first 30 pages held my interest, but sadly I only made it 200 pages into the book before finally giving up.  The characters are one dimensional and there was little regard to really developing these characters.  The story lines were fragmented, which I know all of them will eventually begin to intermingle with one another, which should enrich the overall plot, but these initial plot lines were so boring and poorly written that I didn't care to waste my time to find out.  I am happy that I did not waste the $19.99 for the Kindle edition and opted to check it out from my local library.  I had this book for five days before finally giving up.  I doubt I will be attempting to read any other book of Ken Follett's any time soon.
0553801473|1.0|Part I<br />I have only just started reading Dance with Dragons, but the first three chapters have done nothing to suggest that the format will improve on that of the earlier volumes. Somewhere in there is a first rate story (or rather stories) but it is buried in a mass of unnecessary detail, background and description. I am already skip-reading to pick out the story amid irrelevant ramblings. I can expect tedious back-tracks on family history/mythology/geography, interminable step-by-step journeys by land and sea which get nowhere fast, allusive stream-of-consciousness detours, a myriad of names of incidental, unimportant characters, who merely illustrate the author's ability to invent and confuse('Zhak, Hazkar, Ghazeen, Merreq, Loraq, all the old slaving families' - will we see any of these again?). Of course rich detail makes a narrative realistic, but the editor seems to have nodded off (literally). I will probably battle through to the 'end', if only to see how the author avoids coming to any conclusions.The whole narrative so far could have been delivered in no more than two volumes, without loss of atmosphere. George Martin seems addicted to the theory that it is better to travel than arrive. Lord of the Rings it is not.<br />Part II<br />I have just finished skip-reading this volume. Oh dear, it got worse - pages and pages of irrelevant self-indulgence - it was relatively easy to pick out the main steps in the story, even though they were few and far between and the character-by-character chapters are irritating and confusing (as if Martin is saying, 'try to guess where this fits in, if anywhere?'.<br />The geography is also hopeless. I was glued to the online map in the early volumes - this time I could not be bothered (although there is no intelligible map anyway).<br />In general, characters live, die and are resurrected at a whim without any coherent thread to their stories, which are buried in verbiage. If there is a TV sequel to Game of Thrones, let's hope that the producer has licence to cut and simplify, otherwise no-one will have the patience to see it through to the end - if there is one. Overall I am angry at being cheated of a potentially great epic.hope that the producer has licence to cut and simplify, otherwise no-one will have the patience to see it through to the end - if there is one. Overall I am angry at being cheated of a potentially great epic.
B004GHNHVW|5.0|I bought this for my Dad for his birthday. He loves it. It arrived before I expected it to and packaged well.
B005529BDK|5.0|....finally a game we can play...Kudos!  highly recommend.  i jumped right into it, now it's time to take the demo
B003DO13OM|4.0|Got this mainly for the piece \\"On Horseback\\" which I have loved for years. Just can't get enough of it. I do enjoy the rest, although I'm not much of a new age guy. Found the video on You Tube, as well.
0071762345|5.0|This book has expanded my commitment to engage our clientele (existing and prospective) via social media.  Unlike the numerous other books that I started, and did not finish, I read this book cover to cover.  Most importantly, this book contains ACTION ITEMS and teaches you step-by-step how to engage and attract a social media audience (NOT clients necessarily in the short term. Start with an audience and the clients will likely follow over time).  Highly recommended.  I have my entire staff reading this book.  I anticipate a year from now, my company will feel, look, and behave, differently and we will have grown with like minded employees and clients.      Highly recommended!
B00006JIA4|1.0|This is probably the worst 3 CS collection I have ever bought!!! The first one is all their recognized hits.  The last 2 are absolutely ridiculous.  I would have been better off with just the 1 CDS.  Don't puchase!!!!  BIG RIPOFF!!!
B0007MWZEK|4.0|There was a problem with the item. The section  A to  B did not fit. the opening was not large enough for the screw type to fit. I had to take a tap and enlarge the hole. then it worked. After that  all was OK, and it works great. Sincerely Rosa Egolf
B004HD61KE|5.0|Forget all the bad reviews that just complain about the price of the book. Those are not real reviews.<br />This was a fun, action packed story with interesting facts about Native Americans and Thomas Jefferson and others thrown in. If you like Matthew Reilly's books, you will enjoy this one!
B0058FOB2K|5.0|If you were looking for an album that sounds like Single Ladies, then you'll be disappointed.  This music is for grown ups for sure.  By far the best album I've ever purchased of B's.  It reminds me of the R & B from the 70's.  Love it!
B00000JBFW|4.0|Perfect Strangers, the 11th studio album by the band, and the fifth by the celebrated MKII line up (this meant the return of singer Ian Gillian and guitarist Ritchie Blackmore) which had not been together for 11 years. Furthermore it was Deep Purple's was first album at all in eight years.<br /><br />The funk and soul elements on the previous three Deep Purple albums are gone, and the progressive and acoustic elements from Fireball are also absent. Stylistically, The album is a mixture of the style from Machine Head with some of the music from the time.<br /><br />The album makes some concessions to the sounds of the 1980s, such as use of an autotuner on the chorus of single `Knocking At Your Back Door,' and some keyboard sounds and production techniques which wouldn't be found on the band's earlier music.<br /><br />There is however, quite a strong collection of songs to be found on Perfect Strangers, the years had not adversely affected their musicianship and though certain sections may seem dated, the majority of the album is just well written and enjoyable rock music, with big guitar solos, flailing drum fills and furious key solos.<br /><br />The album contains the concert favourite title track `Perfect Strangers,' which many Deep Purple fans would consider must listen stuff, the album isn't exactly full of filler either. The driving and hard closer `Not Responsible,' and the catchy `Gypsy's Kiss,' are both standouts and `Nobody's Home,' would fit well into any of the MK11 albums from the 70s.<br /><br />In summary; Perfect Strangers is a good Deep Purple album, the songs are good, the musicianship is exemplary and the only real flaw is that the production is a little to 80s in places.  Highly recommended; For newcomers maybe not the first album you should get by the band, but if you already like the band this is definitely one to add to your collection.
0425242099|4.0|It seems like forever that Singh has teased us with the relationship brewing between Sienna Lauren and Hawke.  Now that Sienna is 19 she's tired of waiting and has an overwelling amount of friends and family that are more than willing to help her trap the unwilling Hawke.  Yet, even when it looks like Hawke is yielding, there are other problems on the horizon.  The wolves are being attacked and Sienna's powers are overloading (for lack of a better term).<br /><br />The book was action-packed and well worth the read.  Singh is always a pleaser.
B003O86FMW|5.0|This was a good read.... I thought the hunger Games was a much better read. It had more action and excitement. It took over half this book to really get the story moving and more exciting. Katniss flipping back and forth and very drawn out who she loves was pretty long. As others have said reminded me of the Twilight Books with Bella. Once the games started, it was hard to put down! I loved it from that point on. I heard the Mockingjay is better read? I will be reading it next and will find out soon as hubby lends me his copy from Kindle. I still gave it a five star because it was still a good book to read.
1451629184|5.0|Jayce shows us the reader how hope is the key to never giving up.  Hope is surving and hope will win.  Great inspiration!
B00000IL26|5.0|This is one of the most famous records in jazz history due to the very catchy theme \\"Sidewinder\\", that commercials apart, it is worth its fame. However, the truly masterpiece is the second song, \\"Totem Pole\\", also composed by Morgan, and brilliantly executed with magnificent solos by Morgan, Joe Henderson, and Barry Harris. You can enjoy this wonder doubly since the bonus track is the alternate take. It is fascinating to compare both versions, and in my opinion, and I have over 20 Morgans cds, he is at his peak in this song. The other three tracks are pretty good, also originals, that round up an excellent album that belongs to any jazz collection. After listening this album many times, I still think that \\"The Gigolo\\" is the best thing that Lee Morgan ever pulled out, but \\"Totem Pole\\" is definitively one of those tracks to take to the desert island and listen to it endlessly.
B004RBYJVO|5.0|this turned out to be a great book, as promised by those i know that have read it.  more of a documentary than a story as depicted by the movie, but really connects you to the charicter and landscape.  worth a read!
0446579939|3.0|I of course loved this book. The condition was average considerin I paid around $5 for the book itself. I wasnt thrilled that it had been a previously owned library book, but it adds to the charm. All in all, I would have liked to been warned about it being a library book, but there wasn't a lot of damage or weathering. It just depends on the buyer I suppose.
B00062IDCO|4.0|This season is the final of the Star Trek Voyager series. IMHO it is also one of the best. About 90% of the 20+ episodes are \\"Very Good\\" or \\"Excellent\\". I ordered this season from Amazon and received it relatively quickly. However, the case this series comes in is absolutely terrible. The case is just a thin hard plastic, that is easily cracked (both my original order and replacement order came with a cracked case) and does nothing to protect the 7 DVDs. The case is also covered with a two piece plastic box and paper insert. This leaves the first disk in the case exposed. Case in point, when I unpackaged the set and removed the plastic box, I discovered the first disk in the case had a large scratch in it- and it was almost unplayable. I returned it without problems (kudos to Amazon!) and received a replacement within a week. As I stated earlier, this case was also cracked, however, the disks were undamaged, so I kept it. I have since replaced the case with a standard DVD multidisk case. If you plan to purchase this series, I recommend you also budget the cost to replace the original case. 5 stars for Amazon service and delivery, 4-stars for the content of the DVDs and video quality, 1-star for the case.
1451629184|5.0|The book will grip your heart.  I applaud Jaycee for her bravery and courage it took to relive her Stolen Life in writing.  It is so well written. There are difficult parts that are her reality, but it is so well done.  Wishing Jaycee and her family every bright and happy day imaginable. As a mother, my heart goes out to Jaycee's mother for never losing hope to find JC. After reading her story, utmost respect to Jaycee for not losing hope for herself, her children and her family.  Well done.
B000002I6X|5.0|this is a good cd the band is excellent i have had this album for a long time it is a very good recording.
B004LWZW24|3.0|I agree with most critics and audiences that INSIDIOUS had some genuinely nerve-wracking moments. The tension and dread are very nicely wound up as the movie progresses, and the supernatural aspects are very \\"realistic\\" in that they are subtle and in shadow--like things you could actually imagine happening.  The sequence involving the house alarm going off at night is perfectly pitched and will have you stressed and on edge. There are several legitimate \\"gotcha\\" moments that rattle your nerves. The acting is top-notch (esp. Rose Byrne, who plays the mother). Even the \\"haunting\\" relies upon an interesting concept related to astral projection. So, why 3 stars?  Well, that's because the last 1/3 of the film is absolutely dreadful. In fact, it is so bad that it feels as though a low-grade director co-opted from the SyFy channel took over directing for Guillermo DelToro in the last act. I honestly felt I was watching a really bad horror film from the 80s complete with lame special effects, haunted house-like phantasms and a demon being that looked like it came out of Labyrinth. I was expecting Freddy Krueger to pop in and make a cameo as Patrick Wilson's character wanders through fog-drenched dark rooms. In fact, the entire last sequence feels alot like what happened in Poltergeist when Jo Beth Williams' character goes into the \\"otherside\\" to rescue her daugher...except Tobe Hooper (who directed Poltergeist) had the wisdom to let the audience imagine what that place looked like. In INSIDIOUS, we are taken right into the ghostly dimension -- and it looks like a low grade neighborhood haunted house.  I think the reason I was so frustrated by this movie is because the first and second acts were brilliant and genuinely scary (I would say more scary than almost anything on screen in the last decade). Naturally, then, the crappy last act felt even more disappointing juxtaposed against the fantastic first and second acts.  I would still recommend it for the scares that are generated during the first hour.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I could not put this book down, it was both heart breaking and inspirational.  The sheer pain and misery that Jaycee had to have gone through oozed off the pages.  At times you can see that she has not completely grown up, that scared 11 year old girl is in there still wanting to grow and learn new things.<br /><br />Now that she is set for money I am hoping she can stop worrying about the media and start working on the list of things she journaled way back in 2004.  She had her own bucket list and I hopel and pray she can make it to Egypt and to Alaska to see the Northern Lights and some of the other amazing places.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Every one in the world should buy this. I am going to use it for xmas gifts to all my friends and family and then I am going to buy an extra one for me.   love it love it lovet!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0847835073|5.0|This is a splendid book full with artistic photographs of the most beautiful actress of the World, there are samples of some of her photo sessions throughout the years, many of those I have seen them before, but around one third of them were new for me, I really like her first photo session at age thirteen you could see the innocence of a beautiful teenager and you could tell from that time she was going to become a breathtaking model.
B004EBT5CU|1.0|Adele was described as this decades Sarah McLachlan, so I decided if she's good enough for that comparison there must be some truth. Adele's voice is pretty, but the lyrics fall short. If you like Taylor Swift or any of the Top 40 on MTV trash you'll love her.
B002ZG997C|5.0|I really did not know what to expect with The Book of Eli but being a fan of the post apocalyptic genre of course I wanted to see it. Though it took longer for me to finally be able to watch it then planned, but things happen for a reason. When the end credits started rolling I was speechless, I was moved and really just could not wait to share this experience with someone. Although this move is a bit brutal for some there is a message here and I highly recommend The Book of Eli to everyone, especially to those who are rELIgious bELIevers. This movie dELIvers, God Bless!
B001E45XT4|5.0|The Plantronics Gamecom 367 has definitely been built with quality in mind. This is also one headset I can ramble on about what great features it has, but I'll try to keep it short.    Sound Quality: Sound is crystal clear, no static or hissing, and has a wide volume spectrum, so turning this thing up is not a problem.    Ease of Use: Like most PC headsets, setup is very simple and effective. I really enjoy the mp3 player style volume control, as well as the simple mute switch. Both work flawlessly.    Bass Response: To be honest, I think this headset has plenty of bass, but I'm sure there are people who would still want more, but for most, the bass level potential should be just fine.    Comfort: One of the most comfortable headsets I've ever used to say the least. Wearing this over long periods of time should not cause very much strain to ears. In my own experience, after using it for 4 hours, I had no real pain at all.    Microphone Quality: A surprisingly responsive mic for the distance is actually sits away from your mouth, however, it still works very well through any background noise. Doesn't get in the way at all, in fact, you don't even have to move it in order to eat or drink (not really recommended around your computer of course). The microphone's build quality is very sturdy and does not look like it could break very easily. It folds nicely into the headset for whenever it isn't needed.      So if you're looking for a cheaper headset, but still something durable and built to quality, do not turn this one down. Undeniably worth the money.
B004DL5K2K|5.0|Great album to begin with, and now being remastered it sounds even better. You can really hear rhandy's guitar work
0439023521|5.0|This three book series is an excellent read for both young adults and those of us who passed that age line long ago.
B00005J6UP|5.0|Classic!!!! Every kid in today's society needs to watch this movie...very important family/friend values are represented; that are lacking in today's society.
B004GYOQ6A|5.0|Got it back on the free app of the day and just got around to playing with it.  Its a great looking app graphically and the way the menus function.  There are a huge amount of free boards and just as many free download addon ones.  Online functionality too.  If I had done a demo and this app was 3.99 I would probably end up buying it.  Thank you Amazon and app Dev.
0143038419|5.0|Eat, Pray, Love offers an outstanding view into the mind of a woman who suffers from clinical depression and narcissistic personality disorder.  As such, I highly recommend reading it so one can be alert to these personality traits in others (especially potential romantic partners) and avoid them.    The opening quote of the book sets the tone: \\"Tell the truth, tell the truth, tell the truth.\\"  Being an habitual liar, such a reminder to herself is necessary at the very outset.  Of course, one must then take everything she writes with a grain of salt.    Suicidal, despondent, dishonest, unfaithful, anorexic, petulant and very angry, but with a well-paying job writing puff pieces for national magazines that enable her to travel around the world, she does and buys whatever she wants, yet is still deeply unhappy and feels like she doesn't do enough for herself.    Not understanding the simple spiritual truth that \\"where ever you go, there you are,\\" she travels around the globe in a vain effort to \\"find herself.\\"  She doesn't really change throughout the book, but imagines her check-out counter book philosophical insights to be deep revelations.  She manages to find a wealthy man in Bali who, like her first husband for many years, wasn't insistent on a reciprocal relationship and enjoyed pouring his energy into her needy and mentally ill self.    Strictly speaking, this book should be categorized as \\"fiction.\\"  Nevertheless, this book reveals much more about the author than she realizes as long as you look for the meaning behind her evasions, defensive self-justifications and lies.    And, note well.  Anyone who reads this book and finds herself or himself having a positive evaluation of the author is someone you should avoid as a romantic partner.
B005529BDK|4.0|I love puzzles. Challenges, problem-solving, and brain games are my favorites. If you enjoy tetris, sudoku, tanagrams, etc then I say give this one a shot. The intro is long and it takes a little longer to load then most games but I have had it a week and still have scores I plan to top.
B004B4RCDE|5.0|This is one of the best albums Rihanna came out with. I love how she included some songs that reminded me of her Barbadian culture (Man Down, What's my name, Raining men). The beats are bangin in all of the loud songs and the slower songs are so personal..love love love it! Good job Ri-Ri! BUY THIS ALBUM!!
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game was well worth the money. The graphics are amazing and smooth. The game itself is challenging and fun. Cannot wait for more levels! DroidX
1595825045|5.0|This book is essential for any fan of this truly wonderful series. Reading this book and relishing the stunning design work only reminds you of just how beautifully crafted this show was.    Bring on LEGEND OF KORRA!!
B004EPYZUI|4.0|First, let me qualify my 4-star rating by breaking the movie into more quantifiable pieces:<br /><br />Visual Effects:  5 stars<br />Soundtrack & FX: 5 stars<br />Choreography:  5 stars<br />Cinematography:  5 stars<br />Editing:  4 stars<br />Acting:  2 stars (generous)<br />Story / Plot:  .5 stars (that's right, HALF a star at best)<br /><br />Overall, the film delivered what I wanted from it: stuff blowing up in beautifully choreographed and stylized ways. If, like me, you've ever asked the question, \\"in a fight between...\\" this film is worth watching just to see one man's vision of what might happen. A pretty girl in a school-girl costume tackles giant [robotic demon?] samurai equipped with howitzer-scaled Gatling guns, a squad of scantily-clad babes mow down trenches of WWII [zombie] Nazis with automatic weaponry and even an anime-styled mech. It's over the top, it's nonsensical and just plan fun if viewed purely for the \\"action/effects porn\\" that it is.<br /><br />The film's problems begin to manifest rapidly if you make the mistake of looking for any kind of meaningful reason behind the glorious fight sequences. Tying all of this carnage together is a thinly veiled excuse for shooting scantily-clad babes in explosive action set pieces. Unfortunately, for me anyway, these story bits tend to weigh the movie down into territory it never needed to explore--the psychological ramifications of mental, physical and sexual abuse.<br /><br />Somehow, what might have been an opus to female empowerment has become the anthem for battered women resigned to their fate--the only way to cope is to escape into a fantasy. Too powerless to face and change her reality, our protagonist simply invents a new one to exist in.<br /><br />Honestly, though, I wouldn't even have a problem with this set up if it wasn't so blatant and sophomoric. I came away from the film feeling that some lucky teenage boy got a chance to have his fantasies put on film. That horrid dragon book/movie written by a pre-schooler or the vampire travesty which has recently swept our teenage nation is why the producers of this film thought they could get away with slapping a melodramatic piece of drivel as filler between truly inspired action sequences. And, unfortunately, they were half right.<br /><br />The reason there is a \\"love it or hate it\\" polarization to this movie is because it LOOKS and SOUNDS like a movie you want to enjoy and then tries to tie it all together with a \\"story\\" so weak and unappealing that you feel dirty for liking any aspect of the movie at all.<br /><br />I liked what this movie does with the medium of film from a VISUAL and AUDITORY standpoint alone. If I had to review this movie experience as a whole, it'd probably get only 1 star for wasting it's potential.en by a pre-schooler or the vampire travesty which has recently swept our teenage nation is why the producers of this film thought they could get away with slapping a melodramatic piece of drivel as filler between truly inspired action sequences. And, unfortunately, they were half right.<br /><br />The reason there is a \\"love it or hate it\\" polarization to this movie is because it LOOKS and SOUNDS like a movie you want to enjoy and then tries to tie it all together with a \\"story\\" so weak and unappealing that you feel dirty for liking any aspect of the movie at all.<br /><br />I liked what this movie does with the medium of film from a VISUAL and AUDITORY standpoint alone. If I had to review this movie experience as a whole, it'd probably get only 1 star for wasting it's potential.
0385736002|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book, my son purchased the book for my daughter and she devoured it. When she said mom read this book I new it was a winner. Really good character development and plot is clearly defined. I found myself perusing the internet to look up the mythological creatures some of whom I recalled from earlier reads. Excellent read!
1439156816|5.0|On Writing hits on two levels:    1.  I personally have never read a Stephen King novel.  Sadly I stereotyped all of his books into a category that just didn't interest me.  After watching the Green Mile for the nth time, I finally noticed he was the writer of the story.  Surprised to say the least!  Being an avid reader of biographies, I came across On Writing while perusing Amazon.  Even if I'd never read any of his stories, there was no denying the success Stephen King has had as an author.  After reading On Writing, I have a new found respect for Steven King.  The first half of his memoir is heartfelt and gives a little insight into the type of person he really is.  A boy with a love for science fiction and horror who's interests and perseverance carried over into an adult life.  A lesson that everyone can appreciate and learn from!     2.  Recently I've been very interested in writing.  Not for monetary purposes or hopes of being published (both would be completely welcome though) but because there is a freedom that comes from it.  Creativity is a beautiful thing and it changes the creator for the better.  The second half of Mr. King's memoir deals with the \\"language.\\"  His tips, tricks, and advice on how to become a good writer.  I'd put it right there with Bird by Bird as a fantastic motivator for anyone longing to write.  Even if you have no interest in writing, the book works as a great motivator for any endeavor that you're currently seeking or had dreamed up as a kid and let fall by the wayside as adolescence became adulthood.
B003UESJIS|4.0|****1/2<br /><br />Watching a Mike Leigh movie is a bit like eavesdropping on the lives and conversations of people we may not know personally but whom we sure do recognize, since we see so much of ourselves reflected in them.  Part of the reason for this is that Leigh always casts his films with actors who look as little like conventional movie stars as one can imagine (Hollywood, please take note).  It's also because the characters he concerns himself with are ordinary middle- and working class folk, many of them middle-aged, who are suddenly waking up to the fact this may indeed be all there is to life - just a series of ruts and dull routines on the inexorable, if sometimes dawdling, march towards impending death.<br /><br />The individuals in Leigh's latest work, \\"Another Year,\\" perfectly fit the bill.  There's Mary (Lesley Manville), a ditzy divorcee who worries she'll never meet the right man, and Ken (Peter Wight), a brooding, lonely, overweight man who feels keenly the loss of his youth; then there's Imelda Staunton in a very small role as a woman trapped in a state of depression so severe she cannot recall a single happy moment in her life.<br /><br />At the core of the film, however, lie Gerri (Ruth Sheen) and Tom (Jim Broadbent), a happily married couple who somehow seem to have come to terms with the realities of life and aging and, thus, serve as pillars of moral strength and emotional stability that others can lean on in times of stress.<br /><br />As the title suggests, the story spans a twelve-month period, with the script divided into four parts, one for each season.  The \\"story,\\" such as it is, is basically a series of social gatherings (including one funeral) in which the characters discuss the day-to-day realities of their lives.  Only Gerri and Tom remain generally reticent, preferring rather to lend an ear and offer advice than to articulate their own views on life and relationships.  As such, they provide a great calming presence both for the other characters and for the audience, and we can see why each of these individuals is emotionally drawn to them.<br /><br />The flawless cast also features Oliver Maltman as Gerri and Tom's thirty-year-old son, Joe; David Bradley as Tom's recently widowed brother, Ronnie; and Martin Savage as Ronnie's ne'er-do-well son, Ronnie.<br /><br />Set in and around London, Leigh's screenplay makes art out of small-talk, as hurting people hide their pain under a veneer of everyday banter and banalities.  And it's only in rare moments that those true feelings rise to the surface and manifest themselves for all to see.  That seems to be the view of life put forth in not just \\"Another Year\\" but in all of Leigh's work.the audience, and we can see why each of these individuals is emotionally drawn to them.       The flawless cast also features Oliver Maltman as Gerri and Tom's thirty-year-old son, Joe; David Bradley as Tom's recently widowed brother, Ronnie; and Martin Savage as Ronnie's ne'er-do-well son, Ronnie.     Set in and around London, Leigh's screenplay makes art out of small-talk, as hurting people hide their pain under a veneer of everyday banter and banalities.    And it's only in rare moments that those true feelings rise to the surface and manifest themselves for all to see.  That seems to be the view of life put forth in not just \\"Another Year\\" but in all of Leigh's work.
B002SRQ214|5.0|This was my 1st computer that I built by myself and could not have chosen a better processor for the money everything works great and it is blazing fast! Yes I know its alot of people who like Intel for me it  has always been AMD
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I read and tears keeps coming, I read again and water comes again from my eyes. I kept telling myself that if reading is so tough, experiencing and living thru it for 18 years must be beyond TOUGHER and I salute Jaycee for her courage and \\"do not give up\\" attitude. She  might not have gone to school but I feel that she is the most educated being I have ever heard of. Her story is an eye opener for all of us including the system which failed miserably for so many years.<br /><br />God bless her and pour happiness  in her life and i wish no precious life ever be stolen.
B0041OT9W6|5.0|absolutely amazing Anne Frank does not hold anything back i loved this book seeing the difference between anne and i i was moved by the heart an love i have more respect for people in the holocaust
B004SBQAN8|2.0|Someone described this as a poor Twilight knock-off using an alien instead of a Vampire. They nailed it! If you've over 17 this movie is not for you. If you're looking for a lot of action and great special effects this movie is not for you. If you're looking for a great sci-fi story this movie is not for you.<br /><br />However, if you're under 17 and want to oogle some \\"eye candy\\" or whatever you call it nowadays, and could care less about a story line or even acting - then this movie is for you.
0439023521|5.0|Definitely the best book of the series but all 3 are highly engaging and worth reading.  I didn't know anything about this book when I bought it, but I had heard of it and wanted a good book to put on my brand new Kindle.  I seriously could not put it down, and finished it in one day and immediately purchased the other 2 books in the trilogy.      I was surprised to find out that this was meant for kids! It is so captivating, and fairly gruesome.  Definitely the best book I have read in a long time, I would recommend this to any and everyone!
B005529BDK|5.0|Once I got used to it...very fun game...characters at the bottom are very entertaing vibrant colors...something different from other gem games<br />g2
B001N1DPDE|5.0|Well worth the price. Beefy blade.  Not heavy to carry at all. Got the micarta scales and with a little fine sanding, it looks great.  Had a issue with the sheath not snapping well, but replaced immediately by Amazon, without any questions. Real glad I got it.
B004WKOCP8|4.0|The title of this review is a lyric from the song, \\"Isadore\\", on Incubus' new album, \\"If Not Now, When?\\".  The lyric sums up where Incubus is as a band five years removed since their last album, \\"Light Grenades\\".    Before the release of 'INNW', lead singer Brandon Boyd said/warned fans the album was going to be different from their previous work. Boyd is correct.  Their albums cover features High Wire artist Philippe Petit, which showcases that Incubus is at a point of their career where they are walking that tight rope between their early work (\\"Fungus Amongus\\", \\"S.C.I.E.N.C.E\\", \\"Make Yourself\\") their middle of the road work (\\"Morning View\\" and \\"A Crow Left of the Murder\\") and the path they are heading growing as artists (\\"Light Grenades\\" and now \\"If Not Now, When\\").      the album is simple and subtle but also sounds like Incubus took their favorite elements from previous albums and threw them into a blender: There are small dark brain-wrinkling guitar sounds from \\"A Crow Left of the Murder\\" (the 2nd half of \\"In the Company of Wolves\\"), glimpses of alternative sounds from \\"Morning View\\" and \\"Make Yourself\\" (with the first single \\"Adolescents\\", \\"Thieves\\" and \\"Switchblade\\"), but I'd say the bulk is surfer/trippy/Incubus love songs from \\"Morning View\\" and \\"Light Grenades\\" (with the title track, \\"If Not Now, When\\", \\"Promises, Promises\\", \\"Friends and Lovers\\", \\"Isadore\\", \\"Tomorrow's Food\\") but everything seems to have  a darker shade pulled over them. I'm not saying the album is a downer, it's just when you're used to hearing Incubus pull out the giant guitar riff they turn left and go a more mellow route.  The band still rocks when it's necessary to rock but it's just different, you know?    It's not an album that people are going to say will change the way we will listen to music forever, it sounds like an album a band got together and said this what we want make collectively.  Which should be applauded and not shunned.  Solid album, not their best, not their worst.
0553381695|5.0|Perspective:  I cannot stand television as I do not have the patience for the silliness it offers all of us.  I'm a finicky reader too, I don't waste too much time on fiction...  This series of books is probably the best I've ever read, especially in this genre (which I do not frequent).  The author is unbelievably good at his craft.  There have been times where I though his writing was getting too \\"wordy\\" and I thought to skip ahead- I did not skip and was grateful as the plot opened and included the seemingly unimportant portion I almost blew by.  Great job Mr. George RR Martin!!!      PS Apparently there are a number of other books outside this series which are equally great.
0064410935|5.0|After reading Charlotte's Web by E.B. White, I know I would be very excited to use this book in a third grade classroom. The book takes place in a rural town on a farm, and goes through the adventure of a pig named Wilbur and his friends. Wilbur, who was the runt of his litter, makes many friends, most notably, a spider named Charlotte who makes it her mission to save Wilbur from his fate of being butchered. All of the friends Wilbur makes on the farm; the geese, the sheep, and a sneaky rat, each play a vital role in Wilbur's life and ultimately if he is guaranteed to a full and satisfying life as a farm pig. I feel as though this book is full of meaningful morals and is appropriate reading material to be used in a classroom setting. Students can make connections to the text in terms of friendship, animal loving, life and death, and imagination. This book can also be tied to other subjects lessons such as a science lesson on the anatomy and life of spiders. It uses mature vocabulary to describe the parts of a spider, the life span of a spider, and reproduction of spiders. By bringing in a fantasy book for the children, such as Charlotte's Web, children are able to develop and expand their imagination in a fun, safe, and believable manner that is key to social and academic development.
159420229X|4.0|I thought this book would give a bit more of how to increase your memory instead of letting you know it can be done.  I am almost through it and have enjoyed the book and it has prompted to be seek more info on remembering things important to me.
0670022411|5.0|The is the best book I have read in a long time.  I never lost interest throughout the whole book.  I am awaiting a second book from this writer.[[ASIN:0670022411 A Discovery of Witches: A Novel]]
B004FOA84A|4.0|I loved this game and the graphics were completed nicely. Not  5 stars because game was completed within couple hours. :( Still definitely worth it.
B004EPZ07K|2.0|For those of you wanting a review from a Green Lantern fan, here I go:<br /><br />The film was okay. But just okay. After seeing it, you have to wonder when you're handling an intellectual property revolving around creativity and imagination, why wasn't more of that injected into the project? Was the director just not up to properly conveying just how large-scale this movie could be? Should have they have just threw a bunch of money at Geoff Johns to write the movie instead of getting a bunch of guys together to see if they could imitate what he's done to make Green Lantern so popular over the last several years? Did they not have to budget to do what they should have, which was to break from the superhero staple of a love interest and set this movie almost entirely in space as Hal learns to sling the green?<br /><br />I'm sure the answers to these questions are known to some already or will come out following the film's release, but for whatever reason, I find it hard to imagine a GL fan would say this movie lives up to its potential. Here are some of the reasons why the film missed the mark:<br /><br />  *Blake Lively was positively wooden save for maybe one scene.<br />  *Hal's time exploring the capabilities of the ring and training on Oa was too brief.<br />  *There's no memorable musical score to go along with the character.<br />  *The CGI of organic creatures was off and felt sub-standard, as if whichever company behind it didn't really take pride in their work.<br />  *The relationship between Hal and Sinestro isn't explored enough, and overall Sinestro wasn't given enough screentime, certainly not enough to demonstrate his motivations for doing what he does in the stinger.<br />  *The action was a bit too brief and the big bad is defeated too easily.<br />  *There were no stand-outs acting-wise.<br />  *There's no real personal beef between the main villain and Hal, so there's little emotional weight to their fight.<br /><br />It's certainly disappointing if you're a GL fan and if you realize how much better it could have been if they'd gone a different way with it or gotten the money and creative team to take pride in the movie rather than simply throw a DC superhero movie out there just to show they're making an effort (albeit minimal) in the comic book big screen battle.<br /><br />I wish I could give it a 2.5/5-Star review because this movie was so middle-of-the-road, but the more I think about this movie, the more I realize how disappointing the experience was, when it should be the other way around, so I'm going to have to round down on this one.r it could have been if they'd gone a different way with it or gotten the money and creative team to take pride in the movie rather than simply throw a DC superhero movie out there just to show they're making an effort (albeit minimal) in the comic book big screen battle.    I wish I could give it a 2.5/5-Star review because this movie was so middle-of-the-road, but the more I think about this movie, the more I realize how disappointing the experience was, when it should be the other way around, so I'm going to have to round down on this one.
0425241505|5.0|This is a debut Urban Fantasy series.  I was very pleased with the book.  It was well written and the main character was very believable.  Unlike most cookie cutter UF heroines, Pia was not all powerful and not brave beyond words.  She wasn't certain of anything except her ability to escape.  Her wardrobe wasn't black, black, and more black.  She wasn't a weapons expert, she wasn't a powerful witch, and she didn't magically develop new powers each chapter.  She was a young woman in a situation not of her making who managed to win the heart of the hero and have a happily ever after.      The book is humorous, with scary parts and laugh out loud parts.  I will be reading the next book in the series.
0345522478|5.0|This review is for the entire series, it's outstanding.  no spoilers.    If you know the Tempe, AZ area it will be that much more of a thrill.  The Author is not lying when they say Rula Bula has the best fish and chips.    The series had me hooked from the first 10 pages.
B003Y5H556|3.0|Even the normally excellent Gary Oldman seems a little off in this rather tired semi-remake of the fairy tale, which visits the Twilight and Potter franchises on the way to grandma's house in hopes of spawning a sequel or three. I'm surprised they didn't work a vampire in here somewhere, actually.<br /><br />Oh well. It looks pretty good, though when will \\"winter\\" movies ever realize that real snow comes with frosty breathing, not invisible breaths? They spent enough on CGI here, so follow through already! But good looks do not a fine flick make, and though there are some decent moments here, and not too much bad acting, there's also not very much great acting or great lines or great anything.<br /><br />Late at night while falling asleep, this might be just the ticket. Otherwise, not so much.<br /><br />And geez, 26 clams for this weak effort on BD? Just goes to prove that the real wolves are in the Dark, Dark Woods of Hollywood! Beware, young damsels: they only want your money...
B003Q6D25U|5.0|I purchased this movie to go along with my new  Sony Bluray DVD player. In my personal opinion, part one was alot scarier, but this one was pretty decent as well. If you are able to play Bluray DVD's this flick is well worth it!
B0034G4P80|5.0|Thor is an origin story, with all the baggage that comes along with that, but it manages to do it's job.  It's a fun movie, and a great worthy intro to the characters.
1400032717|4.0|Wow, loved this book! Such an interesting and different POV (an autistic teenage boy). I loved getting into Christopher's mind, it was really unique. I would've given this book 4.5 stars but didn't like the way his parents treated him.
1439116881|4.0|The touching story of a Harvard professor of psych who becomes the victim of Alzheimer's disease.  Very accurate and moving. Good read for one who's family is affected by this increasingly common disease.  I was a little annoyed by how much emphasis was placed on the Harvard University culture, but still enjoyed it very much
B0025UHKNS|3.0|I have only used this product all of 3 times now.  This product is as expected.  It does what it says it will.  Acquisition of satellites is pretty fast, in my limited experience.  It took probably less than one minute to find satellites today on a sunny day.      The watch itself comes with a plastic strap, but also comes with a velcro strap you can use instead.  Charger comes with a lot of extra adapters, presumably for use in other countries.  When I run, it is not for long distance--a mile here or there.  Doing so, the battery easily lasts days.    The watch is slightly bigger than a normal watch, which is expected.  But given the contours of the watch, it is hardly noticeable.    I am satisfied with the purchase and would buy again.    The only problems I have is that there were more functions than I thought, honestly.  More likely, I didn't read the instructions carefully enough.  I find the functions a little hard to use.  Again, I've only used it 3 times, but I've ONLY ever used it for time and distance.  I do not use other functions.      I did use the heart rate monitor once.  The included strap goes around your chest obviously.  My frame is small - average.  I wear a size 38 suit.  I wore the chest strap at nearly it's tightest configuration, and it fit well.  It looks to expand another foot in circumference.  If that doesn't sound big enough, no worries--it's all elastic and should accommodate most people.  Chest strap includes battery.    However, function was problematic.  Either I'm is poor physical condition or the biometrics I entered were way off.  In any event, the watch annoyingly sounded an alarm the second I started WALKING.  My cardio isn't great, but I'm pretty sure I wasn't exerting myself.  Potentially user error, or the limits of what the watch thought were normal are way off.  I had to deactivate the heart rate monitor for my run, because it would have alarmed the entire time!
B002ZG99TA|5.0|Not a deep thought provoking film but a good watch nonetheless. The film moves along well and the action is believable.
B00501X6YG|4.0|\\"You'll see perpetual change...\\"<br /><br />In 2008, Yes vocalist Jon Anderson found himself ill and unable to tour for quite some time. The remaining band members decided to continue onward, hiring Yes tribute singer (with some prog cred in Canadian band Mystery) Benoit David. Able to capture Anderson's high-vocaled tenor quite well in concert, things went as well as could be hoped for as Yes toured for the next few years. Rick Wakeman had also departed again during this period (for the, um, 5th time), and his son Oliver took over on keyboards.<br /><br />Yes has always been, from the very first departure of Peter Banks in 1970, a revolving door of players. We all have our favorite albums and lineups, but what always baffled me was seeing/hearing comments by various fans who<br />cannot seem to ever accept what is right in front of them, here and now.<br /><br />Maybe I am just less biased, having discovered Yes as recently as 1998, and I wasn't overexposed towards one particular band member or sound. My first Yes albums that I purchased that summer covered the span from the late 60s to the 90s, so I became a pluralist early on.<br /><br />One of my early favorites was Drama. I paid $ 1.99 for an old beat up cassette of it at a used record store, and I'll never forget the first time I heard \\"Into The Lens\\" as I played it in the car. There was so much darkness, sadness, and emotion in the song. At the time, I had no idea who was singing or playing...to me it was just amazing prog music, and I accepted it at face value.<br /><br />I quickly formed an emotional connection to Drama, and while I also loved 90125, Close To The Edge, Talk, and countless other albums, I never understood the absolute rancor and negativity towards it. Especially coming as it does after Tormato (which has far fewer good songs, and perhaps Wakeman's ugliest keyboard tones, and Jon Anderson's weakest singing and lyrics up to that point), I couldn't see how anyone could comparitively dislike it.<br /><br />Everytime I saw Yes tour, I hoped and prayed, but they never played anything from the album (aside from maybe a quick snippet of \\"Tempus Fugit\\" during the \\"Whitefish\\" solo.) I never had the chance to ask Jon Anderson about it, but whenever I would bring it up at band signings to Alan White or Chris Squire, I would get an embarassed grin and some half-mumbled comment. It was like a kid asking for a toy, and a parent saying \\"someday\\", which really was a subtext for \\"never.\\"<br /><br />As luck would have it, not only would Yes start performing Drama material again on recent post-Anderson tours (\\"Machine Messiah\\" and \\"Tempus Fugit\\"), but Oliver Wakeman was unceremoniously dropped, and Geoff Downes -- my favorite keyboard player, Buggle extraordinaire, and Asia flame-keeper -- would rejoin the band for the first time in 30 years.<br /><br />With Drama-era singer Trevor Horn producing (himself famously responsible for producing 90125 and Big Generator in the 80s, which kickstarted Yes into a whole new fanbase), Fly From Here suddenly sounded very exciting...<br /><br />Regarding the split of Anderson and Wakeman...I will always enjoy their music, and their hugely important contributions to Yes. But they alone are not Yes. And quite frankly, much of their solo work bores me. I wish them the best, and I am excited about their project with Trevor Rabin for 2012, but I am objectively critical of their supposedly god-like status in Yes.<br /><br />Wakeman hasn't had a single tasteful keyboard patch since 1972 (his playing is unvarnished thankfully), and Anderson's singing and lyrics (despite many exceptions along the way), hasn't done much for me in almost as long.<br /><br />Now, onto the music...<br /><br />\\"Fly From Here\\" is the album's 20+ minute title track, broken down into smaller sections. Beginning softly (and with a piano motif that almost brings to mind \\"White Car\\"), we launch into \\"Overture\\". Perhaps the highlight of the album for me, this is Yes at their epic best, firing on all cylinders. Piano is mixed with sighing 80s-style synth, and reverbed triggered drum effects create a forward movement as Chris Squire's chunky, thumping bass keeps a steady pulse. Right away it is clear that Trevor Horn's production has treated us to the best-sounding Yes album in quite some years, as far as clarity and space between instruments and vocals.<br /><br />This intro smoothly transitions into \\"We Can Fly\\". Written in 1980 by Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes just prior to the Drama sessions, it was demoed and played live on the subsequent tour. Heard for many years on various bootleg recordings (and finally given an official release in 2005 on the boxed set The Word Is Live), it was introduced onstage as being \\"on the followup to Drama\\", which was ostensibly planned for 1981. This Yes lineup dissapated, however, and interestingly enough...30 years later...things have come full circle, and you could very well describe Fly From Here as that followup album, seeing as how it has 4/5ths of the Drama lineup, and with Trevor Horn as a primary influence in the writing and recording.<br /><br />\\"We Can Fly\\" has beautiful keyboard and piano melodies, and the harmony vocals are gorgeous. New vocalist Benoit David asserts himself wonderfully, somewhat surprisingly sounding less like Jon Anderson and a bit more like Trevor Horn (more Parallels!)<br /><br />\\"Sad Night at the Airfield\\" (previously heard as a shorter demo by The Buggles) begins with some somber acoustic guitar by Steve Howe. It explodes with melody as the line \\"...Of air, that clouds in the night as we breathe.\\" This is one of the most gorgeous moments on the album, as the old Drama elements resurface again (Squire's bass, and Downes' old Fairlight keyboard.)  This section is the highlight of the album for me, as the next verse brings everything a step higher, Howe joins in on pedal steel, and the vocals and keyboards reach a crescendo of esquisite beauty.<br /><br />This is one of those stamped and trademarked \\"Yes moments\\", akin to the musical peaks found in \\"And You And I\\", \\"The Revealing Science of God\\", \\"Endless Dream\\", or \\"Awaken.\\"<br /><br />We return to the original piano motif as we explode into \\"Madman at the Screens\\", which is basically the \\"Overture\\" extended with more instrumentation and lyrics. The music is joyful, bouncy, and dramatic, as it moves between the dynamics of darkness and beauty. The overall structure is very pop-oriented, and the little xylophone-type keyboard tones unconciously make me recall the best moments of ABBA. Near the end of the song, some classic Hammond organ joins in. And is that a Taurus bass pedal I hear?<br /><br />\\"Bumpy Ride\\" comes next, perhaps the most \\"oddball\\" moment in the suite. This has a strong Howe influence in the bouncy, quirky playing and guitar tone, and subtly reminds me of something that might have been heard on his<br />first two solo albums. A fun mostly instrumental segment, it again moves from light to shade and back again. I'm very much also reminded of a sound that could have come from the Tormato album.<br /><br />With a sudden changeover (almost too unexpected and odd, IMO) \\"We Can Fly - Reprise\\" ends the song suite as it began. Although not the most climactic ending on a Yes epic, it gets the job done.<br /><br />\\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a good mid-tempo ballad, which grows on me more with each listen. Chris Squire handles the lead on this, and his vocals have always been underrated in the Yes recipe, as far as I'm concerned. This song is reminiscent of material on his 1975 solo album Fish Out Of Water, again recalling the past...<br /><br />\\"Life On A Film Set\\" is classic symphonic prog. The beginning of the song is highly similiar to any number of acoustic ballads to be found on the early albums by Yes, King Crimson, or ELP. The production and sound gets<br />more dense as it moves forward, moving from moody balladry to bouncy and joyful moments. When I sit back and objectively pay attention to all of the song elements, it really captures the Yes that I know and love so<br />well. A bouncy, fun, beautifully-layered song as only they could do it.<br /><br />\\"Hour of Need\\" is classic Steve Howe again, featuring his Porteguese guitar, which brings back memories of \\"I've Seen All Good People\\", \\"Wonderous Stories\\", \\"Sketches In The Sun\\", and \\"Nine Voices.\\" The harmony vocals are (again) gorgeous, and the moog keyboards join in tastefully here and there. This is Classic Yes, in the wonderful tradition of Fragile and Going For The One.<br /><br />\\"Solitaire\\" is an acoustic guitar piece, this time featuring Steve by himself. Howe's solo moments are always tasteful, refined, quirky, and reflective, and this one is no exception. This is very much in the same<br />ouvre as \\"Mood For A Day\\" and \\"Masquerade.\\"<br /><br />\\"Into The Storm\\" features songwriting contributions from all band members, and again with the bubbly bass guitar, piano, harmonies, and keyboards, sounds like something from the 1977-80 period. An upbeat, positive ending to the album.<br /><br />As far as individual contributions, I would say that Squire's bass-playing and singing is top-notch as it has been for ages, Steve Howe sounds very refined, fiery and confidant (see what health food and meditation can do for you, kids?), and Geoff Downes does a good simple job of bringing in his poppy, quirky Buggles keyboards, while still retaining the classic Yes motifs of mini-moog, Hammond, and mellotron. Only Alan White (on drums) sounds a little subdued, but he has a few interesting textural shuffles and grooves.<br /><br />Overall, I think it is fair to say that Fly From Here is the (overall) best Yes album since 90125, and slightly edges out ahead of The Ladder, which (especially in retrospect) was quite amazing itself. It certainly sounds like the followup to Drama (in some parallel universe 1981.) Let's call it Drama 2.0.<br /><br />\\"One word can bring you 'round...changes.\\"<br /><br />Yes will always be different things to different people. Its overall dynamic is sort of like a diamond...there are a lot of rough edges and dark spots, but turn it around slightly and you will see joyful, crystalline moments as well. To me, it's always been about the message of positivity, relationships, love, and change. Being truly progressive; trying new things, new approaches, new styles. Mixing some Indian raga with some country music. Some techno-pop with some arena rock. Some church choirs with some classical granduer.<br /><br />I am just extremely tired of how the band and their legacy have carried onward through the years. The group spent so many years chasing hit singles after the success of \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart\\", and became blinded by management, technology, and money. Relations broke down, factions formed, and no one seemed to know how to capture the original band spirit of five guys sitting in a living room or barn, and just brainstorming and writing some music together on a set of drums, piano and acoustic guitar. Yes unconciously stopped believing in themselves, and the fans followed suit. When in doubt, keep it simple. And just do it.<br /><br />Fly From Here is a fantastic album, and a great reminder of sounds and places that remind you of a distant past, while still looking over that distant horizon. Remember...We can fly...God\\", \\"Endless Dream\\", or \\"Awaken.\\"    We return to the original piano motif as we explode into \\"Madman at the Screens\\", which is basically the \\"Overture\\" extended with more instrumentation and lyrics. The music is joyful, bouncy, and dramatic, as it moves between the dynamics of darkness and beauty. The overall structure is very pop-oriented, and the little xylophone-type keyboard tones unconciously make me recall the best moments of ABBA. Near the end of the song, some classic Hammond organ joins in. And is that a Taurus bass pedal I hear?    \\"Bumpy Ride\\" comes next, perhaps the most \\"oddball\\" moment in the suite. This has a strong Howe influence in the bouncy, quirky playing and guitar tone, and subtly reminds me of something that might have been heard on his   first two solo albums. A fun mostly instrumental segment, it again moves from light to shade and back again. I'm very much also reminded of a sound that could have come from the Tormato album.    With a sudden changeover (almost too unexpected and odd, IMO) \\"We Can Fly - Reprise\\" ends the song suite as it began. Although not the most climactic ending on a Yes epic, it gets the job done.    \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a good mid-tempo ballad, which grows on me more with each listen. Chris Squire handles the lead on this, and his vocals have always been underrated in the Yes recipe, as far as I'm concerned. This song is reminiscent of material on his 1975 solo album Fish Out Of Water, again recalling the past...    \\"Life On A Film Set\\" is classic symphonic prog. The beginning of the song is highly similiar to any number of acoustic ballads to be found on the early albums by Yes, King Crimson, or ELP. The production and sound gets   more dense as it moves forward, moving from moody balladry to bouncy and joyful moments. When I sit back and objectively pay attention to all of the song elements, it really captures the Yes that I know and love so   well. A bouncy, fun, beautifully-layered song as only they could do it.    \\"Hour of Need\\" is classic Steve Howe again, featuring his Porteguese guitar, which brings back memories of \\"I've Seen All Good People\\", \\"Wonderous Stories\\", \\"Sketches In The Sun\\", and \\"Nine Voices.\\" The harmony vocals are (again) gorgeous, and the moog keyboards join in tastefully here and there. This is Classic Yes, in the wonderful tradition of Fragile and Going For The One.    \\"Solitaire\\" is an acoustic guitar piece, this time featuring Steve by himself. Howe's solo moments are always tasteful, refined, quirky, and reflective, and this one is no exception. This is very much in the same   ouvre as \\"Mood For A Day\\" and \\"Masquerade.\\"    \\"Into The Storm\\" features songwriting contributions from all band members, and again with the bubbly bass guitar, piano, harmonies, and keyboards, sounds like something from the 1977-80 period. An upbeat, positive ending to the album.    As far as individual contributions, I would say that Squire's bass-playing and singing is top-notch as it has been for ages, Steve Howe sounds very refined, fiery and confidant (see what health food and meditation can do for you, kids?), and Geoff Downes does a good simple job of bringing in his poppy, quirky Buggles keyboards, while still retaining the classic Yes motifs of mini-moog, Hammond, and mellotron. Only Alan White (on drums) sounds a little subdued, but he has a few interesting textural shuffles and grooves.    Overall, I think it is fair to say that Fly From Here is the (overall) best Yes album since 90125, and slightly edges out ahead of The Ladder, which (especially in retrospect) was quite amazing itself. It certainly sounds like the followup to Drama (in some parallel universe 1981.) Let's call it Drama 2.0.    \\"One word can bring you 'round...changes.\\"    Yes will always be different things to different people. Its overall dynamic is sort of like a diamond...there are a lot of rough edges and dark spots, but turn it around slightly and you will see joyful, crystalline moments as well. To me, it's always been about the message of positivity, relationships, love, and change. Being truly progressive; trying new things, new approaches, new styles. Mixing some Indian raga with some country music. Some techno-pop with some arena rock. Some church choirs with some classical granduer.     I am just extremely tired of how the band and their legacy have carried onward through the years. The group spent so many years chasing hit singles after the success of \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart\\", and became blinded by management, technology, and money. Relations broke down, factions formed, and no one seemed to know how to capture the original band spirit of five guys sitting in a living room or barn, and just brainstorming and writing some music together on a set of drums, piano and acoustic guitar. Yes unconciously stopped believing in themselves, and the fans followed suit. When in doubt, keep it simple. And just do it.    Fly From Here is a fantastic album, and a great reminder of sounds and places that remind you of a distant past, while still looking over that distant horizon. Remember...We can fly...
B002ZG99QS|4.0|As with many sequels this one falls a little short of the original. Although the special effects have been upgraded, this is no more than the minimum expected. That being said, it is still an enjoyable film that holds the viewer's attention.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|\\"You'll see perpetual change...\\"<br /><br />In 2008, Yes vocalist Jon Anderson found himself ill and unable to tour for quite some time. The remaining band members decided to continue onward, hiring Yes tribute singer (with some prog cred in Canadian band Mystery) Benoit David. Able to capture Anderson's high-vocaled tenor quite well in concert, things went as well as could be hoped for as Yes toured for the next few years. Rick Wakeman had also departed again during this period (for the, um, 5th time), and his son Oliver took over on keyboards.<br /><br />Yes has always been, from the very first departure of Peter Banks in 1970, a revolving door of players. We all have our favorite albums and lineups, but what always baffled me was seeing/hearing comments by various fans who<br />cannot seem to ever accept what is right in front of them, here and now.<br /><br />Maybe I am just less biased, having discovered Yes as recently as 1998, and I wasn't overexposed towards one particular band member or sound. My first Yes albums that I purchased that summer covered the span from the late 60s to the 90s, so I became a pluralist early on.<br /><br />One of my early favorites was Drama. I paid $ 1.99 for an old beat up cassette of it at a used record store, and I'll never forget the first time I heard \\"Into The Lens\\" as I played it in the car. There was so much darkness, sadness, and emotion in the song. At the time, I had no idea who was singing or playing...to me it was just amazing prog music, and I accepted it at face value.<br /><br />I quickly formed an emotional connection to Drama, and while I also loved 90125, Close To The Edge, Talk, and countless other albums, I never understood the absolute rancor and negativity towards it. Especially coming as it does after Tormato (which has far fewer good songs, and perhaps Wakeman's ugliest keyboard tones, and Jon Anderson's weakest singing and lyrics up to that point), I couldn't see how anyone could comparitively dislike it.<br /><br />Everytime I saw Yes tour, I hoped and prayed, but they never played anything from the album (aside from maybe a quick snippet of \\"Tempus Fugit\\" during the \\"Whitefish\\" solo.) I never had the chance to ask Jon Anderson about it, but whenever I would bring it up at band signings to Alan White or Chris Squire, I would get an embarassed grin and some half-mumbled comment. It was like a kid asking for a toy, and a parent saying \\"someday\\", which really was a subtext for \\"never.\\"<br /><br />As luck would have it, not only would Yes start performing Drama material again on recent post-Anderson tours (\\"Machine Messiah\\" and \\"Tempus Fugit\\"), but Oliver Wakeman was unceremoniously dropped, and Geoff Downes -- my favorite keyboard player, Buggle extraordinaire, and Asia flame-keeper -- would rejoin the band for the first time in 30 years.<br /><br />With Drama-era singer Trevor Horn producing (himself famously responsible for producing 90125 and Big Generator in the 80s, which kickstarted Yes into a whole new fanbase), Fly From Here suddenly sounded very exciting...<br /><br />Regarding the split of Anderson and Wakeman...I will always enjoy their music, and their hugely important contributions to Yes. But they alone are not Yes. And quite frankly, much of their solo work bores me. I wish them the best, and I am excited about their project with Trevor Rabin for 2012, but I am objectively critical of their supposedly god-like status in Yes.<br /><br />Wakeman hasn't had a single tasteful keyboard patch since 1972 (his playing is unvarnished thankfully), and Anderson's singing and lyrics (despite many exceptions along the way), hasn't done much for me in almost as long.<br /><br />Now, onto the music...<br /><br />\\"Fly From Here\\" is the album's 20+ minute title track, broken down into smaller sections. Beginning softly (and with a piano motif that almost brings to mind \\"White Car\\"), we launch into \\"Overture\\". Perhaps the highlight of the album for me, this is Yes at their epic best, firing on all cylinders. Piano is mixed with sighing 80s-style synth, and reverbed triggered drum effects create a forward movement as Chris Squire's chunky, thumping bass keeps a steady pulse. Right away it is clear that Trevor Horn's production has treated us to the best-sounding Yes album in quite some years, as far as clarity and space between instruments and vocals.<br /><br />This intro smoothly transitions into \\"We Can Fly\\". Written in 1980 by Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes just prior to the Drama sessions, it was demoed and played live on the subsequent tour. Heard for many years on various bootleg recordings (and finally given an official release in 2005 on the boxed set The Word Is Live), it was introduced onstage as being \\"on the followup to Drama\\", which was ostensibly planned for 1981. This Yes lineup dissapated, however, and interestingly enough...30 years later...things have come full circle, and you could very well describe Fly From Here as that followup album, seeing as how it has 4/5ths of the Drama lineup, and with Trevor Horn as a primary influence in the writing and recording.<br /><br />\\"We Can Fly\\" has beautiful keyboard and piano melodies, and the harmony vocals are gorgeous. New vocalist Benoit David asserts himself wonderfully, somewhat surprisingly sounding less like Jon Anderson and a bit more like Trevor Horn (more Parallels!)<br /><br />\\"Sad Night at the Airfield\\" (previously heard as a shorter demo by The Buggles) begins with some somber acoustic guitar by Steve Howe. It explodes with melody as the line \\"...Of air, that clouds in the night as we breathe.\\" This is one of the most gorgeous moments on the album, as the old Drama elements resurface again (Squire's bass, and Downes' old Fairlight keyboard.) This section is the highlight of the album for me, as the next verse brings everything a step higher, Howe joins in on pedal steel, and the vocals and keyboards reach a crescendo of esquisite beauty.<br /><br />This is one of those stamped and trademarked \\"Yes moments\\", akin to the musical peaks found in \\"And You And I\\", \\"The Revealing Science of God\\", \\"Endless Dream\\", or \\"Awaken.\\"<br /><br />We return to the original piano motif as we explode into \\"Madman at the Screens\\", which is basically the \\"Overture\\" extended with more instrumentation and lyrics. The music is joyful, bouncy, and dramatic, as it moves between the dynamics of darkness and beauty. The overall structure is very pop-oriented, and the little xylophone-type keyboard tones unconciously make me recall the best moments of ABBA. Near the end of the song, some classic Hammond organ joins in. And is that a Taurus bass pedal I hear?<br /><br />\\"Bumpy Ride\\" comes next, perhaps the most \\"oddball\\" moment in the suite. This has a strong Howe influence in the bouncy, quirky playing and guitar tone, and subtly reminds me of something that might have been heard on his<br />first two solo albums. A fun mostly instrumental segment, it again moves from light to shade and back again. I'm very much also reminded of a sound that could have come from the Tormato album.<br /><br />With a sudden changeover (almost too unexpected and odd, IMO) \\"We Can Fly - Reprise\\" ends the song suite as it began. Although not the most climactic ending on a Yes epic, it gets the job done.<br /><br />\\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a good mid-tempo ballad, which grows on me more with each listen. Chris Squire handles the lead on this, and his vocals have always been underrated in the Yes recipe, as far as I'm concerned. This song is reminiscent of material on his 1975 solo album Fish Out Of Water, again recalling the past...<br /><br />\\"Life On A Film Set\\" is classic symphonic prog. The beginning of the song is highly similiar to any number of acoustic ballads to be found on the early albums by Yes, King Crimson, or ELP. The production and sound gets<br />more dense as it moves forward, moving from moody balladry to bouncy and joyful moments. When I sitback and objectively pay attention to all of the song elements, it really captures the Yes that I know and love so<br />well. A bouncy, fun, beautifully-layered song as only they could do it.<br /><br />\\"Hour of Need\\" is classic Steve Howe again, featuring his Porteguese guitar, which brings back memories of \\"I've Seen All Good People\\", \\"Wonderous Stories\\", \\"Sketches In The Sun\\", and \\"Nine Voices.\\" The harmony vocals are (again) gorgeous, and the moog keyboards join in tastefully here and there. This is Classic Yes, in the wonderful tradition of Fragile and Going For The One.<br /><br />\\"Solitaire\\" is an acoustic guitar piece, this time featuring Steve by himself. Howe's solo moments are always tasteful, refined, quirky, and reflective, and this one is no exception. This is very much in the same<br />ouvre as \\"Mood For A Day\\" and \\"Masquerade.\\"<br /><br />\\"Into The Storm\\" features songwriting contributions from all band members, and again with the bubbly bass guitar, piano, harmonies, and keyboards, sounds like something from the 1977-80 period. An upbeat, positive ending to the album.<br /><br />As far as individual contributions, I would say that Squire's bass-playing and singing is top-notch as it has been for ages, Steve Howe sounds very refined, fiery and confidant (see what health food and meditation can do for you, kids?), and Geoff Downes does a good simple job of bringing in his poppy, quirky Buggles keyboards, while still retaining the classic Yes motifs of mini-moog, Hammond, and mellotron. Only Alan White (on drums) sounds a little subdued, but he has a few interesting textural shuffles and grooves.<br /><br />Overall, I think it is fair to say that Fly From Here is the (overall) best Yes album since 90125, and slightly edges out ahead of The Ladder, which (especially in retrospect) was quite amazing itself. It certainly sounds like the followup to Drama (in some parallel universe 1981.) Let's call it Drama 2.0.<br /><br />\\"One word can bring you 'round...changes.\\"<br /><br />Yes will always be different things to different people. Its overall dynamic is sort of like a diamond...there are a lot of rough edges and dark spots, but turn it around slightly and you will see joyful, crystalline moments as well. To me, it's always been about the message of positivity, relationships, love, and change. Being truly progressive; trying new things, new approaches, new styles. Mixing some Indian raga with some country music. Some techno-pop with some arena rock. Some church choirs with some classical granduer.<br /><br />I am just extremely tired of how the band and their legacy have carried onward through the years. The group spent so many years chasing hit singles after the success of \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart\\", and became blinded by management, technology, and money. Relations broke down, factions formed, and no one seemed to know how to capture the original band spirit of five guys sitting in a living room or barn, and just brainstorming and writing some music together on a set of drums, piano and acoustic guitar. Yes unconciously stopped believing in themselves, and the fans followed suit. When in doubt, keep it simple. And just do it.<br /><br />Fly From Here is a fantastic album, and a great reminder of sounds and places that remind you of a distant past, while still looking over that distant horizon. Remember...We can fly...ndless Dream\\", or \\"Awaken.\\"    We return to the original piano motif as we explode into \\"Madman at the Screens\\", which is basically the \\"Overture\\" extended with more instrumentation and lyrics. The music is joyful, bouncy, and dramatic, as it moves between the dynamics of darkness and beauty. The overall structure is very pop-oriented, and the little xylophone-type keyboard tones unconciously make me recall the best moments of ABBA. Near the end of the song, some classic Hammond organ joins in. And is that a Taurus bass pedal I hear?    \\"Bumpy Ride\\" comes next, perhaps the most \\"oddball\\" moment in the suite. This has a strong Howe influence in the bouncy, quirky playing and guitar tone, and subtly reminds me of something that might have been heard on his  first two solo albums. A fun mostly instrumental segment, it again moves from light to shade and back again. I'm very much also reminded of a sound that could have come from the Tormato album.    With a sudden changeover (almost too unexpected and odd, IMO) \\"We Can Fly - Reprise\\" ends the song suite as it began. Although not the most climactic ending on a Yes epic, it gets the job done.    \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a good mid-tempo ballad, which grows on me more with each listen. Chris Squire handles the lead on this, and his vocals have always been underrated in the Yes recipe, as far as I'm concerned. This song is reminiscent of material on his 1975 solo album Fish Out Of Water, again recalling the past...    \\"Life On A Film Set\\" is classic symphonic prog. The beginning of the song is highly similiar to any number of acoustic ballads to be found on the early albums by Yes, King Crimson, or ELP. The production and sound gets  more dense as it moves forward, moving from moody balladry to bouncy and joyful moments. When I sit back and objectively pay attention to all of the song elements, it really captures the Yes that I know and love so  well. A bouncy, fun, beautifully-layered song as only they could do it.    \\"Hour of Need\\" is classic Steve Howe again, featuring his Porteguese guitar, which brings back memories of \\"I've Seen All Good People\\", \\"Wonderous Stories\\", \\"Sketches In The Sun\\", and \\"Nine Voices.\\" The harmony vocals are (again) gorgeous, and the moog keyboards join in tastefully here and there. This is Classic Yes, in the wonderful tradition of Fragile and Going For The One.    \\"Solitaire\\" is an acoustic guitar piece, this time featuring Steve by himself. Howe's solo moments are always tasteful, refined, quirky, and reflective, and this one is no exception. This is very much in the same  ouvre as \\"Mood For A Day\\" and \\"Masquerade.\\"    \\"Into The Storm\\" features songwriting contributions from all band members, and again with the bubbly bass guitar, piano, harmonies, and keyboards, sounds like something from the 1977-80 period. An upbeat, positive ending to the album.    As far as individual contributions, I would say that Squire's bass-playing and singing is top-notch as it has been for ages, Steve Howe sounds very refined, fiery and confidant (see what health food and meditation can do for you, kids?), and Geoff Downes does a good simple job of bringing in his poppy, quirky Buggles keyboards, while still retaining the classic Yes motifs of mini-moog, Hammond, and mellotron. Only Alan White (on drums) sounds a little subdued, but he has a few interesting textural shuffles and grooves.    Overall, I think it is fair to say that Fly From Here is the (overall) best Yes album since 90125, and slightly edges out ahead of The Ladder, which (especially in retrospect) was quite amazing itself. It certainly sounds like the followup to Drama (in some parallel universe 1981.) Let's call it Drama 2.0.    \\"One word can bring you 'round...changes.\\"    Yes will always be different things to different people. Its overall dynamic is sort of like a diamond...there are a lot of rough edges and dark spots, but turn it around slightly and you will see joyful, crystalline moments as well. To me, it's always been about the message of positivity, relationships, love, and change. Being truly progressive; trying new things, new approaches, new styles. Mixing some Indian raga with some country music. Some techno-pop with some arena rock. Some church choirs with some classical granduer.    I am just extremely tired of how the band and their legacy have carried onward through the years. The group spent so many years chasing hit singles after the success of \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart\\", and became blinded by management, technology, and money. Relations broke down, factions formed, and no one seemed to know how to capture the original band spirit of five guys sitting in a living room or barn, and just brainstorming and writing some music together on a set of drums, piano and acoustic guitar. Yes unconciously stopped believing in themselves, and the fans followed suit. When in doubt, keep it simple. And just do it.    Fly From Here is a fantastic album, and a great reminder of sounds and places that remind you of a distant past, while still looking over that distant horizon. Remember...We can fly...
B0042816YK|3.0|Much has been said about this movie not being nearly as good as the book, and that is all nonsense.  The book is a monologue and since when have you gone to the cinema to see a movie with almost no dialogue, just one person talking?  Would you really want to watch a woman in the midst of a nervous breakdown, constantly screaming and weeping, all \\"ME ME ME, WHY ME\\"?  Most folks would not, and would say she needed to get her act together, which is what the book is about.  The movie hardly mentions that part.   Some books, like \\"Room With A View\\" make it to the screen almost entirely intact and watching the (Merchant Ivory) movie is like seeing the beloved book brought to life.  Other books, like \\"Under The Tuscan Sun\\" end up with a movie that bears no resemblance to the book, because the book wasn't that good to begin with.  \\"Eat Pray Love\\" is something else.  Bits and pieces of the book are cherry picked and a movie was made, with characters invented to give a home to parts of the monologue now repurposed as dialogue.  Almost nothing in the movie happens in the way it was written in the book, but we get an entertaining romantic comedy with some spiritual mumbo-jumbo, and without all the gut wrenching self loathing, and mental melt down.      We also get some fairly gorgeous cinematography, particularly in the Italy and Bali sections.      Unfortunately, it seems that quite a bit of the film ended up on the editing room floor which makes some parts of the film seem like they need a bit more explaining, something that is far more clear if you've read the book, but not essential to the enjoyment of this film.    I have now enjoyed the book, and will still enjoy the movie as I found it, a romantic comedy/a \\"chick flick\\".  To all those who are hysterical that we didn't get a film about a neurotic, screaming, control freak alternately discovering the pleasures of the world and how to actually live in it I say, Bah.  Bah!
B0058FOB2K|5.0|Love the album.  Her voice is so beautiful.  Favorite songs (at the moment) are:  I miss you, La di Da di, Love on top, Uhh Ahh, and End of time (in no particular order).  Love it. Definitely happy I got it!
1594202710|5.0|This book is the \\"End All\\" of books on China in the American perspective.  As should be recognized by all is that Dr. Kissinger is the greatest Chinaphobe.  His understanding of this nation, and especially its worldly connection with the U.S. is evident on every page.  Reading his historical perspective of the history of China explains the complex links between the past and the ideological attitudes of China's leaders.  Everyone with an interest in China history and the interdependence with the U.S should read this masterpiece.
B00472O33M|1.0|I couldn't agree more with the negative reviews of this book: far too much on boring legal procedure, hardly any action. luckily I didn't buy the book but read it from my library (so we're talking real paper here). I used to just LOVE michael connelly, but not any more I don't. so dear michael: please return harry bosch from the brink of the grave, before he falls in forever! and give him something INTERESTING to do. I miss him terribly.
B003G4W49C|2.0|Some elements of this book were intriguing - use of genius within modern society.    Others were below cliche. The alien portrayal was one of the most ridiculous I have ever run across (really, a civilization like an ant colony that conquers galaxies?). The plot was like a balloon that burst halfway through the book - really, all the video games were real battles? And since when do adults let 10yr old geniuses determine the fate of mankind? One farce after another. And 3 genius siblings that sit around and determine the fate of the world, both militarily and politically?     In a word, this author needs lots of room to grow.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|My chargers and accessories work without taking the case off, it isn't too bulky, it looks nice and protects my phone from the usual bumps and falls.
B004WKOCP8|4.0|Its definitely not vintage Incubus, but its their best album of the last three they've released.  If Not Now, When? takes a few listens before you can really grasp what Incubus has done here.  They are telling stories this time around, and while there isn't much in the way of crashing guitars or Boyd screaming out lyrics, you get a very clean very melodic album.  It's not SCIENCE, its not Make Yourself or Morning View, but it stands on it's own as one of their better efforts.  Looking forward to seeing them live in September.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|Some books change your life.  There are two in the last couple of years that shifted the way I was thinking, and John's was one.  Simple, direct, easily articulated steps by someone who's successfully done it.  I suddenly looked at twitter and its possibilities as a possibilty for community and communication, as opposed to one more thing to strangle time.      So, as of last week, I'm now more actively on twitter, and following people from whom I've learned some new things.  I've been able to support them by \\"retweeting\\" their messages to my audience, as well.    The other book that was transforming for me?  Brooks Palmer's Clutter Busting. These books create paradigm shifts...or they did for me.
B004DLPXAO|1.0|i did have the kindle app on my htc t-mobile g1 phone and it worked great.  but now they updated and my version of android is not supported?!?!?! i bought a kindle for my daughter, but it is the last one i buy...the nook does the same thing...you lost a customer amazon
B0052UZIFA|3.0|Love the game, hate the fact that it screws up my phone. 50-60% of running this ape it will just all the sudden slow down my phone and lock it. I need to then do a battery pull or the phone will restart on me. The app is so fun but this is almost unbearable. The reason for 3 stars instead of less is for the fact that Samsung phones in general are peices of crap as a guy that works for the largest cell phone company in the USA and trouble shots these I am not surprised so I don't think it's the application fault 100%, but they could update it.  Samsung Charge
B0051OZ564|1.0|I really had been looking forward to seeing this movie. I finally get to watch it and it easily has one of the worst plots ever!!!! Its like they took two movies and put them together to make one bad movie. Granted when babydoll has her \\"dreams\\" its pretty bad ass. But WTF it makes no sense for the plot. It isn't that the plot is so deep no one could understand it. It is just that the plot is so bad I don't know how many people were so generous on the reviews. Honestly if you want to see it, I do not want to sway your opinion but the movie is just painful to watch. I mean really.....still in shock of how horrible the plot was.
0792844890|5.0|This movie is heavily quoted by myself and friends. It's enjoyable for at least teenagers, but parents be warned; it uses base humor and references to sex.<br /><br />Still funny though.
B004EPYZUI|5.0|When I set out to watch a movie, I want to be entertained. I want to sit back, subconsciously take an interest in what I'm watching, and relax.<br /><br />This movie takes almost all of the genres you can possibly think of and combines them into one, fantastically imaginative film. It's like Aliens meets I am Robot meets LoTR meets Girl, Interrupted. Absolute entertainment!<br /><br />It has the drama... the crazy people, the sci-fi, the robots, the dragons, the technology, the war, the emotional tug, the love, the sacrifice, and then... finally... it has the real purpose of the story revealed, at the end... but you have to listen to the opening narrative to really appreciate the closing narrative.<br /><br />I recommend this movie to anyone who likes over-the-top action-packed, diverse and magical entertainment!<br /><br />Reviewed by Jennifer-Crystal Johnson<br />Author of If You're Human Don't Open the Door
1451629184|5.0|The first thing you need to know about Jaycee Dugard's book, is it is indeed a very difficult thing to read. It is a beautifully written, pull no punches account of the 18 years she spent in captivity with a very sick man, Phillip Garrido.    In a note from the author at the beginning of the book, Dugard explains that she wrote the book to attempt to convey the overwhelming confusion she endured during her years in captivity and to begin to unravel the damage that was done to she and her family. She chronicles her experience with brutal honesty. She writes about missing her mother and worrying that she will never see her again. Her dependence upon her kidnapper grows the more he isolates her from the world. For long periods of time he was the only other human being that she saw.    Before I bought the book, I wished that Amazon would list the Table of Contents, so here it is for you:    Author's Note  Introduction  The Taking  Stolen  The Secret Backyard  Alone in a Strange Place  The First Time  First Kitty  The First \\"Run\\"  Nancy  Easter: Phillip on an Island  Christmas  Learning I Was Pregnant  Driving to a Trailer  Waiting for Baby  Taking Care of a Baby  Sarge  Second Baby  The Starting of Printing for Less  Birth of Second Baby  Raising the Girls in the Backyard  Nancy Becomes \\"Mom\\"  Pretending to Be a Family  Cats  Surviving  Discovery and Reunion  Firsts for Me   Milestones  The Difficult Parts of Life  Finding Old Friends  Therapeutic healing  Meeting with Nancy  Therapeutic Healing with a Twist    As you can tell from the Table of Contents, she spares no detail. You witness her physical and psychological transformation from a scared child held against her will to a woman who bears his children and runs a business with him until she is discovered. This truly is an exploration of her past. As profound as this book is in its horrific detail, it is not a triumphant, feel-good story. Other than her rescue, don't expect many warm fuzzies from this one.    If Jaycee's book interests you, [[ASIN:0061543667 I Love Yous Are for White People: A Memoir (P.S.)]] is another you'll undoubtedly want to read. Amazing to see people triumph over such adversity, and retell their stories so brilliantly.
B004WKOCP8|3.0|I understand that you can't make the same album every time...but you can't forget the sound that got you there. I already see reviews of people comparing Incubus to Limp Bizkit. First of all, if Brandon wanted to rap he could. If Fred wanted to sing with the amazing range and control that Brandon does....well he couldn't!!!!! So there's that. I kinda saw this mellowing coming. With that being said...it's NOT a bad record. It's still the musicianship that we all know and love. I'm around the same age as the band and have been down since S.C.I.E.N.C.E. and I like every record they've created including If Not Now, When.  I do hope that they make a \\"heavier\\" record in the future...but I doubt it. We can all hope.
B0018O4YSQ|2.0|This is a review of the PRODUCT. NOT the movie. I give the movie itself 5 stars but I cannot give anything more than 2 stars overall. 2 stars because, for an older movie, it LOOKS amazing on blu-ray.<br /><br />I purchased this from amazon almost 3 years ago. I received it and I watched it immediately on my PS3...NO problems at all. It worked perfectly, the picture and audio were amazing.<br /><br />I haven't watched it since...until today. I no longer have the PS3, I have a stand alone Sony blu-ray player. The picture is still as amazing as it was before, but the audio is HORRIBLE. The worst I have ever heard on a blu-ray or even a DVD. You hear some sort of white noise or static all the way through the movie. It's extremely hard to ignore making it basically unwatchable. There is some sort of issue with the audio, it's a flawed blu-ray, there are several reviews here on amazon saying so. Unfortunately, when I purchased it, there were none.<br /><br />I don't have a TON of knowledge about these things but the only audio option on the blu-ray is 7.1 DTS. Perhaps this isn't supported by all blu-ray players? I really don't know. What I do know is I'm highly disappointed. I hope there's a re-release soon!
B0002V7ODI|5.0|For those who've seen the theatrical edition you'll be pleased that nothing is missing from this version. Atleast nothing I noticed. The additional footage is seamlessly added and compliments the rest of the movie superbly. This IS the definitive version. I only hope in time they do the same with the second movie.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|What can I say, it's Angry Birds RIO a way to waste away a perfectly good afternoon.  Highly recommended.
1451629184|5.0|*****<br />Jaycee Dugard's memoir of her life and her kidnapping, her torture, abuse and 18 year captivity, is important on so many levels.<br /><br />At one level, this is a young woman's attempt to tell the details of her story and to regain her voice and her power. She is grateful to be alive, to be safe, and to have her daughters, her mom, her sister. Her story in its entirety--the actual details--go far beyond Diane Sawyer's two hour ABC news special, so if you've watched that (as I did), there is much, much more here. And again, the details are what add depth and so poignantly reveal how Jaycee FELT in the different circumstances she found herself in, all of which she had no or little control over. She learned how to survive and how to live as meaningful a life as possible (although this was very hard with rape, neglect, and abuse of all sorts). She did it, though, and has triumphed--with the help of many people, good therapists, and experiences such as equine therapy. All of this is described in the book.<br /><br />Jaycee describes her daily concerns, her profound loneliness, and how she longed for things like a toothbrush, a bath, a toilet, to see the outdoors. She describes how her captor bonded her to to him, with him even trying to give her torture meaning and purpose by telling her it saved him from doing things like that to other little girls. And how great a \\"sex slave\\" she was. Her abuser's horrible \\"crank runs\\" --long days of her enduring various types of rape while her abuser was high and sleepless on crank. How after her baby was born, her abuser prayed that he'd never \\"hurt his child\\", which she knew meant \\"rape his child\\". Despite all of this horror, Jaycee's beautiful spirit shines through. So this is a hard book, and a book not for children because of all of the graphic details, but an important book for everyone else to read. None of the sexual details are gratuitous, but helpful and moving in understanding how a young girl saw her torment.<br /><br />And at another level, this is a tale of hope and inspiration, a tale of Jaycee's tenacious spirit and how she survived. It can provide inspiration to all of us who deal on a daily basis with challenges and trials, probably none anywhere near as terrible as Jaycee's. Her spirit and will to survive are admirable and so worth reading about. She wants to inspire people and to encourage them to have hope in difficult circumstances.<br /><br />And at yet another level, I hope that this memoir leads to changes in how the criminal justice system monitors sex offenders. So much needs to be reformed. I hope that this book, and those of us who read it, will help to facilitate and even demand needed change.<br /><br />Lastly, Jaycee wants to inspire people to speak up and take action when they suspect, intuit, guess--that something may be wrong. It was two women officers who ended Jaycee's captivity--two women who trusted their intuition that something was \\"off\\" after seeing her and then acted to investigate and follow through.<br /><br />The author's trust and hope, though betrayed again and again, still live on. This is a fascinating and riveting read about the human spirit, a book you'll have a hard time putting down. It is told in the present tense, so that you feel as though you're there with Jaycee. The book is organized into chapters in chronological order; at the end of each chapter she writes her reflections now that she is safe as an adult. In the Kindle edition, there are black and white pictures of Jaycee and pictures of her journal pages, not just the text of the hardcover.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br />*****level, this is a tale of hope and inspiration, a tale of Jaycee's tenacious spirit and how she survived. It can provide inspiration to all of us who deal on a daily basis with challenges and trials, probably none anywhere near as terrible as Jaycee's. Her spirit and will to survive are admirable and so worth reading about. She wants to inspire people and to encourage them to have hope in difficult circumstances.     And at yet another level, I hope that this memoir leads to changes in how the criminal justice system monitors sex offenders. So much needs to be reformed. I hope that this book, and those of us who read it, will help to facilitate and even demand needed change.     Lastly, Jaycee wants to inspire people to speak up and take action when they suspect, intuit, guess--that something may be wrong. It was two women officers who ended Jaycee's captivity--two women who trusted their intuition that something was \\"off\\" after seeing her and then acted to investigate and follow through.     The author's trust and hope, though betrayed again and again, still live on. This is a fascinating and riveting read about the human spirit, a book you'll have a hard time putting down. It is told in the present tense, so that you feel as though you're there with Jaycee. The book is organized into chapters in chronological order; at the end of each chapter she writes her reflections now that she is safe as an adult. In the Kindle edition, there are black and white pictures of Jaycee and pictures of her journal pages, not just the text of the hardcover.    Highly recommended.  *****
B000XUOIQ4|5.0|Forgot how cute this movie was. Got it for my kids who were going to be in an Aristocats play.....they are still singing the songs two weeks after the play is over!
B002N9MK8G|5.0|Sinatra was still at his prime in this recording live at the Sands. Another era for sure, and there are monologue portions that fail the current PC standards by a long shot, but this album brought back that era for me, and I have to say it brought back lots of good memories. Sinatra was the king at what he did. Self-assured, never at a loss at this point, and singing like you never heard before. His professional talents are hard to equal in a performer now, and no matter what \\"Sinatra-style\\" performer you hear, it is NOT Frank. Don't settle for Michael Buble when you can buy Frank Sinatra. Pandora Radio non-withstanding - Sinatra STYLE will never equal Sinatra.
B000O8OTNC|1.0|This sharpener does not work very well. It is not easy to use without ruining your blade. You might use it in an emergency if you are very careful. Better to use a sharpening stone than this. The idea of an easy to carry sharpener is great but this one isn't. I would return mine but I tried it to late.
B004YTGRMI|5.0|On Lifes Rich Pageant, R.E.M. started to make the move from their college-rock underground sound to a more commercially accessible one. They did this successfully without compromising any of their integrity. The songs still have that classic R.E.M. jangle-guitar sound, but they started to experiment with other sounds (like the banjo on \\"I Believe\\" & accordian on \\"Swan Song H\\") as well as becoming more socially and political conscious with their lyrics. Also, most noticable was that Michael Stipe's vocals were higher in the mix instead of being muddy and buried as on previous releases. \\"Fall On Me\\" best typifies the changes as the song is about the effects of acid rain, but is the most radio-friendly song they had made up to that point. \\"Flowers Of Guatemala\\", \\"Hyena\\", \\"I Believe\\" & \\"Swan Song H\\" are among the best R.E.M. has ever done. The album is like a classic novel with the songs being like its chapters. From the opening chapter of \\"Begin The Begin\\" to the epilogue of \\"Superman\\", R.E.M. takes us on a wondereous journey that makes you want to keep going back and explore more carefully with each listen. It's hard to belive that this album is turning 25 years old, but it is nice to see that the band is celebrating it's release.  R.E.M. has made better sellers and more critically praised albums, but none are better than this one in my mind.  The bonus disk is a treasure trove of great alternate versions of almost every song the original album as well as the first recording of \\"Bad Day\\" which would appear on a greatest hits album.
B004X80QNG|5.0|I'm not a fan of gmail. Hence, I'm not a fan of how android felt the need to base their calendar in google calendar. And let's face it, the non google version of the calendar these phones have isn't really that great for anything. I downloaded this app as soon as I saw the price drop a bit and have been loving it ever since. The fact it offers its own version of the calendar for those who don't want to sinc to google every time they need to update something was the main selling point for me but, more than that, there's nothing bad I can say about this app. Visually it's great and fully customizable. Don't like the color of something? Just change it. It's alarms work every time without blaring out and distracting everyone around you. Alas, there's no widget but it's in the plans for one of the next releases so that problem is only a short lived one.   So really, this app is amazing and I would highly recommend it to anyone wanting more out of their calendar.
B0058P7KUA|3.0|It doesn't work on the Xoom, I just get a black screen for a few seconds, then it cuts back to the home screen.
B001IBIHQ4|1.0|Bought HBO mini series \\"Pacific\\". Discs had scratches and last disc was so badly damaged it would not play. Product looked used and abused including the box it was in.
0316056863|2.0|I'm about two thirds of the way through Bossypants and so far its been about Tina Fey's body parts.  One entire chapter was devoted to describing each body part in excruciating detail - usually with a esoteric pop-culture reference thrown in - \\"I have the eyebrows of Estelle Getty\\" (I can't remember if that was one, probably).  OK, I thought, some of those were funny. Then two chapters later we get another long section about her looks and her flat, manly feet.  OK, a bit irritating (I mean, who seriously cares about feet?) but I'll go with it.  Now I'm in the middle of the part about celebrity photo shoots which, you guessed it, is mainly about how she, hilariously, doesn't fit into clothes meant for models.  Seriously, I've had enough.  Firstly, Tina Fey is a damned good-looking woman, so it's just insulting to genuine gargoyles for her to be claiming she's a troll in a looks-obsessed industry. Secondly, it's clearly Tina Fey herself that is looks-obsessed - I can't imagine Paris Hilton devoting this much time to talking about her body. If you spend this much of your book describing your feet - even in a self-deprecating way - you need to re-examine your priorities.  As for the other, non-body related stuff, it principally consists of (a) describing collegues - comedians and actors - as geniuses (in true \\"luvvies\\" fashion) and (b) sticking it to the odd anonymous nobody that said something vaguely insulting to her when she was working at The Second City in Chicago twenty years ago.  There are a lot of reviews saying that this book doesn't reveal much about Tina Fey - I disagree - I think it reveals a great deal.  Here is a fundamentally shallow person. Still, she makes funny TV, so I'll just continue enjoying 30 Rock and give the rest of the book a miss.
B001E45XT4|3.0|I love the quality of sound and mic that I got from this product. When I first got it I had to spend about 20 minutes in audio settings to tweak the mic as it is too sensitive and needed to be adjusted so that it's not transmitting every sound in the house. Unfortunately it seems that after using the mic day in day out pulling it out from its little resting place is damaging the cord as the mic has stopped working. Except for sparse moments when the damaged wires can be fiddled into a position where they might touch again within the headset where now it has the mic in a awkward position where it's more static than voice. Keep in mind I have only had it for a year and I might have used it for a few hours a day so I'm sadden that such a great product would have such a short lifespan. I even bought a second one when it went on sale and unfortunately the audio is cutting out on this one with lots of static and or audio only in one ear, again after owning it for only a year with moderate use. As much as I enjoy the quality of the recording and audio while it works, I don't think I'll buy a third one. I don't think a headset should be an annual purchase, especially one as expensive as this.
B001DHXT20|4.0|DVD works just fine! The price was just right.    The only negative aspect (and a very minor one) about this purchase was that the product was manufactured in Canada so it has French text that appears alongside the English text on the cover, insert, & DVD face. Again nothing worth complaining about but something factual.    Thanks!
B005529BDK|4.0|I really like the game, its a lot of fun and has a nice twist with the flippable objects. i really, really dont like the music though. Too repetitive and no options. thats really my only complaint, though. nice work on this.
0545265355|5.0|I am not a big book reader and started reading this book with a class  as an Integration Aide for a student. Couldn't put it down, in fact I raced ahead of th rest of the class. Finding the Trilogy on Amazon, ordering was simple and the books came within a week. Every page had fantastic detail, action and thrilling, keeping me reading till early hours of the morning. I loved her characters. I really put myself into them. It took me a little over one week to read all three books.  I have since given them to my Mum, who has trouble reading, even she is enthralled! Suzanne Collins keep writing I want more!
0312600844|1.0|I ordered this when Oprah mentioned it as part of her book club. I should have known I'd \\"enjoy\\" it as little as I've enjoyed the few other books I bought that she suggested. I love Oprah but not her choice in books!! I just could not keep interested in this big, expensive book. What a waste of my money. I donated it to the used bookstore in my city. I think it was boring so had no interest in finishing it..
B004XES1U0|4.0|What does Fly From Here sound like? Does it sound like Close to the Edge, Relayer, Going for the One, Drama, or 90125? Does it matter? To fans of Jon Anderson and/or Rick Wakeman and/or the \\"classic line-up of the such and such era\\" it probably does matter, however these fans will most likely not be swayed no matter what. Due to the time wasting arguments and squabbling between the members of Yes and the even more nasty squabbling between the fans about the viability of a Jon Anderson and/or Rick Wakeman-less Yes on fan sites and message boards, not to mention cancelled tours such as the More Drama or the Close to the Edge and Back tour, I was becoming weary of being a Yes fan. I just did not think they had it in them for another recording no matter who was playing on it and even if they did, I doubted they would ever get it together to make it a reality or even moreso that I would want to listen to it.     And now we have Fly From Here. As stated above, when asked \\"What does FFH sound like?\\", well, it sounds like Yes in 2011! People will hear snippets of various line-ups and recordings (I hear snippets of Drama, a bit of 90125 and Big Generator, with some of the pop sensibilities of Asia). Once you listen to FFH, you will come up with your own ideas of what era/line-up it reminds you of.     Although FFH does not achieve the musical or popular heights of either the Fragile/CTTE or 90125 era, it delivers a sturdy set of quality songs that comprise a thoughtful, consistent offering that I had no reason to expect to be as good as it is. The FFH suite (based on the Drama-era song Fly From Here) is cohesive if a bit lacking in instrumental virtuosity as the instrumental fireworks of the 70s era (remember 'Soundchaser'?) are not as present on this cd. Instead of striving for who can outdo each other with instrumental virtuosity within a song (and stepping all over each other in the process), the emphasis is on economy (IMO none of the songs or musical ideas overstay their welcome), and the melodic flow of the songs themselves. Part I 'We Can Fly From Here' is as gorgeous as anything produced by the band from 1997 onwards. All of the themes in the Overture (note the snare drum rolls of reminiscent of 'White Car' midway through), are revisited throughout the suite and the lyrics about aviation and relationships make a nice theme to base this musical suite around.     Strangely enough, the songs I find myself gravitating the most towards on FFH are the straightforward, soothing pop of both 'The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be' co-written by Chris Squire and 'Hour of Need' written by Steve Howe as they just sound 'different' to me for some reason. In a sense, some might say these songs are representative of the pop sensibilities of the latter-day reunited Asia being interpreted in a Yes context. No matter, I just hear some lyrically thoughtful compositions with some gorgeous chord progressions and melodies. These songs are not the pop found on 90125 as they tend towards a current, mature MOR sound more than 80s pop (or even 70s progressive rock for that matter) which leads me to wonder what else Steve and Chris could have come up with for Yes in this setting. 'Life on a Film Set' was written by the Buggles themselves, and although the first half of this song plods along a bit slowly, the second half is a joyous dance. Steve's solo piece 'Solitaire' while skillfully and very tastily executed lacks some of the energy of his other solo pieces such as 'Second Initial' or 'Sketches In the Sun' (not to mention 'The Clap' and 'Mood for a Day').     The dipthong bass pedal sound from 'On The Silent Wings Of Freedom' from Tormato makes an appearance on 'Into the Storm', the cd's energetic closer that may remind some of 'Tempus Fugit'. Benoit David, instead of trying to be Jon Anderson, actually finds his own voice within the band and if comparisons must be made, Benoit sounds more like Trevor Horn than Jon. Speaking of Trevor Horn, getting him to produce this cd (as well as having Geoff Downes rejoin the band) was nothing short of genius. Trevor's production gives the songs room to breathe while adding some polish and sheen without being overproduced.     If this is to be Yes' last recording, then this is a very worthy effort as such (well, for me at least). Although there might not be the one or more songs that just 'blow you away' on the first listen of this album, I will trade that for the consistency, economy, maturity, and thoughtfulness of FFH's set of songs. If you are able to embrace the concept of Yesmusic being more than the specific line-up of who plays on a specific recording in a specific time period, hopefully you will too!
B004H4XLRE|3.0|My grandson is a super cars fan, he has approx 200 different cars and I got his this for his b-day.  He loved it.  Would recommend it.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|What does Fly From Here sound like? Does it sound like Close to the Edge, Relayer, Going for the One, Drama, or 90125? Does it matter? To fans of Jon Anderson and/or Rick Wakeman and/or the \\"classic line-up of the such and such era\\" it probably does matter, however these fans will most likely not be swayed no matter what. Due to the time wasting arguments and squabbling between the members of Yes and the even more nasty squabbling between the fans about the viability of a Jon Anderson and/or Rick Wakeman-less Yes on fan sites and message boards, not to mention cancelled tours such as the More Drama or the Close to the Edge and Back tour, I was becoming weary of being a Yes fan. I just did not think they had it in them for another recording no matter who was playing on it and even if they did, I doubted they would ever get it together to make it a reality or even moreso that I would want to listen to it.     And now we have Fly From Here. As stated above, when asked \\"What does FFH sound like?\\", well, it sounds like Yes in 2011! People will hear snippets of various line-ups and recordings (I hear snippets of Drama, a bit of 90125 and Big Generator, with some of the pop sensibilities of Asia). Once you listen to FFH, you will come up with your own ideas of what era/line-up it reminds you of.     Although FFH does not achieve the musical or popular heights of either the Fragile/CTTE or 90125 era, it delivers a sturdy set of quality songs that comprise a thoughtful, consistent offering that I had no reason to expect to be as good as it is. The FFH suite (based on the Drama-era song Fly From Here) is cohesive if a bit lacking in instrumental virtuosity as the instrumental fireworks of the 70s era (remember 'Soundchaser'?) are not as present on this cd. Instead of striving for who can outdo each other with instrumental virtuosity within a song (and stepping all over each other in the process), the emphasis is on economy (IMO none of the songs or musical ideas overstay their welcome), and the melodic flow of the songs themselves. Part I 'We Can Fly From Here' is as gorgeous as anything produced by the band from 1997 onwards. All of the themes in the Overture (note the snare drum rolls of reminiscent of 'White Car' midway through), are revisited throughout the suite and the lyrics about aviation and relationships make a nice theme to base this musical suite around.     Strangely enough, the songs I find myself gravitating the most towards on FFH are the straightforward, soothing pop of both 'The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be' co-written by Chris Squire and 'Hour of Need' written by Steve Howe as they just sound 'different' to me for some reason. In a sense, some might say these songs are representative of the pop sensibilities of the latter-day reunited Asia being interpreted in a Yes context. No matter, I just hear some lyrically thoughtful compositions with some gorgeous chord progressions and melodies. These songs are not the pop found on 90125 as they tend towards a current, mature MOR sound more than 80s pop (or even 70s progressive rock for that matter) which leads me to wonder what else Steve and Chris could have come up with for Yes in this setting. 'Life on a Film Set' was written by the Buggles themselves, and although the first half of this song plods along a bit slowly, the second half is a joyous dance. Steve's solo piece 'Solitaire' while skillfully and very tastily executed lacks some of the energy of his other solo pieces such as 'Second Initial' or 'Sketches In the Sun' (not to mention 'The Clap' and 'Mood for a Day').     The dipthong bass pedal sound from 'On The Silent Wings Of Freedom' from Tormato makes an appearance on 'Into the Storm', the cd's energetic closer that may remind some of 'Tempus Fugit'. Benoit David, instead of trying to be Jon Anderson, actually finds his own voice within the band and if comparisons must be made, Benoit sounds more like Trevor Horn than Jon. Speaking of Trevor Horn, getting him to produce this cd (as well as having Geoff Downes rejoin the band) was nothing short of genius. Trevor's production gives the songs room to breathe while adding some polish and sheen without being overproduced.     If this is to be Yes' last recording, then this is a very worthy effort as such (well, for me at least). Although there might not be the one or more songs that just 'blow you away' on the first listen of this album, I will trade that for the consistency, economy, maturity, and thoughtfulness of FFH's set of songs. If you are able to embrace the concept of Yesmusic being more than the specific line-up of who plays on a specific recording in a specific time period, hopefully you will too!
B004SKIPXW|4.0|3D home theatres are new, and hard to find suitable movies to view with them. but this movie was well suited to the 3D format, with lots of action to take advantage of the 3D capabilities...stuff flew out of the screen at me, i like it.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|What does Fly From Here sound like? Does it sound like Close to the Edge, Relayer, Going for the One, Drama, or 90125? Does it matter? To fans of Jon Anderson and/or Rick Wakeman and/or the \\"classic line-up of the such and such era\\" it probably does matter, however these fans will most likely not be swayed no matter what. Due to the time wasting arguments and squabbling between the members of Yes and the even more nasty squabbling between the fans about the viability of a Jon Anderson and/or Rick Wakeman-less Yes on fan sites and message boards, not to mention cancelled tours such as the More Drama or the Close to the Edge and Back tour, I was becoming weary of being a Yes fan. I just did not think they had it in them for another recording no matter who was playing on it and even if they did, I doubted they would ever get it together to make it a reality or even moreso that I would want to listen to it.     And now we have Fly From Here. As stated above, when asked \\"What does FFH sound like?\\", well, it sounds like Yes in 2011! People will hear snippets of various line-ups and recordings (I hear snippets of Drama, a bit of 90125 and Big Generator, with some of the pop sensibilities of Asia). Once you listen to FFH, you will come up with your own ideas of what era/line-up it reminds you of.     Although FFH does not achieve the musical or popular heights of either the Fragile/CTTE or 90125 era, it delivers a sturdy set of quality songs that comprise a thoughtful, consistent offering that I had no reason to expect to be as good as it is. The FFH suite (based on the Drama-era song Fly From Here) is cohesive if a bit lacking in instrumental virtuosity as the instrumental fireworks of the 70s era (remember 'Soundchaser'?) are not as present on this cd. Instead of striving for who can outdo each other with instrumental virtuosity within a song (and stepping all over each other in the process), the emphasis is on economy (IMO none of the songs or musical ideas overstay their welcome), and the melodic flow of the songs themselves. Part I 'We Can Fly From Here' is as gorgeous as anything produced by the band from 1997 onwards. All of the themes in the Overture (note the snare drum rolls of reminiscent of 'White Car' midway through), are revisited throughout the suite and the lyrics about aviation and relationships make a nice theme to base this musical suite around.     Strangely enough, the songs I find myself gravitating the most towards on FFH are the straightforward, soothing pop of both 'The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be' co-written by Chris Squire and 'Hour of Need' written by Steve Howe as they just sound 'different' to me for some reason. In a sense, some might say these songs are representative of the pop sensibilities of the latter-day reunited Asia being interpreted in a Yes context. No matter, I just hear some lyrically thoughtful compositions with some gorgeous chord progressions and melodies. These songs are not the pop found on 90125 as they tend towards a current, mature MOR sound more than 80s pop (or even 70s progressive rock for that matter) which leads me to wonder what else Steve and Chris could have come up with for Yes in this setting. 'Life on a Film Set' was written by the Buggles themselves, and although the first half of this song plods along a bit slowly, the second half is a joyous dance. Steve's solo piece 'Solitaire' while skillfully and very tastily executed lacks some of the energy of his other solo pieces such as 'Second Initial' or 'Sketches In the Sun' (not to mention 'The Clap' and 'Mood for a Day').     The dipthong bass pedal sound from 'On The Silent Wings Of Freedom' from Tormato makes an appearance on 'Into the Storm', the cd's energetic closer that may remind some of 'Tempus Fugit'. Benoit David, instead of trying to be Jon Anderson, actually finds his own voice within the band and if comparisons must be made, Benoit sounds more like Trevor Horn than Jon. Speaking of Trevor Horn, getting him to produce this cd (as well as having Geoff Downes rejoin the band) was nothing short of genius. Trevor's production gives the songs room to breathe while adding some polish and sheen without being overproduced.     If this is to be Yes' last recording, then this is a very worthy effort as such (well, for me at least). Although there might not be the one or more songs that just 'blow you away' on the first listen of this album, I will trade that for the consistency, economy, maturity, and thoughtfulness of FFH's set of songs. If you are able to embrace the concept of Yesmusic being more than the specific line-up of who plays on a specific recording in a specific time period, hopefully you will too!
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I don't no where to start..  All the Daria episodes, two movies and bonus footage..was so great! It took me forever to watch all of this stuff. And yes, the music is not the same...but actually I don't mind/like the music they play in this DVD. I had never seen the two movies previous to buying this DVD, and I absolutely loved both of them. They were long too, which was awesome.
B0050VI5SI|5.0|One of the earlier reviews here was title \\"Can't believe I like it!\\".  I know exactly what that person meant!  This album doesn't really line up with anything else in my collection - the closest I could come up with would be like The Postal Service or Owl City (for the use of electronic music), but that's a pretty weak comparison.  The single, \\"Pumped Up Kicks\\", was released earlier in an EP and will certainly be the track that draws a lot of people in.  It's an interesting track that juxtaposes a catchy hook with some pretty dark lyrics (\\"All the little kids with they're pumped up kicks, better run, better run, faster than my bullet\\").<br /><br />But the rest of the album really surprised me with how fun and danceable it is!  And again, this sort of electronic pop isn't really my thing, yet there probably aren't three other albums I'd rather listen to right now.  Some of the songs (\\"Don't Stop\\") rock out pretty hard, while others are much more laid back.  I don't feel like there's anything groundbreaking here, but that doesn't stop me from giving a 5-star review because this is one of the more addictive things I've heard in awhile.
B001LF3YQK|5.0|This product was recommended to me by a friend who has two children - she was absolutely right.  The case is great for holding so many wipes (I constantly don't have to refill it) and the red dot makes it easy to open and close with one hand.  I would highly recommend this to anyone!
0060987464|2.0|There's not a whole lot to say about this book that hasn't already been said.  If Manson and his ghostwriter were trying to write like Jackie Collins in black leather pants, they succeeded. But judging by Manson's philosophical posturings and the GRIM DARK title, I doubt it.<br /><br />I will say this though: the story of the making of Antichrist Superstar has the potential to be a brilliant black comedy. It's like \\"This is Spinal Tap\\" meets \\"A Confederacy of Dunces\\" with Manson himself as a black-clad Ignatius J. Reilly. Unfortunately, that would probably require more self-awareness than he seems capable of.
0321334876|4.0|This book is excellent. It will give you tips that will increase the quality of your programs. Tips are provided on several categories like interfaces, implementation, resource management...     Except some chapters that I found a little boring and redundant, the content of the book is really good written and full of examples. It's a must have for every intermediate C++ programmer.
B004FGMDOQ|5.0|I absolutely LOVED Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children! If you are a fan of Lemony Snicket and Harry Potter, you may love this book as well. It is a fun read and I could not put it down. The author used found \\"odd\\" photographs throughout the novel and that really makes the story kind of believable (!!) in a fantastic way. I thought it was very clever and the tale is riveting from start to finish.<br /><br />I could totally see this one as a film.  :)
B0058VW36U|5.0|I accidentally purchased this game thinking it was free, but I'm so glad I did!  It is so cute and fun!  My kids love it as well...but I have to limit them to the puzzles I've already solved ;)  Loads fast and easy on the My Touch 4g.
0061997811|5.0|You NEED this! It is my most beloved Harry Potter thing I own. Provides insight on the making of the films, and also has pop-outs such as the Marauder's Map, a Yule Ball invitation, a Hogwart's acceptance letter, a potion's notebook and many more! A great buy- also a fabulous gift for anyone you know who loves Harry Potter!
B0013ND30M|5.0|My earliest memory is sitting on the couch watching this film in our living room on a Saturday afternoon. The moment I heard the ethereal vocals of Mary Costa as Briar Rose began her route into the forest, I became forever entranced by the magic of Disney animated storytelling. This film marks my first and most influential memory (I was not even 4). I was born (as my pen name indicates) right at the dawn of the Disney Renaissance which began with The Little Mermaid in 1989 and ended with Tarzan in 1999. So you would expect me to prefer something like The Lion King or Beauty and the Beast over something from three decades earlier, but behold, I was blessed with parents who failed to take me to see those films before introducing me to the classics they had begun purchasing on VHS as soon as I was born (Sleeping Beauty, Pinnochio, The Great Mouse Detective, The Rescuers Down Under, Robin Hood, The Sword and the Stone, ect). The first film I saw in theaters was Aladdin(1992), and that was an experience in and of itself, but what its ultimate effect ended up being was an acute disappointment that I never got to see my first love on the wall-spanning theater screen. How thrilling it would have been to see Prince Phillip battle Maleficent with the George-Bruns-adapted-Tchaikovsky score blasting through the speakers!    If you love classical music, if you are any kind of romantic, and most of all, if you value the innocence and grandeur of the Disney Classics, then you need to add this film to your library! Anyone who claims this film is boring was deprived of artistic appreciation in their life and lacks innocence, which is their very great misfortune. You could pause this film at any point, print out the image, frame it, hang it up on your wall, and visitors would almost swear you had a masterpiece in your home. What the story does (admittedly) lack in character development and plot depth is more than compensated for in the artistic design and scope alone. Let us not evenbegin to get into the brilliant score composed by the masterful and gifted Peter Tchaikovsky! This is a fairytale beloved by generations, and despite criticism on Disney's \\"romanticizing\\" of the classic folktales of Western culture, I dare anyone to name another film version of this story, if one exists that comes even close to creating the same effect on the audience in any aspect! I am inclined to believe that no such version (animated or live-action) can raise their hand because this film tops them all...it was and to this day, still is, the pinnacle of achievement in animation.    You do not have to get so involved with the \\"story\\" to be able to enjoy this film. Watching Sleeping Beauty is like going to the symphony or being able to value and appreciate art in any form. And for all the naysayers complaining, the morality and presentation of the characters is still communicated effectively. Aurora is innocent, yet exudes a grace and maturity that is unheard of in Disney heroines. Prince Phillip is the prototype prince for all the rest: daring, dignified, yet down-to-earth. The three good fairies are as warm, affectionate, and kind-hearted as any doting grandmother could be, and last, but certainly not least, Maleficent is the epitome of evil and cruelty. She doesn't have to have a reason to show up and cause havoc in King Stephan's realm...her performance at the christening party was just for show! She is evil because she loves evil and hates everything affiliated with good. With the notable exception of Chernabog from Fantasia(1940), you cannot find a more similar representation of Satan, himself. And any individual who plans to kidnap your betrothed and keep him away from you until he is old and decrepit is a prime definition of cruel and unusual punishment! Finally, the battle between Phillip and our archvillainess is the confirmation that, even with the advent of the computer, animators are STILL trying to top the look of this film. I rode home on a bus withmy basketball team one week from a tournament a few years ago and had brought a handful of movies to watch on the way...most of them iconic classics I might add (Gone With the Wind, Sound of Music ect.). They voted on Sleeping Beauty, and most of them hadn't seen the film for a good ten years. By the finale, even my coaches were thanking me for picking this movie! I could tell they were impressed!    If you have a spare couple of hours on the weekend, give this film a go, yes, even if you do not have a little girl who is less than 8 years old nearby. Sleeping Beauty's overlaying message that \\"love conquers all\\" is more adequately communicated through the audio and visual presentation than the most complex romantic comedy or raunchiest tv drama ever!
0316056863|5.0|Let me start by saying that I am a huge Tina Fey fan - I loved her on SNL and I watch 30 Rock religiously. So it's not a surprise that I'm a fan of her book. That said, it was hilarious at times, and touching at others. Well worth the read.
0062004352|3.0|I'm a little surprised how much I liked this one. A girl sleeping with TWO guys! At the same time....gasp! (well - not the same exact time but...you know what I mean) Not something I'm a fan of. At all.<br />Somehow I still ended up understanding and liking Angela anyway even though I couldn't agree with her actions. And how could you not like Alex?? He's such a great character and his understanding of Angela's actions make perfect sense in light of his own disastrous break up.<br />The ending felt a bit rushed and as if to compensate an epilogue was tacked on. I also wasn't a fan of Angela's friend Jenny but overall if you can handle a few character flaws for a surprisingly romantic (given the storyline) give  I Heart New York a look.
0060853972|5.0|I listened to this book on a road trip - it was a lot of fun.  Irreverent and funny, you could hear the two authors' style and voices.  Some of the humor was very British, but that's the kind of humor I like, so it was well worth the time.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|It sounds cliche, but truly the one constant of YES is change:  Changes in timing, changes in mood...........and changes in personnel.  \\"Fly From Here\\" is the first effort with Benoit David in charge of vocals, and he does not disappoint - clear lead vocals and rich harmonies with Chris Squire abound.  I won't even ponder the validity of the vocals - these are Benoit's songs, not Jon Anderson's.  The foundation of Chris Squire's bass and Alan White's percussion is as solid as ever, punctuated by Steve Howe's and Geoff Downes' signature \\"Drama-tic\\" chops.  The 6-part title track (weighing in at almost 24 minutes) is bold if only because few are daring such epics these days - no radio support for this one!  The other tracks sound like a history lesson of other YES eras, with a bit of Pink Floyd, Alan Parsons Project and Nektar thrown in. I suggest giving it more than one listen to absorb the nuances that are present in all YES music before making final judgment.  All in all, I feel \\"Fly From Here\\" is a solid prog effort that will eventually stand very well on its own.  Finally, I ask the seemingly ever-present,elder/somewhat critical YES faithful (I've been a YesFan since 1972) to just relax and be grateful that this most recent incarnation of very talented musicians have graced us with yet another quality release.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|This was a very well written book. It is definiley a must-read. Jaycee told her story so well, it almost felt if I was actually there, as her.
0743435729|5.0|I'm new to the Honor Harrington series, but after reading the first two books I was hooked.  I've bought the entire series.
B004GFN11A|1.0|stinks.  Never works on droid x2.  depressing.  please fix!  won't open just does a force close every time.  Theh really need to fix it.
B000001EGA|5.0|Bought this for my husband's 50th birthday as he remembered receiving it for one of his teenage birthdays & I wanted to give him some great memories.  He LOVES it.  Plus I couldn't find it locally & Amazon had it; shipped it & it arrived in excellent time.
1451629184|5.0|I read this in one sitting.  It's not the what happened to Jaycee parts that were so riveting to me, it was the reflection and unyielding spirit this woman has.  I just had to find out how she was, I didn't care about knowing the details, just knowing that she was okay and will be okay is what I find amazing and I am humbled that she is able to share this with the world.    Jaycee -    Knowing that you probably will never read this but I wanted to first thank you for sharing your story with us.  I secondly hope that you find the complete inner peace that you search for and hope someday all your wishes come true and your check lists all get checked.    Your book speaks volumes to the true character and true nature of the person you were born to be, one of genuine good character and golden hearted. Much love and peace to you, your daughters, mom and sister!
B000000QFV|5.0|I love EVERYTHING Sabbath has done, from the first album to \\"Forbidden\\". If you're a 'true' fan of Black Sabbath, then you should know that EVERY album has a different sound and approach than the next, each one being extremely innovative and evolutionary in the rock world. Notice how many imitators that have been getting famous stealing Sabbath's sound ever since the 80's through til now.<br /><br />As for \\"Tyr\\", it had to grow on me when I first bought it when it came out, but then I immediately took to it, for after \\"Seventh Star\\", \\"The Eternal Idol\\", and \\"Headless Cross\\", \\"Tyr\\" sounded like a FULL band again, like they hadn't sounded like since \\"Mob Rules\\". I believe in time (especially since \\"Mob Rules\\" is some people's favorite of the Dio era, like myself) that people will come to like \\"Tyr\\" just as much.<br /><br />And, as for people referring to it as Iommi solo period, well, they couldn't be more wrong. Iommi was the only original member, but this was BLACK SABBATH through and through. Personally, I think Iommi could stand alone on stage, and still call it Black Sabbath.<br /><br />It's comparable to \\"Mob Rules\\" in that it was the only (and last) album from Sabbath after \\"Mob Rules\\"  that had such 'epic' songs. Well, \\"Born Again\\" & \\"Headless Cross\\" came close, but I thought that \\"Tyr\\" had stuff that sounded more like songs like \\"The Sign of the Southern Cross\\" and \\"Falling Off the Edge of the World\\". I especially love \\"The Sabbath Stones\\", \\"Anno Mundi\\", \\"Jerusalem\\", and \\"Valhalla\\". \\"Anno Mundi\\" and \\"The Sabbath Stones\\" are two of my favorites from \\"Tyr\\".<br /><br />And as for the line-up (Tony Martin - vocals, Tony Iommi - guitar, Neil Murray - bass, and Cozy Powell - drums), well, as I said, I think this was the strongest version of Black Sabbath since the 1981 line-up that recorded \\"Mob Rules\\" (and \\"Live Evil\\"). This was possibly the BEST Tony Martin era cd! Every song on this rocked.<br /><br />Tony Martin hits notes that are just earth shattering!  And as for Neil Murray, once they got him in the band, they should have forgotten about Geezer Butler. I still think Neil Murray was the perfect person to feel Butler's shoes. His work on \\"Tyr\\" (as well as the \\"Headless Cross\\" and the \\"Tyr\\" tours) was phenomenal. Sure beat the h*ll out of Dave \\"The Beast\\" Spitz, Bob Daisley, Jo Burt, and Laurence Cottle.<br /><br />I have read on certain threads that some Sabbath fans feel like the Iommi/Powell team-up didn't 'gel'. WRONG!! I thought that Cozy Powell was the best thing to ever happen to Black Sabbath, other than Vinnie Appice, my main inspiration as a drummer myself. But, everyone is entitled to their own opinion.<br /><br />And, this version of the band was awesome live! But, then again, they were all great live! That was the neat thing about Sabbath, they offered such great diverse talent.<br /><br />\\"The Kingdom of Odin is the Kingdom of God's, where only souls of the brave may rest in peace.\\"<br />\\"Lucifer's to blame, the reason for the Flame; they've taken your sight but they won't take your God!\\" - Black Sabbath, 1990.<br /><br />Highly recommended! Thank you! :>)s for Neil Murray, once they got him in the band, they should have forgotten about Geezer Butler. I still think Neil Murray was the perfect person to feel Butler's shoes. His work on \\"Tyr\\" (as well as the \\"Headless Cross\\" and the \\"Tyr\\" tours) was phenomenal. Sure beat the h*ll out of Dave \\"The Beast\\" Spitz, Bob Daisley, Jo Burt, and Laurence Cottle.<br /><br />I have read on certain threads that some Sabbath fans feel like the Iommi/Powell team-up didn't 'gel'. WRONG!! I thought that Cozy Powell was the best thing to ever happen to Black Sabbath, other than Vinnie Appice, my main inspiration as a drummer myself. But, everyone is entitled to their own opinion.<br /><br />And, this version of the band was awesome live! But, then again, they were all great live! That was the neat thing about Sabbath, they offered such great diverse talent.<br /><br />\\"The Kingdom of Odin is the Kingdom of God's, where only souls of the brave may rest in peace.\\"<br />\\"Lucifer's to blame, the reason for the Flame; they've taken your sight but they won't take your God!\\" - Black Sabbath, 1990.<br /><br />Highly recommended! Thank you! :>)
B000005RQT|5.0|This album is just stunning. It really showcases the depth this group has had on instramentals. I feel ashamed for having had no idea about the origional intro for Speed King! I can't imagine that song without it now. The keyboard and extra effects in here definately add to the atmosphere and don't overpower the music. Living Wreck and Hard Lovin' Man show what good use of effects can create.<br />  I love Child In Time, and after reading the sleeve's story about them recording in the same house as Uriah Heep, it made perfect sence. If you match up Child in Time with UH's July Morning, they seem almost identical, to the fault of Heep! But still a good lesson in rock history.<br />  But honestly, my favorite part about this 25th Anniversary edition is the bonus material. That's one of the perks of living in a time well after this came out. Cry Free is such an amazing and unrelenting song I don't know why it wasn't included in the origional album! Jam Stew is another masterwork in instramental power! And I've grown very fond of the piano version of Speed King- not to the point of it replacing the origional, just like the different flavor. It's a rougher version and that works for me!<br />  Infact that is, in some ways how I would describe this whole album. Rough but well done. It's so organic and natural sounding reguardless of mixing. I love just hearing these guys wail.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|only wish it was longer. very fun and hilarious at times. controls could use a little polishing. very similar to Guerilla Bob.
B0000UJDLM|5.0|I first saw this movie when my daughter was 10 years old. I laughed so hard during the movie that I ended up falling from the couch! It is slapstick comedy but it was so refreshing.  I had wanted to purchase it but couldn't find anyone who was selling it, then I heard that Amazon might have it and almost 30 after seeing the movie I can now enjoy it anytime I want.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|I'm only a peripheral Yes fan.  I grew up in their heyday, but I tended to be much more in the Genesis and King Crimson camp when it came to rabid fandom.  Of course I had \\"Fragile\\", \\"Close to the Edge\\" and the others and I played them regularly.  Oh, and I loved Jon Anderson's first solo album \\"Olias of Sunhillow\\" . . . . actually liked it a bit more than the band's stuff.  In the intervening years I didn't give the band a lot of attention . . . \\"Tormato\\" really soured me . . . . but I'd listen to their new releases when I could.  None of it made much of an impression, certainly not to the point of buying them.  But I have to say \\"Fly From Here\\" is a big improvement.  It's melodic, catchy, proggy and pop all at once.  I've given it a number of run-throughs and it keeps growing on me.  It's identifiably Yes without that desperate feel of trying to recapture past glory.    As for David vs Anderson, I thought it was Trevor Horn singing on first listen . . . the record comes closest to \\"Drama\\" in sound (not surprising considering the line-up, of course).    So my comments are aimed at the passer-by, not the hard core faithful.  If you liked them at one time but haven't found their more recent records to your taste you might want to give this a listen.
B003A9SW4O|5.0|The album is really good. This sequel is just as good as the original. This album will be a classic broadway album.
B004DI7HZ6|3.0|The premise of A Discovery of Witches is intriguing; a blend of witches, vampires, and daemons all vying to unlock the mystery of an enchanted book that may hold secrets that they all desire to learn.  However, somewhere along the way, the author became more interested in turning a fantasy adventure story into a romance novel between a vampire and a witch.  She vacillates between the heroine being portrayed as a strong, independent, powerful witch, and a swooning, helpless witch who is totally dependent upon her forbidden love, the vampire, to save her from the multitudes of monsters that are after her.   There were times that I just wanted to shout, \\"Make up your mind!\\" to the author.      As the story continued, the heroine discovers more and more powers within herself, each one a little more unbelievable than the last.  In my mind, this did not succeed in making her a well-rounded three dimensional character, it just made the plot a little lame.    I did enjoy the book, but felt that it got bogged down in the middle where it over-relied on romance to further the plot.      Although I might be curious enough to read the sequel if I borrowed it from the library, I will think twice before spending $14.99 for a download of one of her books.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|I almost gave up in the first few pages because it was hard to follow the who's who in the letter writing format.  However, once you reach the Guernsey pals writing to Juliet it is riveting.  You feel a bit like a voyeur reading their mail but that's what makes it so charming.  This book seems light but that's what makes the horror stories of the German occupation and camps tolerable; It had depth and moved me to tears twice.
B0050CQY1W|4.0|I love \\"4\\" so I had to write a review.  First of all, \\"Run the World (Girls)\\" does not represent the album because the rest of the songs are very different from it although it was the lead single.  My favorite track from the album is \\"Rather Die Young\\" which is a ballad (R&B 'slow jam') about a love that is so strong that you'd rather die than to be without it.  Next up for me is \\"Love On Top,\\" an uptempo with an old school feel about a relationship that progresses from rough times to one where love is finally the priority, I love everything about this song including the lyrics and the vocal performance.  My third favorite track is \\"Party\\" featuring Andre 3000, it has a 90's R&B feel and it's actually about a young girl who decides she's ready to take the relationship with her boyfriend to the next level even though she knows the word will get out; I love the music, it's just an irresistible groove and I like the featured rap.  My fourth favorite is \\"I Care\\"-this one had to grow on me but once it did I realized how much I appreciate the vulnerability in the lyrics and the harmony.  \\"Countdown\\" and \\"End of time\\" have nice beats, both along with the beat actually convey a strong ode to a loved one.  It's just a great overall album that takes you on an emotional rollercoaster with some exceptional vocal performances.  Everyone should listen to this album whether your a Beyonce fan or not, it's quite different from her other albums so you may be surprised but I think it will be a pleasant surprise.
B004KAB4I8|4.0|Well, this is one little book you'll really like if you wish to learn the basics of Dragon Drawing. It's full of details and lessons that will get you drawing a dragon with relative ease, and, if you practice enough, developing a knack for it.     I must say, however, this is mostly a practical \\"I show, you copy\\" kind of book, which is not wrong at all. The thing  is you can only get so far by merely reading it. The tools that the author provides are enough to draw your own dragons, yes, but you gotta try them at your own pace and in your own terms to truly master them. It takes a while, unless you already know your pencil-handling, but it's really satisfying to get it right.     Anyway, there's a lot to be learned from this book: different shapes become different kinds of dragons, anatomy for an imaginary creature, different details you can add to your magnificent Wyrm, and enough examples to show how these principles merge into amazing art. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who is taking the first steps into fantasy art.     And, if you combine it with other books by Peffer -the new one on dragons or the one about other fantasy creatures- you will surely get the most of them. Believe me, I have done it.
0393327655|4.0|You have to love Sam Harris. Harris really gives a good overview of how all religions are extremist at their core. He argues that there is no such thing as moderatism. I kind of disagree on that point, thus the four stars instead of five.
B001G1ACVY|5.0|I like the songs of jason Miraz. The songs are so \\"in\\" in today's world. Moreover, it can be heard in whatever generation you are in. I enjoy them always. I repeat them over and over and they are not tiring.     Herman
B0002Z0EYA|2.0|This was so absurd that I kept laughing. The film makers were obviously more concerned with mass battle scenes and special effects than the development of the characters and the minor matter of remaining true to 'The Iliad'doesn't come into it.<br /><br />The script is downright bad. Two choice quotes sum it up:- 'Immortality awaits you. Take it!' 'Of all the Warlords loved by the gods, I hate him the worst.'<br /><br />This being so, I couldn't blame the actors in having difficulty in imparting humanity to such cardboard characters:- There's the 'Invincible Warrior Who Needs a Good Woman to Get in Touch with His Emotions', the 'Meglomaniac King' the 'Nice Fiesty Girl' and the 'Caddish Young Prince Who Must Grow Up'. You get the general idea...<br /><br />I suppose that was why in general, the acting was wooden, though it varied. Helen is more impressive later on and always lovely to look at and Peter O'Toole as King Priam and Sean Bean as Odysseus are brilliant, while Hector, Andromache and the less-than-heroic Paris are good. I thought the part where Helen comforts Paris after his cowardice in the battle with Menelaus was sweet.<br /><br />I assume that Brad Pitt's sullen, impassive-faced Achilles was script and director driven. He's generally a good actor, and I know he read 'The Iliad' before acting in this.<br /><br />Briesis is supposed to be brave, independent minded and spiritual, but somehow comes across as insipid. There is something tediously inevitable about the love affair between her and Achilles; her 'spirited' defence,then her surrender. The poor girl goes on to develop a violent case of 'Stockholm Syndrome'. For anyone interested, I go into this in more detail in my review on the F Word but I don't think I am allowed to quote the link under the Amazon guidelines.<br /><br />I think it was because of the abusive-relationship-aspect that meant that the last scene between these lovers,which should be touching, left me dry-eyed.<br /><br />In fact, BradPitt's impassive face throughout was so unstimulating that I found my attention wandering from the action to questions such as:- Whether his tan was that spray-on stuff that body builders use to accentuate their muscles? Why his skin looked so oddly rubbery? Why he alone, of all the warriers, was smothered in oil - possibly filched from Hector and Andromache's delightful baby?<br /><br />Also, and quite unreasonably, I didn't find him a believable Achilles with that tiny nose of his - I couldn't believe in an Achilles without one of those lovely long Greek noses he is always depicted as having in ancient vase paintings, etc. That was unfair of me, as nobody else had such a nose, so why hold it against Brad PItt?<br /><br />This is good to have a laugh over with a group of friends, but if you want a serious modern take on The Iliad, look elsewhere...
B000NH7SZ0|5.0|I bought this unit for a Brother [[ASIN:B00439GOKY Brother HL4570CDW Wireless Color Printer]] printer, and it installs quickly (showing 384MB RAM).
B003U9NAD2|5.0|I love everything on this album. Every song is perfect, the guitars are raw like a rusty chainsaw, and Vikernes sings like he was about to kill someone the second after. Standout tracks: the first song and the 25 mins atmospheric one.<br /><br />If you're a catholic or a believer this is a must.<br /><br />5/5
1451629184|5.0|I read that Jaycee did not want to write a book at first but I am so happy that she saw to it that her voice was heard at last.  Think of the \\"Diary of Anne Frank\\" in the significance and quality of the writing. I read it straight through without stopping. Highly recommend.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Okay! first off like the other reviews here I am a long time Yes fan for over 25 years, I knew of Benoit (who was supposed to temporary)being the replacement singer for Yes, I had heard his live footage singng Anderson's classic,s and was impressed that he could puul it off so well, even better than Trevor Horn did when he sang during the drama days Even though I thought Drama was a great album, so here is the plus and minus of ths album,     Okay the Pros, musically this album is fantastic, espcially credit to Chris Squire and Steve Howe, Steve seems to take his playing to a different approach which is good, it doesn't sound like all the playing style he has done on previous Yes albums,and Chris as always is stellar on his bass playing, and Alan is great on his drumming even though it's really no different ,and this cd has a lot of eneregy to it despite being a somewhat mellow but rocking album.    Okay now the cons, the cons is not so much with Benoit singing, he is a great singer and he is able to acomplish playing for yes, which I myself being a singer would never had been able to pull off, but although I don't want or expect him to try and be a Jon anderson clone by no means, on this album he sounds to me a little too much like the singer for AIR SUPPLY, so it's kind of weird and will take some getting used to , and now whats making me critical on this , Geoff Downes is playing not bad by any means, he is a very talented keyboard player, but the sounds he uses on this are far too outdated, and I feel he needs to break out of that 80's and 70's moog sound bubble that you would hear in Styx or Asia, and try a different approach, in his sound.    Also on a personal thing i need to get over, is I am still not too happy with what they did by abandoning Jon Anderson , who almost died during his illness, after 40 years and they just did that to him was quite unfair, it's not like Drama when he left on his own, he was in a very bad state, and it was like he was teatedlike an expendable. I am glad he has recovered and he has moved on, and I am glad he might be doing something with Wakeman, and Rabin soon, and I do wish Benoit success whether he stays in  yes from this point on or moves on considering Yes has never had the same linup of musicians in more than two albums at a time.    So I give this almost 4 stars for it's musical efforts, but I do think thos cd will have to grow on me a little bit more, and if I can see them in concert, I will. This album is not a disappointment, but I don't see it being one of thier best either. But it is an acceptable piece of work.
B00005NB8K|2.0|I should preface this by stating I really do NOT like Oliver Stone movies (other than Natural Born Killers), for some reason I feel very disconnected to them. And he does it again with the Doors. On the recommendation of my son I watched this on a borrow and I have to say I watched the entire run of the movie and still know NOTHING about THE DOORS. The movie is instead filled with psychedelic filler of the highest order and Jim Morrison comes off as nothing more than a sullen drunken crybaby.     All the relationships seemed forced and nothing about this era or group seemed interesting at all, and I have to think that's simply not true in real life. A lot has been made of Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison and for all the hype I've heard I can say I was mildly let down, which could be more a fault of the script since NO ONE not even the lead had any type of depth or worthwhile backstory, so what more can an actor do? I actually thought Meg Ryan was the stand out, and that doesn't say a lot.
0740797719|5.0|This book provides the fundamentals for any painter illustrator, or commercial artist! I would highly recommend that if you are interested in art to buy this book it is by far one of the better art reference books and it  is certainly a good resource.
0553582038|4.0|Some of the new characters were an extremely nice change of pace: Cersei and Jamie were probably among my favorite. I am enjoying the evolution of Jamie and Arya. Sansa seems to be coming into her own, and beginning to understand how to play the game of thrones.<br /><br />All in all, this books pace is slightly slower than the previous books, there are more characters to worry about, and some pointless ones. But it provides and interesting view of the world from characters we haven't previously heard from.<br /><br />On a side note. I very much dislike all the Brienne chapters, and her character.
0345529057|4.0|I thoroughly enjoy every one of George R R Martin's books.  But there are either pages missing or pages out of order in each book. This doesn't really impact the reader's ability to follow the story - and if you are an avid fan such as myself, it is merely an inconvenience that doesn't detract from the marvelous story he is telling.
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|Last year, Pixar hit gold with Toy Story 3, which may be their crowning moment of glory. One particularly raved about scene (and understandably why) showed the toys being thrust face first into an inferno, trying their hardest to escape, but ultimately holding hands and coming to the realization that they are going to die. That scene became the most talked about scene in 2010's lists of summer blockbusters, on par with the brilliant fight scene in Inception where Arthur fights a man in a hotel hallway with shifting gravity.<br /><br />Because of that, Pixar thought it would be cool to thrust High Octane Nightmare Fuel in their next (supposed) family oriented movie, including a rather gnarly fight between cars in a lube station, cars being destroyed with a laser type machine with the fuel in them, cars being tied up and begging for their lives, a pair of cars being tied to the gears of Big Ben and many others.<br /><br />Aside from that general bit of unpleasantness in this bafflingly G rated movie, nothing happens.<br /><br />No, seriously, nothing happens. Mater essentially drives around blabbering. On sense for essentially 75% of the movie. There is some bullcrap about Mater and an Italian race car and something about British intelligence. But the problem is, both of those sub stories go NOWHERE.<br /><br />One should sincerely hope that Pixar was simply trolling us with even the idea of a Cars 2. Cars had a very mixed reacton from Pixar's overall fan base. It got the lowest rating prior to this movie on Rotten Tomatoes with 74%. And it's box office numbers were just barely average, even by Pixar standards. So with low expectations in place, one could expect a disappointment, and that said, that person is correct.<br /><br />Just avoid this movie. Pixar, hang your heads in shame.
0441013597|5.0|There is very little to add that hasn't already been said in the 5 star reviews. This is an excellent and enthralling science fiction book. Every character is well-developed, the story flows exceptionally well, and the philosophical aspect helped me to discover a different perspective in my own life. This book has made it into my top 5 favorites. I recommend this book to anyone.
0545259088|5.0|It started in Shiver when Grace finally understands her connection to the wolf who has watched her from the woods behind her home since she was a young girl... it continued in Linger as Grace now along with Sam fight to find a way to be together...<br /><br />and now concludes in Forever, when everything seems to be falling apart.... the wolves are being hunted, the truth can not possibly be shared and now it seems to have all come down on the shoulders of Sam, Grace, Cole, and Isabel... all who know the great cost of what is happening and running out of time to find the answers...<br /><br />Whoa.  Hold the trilogy phone - I think we have a winner.<br /><br />Forever started out alternating the chapters of the four main characters of the story at this point.  We have Grace of course, now living a very different life as a wolf, and as a seventeen year old girl.  When wolf - it is about survival... when girl... it is about Sam.<br /><br />Sam of course, is all about Grace.  He worries for her 24 hours a day... we worries about the talk of the towns people to kill off the pack and he wonders how to get her to safety...<br /><br />Cole is still wise cracking, quick witted, and annoying Isabel... but underneath it all he has a new layer.  A depth to him that did not exist before.  Instead of the selfish \\"all about me\\" Cole, we are now seeing a Cole who is working hard to figure out a way to cure the pack - to save Grace, and to keep those he now loves like family, close to him.<br /><br />Isabel has also changed - a bit.  Still angry, sometimes for no reason (even she does not understand her responses), she also wants to help her friends as long as it is on her terms and does not have to do anything with Cole.  Well... at least not much.... well... maybe a little bit......  *GAH!*<br /><br />As the story begins to flow for me, reminding me of the who's and the where's and the whats of the previous book I feel like in the beginning I am playing catch up until suddenly there is a moment in the book where the world of Mercy Falls splits wide open for me and I am in.... ALL IN.  As in \\"do not make me put this book down or I will bite you\\" in.<br /><br />I am impressed with the writing, many times the way phrases were worded they gave me pause.  I had to refelct a moment on the words.<br /><br />  There is no better taste than this:  someone elses laughter in your mouth.  ~  Sam page 78<br /><br />Suddenly, I am part of the pack.  I am reading in amazement as author Maggie Stiefvater brings in all the elements left hanging in the previous books and packs them into this final one with great talent.  I read as though I am personally affected by the outcome... and in the end...<br /><br />I am.<br /><br />Is Forever everything I had hoped for?  Yes<br /><br />Is there any questions left, and stones unturned?  Yes, but I believe Maggie wanted it that way.  I am left with a question on my lips, and hope in my heart...<br /><br />and that is probably one of the best ways to leave a story.... leaving your reader.... wanting more.lls splits wide open for me and I am in.... ALL IN.  As in \\"do not make me put this book down or I will bite you\\" in.     I am impressed with the writing, many times the way phrases were worded they gave me pause.  I had to refelct a moment on the words.          There is no better taste than this:  someone elses laughter in your mouth.  ~  Sam page 78      Suddenly, I am part of the pack.  I am reading in amazement as author Maggie Stiefvater brings in all the elements left hanging in the previous books and packs them into this final one with great talent.  I read as though I am personally affected by the outcome... and in the end...    I am.     Is Forever everything I had hoped for?  Yes    Is there any questions left, and stones unturned?  Yes, but I believe Maggie wanted it that way.  I am left with a question on my lips, and hope in my heart...    and that is probably one of the best ways to leave a story.... leaving your reader.... wanting more.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I don't buy movies often but after watching a copy of Sicko from my local library I just had to support the work that had been done on this documentary by purchasing my own copy. The dismal state of health care in America is not a pleasant subject and those who would have no compassion for others often denigrate Michael Moore's efforts at exposing the truth, but I am hoping that watching Sicko will open the hearts and minds of at least a few people out there who do not choose to keep their heads buried in the sand. Would that corporate influences in Congress could be eliminated so that all Americans could receive at least basic health services that EVERY other first world (and many 2nd & 3rd) nation on the planet provides to protect their citizens. There's no excuse for Americans suffering and dying from lack of care simply because they're American.
B003UYV08E|2.0|I was a big fan of the first Iron Man movie. On the second installment though, it seems they went for the blockbuster effect, but forgot that in the end its about the story. I found the plot a little meandering, esp. with the way they try to sequence Iron Man in with others from the Marvel Universe. I think that if they try to do a third installment, they should remember the first movie....and try to make it a interesting story, not just a money maker.
1577311523|4.0|The one issue I have with Tolle's teachings is that it seems that he treats what he calls the \\"pain body\\" as something bad that needs to be eradicated    From my experience, what he calls the pain body, stems from previous moments in our lives where we suppressed, for various reasons...    And when we treat the pain body as something negative that needs to be eliminated, it's hard not to view it as a threat of some sort, you are still resisting it in the NOW    I find it is much better to treat the pain body like a child who just wants to know everything is going to be ok...treat it with love, compassion, and with kid gloves. Be the parent to yourself that was needed in those previous moments...    Best
0385340540|4.0|This is another novel in a long line of great books by John Grisham. You know it's going to be a fun book when the CIA is leaking someones whereabouts just to see who kills him. When I read the jacket of the book I was afraid that they may have given too much of the plot away. I was wrong. There was still plenty of suspense and drama to be had. This book had me guessing how it was going to end until it was over. I must admit that I didn't guess right at all.       The characters in this book are well rounded and well developed. It seems that Grisham takes great pride in developing the characters and the settings of his books and it shows. The chase in this book takes you into 3 or 4 different countries and crosses paths with many, many people.       If you are a mystery fan or a Grisham fan then this book is a good read for you. It's not as good as \\"A Time to Kill\\" or \\"Runaway Jury\\" but it's by far better than \\"The Brethren\\" (those references will make sense to the Grisham addicts out there).       Overall Rating: 4/5
B0015DYIH2|2.0|UMMM. So this review is gonna have some spoilers FYI.   1. bella and edward get married  2. then they have sex  3. then next thing you know bella's pregnant  4. bella has her baby [ and for some reason she names her baby Renesmee......????]  5. jacob imprints on renesmee   6. immediately after bella gave birth; edward bites her  7. bella becomes a vampire  8. there's a &#34;major war&#34; between vampires and the volturi coven   9. the book is now over  10. the end :(
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Downloaded to my HTC Incredible and works great.  Used it to sniff out the Channels of neighboring routers so I could set which channel I wanted my WIFI.  My problem was with my PS3 (WIFI) and being booted off Multi-Player Sessions from Router Interference from my Neighbors.    It is great, I can see which channels are in High Useage, change to the less used one in my Router, then fire up the PS3.    Very Helpful.
B005529BDK|3.0|This is a game most people have played a hundred times before. I'm being nice in giving it three stars, as I want to judge it alone instead of rating it based on what else is out there. It's not a bad game, just a terribly familiar one.
B0002NIRIC|5.0|This is the best string cleaner I've used till date. It cleans all dirt, greatly brightens tone. My strings seem to last a lot longer and I leave them on for about a month more than I used to. String corrosion starts to set in much later than before. As for bass players you will instantly notice a huge difference in brightness after using this. (more than guitars) Although this brightness will not last too long, maybe just long enough for a session or a gig.   The lubrication is just right, won't leave your fret board oily and slippery. Everyone I know who's used this loves it!
B0018QOIXU|5.0|I realy like Adele and knew I had to get her CD. This one and \\"21\\" I bought. They are the first CD's I've purchased in.....I don't even know how many years!  She is awesome!
B004GUSG4M|1.0|This was one of the most annoying books I have ever read.  It should have been a short story.  I was literally flipping through the pages reading just to be done with it.  Would not recommend.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I realy like Adele and knew I had to get her CD. This one and \\"19\\" I bought. They are the first CD's I've purchased in.....I don't even know how many years!  She is awesome!
1590171993|3.0|As I marveled at John Williams' extraordinarily clean and straightforward writing style, I had a hard time warming up to William Stoner.<br /><br />Williams is kind enough, in the first paragraph, to warn us that Stoner's career as a university assistant professor was unremarkable.  Few students, we are told, \\"remembered him with any sharpness after they had taken his courses.\\"<br /><br />That was my feeling after reading the book, too.  The main message I took away from \\"Stoner\\" is that an only child from a poor farm takes the same approach to teaching students as he did to chores around home.  Stoner's childhood home \\"was bound together by the necessity of its toil\\" and he brings that same ethic to university life and his marriage. Williams hides Stoner's joy from us, if there is any.  Stoner battles a dull marriage and fights for his principles in the university snake pit. He grows weary--and so do we.  He acknowledges the \\"density of accident and circumstance\\" that is his life and the state of \\"general sadness\\" in which he finds himself.<br /><br />Late in his life, Williams lets us know that the years \\"blurred together, and Stoner went through them as he might have through a driving and nearly unendurable storm, his head down, his jaw locked, his mind fixed upon the next step and the next and the next.\\"  It's not an easy journey to join.<br /><br />Williams' sturdy prose is admirable, but the omniscient narrator and passive \\"telling\\" of Stoner's life also adds to distant, cool nature of the story.
0553386794|1.0|I'm new to this writer and this series of books, but after seeing an episode of the HBO television show based off of Martin's epic I decided to pick up a copy of Game of Thrones as something to read on deployment.  I read many of the reviews on here before buying and thought that I knew what I was getting myself into but I was dead wrong.  I'm not going to call the book trash or berate it in anyway, I just want to point out a few things to potential readers so that they know what they're getting themselves into with A Game of Thrones.<br />This book, while written well enough, is not for a reader who's looking for action, intrigue and high adventure.  Intrigue, maybe, but more in the vein of a soap opera.  There is no central character, each chapter is written from a different person's point of view and what little action it contains is very dry and brief.<br />I was so turned off by the slow pace of this book that I now also have no interest in seeing any of the HBO adaptation, which come to find out was made basically due to Martin's apparent tendency to \\"make it up as he goes\\" with no clear vision as to where exactly this epic is going.  Which means that it's not really fair to call it an epic at all, but rather a serial.  This also makes it ideal for adaptation as the makers can just continue to film new stories long past the point where a deliberate epic would end.<br />Anyway, if none of this bothers you and you were more of a Guiding Light fan than a Next Generation fan, then this book and series is probably exactly what you're looking for.
B000AQJPQE|4.0|Small light up sun with 8 planets that rotate around it.  Could be bigger but the kids still like it.
0545265355|5.0|What a wonderful series!! Loved it! Captivating and engaging from the very beginning! Hope to see more from this author!
B002RKSZKI|4.0|For some reason, I am not at all a fan of contemporary romance novels and yet I love Jane Austen.  Emma is very much like Pride and Prejudice or Sense and Sensibility in style.  The characters are beautifully developed as with Austen's other novels.  There may be a bit too much emphasis on understanding one's place in society.  Emma's pickings become very slim making her eventual engagement predictable, and her attempt to play matchmaker and improve a friend's standing is met with disastrous results.  Bottom line - if you like Jane Austen, you will like this book.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|One of the most fun games I've played on a phone.  Control is great with dual joystick onscreen controls.<br />I normally trend to prefer mind/thinking/puzzle games on my phone, but this is just pure, unadulterated, zombie killing fun.
B000BTC5LW|4.0|This dopey video is infuriating when it brings the stupid cinematic \\"interpretations\\" to the forefront.  They SUCK and I have absolutely no interest in them.  I came here to see the BAND, so the incompetent post-production personnel should've known better and kept the focus SOLELY ON THE BAND!  (Ugh!  Those \\"films\\" are offensively lame!!)<br /><br />And what's up with Gilmour?!  Listen bloke, t-shirt and jeans would work if you were a metal act - and oh, how I wish Pink Floyd had gone more metal, a la \\"The Wall\\" - but here, with your gut hangin' out... dude, you couldn't have dressed up a little?!<br /><br />\\"Roger Waters In The Flesh\\" is three times better than this DVD but this is still a worthy collectible.  This really adds insight as to why Waters chose to separate from these failing hacks.<br /><br />And where the hell is \\"Astronomy Domine\\" which was included on the CD of this concert?!  Those post-Waters Floyd songs are near unlistenable and I skip right past them to get to the good stuff.<br /><br />I recommend this DVD but I want more Pink Floyd performance videos, preferably on BLU-RAY!  From what is currently available now, I haven't found anything better than the excellent \\"Roger Waters In The Flesh\\" which I view regularly.<br /><br />So there.
B004J4WLPU|3.0|I loved the first half of this book, but then it got bogged down with too many red herrings and when the reader finally got to the end, most of the story, just didn't add up.
B0036EH3WU|3.0|The collection came with several parts missing, including the ankh and several of the play pieces.  The so-called special light didn't work.  Other than that, the DVDs themselves were what I expected...I could have done without the self promotion of ABC and Disney programs within the DVD previews.
B004VUP8WK|4.0|Its great that david vincent is back. His voice has definetly changed. But still awesome. The album has 3 or so tracks that were a little to commercial & seemed out of place. Other than that its great. & I'm glad that Trey Azagthoth stuck to his guns 4 the guitar parts & solos. Tim yeung is a beast as well as the new rhythm guitar player they have now acquired. But their energy is amazing.Morbid Angel rules!!!!!
B001KDQ4KQ|5.0|This book was not only a book I could not out down, but I still feel the love and the strong emotions that Jodi escirbed in her novel. This book was well written.  I loved this book so much that I have read it twice!
1577314808|2.0|The Power of Now is an appealingly written mix of powerful spiritual truths, meaningless babble, and falsehoods.  Tolle has taken some good wisdom from the world's religions, dressed it in New Age language, personalized it with his own less impressive wisdom, and then used a powerful personal story* to sell the book.    I gave it the second star because it really does emphasize some good aspects of spirituality (especially the freedom of living in the moment).  If you already have a good grounding in spritual wisdom, you can probably pick out the good stuff from the nonsense.  But if you already know the good stuff, why waste your time on this?  And I can see how some uninformed people could be misled.  So I really can't recommend the book to anyone.  But there are some good things. Here are some examples:      The Good:     Direct all thoughts towards the present moment.  Don't dwell on mistakes of the past or anxiety about the future.    Meditation is good.    Tap your subconscious for creativity.    Self-awareness (being able to observe and reflect on your thinking and emotions as they occur) can be a powerful tool.    Our ego gets in our way a lot.        The Bad:    All spiritual truth can be found inside yourself (he writes quite a long book and does a lot of lectures and workshops for him to really believe that)    A number of misleading scientific \\"examples\\", especially concerning animals and spacetime (pages 24, 34, 99, 137-140)    False interpretation of religious texts, especially the gospels (such as pages 95, 101, 105)    Promotes belief in reincarnation        The Ugly:    \\"The pain-body consists of trapped life-energy that has split off from your total energy field and has temporarily become autonomous through the unnatural process of mind identification.\\"    \\"You haven't yet grasped the essence of what I am saying because you are trying to understand it mentally.  The mind cannot understand this.  Only you can.  Please just listen.\\"    \\"In this way,you grow in presence power.  It generates an energy field in you and around you of a high vibrational frequency.  No unconsciousness, no negativity, no discord or violence can enter the field and survive,\\"    \\"Even a stone has rudimentary consciousness; otherwise, it would not be, and its atoms and molecules would disperse.  Everything is alive.\\"    \\"Consciousness is evolving throughout the universe in billions of forms.  So even if we didn't make it, this wouldn't matter on a cosmic scale.  No gain in consciousness is ever lost, so it would simply express itself through some other form.  But the very fact that I am speaking here and you are listening or reading this is a clear sign that the new consciousness is gaining a foothold on the planet.\\"        * Something I don't understand.  In his story, he was utterly despondent and suicidal, then was fixed by a brilliant moment of enlightenment, and woke up in the morning happy and joyful.  What does this book have to do with his own spiritual awakening?  He seems to say that some people were \\"lucky\\" and fixed in a moment like him, while others have to work for it.  But what makes him the authority on working towards enlightenment, when he's one of the people who didn't have to do it?    Also, he is quite egotistical for a spiritual authority.  He has a very outsized view of how \\"enlightened\\" he is compared to everyone else and how greatly the world will benefit from his personal work.
B001L51RQE|5.0|You can't beat the price - DVD is great quality! 2 DVDs/2CDs -- INCREDIBLE!!! They look good and sound so damn great! The song choices are wonderful. This will replace my Synchronicity Concert with the cheezy, irritating strobing light effects. The packaging is pretty flimsy - that's the only negative I can speak of, though I feel pretty crummy even bothering to comment about that! [Discs come loose VERY easily - slide around/fall out with the thin plastic spindles.]
B004LWZW2E|5.0|I dare you to watch this movie ALONE at night!  Then ask yourself was it scary. This is the perfect blend of realism without overwhelming special effects that are empty in meaning and corny background music that tries to fake you out.  This is a really good story that builds on itself (meaning what you watch in the beginning and what characters do and say comes to make sense in the plot later in the movie) is played out before your eyes with only a few special effects until you are captured in the movie and then come the real special effects that literally take you into that other world and blow your mind away.    When I say other world I literally mean it takes you into another world and keeps you there as the characters travel and have to discover how to survive between the two.  Maybe this is what throws some viewers off when So many horror movies give you a killer or evil spirit that only is to be known as an enemy with no soul that just kills because something once bad happened to him or it.  This movie has actual character, human and evil to make you really scared of it.  I repeat This movie gives you a world of horror and takes you there with subtlety and later in the movie complete boldness.  This movie is great also on its different take of horror & original in many circumstances. Maybe some people want that typical horror movie where someone is possessed and needs an exorcism or where sounds go on in a house and come to find out it is the dead girl who was once raped and now seeks revenge by killing every human in her without ever communicating with anyone.  It's my favorite horror movie probably since The Others (which was another movie with true horror and a lot less special fx). I would love to spoil the movie for anyone, but just suffice it to say I rent 99% of the 200 movies a year I see and I choose to buy this.
B001DDBCUA|5.0|It seemed like eternity, and a lot of rumors from gossip magazines, until the Sex and the City movie was released. As an avid fan, I devoured every minute of it.<br /><br />Here are some important things to note:<br /><br />*The beginning was everything I could've asked for. I loved Aiden, but Big just had something just as unique as Carrie that I always loved. I always rooted for him, no matter how many times they broke up. I loved seeing Carrie happy for a change.<br /><br />*The marriage of Carrie Bradshaw and John James Preston (it was so weird to hear his first name over and over!) True to form, Mr. Big finds some way to break her heart. But he did it in a BIG, BIG way. I was truly angered by this. The whole time he was sitting in his car I was thinking \\"you're such a coward.\\" It seems so unreal to me that even Big would sink to something that low; but he did, and luckily, in the end everything worked out for the both of them.<br /><br />*Charlotte and Harry's daughter(s). I know after the very last episode of Sex and the City, when we see Lily for the first time, everybody was dying to see what she actually looked like. And of course we all wanted Charlotte and Harry to have a baby, because frankly they are the perfect couple. I was over-joyed when she found out she was pregnant; we've been watching these girls for so long, it's almost as exciting as a family member getting pregnant. Having gone through a troubling time with my first pregnancy, I really think Charlotte did an amazing job portraying the fear of a \\"high risk\\" pregnancy.<br /><br />*Smith and Samantha. Although I didn't like that she moved to L.A. at first, and thought she would remain there, the movie took a twist and she ended up right where she belonged. Part of me is sad that they broke up because quite frankly Smith is the best thing she's ever had, but part of me was happy to see the \\"old\\" Samantha come back. I love her antics, the way she talks and the way she acts. And the way she ended things were beautiful but true to form. She loved him, but she loved herself more. Very empowering.<br /><br />*Miranda, Steve and Brady. Their roles were so very deep in this movie.. Especially with Steve's mother. And, as Sex and the City always does, they gave them a situation that many couples are faced with; infidelity. My heart did break a little when she moved out, and you could tell he was heartbroken, but the outcome did not disappoint me. And to watch Brady grow was so amazing; I am sure many were just as excited as me to see what he looked like after a few years had gone by.<br /><br />*Jennifer Hudson's role in this movie. She did such an amazing job as a supporting (literally) actress. She's strong, she's blunt, but she was exactly what Carrie needed at that moment in her life.<br /><br />*And last, but certainly not least, the four of the girls together, just like old times. I always get jealous of their support system. They are there for each other throughout everything. Even with Samantha some thousand miles away, you could feel the same strength of their friendship that you feel throughout the series.<br /><br />This movie did the series justice, which pleasantly surprised me. I would highly suggest it for all the fabulous SATC fans :). She loved him, but she loved herself more. Very empowering.    *Miranda, Steve and Brady. Their roles were so very deep in this movie.. Especially with Steve's mother. And, as Sex and the City always does, they gave them a situation that many couples are faced with; infidelity. My heart did break a little when she moved out, and you could tell he was heartbroken, but the outcome did not disappoint me. And to watch Brady grow was so amazing; I am sure many were just as excited as me to see what he looked like after a few years had gone by.     *Jennifer Hudson's role in this movie. She did such an amazing job as a supporting (literally) actress. She's strong, she's blunt, but she was exactly what Carrie needed at that moment in her life.     *And last, but certainly not least, the four of the girls together, just like old times. I always get jealous of their support system. They are there for each other throughout everything. Even with Samantha some thousand miles away, you could feel the same strength of their friendship that you feel throughout the series.     This movie did the series justice, which pleasantly surprised me. I would highly suggest it for all the fabulous SATC fans :)
B001DF68MA|4.0|We had a great time riding but she had a couple problems  She got tried and fell a sleep! It was a biit hard keeping her in the seat. And just like her mom she likes to be in control and drive. 19 mos.!
B0000041XX|5.0|My wifes favourite video is the Three tenors in concert  in Rome, I bought this so we could play the music in the car.Amazon were very good  with delivery and tracking
B00428ZRFE|5.0|rihanna has done it again..represented her caribbean island proudly...good album. Item was received in very good condition as described & on time
B004YKB52O|5.0|I am not a HUGE fan of SP's third album, yes, there was some great music in there, but it didn't have the Pop-punk feel that WAS Simple Plan. I AM a bug fan of the first two albums, and, this album is exactly what we (as SP fans) have waited for. It has the high energy that the third lacked and instead of changing their feel completely, they just put a modern twist on the old school, high energy, pop-punk that we all know and love. If you are a Simple Plan fan, then buy this CD. No, don't download it from iTunes, BUY THE CD. You'll look back on it and be proud you did.
B000WYCF6Q|3.0|I have two of these mirrors, one on each side of the handlebars on my Bacchetta Strada.  They are easy to install, just strap them on, and they look good.  However, I would like them a lot better if they were glass instead of chrome.  The chrome scratches too easily, and it is harder to keep clean than glass is.  The mirror on the left side got scratched, probably from the bike next to it on a bike stand.  If I had the choice again today, I'd probably look for something else.
0545259088|5.0|With it's well paced romance, heartache, suspense and light humor, Forever is a fitting end to a captivating series.<br /><br />I love this series. Maggie Stievfater has a talent for weaving together beauty, heartache, love, yearning, change, character growth and a sense of belonging that made it so easy for me to fall in love with The Wolves of Mercy Falls. Her writing isn't just beautiful, poetic, and flawless, it's completely engaging and mesmerizing. Unlike the rest of the series I had to pace myself with Forever, which I'll admit was extremely hard to do. My wanting to savor everything that was going to happen, and wishing this series didn't have to end helped me to not devour this book as quickly as I did the others.<br /><br />I loved seeing the story from four different points of views. I felt the characters bonds of friendship, their trust with each other, and the love they have for another grew a lot. I admire the inner strength and the courage they each have, to face their inner battles. Grace, Sam, Cole and Isabel are such strong characters in their own ways, and in Forever I came to love them all equally. There is a lot that happens in Forever and I liked the way Maggie paced the story. It not only allowed me to feel connected emotionally to her characters and story, but she allowed me to feel the desperation, defiance, fear, forgiveness and small glimmer of hope each of the characters had throughout the book. One of my all time favorite things about this series is Sam and Grace's love for each other. With everything Grace and Sam endure over the series and especially in Forever, their love continues to be ageless and beautiful. It's realistic, it's solid, it's enduring, forgiving and strong. The wonderful thing about it is that I'm not left feeling like it was a fairytale love, it's a love that's real and as Maggie recently said, \\"is completely attainable as long as you swear you won't settle for less.\\"<br /><br />I'll admit, I was a little worried to read Forever. Not just because it's the ending of one of my favorite series, but I didn't want to become a blubbering wreck after I finished it. Surprisingly I didn't cry once, though I wanted to a few times. Ending this series feels like saying good bye to an old friend. Though I'm sad the series has to come to an end I felt the ending was perfect. I'm left with a sense of fulfillment and I am completely satisfied with what Maggie did. For me the ending was perfectly fitting and I'm left feeling hopeful for my favorite character's futures.<br /><br />There are so many more things I'd love to say about Forever. I really enjoyed this book as much as I have enjoyed the entire series. If you haven't already picked up Shiver & Linger, I highly recommend that you do. I definitely recommend going out and picking up a copy of Forever TODAY!read Forever. Not just because it's the ending of one of my favorite series, but I didn't want to become a blubbering wreck after I finished it. Surprisingly I didn't cry once, though I wanted to a few times. Ending this series feels like saying good bye to an old friend. Though I'm sad the series has to come to an end I felt the ending was perfect. I'm left with a sense of fulfillment and I am completely satisfied with what Maggie did. For me the ending was perfectly fitting and I'm left feeling hopeful for my favorite character's futures.<br /><br />There are so many more things I'd love to say about Forever. I really enjoyed this book as much as I have enjoyed the entire series. If you haven't already picked up Shiver & Linger, I highly recommend that you do. I definitely recommend going out and picking up a copy of Forever TODAY!
0736092269|5.0|For anyone who is serious about their resistance training, particularly weight lifting, this book is an indispensable source of information, if one is interested in learning more about their sport/hobby. I highly recommend it, and for the money? Can't be beat as far as I know!
B004EPYZPS|2.0|With heightened anticipation (Steven Spielberg is THE cinematic deity and Abrams...well Lost was quite original) based on a phenominal trailer I took my family to see Super 8. The movie seems to have been heavily influenced by ET and while it's not completely fair to make the connection, the movie would have been better served had it taken some lessons from the classic. I enjoyed the developing relationship between Joe and Alice who find a connection based on their difficult family circumstances and it was a pleasure watching these two young actors, as well as the other supporting character child roles. Unfortunately the movie fails miserably on three counts. One, the \\"bad guy\\", a military commander, is the same standard two-dimensional, typical cardboard cut out baddie that we've seen a gazillion times before. Two, the movie attempts to have the audience feel empathetic to a creature-character in the film, but fails to invest in any meaningful attachments that had to happen between it and the children. In fact, scenes were chosen that actually work against the emotional buildup that's required to appreciate the ending, instead you could really care less. I've seen ET nearly three dozen times in the last 25 years and it never fails to bring moisture to my eyes in the final moments of the film while your heart is breaking because of the character bond's established in the film - there is none of that here. Third, special effects and action scenes are fun to watch, (the train wreck scene is pretty cool, I'm not going to lie) but it would have been better to put more emphasis on story and character than on sequences that seemed pointless or were drawn out too long. Overall, I was marginally entertained, but felt let down given the pedigree of the talent behind the film - as if God was resting on the Sabbath day.
0439023521|5.0|I rarely write reviews on books, but I just had to with this one.  The Hunger Games is such as easy read, and so are the other 2 books in the series.  I literally couldn't put it down.  Recommended it to both my fiance and father and they read all 3 books in record timing.  Easily the best fiction series I have ever picked up.    Every chapter ends in a way that you can't help but start the next.  The characters are introduced and developed so flawlessly and are so unique.    Phenomenal!
0802473156|5.0|LOVE LOVE LOVE this book. It has so many good points in it and so many things it pointed out in my marriage i never would have thought of or seen to change. The best thing i have ever read for our marriage!!
0307716511|5.0|Before I'd read 50 pages, I knew I'd be reading this book through to its stunning ending.  It's amazingly well-crafted for a debut novel and I was completely engrossed in the story of Beatrice and Tess.  It's also a wonderful testimony to sisterhood and totally believable, as I see it lived out in my own daughters' close relationship.  I simply can't express how impressed I am with this book and its author.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This pocket pal sharpener is a very helpful tool when I do outdoor activity. It's small, light, and easy to carry. This quality sharpener is the perfect size. It is very easy to use and it sharpen the knife in no time. It does a great job of getting those hard to sharpen areas sharp. I recommend picking one up for your outdoors activity.
B0025KVLTC|5.0|Revolver is when they make a change to their sound, experiment more with their music and different genres. It's a lot different than Rubber Soul and more hard rock. There's a lot more electric guitar and less acoustic. The folk influence,  isn't present on Revolver that was on Rubber Soul and Help!. I'd prefer it over Sgt. Pepper and Abbey Road, which are great albums but their mid career was the best. Their music is more mature but it's before their music becomes too psychedelic. Revolver is labeled as psychedelic but it isn't really besides \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\", \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\" and \\"Love You To\\". Taxman, She Said She Said, For No One and Got To Get You Into My Life are my highlights of Revolver. \\"Yellow Submarine\\" is the only song that isn't great and it's still decent, besides that the rest of the album's a masterpiece and it has the best of the early and late Beatles.
B0034G4ORM|3.0|Why do all  technologically advanced and overwhelming alien armies always have a single point of failure that some scrappy team of humans can use to \\"take them down.\\"  All we have to do is push this button, or overload this reactor, or detonate this object, etc ... and the invasion is defeated. Star Wars, Independence Day, you name it, the story is almost always the same.  Can't we be more creative? Anyway, the point I'm getting to is that this movie is fairly predictable and follows a well-known storyline.  The same cookie-cutter characters are here.  The newly graduated commander who think he knows it all, the hardened vet, the plucky woman, the crying children that need saving, the two lifelong buddies (gee, I wonder if something will happen to one of them). The aliens come down in what are first thought be meteors... yeah that's original.        They tried to make this movie into a combat film, with lots of explosions, soldiers running for cover, bullets flying, etc.  I will give the film credit for trying to combine an urban combat film with  the alien invasions genre, but the film does not do great job a either. It's not a great war movie and its not a great alien film.      One of the more annoying things was that they used the handheld camera technique, often used in recent combat films, even before the action starts.  A character is in a florist shop buying flowers or two characters are talking in an office, and the camera is bobbing and swiftly panning around like they were filming some \\"run for cover\\" action scene.  Very annoying.    One of my tests for the quality of a movie is whether I find myself looking at the clock to see how much longer this will go on. . . with this film I did.  I'm glad I waited for online streaming version because I would have been dissappointed had I wasted time and money in the theatre. It's not a terrible movie, just not a very good one.   It's the typical, sub-par, summertime alien invasion movie, no more, no less.
B004ZGI2KK|1.0|Sometimes you see a film that you know will be mediocre, yet you hope to at least be vaguely entertained by it.  This was not one of those films.  Catherine Hardwicke did an abhorrent job directing and her name is now forever burnt in my memory as someone whose films I won't touch with a ten-foot pole.  Every flat line of dialogue, every awkward attempt at acting and transitions smooth enough to bear semblance to a screeching pile of metal junk make you flinch and regret minutes of life wasted.  A laughable, painful to watch piece of garbage that I recommend you pass, no matter your afflictions in the cinematic arts.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|Over 1 Million kindle downloads earns John Locke the spot of being one of the most successful Indie Authors today.  If you've written a book, are writing a book or even thinking about writing a book, you need to put this on your must read list.  John Locke is the everyday hero of indie authors.  He acknowledges the tough challenge of making it as a self published author, but undaunted, he persevered and now has come out on top.  He's obviously a marketing genius but take notes and reread his book and you'll have some great tools to use when marketing your own book.  This book will motivate thousands of people all across America to look at themselves as enterpreneurs and to stand proud as Indie Writers.<br /><br />Thanks for the inspiration!<br /><br />Karen, a fellow indie author
0060989157|4.0|This book is like a car crash. You don't want to look but you just can't help it. On a serious note though, as a woman I am deeply offended by their behaviour and attitudes towards women. The women that have subjected themselves to Motley Crue must be the dumbest bi***es around with zero self esteem. They give the rest of us a bad name.
B002CAWNEM|2.0|I never thought Fatal Attraction would look deep and intricate until I saw Obsessed. It really made me appreciate the work that went into the 1987 film. By comparison, and even by itself, Obsessed had almost nothing to it. Despite production credits that boasted Beyonce Knowles and Magic Johnson, it would have been weak even as a TV movie.  The only good thing about the film owed less to Fatal Attraction than to Disclosure. Obsession created a sketchy but interesting picture of just how much of a mess sexual harassment by a female employee could create for a good boss and family man when he did nothing wrong but circumstances conspired to make it look like he did.  Here, the guy was a young executive at a hard-working, hard-partying investment firm. A good-looking guy with a history as a \\"player,\\" he married his last female office assistant. A sexy blonde temp is attracted to him, and his office buddy reacts with a \\"go for it\\" locker-room mentality. The exec has a lot to lose.  His wife is high-maintenance, strong-willed, and jealous, insisting that only male secretaries can work for him. Then his wife got even more touchy when her sister's marriage hit the rocks over infidelity. Another source of tension is that the exec is uncomfortable with his wife's plan to go back to school to \\"get her degree\\" (in what is not clear), now that their son was born.  At work, the exec is important to client relationships and to his firm's reputation. The temp uses her position (including listening in on his phone calls and manipulating his weakling permanent assistant) to get information about him. After several polite conversations, she suddenly became hyper-aggressive, ambushing the exec in a stall in the men's bathroom during an office holiday party (about the only scene in the movie with any real suspense, as to whether his co-workers would see and misinterpret what was going on) and in his car in the office parking garage. He rejected her and tried to discuss it with his wife, his buddy, and a human resources official, but for natural enough reasons ended up holding back each time. When the woman attempted suicide, after somehow secretly gaining access to his hotel room at a firm retreat, the situation blew up, with him looking terrible to his wife, co-workers, and police.  But the movie failed to develop the situation effectively or to take it anywhere. At crucial points in the story, the temp simply disappeared, either quitting work or being whisked away to another city by an unseen sister. Her actions did not build into a fast-paced, suspenseful sequence of events. Instead, even when reasonably well executed -- such as a visit to the exec's house to fool the babysitter into letting her get access to the baby -- they seemed aimless and disorganized. A prime example: the night before the suicide attempt, the temp drugged the guy senseless; in a confusing, dream-like sequence, she then showed up in his hotel room and got into bed with him. Nothing was ever made of this scene. Then the movie really fell apart, with little happening -- none of it surprising, interesting, or entertaining. This included a ridiculous, stagey, drawn-out catfight to the death between the wife and the scantily clad temp at the end. Musical sequences went on way too long in the movie and did not seem to fit. The pace was too slow.  Idris Elba was good, if somewhat wooden, with what he was given to do as the male lead. The temp was the thinnest of cardboard characters, a pure psycho with not a shred of depth or background or explanation for her behavior and with nothing meaningful to say or do. Frankly, I was embarrassed for Ali Lartner, who had nothing to work with in this film but her good looks. Beyonce seemed okay in the thin role of the wife until toward the end, when her lines and actions sunk to the worst of smack-mouth, tough-mama clichs. None of the supporting cast added anything worthwhile or memorable; all were let down by the weak material, especially the intelligent Christine Lahti looking pathetically ineffectual as a police detective.  I had hoped that this movie would be fun and interesting to watch. Instead, it was a near-total waste of time.
0553801473|1.0|**Spoiler Alert**<br /><br />It is one thing to intermittently kill off a protagonist to keep the narrative, and by extension the reader, honest; It is quite another to systematically kill off every sympathetic character in the series to the point the reader honestly no longer cares what happens. The latter is where I find myself at this point, there is exactly one character left that I am invested in, and it is a peripheral character. Every other character I have become invested in over the years is dead. I suppose I could contrive empathy for another character, but why bother? It has already exceeded \\"fool me twice shame on me\\" and I'm done giving Martin the benefit of the doubt.<br /><br />There is simply no suitable conclusion to Jon's story at this point. Either he really is dead and his entire arc was a superfluous waste of time, or he is revived by some miracle resurrection which by now has become a cliche of the series. Furthermore, the nascent ubiquity of such miracle resurrections has destroyed the atmosphere of the series by embracing the very fantasy tropes Martin once openly flouted.<br /><br />There was a time when a pivotal character dying added to the suspense of the series by letting you know no character was safe. By this point, however, the same trick has been pulled so many times as to make the reader numb to any empathy for any character. Thus does the series become an exercise in nihilism without relevance, context, or discourse.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|This is probably one of the best books i have ever read in my life. Although my emotions for the characters changed constantly with the storyline, Jamie Mcguires style of writing made this aspect work and it aided in the ending. I simply loved every bit of this book and I read it within 1 day.I am also in the midst of reading it again.  * Just a warning- after reading this book you may no longer be able to find an appropriate boyfriend when comparing him to the absolutely gorgeous and loving hottie that is Travis 'Mad Dog'Maddox!
B004WKOCP8|5.0|...this isn't for you. Then again, I'm not sure what old-school Incubus fans could have possibly expected expected from this release. My suggestion to those folks is to cherish the Incubus of old rather than to hate the Incubus of new.<br /><br />Anyway, this album is very good. I personally don't find it to be boring at all.  Slower-paced and quieter at points, yes, but slow music is not necessarily boring, generic pop music. There are a lot of sonic nuances to the album that reveal themselves after a few listens. Isadore and Tomorrow's Food are highlights, along with the title track and the single Adolescents. There is an uneasy moodiness to this album that seems to make it gel more than Light Grenades ever did. If you dislike Promises, Promises, still be sure to give it a chance, because this single--admittedly a radio-friendly tune--is the poppiest piece of the album.<br /><br />This album may be subject to criticism--both from critics who prefer independent music, and by rock fans who feel that a slower Incubus with some pop tendencies is a boring Incubus. However, the band has made exactly the type of record that they wanted to make, and the quality of the music itself is all the better for it.
B004A8ZX2S|5.0|I went to see The Tree of Life today. I wasn't completely aware of the movie's story, but did expect a movie of depth and question. I wasn't disappointed. There were people who left, or made whispered comments about \\"no dialogue\\" and \\"what's the point?\\". Too bad they didn't get it. As a mother who lost her son only a year ago, I was immediately drawn into the family, the dynamics, and the questions to the universe and to the one who is lost. I'm still processing this movie. The beauty of the universe displayed and the music accompanyment left me breathless. The searching thoughts and questions presented in the movie, I have also asked to the nightsky, to the universe, to anyone who might listen. Our lives unfold and no one is untouched by sorrows. I applaud this movie and those who brought it to fruition. Do I believe that the mainstream public will enjoy it or find its hidden value - no. But I did, and that's all that matters to me. I plan to see it again. Once is not enough.
0553801473|2.0|I was lucky enough to get an early copy, which I finished over the weekend, so I figured I'd drop a brief, spoiler-free review. ADWD definitely improves upon AFFC, but it still suffers from a lot of the same issues: not much action, a lot of sitting around and talking, and boring side characters that accompany the always awesome Tyrion and Daenerys. If you think about it, by the start of this book, Martin has killed off a large number of interesting, likeable characters (or at least characters that we love to hate). I don't mind major characters dying, that's what gives a story depth, but if interesting characters are killed off, they need to be replaced somehow, and Martin doesn't seem to have done that. Other minor quibbles: more often than not, my eyes would start to glaze over after reading yet another chapter-long conversation filled with heretofore unknown names and places (especially where the Free Cities are concerned). Also, as another reviewer said, one storyline ends with a frustrating cliffhanger of a major character: it's yet another \\"are they or aren't they dead\\" moment that probably won't be answered for 6 years, at this rate. On the plus side, it had more \\"omg\\" moments (as I like to call them) than AFFC, the storylines are more engaging, and there is actual plot advancement this time. Oh, and we get a map of the Free Cities (finally!). &lt;Edit: One thing I forgot to mention. There's one \\"omg\\" moment that felt *really* contrived, like Martin just came up with it at the last minute to make things more interesting. Even if he did plan this out from the beginning of the series, it still didn't have the emotional impact it should have (for me, at least). Maybe because it came out of nowhere, to the point where I almost missed it, and then I thought \\"Wait, this is a big deal, right? Shouldn't this moment feel more important than it does?\\"><br /><br />Also, if you're looking forward to the fact that ADWD joins up with AFFC chronologically, don't expect a lot of the \\"southern\\" storylines from AFFC. I think Martin put just enough in there to answer the cliffhangers and appease fans: we get two chapters each of Cersei and Arya, one of Jaime, a paragraph of [possible spoiler removed-see comments], and nothing of Sansa or Samwell at all.<br /><br />I'm re-reading the first three books right now, and sadly it's reinforcing my feeling that something has been lost in Martin's writing in the last two books. Even when reading them for a second time, the first three books hold my interest in a way that the last two just haven't done.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I did not buy this item through amazon, so not sure how the process was, I got it with Best Buy. By far though, for avid runners and even cyclist, this is the best GPS/HR/Pace/Virtual Partner/HX etc. etc. etc... watch I have ever owned. I have always been a fan boy of the polar brand, having the top of the line series, with foot-pods, HR monitors etc... but this Garmin was is amazing. The software and online history tracking abilities through garmin-connect is ridiculously awesome. The ease of use is a little training curve, but you get used to it like nothing.    One thing you'll learn to do is press both right side buttons at the same time to lock the bevel, because it's not heat sensory like an iPhone, anything that touches it will change your screen, and if your in a run, and it kicks you out, you'll probably be pissed if you lose something.    But whether you're an elitist runner, or just someone who wants to get in shape and track everything from your pace, elevation to how many calories you've burned, this is by far the best investment you'll do. There is no foot pod you have to attach to your shoe which becomes annoying, there's no calibration where you have to figure out your normal step pace or length, and then try to match it up with your watch, and MAYBE get some sort of accurate reading.. no way, that's out the window.    All your left with is a comfortable HR monitor around your chest, and watch. Set up your stats (height, weight etc..) then just go! DO utilize the online and sync methods, you'll see your progress and become even more motivated, then just using this thing as a super fancy pedometer.
B0007TKNII|5.0|I think Gerard Butler has brought a new standard to the phantom. I didn't even know who Gerard Butler was until this movie.  His phantom was more convincing than any other I have heard and seen; so emotional, mysterious, and definately sexy.  I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. He frightened me, yet he intrigues me, I felt for him.  The plays I have seen are now using a deeper voiced phantom versus Michael Crawford higher and less emotional sounding voice.  I have always enjoyed this as a play, but I'm so in love with this movie.  Emmy Rossum was also a more convincing Christine, with her more youthful, yet mature, and perfectly pitched voice, and her angelic looks.  Patrick Wilson was a surprisingly good Raoul.  I almost felt sorry for him when he watches how Christine reacts when she is with the phantom.  You will laugh and you will cry.  Love everything about it...the music...the acting...the scenes...perfection.
B003ZSH606|5.0|This is the last album of Jamiroquai band, and after 20 years of listening Jay Kay, this material surprised me again. Jay Kay's voice and band performance is perfect. This is an excelent CD to have on the collection and listen. Enjoy it  Este es el ltimo album de la banda inglesa Jamiroquai, con temas nuevos, excelente letras y ritmos. La performance de los msicos es perfecta. Un disco para tener y tambin para regalar a los buenos amigos. Gracias Jay Kay por estar ahi.
B005529BDK|5.0|A fun little game. Better than a lot of games I have tried on my htc Thunderbolt. Recommend it to anyone.
0756404738|5.0|One of the best books/series I've read in a long time. Picked up the Name of the Wind on a Friday afternoon, and finished the Wise mans Fears on Monday.  It was amazing, captivating, and kept me buried in the book.  The development of the character(s), the story line, the background of the world complete with stories, made for one of the most enjoyable reads I've had in a long, long time.  Keep an eye on this Author...he has a glorius future ahead of him.  I was lucky in the fact that I'm working away from home and read both books back to back in a weekend, and unlucky that I didn't get to string it out over a few weeks and enjoy that \\"damn I can't wait to get back to reading that book\\" feeling...    If you haven't read it...read it! Enjoy it like a fine wine or a good single malt...sipped and savored for its maximum enjoyment.    Write Faster Patrick...damnitman! I want book 3:)
B00005OM4K|1.0|Have ordered and returned two copies of this box now through Amazon. Both had the same defect. At the 42 second mark of track #24 on disc 5 (a live performance of \\"Commotion\\" originally released on THE CONCERT) there is a complete drop-out of the audio for a bit more than a second. It is very disconcerting and an MP3 copy of the track without the error is readily available through Amazon. I've seen no other mention of this problem in previous reviews of the product and am wondering how prevalent the issue is.
B001KZVQJI|1.0|This is King Kong for the attention deficit disorder generation. CGI overkill takes away all the horror, suspense and awe of seeing Kong in the 1933 original. As other reviewers have said, Kong is reduced to a cartoon character and since all the sets are computer-generated, what 1930s detail there is comes across as completely fake. It makes Rick Baker in an ape suit look warm and down-to-earth. I can never lose myself or suspend disbelief in this film the way I lost myself in the 1933 or even the 1976 version. Speaking of which, the 1976 version, which is a mixture of soft porn, camp, and an 1970s era anti-establishment film, looks like a near masterpiece in comparison. At least the miniatures (like the subway and the World Trade Center towers) were real and fun to look at, whereas you're constantly questioning whether it's real or CGI in this Peter Jackson travesty.<br /><br />If each film is representative of its time, then 2005 is vapid, unoriginal, hypocritical, tech-happy, consumerist, and shallow. The 1976 version had a great soundtrack (showing the high level of originality common to 70s music) while treating Jessica Lange as a disco-era sex object, complete with Marilyn Monroe cutesy voice, in an era where the sexual revolution was about to collide with feminism. Despite this, it is still watchable and amusing, made in an era before MTV and video games led us to Ritalin. And it shows a comfort and acceptance of contemporary life, for the 1976 film was made before \\"sequels\\" were commonplace, and so de Laurentis had to justify the new film's existence by updating it and making it relevant to contemporary concerns (the oil crisis). Popular culture in the 70s was still about \\"making it new\\" unlike the 2000's, where the rage is \\"vintage\\" and \\"repro\\" and living in the past.<br /><br />Flash forward to 2005, four years after 9/11 and during the illusionary \\"prosperity\\" of the U.S. during the infamous mortgage boom, which was, in reality, based on emptiness and false promises of selling people houses they couldn't afford. By setting the film back to 1933 rather than updating it, as the Dino de Laurentis did, Peter Jackson was jumping on the \\"nostagla\\" \\"repro\\" and \\"vintage\\" bandwagon. The present era, in other words, apparently has no original music, no identity, just consumerism/flashiness, and the mindless CGI binge-fest exemplifies this. There is no reason to revisit the 30s except for a bankruptcy of the imagination. Noami Watts is, naturally, given the \\"feminist\\" treatment - in her mid to late 30s, she is the oldest Fay Wray yet, and as if to make up for her lack of glamour, she is given silly comic bits to play, like tap dancing (\\"hey, I have more to me than looks!\\"). The black guy on the ship is treated with careful respect at all times, though, strangely enough, the funny Chinaman from the 1930s is brought back in all its racist glory. Since China contributes to the high budget deficit and \\"owns\\" the U.S., maybe this was intentional (it's okay to make fun of the Chinese, but not okay to be racist toward blacks). Like the Guy Van Sant, shot-by-shot remake of \\"Psycho,\\" the Peter Jackson \\"Kong\\" is a waste of time.elling people houses they couldn't afford. By setting the film back to 1933 rather than updating it, as the Dino de Laurentis did, Peter Jackson was jumping on the \\"nostagla\\" \\"repro\\" and \\"vintage\\" bandwagon. The present era, in other words, apparently has no original music, no identity, just consumerism/flashiness, and the mindless CGI binge-fest exemplifies this. There is no reason to revisit the 30s except for a bankruptcy of the imagination. Noami Watts is, naturally, given the \\"feminist\\" treatment - in her mid to late 30s, she is the oldest Fay Wray yet, and as if to make up for her lack of glamour, she is given silly comic bits to play, like tap dancing (\\"hey, I have more to me than looks!\\"). The black guy on the ship is treated with careful respect at all times, though, strangely enough, the funny Chinaman from the 1930s is brought back in all its racist glory. Since China contributes to the high budget deficit and \\"owns\\" the U.S., maybe this was intentional (it's okay to make fun of the Chinese, but not okay to be racist toward blacks). Like the Guy Van Sant, shot-by-shot remake of \\"Psycho,\\" the Peter Jackson \\"Kong\\" is a waste of time.
B0034G4ORC|5.0|I watched it on my xbox with Turtle Beaches.. Highly recommended. The movie is fantastic in my opinion. Arrived quickly after it was released and in perfect condition.
B0047Y0FGY|4.0|Tina Fey delivers witty banter throughout using great stories of growing up with neurotic parents and her ascent to current pop culture icon. It slows towards the end a bit but generally a great read and full of wit.
B003YL4LYI|4.0|As one of the lucky Germans who got the book to early I spent much time reading the book in the last few days. My expections were very high after years of waiting and beeing hyped by watching \\"Game of Thrones\\". Probally my expections were too high because the book despite all ist greatness is not as good a Storm of Swords and shares weaknesses with Feast of Crows despite containing all my favorite characters (Jon, Tyrion, Dany, Arya). The book is like Feast of Crows a bridge between the first phase of the Westeros Civil War and its dawning second phase. This leaves the reader dissatisfied at the end of the book as the conflicts in the North and the East remain more or less unresolved. The ending is especially disapointing.<br />In the North the story makes only small progress. Jon is as good as ever (although he gets handed the idiot ball at the very end).  Bran shows only up short. We learn more about the Children and Three Eyed Crow but to really understand it you must be very deep into the lore of ASOIF.  Also Bran fails to ask any questions about the Others while he has the chance which annoyed me as well. Besides Jon and Bran there is another perspective used in the North and that one is really great.  Here we have some very cruel but intense chapters and we can observe Ramsey Bolton (he is not the POV) who quickly estaplishes himself as the most evil character of the books so far.<br />We also have a cliffhanger at the end in the North which I do not like at all. Only for the sake of spoiler aversion I shall restrain from ranting about it (which I could do for hours).<br />Surprisingly the events in the east are by far less interessing than in the North (despite three of my favorite POVs beeing there). Considering how much I like Tyrion and how great he always was his chapters are by far the most disapointing thing about this book. Not that they are bad but they are by far the weakest Tyrion chaptaters of all books so far. I always felt the temptation to skipcharacters while reading ASOIF but never before the temptation to skip Tyrion chapters!<br />Dany is more interessting but her chapters suffer from problems as well. While I found it very interessting to see her struggeling with the consecquences of her seemingly so glorious victories from Storm of Swords, there is again the lack of progress. Another problem is that she is mainly surouned by rather shallow and new characters. Especially her fascination for Dario is difficult to emphasise with at best.<br />There are some chapters in the south after Feast and they are good as well. Cercei must make a very nasty experience which might change your view of the character.<br />There is much more to say about ADWD which is all things considered sill a very good book. I have accentuated the negative in this review but it is still ASOIAF in all its glory. The old critic that only the good guys suffer in ASOIF perishes almost completly. There are also some genuine surprises.<br />ADWD has obvious flaws however: the lack of progress, weak characters and endings in the eastern storyline, the lack of the expected fun with Tyrion chapters and the to my opinion weak (or annoying) cliffhangers which also make the years to Winds of Winter even more difficult to bear.<br />By the way: considering how long everthing took and how many characters there is to deal with I find it hard to believe that Martin will get ASOIF done in two books. My prognosis is that he needs much more. The wainting for ADWD is over. The waiting for Winds of Winter has begun!
1609419693|5.0|The only downside to listening to the brilliant \\"Bossypants\\" audiobook while on your daily walk is that your neighbors will think you've completely lost it. Seems like every gem of a paragraph has a laugh in it, and I'm not talking a chuckle, but a big goofy laugh. I've listened to all of David Sedaris' works and love him as well but this is funnier and life affirming enjoyable. (Extra bonus points if you are a woman executive who has worked in a creative male-dominated field, but that said my left brain CFO husband loves it too).      When I read \\"Eat, Pray, Love\\" I thought Elizabeth Gilbert would make for a great friend because she was so charming and this is how I feel after listening to Tina. You really just want to hang out with this  insightful, self-effacing and incredibly funny woman. The only downside is that it's over all too soon so let's hope Tina is working on a follow-up.
B0055OK2T0|5.0|Yes it's about a politician, but no that is not the focus of it. The focus is how we get caught up trying to achieve, to win, and succeed...and we totally miss the fact that it isn't about that but about the hole we're trying to fill in us: Love.
B000UJ48WC|3.0|I am a big fan of Stanley Kubrick and although I liked [[ASIN:B000Q66J1M 2001: A Space Odyssey [Blu-ray]]], [[ASIN:B004O26LAS A Clockwork Orange (Anniversary Edition) [Blu-ray]]] and [[ASIN:B001DJLCPE Dr. Strangelove  [Blu-ray]]] a whole lot more there is enough of Kubrick in this film for me to enjoy it although truth be told this is not as scary as say [[ASIN:B001992NW4 The Exorcist (Extended Director's Cut & Original Theatrical Edition) [Blu-ray]]] and if you are looking to be scared out of your wits this is not the film for you.  If you like giving your eyes a feast and your mind a relaxing treat the way only Kubrick can through his uncanny gift of the composition of a picture that intrigues your mind so much that you become addicted and find yourself revisiting the film over and over again as if to reassure yourself that you actually saw what you thought you saw the last time - this is the only way I can explain why I keep wanting to watch the three films I mentioned at the start of this review over and over again and why this is also the case with this film although admittedly the storyline as a horror film is pretty weak and is certainly not one of the film's strong points - then you'll enjoy this film a whole lot more.<br /><br />Strangely though, Kubrick is such a great film-maker and there are so many other facets to his craft that I found myself forgiving this film for having a poor script because I was too busy enjoying the great visual stimulation I get from watching this film.  I thought the tsunami of blood from the lift was really stupid and made me want to laugh but there are many other scenes that are just stunning to behold.  It felt like I was in an art gallery at times watching a quick succession of masterpieces pass before my eyes.  I particularly liked the low moving camera scenes that closely followed the child as he tricycled around the hotel culminating in the shot where he encounters the twins in the corridor.  I thought Nicholson and Duvall played their roles excellently and the casting overall was very well done.  I've never read the book nor do I intend to and so it doesn't bother me how closely or not this film follows the book.<br /><br />This blu-ray release though is disappointing as although the picture quality is pretty good the sound quality is very poor and the special features are nothing really to crow about.  Lots to enjoy in this film if you are a fan of Kubrick's unique gift of framing a picture to provide a veritable feast for the eyes and his uncanny ability to select excellent soundtracks to enhance the effect but don't try to understand the plot or expect to be scared out of your mind unless you scare easily.  When I tried to make sense of the story it just made me see how stupid the plot is and I couldn't understand the significance of the ending; did Nicholson somehow leave the picture and made the jump into the future just to get married, have a kid and to bring them to their deaths at the hotel?  The stupidity of it all boggles the mind but once I decided to just enjoy the rest of the film and ignore the ridiculous storyline I found I liked the film a whole lot more.<br /><br />Enough Kubrick-isms to love the film, good picture quality, poor sound quality and average special features makes this blu-ray release a bit of a mixed bag to say the least.yed their roles excellently and the casting overall was very well done.  I've never read the book nor do I intend to and so it doesn't bother me how closely or not this film follows the book.      This blu-ray release though is disappointing as although the picture quality is pretty good the sound quality is very poor and the special features are nothing really to crow about.  Lots to enjoy in this film if you are a fan of Kubrick's unique gift of framing a picture to provide a veritable feast for the eyes and his uncanny ability to select excellent soundtracks to enhance the effect but don't try to understand the plot or expect to be scared out of your mind unless you scare easily.  When I tried to make sense of the story it just made me see how stupid the plot is and I couldn't understand the significance of the ending; did Nicholson somehow leave the picture and made the jump into the future just to get married, have a kid and to bring them to their deaths at the hotel?  The stupidity of it all boggles the mind but once I decided to just enjoy the rest of the film and ignore the ridiculous storyline I found I liked the film a whole lot more.    Enough Kubrick-isms to love the film, good picture quality, poor sound quality and average special features makes this blu-ray release a bit of a mixed bag to say the least.
B004Y1USV2|3.0|Just heard some of the music this morning for the first time.<br />I've been a long time Yes fanatic since The Yes Album came out at the end of 1970 (for all of you youngsters out there, that's a VERY long time!)<br />In one respect, I have to agree with A. Vince, in that it's \\"much better than having no YES at all.\\" And with Paul Bellocq  that \\"It is way better than the average drek being released these days by other groups\\".<br />But, to me, as I was listening, I couldn't help thinking of Starcastle !<br />([...])<br />To the unfamiliar - Starcastle was a Yes soundalike band from the late seventies. Other than Kansas, they were known as America's only prog rock band. As individual musicians these guys actually really had their chops together, but in making an effort to sound like Yes, I think ultimately they shot themselves in the foot, so to speak.<br /><br />Ultimately for me though, the new Yes will be a hard sell. Call me an old stick in the mud, but having Wakeman out of the lineup is one thing. But also, no more Jon Anderson? That's a very hard pill to swallow. And this David Benoit guy, or whatever he is, isn't cutting it in my book.<br />I recently saw Jon do his solo show in New Hope PA a little over a month ago - I was blown away: he sounds better then ever. Fantastic show. I only hope that one day Rick and Jon can find a way make amends with the rest of the guys and do more \\"real\\" Yes music. And BTW - yes, Squire, Howe, and White really did stick it to Jon pretty badly. He deserved, and EARNED, a much better end to his time with Yes then having them kick him out while he was near death (sounds a lot like the Sid Barrett/Roger Waters story).<br /><br />So, the album review? Will I buy it? Yes. Will it end up prominently displayed on my \\"speed rack\\" along with The Yes Album, Fragile, Close To The Edge, Relayer and Going For The One? Probably not, but who nows. Most likely, this one will end up in the cabinet with Tormato, Drama, 90125 and Big Generator. But I'll give a few listens and try to remember it's not Starcastle !to remember it's not Starcastle !
B0015ABRE2|5.0|A MUST for any Dexter fan! You must get all seasons! Amazon is the place to buy them. I did my research, and Amazon is the cheapest on all the seasons.
031603441X|4.0|I really enjoyed the audio book that I ordered  - Johnny Depp reads most of it (though he seems unaware of some correct emphasis here & there) And, Mr. Richards also reads some, along with other folks.  I purchased the audio book AND the text copy.  I find it soothing to follow along to the recording, and when I get a chore or two going in the kitchen I can just keep working/reading.  The rock & roll history that's in this book IS --->   What It Is ALL About ! ! !   Dig IT!
B004XN3FHA|5.0|This flashlight sells for over a hundred dollars.  Let's be real; that's a ridiculous amount of money to spend on a flashlight.  And if you actually _need_ a flashlight this bright, you must be doing some sort of task that involves searching far distances at night, so why wouldn't you get the Fenix TK70, which Fenix claims outputs 2200 lumens?    No, no one needs this flashlight.  But it's awesome and I love it, for two primary reasons:  * It runs on regular AA batteries:  I've filled it with LSD batteries (Eneloop) so I don't have to worry about it being empty when I need it, I don't have to spend big money on 18650 or cr123a batteries, and I know I can always find batteries for it in a pinch.  * I know I'll never be left wishing I had more light.    Additionally, it's very easy to use, it's well-constructed, comfortable in the hand, and a comfortable, if substantial weight.  I also like that it has electronically regulated output so it doesn't fade with the batteries; I'm not left wondering if it's time to recharge the batteries or not: It is, or it isn't.    There are plenty of videos on Youtube demonstrating this flashlight's capabilities; they aren't exaggerations.  Lighting up the tops of trees hundreds of feet away as if it were daytime is just...  gleeful.
B00005N6KG|5.0|My first pair I had for 30 years SAME KIND same make same everything until a Cat go a hold of the wires and ate them. Mine came with my first Sony walkman (with a cassette tape! ya that old) I bought 3 more. They are that cheap. They still are made the same (from what I can tell) and they sound GREAT. what a perfect headset for any thing you need to listen to. They stick inside your ears too (very comfortably) They work under motorcycle helmets too. I love these headphones and I am glad I can still order these exact kind. I have personally never found better bang for the buck. Boy have a tried too, even with expensive over the ear ones. They just CANT beat these.
B001EB5CCA|5.0|I was first introduced to Queensryche through their hit \\"Silent Lucidity\\" and hence the album \\"Empire\\".  For many years that was the only thing that I thought about when I thought of the band until I recently heard this album.  I had long heard that it was great but now that I've finally heard it for myself I have to say that it is as an overall complete package by far the best Queensryche album and it is also among the best ever concept and metal albums ever made.  In many ways it reminded me of that other great concept album by Pink Floyd \\"The Wall\\" and just like that album the ending seems to loop back to the start suggesting that history repeats itself.  This album has a very nice flow to it and listening to it you can tell just how effective the album serves as a vehicle of story-telling as well.  Just like \\"The Wall\\" you have to listen to this classic from start to finish to truly appreciate its beauty.<br /><br />Fans are in for a treat with this mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) release as it is well designed and assembled coming with a foldout that contains all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.  The album has been very well produced and the sound quality is very good.<br /><br />Great content, good mlps design and great sound quality makes this an easy review.<br /><br />Very highly recommended and should be in every metal sonic library.
B003L77GH4|5.0|I love TVD it is the awesome and love the characters!! I already pre-order season 2! I originally would buy the dvd at barns and noble as far as price amazon is the best way to go and reasonable also. I actually like season 2 better the season 1 because it gets deeper and stronger with the characters in the show! I'm also excited to recieve the TVD dvd season 2 and watch it all over again:)
0553801473|5.0|[I received one of the copies of A Dance with Dragons that were accidentally released early.  I've written two reviews.  The first is an informal, completely spoiler-free commentary for fans of the series who want a quick judgment of the book.  The second is a longer, more wide-ranging review, which includes some mild spoilers about various characters' arcs and the structure of the book, as well as comments on theme and tone that may imply larger spoilers.  There will also be spoilers for earlier books.]<br /><br />So.  Is it better than A Feast for Crows?<br /><br />The question is a leading one; it assumes that Feast was a bad or a weak book.  I actually liked Feast quite a lot, both on first reading lo these many years ago, and on rereading it in recent weeks.  Considering what the evolution of the story had made it, I thought it was the best book it could possibly be, and that the author's atmospheric world-building and vivid characters were supplemented by a sense of encroaching doom, the imminence of magic and of winter.<br /><br />But of course I'll concede that for many the book's relaxed pace and style was a disappointment after the ridiculously-eventful A Storm of Swords.  A Dance with Dragons has more surprises and revelations than Feast, but those who absolutely despised that novel will very possibly be frustrated by this one as well, unless what they disliked was the particular characters involved rather than the structure.  The beginning is strong, with a number of developments and answered questions people may not have been expecting, but after that the middle of the book returns to the significant but very gradual plot evolution that characterized Feast.  There are some atmospheric world-building and set pieces that are very effective, but perhaps not worth inclusion in a book that's very long, and focuses on only half the characters to boot. (Some of what seems irrelevant may turn out to be important later, of course.)  The climax, though, ups the ante again, with more sudden and shocking developments, capped by what I think is the best final chapter in the series to date.  The Winds of Winter looks set to return to the constant action and rapid development of A Clash of Kings and A Storm of Swords, and while some may wish that could have happened at the beginning of Dance rather than near the end, I think there's enough going on in this book to satisfy all but the most disaffected readers.<br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />[Mildly spoilerish review begins here.]<br /><br />Here it is.  Nearly six years after the last installment of A Song of Ice and Fire, George R. R. Martin's gritty epic fantasy, the new book, A Dance with Dragons, has arrived.  But in some ways the wait for this book has been even longer, as 2005's A Feast for Crows only featured half of the series' major characters, because the novel grew so much during the writing process that it couldn't be published in its original form.  The author originally hoped to published this companion volume within a year of that book, but the story grew more and other problems intervened.  As a result, A Dance with Dragons marks the first appearance of some of the series' most popular characters in over a decade.<br /><br />Tyrion Lannister, the brilliant but increasingly bitter dwarf son of one of the realm's great houses (Richard III is an obvious general model for the character), has fled the royal seat at King's Landing after murdering his father.  Aimless at first, he is soon set on a new path by an ally of the eunuch spymaster Varys, who had been vital in his escape.  But the journey he faces is long, uncertain, and dangerous, and several dark developments along the way threaten to further his decline into cruelty.<br /><br />Jon Snow is now Lord Commander of the Night's Watch, the organization sworn to guard the massive Wall against incursions from the frozen north.  Jon is determined to make the changes he believes necessary to meet the Watch's purpose in changing times, but he must contend with doubtful subordinates and the presence at the Wall of the rebel king Stannis, who seems determined to test the Watch's commitment to staying out of the politics of the realm.  Caught between the king and the Watch, Jon must walk a narrow path where a single misstep could bring disaster.<br /><br />Daenerys Targaryen, last survivor of the realm's former royal house, is half a world away, trying to rule the city she has conquered.  She has three dragons and a large, well-trained army on her side, but Meereen's customs are alien to her, its people difficult to rule without draconian measures she cannot accept, and the price she must pay for control may prove more than she can bear.  Even the blood of the dragon is not guaranteed easy allegiance.<br /><br />These are the three most prominent characters of A Dance with Dragons, taking up about half its length, but there are many others, including a few returning faces from A Feast for Crows.  The presence of those characters and their storylines gives the novel's climax an added energy it sorely needs, for the middle of the book is, by structural necessity, slow-moving, as various situations gradually approach the breaking point.  This pace may be familiar to certain frustrated readers of A Feast for Crows, who had expected something closer to the relentless action of A Storm of Swords, the third book in the series.  But A Dance with Dragons is undeniably more eventful than A Feast for Crows, and certain character arcs are structured to end in the middle of the book, which means that their resolutions come early and offer a jolt of action to counterpoint those arcs that are still developing.<br /><br />Questions of plot aside, the author's characterization and world-building are as fascinating as ever.  Jon and Daenerys are very young, and unlike many youthful heroes in the fantasy genre, who rule nations or command armies when little more than children and do it perfectly, they have their flaws and failures as well as virtues and successes.  There are no unambiguously good or bad leaders in Martin's world, only characters with different personalities and worldviews who are all determined to manipulate the current chaos to their own benefit.  As rich as the milieu has been in the first four volumes, A Dance with Dragons gives us awe-inspiring new locations, as well as old ones seen in new ways.  The Winds of Winter may be the title of the next volume, but this one gives us a haunting foretaste of what that chill will be like.<br /><br />The world of A Song of Ice and Fire has always been harsher than that of many fantasies, inspired by real history, less romanticized and putting as much emphasis on the cruelties and desolation of medieval warfare as on noble heroism and elegant courtly intrigue.  A Dance with Dragons is no exception, and the evolution of the story in this book is along dark lines, dominated by failures that sow seeds of chaos the next volume seems likely to reap in abundance.  The final chapters mark a return to the unexpected and fast-moving action to which fans have become accustomed, and confirm what many readers have hoped: that a beloved but delay-plagued series is, after a long middle period, finally entering its endgame.hanges he believes necessary to meet the Watch's purpose in changing times, but he must contend with doubtful subordinates and the presence at the Wall of the rebel king Stannis, who seems determined to test the Watch's commitment to staying out of the politics of the realm.  Caught between the king and the Watch, Jon must walk a narrow path where a single misstep could bring disaster.<br /><br />Daenerys Targaryen, last survivor of the realm's former royal house, is half a world away, trying to rule the city she has conquered.  She has three dragons and a large, well-trained army on her side, but Meereen's customs are alien to her, its people difficult to rule without draconian measures she cannot accept, and the price she must pay for control may prove more than she can bear.  Even the blood of the dragon is not guaranteed easy allegiance.<br /><br />These are the three most prominent characters of A Dance with Dragons, taking up about half its length, but there are many others, including a few returning faces from A Feast for Crows.  The presence of those characters and their storylines gives the novel's climax an added energy it sorely needs, for the middle of the book is, by structural necessity, slow-moving, as various situations gradually approach the breaking point.  This pace may be familiar to certain frustrated readers of A Feast for Crows, who had expected something closer to the relentless action of A Storm of Swords, the third book in the series.  But A Dance with Dragons is undeniably more eventful than A Feast for Crows, and certain character arcs are structured to end in the middle of the book, which means that their resolutions come early and offer a jolt of action to counterpoint those arcs that are still developing.<br /><br />Questions of plot aside, the author's characterization and world-building are as fascinating as ever.  Jon and Daenerys are very young, and unlike many youthful heroes in the fantasy genre, who rule nations or command armies when little more than children and do it perfectly, they have their flaws and failures as well as virtues and successes.  There are no unambiguously good or bad leaders in Martin's world, only characters with different personalities and worldviews who are all determined to manipulate the current chaos to their own benefit.  As rich as the milieu has been in the first four volumes, A Dance with Dragons gives us awe-inspiring new locations, as well as old ones seen in new ways.  The Winds of Winter may be the title of the next volume, but this one gives us a haunting foretaste of what that chill will be like.<br /><br />The world of A Song of Ice and Fire has always been harsher than that of many fantasies, inspired by real history, less romanticized and putting as much emphasis on the cruelties and desolation of medieval warfare as on noble heroism and elegant courtly intrigue.  A Dance with Dragons is no exception, and the evolution of the story in this book is along dark lines, dominated by failures that sow seeds of chaos the next volume seems likely to reap in abundance.  The final chapters mark a return to the unexpected and fast-moving action to which fans have become accustomed, and confirm what many readers have hoped: that a beloved but delay-plagued series is, after a long middle period, finally entering its endgame.
B004EPZ084|4.0|If you're like most people at some point you have probably worked for a horrible boss, and so you can derive a vicarious thrill from this movie.<br /><br />If you have seen Hitchcock's classic Strangers on a Train, or Throw Momma from the Train starring Danny De Vito the premise will be familiar.  Subtract a train, substitute 3 authority figures for a parental figure, add a healthy dose of  Murphy's law, and a hitman consultant, MF Jones, played by Jamie Foxx, and a few absurd twists, and you have Horrible Bosses.<br /><br />Three horrible bosses.  Three disgruntled employess.  You kill my boss.  I kill yours.  No one will suspect any of us.  Makes perfect sense.  Nothing could possibly go wrong.  Right?  Right..<br /><br />Horrible Bosses has a wealth of talent, including two Academy Award winners.  It's amusing, gripping, absurd, and has some surprising twists and turns.<br /><br />It has some outstanding scenes, particularly Jennifer Aniston's hot portrayal of the oversexed over the top maneating dentist, who does unthinkable things with her sleeping patients, and tries the patience of her unfortunate just got engaged assistant.  Not just a sexual overtone.  More like a sexual symphony.<br /><br />Last year she was in a clever movie [[ASIN:B004P000BU The Switch (2010)]], also starring Jason Bateman, and a scene stealing kid, and it's apparent that comedy more than drama is her strength and passion, and improvisation her forte as she showed in the recent [[ASIN:B0051BX8QQ Just Go With It]], which I totally loved.  For her the clock appears to run backwards rather than forwards, and her talent and presence continues to grow.<br /><br />Combed over Colin Farrell is almost unrecognisable as the idiotic heir to a chemical company with chemical dependency issues, while Kevin Spacey reprises the familiar psychotic role.<br /><br />If you like this movie, check out director Seth Gordon's [[ASIN:B000XQ4HR8 The King of Kong: A Fistful of Quarters]], given two thumbs up by Ebert and Roeper.  Think of it as the Spinal Tap meets Donkey Kong. Truly outstanding.<br /><br />If you're like me, it doesn't matter if you watch it in the theater or on dvd, I think you will love it.  And, if you do have a horrible boss, send him or her a copy of this movie.  They might get the hint.  They might not get the hint.<br /><br />I hope you found this review helpful.eets Donkey Kong. Truly outstanding.    If you're like me, it doesn't matter if you watch it in the theater or on dvd, I think you will love it.  And, if you do have a horrible boss, send him or her a copy of this movie.  They might get the hint.  They might not get the hint.    I hope you found this review helpful.
0767903862|3.0|For the most part I really enjoyed \\"In a Sunburned Country\\", especially when it stuck to the topic: Australia. I found myself increasingly annoyed, however, with the author's pointlessly snobby diatribes against American influences in Australia. I get it. He doesn't like strip malls or McDonalds. But their existence in Australia is because enough Australians like them.      I was also annoyed by Bryson's utter contempt for the older tourists he encountered along the way, except for the Australian ones, who he finds utterly charming, which I'm sure they are. I get it, you don't like older American tourists riding in tour buses. Bryson is often very funny, but his time in England has conditioned him to express his hate through petty meanness.
B0058VW36U|4.0|Fun game loads fast on my HTC Thunderbolt ..  Hope they come out with more levels keep up the great job
B001L1C46A|5.0|Way back when as a tween newly discovering music and having had the good fortune to have acquired this great lifelong love at the end of the disco era and the beginning of the new wave era I was exposed to an exciting era of creativity when everybody seemed to be trying to outdo themselves with sounds that nobody had heard before.  It was the time of The Human League, Soft Cell, A Flock of Seagulls, Eurythmics, U2, Level 42, Blondie, yet another incarnation of David Bowie and the one that for me introduced the whole era, Peter Gabriel, who with his 3rd solo album and what to me is the quintessential new wave track \\"Games Without Frontiers\\".  I first heard Genesis on the \\"Abacab\\" album which I thought was good but not great and it was about then that I'd heard that the great Peter Gabriel was actually a member once.  Decades later I find myself listening to the last album Gabriel was involved in before leaving the band and I hear traces of many of the musical themes and trademarks that made me such a fan of Gabriel the solo artist all those years ago.  I am struck also by how closely both Gabriel's and Collins' voices sound on this album although Gabriel's voice seems to have taken on a deeper and more expressive tone by the time he was doing his later solo albums.  Technically brilliant although perhaps melodically and musically not as strong this album is one for the musician to truly appreciate although tracks like the title track and my favourite \\"The Carpet Crawlers\\" are perhaps the more accessible to the casual listener.  As a massive and worthy work of progressive rock though this album stands out as a classic and has gone on to inspire others such as Marillion in albums like [[ASIN:B000005RRF Misplaced Childhood]] for example.<br /><br />Fans of this album though are in for a real treat as this mini-lp replica sleeve (mlps) version is an excellent release having been very well designed and assembled and ranks among the best that I've ever seen coming with a foldout that contains all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.  Also included is a paper replica of the centre circle of the original vinyl record.  The most important reason this release rocks is the excellent sound quality of both the cds and the jewel of this release is the DVD with both Dolby and my favourite DTS 5.1 Surround Sound which blows you away!  I'm not sure why but so far the cds on SACD-Standard CD hybrids like this one sounds so much better than your run-of-the mill standard cd releases at least for the ones that I have.  Yes, the cds will play on both SACD and on standard players like mine - I don't have an SACD player and I don't plan on getting one - but after hearing the album on DTS 5.1 I think I'll be listening to that disc more often than the cds.  Another foldout containing interviews with the band members in both English and Japanese is included as well.<br /><br />This mlps release makes me wish all such releases are made this way.<br /><br />Very highly recommended!hat contains all the lyrics in both English and Japanese.  Also included is a paper replica of the centre circle of the original vinyl record.  The most important reason this release rocks is the excellent sound quality of both the cds and the jewel of this release is the DVD with both Dolby and my favourite DTS 5.1 Surround Sound which blows you away!  I'm not sure why but so far the cds on SACD-Standard CD hybrids like this one sounds so much better than your run-of-the mill standard cd releases at least for the ones that I have.  Yes, the cds will play on both SACD and on standard players like mine - I don't have an SACD player and I don't plan on getting one - but after hearing the album on DTS 5.1 I think I'll be listening to that disc more often than the cds.  Another foldout containing interviews with the band members in both English and Japanese is included as well.     This mlps release makes me wish all such releases are made this way.    Very highly recommended!
B00000G6H1|5.0|Listening to physical at the age of 40 is different from listening to this great album at the age of 10 ! soo deep and mature ! Olivia at her best form ...the album includes a great cult gothic song \\"landslide\\" , and 2 great rock pop songs \\"strangers touch\\" and \\"love makes me strong\\" and the rest falling(wow so great ...) \\"Make a move on me\\", Carried away , recovery , and the promise are stunning catchy pop songs. finally Physical is a legend !the sexiest song of all time and the most listend song of the 80's ...Grease and Xanadu expanded olivia 's horizon which made her an international pop rock star in addition to her sparkling country roots.
B004CLYKLI|5.0|Very honest and exposing memoir.  She may have lost the battle, but she won the war.  Good for her to put it all out there for everyone to see.  That takes courage.
B003HE2B6C|5.0|i LOVE hanson and their music just keeps getting better every year! plus the more you listen to it the more you will love each song!!
0345423496|3.0|This is the first Clarke novel I read, chose it because I saw the two movies and this one was available to me. The premise is great - Frank Poole, the guy that Dave Bowman presumed dead and hurled into space, gets discovered and reanimated a thousand years later and becomes a worldwide celebrity. Then the book progressively loses steam. It's not that the events are unexciting, they are, but the writing is too impersonal to've affected me the way it might've. I didn't get to know the character of Frank Poole at all as I didn't get to know anybody else. The main distinction is that he's the man of the past to the people of 3001. Then I thought, maybe the monolith is the star of the show. Not so. Also the alien lifeforms prominent in the story get a really vague description which was a letdown. It seems to me that Clarke was more interested in constructing his book around as many scientifically plausible concepts as possible (as evident from a lenghty list of explanations in the afterword) and not to tell a great story the best way possible.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|This is a great game an I am happy to see it on android Finally ..  I used to play this on my Pc but it need more levels . It's only fun to play  twice  as it stands now .. Keep up the good work though . Game is solid on the thunderbolt an the  nook color ..
0316067938|4.0|First of all, these books are FANTASY people.  For those that criticize the story itself - who are you to decide what Ms. Meyers does with the characters she created?  For those of you that criticize the writing - are you possibly frustrated wanna-be authors who are simply jealous of the sucess of the Twilight books?  As for me, my reading tastes tend toward non-fiction (history in particular) but I have to admit I was curious about all the hype of the \\"vampire books\\" as I referred to them before reading.  This isn't meant to be literature, it's meant to be entertaining - which it is.
B000P0J0AG|5.0|I have owned this movie almost since it became available on DVD.So I have no idea why I havent included it,or other movies in my reviews.As for this 'ABSOLUTELY SCINTILLATING CRIME DRAMA',I don't think that there are enough words to convey the sheer joy of being able to watch what is really a historic coupling of arguably the 2 finest talents in the Movie business this side of Denzel Washington,and to have them playing cat and mouse for 3 action-packed hours.The cast is top notch,from Jon Voight to Dennis Haysbert,Natalie Portman,Diane Venora,but for all of the top notch supporting performances in this movie,there is ONE that totally stands out from all the rest.That performance is Val Kilmer as Chris.I know that these type of movies dont get very many Oscar nods or wins,But I thought that Kilmer defintely deserved a nomination,or at least a mention.I have watched most of his other roles,and I believe that the only other one in which he comes close to this one is in the western classic Tombstone.This Movie is second in the crime genre only to 'The Godfather 1-2 in my book,and a few steps ahead of Mr. Mann's 1st film,Thief, which is another one of my favorite crime Dramas along with American Gangster.How about this for a once a year movie Marathon:Naked City(1961),Law & Order(1-3),Thief,Heat,Amarican Gangster, then Godfather 1-2.Heat has to be considered by any standards as one of the finest films OF ANY GENRE!!
B000YAA68C|4.0|There are no words to discribe how lovely this film is, frist off i would like to say that   it was warming and heart felt also very unexpected if u don't know what im talking about  you will have to watch it to find out.    -movie girl out!
1592802834|1.0|This is just two people reading the interviews - lacks the voice, inflections, and emphasis of the legends being interviewed. Due to this reason, it is very difficult to know when the questions ends and the responses begins, due to the canned readings of the person doing these CDs.     I owned the interviews from the CDs of Ed Seykota/Larry Hite, Richard Dennis, and Paul Tudor Jones - they are all read the same way and many times, you dont know whom said what when they go from the interviewer's questions to the legends responses, as the voices sound similar due to lack of emphasis and vocal inflections of the original legends.
B003UESJH4|5.0|This is a very inspirational account of one man facing a huge challenge, a devout wife who never gave up on her husband, and a tutor who saw King George as an ordinary human being fighting for his country survival.  I recommend this movie to all who will never give up!
B005529BDK|3.0|Cool game but crashes on 3.1 after playing for about 30 seconds.  I hope they can fix that issue because I know my kids would spend hours on this.
B001XJEKGC|3.0|I bought this DVD as we caught this tour in Oakland, and was not disapointed with it coming close (if not better) than the show we caught.
B00003CXSM|1.0|When we first catch sight of Mary Fiore (Jennifer Lopez) in action, she is depicted as a lying, manipulative business commando more interested in precision than the mental state or happiness of her clients.  Mary will say and do anything to make certain HER weddings go off without a hitch.  All her clients have to do is show up and let her shove them around.  Then she goes home alone, no surprise, and we're expected to feel sorry for her.  They spend half the movie building her up as some ironclad bully in high heels only to abruptly reduce her to a wishy-washy whiner caught up in some slapstick antics only the Marx Brothers could pull off.<br />Mary meets her foil, in guise of a possible suitor (Matthew McConaughey), when a runaway dumpster almost takes her out.  Instead, he takes her out.  Oh by the way, he's otherwise engaged (but while the intended is away, the rat will play).  In true Harlequin fashion they almost kiss (does this make their indiscretion chaste but not pure?).  When next the liars meet it's with the intended wife in tow, they revel in the awkwardness of the situation and say nothing until they can snipe at each other during a dance lesson.  Both are now seen for what they truly are, petty loathsome liars (he can't say anything because he's about to be married and she can't say anything because money is involved and she doesn't want to lose her partnership in the firm).  The plot deepens into a morass of bigger lies, not the least of which is a misunderstood engagement to some guy named Massimo.  Horses get involved in this peccadillo, an appendage falls off of a statue, Mary gets drunk, two marriage ceremonies are left in ruins...but this is, after all, a romance, so none of the collateral damage matters.<br />More telling though is when the doctor tells Mary that he knows absolutely nothing substantive about her but her jaw and eyes stir deeper emotions within him.  Not exactly the same thing as love, I believe he was describing lust.  In fact, I don't believe he ever said he loved her, to her.  He made an offhand remark about it in passing to someone else, but he never said he loved her.  How romantic.believe he ever said he loved her, to her.  He made an offhand remark about it in passing to someone else, but he never said he loved her.  How romantic.
0307887960|5.0|Easy to follow, easy to stay on, and I checked w/my doctor(s) before going on this protocol. Nothing has worked for me before this, I'm sticking to it easily. Do yourself a favor and read the entire book through cover-to-cover, and refer back to it over the course of your own weight-loss program to reach your specific goals and refresh your memory. This way you'll stay with the protocols and meet your goals. The exercise component is critical and aimed to helping you meet your permanent weight-loss goals, keeping your weight-loss off to be fit and healthy for life.
1592802826|1.0|This is just two people reading the interviews - lacks the voice, inflections, and emphasis of the legends being interviewed. Due to this reason, it is very difficult to know when the questions ends and the responses begins, due to the canned readings of the person doing these CDs.     I owned the interviews from the CDs of Ed Seykota/Larry Hite, Richard Dennis, and Paul Tudor Jones - they are all read the same way and many times, you dont know whom said what when they go from the interviewer's questions to the legends responses, as the voices sound similar due to lack of emphasis and vocal inflections of the original legends.
1400052181|5.0|This book was required reading for my daughter who is entering college in the fall.  It came in great condition and the price was great too.
B003QNXPUK|5.0|I had some practice putting on the stick-on shields prior to getting this one. I also watched a youtube video on how to put it on. I like how it cuts down on glare and does not scratch. It's a little hard to put on, but once you get it on, it's worth it.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele is a great talent.  Has has such a unique sound to her voice.  I really enjoy her music it is sexy and raw.  She has her own sound which is hard to find in a pop singer.<br />[[ASIN:B0019HBVFQ Voice Lessons To Go v.1-4 The Complete Set]]
B001M5UDGS|5.0|I had no idea what I was getting into with this movie.  I rented it from the library because the title sounded so absurd.  So I wasn't expecting much.  Watching it, I was pleasantly surprised to find a sweet, funny, sad movie...with cool songs!  (After watching this movie, I walked around all day singing, \\"With my freeze ray I will stop the world...\\"<br /><br />The film is a fun look inside the mind of a super-villain who wants to join a society of bad guys.  But to do it, he needs to perform a worthy feat of evil.  He is distracted from his goal by his crush on Penny, the pretty young woman he sees at the laundromat.  Also standing in his way is his nemesis, Captain Hammer, played wonderfully by Nathan Fillion.  As his criminal enterprises are thwarted, and it looks like Captain Hammer is going to end up with the girl of his dreams, Doctor Horrible decides it's time to up his game....<br /><br />There is a lot that is good about this film.  Most notable is Neil Patrick Harris, who is the most loveable villain I have seen in a long time.  He handles both the humor and sadness of the film really well...and sings great!  The movie is genuinely funny (I laughed out loud throughout), and the songs are really catching, even if the lyrics will get you some strange looks if you try to sing them in public.<br /><br />There are a couple flaws with the production.  I did not realize that this was produced for release on the internet.  It looks pretty low-budget, but somehow that doesn't get in the way.  My biggest gripe with the movie is how short it was.  It's only about 40 minutes long, which caught me a little off-guard.  I was hoping it would last a little longer.  But it tells it's story well in the time it has, and it could not have ended more perfectly, so I was content with it.<br /><br />This is a great film (and now my second favorite Musical, after Labyrinth).  It turns the familiar comic-book character roles upside-down, presenting a world where the villain is a loveable guy outside of his costume, and the hero is a real jerk.  The ending was completely unexpected and absolutely perfect.  Neil Patrick Harris totally nails the last few minutes of the movie.<br /><br />Final Grade: A-<br /><br />Also, for those who liked this movie, I would recommend [[ASIN:0307279863 Soon I Will be Invincible (Vintage)]], a fun book with a super-villain as the main character.  It is very much in the same vein as Doctor Horrible, funny and charming, and another look into the mind of that kind of character.  If you liked this movie, I think you would enjoy reading about Doctor Impossible and his attempt to defeat his arch-nemesis, get the girl, and take over the world.me, and the hero is a real jerk.  The ending was completely unexpected and absolutely perfect.  Neil Patrick Harris totally nails the last few minutes of the movie.    Final Grade: A-    Also, for those who liked this movie, I would recommend [[ASIN:0307279863 Soon I Will be Invincible (Vintage)]], a fun book with a super-villain as the main character.  It is very much in the same vein as Doctor Horrible, funny and charming, and another look into the mind of that kind of character.  If you liked this movie, I think you would enjoy reading about Doctor Impossible and his attempt to defeat his arch-nemesis, get the girl, and take over the world.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|the legend of the seeker is a fantasy dream you never want to wake up from its a thrilling rollercoaster from start to finish i recommend anyone to buy this TV series for the whole family to enjoy.
B004VRK436|4.0|Please describe the audio and video quality of any Blu-Ray you review.  Thanks to those who do this.<br /><br />This movie was very similar to the Jumanji Blu-Ray.  Both are presented in 1.85:1 aspect ratio (no black bars at the top and bottom), both have excellent DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 sound (great surround and sub-woofer bass), both are about 1 hour and 37 minutes long, both are about board games which affect reality, both with great special effects, and both with not-so-great video quality.<br /><br />I give the audio a 10.0, but the video only 8.0, maybe 8.5.  I had to make sure the blue light was on on my Blu-Ray player (Sony's do this when playing a Blu-Ray disc), but realized since I was hearing DTS-HD Master Audio, I did have the Blu-Ray disc in, and not the DVD, which is included in the case.  I just didn't think the video quality was great, like it should be on a Blu-Ray disc.<br /><br />If you've read some of my other reviews, and noticed these two movies' video quality being inconsistent, I recently watched a regular DVD in my Blu-Ray player, and thought it looked pretty good.  These two movies are not much better, if at all.<br />Zathura might be a little better than Jumanji (video quality).<br /><br />This was my first time watchint Zathura, and I thought it was pretty good.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Love this app... Very addictive. Want an update with new challenges. Love the achievements, my husband and I had a race to seen who completed them first. Now my 5 year old niece is teaching her grandma how to play. Great fun!
031603438X|5.0|What are you waiting for? It is a great book and if you are reading this you are interested in Keith Richards. Just buy it already.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Wow!!  Thanks to Kindle, I was able to download the book at about one in the morning, and it's now seven in the morning.  I have not read a book in one sitting, or in one night for years!<br /><br />People who saw the ABC interview with Diane Sawyer saw how warm and lovely this young lady is, and her book is like the interview but a hundred times warmer and more personal.<br /><br />Jaycee's story is refreshing in that it's written by her, and not from a co-author.  Much of the book are pages and pages taken from the actual journal entries she wrote while in her backyard prison.  You can tell that her journal entries read in much same way as the rest of the book, so in a sense, the entire book is a continuation of her journaling and her ongoing mission in life to help others.  For example, it's hard to tell when you're reading from her old journal entries from her more current writings of when she's authoring this book.  It's really all one voice, and you definitely get a feel for how her voice resonates through.<br /><br />Some readers on comment sections of news sites have mentioned they don't want to read the book due to graphic scenes being portrayed.  Yes, these scenes are there, but written in a very mature way that I think people should really read.  The book doesn't focus on these scenes, as rather the book focuses on simply sharing her story and conveying her sense of hope that's still beaming today.  But the sexual abuse scenes are important to all of America as they describe horrifying sexual acts that often go by generic terms like 'rape' and 'molestation.'  But what do those mean?  Jaycee paints a much clearer picture, and in doing so, acts as the voice for all the victims of sexual abuse that can't share their story.<br /><br />In America, sexual abuse is something that gets pushed under the rug, or punished.  It's like there's no in between.  Jaycee didn't know what the word rape meant while the act was being done to her, and I remember when I was 11 (I was also born in 1980 like Jaycee), I didn't know what the word rape meant either.  I don't think I learned what the word meant until I was 13 or 14.  Perhaps if more people learn about sexual abuse, and what it actually entails, then more can be done to protect innocent victims. And more importantly, when people realize what goes on behind closed doors of rapists, perhaps there won't be parole after just a few years for somebody who had already raped a woman for eight hours straight in a warehouse.  Jaycee does an excellent job showing how her captor is a repeat offender, one that therapy cannot solve.  Jaycee goes on to describe the failure of the therapists that her captor visited, and how they enabled him more than anything by allowing him to make excuses rather than be accountable for his behavior.<br /><br />With all this being said, this book is probably not for young teenagers to read by themselves, as Jaycee shares vivid accounts of sexual abuses that happened to her; abuses she didn't even know the names for at the time.  Cautiously I note, the entire book would be a great one for a parent and teenager to read and discuss together, with parental guidance on parts of the book that are tough to read or perhaps need proper perspective put into place. (Parents, you must read the book first, as you're the one to judge if the book is appropriate or not for your teenager).  In my opinion, I think it's a subject that needs to be talked about more, even if it's difficult to read, but of course, that's up to parental discretion.<br /><br />The only part I found that was hard to read in the book were the journal entries that talk about her thoughts and reactions to her captor's ongoing talk about Angels and how her captor believed the Angels control people.  I don't know how many pages in the regular book, but it was a few pages on the Kindle.  While it's tough to read, it illuminates just how unimaginably tougher it would be to live in that kind of manipulative situation on a daily basis.<br /><br />What's also tough but enlightening to read is how much compassion she has for all the animals she cared for.  Through all the events taking place upon her rescue, she even asks a couple officers if they can check on her animals and make sure they're okay, at which time the officers made sure to find them and get them temporary foster homes.  The irony that develops through her selfless caring often mirrored her own reality:  For example, Jaycee starts feeling really badly about one of her cats being locked up with her all the time, and feeling guilty for wanting the cat's company, she shares how a shed is no place for a cat.  Yet she never shows any kind of self-pity on her own situation...all you see is your strength and courage.<br /><br />I just can't believe these things happened to an 11 year old girl.  You really get a sense into the manipulation of the captors (I refuse to say their names) and how through the horror of everything, Jaycee completely shines light throughout her memoir.  It's like there's not even a 'hate' bone in her body -- she's an inspiration to us all; that love and hope conquers no matter.  And the best thing is that the entire memoir is written so warmly, it's like Jaycee is sharing her story with you directly at the dinner table.  And she goes on to share, now that she and her family are free, something very important to her: The simple daily act of cooking great foods and eating at the dinner table.<br /><br />One last thing, in her journal entries she mentions her goals and plans for her future once she becomes free -- so many of them she's actually doing!ituation on a daily basis.<br /><br />What's also tough but enlightening to read is how much compassion she has for all the animals she cared for.  Through all the events taking place upon her rescue, she even asks a couple officers if they can check on her animals and make sure they're okay, at which time the officers made sure to find them and get them temporary foster homes.  The irony that develops through her selfless caring often mirrored her own reality:  For example, Jaycee starts feeling really badly about one of her cats being locked up with her all the time, and feeling guilty for wanting the cat's company, she shares how a shed is no place for a cat.  Yet she never shows any kind of self-pity on her own situation...all you see is your strength and courage.<br /><br />I just can't believe these things happened to an 11 year old girl.  You really get a sense into the manipulation of the captors (I refuse to say their names) and how through the horror of everything, Jaycee completely shines light throughout her memoir.  It's like there's not even a 'hate' bone in her body -- she's an inspiration to us all; that love and hope conquers no matter.  And the best thing is that the entire memoir is written so warmly, it's like Jaycee is sharing her story with you directly at the dinner table.  And she goes on to share, now that she and her family are free, something very important to her: The simple daily act of cooking great foods and eating at the dinner table.<br /><br />One last thing, in her journal entries she mentions her goals and plans for her future once she becomes free -- so many of them she's actually doing!
B004LROMSO|5.0|I really loved Camelot & I continue to watch season 1, despite its cancellation. I feel like the story arc of season 1 more or less completes itself, so it works as a stand-alone miniseries.     I don't understand why most critics didn't like Jamie as Arthur. I thought he did a good job with the material he was given--he's not a bad actor at all! And I don't understand why a lot of people think there's a huge difference in quality between Camelot & Game of Thrones. Game of Thrones might be a bit more polished, but I always thought Camelot was most entertaining!    I'd recommend Camelot to anyone who likes period movies!
0786939532|5.0|This book is the beginning of the \\"Dark Elf Trilogy\\" which, technically, serves as a prequel to the \\"Icewind Dale Trilogy.\\" That being said, I would read this trilogy before the Icewind Dale Trilogy, as this book is mainly about development of the main character, Drizzt Do'Urden. Such knowledges helps when reading Icewind Dale but is no means required; just a personal preference. Drizzt is a drow elf, a dark elf, that hails from Menzoberranzan, a city shrouded in darkness underground, home to the drow elves.    Homeland tells the story of Drizzt's birth. It details how the elf grew up in a city of murder, treachery, and deceit at all levels, characteristic of the drow culture. As family members murdered each other, as competing families gained in stature through systematic murders, Drizzt developed differently. As a warrior, Drizzt, it is clear, has no rivals, but what this book truly is about is the drow elf's ascent as a moral individual in a city with no morals.    Salvatore's opener to this series is some of his best work. Homeland features:    -Drizzt's relationship with his father.    -Drizzt's schooling.    -The chaotic politics of the drow city    -Drizzt's moral development.    For its intrigue alone, this book is a must-read for all those that are fans of the fantasy genre.
0756405890|5.0|This is a great book. No doubt about it. It has a sense of myth and fun that most fantasy books lack these days. By the end of the novel you feel you have a good grip on who Kvothe is. What I truly remember about this book is some truly great scenes. Kvothe playing for his Harps, or Taking a \\"leap of faith\\" hoping to impress a teacher, and his trying to describe why the girl was so beautiful.<br /><br />There is a really good plot starting to boil in The Name of the Wind. This one seems to be more concerned with world building and character development.<br /><br />Patrick Rothfuss is very talented and has a fan in me for years to come.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|LOVE this album! Pumping beats make it hard to stay in my seat when driving to work. She is amazing!!!I LOVE YOU Mother Monster!!!
0545259088|3.0|The Wolves of Mercy Falls trilogy is one I've thoroughly enjoyed. When it comes to the absolute glut of YA paranormal romances out there, this series stands head and shoulders above the pack, if you will. And, as I've said before, it's all due to Maggie Stiefvater's exceptional prose and the understated nature of her storytelling in general. I end up walking away unsatisfied from so many paranormals these days, that it is with not a little relief that I look forward to each of Maggie's releases. I really cannot wait to get my hands on her upcoming [[ASIN:054522490X The Scorpio Races]]. But Sam and Grace have been on my mind since the end of [[ASIN:0545123291 Linger]], and I may have done a little dance of joy when this one showed up in my mailbox. In any event, every other book in the house immediately went on the back burner as I cozied up with Sam and Grace (and Isabel and Cole) to see their story through to its conclusion.<br /><br />A warning: This is the third and final book in a trilogy so take heed. Beyond this point, there be spoilers.<br /><br />Waiting. That's what Sam's life has become. One unending series of days and nights in which Grace isn't there. In which the \\"normal\\" inhabitants of Mercy Falls stare at him suspiciously, wondering just what he had to do with the mysterious disappearance of more than one hometown girl in the past few months. And while the girl he loves is off discovering the furrier side of life, Sam is left at home to take care of things. To take care of Cole. And Isabel. And the bookstore. Except Sam is not up to doing much taking care of anything these days. And so Cole fills Sam's silences up with any noise he can find. And when blasting old NARKOTIKA tunes as loud as the speakers will go fails to rouse Sam, Cole calls Isabel's cell phone and leaves one more in an endless string of unanswered messages. And Isabel sits at home, barely suppressing the anger that seems to fill her to bursting these days. But just as Sam before her, Grace's shape is now ruled by weather, and it's only a matter of time before the missing girl comes back. In the meantime, Sam must get through another day without her and without Beck. Isabel must negotiate her increasingly militant father's calls for a wolf hunt in Boundary Wood. And Cole must see if he can put his long dormant intellect to good use finding a way to save them all.<br /><br />So this is my second \\"last book in a trilogy\\" in a row, and frankly I'm starting to feel a bit picked on. A bit bruised by all this ending. Yes, yes, all good things must come to an end and other nonsense. But I can still bemoan it being over, right? Having to say goodbye to friends is tough stuff. I actually brushed up a little bit on what happened in [[ASIN:0545123291 Linger]] before diving into FOREVER. Good thing, too, as it takes right off without a ton of recap, which is, for the record, just the way I like it. Cole and Isabel completely worked their way under my skin in [[ASIN:0545123291 Linger]], and I was so stoked to be back with them again. I love it when an author takes a risk by introducing new, often initially unwelcome characters, into a series with just spectacular results. The two of them and Sam were my favorite parts about this book. Cole himself leaped off the pages like gangbusters. Anytime he and Isabel were in the same room had my heart pounding. And, just for the record, the last chapter featuring the them together is killer. The feisty and complicated dynamic between the ex-rock star and the spoiled little rich girl was perfectly balanced by Sam's increasing isolation. And none of it is sugar coated. I found myself charmed by Cole's reaction to Grace and by the unexpected connection they form. I loved how large a role Sam's history plays as well. I didn't even realize I'd been craving more on his relationship with Beck and the other wolves who raised him, but apparently I was as I absolutely ate up the exploration of how his perceptions of the past worked on him now. That said, my emotions weren't quite as engaged as they were in the previous two books. The stakes didn't feel as high. One of the things I have always loved about this series is that it's quieter and not showy on the whole, yet it packs such an emotional punch. And it's not that there was a lack of tension this time (the final chapters rev their engines nicely), but rather that the various threads of tension didn't seem to coalesce quite right by the time the climax came around, with the result that I was a bit surprised when I read the last sentence and turned the page to find there was nothing more. Rest assured, however, that the writing is as beautiful as always. And I was left with a palpable sense of longing, which may in the end be the perfect result for this elegant series that has been so full of the ebb and flow of both love and loss.d, my emotions weren't quite as engaged as they were in the previous two books. The stakes didn't feel as high. One of the things I have always loved about this series is that it's quieter and not showy on the whole, yet it packs such an emotional punch. And it's not that there was a lack of tension this time (the final chapters rev their engines nicely), but rather that the various threads of tension didn't seem to coalesce quite right by the time the climax came around, with the result that I was a bit surprised when I read the last sentence and turned the page to find there was nothing more. Rest assured, however, that the writing is as beautiful as always. And I was left with a palpable sense of longing, which may in the end be the perfect result for this elegant series that has been so full of the ebb and flow of both love and loss.
1569242739|5.0|I LOVE THIS BOOK!  I LOVE ISA!  She has made my transition to being vegan very easy.  I get requests from my friends all the time to make the cookies and cream cupcakes and the ginger ones.  I personally have loved every recipe I've tried but have hidden the book for awhile.  (I need to watch my waistline!)I have every one of Isa's cookbooks.  She is my idol.  (I apologize for sounding like a stalker!)
0756405890|5.0|In short, Patrick Rothfuss has taken elements from the great fantasy pillars and crafted something utterly entertaining and original. Kvothe,our main character, is one of the more interesting main characters I've come across. On the surface, Kvothe is near superhuman. However, we quickly learn that the appearance of invincibility is attached directly to his age and maturity. As a worry-free child, his abilities seem limitless. While, as a teenager/adult, he constantly struggles with using his intelligence and abilities in a correct way. The character soaks up all of the traditional elements of a wizard in training, but with Kvothe, we're treated to a smorgasboard of guilt, anger, Sherlock Holmes-esque deduction and plotting, and more.<br /><br />The real star, for me,is the world and tone that Rothfuss has created. He's built a world that feels real, one full of dark actions and characters, with one whimsical beacon where we spend the bulk of our time -- the University. An entire town of aspiring wizards -- we're treated to the same tone and shenanigans that a more arrogant and mischievous Harry Potter might bet himself into, but the consequences are much more real.<br /><br />The blend of traditional fantasy tones (Harry Potter) with dark, gritty realism (George RR Martin) is what makes this series so incredible.<br /><br />A couple of points:<br />1. Don't let the framework scare you or sell you on the series. It's so incredibly un-intrusive that it really doesn't interfere with the reading in a any way. It does set up some unique narration points, but Rothfuss is so tied up on plotting that we haven't been treated to much exploitation of the framework.<br /><br />2. It may take 100+ pages to get into. The balance between traditional fantasy and gritty realism makes it difficult for some to visualize what's happening. My suggestion would be to think Harry Potter movies with elements of HBO's Carnivale.<br /><br />3. Kvothe is a tricky character -- not as straightforward as he seems on the surface.
B0002HZLWI|5.0|I purchased these blocks for my Daughters upcoming birthday so of course I had to open the box and have a look when they arrived.<br /><br />The are so beautiful. You can feel the grain of the wood in the pieces. Some sides are a little more smooth than others, great to touch.<br /><br />It is quite a big set but I plan on purchasing one more since I have 3 children who will want to play with them and I would like to minimize squabbling.<br /><br />Overall I am VERY HAPPY with the purchase. When my kids are grown, their own children will play with these blocks, great grandchildren after that.<br /><br />Something I always wish I could find with a purchase like this is a contents list. So I laid the blocks out and took a photo. I will try and attach it somehow.<br /><br />***UPDATE***<br />Over 2 years later these are still pulled out and played with on a regular basis by my 3 children (5yrs, 7yrs, 9yrs). We've also added several of the other Haba block sets.
0670022411|1.0|Can't think why a seemingly intelligent woman such as Deborah Harkness would write such a silly, lengthy novel. A thorough disappointment. I will definitely NOT read the sequel.
031603441X|3.0|When I first read that Keef was going to \\"write\\" his autobiography, I was excited and full of anticipation.  I've read a couple other unauthorized bios about him and enjoyed them immensely.  In fact, I really love to read biographies, especially of rockers who I admire.  A couple of my favorites are both Clapton books and Ray Davies' \\"X-Ray\\".<br /><br />I received \\"Life\\" from my wife this past Christmas and I am finally finishing it.  This is unusual considering I polished off EC's second autobiography in less than 2 days.  For some reason, \\"Life\\" just never grabbed me even though I consider myself a long time admirer (if that is an accurate adjective for a wild man like Keith).<br /><br />I found \\"Life\\" to be a combination of kiss and tell tabloid like stories and a reckless rap sheet of drug induced capers.  Unlike his recovered peers, Keef hasn't much regret for his antics which he repeatedly seems to revel in.  This repetition grew old less than half way through the book.  Perhaps the tone of the book has something to do with Richards' inability or unwillingness to really bare his soul.  While I find great amusement with many of his stories and overall demeanor in telling them, maybe he's just not very deep or concerned about matters of the soul.<br /><br />Anyway, I'm glad I read it (almost) but it's content has changed the way I previously idealized Keith.  He's basically just an easy going bloke who is primarily interested in playing music and getting high.  He was a terrible. self absorbed father and a lousy husband who probably never should have married even though he is quick to let the reader know he was never a one night stand, casual sex kind of rock star.  He is quick to notice the defects of character of his cronies with seemingly only a surface realization of his own shortcomings other than acknowledging that he and his friends are all \\"jailbirds.\\"<br /><br />I was disappointed to learn that Keith is probably NOT the kind of man I would enjoy sitting down with over a couple of drinks and a smoke.  I know now that I prefer to watch and listen to him perform because that is what he does best and that is what he definitely enjoys most doing.<br /><br />I think this is a good book for anyone who is curious about the dynamics of the relationship of The Glimmer Twins (Keith and Mick).  There were a few interesting explanations about the origins of certain songs and interaction with other musicians (X-Pensive Winos & his solo work) Details about the Rolling Stones however are better covered in other works although coverage of the cirumstances of Brian Jones' death was interesting and provocative.  Personally, I was disappointed and only occasionally entertained but that's just my perspective.f drinks and a smoke.  I know now that I prefer to watch and listen to him perform because that is what he does best and that is what he definitely enjoys most doing.    I think this is a good book for anyone who is curious about the dynamics of the relationship of The Glimmer Twins (Keith and Mick).  There were a few interesting explanations about the origins of certain songs and interaction with other musicians (X-Pensive Winos & his solo work) Details about the Rolling Stones however are better covered in other works although coverage of the cirumstances of Brian Jones' death was interesting and provocative.  Personally, I was disappointed and only occasionally entertained but that's just my perspective.
1451629184|5.0|This is the first book I've read in quite a few years, and I finished it in less than a day.  Captivating, compelling, well-written.  Jaycee - THANK YOU for sharing your difficult history for others to see the hope, inspiration, and strength that can come out of so much evil.  Phillip and Nancy will someday meet their Maker, and their Judgment Day.  You, Jaycee, are the TRUE angel!
B004LWZW24|5.0|Director James Wan and long-time screenwriting partner Leigh Whannell have created a compelling and efficient scare engine that plays on some of our simplest fears - that someone close to us is in danger situation that we don't understand. Insidious doesn't try to reinvent the demonic possession film but instead mashes it up with the haunted house sub-genre with astral projection thrown in for good measure. The end result is an entertaining film that resides somewhere between the flashy style of [[ASIN:B002JT69IW Drag Me to Hell (Unrated Director's Cut)]] and the unsettling, white knuckle scare tactics of [[ASIN:B002VKE1K2 Paranormal Activity]] with engaging characters that you grow to care about over time.<br /><br />\\"Horror 101: The Exclusive Seminar\\" features director James Wan and screenwriter Leigh Whannell talking about how they first came up with the notion of astral projection, which they hadn't seen much in film and place it in a haunted house setting. Whannell wanted to make sure that the audience got to know and identify with the Lambert family so that they would care about what happens to them later on. He and Wan come across as intelligent and eloquent with a good knowledge of the horror genre and its conventions.<br /><br />\\"On Set with Insidious\\" takes a look at the making of the film with plenty of on set footage as we see Wan working with the cast and crew. We see how one of the film's stunts is performed and an alternate take of a scene. This extra provides some nice insights into filming.<br /><br />\\"Insidious Entities\\" takes a look at the ghosts and demons that appear in the film. Wan and Whannell talk about their distinctive look and where the inspiration for some of them came from and why.
B0057VY45O|4.0|Michael  is lazy but a brilliant college dropout with a memory that has allowed him to pass the bar exam without attending law school. Of course he uses this talent for other things other than putting it to good use.  Harvey  one of Manhattan's best lawyers,  hires Mike as his new associate seeing what he is able to do with his memory.  It just so happens that the firm Harvey works has policy of hiring only Harvard Law graduates.  Harvey and Mike needs  to pretend that Mike has gone to Harvard.<br /><br />As I have watched the first three episodes, it's not bad. It reminds me a bit of psych and the mentalist if your a fan of those shows but just throw the lawyer aspect in there. I look forward to seeing more episodes and see what will become of this show. The characters are very engaging, as much as I'm drawn to Mike and very drawn to Harvey.
B002BU0DPE|1.0|These headphones are so cheaply made that just normal wear and tear for me, meaning, taking them off and laying them on the floor next to my workstation out of the way, has caused them to crack, break and fracture in unexplainable ways.  I am not an emotional gamer who rips their headphones off and throws them across the room when I get corner camped. No, I actually take care of things I pay decent amounts of money for.  However, these headphones cost me over 80$ and I hadnt owned them more than 3 weeks before the ratchet on the mic had begun to loosen and the mic couldnt be adjusted it would just flop down all the way to the bottom setting.  Then I noticed my left ear piece was considerably loose, and it eventually broke at the junction between the head band and the ear phone.  I have had to super glue it together three times and obviously have lost all swivel capabilities on that side as a result.  Now, just recently, I found the piece on the mics swivel joint that acutally hold the mic to the ear phone has cracked in half.  No idea how that happened but now I have to epoxy that back in so it stays.      You can read this review and chalk it up to a guy who throws his stuff around like a 12 yo.  but Im serious, I have never done that.  I have a hardwood floor where my desk is and I literally just place it on the ground when Im done with it, and I can only imagine the mics loose ratcheting is from poor design and cheap material.  Its a shame because I like the sound quality of these headphones and the mics is good.  But the quality of construction is not durable at all and anything you pay 80+ dollars for should be built like a tank, especially if it is only a freaking headset with a mic.  I mean 80 bucks is 20% of what most people paid for a ps3.  wtf man.      My recommendation is to buy something else or something cheaper....much cheaper.
0553801473|4.0|This book was great!!! I have waited for years for it and it was worth the wait!  I am so happy HBO series is out so now he will finish the series.  I don't want to give anything away, but this blows Feast for Crows away.  There are alot more POVs with characters I care about, and much more plot development then in the last book.  It also has some new maps!!!  More Please !!!
B0056BMK6K|5.0|THANK YOU, for sharing when you didn't have to. Not many authors are willing to give up their \\"secret\\". THANK YOU for remembering what it's like to find your way when you're starting out, and THANK YOU for putting it in this book.
0545259088|3.0|Sam and Grace have beat the odds against them. Grace has become a werewolf , and Sam is unable to deal with the loss of her.<br /><br />Cole and Isabel made this book for me. There was the snarky humor and romance between these two characters.The first 100 pages dragged and I know of some bloggers who gave up because not much was happening. There is also an issue of trying to get the wolves to safety because Tom Culpeper ( Isabel dad)  going to start shooting them.<br /><br />Cole was my favorite character from Linger. I loved his snarky comments and  he asked the questions I had while reading the book. Lucky Cole is using her smarts for good to help Sam and Grace.<br /><br />There was all the buildup for this great romance, but it was lacking. The ending is totally subjective and I'll will leave it at that. I didn't feel that I got my Great Romance of Sam and Grace. I was expecting a blowup or fight between Grace and her Parents...didn't see that at all. A character dies and there wasn't anything done for it . I didn't get my Romance for Sam and Grace but I did get Cole and Isabel.<br /><br />That's my problem with trilogies. Maybe I expect questions answered and not everything wrapped up in a nice bow which it seemed to me.  I don't expect characters to talking all the time or bemoaning the loss of their love. I expected them to figure out something. I think that this series should have ended at Linger.
B00009AOBI|4.0|I was very happy with the new DVD version of Mask with Cher, Eric Stoltz and Sam Elliot.  The only thing I was disappointed with was the the music was changed from Bob Seger to Bruce Springsteen.  It altered the original version and nobody does biker music better than Bob Seger!!
B00005MM01|5.0|I purchased this CD because my youngest child (nearly 20 now) expressed an interest in Donovan Leitch's music, and in particular, one song from this double album. I was immediately transported back to my own youth when we played this. I was even more delighted to find that it includes the artwork that so enchanted me when I owned the vinyl album. Some sprightly, some funny, some wistful, all the songs on this are lovely tunes. Half of it is dedicated to children, so parents could play it for their little ones, or sing lullabies to send their babes to dreamland. Sweet, sweet memories!
B0057XSCJG|1.0|Look, everyone I know told me that I was foolish for wanting to see this movie despite the fact that (even I) thought it was going to be bad.  I still subjected myself to it and was gravely disappointed.  In short, the script was bad.  The acting possibly even worse.  The entire execution left me pondering how an entire group of people could set out to do something that would take months and months and oodles of dollars and feel good about the product while they were making it.<br /><br />I was interested in a modern day, real life take on the beauty and the beast story. I really thought it could have been done well.<br /><br />This, wasnt.  I spent $4 to see this.  I wish I would have saved it and applied it to the next movie disney releases out of the vault. :(
B004LUS390|5.0|This application amazing. It has so much functionality in such a small package. Their desktop version is even better. The only thing I have to say is there development is rather slow, they have not made an update in a while; and when they did it broke it for my Droid X. The application immediately force closes. Take that into consideration and try the lite version first ( to see if it works on your phone ).<br /><br />Edit: The application issue may have been to a bad download. I uninstalled and re-installed and it now works correctly. I would highly recommend this application.
0553805371|5.0|Simply put, it is required reading for those who want to understand the state of the art, or rather the state of the science, of human advances in decoding the cosmos. The book's value is magnified in that it demolishes many common misunderstandings and frequent misapprehensions of what is proven and what is apt conjecture awaiting verification.<br /><br />The language is accessible to all who can read intelligently. I have bought multiple copies and distributed them to friends: this is truly a treasure of a summary of what we know about the universe -- and there is quite a lot that we know!
0446581348|4.0|I enjoyed reading this book.  It had lots of information how to apply makeup and it is a very good reference.
B004WKOCP8|4.0|Everyone is entitled to his or her own opinion. Here's mine.    I respect Incubus fans, because of the fact that THIS BAND IS TALENTED. They have provided us with excellent music over the years, taking us in all sorts of directions musically; evolving , and always exploring new territory. In my book, if you like Incubus, and have kept up with them, you must have good musical taste.    That being said, I'm a little shocked at the reviews here for this fine album. I don't see how an album like \\"If Not Now, When?\\" can recieve a rating any lower than THREE stars (I give it FOUR myself). What am I missing?? Oh, it must be the fact that the've slowed down a little, maybe even matured a little. A common misconception, lack of aggression = Bad music. This is simple 100% uncorrect. I understand if you prefer aggressive tunes, but to go as far as to say that the new album is bad because it lack aggression, well, maybe listen again, and keep the mind open. It might be good for you to keep your heart rate down a little.    I was pulled in from track number One, I really found myself \\"involved\\" in the dreamy textures they were pulling together. All the while thinking, man!, Incubus should do this type of stuff for an entire album sometime......11 tracks later, I discovered they had done just that.    I also have always been fond of the energy Incubus has on previous albums, but I really find myself going back more to the slow tunes from over the years, those are the ones that have stuck with me the most. Therefore, I have a great appreciation for what the guys have done here, it a very nice addition to their catalog.    Now, the reason, I didn't go for the full 5 stars (though I believe in the musical world of Incubus that rating goes to \\"Make Yourself\\" only anyway), but the reason I went with the four stars is because the song \\"Switchblade\\" is very much out of touch here. It doesnt fit within the mood that has been set by the other tracks on the album.    Anybody whose enjoyedIncubus over the years, and isn't turned of by a more mellow sound, should pick this up as soon as possible, it's great stuff!!!
B000LPQ6DE|4.0|There are quite a few movie versions of \\"Jane Eyre\\" - this classic romantic thriller. But all of them seem to fall short of the novel itself. The longer ones - and this is one of those - do better than the shorter ones, but they are not quite up to par when it comes to a  truthful representation of all that's in the novel. The novel is almost an essay alongside the story. And it's a first-person narration. The motto of the whole book is spelled out by Charlotte Bronte in the \\"Author's Preface\\" of 1847. She states there that \\"Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion.\\" Right on. The novel makes these truths quite clear in its unfolding.    Does this particular production do the same? To a point. By the way, this isn't the first BBC production of this classic tale either. The 1983 version is also very good - but it, too, comes up short when it comes to the novel's truly great thematic unfolding. I think that some new version would have to add the essay-factor to the movie's story. Perhaps this could be done with more narrative voice over - from Jane's point of view.     In any case, I love this version, too. But that's because I have loved this novel since I first read it - and since I reread it several more times - many years ago.
B0042ESTQW|5.0|Great fit on this on my Garmin 800. Very snug and secure and helps keep the product scratch free. I use my garmin on both my roadie and mtn bike. So it's nice to have the extra protection. Not obtrustive in any way, buttons well protected and easy to operate.  The new twist on Garmin attachment is much more secure than the old, haven't had an issue yet it coming undone on a ride. Very secure.  You spent the money on the Garmin, spend a little extra to keep it protected.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|i love this game! it is so addicting and the high def animated graphics really set it above the other two versions.
B003QNXPUK|1.0|Thought I was buying a premium brand for my iPhone ... Followed directions carefully & it would not come up with the applicator side ... no matter how careful I was it wanted to stay stuck to the paper so I used the tip of a razor blade to get it started & ended up with bubbles...Called their 800  # & they said 'too bad no warranty on install issues' ... This was too expensive in the first place now my nice new iPhone looks like crud.  I have installed may different brands of film. THIS IS  THE WORST!!!
B004WKOCP8|1.0|I've been waiting on this album for months but when I give it a first listen I thought they sent the wrong disk.  What is this crap?  No hard guitar? No funky Incubus sound?  What happened to my favorite band?  I should be on my 20th run through and torturing my neighbors.  Instead i have a CD meant to be played in an elevator or my dentists office.  I would give it no stars if possible.  I was thinking about going to their concert at The Shoreline later this year.  Not now if they play this crap.  Bring back my beloved Incubus!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Incredible book.  Read the trilogy and none of them disappointed me.  Kept me at the edge of my seat the entire time.  Not often you can read a book that your laughing, crying and going oh my god! all at the same moment.  Highly recommed it.
B002UXRGM0|5.0|This documentary series is a feast for your eyes.  David Attenborough narration is much more intelligent and entertaining than Oprah's dumb downed version.  Mr. Attenborough gives a narration that is both pleasant to listen to and informative. As Great for introducing your children to conservation and science.
B004LROMQG|5.0|This series just gets better and better with every season. The writing, acting,and directing are very good, and the plots for the third season are more exciting. The characters are becoming more caught up in the intrigue of the Arthurian legend. Merlin and Arthur are on the path that will lead to the fulfillment of their destinies. The growing maturity of both characters is a delight and the strong friendship that they have developed now adds to the great plot twists in every episode. The addition of Gwain, Elyan, and Lancelot to the story (as well as the other new regulars) makes this show all the more interesting to watch...I can't wait for season 4!!!
0345522478|4.0|\\"Entertaining\\" is probably as good a summary as anything.     A 2000 year old druid hanging around a college town, drinking and killing gods.     Of course, the \\"gods\\" seem pretty low powered, and not at all impressive, but the dialog and humor make up for the lack of suspense and not-to-convincing plot twists. (Does a 2000 year old really fall for \\"make a spell to piss someone off, but I won't say who it is\\"?)    Reminds me somewhat of [[ASIN:0441006159 The Book of Jhereg]], due to both the humor, and the snarky familiar.    Minus a few points for having the overdone vampire and werewolf that seem to be required in generic urban fantasy these days. Nothing interesting there, but they aren't on stage enough to be annoying. The Druidic background seems well researched, and uncommon, it seems a shame to pair it with cliches. But I still liked it.    If you want something light, and funny: recommended.
B0047Y0FGY|2.0|After seeing great reviews, I decided to read the book. I like Tina Fey's movies, but never watched 30 Rock. Unfortunately for me, she starts talking about nothing but 30 Rock and her coworkers about halfway in the book. I had no idea what she was talking about or who she was talking about so it made me totally lose my interest and stop reading. So if you don't watch the show, you will start to lose interest half-way through the book.
B003F3NDOO|5.0|Cougar Town is my fave show!! At first it did take me a few episodes to get into it - I thought the jokes werent very clever - but I'm glad I stuck it out as now I cant get enough of this kooky bunch. Love it!!
1594744769|5.0|I bought the book because of some of the reviews and the most intriguing illustrations (photographs). This isn't the sort of book I usually read, but what it turned out to be was a book I would have loved as a kid--and did love as an adult. I had no idea what the story was about except an orphanage that housed some odd children--it was far, far more.<br /><br />Yes, it's fantasy and time travel, and certainly a great adventure with all sorts of the most unique characters, but it is also a coming of age tale as the young hero must make a frightening decision that will completely change his life.<br /><br />I recommend it for children and adults alike, I found it a fascinating read.<br /><br />Marilyn Meredith[[ASIN:189234369X Lingering Spirit]]
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I can't wait to read the book!  Loved Jaycee's interview with Diane Sawyer - What an awesome woman she has become!
0756404738|5.0|This book is great.  Is it as great as The Name of the Wind?  Maybe, maybe not, but that is really besides the point.  It's a great book.  Thoroughly enjoyable.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|At The End of Time when I first saw Matt, I was a little put off.  As the series continued and by the time of Vincent and the Doctor though, I had found that Matt was an excellent choice and absolutely loved the childish attitude and mannerisms that he brought to the Doctor.  The whimsical nature of him just further emphasizes the moments when he gets serious, and you see the Doctor as for who he is: an old, wise, kind, merciful man.
0596009208|2.0|I got about halfway through the book before I had to go get another one with more examples of coding than this one offered. Perhaps it's just the way I learn but I didn't find the conceptual stuff a problem, it was integrating all the things together and see it all presented in working order that I was finding myself frustrated with figuring out at times. I'd rather be shown everything from the ground up than given little short cuts here and there and then just expected to know where they all fit together when shown little snippets of code.
0553582038|4.0|As A Feast for Crows opens, the War of Five Kings at the center of the last two books has largely ended, with three of the five kings dead.  The series is now moving onto its next stage.  The part of the story focusing on Westeros and, in particular, King's Landing is winding down, and the part of the story focusing on the continent across the Narrow Sea and Daenerys is heating up.  Unfortunately, the sheer scale of the transition material Martin is trying to wade through led him to the decision to shift Daenerys and John's stories back to A Dance with Dragons.<br /><br />This results in the weakest of the first four books in the A Song of Ice and Fire series.  Martin continues the habit of describing relatively unimportant events in excruciating detail while leaving other, major events to happen off-screen but without providing the level of payoff that made it an enhancement in A Storm of Swords.  Several new storylines are introduced, but they merely serve as foreshadowing, fail to resonate, or both.  Martin continues to play around with his style, for example, changing up his POV-chapter title conventions, sometimes using informal titles that sometimes change over the course of the book rather than names.  That being said, the book is still very good and does an admirable job at pushing the story forward in the middle of the story (things have slowed down, but are still moving at a torrid pace in comparison to the middle books in A Wheel of Time).
0316096199|2.0|I was unimpressed with this book. It started off enthralling with her gripping description of the rape. However, after that, the book kind of went downhill. It's just a very drawn out story of how she dealt with her rape, which really it seems, she never did. It was rather boring.
B0037TTQ7E|3.0|I picked these up individually from a variety of sources and spent less than the cost of the complete set. The symphonies conducted by Wit, especially the 8th, are good quality performances comparable to the ones by \\"big name\\" orchestras and conductors. The symphonies conducted by Halasz, not so much. The bottom line: you can have either of Leonard Bernstein's terrific sets for less, although if you choose his later DG set, you might supplement it with the 8th symphony from this collection.
0812550706|4.0|I just read this book as a recommendation from my husband. We have had his original copy sitting on the shelf for years and I just bought the eBook. I had no idea what it was about or what to expect and I really enjoyed it! I liked the writing style. I was surprised to care so much about the characters and found myself thinking about the book when I was away from it. Signs of a good book to me.    Look forward to reading more from this author!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I had seen this mini-series on HBO and loved it. I ordered this DVD collection for my father (Navy veteran), who loves all American Military history, for Father's Day. It arrived in time and was brand new in shrink wrap.    The Pacific not only gives you a true gritty, eye opening depiction of what war is really like, but there are several personal stories that were followed in this series that you get emotionally invested. This not only renews the meaning in Memorial Day, but makes one want to go out and hug a veteran and tell them \\"Thank you!\\"    This series is not for the sqeamish or faint of heart.
B004Y1USV2|2.0|Being A Looooong time fan of this band, I will take a pass on this sad lineup. Multiple listens of this one, have not helped, only reinforcing to this listener, that the music comes off as something a \\"Yes\\" cover band would come up with. I can only hope that this lineup will quickly fold & the real \\"Yes\\" will return, (life is short, bury the hatchet guys!!!)  with the true voice of  Yes : Jon Anderson & Keyboard virtuoso: Rick Wakeman on board!!<br />  *********************************************************************<br />A further take on my original review & additional spins of this disc, finds me still agreeing with my initial review & I am also in agreement, with other reviewers in that this \\"project\\", should Not, have been called Yes, but was, me thinks, simply to legitimize a tour (& Chris Squire seems to control the name, for whatever incarnation of the band he puts together); for even though the production is Brilliant, the songwriting & performances fall flat & the singing- still thin & soulless. Overall, it just does not resonate with this fan. Since seeing these guys in 1972, I have accepted & enjoyed most of their efforts, but the real meat & potatoes (and let's face it- the reason we are all here) of the Yes catalog, was created by the Squire,Anderson,Howe,Wakeman & White (with a big tip of the hat to Bill Bruford) lineup!<br />Still however, if some like this one- Cool, while others do not-Cool as well. We are ALL still listening to some Yes!
B0052VUNHC|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in a while.  Everyone do yourselves a favor and read this book!  One of the best romances of all time!
B000002MJR|5.0|I mean really -- it doesn't come much better than this.    I'll admit that not every track is really my favorite, but that's what the skip button is for. But the tracks that do stand out are just sublime. The opening two tracks -- Calling Elvis and Walk of Life really get you going, then it's on to slightly murkier waters with Heavy Fuel and so on. Things don't quite get into the groove again till track six -- Your Latest Trick. The excellence continues with You and Your Friend (very moody), Money for Nothing, and Solid Rock if this were on DVD.    Probably one of my all-time favorite CDs. I must have listened to it a good fifty times in the summer of 2005.
0470876417|5.0|Thoroughly enjoyed pouring through this book - they brought together a fairly complex model in a very digestible way - made me hunger for more! Never before have I found a book to be so much like a personal notebook. Loved the design, presentation and content. Thank you BMG team!
B001UV4XHY|1.0|Video quality on 2 copies I purchased was lousy. I like the movie but picture was blurred with both copies at the second half of the movie.  I need to wait for a new release and hope for better reproduction quality
B0054A0CZY|5.0|I'm a long-time Simple Plan fan. I fell in love with them when I heard \\"Perfect\\" some years back and since then I've collected all their CDs, bought their two DVDs, and I eagerly await their new record. Get Your Heart On! is their fourth album and I must admit, when I first heard the teaser singles I wasn't too impressed. Until I heard \\"Jet Lag\\". So as soon as there was a release date for the album, I made sure I downloaded it for myself the day it came out and since then I've had it on repeat. I generally don't listen to full albums - usually picking up new songs on the radio or on TV adverts, unless it's a band or artist I really love. So I opened up iTunes, stuck on Get Your Heart On! and I was impressed. Mightily so. I've loved every single Simple Plan album and, for me, their best album is Still Not Getting Any..., but Get Your Heart On! is right up there with it for me.<br /><br />Simple Plan stick to what makes them good: the guitars, the big songs, the ballads but they throw something else into the mix with Get Your Heart On!, there are some mighty good collaborations on the album. I love a good collaboration and all of them on Get Your Heart On! are excellent. Rivers Cuomo features on the second track \\"Can't Keep My Hands Off You\\", Natasha Bedingfield lends her impressive vocals to \\"Jet Lag\\", Alex Gaskarth is on \\"Freaking Me Out\\" and K'naan is on \\"Summer Paradise\\". They're definitely a diverse bunch; the only one I've heard of is Natasha because she was big in the UK years ago. But they all work really well and I liked all of their inclusions.<br /><br />The album is a short one, sadly, with only 11 tracks but they're all excellent. I haven't once wanted to skip a track and they melodies and choruses are all so easy to pick up on that I'm singing along. \\"You Suck At Love\\", \\"Can't Keep My Hands Off You\\" and \\"Jet Lag\\" kick the album off, all high-tempo, fast-paced songs. All are brilliant and all were released in the build-up to the release of the album. Things slow-down a little with \\"Astronaut\\", a song that has really grown on me with each listen. \\"Loser of the Year\\" and \\"Anywhere Else But Here\\" are two more big songs. \\"Loser of the Year\\" seemed a bit childish when I first heard it, but the more I listen, the more I enjoy and I loved \\"Anywhere Else But Here\\" from the first listen. \\"Freaking Me Out\\" is probably my least favourite song on the album, but it's still poppy enough for me to not skip it. \\"Summer Paradise\\" is another favourite, I love K'naan's rap and it's just a perfect lazy summer track. Things slow down again with the brilliant \\"Gone Too Soon\\" - unlike most pop-punk bands, Simple Plan excel with their ballads and they're a big draw for me. There's one last upbeat song in \\"Last One Standing\\", again it's not as good as the rest of the album but it's good enough. The album ends with \\"This Song Saved My Life\\", which is rapidly becoming my favourite song on the album. It caps off the album beautifully.<br /><br />Get Your Heart On! was well worth the wait. It seems absolutely ages and ages since Simple Plan was released, so I'm really pleased they're back and I'm even more pleased that they're better than ever. So far, for me, I've loved everything Simple Plan has brought out and Get Your Heart On! is a worthy addition to their three previous albums. I love it, plain and simple. The songs are catchy, the ballads are excellent and the collaborations REALLY work. I don't know what else I can say, I loved it and can see me listening to it for ages to come.ittle with \\"Astronaut\\", a song that has really grown on me with each listen. \\"Loser of the Year\\" and \\"Anywhere Else But Here\\" are two more big songs. \\"Loser of the Year\\" seemed a bit childish when I first heard it, but the more I listen, the more I enjoy and I loved \\"Anywhere Else But Here\\" from the first listen. \\"Freaking Me Out\\" is probably my least favourite song on the album, but it's still poppy enough for me to not skip it. \\"Summer Paradise\\" is another favourite, I love K'naan's rap and it's just a perfect lazy summer track. Things slow down again with the brilliant \\"Gone Too Soon\\" - unlike most pop-punk bands, Simple Plan excel with their ballads and they're a big draw for me. There's one last upbeat song in \\"Last One Standing\\", again it's not as good as the rest of the album but it's good enough. The album ends with \\"This Song Saved My Life\\", which is rapidly becoming my favourite song on the album. It caps off the album beautifully.    Get Your Heart On! was well worth the wait. It seems absolutely ages and ages since Simple Plan was released, so I'm really pleased they're back and I'm even more pleased that they're better than ever. So far, for me, I've loved everything Simple Plan has brought out and Get Your Heart On! is a worthy addition to their three previous albums. I love it, plain and simple. The songs are catchy, the ballads are excellent and the collaborations REALLY work. I don't know what else I can say, I loved it and can see me listening to it for ages to come.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Took to long to get to android but I love it. Must have on your phone. Addictive and very fun.
B000002WYT|5.0|If you don't have this album, why the heck not.  It is so dang good. You will be impressed with and addicted to the music of DMB.  This is a must have album for anyone who loves really good music.
0823095223|5.0|This book is by far one of the best I've ever read on the subject of sculpting and casting sculptures and toys.  It goes through techniques, tools, customizing your work area, development and creative processes, painting, articulation - the lot.    Love it and will never ever let it leave my home.  Photos inside are in COLOR even.
0470638842|5.0|Erik's socialnomics provide a comprehensive overview of the social landscape and how the industry has evolved. If you are new to this space, you will quickly be emerge into the world of social media and how not taking a part of the active conversation WILL hurt your business. If you are a seasoned professional, you will be provided with insight into how to stay on top of industry trends and think differently about how social affects your business. The tools in this book can be used for any industry. Erik presents in a way that allows the reader to be creative and place the concepts in their own context. This book is a must read!
B004UA8D1O|5.0|I have to say I didn't know what to expect, but with JC directing, I though I'd give it a shot, especially since I have a new large-screen 3D TV and there aren't many titles available.   I was surprised by not only the production value (excellent 3D, photography, set dressing, lighting etc.) but also by the great story and acting.   Fun to watch.
0439023513|3.0|Katniss makes lots of choices in Mockingjay that are NOT the choices of the independent girl who hunts & survives by her wits, hard work & talent. She has the will to live & the determination to survive mainly because she loves her mother and sister, & later also because she loves Gale & Peeta.     In the first two books, Katniss is FORCED to kill other people against her will. At the beginning of Mockingjay, she has her first real opportunity to finally make her own choices. There is no way that the Katniss we know from books one & two would have freely chosen to be used & paraded around ALL OVER AGAIN. Collins tries to give her the motivation of saving Peeta as her reason for agreeing to be the Mockingjay. But 13 had no control of Peeta's fate at that point. That's not nearly enough to trade for her dignity & sense of purpose.      Katniss chose to kill Coin based on what? Information from Snow, of all people. Boggs' death scene is when Katniss, the experienced hunter & Hunger Games winner, would have certainly realized she could not proceed without unbiased, accurate information (aka \\"the Truth\\") about 13, the rebellion & Coin. In fact, she would have found out all she could from Boggs & other sources when he hinted at Coin's true character before that.     And really, Katniss chooses to die, but fails to kill herself because Peeta & guards stopped her? The girl we know from the first & second books would have taken no chances. That pill would have already been IN HER MOUTH as she prepared to kill Coin.    There's also no way Katniss would have ever voted \\"yes\\" to holding another hunger games with the Capital's children.  She would have known that would mean she's just as evil as Snow (& Coin). If Katniss says \\"yes\\" just to make Coin believe she supports her leadership, Collins could easily have let us hear Katniss think it through, as the author does with so many other, much less important decisions.     Here are other things I just can't swallow.    -Katniss &Gale limited to two hours hunting? Fat chance.   -If Katniss disagrees with the tactic to bomb rescuers treating the wounded from a first bombing, why does she fail to strenuously object & continue to go along with supporting 13 & the rebellion?   -Katniss trains to be a soldier? To kill again when she hates killing people? I don't think so.  -She kills a woman in the Capital without a thought because the squad needed a place to re-group? No, that woman could easily have been someone just like Effie, Cinna & the members of her prep team.     Lots of facts & motivation are totally missing, while we're subjected to lots of passages about Katniss' thoughts about other, much more trivial things. Katniss herself is telling this story, & Collins could have done a much better job of weaving the psychological impact of war, PTSD, despair & suicidal tendencies into our heroine's thoughts.
B003N0XDT4|2.0|I haven't tested out the item yet but it's definitely not NEW!! Even though it said scratches on the front side is normal, why would there be scratches in the first place? Also scratches on the jack outputs. I WANTED NEW ONE NOT USED
B00000JWVO|5.0|After I got my bigger TV, I enjoyed it a lot more.  The bigger the screen the easier it is to fully enjoy the color of the cats and the makeup of the dancers--enjoy--enjoy
B000W8OM5Y|5.0|I got this collectors edition as a gift and it is by far the best one I own and I own 3 different versions.    If you are a fan of this movie, you must own this version.
B0017KIBAI|5.0|Original controllers are a must. This one is perfect for Super Smash Bros. Brawl. My older GC controllers are all starting to die, so this is a perfect replacement! The longer cord makes it less of a hassle to play in multiplayer. Satisfied twice already, and going for more!
B004WKOCP8|2.0|i like incubus a lot, one of my fondest memories was seeing them in concert right before 'Morning View' was released (in a small indoor setting.............totally rocked)    i've played SCIENCE, Make Yourself, Morning View, A Crow left.... many many many times over and over thru the years (light grenades not as much but still was a decent album......and for some reason i never got into their early stuff)    this is just boring to me, doesn't sound like it should be labeled as Incubus........it should just be \\"Brandon Boyd and Co.\\" or something like that    i've tried to listen to it again and again (played the whole thing a dozen times or so) and it just doesn't fit them and what made them so good to me.  was really hoping they would jam out a stellar album like Foo Fighters did earlier this year.    All in all pretty much every song is slow and boring (this is compared to what you would expect to come from this band).  While there are a couple of decent songs (Promises, promises; Isadore; Adolescents are about the only ones i like) they still aren't anything close to as awesome as some of their past songs    listen to the samples on amazon, thats about as exciting as any of the songs actually get
B00006WKY9|5.0|Sadly this would be Uli Jon Roth's Swan Song with the Scorpions.  Like Virgin Killer, this is another great album.
193413712X|4.0|I don't worry about (nor critique) why one book reaps awards and another does not. As I read this small volume, something rose in me -- a song of longing by children for their fathers. The looking forward, the looking back, the wondering at how we each construct a life from the few resources granted us by the previous generation.
B0034G4P7G|3.0|What could have been an excellent movie was spoiled for me by the atrocious audio.  If you are listening through the thimble-sized speakers of your television, you may find the audio acceptable, but if you channel it through a decent amp and speakers, you'll have a hard time hearing the dialog which is constantly distorted by the overwhelming \\"music\\" (and I use that term very loosely).  If you have a good surround sound system, and would like a movie that uses 5.1 to good effect, get the movie \\"Secretariat\\".  To appreciate how audio can be used to complement the video portion of a movie, get \\"True Grit\\", or for that matter, any movie by the Coen Brothers, who have formed a long-term association with that master of movie music, Carter Burwell.
0762434279|5.0|A brilliant book for finances and any business or organization. This book has been a real eye opener for me. The book mentions how you need to have more assets than liabilities, how the rich don't work for money, the rich invent money, the power of corporations and so on. This book has changed my way of thinking about money - I have now decided I do not want to live life just on a \\"pay check\\" and be an employee for ever, trying to make some one else rich - I want to be a business owner and have multiple sources of income, like from real-estate if your in the right place with a good market for your benefit.     The book was also a very easy and simple read, another must read book! Hats of to Robert. Cannot wait to read: \\"The richest man in Babylon by George S Clason\\", and \\"the millionaire next door\\"
B004Y1USV2|5.0|Every song 100% impressive   Production 100% Impressive  The music  100% Impressive  The art work 100% Impressive    I say Yes!!!!
0345529057|5.0|George r.r. Martin is the new J.R.R. Tolkien. His epic fantasy is on the same level as lotro and we literally are living amongst a legend in literature which we should all be appreciative of. These books will never be forgotten, they will be studied and praised for eternity. Why? B/c george martin forged a medieval fantasy for the modern age, a medieval fantasy we needed. How? B/c the over saturated fantasy genre had to have orcs, had to have all knowing elves, had to have all this nonsnese. Song of ice and fire says this is what we're gonna do, throw that crap out the window and give readers a dark, mature, rich and compelling intimate fantasy epic of blood honor glory sacrifice lust greed and high epic fantasy. So there you go, as far as this particular product, i saw the 1 stars and i got worried, i bought this four pack at barnes and noble store and i spent 30 minutes thumbing through all the books and i can say i am not missing any pages, which is atrocious and i would be infuriated as well but fortunately i am not missing any pages. I cant say anything about grammatical errors as i have read them all through yet but i am not missing pages. I suggest purchasing this in a store and checking when you get home and returning it if youre missing pages - thats just pathetic on the publisher's part.
0143113100|5.0|This book is a simple, easy to understand book with a very nice read. There may be the occassional scientific word or scientists name that people may not understand or comprehend well (Hey, I'm guility too!) but it's irrelevant because the content in this book is amazing.     For hundrends of years our brain was thought by scientists to be \\"hard wired\\" and fixed - meaning it could never change. Norman Doidge proves through the stories in this book that in actual fact since neuroplasticity was introduced, our brains can change; it is indeed modifiable, adaptable, and can be re-wired for the better!- Our brains are not like machines where different parts of the machines are responsible for certain functions. We can change, and be re-wired. Our thoughts, visualization and mental exercises help achieve change. For example, exercising and reading or writing make new neuron connections, and in the long term, new neurons are made in the brain while older neurons that are no longer used break of - based of the statement: use it, or lose it!     Don't let your mind atrophy, instead of spending your time watching TV 6 hours a day or on facebook 3 hours a day, go and exercise, meditate, read, write, plan your financial future, continually educate your self. Do something that will build positive and good neuron connections in your brain, that in the long term, will make great habits in your life and you will be alot happier! Exercise your brain as you exercise your body.     We no longer need to be influenced or act/behave based on our genetics and outside media or cultural influences! This book will develop true, lasting, quantum leap change.     This is another must read book.
0553801473|5.0|A long wait has a way of raising expectations to levels that often cannot be met.   This, however, is not the case with \\"A Dance with Dragons\\". It delivers the characters it promised to deliver (and more; I loved every one of the new POVs as well as the chapters reconnecting with characters from \\"A Feast for Crows\\") and it delivers the rich atmosphere, shocking plot twists and fascinating background details that make \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" a stand-out series. Martin is a master storyteller who isn't bound by genre or by conventions; some chapters are high fantasy, others are almost pure horror, and it all blends so very well.  Admittedly, I was not one of those who was disappointed in the previous book, \\"A Feast for Crows\\". In fact, I rank it my second favourite, after \\"A Game of Thrones\\" but alongside \\"A Storm of Swords\\". Where would I place \\"A Dance with Dragons\\"? Narrowly below AFfC and ASoS and a fair bit ahead of \\"A Clash of Kings\\". In terms of stars, I would place all but ACoK at 5, with it somewhere around 4 or 4 1/2 if that existed.  Those who didn't care for \\"A Feast for Crows\\" may find the first half of ADwD to be somewhat similar in tone and pacing and they may also find themselves less enamoured than I was with the new POVs. However, the build-up of the first half comes to several very strong (I hesitate to use the word \\"satisfying\\" because the emotions elicited by what happens aren't quite right for that) conclusions in the latter half.
B0058P7KUA|1.0|EVO 3d and A500 both giving a black screen where opening. Tried rebooting and reinstalling without luck. will change rating when I can actually play the game.
0425241505|5.0|Thea's wonderful world-building, witty heroine, completely Alpha hero, and the little details just made this book impossible to put down.      Pia is hilarious, brave, daring, and beautiful.  Dragos is everything you'd expect a dragon to be; arrogant, greedy, jealous, handsome as sin... brought low by tiny little Pia.    Elves and wyr-creatures, fae and goblins, this book had a little bit of everything for everyone; wonderful romance, an Alpha brought to realization by love, and a heroine that I never once wanted to slap and ask her what she was thinking (a problem I often have with romances, even when I love the story, love the heroine, love the hero...)    Steaming hot sex, and an exciting adventure rounded out this wonderful read.  If you haven't picked it up yet, what the HECK are you waiting for?
B003TXSF5C|2.0|I read through this relatively short book quickly, expecting something new at the end, but was disappointed.    If you are new to current cosmological theories, the book may be worthwhile.  But if you are already up-to-speed, this one adds little.
0060245867|4.0|Simple little story.  Gets old reading it more than a few times.  Not our kid's favorite, but fun.
B005869U6G|3.0|Well, after waiting for new incubus for years now, If Not Now, When is finally released.  Initially, I was a little disappointed.  I thought they would have a few heavier songs in the mix; however, it is still a good album.    It takes me back to Morning View in a way...except even more laid back than that album.  True Incubus fans will like the album, while people that just listened to light grenades and crow left for murder will be in for quite a surprise.  My issue with this album is the fact that NOT ONE SONG stands out from the rest.  I know Incubus can do better than this!    I am starting to see a trend here.  Incubus likes to do a heavy album...then light....then heavy...then light...etc.  The problem is that at a certain point, the styles clash.  They should stick with what works...but then again, they probably wont even do another one.  Or, if they do we have to wait another five years.
B000EQ47GS|5.0|This is the 1st and most well-known album by Boston and it's widely considered their best release and with good reason! It has no weak songs and all of the songs were hits...(or at least played on the radio! And most still are played on the radio! That's a major success story there)    The Music of this album is Classic Rock and Arena rock with lots of guitar action. Boston's trademark is their unique guitar sound and I agree...who else has a guitar sound like that?    Now the songs: (I'll do this cause it's what i do in my reviews even though probably everyone has heard most of these songs before...I'll do this part for those unlucky souls who haven't)    1. \\"More Than a Feeling\\"- The monster hit that shot Boston into fame the moment they released this album. If you haven't heard this song, then you really need to get out of the rock you're living under! It's on EVERY classic rock radio station out there!    2. \\"Peace of Mind\\"- Personally, my favorite track on the album, I love the chorus and the guitars on this song. It just flows so naturally...and the guitar solo is the high point of the song...but the rest of it is amazing as well...Highly recommended song    3. \\"Foreplay/Longtime\\"- This is the longest song on the album clocking at 7:47 and it is EXTREMELY GOOD! I have no problem saying this is a must-listen-to song. Foreplay is a Hard-rockin' 2 minute instrumental and then Longtime is a nice mellow yet powerful song with soaring guitars and a strong chorus    4. \\"Rock and Roll Band\\"- This song is a fun little tune and wouldn't be out of place in a party. It's the shortest song on the album at 3 minutes even.    5. \\"Smokin'\\"- A GREAT ROCKER! I will say that this is the hardest rockin' song on the album (with words; Foreplay is the heaviest, hardest rockin' overall song). It's also kind of bluesy so it sounds really cool.    6. \\"Hitch a Ride\\"- A good nice mellow song (until Tom Scholz shows us his guitar solo at the end) I love this song...It's so peaceful...7. \\"Something About You\\"- Nice mellow intro, then you hear a song that is pretty good. Not much to say about this one honestly    8. \\"Let Me Take You Home Tonight\\"- This has always been my least favorite song on the album...It starts off nice but it just gets faster at the end and I just don't care for it    Verdict: Get it. Just go to your local record store and get it. After you get it, (Quote the Liner Notes): \\"LISTEN TO THE RECORD!\\"    It doesn't matter what you like. You'll find at least one of these songs to be good.    And I will also say that Tom Scholz did an AMAZING JOB on remastering this album!
B00004YTIQ|1.0|This pool cover shows two rips in two weeks.  There have been no storms and no twigs have fallen on it.  I guess it is not meant to stand up to being in direct sunlight for a good portion of the day?
0061245097|5.0|Let me just start by saying out of all the books I own, this is my absolute favorite series. Period.     There really aren't any words to do these books justice. When I say these books have it all, I mean they have it all. Adrenaline pumping fight scenes, a love so intense it leaves you breathless and giddy, sex scenes so yummy and hot you're practically left hugging a fan for need of cooling off, and better yet-sometimes you get all three of those things at once. But Jeaniene Frost doesn't stop there...she even makes you cry. Sometimes from sadness, but more times than not, it's from laughing so hard at her incredible talent at being appropriately (or inappropriately-depending on your view) blunt and extremely witty, and you can't stop your eyes from watering with tears, even if you tried.     I could probably go on about these books forever, list every character and what makes them so awesome, 'cause let me tell you, they are all perfection of who and what they are when it comes to their rolls in these books; whether its someone you want to comfort, pity, love, laugh at, laugh with, kiss, punch, slap upside the head, or pretty much to just have your wicked way with ;) There's also just enough background character development on all the secondary characters that instead of feeling overwhelmed with unnecessary information, what information we do discover, Jeaniene made the incredibly smart choice of spreading it throughout all the books so that the characters actually develope and grow instead of having either several paragraphs or even page after page of unnecessary descriptions about a character so that they are then left with no where to go in the story.     As much as I want to rant and rave about the main characters (Bones and Cat), I will refrain or else this review would go on and on and on..., but I will say this to all you ladies out there: No matter how much we wish it, there is no man out there in the real world as perfect as Bones- flaws and all- hence his being a FICTIONAL character. Ok, so the perfect flaws and all comment was pretty much and oxymoron, but it doesn't matter because Bones makes it not matter. :)     Bottom line: if you want a great series, then read these books. I, for one, cannot fathom how anyone couldn't absolutely love this series (and also not drool over Bones...fictional or not, let me just grrrr....)
B003PIUC02|5.0|I watched the first episode of this show on a whim. They had been showing previews at the movie theater and it looked cheesy but I thought I'd give it a shot. I saw the first episode late and at the end of it I was convinced it was a horrible show. In fact at the time I thought it was one of the worst episodes of television I'd seen. Over the top nudity and violence for seemingly no reason; at the time I thought it was written by a 14 year old that still giggled as the sight of naked women. But as it turns out I was wrong.<br /><br />I went to the internet and the viewers seemed to agree with me that it wasn't that good but the reviewers that had preview copies said give it a chance it gets good. So I watched the next episode and it seemed to get better. Like Dread Pirate Roberts I kept saying to myself, \\"Ok good job Spartacus. Sleep well. I'll most likely stop watching you next week.\\" but every week I watched and the show seemed to progressively get better and by the fourth episode \\"The Thing in the Pit\\" the show had reached full tilt. The show was no longer something I watched casually out of lack of other things to do it was now something I looked forward to every week.<br /><br />Every week after that seemed more epic than the last. Every episode builds upon the previous ones in the ways that so few shows seem to be able to do anymore. They went to places and explored the depths that other television shows wouldn't even consider. The rules of popular television shows, the idea that some people are safe, the idea that some things are off limits or the idea that each episode should end with a return to status quo or hell even the very concept of the status quo does not apply in Spartacus. People die, bad things happen, endings are not happy, violence is a way of life and a lot of all this stuff happens while the lead characters are naked.<br /><br />By the time the show ended it's 13 episode first season it had become the event of the week; I discussed each episode with co-workers the monday after they aired. I watched that final episode (Appropriately titled \\"Kill Them All\\") with goosebumps; the visceral brilliance of that final few minutes had me cheering along with the crowd. I can't recall a show that got my blood pumping so effectively. I re-watched the entire season again shortly after that final episode aired and I found that knowing where it was going made the previous episodes even more enjoyable.<br /><br />Simply put this show is one of the finest achievements in television.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|The hole set is absolutley amazing.  I couldn't put it down once I started reading.  From the very first chapter I was hooked.  Suzanne Collins does a wonderful job with the background of the characters, and goes to great depth to give you a true feeling of understanding.  The way she decribes the arena's is wicked. When reading I find that the stage needs to be every bit as lade out as the characters, and she blew me away with her imagination.
0060558121|3.0|I came from reading Gaiman's Sandman series, and was intrigued by the concept of Gods that are created as a result of folks traveling from their homeland to America, and the resulting apathy with every new generation. The problem is.. Gaiman takes an incredibly long time to get to the point. After reading about a fourth of the way through, I had a pretty good guess on how it would end. The problem is, I had to read another 3/4ths of the book to find out if I was right. The themes in the book point to a few logical conclusions, which is exactly how it plays out, so the surprise factor I was looking for didn't pan out and I was left feeling disappointed. I will say this much - all the side excursions and tangents Gaiman takes off on in the first half of the book all make sense by the end of the story and Gaiman ties up all the loose ends quite satisfactorily.
B001EAWMGA|4.0|The 2008 film 'Outlander' is a surprisingly good action adventure film comprised of a wonderfully clever mix of futuristic sci-fi, horror and some \\"good ol' boy\\" Viking types in 709 AD, Norway. Though the storyline begins a little slowly, things pick up before long when the monster Grendal (extraterrestial hitch-hiker) explodes onto the screen. That's when the fun and mayhem really takes off at high speed.<br /><br />There are three essentials for a film in this genre to be accepted by the audience and successful at the box office;<br /><br />1- A memorable, bigger than life hero,<br />2- An attractive and fiercely independent woman to act as foil and love interest to the hero and<br />3- A monster that both frigntens and fascinates.<br /><br />James Caviezel fulfills the first requirement, Sophia Myles the second and the filmmakers reimagining of the classic Norse creature Grendal certainly fits the bill for the third. Bottom line, 'Outlander' probably won't make your list of all-time favorite films, but you'll still take it off the shelf once in a while and watch it nevertheless.
1859593410|5.0|[[VIDEOID:moJPCLIML7G85J]]THIS HANDY GUIDE COVERS ALL PARTS OF THE 2010 RULES RELEVANT TO MONEY CASES - WITH ACCOMPANYING @eGLANCE RESOURCES<br />An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />As commented upon in the overview to this excellent family lawyer's guide, the new Family Procedure Rules 2010 (FPR) represent the most significant overhaul of practice and procedure pertaining to family justice over the past two decades.<br /><br />Although the substantive law remains the same, the FPR presents, in the words of the authors, `a new and comprehensive code intended to unify, rationalise, modernise and harmonise the previously diverse rules in operation in relation to different aspects of family law'.  `There is no time to prepare for a soft landing,' the authors add. `...the general principle and presumption is that the (new) FPR will henceforward apply.'<br /><br />The publication of this authoritative Guide by Class Legal is therefore timely, dealing as it does with the financial applications under the new unified procedural code.  Here you have access and guidance to all parts of the 2010 Rules applicable to money cases, as well as the full text of the relevant Rules and the associated Practice Directions.<br /><br />Within its more than 500 pages, this handy paperback volume packs in a lot.  Logically organised, the book is divided into thirty-six parts, (for example `appeals' and `costs).  Each part presents, first, the commentary, then the Rules and Practice Directions, so you can easily look up whatever you need to know.  There's also an extensive index at the back for further ease of reference.<br /><br />The book, however, is more than just a book; it functions as an ongoing up-to-date resource, linked as it is to its companion familyprocedure dot com website, which is included in the price you pay for the book.  As the software is regularly updated -- normally quarterly - and self-contained, it can be installed on your PC, which means you have ready access to the latest resources, (even when you may not be able to connect to the Internet.)<br /><br />The programme provides amendments and additions to the Rules and practice directions, together with the latest edition of the commentary, plus an impressive array of other benefits, including tools, calculators and report-printing features.<br /><br />Family law cases concerning money -- as most of them do -- can be fraught enterprises;  all the more reason why Financial Remedies, with its accompanying @eGlance facilities proves such a timesaver in the course of everyday practice.  If you're a family lawyer, acquiring this resource is something you should seriously consider.  The rules are cited as the Family Procedure Rules now in force as of 6th April 2011.have ready access to the latest resources, (even when you may not be able to connect to the Internet.)     The programme provides amendments and additions to the Rules and practice directions, together with the latest edition of the commentary, plus an impressive array of other benefits, including tools, calculators and report-printing features.    Family law cases concerning money -- as most of them do -- can be fraught enterprises;  all the more reason why Financial Remedies, with its accompanying @eGlance facilities proves such a timesaver in the course of everyday practice.  If you're a family lawyer, acquiring this resource is something you should seriously consider.  The rules are cited as the Family Procedure Rules now in force as of 6th April 2011.
B002ZG997C|3.0|Well, there's not much new or thought provoking offered in 'The Book of Eli' that helps this film standout in the much overdone post-apocalyptic film genre. You know the scenario, the vast majority of mankind has been wiped-out almost overnight, now only small pockets of communities remain, each location having little to know knowledge as to where the others might be. Law and order have become a thing of the past, now control belongs in the hands of the strongest and of course the most evil of the survivors.<br /><br />In this \\"only the strong survive\\" world comes the man in dark sunglasses, Denzel Washington who possesses a book more valuable than gold. When evil guy Gary Oldman learns of the book he sends his minions after it and the battle begins.<br /><br />Again, nothing new here, a little 'Mad Max' and 'Waterworld' along with an added secret ala 'The Sixth Sense' that serves as an interesting twist at the end but not enough to make you want to watch the movie again and look for the clues you missed the first time through. However if you're a Denzel or Oldman fan it's worth at least one viewing.
0670022411|1.0|I bought this book right after hearing a good review of it on NPR.  A book they seemed to be highly recommendimg involving history, romance and the supernatural sounded pretty intriguing.  I have never given a review on Amazon before, but I have to say that now that  I have painfully finished it I am  sufficiently motivated to say that this book is one of the worst things I've read.  The characters are not well developed, or maybe they are and they are just all superficial and uninteresting.  The main character is dull and annoying,  pretty much letting her vampire boyfriend tell her what to do while she say's things like I can't believe I'm sitting with a vampire, (gush, gush, blah, blah).  If you can force yourself to finish the book your reward is that you discover  the book has no ending.  It's only a deliberately written set - up for a sequel. This screams \\"foul\\" but by the time I finished it I didn't care what happened to these people (ahem creatures) anymore.  By then I felt like I was in the same stupor as the main character.  I did have a moment of wishing I could time travel just like her -  I would take this book and two other objects with me from  the day I started reading it and toss it in the trash instead.
0345529057|1.0|I'd read the Song of Ice and Fire series several years ago, and after watching the series on HBO my interest was rekindled. I ordered this box set so that I could read it again. I'm halfway through the first book, and pages are already falling out of the binding. Now, before you attribute this to mishandling, I assure you that I treat my books with the utmost care. I have a personal library of over 700 science fiction and fantasy volumes, dating back to the 1960s and 70s with a few even older -- never have I seen a book so awfully bound that it started falling apart before I was even halfway through the first read.
B0024FAR5W|5.0|A must see! You'll be hook the first episode! Very epic season. Can't wait for season three to come out
1594744769|3.0|I am a fan of YA fantasy books, so I was really looking forward to this book; while it started out really well with an action packed start... and then it started to fizzle. I enjoyed the character of Jacob, he was likeable and funny. A really interesting storyline is opened up, but it meanders all over the place until it trickles down to a non-ending; this is obviously the start of a series but everything was left completely up in the air and that was very disappointing.<br /><br />It's hard to summarize the plot; it is a time travel story revolving around a home for children with rather unusual talents. Jacob's grandfather once lived there and after he dies in a terrible accident Jacob wants to go to the school to understand more about his grandfather and his death.<br /><br />Characterizations were pretty thin throughout the book. Jacob and his friend Emma are pretty well defined, the rest of the `peculiar' children were just one dimensional, defined by their special gifts. The character of Jacob's dad was laughable and the time travel aspect of the story was virtually unfathomable.<br /><br />The most interesting aspect of the book was the inclusion of the photos that seem to have inspired the story; according to the notes at the end they are all actual photos - but they do appear to have been manipulated in some way; half way through the book the inclusion of the photos starting feeling like a gimmick.<br /><br />So a unique and interesting concept that falters in the middle and then builds up to a \\"What the heck?\\" ending.
0061733199|4.0|Great read for anyone who camps, hikes, etc... Written by what appears to be an expert in the field (former SAS soldier). Has everything you can think of for survival just about anywhere in the world. From catching game to what plants are edible... On the other hand, although the pages are durable (thick, synthetic type text book like), the binding fell apart after one week. Maybe it had to do with humidity? The glue just stopped holding and the pages separated from the spine.
0307595862|4.0|This book and author is getting a lot of hype as the successor to Stieg Larsson. I don't actually agree with that assessment but it is still worthy of a read if you like twisted mystery stories.<br /><br />The book opens on a cold night in Norway; the night of the first snow.  A child is in a car waiting for his mother to return from the house she walked into a few minutes earlier and that is when the terror begins.<br /><br />This is not a book for the squeamish, serial killer tales rarely are. What sets this book apart is the writing and the main character, the deeply flawed Detective Harry Hole. An alcoholic trying to stay sober Harry is the expert in serial killers is Norway, a country not known for this type of crime. Substituting an addiction to work for his other addiction Harry is drawn to the case and he is quite good at putting puzzle pieces together. There are plenty of twists and turns, more than a few red herrings and more than one surprise. Still Harry soldiers on and the book becomes impossible to put down as you wait for Harry to find out who The Snowman really is.<br /><br />I enjoyed this thriller in particular because I liked Harry; he is a complex character, as are most of the main characters in the book. There is a lot of attention to detail and the plot rings true throughout. The setting of Norway adds a lot of atmosphere to the story and there are parts that are read with the lights on worthy. This is crime fiction at its best and I will now be reading through Nesbo's earlier books.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Awesome ingenious gameplay, fast load times on Nook Color, and smooth graphics. Everything looks crisp and clean on the 7in screen.
B0034G4P8K|4.0|My blurb.<br />I loved the entertainment this provided. Great CG effects. Great sound. Great 3D.<br />I didn't really watch the movie for the whole storyline as much as I did for effects which is probably a good thing.<br />Acting was okay and Megan Fox's replacement did a fine job but wasn't really something to gloat about.<br />Again, as happened in a previous Transformers movie, and at the beginning of this movie, the director wants us to believe there are sky scrapers in DC. This<br />is a glaring error that is hard to look over. Otherwise awesome entertainment!
B003PIUBZS|5.0|I like everything about it, the sex was a lot but after the second or third time I just watched over it.  I love the characters, the scenery, and the subject matter, I watch it almost everyday, the actors did a great performance.
B0050LJIRK|4.0|If you a looking for a hard rock/rap album to bop your head to, then this is it. I think this is one of their best albums and I don't think you will be disappointed in it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 out of 5 was even though all the songs were great, none of the songs had that \\"wow\\" factor for me. This could be just me and maybe my taste in music has changed since Three Dollar Bill.  I know there will be some people the will criticize the album for lyrics and what not. But compared to the autotuned overproduced garbage that is out now it is a masterpiece.  The fact is Limp Bizkit is being true to who they are and what the make. Love it or hate it.
0345529057|5.0|A four-book paperback set available cheap for those who don't want to wait in line at the library. This is a VERY LONG read and makes considerable demands on the reader. There are about 1000 named characters, of whom a few dozen are central. Each chapter presents the perspective of one of the central characters. Thus the reader may struggle to recall where we are in a particular character's story when a new chapter recommences it.    Central characters range from pre-teens to matrons, and Martin handles female characters just as well as he does the males. There is an interesting range of temperaments and situations, although most of life as he sees it is pretty grim. One of his most interesting devices is to present a character peripherally, giving us a misleading idea of who that character is. Later we get the character's own perspective, which may considerably alter our perception. He also brings immiscible characters together and makes them learn how to get along. It is easy to become emotionally involved with several of Martin's protagonists.    The writing is colorful and gives a strong sense of place and time. Some of the set-pieces are epic, and he deploys an assortment of arresting devices, such as beginning a chapter with a sentence like, \\"The man on the roof was the first to die.\\" Another interesting dramatic device is to allow characters to remain ignorant of important events the reader knows of, realistically invoking the medieval barriers of time and distance, not to mention \\"fog of war\\".    In the \\"Sword and Sorcery\\" genre, this series leans to the former. As \\"Science Fiction\\" it favors the latter. It should not be lightly taken up, as it will be difficult to put down.
B0012FCIIE|5.0|After listening to this off and on and off and on for the past few years, I really think this is Wilco's best effort. This is coming from a true fan who owns all of their stuff and knows it all well. The combination of melodies, rhythms, rip-roaring Nels Cline in your face solos, and intelligent lyrics make this a gem. Impossible Germany STILL gives me goosebumps.
1451629184|5.0|I would be concerned about anyone who could read this book without difficulty. I had to pause frequently and just breathe to compose myself, and still feel sick to my stomach when I think of what she endured. It is a horrific story and yet beautifully written. Jaycee Lee Dugard is an extraordinary young woman and courageous in the extreme, not only because she survived her ordeal with compassion for herself as a victim and hope for the future, but because she tells her story in unflinching detail and with an unusual degree of introspection and analysis. It is astounding to learn that she does not hate her tormentors, that she does not want that type of negativity in her life (echoing the sentiments of many notable survivors of torture, extermination camps, extreme abuse, etc.) Amazing. What was done to her absolutely defies imagination - not only the sexual abuse and physical neglect but the extreme isolation, manipulation, and mind games. And she helps us clearly understand why she was unable to escape even after she was granted a degree of freedom. She is a hero and we all have something to learn from her story.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read in a long time.  I can't wait for this author to come out with another book.  Definite 5 star read.
B00511ONPG|5.0|Dave Kerpen has written a supremely helpful book on the overall spirit of Social Media Marketing.  Whether you are just starting a Facebook page for your business, or are a seasoned SMM pro, you will be able to glean many new ideas from within Likeable's pages.  I myself have more than six pages of notes and countless new ideas from this book so far, and I haven't finished it yet!  So I better wrap this up and continue reading....
B0050PYNOY|1.0|For once, the trailer for a new comedy didn't spoil the best bits.   Unfortunately, that's because there aren't any.    A textbook example of ye olde two-joke movie --   and beneath those two jokes,   there's precious little else to fall back on.     Basically, the script, from the title on down,   feels like something sketched out on rolling papers.    This film made no money and that's for a reason.  it cost $80 million to make it it only made $20 million.  it's a waste of time.      If you really must see this thing rent it. You have been warned.
B004DLPXAO|2.0|HELP!!! I have downloaded & uninstall this app five times.  I can not get it to work. By that I mean - on the screen are three books that I have already read.  I can access the archived items, but the download keeps getting interrupted.  Is there something on the phone itself that I need to change or setup?  Please help.  I can't live with out my Kindle. (PS we have two in the house already. I just thought this app would be good for on the go.)  Shari
B004Y1USV2|5.0|A musical EXTRAVAGANZA from YES!<br /><br />YES has come up with another gem. This record sounds current and fresh considering its retro 80's roots. The mix of talent here goes back to the 'Drama' Album, circa 1980 incarnation of Yes, with Power Pop producer Trevor Horn at the helm as producer/backing Vocals, Geoff Downes (Buggles and Asia)-keyboards, founder Chris Squire-Bass, Steve Howe-Guitars, Alan White-Drums and Benoit David on Lead vocals. I didn't discover 'Drama' with Trevor Horn on Lead vocals until YES  performed 2 songs from 'Drama'at a Concert in Boca Raton, FL in February of 2010. After hearing 'Machine Messiah' and 'Tempus Fugit' I had to go out and buy the CD. It was kind of like having a new YES album 30 years after it was made. So, I think of 'Fly From Here'as being a sequel to 'Drama'. The music of YES is timeless. Trevor Horn has produced some good YES albums in the 80's such as '90125','Big Generator' and 'Drama' of course. The whole 'Fly From Here' album has a real nice feel and flows smoothly. I am very thankful Yes has graced us with such fine new music. 'Fly From Here' will grow on you as it is growing on me. 'Into the Storm'is my favorite track so far. YES, was what it was and today it is what it is.  A band that continues to evolve which is much better than having no YES at all.<br /><br />After many listens, I love the whole Album, I believe 'Fly From Here' is the total package and is a Masterpiece for the 21st century. 'Fly From Here' now ranks second to my all time favorite 'The YES Album'. So, move yourself and get a copy today...you will be glad you did.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|This grumpy old man is a 38-year veteran fan of Yes, in other words, difficult to please. I had my doubts when I first heard the sound clips and would have given it only 2-3 stars, which is not fair. Well, after running all over creation this morning on the day of it's release, I finally found a copy that I did not have to order, because getting a copy before the concert only three days away was my goal.<br /><br />I won't bore you with the details. It is way better than the average drek being released these days by other groups, and way better than Open Your Eyes or 90125. Will it stand the test of time and become a five-star classic like Close To The Edge or Relayer? Too soon to tell. Is it progressive? In it's own way, yes. Is it pop? Got that covered without being overtly commercial. Is Steve Howe's guitar and all of the vocal harmonies prominent? You bet. Enough for now. Just get it!<br /><br />Update: I finally got to watch the DVD, which is an interesting look at Trevor and the band in the studio discussing the making of this CD over a two-month period. Basically, they just trusted Trevor and it worked out great. Then I went looking for the live footage and could not find any. My copy does not specifically state this, so buyer beware. Since I had to have this in a hurry, I wound up spending an extra 8 bucks at my local retailer for something I will probably only watch once. For only 2 bucks more on Amazon, that's more like it and worth the chance. The lyric booklet is also included here, which I am not sure it is provided with the basic CD only. And yes, my 4-star rating still stands. What do the naysayers want? Something called \\"Close To My HEDGE -- FUND\\" (I could not resist adding something like SHARP -- DISTANCE to a variation of that old classic title)
B003YL4LYI|5.0|\\"A Dance with Dragons\\" is the 5th book in the \\"A Song of Ice and Fire\\" series by George R. R. Martin. The hardcover is 1040 pages in length while the Kindle e-edition is a 2119 Kb download.<br /><br />SPOILERS<br /><br />Within the first few chapters you'll be reacquainted with Jon Snow, Tyrion, Daenerys and Bran. Four important players that were absent or scarcely mentioned in \\"A Feast of Crows\\".<br /><br />The location of these four individuals is as follows...<br /><br />1.) Jon Snow's story is at The Wall...probably my favorite tale.<br />2.) Tyrion's...travels through the Free Cities area...slow to get going but improved with time.<br />3.) Daenerys...at Meereen on the Slaver's Bay...a very slow tale to develop (to the point of thinking about skimming some of it).<br />4.) Bran...an interesting trek north of The Wall, with a less prominent role than the other three...one gets the feeling that there are important things in store for Bran in subsequent books.<br /><br />There were also several other individuals whose tales were very interesting, in particular Davos, (acting as the 'hand' for King Stannis Baratheon at the Isles of The Three Sisters and at White Harbour) and Theon (Lord Ramsey's prisoner).<br /><br />END SPOILERS<br /><br />In addition to this fine story, some other things I liked about the physical book itself...<br /><br />1.) three maps: Beyond the Wall, The Free Cities and Valyria. These maps seem to have greater detail, giving information on names, places, distances and direction. [but see Cons: 1.a) below]<br /><br />2.) an appendix in the back with an extensive Dramatis Personae...listing all the Houses (as well as lesser groupings), the characters within, their relationship to each other and sometimes, their present location.<br /><br />Concerns:<br />Regarding the maps...<br />1a.) in the Kindle format the maps are almost illegible. And unfortunately they become more indistinct as you expand them. This of course in not a flaw of the book but rather the limitation imposed by the Kindle rendering process.<br /><br />1b.) the three maps are hard to relate to each other. You have a vague sense of the geographic layout, but because there is no overall master map of the entire area, it is somewhat difficult to get a feel for the 'lay of the land' as to how the three maps provided are positioned geographically in relation to one another.<br /><br />2.) Daenerys tale...slow to develop and repetitive to the point of being annoying.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br />With the return of the major characters of the previous books, my interest in this wonderful series has been rekindled.<br /><br />A definite improvement over \\"A Feast of Crows\\", not only because the more important characters have reappeared, but the intrigue and tension so familiar with the first three books (with the exception of Daenerys story), has returned as well.<br /><br />Overall, despite the minor concerns mentioned above, I loved it...after a hiatus of many years it's been worth the wait. And not unexpectedly, Book 5 ends with many situations and developments hanging in the balance.  4 1/2 Stars.<br /><br />Ray Nicholsonut rather the limitation imposed by the Kindle rendering process.<br /><br />1b.) the three maps are hard to relate to each other. You have a vague sense of the geographic layout, but because there is no overall master map of the entire area, it is somewhat difficult to get a feel for the 'lay of the land' as to how the three maps provided are positioned geographically in relation to one another.<br /><br />2.) Daenerys tale...slow to develop and repetitive to the point of being annoying.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br />With the return of the major characters of the previous books, my interest in this wonderful series has been rekindled.<br /><br />A definite improvement over \\"A Feast of Crows\\", not only because the more important characters have reappeared, but the intrigue and tension so familiar with the first three books (with the exception of Daenerys story), has returned as well.<br /><br />Overall, despite the minor concerns mentioned above, I loved it...after a hiatus of many years it's been worth the wait. And not unexpectedly, Book 5 ends with many situations and developments hanging in the balance.  4 1/2 Stars.<br /><br />Ray Nicholson
B004WKOCP8|4.0|Well, this is somewhat of a pleasant surprise. In all honesty, I knew better then to expect the old school Incubus sound which so many fans have been missing, but this album is pretty interesting regardless. That being said this album is very, very different then what people are typically used to hearing from the band, but for me, I don't really care what direction a band goes in, just as long as the quality remains and this album feels genuine and inspired.       I honestly really like it. Its a more somber and subdued sound, much more laid back. Not quite as aggressive, but still very passionate and melodic. The songs all blend together well and there is a consistent sound from beginning to end, and very pleasingly, there doesn't seem to be any filler.       In the end, this is a pretty decent album which I think may end up dividing fans. Some people might be going in expecting SCIENCE or Make Yourself and they may be disappointed, but for me personally I really haven't enjoyed an Incubus album this much since Morning View so its nice to have such a solid album. So if you are open to something different, its definitely worth checking out.
B005869U6G|4.0|I can see how many people may be disappointed with this album. It definitely sounds different than any of their previous work and people who still cling to the Incubus from Morning View, Make Yourself, and previous albums will probably not be that happy with this. The thing is that you have to understand that band progress and evolve just like the individual members. Dirk hasn't been their bassist since Morning View and although Kenney is a talented musician, his sound and style is different. You shouldnt expect the sound to have remained the same which is definitely evident in their previous 2 albums and now this one.     This album is very mellow compared to previous albums. I remember my teenage years and listening to S.C.I.E.N.C.E. connecting with intensity of the instrumental and combined vocals. But now I find myself at a different stage of my life and listening to this album still allows me to connect to the music in a way I wouldn't be able to if it still had the same intensity as previous albums.     In all honesty, I was not a huge fan of this album when I first listened to it a month or so ago, but nevertheless it ended up on my iPod. After several long NYC subway commutes it really grew on me, especially the melodic tranquility. Not every song is a winner but they are all unique just like the band that made them. You just have to keep in mind that just like people, bands can change and move in different directions too. Although I would have enjoyed this album much more a year ago, I still enjoy Incubus.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Very interesting true story about a young girl age eleven, who is abducted, raped repeatedly, and forced to live in her abductors' shed in their back yard. It shows how over time a young person can learn to adapt to new surroundings and feel \\"at home\\" with their captors. There are numerous cases of young children who after years of brainwashing do not run away from their captors when given an opportunity. This book helps us to understand why.....  And hopefully educates us to not ask stupid questions like \\"why didn't you save yourself?\\"  After a decade one is more afraid of the outside world and what they have been told about it than they are of the life that they have come to be accustomed to. Jaycee is one strong woman and definitely a role model for all of us. No matter what problems we are facing, we can get through them if this young girl could survive the trauma and pure hell that she went through. She gave birth to that monster's child at age thirteen with no medical attention!!!!  Amazing. And what is even more amazing is that her abductor had 64 visits by parole officers because of his history as a sex offender and NONE of them checked the back yard. Even when a neighbor called 911 to report children living in the backyard!!!!  HE told the sheriff that the children were his visiting niece and nephew and the idiot believed a convicted sex offender and didn't even look in the back yard. What a bumbling idiot. Poor child could have been saved so many times but our justice system failed her miserably. It is such a miracle that is happy and seems to be adjusting well now.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|OK, just listened to 'Fly From Here' for the first time, so here are the first impressions. This album sounds like what the followup to 'Drama' should have sounded like. Overall, it's a good album and is very listenable. It is much more like 'Drama' or even a Buggles album, and this is not necessarily a bad thing. Alan White and Chris Squire give the music a solid foundation as always, but Squire is kind of subdued on this album. Geoff Downes' keyboards are very good, if a bit reminiscent of the 1980's. Benit David is not Jon Anderson, get over it (and I say this as a huge Anderson fan). David's performance is also very good, actually sounding more like Trevor Horn than Jon Anderson. Finally, Steve Howe. Mr. Howe takes names and kicks butt on this album. His guitar work shines on this album!    Bottom line: This is going to be another divisive Yes album, like 'Drama' and 'Tales'. People will either love it or hate it. If you are a fan of 'Drama', you will probably like this album.
B0034G4P8K|5.0|I LOVED IT!  It was about 2  hours long and was LOADED with action and CGI, and seeing this one in 3D added to the dimensionality of the movie.  The movie begins with a recap and then about 5-10 minutes historical clips of Kennedy, Nixon, and Cronkite from the NASA Moon Program. Pretty cool, I thought.  It seems as though there was other activity on the moon, before we got there.  Sentinel Prime and ship crashed there long ago, a mere 250 million miles from earth. Sentinel Prime was the \\"guy\\" who taught Optimus Prime.<br /><br />Back on earth, our hero (Shia Labeof) is living with a gorgeous girl.  He got a really nice medal for saving the world but is currently unemployed.  The Autobots have formed an alliance with the government and are helping our allies with peacekeeping efforts, the whole time keeping their bot-eyes out for the Decepticons.<br /><br />Finally!--I have seen a movie where 3D mattered.  (In their rush to make 3D movies lately, most of them seem as though the 3D just didn't add much.)  I also thought the vulture robot was awesome.  The little bad-mouthed jive robots are also awesome and get to play some contribute-to-save-the-world parts.  The battles are awesome with tons of action.  The combination of the stunts plus the CGI is just incredible (e.g. people sliding down outside a tall glass building while it is toppling over.)  There is intermittent humor and some appropriately placed music.  The parents return for a few brief comments here and there and to provide advice to our hero on love.  Patrick Dempsey plays a rich dude and John Malkovich plays a weird boss.  I will definitely watch this again.<br /><br />And the highway chase. . . well, it's optimum-prime, Dude!
B00000JBFW|5.0|Great songs, great playing. I could listen to Blackmore play all day and Ian Paice is my favorite rock drummer. One of the best albums from the Mach II lineup.
0670022411|1.0|I am plodding through this abysmal clunker with about 60 pages to go. Since I have learned from these reviews that nothing is resolved at the end, I can end my suffering and return it to the library. Diana is the most vapid, fawning character in literary history. Matthew's incessant purring and growling is laughable. I can see the inevitable movie as a great bodice ripper, gothic spoof. Other than that, nothing to see here, folks. Move along.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Wow.  I just read Jaycee's account of her captive life from cover to cover.  Or should I say, JAYCEE.      I watched an interview with her the night before the release of her book, and was captivated by this beautiful, calm, and unexpectedly wise woman.  I knew I wanted to read her story, even though I must admit the interview alone woke me up with nightmares.  I just needed to know how someone so genuine and humane could emerge from such an experience.    Jaycee does a beautiful job of telling her unbelievable story without self-pity, which it makes it all the more heart-wrenching.  It's hard to read the more gruesome aspects of the book; her pedophile captor is as sick as you would imagine.  I will forever be haunted by the image of a 11 year old girl locked naked in a shed in California during the summer, handcuffed for weeks (or months?), left to the stifling heat without food and water unless her predator brings it to her.  Towels covering the window; alone in the dark with nothing but ants and spiders and an occasional appearance by the child predator, who I don't even want to name (after all, he wouldn't use Jaycee's name so I won't repeat his.)     As the story and Jaycee's existence evolves, Jaycee's true spirit and humanity emerges.  Her connection and love for animals is striking yet sad, as they provided her with the companionship and love so lacking in her world.  Her desire to be \\"liked\\" and accepted by her female captor (also unworthy of a name) was fascinating and yet understandable.  In a way, reading the book, you fall victim to the same emotions... wanting She-who-shall-not-be-named to accept and love Jaycee.  It was very interesting to hear Jaycee describe her struggle with the baby weight, trying to make better food choices and \\"exercise\\" even inside of captivity.  I guess societal pressures are truly pervasive if they could penetrate concealed backyards and soundproof sheds.    Jaycee's pregnancy, and then her second pregnancy seem so awful andunjust from the outside.  However, her beautiful daughters would never have been in existence if it weren't for her terrible tragedy, and I think that they provided Jaycee with a reason for her experiences; an explanation and worthy cause for the evil in her life.     It's hard to understand how Jaycee didn't run; didn't take her daughters and flee, didn't scream at the parole officers or climb the fence to the neighbors.  However, I think the reader has to remember Jaycee was taken at the tender age of 11, before she had any real experience of control over her world.  She did not have the opportunity to make any real choices in her life. And the real invisible shackles were her two daughters; Jaycee didn't know how they would survive on the outside.    So would I recommend this book?  Absolutely.  And I hope Jaycee sells a hundred million copies and can live the rest of her life by the sea with all the pets she can possibly tolerate.  And I hope her captors rot in hell.
B000WZB944|4.0|Classic u2 album. The remastered Tracks on disc one are great. The original cd, as wit most early cds, was sonically weak. The tracks are louder but not overcompressed like most cds made today. Mixes sound similar to the older ones.  The book is great. Disc two is great. The almost album track sweetestest thing version is different than the single version released with the best of. A few more demos or studio outtakes would be better than the alternate mixes IMO but still a must have for u2 fans.
0545123291|5.0|I am so pleased with this book. It is in excellent shape and it is also a very good read. I do think that Maggie's first book \\"Shiver\\" is better than this one. I can't wait to read Forever though, it's gonna be good! :]
B000ELJBAK|5.0|First solo effort from the guitar wizard David Gilmour, released in the Pink Floyd days. Simply wonderful, from the first to the last track.
0553801473|5.0|It's enjoyable now that all the Northern characters are back. This book is truly meant to be read in tandem with Feast. I'd suggest read 3-4 chapters of Feast for every 2 chapters of Dance. Eventually when you finish Feast you should be approximately halfway through Dance. It's unfortunate that GRRM had to separate the book in this matter, I'd much rather he take the time to finish the entire story, and release them as Feast: Vol. 1 and Vol.2<br /><br />If you absolutely hated Feast, you will not like this book. If you found Feast particularly a bit annoying, but still well written, you will enjoy this book. It's much better than Feast but the plotline moves slowly. I'm assuming this is because of the infamous five-year gap. Hopefully GRRM doesn't take eleven years to finish the final two books.
B003XUKVXK|5.0|Kenny Wayne Shepherd was first introduced to me by Bryan Lee, on those wonderful CD's recorded at The Old Absinthe Hall in New Orleans. This year (2011) he is headlining the concerts to be played on Sunday (or Saturday) at the Crescent City Blues & BBQ Festival, also in New Orleans. I bought this title on 2010 and since then I listen to it two times a month at least! If you like the heavier guitar style of the blues, then it is a must buy for you. Just to update my review, I've attended the Crescent City Blues & BBQ Festival this year and KWS was the headliner on the Saturday Night show. What was supposed to be a 75-minute show, turned out as a sensational live (and free!!!) 2 hours and 10 minutes concert. A very special guest (Bryan Lee played guitar and sang on two songs) and top musicians in the band: Chris Layton, (from Stevie Ray Vaughan's Double Trouble) on drums and Tony Franklin (The \\"Fretless Monster\\") on bass. Let's not forget Noah Hunt (a great vocalist) and Riley Osbourn on keyboards. Hopefully a DVD will be released soon, showcasing this incredible band.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|Although sad, I like this movie. Lesson for all - take a risk. When you want something, go for it before it's too late!
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Great game, love it, it's addicting, but it reset my progress 3 times already. My profile is still there but I have to start from scratch.
B003Y5H542|3.0|Remember when Gore Verbbinsky and Johnny Depp first got together and made Pirates of the Caribbean?  The first movie was so good, the second movie seemed like they started filming without finishing the script, and by the third film, it seemed like the camera was just rolling and nobody bothered at all.  Rango feels like the two of them were talking and said, \\"you know what we should do?  An animated film!\\"  and the other one said, \\"Yeah, let's make it a western. that will be cool.\\"  But then, they never really got any further than that story wise.    To be fair, it's a bit more story than Pirates three, but not one that needed to be told.  There is a really odd scene where the entire town becomes zombie-like and starts a creepy line dance and no explanation is given as to why they acted that way.  Just more in-cohesiveness.    On the other hand, the animation is by none other than ILM and it's the best I've seen from anyone.  So, see it if you really like animation or if you really, really like Johnny Depp.  So it's not awful, but it's just not compelling either.
1439163146|3.0|This book is boring. It states the obvious. Every sentence is short. This book is blue. It has letters in it. It is written by James Franco.    Do you like writing like that? Well, great! Then you will love this book.  I guess the book isn't the worst I've read, but I just get bored and almost nauseous over the rhythm of the sentences.  It is so insanely repetitive that I had to take a lot of breaks while reading it.      I also hated how Franco wrote from the perspective of children.  I feel like it is a total cop out because he could write as juvenile as he wanted and it would be pulled off because the stories are in first person.  Franco, just because you say \\"dweeb\\" and name random television shows that teens liked in the 90s doesn't make this seem remotely legitimate.
B004QM8HV2|4.0|This is a delightful recording of one of Massenet's biggest hits. It owes its quality to the exceptional tenderness of Frederica Von Stade's portrayal of Cendrillon and the slickness of ensemble; it has the right combination of pathos and sparkling insouciance needed to bring off this operatic pantomime. At the helm, the experienced Julius Rudel treats the score with affection and respect, securing lovely playing from the Philharmonia; there is pace and drive when needed but he relaxes into Cendrillon's sad, solo arias to elicit maximum sweetness from the music.<br /><br />Von Stade is vocally in finest estate: her pianissimi are exquisite, top notes are floated - she even touches on a high D - and she brings her special gift of plangency to bear upon a role made for her voice. The bug in the butter is Gedda's Prince Charming; he's not exactly a disaster but already by this stage of his career, when he was 53, his tenor is bleaty and unsteady and has lost tonal centre in the middle of the voice; one can only imagine what a younger-voiced singer might have done to make the prince more seductive. Still their duet at the ball with its haunting refrain and at the ecstatic conclusion of Act 3 go very nicely and some may tolerate him better than do I; I have never been much of a fan of his sound. Ruth Welting, Von Stade's regular recital partner, is absolutely enchanting as the Fairy Godmother, despatching her exacting coloratura with ease. The fairy scenes are charming, with the chorus set well back to create a suitably ethereal ambience.<br /><br />It is a pity that when Sony issues classic performances such as this in bargain sets the inevitable casualty is libretto, as with so much quickfire exchange in French between the henpecked Pandolfe and his gruesome family you really need to be able to follow the dialogue, especially as we have old hands like Jules Bastin and Jane Berbi&eacute; making the most of his reaction to the invective launched at him. The touch of acid in her voice and the invariably plaintive note in his accentuate the comedy, rendering him more sympathetic and her even more hateful than usual, so that we welcome the moment when the worm turns and he turns them out shrieking.<br /><br />So, the slight reservation concerning Gedda's contribution notwithstanding, this is an entirely successful recording unlikely to be surpassed.<br /><br />PS: following the pertinent comment by a fellow reviewer below, I am happy to add that the original Prince was a soprano-Falcon in a breeches role. It is especially regrettable that it is not thus performed in this recording as Gedda is its weakness.r voice and the invariably plaintive note in his accentuate the comedy, rendering him more sympathetic and her even more hateful than usual, so that we welcome the moment when the worm turns and he turns them out shrieking.<br /><br />So, the slight reservation concerning Gedda's contribution notwithstanding, this is an entirely successful recording unlikely to be surpassed.<br /><br />PS: following the pertinent comment by a fellow reviewer below, I am happy to add that the original Prince was a soprano-Falcon in a breeches role. It is especially regrettable that it is not thus performed in this recording as Gedda is its weakness.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I have read all three in the series and this is my favorite.  I could not put it down. It was an easy yet engaging read. All three are excellent books, leaving you wondering what will happen next, but I am partial to the first in the series. Highly recommended!!
B0058P7KUA|5.0|Wow so awesome!  Only problem is my finger tips get sweaty and stick to my screen.  Game is really cool though. Works perfect on HTC Inspire.
B004DMIIOG|3.0|If it weren't Hosoda's movie, I might have rated the movie a bit higher.   Also, I gave the rating 3 stars, despite my significant dislike of the movie. I tried to be fair considering the quality of picture and the gimmicks like those in Evangelion.    I personally prefer Hosoda's previous movie [[ASIN:B004LIYF62 The Girl Who Leapt Through Time [Blu-ray]]] much much much more to this piece.   Hosoda has said in a number of occasions that he has learned through his career that entertaining the audience and making what he wants to make are two distinct matters. I think he went too far in the spectrum of the former in this particular piece -- Summer Wars. I can SMELL his CONSCIOUS strategy of entertainment too much, which just turns me off seriously. Of course, as a professional, an author does have to set up a stage consciously to design a fiction. Nevertheless, I feel that a highest quality movie or novel should contain the author's genuine passion. I simply cannot feel that in this piece.     It is like a handsome man picking up a girl without much love just for one night stand, and indeed I do have to agree that Hosoda is handsome in his talent. However, I prefer falling in love with an anime, and there are many pieces to which the director and all the staff members devote whole their love.     As a concrete example, the main characters are almost all way too talented, IN A SINGLE FAMILY. My heart was much more moved by the heroin of \\"The Girl ...\\" movie, Makoto, who was just a pleasant ordinary girl.     I should note that this movie made a gigantic business success in Japan -- you can smell a sophisticated (?) strategy in this direction as well. They have released the \\"limited edition\\" of Blu-ray roughly over $120 with some special attachments like a bit of cell movie film (Japanese love special features!).  I simply wish that such business success applied more to other animes, which are in general too far from firm income base, unlike Hollywood.
B004NSULHM|5.0|This album, like all albums that have been born from the collective radiohead mind, asks that you either commit to a serious listen or a passing scoff. If you are truly willing to take the ride that is this album you will find for yourself, as I have, that this is certainly a worthy record and possibly one of their best to date-which is saying something considering this band is one of the greatest of our era. Critics seem to have listened to this album once or twice and then tried to pass their \\"well trained\\" judgement in time for their opinion to be posted first, when in fact this album demands you spend the time to look behind every wall and feel out all the dark textured corners. This album cannot be seen or felt if you arent interested in spending the time to find it. Those who throw it on and expect some immediate beat to hit, and shallow lust to rush over you then you have picked the wrong artist and should stick with what pleases you. However, if you are still interested in the \\"album\\" as medium for art, and if you are willing to give it an honest chance to speak, then you will find it has a subtle hidden allure that most artists, and many fans find hard to grasp in todays \\"dowloaded single\\" world.     Yes, this is a low key radiohead which has receded back to a more minimal and less accessible sound. It is a stunning contrast to the dazzling outburst that was \\"In Rainbows\\". It shifts and it turns. It moves in ways you may not expect. However to say this album is predictable is to admit that you just havent been listening, or you just dont understand. This takes from newer acts such as dub step favorites burial, and older friends like four tet, creating a unmistakably unique core while allowing rythmic off center beats to circle around and pulse while haunting, sprawling melodies swirl and yawn. Yorke's voice and lyrics are cryptic and allusive for most of the record, while comforting and clearing when need be. This album draws you in without you realizing itand while slowly passing by, almost unnoticed, it combines almost flawlessly the best of minimialist electronic in one hand and the honesty and and complexity of strong song writing and experienced technical ability in the other. Radiohead continues their tradition of creating music which lies on the border between underground wankery, pop mainstream, and honest to god hard work and talent. While this album can at times be very detatched and almost unfriendly in its approach, it does so with the intent of keeping its distance just enough to keep you guessing and coming back for more.     I have no doubt that this album, like many albums from this outfit, will crawl into the souls of its listeners and months or years from now you will hear from people what an amazing and soothing album this truly is. The best friend who is willing to tell you the hard truth, even when it hurts. This album will eventually be realized and looked back on as underrated in its day. Built with so much care. Drawn together with so many layers. And passed over because it just didnt strike the right chord the first time. Perhaps all the critics that let this album slip by as a lesser outing were just too busy talking to really listen. Perhaps they were just waiting for that special something they invisioned would happen, instead of really letting this beauty unfold and as it was written and given. Not as the bombshell your waiting to walk in the door and blow you away---but as the quiet friend that is always by your side that you have always overlooked, until suddenly you see.    All I can ask of those of you who would honestly want an experience with this album is to forget what you know about radiohead, and forget what you expect from them as an artist. Lay down in a quiet, dark room at night--or drive the streets slowly after everyone has gone to bed, and let this album wash over you again and again on its own terms. For me it stands out, not as the complex, intensive answer that took hours to solve, but the simple truth that you could never see until you pulled back and realized the whole picture.
0307455378|5.0|This riveting story of a writer explores the world of fantasy, dreams and illusions. Carlos Ruiz Zafn's, El Juego de ngel is a powerful story.
B004WKOCP8|4.0|For all the fans that are lashing out at the lack of heavy music here, I can understand your concern. The heavier element of this band is a part of Incubus which is amazing and a part I agree they have not explored to my satisfaction. It is frustrating to see a band with so much obvious talent and vision move away from what you loved so much about them and what you could see them doing. I love a good guitar thrashing from mike just like anyone else and I can always use an upbeat incubus rocker which shows how useless most mainstream junk really is.     That said, I cannot honestly listen to this album and write it off because it is not what I wanted or expected. If this band were to produce only what everyone wanted, there would be no expression or art to the work. You cant very well ask an artist to create something they dont feel like making. Listening to this album reminds me that Incubus is one artist who is still willing to follow their interests and give us something honest and real. This album expores a whole different side of Incubus, one we have seen on occassion on the last few albums. This softer more personalized album gives us a taste of what Mike can do outside of the large chord world. It shows Brandon's voice and message very clearly, while maintaining a musicial interest with strong core structure to each song. This album is filled with melody and purpose and is built as a whole piece. I think it is unfair, to say the least, to judge this without the perspective of time. All Incubus albums need time to grow and build and there really is so many layers of material here that it will take time to really dig in and see what this album has to offer. Its lush soundscapes and open unashamed honesty may come across as simple and lazy but really I feel like you have to take it as it is and not as you would have it be. It stands on mature song writing and builds its appeal not by being showy or heavy, but instead by pulling melodies together into interwoven staggering tunes which emphasis the use of space and minimalism. Each member still contributes significantly to this release but not by push their skill but instead by pushing their emotional boundaries. Giving up a solo to keep the focus on the melody. Drumming tightly but calmly to maintain and accent the song. This album reminds me of classical music structure in that their are such large chord transitions without being obvious and flahy. The ideas presented in the lyrics are still thoughtful and ask the listener to think and consider their meaning. Ultimately this album reminds me that sometimes less really can be more.     Like most Incubus fans I am waiting for album on which Incubus decides to let loose and show the world what they can truely do as musicians. I long for the energy and experiment of SCIENCE or the smashing anger of Make Yourself. But until these guys decide to channel that demon, I am enjoying their turn at showing their softer side and penning some very interesting and well written ballads and melodies.
B0053F042G|5.0|I thought this movie was beautiful. Sci-fi at it's best. An original concept that was translated into an exciting and very emotional depiction of the seemingly impossible. The casting of  Jake Gyllenhaal is enough to make me consider watching a film, and my belief that he always delivers an outstanding performance was reinforced. I was really moved by this story.
B001P06GX4|4.0|Since this game arrived we have played it nightly! Far from a \\"little kid's game,\\" My husband and I are totally hooked to the point that a running score sheet has been set up to track our wins!  A great game for building strategic thinking, as the more you play, the more different ways you find to plot out your path to victory. love it!
159420229X|5.0|We got this book for the Kindle and sent it to several of our family's kindles. Our two oldest kids (14 and 13) devoured it and I really enjoyed it as well.<br /><br />On Saturday evening, my wife and I and five kids sat around the living room and took turns making a list of words to memorize -- 21 words in all. We then made mental a trip from our driveway though our house, placing the words at various points with vivid images that we enjoyed creating together.<br /><br />About an hour from when we started, all of us could say the list perfectly in order, including our 6-year-old, and the older ones then said it backwards as well with no problems. I'm sure we could have done 30 or 40 words, maybe more. The next day all still remembered the list.<br /><br />It was a fun family time, and this is a fun book. We've since ordered a couple more books on the same topic and are eagerly awaiting their arrival.
B004Y1USJE|5.0|When I heard Yes was coming out with a new album I was excited and couldn't wait to get it. They are, in my opinion, one of the most influential rock bands of all time. But then I heard Jon Anderson, their vocalist for much of their career, would not be singing, and I was disappointed... Almost reluctant to listen. Though I was very skeptical at first, I'm so glad that I gave it shot. The band, consisting of Benoit David on vocals, along with Chris Squire (bass), Steve Howe (guitar), Alan White (drums) and Geoff Downes (keyboards) sounds amazing. The production is crisp and fresh, and, most importantly, the songs are awesome. \\"Fly From Here\\" gets things going and is a 5 part, more then 20 minute long song that includes \\"Overture\\" as well as \\"Fly From Here\\" parts I - V. This isn't really something Yes has done before: It has a darker, more atmospheric feel then typical Yes songs. The main chorus is phenomenal, and Steve Howe's playing will blow your mind! He shows his true nature as a virtuoso as he alternates between an astral slide guitar, a straight ahead attack, and the perfect blend of melody, Spanish-influenced guitars, and scorching solos. As is typical of his style, his playing enhances each and every song, adding dramatic textures and harmonies that only he is capable of. The result is a fresh sounding masterpiece that even long time, diehard fans of the band will love.  \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a Squire-penned ballad with more amazing guitars and bass. And while he'll never be Jon Anderson, Benoit David's vocals are spot on and he can really deliver! \\"Life on a Film Set\\" starts off slow and mellow but gains energy and intensity; I was sucked in and couldn't help playing it over and over to catch every nuance. \\"Into the Storm\\" closes out the CD with a bang. It has some cool analog synth guitars in which Howe shows off his wide repertoire of licks and features some of the best multi layered vocal harmonies I've heard in a long time. From startto finish this is an incredible album that leaves you wanting more. I would highly recommend it to anyone!
0061784788|4.0|At the outset of this review, I need to make a couple of things clear:<br /><br />1. I was asked by the PR dept. at Harper Collins if I would accept a free copy of this book and review it. I imagine they asked me (along with other Mormon writers/bloggers) to do this due to the book's subject matter including Mormons and Mormon history. I accepted, without any strings attached.<br /><br />2. There exists no agreement that I would necessarily review this book favorably. The review below is my honest appraisal of this book with zero input from Harper Collins.<br /><br />3. I believe that I am the target audience for this book. I am an adult male who loves espionage, thrillers, and history.<br /><br />4. I'm assuming that since I am obviously Mormon and Harper Collins asked me to do this review that they wanted me to add a Mormon perspective. What I say in this review is NOT an official position of my church, but it IS my very nit-picky take on how Mr. Rollins treats his subject matter.<br /><br />I shall start with my nit picking so that I can get it out of the way and review the book on its overall merit.<br /><br />Nits and Picks:<br /><br />1. Maggie Grantham is a BYU professor (not explicitly described as LDS). Hank Kanosh is a Mormon and BYU professor as well. He chews stogies, which is referred to in the book as a necessary concession, but there is a reference to a tryst between these two, with no judgement of such a thing. LDS doctrine considers an extra-marital sexual tryst as far more serious than chewing on a stogie. This would be of extreme significance to these two people in the context of their LDS culture. It would inform much of these people's lives and what they do. Also, both professors are expected to live by BYU's honor code; a sexual tryst is far, far outside that code.<br /><br />2. Referring to the Mormon church as the Church of Latter-Day Saints is a sign of an incomplete knowledge of the church, its doctrine and history. It's officially called the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, shortened to the LDS church, the Mormon church, or the Mormons.<br /><br />3. Joseph Smith is the name of the man who translated the golden plates, which translation became the Book of Mormon. Rollins gets this right early in the book, but inexplicably starts calling him John Smith about halfway through the book and never gets it right again.<br /><br />4. There is a point in the book wherein Kanosh (remember, a Mormon from birth) ostensibly seems to be meeting the prophet/president of the LDS church to give him something of great value. Kanosh does this in the Salt Lake City temple, apparently right outside the Holy of Holies. Not likely at all. And Kanosh kneels in front of the prophet. That's very not Mormon. People meet the LDS prophet all the time. We shake his hand and absolutely do NOT worship the man.<br /><br />And that, my friends, is it. Harmless little things. There are plenty of other interesting references to Mormon beliefs, particularly regarding the history of the peoples talked about in the Book of Mormon. But those are generally authorial fabrications made in order to tell the story.<br /><br />Now the review:<br /><br />James Rollins is very like a combination of Dan Brown, Matt Reilly, and Clive Cussler. I would say that he is all three of those authors on their best day. I liked The Devil Colony about 17,452 times more than anything I have read by Dan Brown, particularly since Rollins demonstrates zero addiction to melodramatic adverbs and this book was populated by real people who do things that exact a real price upon them.<br /><br />That's also why The Devil Colony is more effective than Clive Cussler's work, which I quite enjoy. Dirk Pitt, Cussler's usual hero, seems completely invincible and to always have the answers; there is never much doubt about the inevitable outcome of Pitt's adventures.<br /><br />Matt Reilly is another favorite thriller writer for me, and Rollins really compares wellto Reilly. The difference is that Reilly's action is so non-stop that you forget who's doing what sometimes. And there are a couple of eye rolls that come about with Reilly's work.<br /><br />I have to say I think The Devil Colony is the best modern thriller I have read in ages. This is because the characters really seem human. Kai is a particularly good character-- her inner dialogue is deftly done and she never seems like a throwaway character. But each person is flawed, and they each have relationships that motivate what they're doing.  They also all go through hell and pay a price for their narrow escapes and successes. I like it when a character uses ingenuity to fix the 'fix' that they're in.<br /><br />Another place that The Devil Colony shines is that it's a team effort. The Sigma Force is a group of folks who are all insanely intelligent and they work together. I like that they made solid use of modern technology to stay in touch and coordinate their efforts. The real-time sense of the pacing also lent a nice feeling of authenticity to the story. The characters are interesting and well developed, with plenty going on internally to lend tension to the conflicts around the characters.<br /><br />Rollins, like many other thriller writers, uses 3rd person omniscient, thus enabling him to allow the reader to follow the antagonist. This is effectively done in The Devil Colony, and again, it's far better than anything by Dan Brown. Browns' villains all feel like they're out of an old melodrama like Klondike Kalamity. Rafael Saint Germaine, the main antagonist of The Devil Colony, is an intriguing fellow whose secrets are murky but who seems like a real fellow. A bad fellow, mostly, but a real one.<br /><br />This is a big book. It comes in at 474 pages. But it was engaging enough and well paced to the point that I felt like it was a quick read. Even the prose is smooth and well-crafted. Rollins is clearly a master of this game.<br /><br />As a book-- a novel-length story-- I really don't have anything critical to say about The Devil Colony. It's very creative, manages cliffhangers very well, moves things along at a suitably breathless clip, makes you mostly care about the characters, and pulls some slick twists.<br /><br />I liked the book. As a dyed-in-the-wool, true-blue Mormon (a convert, yes, but nonetheless), I found nothing at which to take offense. Rollins takes a few liberties, but they're more or less innocuous. I'd like to chat with the fellow about some of his research, actually.<br /><br />I'd say, read the book. If you like thrillers, you'll love The Devil Colony. Vast in scope, daring in its implications, and rollicking in its action; it's a great read.<br /><br />4.5 out of 5 pens.re are a couple of eye rolls that come about with Reilly's work.    I have to say I think The Devil Colony is the best modern thriller I have read in ages. This is because the characters really seem human. Kai is a particularly good character-- her inner dialogue is deftly done and she never seems like a throwaway character. But each person is flawed, and they each have relationships that motivate what they're doing.  They also all go through hell and pay a price for their narrow escapes and successes. I like it when a character uses ingenuity to fix the 'fix' that they're in.    Another place that The Devil Colony shines is that it's a team effort. The Sigma Force is a group of folks who are all insanely intelligent and they work together. I like that they made solid use of modern technology to stay in touch and coordinate their efforts. The real-time sense of the pacing also lent a nice feeling of authenticity to the story. The characters are interesting and well developed, with plenty going on internally to lend tension to the conflicts around the characters.     Rollins, like many other thriller writers, uses 3rd person omniscient, thus enabling him to allow the reader to follow the antagonist. This is effectively done in The Devil Colony, and again, it's far better than anything by Dan Brown. Browns' villains all feel like they're out of an old melodrama like Klondike Kalamity. Rafael Saint Germaine, the main antagonist of The Devil Colony, is an intriguing fellow whose secrets are murky but who seems like a real fellow. A bad fellow, mostly, but a real one.     This is a big book. It comes in at 474 pages. But it was engaging enough and well paced to the point that I felt like it was a quick read. Even the prose is smooth and well-crafted. Rollins is clearly a master of this game.    As a book-- a novel-length story-- I really don't have anything critical to say about The Devil Colony. It's very creative, manages cliffhangers very well, moves things along at asuitably breathless clip, makes you mostly care about the characters, and pulls some slick twists.     I liked the book. As a dyed-in-the-wool, true-blue Mormon (a convert, yes, but nonetheless), I found nothing at which to take offense. Rollins takes a few liberties, but they're more or less innocuous. I'd like to chat with the fellow about some of his research, actually.    I'd say, read the book. If you like thrillers, you'll love The Devil Colony. Vast in scope, daring in its implications, and rollicking in its action; it's a great read.    4.5 out of 5 pens.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|When I heard Yes was coming out with a new album I was excited and couldn't wait to get it. They are, in my opinion, one of the most influential rock bands of all time. But then I heard Jon Anderson, their vocalist for much of their career, would not be singing, and I was disappointed... Almost reluctant to listen. Though I was very skeptical at first, I'm so glad that I gave it shot. The band, consisting of Benoit David on vocals, along with Chris Squire (bass), Steve Howe (guitar), Alan White (drums) and Geoff Downes (keyboards) sounds amazing. The production is crisp and fresh, and, most importantly, the songs are awesome. \\"Fly From Here\\" gets things going and is a 5 part, more then 20 minute long song that includes \\"Overture\\" as well as \\"Fly From Here\\" parts I - V. This isn't really something Yes has done before: It has a darker, more atmospheric feel then typical Yes songs. The main chorus is phenomenal, and Steve Howe's playing will blow your mind! He shows his true nature as a virtuoso as he alternates between an astral slide guitar, a straight ahead attack, and the perfect blend of melody, Spanish-influenced guitars, and scorching solos. As is typical of his style, his playing enhances each and every song, adding dramatic textures and harmonies that only he is capable of. The result is a fresh sounding masterpiece that even long time, diehard fans of the band will love. \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a Squire-penned ballad with more amazing guitars and bass. And while he'll never be Jon Anderson, Benoit David's vocals are spot on and he can really deliver! \\"Life on a Film Set\\" starts off slow and mellow but gains energy and intensity; I was sucked in and couldn't help playing it over and over to catch every nuance. \\"Into the Storm\\" closes out the CD with a bang. It has some cool analog synth guitars in which Howe shows off his wide repertoire of licks and features some of the best multi layered vocal harmonies I've heard in a long time. From start to finish this is an incredible album that leaves you wanting more. I would highly recommend it to anyone!
1451629184|5.0|This is an amazing memoir written by Jaycee Lee Dugard. It flows with great logic. It held my interest to the very last word. This despite the fact that she only attended school through the last days of fifth grade. There is proof that she had developed strong writing skills at an early age, for the book includes several strong handwritten pages from a journal about her beloved cat, Eclipse, composed when Jaycee was only thirteen. In the following years she managed to read enough (she cites T.S. Eliot and Dean Koontz) to maintain her ability to express herself in a highly articulate manner.    If only the entire story could be summed up by the above paragraph! But Jaycee was abducted at the age of eleven by a monster, Phillip Garrido, and his assistant, Nancy Garrido. Garrido repeatedly raped her. He threatened her. He manipulated her. He spewed out of his mouth his weird fantasies and schemes and forced Jaycee to listen. The physical and verbal abuse is described in graphic detail in this book.    Jaycee states that one objective she had when writing this was to inform people of the dangers posed by monsters like Garrido. She wants people to be more careful. Be more observant. Do not hesitate to contact the authorities if something appears to be strange.  You cannot read this book and not become more wary of sick people like the Garridos.    Jaycee describes the ramshackle shelters in which she was confined in Garrido's backyard. Basically, she was treated like an animal who was occasionally thrown scraps of kindness. She gave birth to two of Garrido's children. She cared for them as best she could while they were forced to endure squalor. She did a remarkable job as a mother. Her children are fortunate to have such an iron-tough mother.    Jaycee expresses in the book concern about why she did not try to escape, particularly after the first few years when she was not as closely confined as in the beginning. Her reluctance to attempt escape is explained by the terror inflicted upon her, the fear of what might happen to her children, the fear of the unknown world outside, and the fact that her thoughts were largely the product of Garrido's vicious manipulation.    I found this to be an outstanding primary source about how cruel people can be, and therefore a warning to all of us. And the fact that she was able to write this book after suffering eighteen years under the thumb of such a vile person is evidence of the resilience of the human spirit.    The book rings with the strength of the truth.
B004WKOCP8|4.0|\\"If Not Now, When?\\" is the sixth studio album that Incubus has released, and it is clearly one of their best. That said, if you go into this expecting another \\"S.C.I.E.N.C.E.,\\" you will be disappointed. However, if you go into this looking to experience the natural evolution of a band with catchy songs, great lyrics, and killer melodies, you will love it. The band sounds amazing, and Brandon Boyd's voice is better then ever. He has an incredible range, and he is able to combine raw power and melody like few others. Things get started with the title track, \\"If Not Now, When?\\" and the sound is phenomenal. This is a heavily instrumental track, and Boyd's vocals provide a perfect texture over the straight ahead attack of the guitars. While the heavy guitars are noticeably absent on \\"Promises, Promises,\\" the song is driven by superb piano playing with a slight funky feel to it. \\"Friends and Lovers\\" shows Incubus' growth and evolution and features a psychedelia sound, something I haven't heard from their past songs but fits in perfectly. The guitar arrangements on \\"Thieves\\" are incredible and deliver with nothing short of a sonic boom. \\"Switch Blade\\" is best described as edgy and fast and is one of the best songs on the album. The female singer used as a background vocalist adds a unique touch, and the sound is crisp and fresh. \\"Tomorrow's Food\\" is a great song to close out the CD. If features awesome finger picked guitars with deep, soothing lyrics leaving you wanting more. Overall this is an amazing album. Every song is good; there isn't one filler at all. I would recommend it to anyone.
B004FOA84A|1.0|click some buttons. no storyline. for such a large file the game play is really lacking. don't waste your time.
B000NA28I4|2.0|Once upon a time, I blazed through this book called Eragon that I thoroughly enjoyed. I was a sophomore in high school when I discovered it and I loved on it hard, waiting with rapt attention for each succeeding novel to come out. When they decided to make a movie, I knew I would never willingly pay money to see it on the big screen so I waited for it to make it to the little one.<br /><br />The first time I watched it, I caught it about midway through the movie. Five minutes later, I was flipping channels to settle on a Lifetime Movie.<br /><br />Tonight, I decided to watch it again and was slapped in the face with why I didn't watch it the first time.<br /><br />I understand that Paolini manages to shove a wagon-load of information about the races into the first book. Elven and dragon lore, human history of the divide between Galbatorix and the Varden BLAH BLAH BLAH. I get that. But MAN. The creators of the film took the basic premise of the book and SPRINTED WITH IT. And not towards the finish line!!!!<br /><br />His interactions with Brom before he leaves his town are almost non-existant. That I could have put up with - okay, they didn't know how to fit all of that in. They completely cut out the Roran & Katrina backstory. That I raised an eyebrow at because it becomes the focal point of a book down the line and the resulting events are a key twist in what starts to separate Eragon from the rest of the human race. So I blinked and excused them with the thought 'hey maybe they just wanted a single movie'! Then my next question was where's the all important relationship with the rest of the townspeople? That goes hand in hand with the Roran & Katrina backstory. That's also gone for no reason! Ooookkkaaayyy, they really want to shrink the movie time.<br /><br />The mega morphing of Saphira on her first flight? My inner sense of outrage began to build while I sputtered some nonsense about 'ah, they need to make her grow quickly and establish that mental connection a.s.a.p.' Okay. Alright.The first flight after the Razac found him? They took the liberty of having her snatch him up on his way to find Uncle Garrow and then sort of hold on/toss him around and have an actual conversation which included \\"They'll kill you\\" and \\"You're ridiculous\\" and \\"Stupid boy\\" all in one go. Here's where I started to lose interest and gain a healthy measure of disgust for the movie.<br /><br />That. Is. Not. How. It. Happened.<br /><br />It ruined the integrity of the movie for me. She's not supposed to be coherent, Eragon is supposed to be in lots of pain, and the delay in getting to his uncle combined with the pain was a HUGE catalyst for character growth! That's the first time he's honest to goodness angry at Saphira! The rest of the movie passes in a blur of uninteresting riding scenes, tepid fighting scenes, and countryside stills. Saphira's sarcasm and Eragon's everpresent curiosity is compromised. There is no rhyme or reason explaining why the screenwriters pulled events out of thin air to insert into the plot line, or why they altered things that were pivotal to a later scene that lessened its impact. Eragon uses magic without knowing the hows and whys, gains experience out of nowhere in swordsmanship, mourns his uncle for about two and a half seconds, thinks about Arya for about the same length of time before he meets and falls in love with her, thinks about his beloved cousin Roran...NEVER, and just sort of stumbles his way in and out of nonsense for the remainder of his time on screen. Why smash the events of a book and a half into a single movie if you have simply butchered the thing? Did they even send their script to Paolini to be okayed before this entered production?<br /><br />The answer is clearly no.<br /><br />No wonder Paolini is saying 'Fu^% no!' to signing over the rights to the rest of his books! Ed Speeler (Eragon) does his best to try and even out the strange plotholes and twists and turns that the screenwriters created but he can barely keep up himself. So does Brom. Everyone else is doing too much or too little to make the audience believe what they were watching, including the dragon.<br /><br />About the only good things to say about this movie refer to the good looks of the male cast. Ed Speeler has that whole adorable thing going for him which is nice. Garret Hedlund as Murtagh is spot freaking on! His hotness ALMOST made me finish the movie and that's saying something. Fifty-five minutes was more than enough torture for me.<br /><br />This was better left as book. There is far too much lost in the translation.
0307387178|3.0|I was hoping that this book would be entirely about Chris McCandless, but a huge portion of it was about the author's own personal life, the lives of McCandless' relatives and friends, and other travelers who the author compares to McCandless. I didn't want to read about other people, I wanted Chris's story. And what we actually get of his story is fascinating and riveting. I just wish we got more of it.     I was also perplexed by how many times we got references to Chris's camera and journal, but the entire book is without photos (save one in the very beginning) and almost nothing from the journal (though we get to read a handful of postcard messages and letters). But upon further research, it seems that Chris's family plans to release another book that will include some photos and other material. Why they weren't included in this book puzzles me. I don't want to believe that the family is using this poor kid's tragic story as a money-making machine, but with multiple magazine articles, a book, a film, and another book on the way... one has to wonder. Chris, after all, wasn't especially close to his family.    I would much rather have had a book filled with photos and journal entries, than Krakauer's confusing, wandering tales that jump back and forth in time (we begin the story with Chris's death? why isn't that at the end?). The timeline of the book is so jumbled that I had trouble keeping track of what was happening, where it was, when it was.     So this book gets 3 stars from me. It was too much like a tease - giving bits of Chris's amazing story, then giving me page after page of other, unnecessary \\"stuff\\" before going back to Chris again. Whether he was a reckless idiot or an unfortunate philosopher, his story is touching and tragic.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|The characters/actors are excellent, very well played and believable. The costumes were wonderful.    I was gripped from the very beginning. Thank you BBC for putting out quality programs the whole family can enjoy.
B00006CXSS|2.0|I received this item today and when we opened it, there were two disc 2 and not a disc 3.  We have contacted amazon.com and we are returning this item for a refund. I'm not sure what happened, but apparently a duplicate disc was put in place of Disc 3. It was considered new and it was wrapped. Disappointed that we have to send it back, but mistakes happen.
B0058FW26C|4.0|This is a great movie. I did notice pauses while it loaded but it was a good picture and quality
B004EPYZP8|5.0|The Lincoln Lawyer is the best Courtroom thriller to come out in years.<br />The cast is amazing giving Mathew McConaughey his best role since A Time To Kill as Mick Haller the slick, street smart resourceful Defense Attorney who develops a conscience on his journey through this film.<br />There are just enough twists and turns and nothing that's so absurd that you don't believe it.<br />I thought it was first rate entertainment and something I could watch over and over.
0439023521|5.0|I began this particular journey with nothing special in mind. I've heard about The Hunger Games. While browsing Barnes and Noble and Borders, I've seen the book on the shelf sitting next to \\"Waiting for Superman\\" in the best seller aisle. I've wanted to read it. But I never got around to it.<br /><br />Then I started hearing more and more. No special details, just little blurbs here and there saying how great the book is. How excellently written this book was. How amazing this book was. But no special details were ever spoken. And I can understand why now.<br /><br />I recently received a copy in the mail. Yay! A new book for me to read! This finally gave me the motivation to read through The Hunger Games. And I am glad I did. As of now, I am anxiously awaiting the other two books so I may finish the series.<br /><br />The Hunger Games is set in the distant future after America goes berserk. What follows is a corrupt and controlling government surrounded by 13 districts. An uprising occurs and a civil war breaks out. The capitol and controlling government wins, wiping out district 13 in the process. As a reminder to the remaining 12, the Capitol holds the The Hunger Games.<br /><br />I'm not going to give any more of the story than that. Even that may be a bit much. But it's only a small piece of background information that doesn't hold much to the story other then why it exists. Ultimately why the Hunger Games exist, what they are, and how they are held is what is important.<br /><br />I fear writing any more of the story, giving small details and information, because I don't want to ruin the shock value. The author, Suzanne Collins, Paints a picture that is so utterly shocking and unthinkable. The brutality and nature of the The Hunger Games supersedes only the viciousness of what the Roman Empire was once capable of. The imagery, details, and ideas of this novel paint a graphic and grim time.<br /><br />The first pages will leave a person depressed. Never could I, myself, imagine the hardships of the main character. And then it only gets worse. I feel sad for the day that our society may ever reach this point.<br /><br />Suzanne Collins writing style is very first person. It's as blunt as a brick to the forehead. This kind of perspective is a little strong for my taste. But after reading the novel I can't see any other way of having it done. The strong first person perspective portrays the emotion of the main character perfectly. The read receives an absolute sense of her strength, hatred, worry, terror, love, and confusion. There is a strong disconnect portrayed between the main character, her followers, and the Capitol. And through the eyes of her, you get a sense of how desensitized the population of the Capitol is, and how lonely and dread-filled the remaining 12 districts are.<br /><br />The Hunger Games is a book that provokes strong and confusing emotions. You want the main character to succeed and to win. But at the same time, the acts she MUST commit are so very horrible and repulsive. You begin to feel the love and passion, the hatred and terror she feels. And the plot line will leave you riveting for more. Throughout the pages you'll be left wondering how something so horrible as the Hunger Games can exist, yet you won't be able to stop reading.<br /><br />I make the details of book out to be perceived as horrible book. Yes, the content and plot line is unthinkable. But the book is amazing. The strong first person perspective does its job precisely and exact. The author has provided an incredible story that conveys more than a little amusement. I found it extremely difficult to put down this book. After reading, I came to find out that a movie is being produced from the book. I could only think, \\"How on earth this is even possible?\\" I am curious to see the movie. And after you read the book you will understand. I do recommend this novel. It's amazing and worth every penny.character. And then it only gets worse. I feel sad for the day that our society may ever reach this point.    Suzanne Collins writing style is very first person. It's as blunt as a brick to the forehead. This kind of perspective is a little strong for my taste. But after reading the novel I can't see any other way of having it done. The strong first person perspective portrays the emotion of the main character perfectly. The read receives an absolute sense of her strength, hatred, worry, terror, love, and confusion. There is a strong disconnect portrayed between the main character, her followers, and the Capitol. And through the eyes of her, you get a sense of how desensitized the population of the Capitol is, and how lonely and dread-filled the remaining 12 districts are.    The Hunger Games is a book that provokes strong and confusing emotions. You want the main character to succeed and to win. But at the same time, the acts she MUST commit are so very horrible and repulsive. You begin to feel the love and passion, the hatred and terror she feels. And the plot line will leave you riveting for more. Throughout the pages you'll be left wondering how something so horrible as the Hunger Games can exist, yet you won't be able to stop reading.    I make the details of book out to be perceived as horrible book. Yes, the content and plot line is unthinkable. But the book is amazing. The strong first person perspective does its job precisely and exact. The author has provided an incredible story that conveys more than a little amusement. I found it extremely difficult to put down this book. After reading, I came to find out that a movie is being produced from the book. I could only think, \\"How on earth this is even possible?\\" I am curious to see the movie. And after you read the book you will understand. I do recommend this novel. It's amazing and worth every penny.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|very easy to use and I like that there is a checklist option, different colors are a nice touch too
B0041KKYEW|3.0|I was disappointed in the story. Natalie Portman was great as was Mila Kunis but the story didn't seem cohesive to me. Portman's character is losing her mind, fine, great - good story, starring role leads to mental breakdown. Go with that, a ballerina losing her mind. Her relationship with her mother is creepy. Fine, could help explain in part her mental collapse. Add that in as well. She's also sexually repressed, okay, now you're getting plot bloat. But throw in some girl-on-girl action anyway! If there had been some explosions, I would have thought I was watching Michael Bay Presents Swan Lake. Again, the performances eclipse the material. Portman deserved her Oscar. Yes, it's supposed to parallel the ballet, Swan Lake but for me, it's like cream puff that was overlooked at filling time. I've got something to eat but it wasn't prepared fully.
B001DTUU7A|5.0|I have been a fan of this movie for a while and bluray quality is great. Perfect for kids and adults. Shipped quickly and in good shape.
0345472322|3.0|I picked up this book because Po Bronson of \\"Nurture Shock  fame has praised it. I was disappointed. I was reminded of  the books  \\" How to stop worrying and start living\\" or \\"How to win friends and influence people\\" By Dale Carnegie with newer examples and a little research behind it.  But Dale C did a better job in many ways. It did do a nice job reminding us that we are changeable, and that \\"attitude is every thing\\".  But I don't need a whole book for that.
B000002B49|5.0|I have been listening to Deep Forest since I was a little girl. I still remember the first day I listened to it along with my mom and I fell in love with the music. Boheme was my very first CD and even though I have found I love Essence of the Forest now more it is still one of my favourite CDs to listen to.    The music on this CD as well as their other CDs is very soothing to listen to. I do a lot of typing from letters to stories as well as drawing and the music Deep Forest has always helped me get down what I need. The collection is also if--like me--you need music to listen to at night for sleeping
B000006047|5.0|Strange music type first heard in the movie \\"The Jackal\\".  Track 6 is entitled \\"Dissolved Girl\\" and was the closing music for the movie.  This track alone is worth the purchase price but other cuts are also very good.  The acoustics are outstandng.  This CD should be played at a high volume level to fully appreciate the sound from low to high.    Offbeat music for sure, but most enjoyable. Live a little.  Buy this CD.
0525423273|5.0|Parlez-vous francais? Non? Okay, I'll do this review in English then. I absolutely loved this book and couldn't put it down. Typically I'm that way with action books, but Anna and the French Kiss was packed with all sorts of high school and relationship drama, but in a good way.    Stephanie Perkins did a great job explaining Anna's thought process throughout. I think you could hand this book to any guy and say, `See? This is how we think,' because it was dead-on with everything from Anna's overanalyzing to her obsessing over her relationship with Etienne (or St. Clair, depending on the day). It actually read to me as a diary what with all the sarcasm and sometimes snark. I also really like Anna because she isn't a typically perfect protagonist who can do no wrong; in fact, she has a lot to learn about being a friend and how she interacts with others.    Etienne is a complex character and perfect love interest. While I love the evolution of his relationship with Anna (and yes, they are utterly perfect for each other), I don't think this is a book just about a relationship; it's about friends. All of Anna's friends - at home and in France - are believable and realistic. You could probably see one of your best friends (or frenemies) in any one of these roles. They are all flawed of course, but funny, understanding, honest and they won't take your crap.    Because of that, this book didn't need any crazy plot twists or fantastical elements. It has the perfect mix of love, friendship and drama with just a hint of France. Pick it up, you'll love it.
B002WYH5N2|5.0|I was home recouping from surgery and had my favorite movie to watch . It was del quickly and in perfect condition
0553582038|4.0|The first book was the best in the series, but all the books were entertaining and hard to put down.  I didn't like some of the things in this book but will still recommend especially after reading the first three.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|i fell in love with this game on pc a couple of years ago. this version is almost as good  and easy to use. runs perfectly on my g2x. the only reason i gave i 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the lack of mini games. i want endless mode and zombiequarium!
0756404738|3.0|Thought this would be great after the first book but was disappointed. I did finish it, however it got a little dull and the really drawn out in some places.
1589269071|3.0|Received order yesterday.  Was very disappointed it was a MPG-3 formatt.  Was under the impression that it was a regular CD that could be played in car, etc.
B004H6OWU2|5.0|I've only \\"known\\" her for a few weeks now, as I discovered her music on YouTube. All I can say is that I'm definitely a fan now! Katy B has got talent and catchy melodies with lyrics that won't leave your head for days. Definite standout tracks on this album are: \\"Broken Record\\", \\"Lights On\\", and \\"Easy Please Me\\". Give her a listen, you won't regret it!
1423134206|5.0|Beautiful book....it is a gift for my daughter who already has the first two of the series....but it's condition upon arrival is disappointing...no invoice, the bubble wrap was ripped, and the book has creases and fingerprints in the margins. Others have complained of similar fates.....just to be aware.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|Amazing, no skipping, no marks or problems with DVDs, photo images on DVD did make me think the box set was pirated at first but I everything else looked correct. The series itself is fantastic and worthy of the Dr. Who title.
B001TODCII|5.0|Liam Neeson is a government retiree who has devoted his life to his work. His ex-wife has since devoted herself to a new husband, and now Neeson attempts to reconnect to his teenage daughter. We get a glimpse of his prior life when former colleagues coax him into a security detail for protecting a pop star. With cat-like reflexes and skill he quickly dispatches an attacker and gets his star to safety.<br /><br />Cynical about the world he worked in, Neeson is pressured by his daughter and ex to allow the girl to take a chaperone-free trip to the City of Lights. He is torn between his fear for his daughter's safety and losing a relationship with her by saying no.<br /><br />The trip soon turns ugly when her daughter sees her friend being abducted from another room. She knows she is next and quickly calls her father on the cell phone he gave her. When the abductors find her she leaves the cell phone on and it is picked up by the abductor. The father offers a carrot and a stick. If they leave his daughter alone, he will forget their crime, otherwise he will find them and kill them. The abductor is foolish enough to say, \\"good luck!\\" before he hangs up.<br /><br />When he arrives in Paris, the action really begins and there is a spike in metropolitan crime with what he does and what he learns.  A father is out to rescue his daughter and there is no time to spare. It leaves him no room for subtlety or diplomatic courtesies. The dialogue is intelligent and fast-paced, and Neeson is always convincing in whatever role he plays. In fact, you even forget the others except for the French inspector.<br /><br />If you like to see death by Kleenex, where one person dies slowly over the course of the script, this is probably not your cup of tea. \\"La Chocolat\\" it is not. However, if you like to see a lot of strangers die violently throughout the movie than hold on to your black belt, because this is right up your alley.<br /><br />\\"Taken\\" should be borrowed or bought and watched. I've even watched it twice.<br /><br />Take some time for \\"Taken.\\"time for \\"Taken.\\"
0316067598|5.0|I enjoy this book very interesting noteing what these fellow do for their country.It also was sad to learn that their perished. War is hell.Waiting for my other book I order about Michael Murphy went thru.
B001HOF8AA|5.0|I just wanted to say that I haven't been this excited about a singer for quite sometime now due to the over excessive vocal gymnastics that seems to run afoul in todays market as well as the overuse of that auto tune device and then theres the over abundance of vibrato that makes it painful when done to forcefully. Imelda May & her band, quite refreshing and I can't think of anytime in a very long time where a new artist has caught my attention to where each day I have at least one of her songs running through my head. Her band is tight, tough & takes no prisoners!<br /><br />That slap bass ... oh man, thats all I can really say is, oh man! The guitar slinger, this dude shouldn't be allowed to roam the alleys at night, he swings a mean axe his command of the neck just chills me! The drummer has this beat that doesn't need an excess of hardware to make his point at all. There's this swagger that demands attention, commands it, then Imelda May comes in and now it's mass destruction, my heart has been stolen and my ears no longer obey me as they are now attuned to this new outfit.<br /><br />The horns & piano are wonderful spices to add to this crock pot of slow cooked wonderment. Imelda & her boys don't need massive stacks of volume to destroy your ears to capture you at all, which is fine by me as I've always stood by ... it's the quieter moments that are the loudest. I look forward to the progress and longevity of many years of musical mayhem from Imelda May & crew.
B0002EXH4A|5.0|Dave Mestaine is one of ROCK & ROLLS LEGENDS!!!!!!
0894803123|5.0|Very much enjoyed Ben and Jerry's ice cream book.  Cute stories and the recipes are easy to make with great results.
B001G70M6S|5.0|Fuji's FP series of peel-apart films are head-and-shoulders above their old Polaroid counterparts. Color, contrast, resolution, and ease of use are all better than I remember Polaroid being. Only complaint is that there is no negative with the FP films, but so long as the photos keep coming out razor-sharp and colorful, I'll get over it.   The FP-3000B is especially handy for low-light or fast-action shots (actual ISO is ~3200).
051788710X|5.0|Conscious Dreaming presents Robert Moss's methodology for exploring and understanding dreams.  This is not a book that gives you a fix interpretation of dreams, but instead, helps you find your own.  It's a journey full of personal stories that help you flesh out the inner working of what dreaming is really about.<br /><br />This book is organized as follows:<br /><br />Introduction: Summoned by Dream<br /><br />Part One Active Dreaming<br />1. Becoming A Dream Catcher<br />2. Nine Keys to Your Dreams<br />3. Exploring Dream with Partners<br />4. Conscious Dreaming<br />5. Shamanic Dreaming<br /><br />Part Two Dreams of Power<br />6. Using Dream Radar<br />7. Dream of the Departed<br />8. Dream Guides and Guardian Angels<br />9. Dreams of Healing<br />10. The Creative Power of Dreams<br /><br />From the introduction, you get a glimpse of the author's experience with dreaming.  This work is obviously influenced by his shamanic experience.  However, its open nature welcomes any worldview.<br /><br />In Part One of this book you will learn how to remember our dreams, how to interpret them and how to explore them.  You will learn that dreams are yours, even as you share them with others.  You hold the key to them.<br /><br />In part two, you move further into the world of dreams.  This would seem a daunting task, but you quickly realize that further exploration is made easy through the personal stories of other people.  Through them, you'll experience encounters with departed people, find guidance from above, and even healing for everyday life.<br /><br />In all, with this book you will learn how to enrich your life by incorporating your dreams into it.  Of course, the message of this book is a positive one, and as such, easily recommended for those taking the first steps into the lucid dreaming.<br /><br />Others book by Robert Moss include:<br /><br />[[ASIN:1577316630 The Three \\"Only\\" Things: Tapping the Power of Dreams, Coincidence, and Imagination]]<br />[[ASIN:1577318919 Dreamgates: Exploring the Worlds of Soul, Imagination, and Life Beyond Death]]<br />[[ASIN:1577319648 Active Dreaming: Journeying Beyond Self-Limitation to a Life of Wild Freedom]]7318919 Dreamgates: Exploring the Worlds of Soul, Imagination, and Life Beyond Death]]<br />[[ASIN:1577319648 Active Dreaming: Journeying Beyond Self-Limitation to a Life of Wild Freedom]]
B002JVWRAO|5.0|Go Hastings is an excellent company.  I have purchased several items and have always been pleased.  In addition, I enjoy the Supernatrual series and for those of you who are fans of supernatural, angels, and demons - you will enjoy this too.
B003Y5H4SO|2.0|To start off, this review will not be professionally done.<br /><br />I did not like this movie because it pays too much emphasis on loosely tied in cliches and poor plot workings. This is a movie that almost solely takes place in an elevator after all. So much attempted drama is placed on mundane info on the characters that ultimately don't play much of a factor in the ending.<br /><br />The director used many stereotypical properties of a man without faith on the main officer overseeing the elevator. The depressed, burned out cop who loses all he held dear in life debunks the idea of anything supernatural and the religious zealot security officer goes into saying, \\"[we] are dealing with the thing you try to not to believe in...\\" As if to argue the point that all athiest are more or less putting on a show saying that they believe in nothing and being less credible than anyone who believes in their diety(ies). I am not an athiest, but the projection of one was crudely put together by the same kind of quality one would find from the mind of a drunk religious official on a mindless rant.<br />The twist at the end was lower quality than that of M. Knight Shyamalan (Shama lama dng dong lol).<br /><br />The movie did accomplish one thing. It motivated me to play video games or read a book by H. P. Lovecraft, something more believable than the movie. When I watch a movie, I look forward to being able to escape reality and go on this eccentric adventure, not be reminded that I am watching a movie and not doing something more productive like brushing the hair of a bald man.
0743270754|4.0|For many years I have enjoyed history, politics and studying leadership. \\"Team of Rivals The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln,\\" by Doris Kearns Goodwin allowed me to enjoy all of these in one book.    Team of Rivals goes far beyond just a biography of events, but delves deep into the character of Lincoln. When Lincoln began to form his Cabinet team he did not take the normal route of patronage. He had two political goals in mind. First to unite the moderate and radical factions of the Republican Party and second to select the person who had the best skills to fulfill the specific Cabinet role. With the ability to meet these two goals he was able to accomplish his two Presidential goals, reunite the nation and end slavery. The people he found were his rivals for the Republican nomination. He built a team who often disliked each other, and still had their own agendas. But Lincoln found away to bring them together as a team and successfully accomplish all four goals.    Lincoln was a very skillful and shrewd politician, but he stayed true to his beliefs and passion for our great country.    Here are a few of the leadership principals that were evident in the life of Abraham Lincoln:        Willingness to take responsibility. Even when one of his Cabinet members made an error, or even went against Lincoln's wishes, he would step up and take full responsibility without calling out the person in error.        He was not concerned with who received credit.        Lincoln could see beyond the current actions of his Cabinet members and his Union Generals and see their potential.        Lincoln was long suffering. Because he could see the true potential of others, he gave them multiple chances to rise to the occasion. Only after many failed attempts would he remove someone who was not performing well.        Lincoln stayed true to his values and principles to reunite the country and slavery. When the bloody war was finally over he worked to welcome the South back into theUnion without holding a grudge, or seeking revenge or punishment.    Goodwin also includes a lot of personal information that shows Lincoln as a master story teller, devoted husband and father. He would often use his stories to diffuse deep political tension, and drive home his point.    To me the book was a bit long (over 700 pages). Almost the 1st half of the book is a mini-biography of Lincoln and each of his primary Cabinet members. It is not until page 329 that you get to Lincoln's inauguration.     I feel that Goodwin sums up the book when she states,    \\"By calling these men to his side, Lincoln had afforded an opportunity to exercise their talents to the fullest and to share in the labor and glory of the struggle that would reunite and transform their country and secure their own places in prosperity.\\" p. 747    This a great book for any fan of Lincoln, history or politics. It is also a great guide on leadership based on values and principles held by Abraham Lincoln who lived it out during the greatest crisis of our nation.
B001AMNL2Q|5.0|As a movie buff, and a Vietnam era Veteran (graduating boot Oct. 1971) it's my opinion this is one of the very few films that show what boot camp was like before a congressmen's son died while in training and the military changed their training tactics.     As someone else mentioned in their review, somehow the suicide murder rate was over looked, but subjectively speaking, during the first weeks of boot there where allot more suicides, or being booted out of the service than people breaking down to the degree as the Leonard (Private Pyle) character did, as where all the characters. The truth is people that where as slow as his character was would have been given a General Medical Discharge after attempts such as being sent to special training with others that where slow or had other issues, restart boot, but not kept to the obvious inability to cope as his character displayed. For the most part if you kept up, you where ok, but there where those that could not deal with the shock of boot camp, or sadly where not ready for what they gotten them selfs into.    Lee Ermey obviously new his role well and played it to perfection and was another stand out, in my experience you honestly learn to respect your instructors, and after awhile, it really wasn't that bad. But this is subjective so take it for what it's worth.    Over all I felt the film drifted a little in the second half, but the performances are right on, and I don't care if it is a or isn't an anti-war film, but was thankful for the memories (good and bad), and believe it's one of the best films of its kind.
B0057KXXFM|5.0|Probably my 2nd favorite Bizkit album. Not a track on here that I skip through. Let's hope rock can make a comeback and get this pop garbage off of the radio
0425241505|5.0|When I first began to read this book I did not think I would like it. I hate not finishing a story so I kept reading. I was surprised by how this story turned out. The unique characters, interesting plot line, it was overall a great story. The only complaint I have is what the heroine turns into. I don't know why this irritated me, it just felt off for course for some reason. But it did not stop me from loving the book and looking foward to future releases!
1878424319|4.0|This is a good book, not a Great book.  If you have read seven Habits stick with it.  If not read this first and you will get more out of it.
B0042RUMEQ|5.0|I bought this album some months back - I had never heard Nicki's music before - and it was like an instant burst of awesome. As she says, and she's right, you don't have to skip a track as every song on the album has it's own special sound. I go back to Pink Friday all the time as it is definitely a cool change from everything that's out there. Very rarely do you get an album where every song is great: this is one of those gems!
0553801473|5.0|I picked the book up this morning at the local bookstore along the shore.  Reserved it a few days ago with the sweet elderly lady of the establishment.  The book is well worth the wait.  Already being sucked in deeply, something that was hard to find in AFFC (though it was certainly there, at points).<br /><br />I will come back and edit this review once I finish the book, but to all of the 1-star reviews so far:<br /><br />You honestly didn't expect the things you're griping about?  It's ASOIAF.  If you didn't think that there would be rape or deaths in abundance, or the dark nature of GRRM's work would remain the same... you're mistaken.
B000002JPA|5.0|\\"Images And Words\\", Dream Theater's second album, is way too awesome for me to find the right words to describe. Every song on this album is just incredible.         This album marks the first to feature James LaBrie on Lead Vocals. Now, if you ask me, Charlie's vocals were definitely awesome. But, to be perfectly honest, in my honest-to-God opinion, James Labrie's vocals are definitely way better than Charlie Dominici's vocals. There are times when I actually shudder with chills because of James' awesome voice.    \\"PULL ME UNDER\\"    Now, as I said before, Dream Theater is my all-time favorite band, and it breaks my heart to know that this track is the one and only hit. This song is, without a doubt in my mind, an awesome bad-a** tune.    \\"ANOTHER DAY\\"    Another awesome single. If you ask me, the sound of a rock song using the sound of a saxophone definitely fits like hand in glove. This song is one of the many examples of how powerful James' vocals are. NOTE: The message within this song is an important one, which is why this song is a personal favorite for me.    \\"TAKE THE TIME\\"    Another awesome track, with another important message within it, which is why this is another song that I hold close to my heart.    \\"SURROUNDED\\"    This is another favorite of mine, a song that I never, ever turn off. NOTE: Be sure to watch Dream Theater's \\"Chaos In Motion\\" DVD, as it features an awesome performance of this song, where they break into a guitar solo and verse of a song called \\"Sugar Mice\\" (originally performed by Marillion, another awesome Prog Rock band).    \\"METROPOLIS PT. 1: THE MIRACLE AND THE SLEEPER\\"    Cannot find the right words to describe this brilliant masterpiece of a song.    \\"UNDER A GLASS MOON\\"    Definitely an awesome song.    \\"WAIT FOR SLEEP\\"    Awesome.    \\"LEARNING TO LIVE\\"    One thing that I'm sure you all have noticed is that Dream Theater's catalogue of songs pretty much deal with real life issues, and this song is no exception. The importantmessage featured here in this track is enough reason for me to consider this song another personal favorite of mine.       If any of you do not have this album in your collection, then I think it's time you buy a copy. Believe me when I say that this album is in-freaking-credibly awesome.
1440503257|4.0|I love this recipe book especially the design. The book looks and feels as if it came straight from the Wizarding World! Each chapter of recipes is linked back to the Harry Potter stories. I gave this four stars because...there isn't any pictures of the food. I don't cook often so I need all the help I can get! And there is NO RECIPE FOR BUTTERBEER!!!!
B000006YCU|5.0|How can I describe Dream Theater? To be honest, I cannot find the right words to describe this band. It was only a year ago when a buddy of mine introduced me to Dream Theater, and ever since then, I've been completely obsessed. Out of all the bands I've listened to, Dream Theater is, by far, my all-time favorite.    \\"When Dream And Day Unite\\" is the band's first album, and their one and only album to feature Charlie Dominici, their first official lead vocalist (2nd if you count Chris Collins, who left back in 1986 or 1987). And what an album this turned out to be.    \\"A FORTUNE IN LIES\\"    A strong opening track, and a definite favorite of mine.    \\"STATUS SEEKER\\"    Yet another awesome track that turned out to be another favorite of mine.    \\"YTSE JAM\\"    Dream Theater definitely has a knack for composing awesome instrumentals, and this track is a great example. NOTE: This track is pronounced \\"Yet-See-Jam\\"    \\"THE KILLING HAND\\"    What an amazing song. John Petrucci (Dream Theater's flawless guitarist) had given a great explanation to what this song is really about. For those of you, who don't know what this song is about, look it up, as it is way too complicated for me to explain here.    \\"LIGHT FUSE AND GET AWAY\\"    Awesome.    \\"AFTERLIFE\\"    A track that was originally written back in 1986 when Chris Collins, Dream Theater's first lead vocalist, was still a member of the band. When Chris made his departure, with Charlie making his entrance, Charlie re-wrote the lyrics to this track, and those are the lyrics you hear on this album. Great track.    \\"THE ONES WHO HELP TO SET THE SUN\\"    Another great rockin' track.    \\"ONLY A MATTER OF TIME\\"    Yet another favorite of mine.       This album is definitely a must-have for all Dream Theater fans. It's, obviously, a great way to start off your Dream Theater collection.
B001F0WXY0|5.0|I'd actually never read Dune before this year. The world building contained within makes me so depressed that I'll never create something as compelling. I hear mixed reviews of other books in the series, so I may just leave it at that. My one complaint is that Paul just isn't an interesting protagonist. The story that is memorable is the political story, not Paul's. He's a messiah and hence also pretty flawless which is boring. Otherwise, I liked this a great deal.
B004EPYZU8|1.0|This was the stupidest movie I've ever seen.  I could not believe some of the other reviews that I read.  What a waste of money and time. The ones doing the other reviews must be very bored, and live in a land that is not reality.  THIS MOVIE SUCKED!!!
0307279189|5.0|Running and me aren't friends. I get shin splints and have more or less chronic ankle pain from repeated injuries. I discovered Vibram Fivefingers shoes a year ago and fell in love with them as they helped alleviate some of that aforementioned pain. When I was doing research on the shoes (they are expensive for what they are), I kept seeing references to this book. McDougall takes a thoroughly uninteresting subject (running) and explores its odd side (ultras) with enough crazy characters that I don't know why this isn't a movie yet but Blind Side is. I recommend this both as a story and as something providing some fundamental insight to an activity that we all do from time to time.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I've had a handful of other pocket sharpeners in the past and my brother, a US Army Ranger, recommended this one to me as he used his to put a new edge on my well worn blade. After he handed me back my knife and I tested the edge against my thumb I was sold! I went right home and ordered one for myself. My father couldn't even wait for the shipping so he bought one at Bass Pro. I expected a higher price tag for such a great item but I was pleasantly surprised once again by amazon's low low prices. I highly recommend this product for any person needing a sharp blade! Enjoy and be safe!
B000SEIK2S|2.0|Scalzi has a popular blog and all the social connections that matter in being a geek, so I've heard a lot of praise for Old Man's War. It has a compelling premise: 75-year-old humans are recruited to fight in a war that the recruitees know nothing about and powered by technology that does not exist on the home planet. The book slides along thanks in part to Scalzi's witty dialogue and punctual prose. The plot owes much to Starship Troopers and Scalzi admits as much in the acknowledgements. I probably won't be reading the later entries in the series. For one, the premise doesn't really tie in to the action or the climax. There's really no reason the recruits need to be old men and women isolated from the technological future brought to the present by the CDF except for that it makes for a good introduction to the universe for the reader. I was a little disappointed by that. The action was fast paced, but I don't feel there is much change in the world by the end. I can see why others like it. The story just wasn't my bag.
0312600844|1.0|I don't get all the hype over Franzen.  After the Newsweek cover last year, I read The Corrections and thought Ho-Hum.  Even if you're only going to pay attention to white males, as Newsweek did, Richard Russo is so much wittier, his characters so much more complicated.  Once we're stuck inside Patty in her third-person autobiography for 100 pages, it's inconceivable why anyone would be attracted to her.  All the characters are one-dimensional.  Even though I agree with the politics, I still felt lectured. And his editor should have said, \\"Cut at least 200 pages.\\"  The length is self-indulgent.
081297381X|5.0|I don't tend to re-read books. They stick with me pretty well, so I get bored on second readings. However, The Black Swan was both so important and so dense with information that I plan on giving it another read through before too long. Taleb's main premise is Socratic in nature: we are overconfident in what we know. We base our predictions of the future on the past which is horribly irrelevant in the case of events that have never happened before. He rails against academics in quite a pompous way that would have turned me off if he didn't seem to be so damn correct. The titular Black Swan is an event which is an outlier with extreme impact that we humans tend to give explanation to post facto as if it were predictable beforehand. He spends a lot of time defining the difference between \\"Mediocristan\\" variables - things that can be modeled by bell curves and standard operating procedure and \\"Extremistan\\" variables that are Mandlebrotian and in the realm of the Black Swan. I could try to further summarize here, but the book is too full of interesting arguments and too layered in its approach for me to do justice to it. Instead, I encourage you to pick it up. It has radical consequences for anyone who does business, makes predictions or votes. It is my Book of the Year.
0060786523|3.0|The book is fine, not amazing.  Just fine.  It is impressive in its length and breadth but I did not find it a great novel.  I'm not sorry I read it, but I wouldn't read it again.    While I am impressed with Seth's range of knowledge, I think, much like Haresh when talking about his work, he forgets that not everyone is interested in so much detail.  And there was plenty:  about parliamentary proceedings, about legal proceedings, about poems, about shoemaking... There was a lot of self-indulgence on the part of the author.    Part of the problem too is the length; as I would become engrossed in a particular story line - there are many - it would stop in favor of another, sometimes for a significant amount of pages.  Also, the multiple and complicated story lines prevented the book from achieving much depth of character.  I found that I liked many of people, but they were often one-dimensional.  Mrs. Rupa Mehra was an overly emotional over-reacter.  Over and over again.  Arun was a selfish arrogant bully.  All the time.      [Plot reveal alert:  And Lata, who had the most potential, was the biggest disappointment to me.  She went from showing some independence and spirit to, well, choosing to avoid real feelings.  And while I thought that Lata's reasoning has its merits - passion alone does not a happy marriage make - I didn't believe she actually got there herself.  In one instant she had decided H. was not for her, and then, as we got close to the end, she suddenly changes her mind.  Sure, her relationship with Kabir was complicated - so don't marry him.  Don't marry anyone yet.  That would have been more in keeping with Lata's character.  It seemed to me that the ending was chosen because it was the most convenient.  Her decision worked well for wrapping up the book - after all, if she had chosen someone else, the reader would want to know more about her married life, probably necessitating another 500 pages.  Instead, her choice left me with no interest whatsoever in her safe, comfortable life.]    Overall, I enjoyed most of the book, but it wasn't one of the greats to me.
140053271X|5.0|Let just start off by saying that I have tried the Kindle and although an OK hardware device, the interface was terrible.  It felt like the early days of the internet, with textual interfaces, underlined words, fiddling with buttons and keyboard to navigate, and all sorts of annoyances that got in the way of reading and enjoying the device. We returned it within 3 days.      Next we tried the original Nook Black&White, and interface was much better, but the screen had poor contrast. (not the nice Pearl screen as the Kindle has)    Enter Nook Touch.  WOW.  This thing has a top notch interface... they totally put their minds and heart into this one...  it is PERFECT.  Touchscreen makes a world of a difference, and enables the slick interface that allows you to browse the store, personal library, and more.  On-screen Buttons and finger gestures make the magic happen, and this is one device you are sure to LOVE TO USE.    The screen is the new Pearl, so it looks just as good as the Kindle, with the added benefit of touchscreen!    The size?  PERFECT!  Not too big, not too small.  Very thin.  Well built.  Feels durable.    All I can say is this is finally the ereader I've been waiting for...  excellent battery life, good Pearl screen, touchscreen, and perfect size.    To boot, the price is dead on!  $139 with Wifi.  If it gets stolen, I am buying another one immediately!
030746363X|2.0|Understand this book is very popular I returned the book I was not able to understand way to much detail and information.
0545259088|3.0|In Maggie Stiefvater's [[ASIN:0545259088 Forever (Wolves of Mercy Falls, Book 3)]], the final book in the Wolves of Mercy Falls trilogy, Sam is waiting for Grace to become human again as winter melts into spring. Cole is taking huge risks to try and find a cure, and Isabel continues to struggle with her brother's death. The stakes are raised when a hunt to kill the wolves is approved, and Sam, Cole, and Isabel must race against time to save Grace and the pack. With no easy solutions in sight, nothing is certain regarding who will live and love into another season.<br /><br />Like always, Stiefvater's lyrical prose impressed me with its ability to create distinct imagery and to evoke emotion. Isabel and Cole shined as characters that grow, both by themselves and together, and I found their shared moments to be the most touching. All of the characters, even those whom we're supposed to love, are shown to have significant flaws, and the story deals openly with the issue of what is forgivable and what is not. Strong themes about selfish versus selfless behavior, self-destruction and suicide, the value and worth of love, and the importance of consent and choice also ran throughout. I appreciated seeing these themes woven into the story, and I appreciated even more seeing Stiefvater note some of them in the dedication, author's note, and acknowledgments. The novel also finished with a somewhat open ending that allows readers to imagine an uncertain but hopeful future for the characters, which I found more believable than a pat ending.<br /><br />Even with all of these strong points, FOREVER didn't provide the satisfying conclusion for which I had hoped. Like in [[ASIN:0545123291 Linger (Wolves of Mercy Falls, Book 2)]], the voices of the different narrators were often not distinct, and I sometimes found myself checking the chapter headings to identify the speaker. The prose in this installment also felt too intentional: I often felt like passages were written for the mere beauty of the words, not because they represented a character's voice well. While I loved Isabel and Cole, they outshined Sam and Grace in this book, much to the detriment of the two main characters. Despite the hardships their relationship undergoes, the cautious nature in which Sam and Grace treated each other felt artificially strained. Because of this, I never reconnected to their love story. Some parts of the resolution also felt too convenient, and the werewolf pathology remained unclear. Finally, while I did appreciate aspects of the open ending, some things felt just as unresolved as they were at the end of the two previous books.<br /><br />After falling in love with the author's writing in her faerie novels, the [[ASIN:0545123275 Shiver (Wolves of Mercy Falls)]] books unfortunately never grabbed me in the same way. Despite this lack of connection with the series, I continue to be very impressed with Stiefvater's writing and her ability to connect readers to the emotions of her characters. I'm looking forward eagerly to her upcoming stand-alone novel, [[ASIN:054522490X The Scorpio Races]], to see if I can find that connection to her writing again.words, not because they represented a character's voice well. While I loved Isabel and Cole, they outshined Sam and Grace in this book, much to the detriment of the two main characters. Despite the hardships their relationship undergoes, the cautious nature in which Sam and Grace treated each other felt artificially strained. Because of this, I never reconnected to their love story. Some parts of the resolution also felt too convenient, and the werewolf pathology remained unclear. Finally, while I did appreciate aspects of the open ending, some things felt just as unresolved as they were at the end of the two previous books.     After falling in love with the author's writing in her faerie novels, the [[ASIN:0545123275 Shiver (Wolves of Mercy Falls)]] books unfortunately never grabbed me in the same way. Despite this lack of connection with the series, I continue to be very impressed with Stiefvater's writing and her ability to connect readers to the emotions of her characters. I'm looking forward eagerly to her upcoming stand-alone novel, [[ASIN:054522490X The Scorpio Races]], to see if I can find that connection to her writing again.
B004V8W54Q|5.0|[[ASIN:B004V8W54Q Brazil [Blu-ray]]]<br /><br />On this Blu-ray for the first time ever we get the ORIGINAL 132 minute version of the film as was shown in U.S. theaters.<br />(Note:  This is NOT the \\"Love Conquers All\\" Sheinberg/TV Edit.)<br />All the DVD releases before this have been the European Version/Director's Cut of the film.  Even the original Universal DVD release that said Theatrical Cut on the box actually had the European Version/Director's Cut.<br /><br />Unfortunately, Universal didn't really spend any time cleaning up the negative for Hi-Definition (there is very noticeable instances of dirt and debris on the negative) but it still beats the image quality found on the Universal SD DVD, and  they do include an amazing DTS-HD Master 5.1.  We'll just have to wait for the Criterion Blu-ray of Brazil for image perfection but serious fans of Brazil will want to get this Blu-ray edition just to have this version of the film as it was originally seen in theaters in 1985.<br /><br />I actually find this 132-minute version is in many ways a superior cut of the film.  Here are the differences in detail:<br /><br />*In the 132-minute version you cut from Sam in bed with Jill, police sack goes<br />over head, then CUT TO Pull off police sack to reveal Sam in Torture<br />Chamber/Interrogation chair. This one cut is simply brilliant and very powerful.<br />In the Criterion Version you have the added scene of Mr. Helpman as Father<br />Christmas (completely out of charcater from the rest of the film) and the whole<br />interrogation scene of Sam hanging from the rack inside the police/mail pouch<br />which becomes narratively redundant and dilutes the impact of the final scene.<br /><br />*To end it with cooling tower/interrogation room fade to clouds was a great Gilliam<br />wink of subversion and irreverence to the cliche Hollywood Ending. As opposed to<br />the European cut of just credits over cooling tower/interrogation room.<br /><br />*The Samurai Scene is divided into 3 separate scenes in the 132-minute version<br />versus 1 LONG scene in the European cut. And you know what? Like most things,<br />it works better in 3's.<br /><br />*The 132-minute version cuts straight to the Dinner Scene with Ida (his mother)<br />ordering numero deux, trois, etc. while the European version has the entrance to<br />the restaurant of going through the metal detector which really doesn't add<br />anything and is again a bit redundant when the bomb does eventually go off in<br />the restaurant. With the scene, you're signaling to the audience we are looking for a bomb, so we expect a bomb. Without the added scene, the bombing is unexpected and it actually shocks you so you're both horrified and laughing. The unexpectedness also works as it builds upon the bomb motif from the first explosion at the beginning of Brazil during the Ducts advert.<br /><br />*And finally I just love that the 132-minute version opens on those clouds (outtakes<br />from The Never-Ending Story) then goes to the Central Services advert about<br />Ducts: \\"Are your ducts old-fashioned, out-of-date... \\" Now the Criterion version<br />also has the clouds opening (The Original European Cut didn't) but it's funny<br />because the Studio asked Gilliam to start off with the clouds for the US Cut and he<br />actually prefers it as quoted in his Director's commentary. Hilarious.<br /><br />Little changes that add up to a tighter and overall, better film.scene in the European cut. And you know what? Like most things,   it works better in 3's.    *The 132-minute version cuts straight to the Dinner Scene with Ida (his mother)   ordering numero deux, trois, etc. while the European version has the entrance to   the restaurant of going through the metal detector which really doesn't add   anything and is again a bit redundant when the bomb does eventually go off in   the restaurant. With the scene, you're signaling to the audience we are looking for a bomb, so we expect a bomb. Without the added scene, the bombing is unexpected and it actually shocks you so you're both horrified and laughing. The unexpectedness also works as it builds upon the bomb motif from the first explosion at the beginning of Brazil during the Ducts advert.     *And finally I just love that the 132-minute version opens on those clouds (outtakes   from The Never-Ending Story) then goes to the Central Services advert about  Ducts: \\"Are your ducts old-fashioned, out-of-date... \\" Now the Criterion version   also has the clouds opening (The Original European Cut didn't) but it's funny   because the Studio asked Gilliam to start off with the clouds for the US Cut and he   actually prefers it as quoted in his Director's commentary. Hilarious.    Little changes that add up to a tighter and overall, better film.
B0025UHKNS|3.0|Because this watch does everything besides the laundry, I've had some trouble getting started with it.  I love that it has a heart rate monitor and strap (because the touch kind just aren't reliable and are so annoying to deal with while working out), the GPS reporting feature gives you accurate distance, time, and pace stats, and the watch is great at updating info to your computer.  I will say that I am a bit overwhelmed by these features and have not quite mastered the watch and all the abilities it has.
B003CIG7AE|5.0|Through Infinite Arms an important message had been delivered. Earlier, last week I wrote about this very important realization in a poem called \\"The time we walk in the shadow of death\\" In the second paragraph I entered Rumi's heart of consciousness, I wrote;<br />\\"The days of contemplation are almost never recalled, as we continue the dream of unending adventure inside that contemplation. It's hard to stop dreaming while dreaming, and remembering the rules is inescapable ...\\"<br />In this I realized the intersections and how they occur, it is perpetually happening to me always, in the very next thing I wrote, I said,<br />\\"The paths and bridges sometimes intersect, and when the evasive reality intrudes upon the shores of our conscious tranquility, we dive head long back into the deep blue water, searching for the largest wave.\\"<br />Band Of Horses enters as do I, quickly and unseen, eyes and heart on fire, becoming the water in the ocean, and the stars in each heartbeat, and without any effort whatsoever, dissolve into the dust carried by a light breeze that has come from nowhere...
B003OFHMKO|5.0|Okay, Okay, If you are into jazz than this CD is a must buy.  What do I mean by this? It is cool, and your mind begins to relax and dream what was or how can, what ever that is to you. Take off your shoes close your eyes pat your feet and let the music take you away.
0545259088|4.0|How can I be so sad and so happy at the same time? I just read FOREVER, the last book in Maggie Stiefvater's Wolves of Mercy Falls trilogy, and it broke my heart and thrilled my soul.<br /><br />Maggie Stiefvater writes with such raw emotion that the character's feelings soar off the page, sink into your bones and beat through your veins.  Her writing has texture and taste and a resonance that lingers long after the last page.<br />Sam and Grace are still the breath and blood of this series, but they aren't the only characters who I've come to love.  In LINGER, I almost resented the addition of Isabelle and Cole, but that couldn't be further from how I felt reading FOREVER.  There is a volatile and self-destructive quality to their relationship that is so far from what Sam and Grace share that both couples are sharpened, complimented even, by the contrast.<br /><br />While FOREVER is every bit as much Isabelle and Cole's story, it is a more than fitting conclusion to this trilogy to have the roles of Sam and Grace so completely reversed.  To read about Sam's struggle as he watches the weather creeping colder and colder and knowing that it will ultimately claim Grace from him, and likewise Grace is the one now battling the fear of erasing herself when she shifts.  Heartbreaking in a way that is different from SHIVER, but just as poignant.<br /><br />So I am sad and happy.  No more Sam and Grace.  No more Cole and Isabelle.  But I'm left feeling very satisfied with how their story ended or rather how it was left, because the ending is not a true ending, but it is an ending full of possibilities and hope.  And I am very happy that there will be more lovely stories from Maggie Stiefvater.  More romance,  more worlds, and more beautiful writing to whisk me away.<br /><br />Sexual Content:<br />Kissing. References to sex
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I bought these for his birthday and he couldn't be more thrilled.  Only trouble is now he always wants to play.  I like them because he can stay up and play or watch movies and I can go to sleep at night without having to have to tv turned up.  Overall we are both very happy with the quality and highly recommend this product.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I got this for my dad on father's day. It got here fast, in great shape, and it was a good deal to begin w/.
B0009UC7H0|5.0|I just watched this last night and it was great.  I don't seem to have any problems with it at all.
B0058PJ6NE|2.0|Please update this app. It costs 1.99 and doesn't even work right?    This app seems to watch HQ (unknown resolution) videos alright. It seems to download unspecified resolution Youtube Videos OK.    The obvious problems is that you aren't able to choose the resolutions that you would like to watch or download. The option to choose video formats is useless. It doesn't work at all and with it on you can't download anything.    Its a shame because this app has a nice color scheme and a clean interface.    Until you fix these problems I see no reason to recommend this app. You would have to be crazy not to just download the FREE Tubemate (youtube downloader) from the regular Android Appstore over this one (even with the ads).        I am using a non-rooted Samsung GT-I9100 with Android 2.3.3 .
B004UA8D2S|2.0|SPOILER ALERT. Do not read if you don't want plot points revealed.   Why take such a beautifully shot film and turn it into the next version of Final Destination? There is nobody on earth who will view drowning your father as a mercy killing. I thoroughly enjoyed three fourths of the movie; the last act  was just plain bad.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I was looking forward to reading this book.  When I finally got to read it I was not disappointed.  It was a book about holding hope in your heart no matter what and the strength of the human soul.  T his book touched me deeply.  I commend Jaycee Lee for her unflinching story with a message that ANYBODY can use in thier lives.
B0051T46XM|5.0|SPOILER ALERT: Do not read on if you do not want plot points revealed!       Not that anyone cares, but I am a Christian- and that is a big deal if your in this movie. Trolls can smell a Christian's blood, sweat, and tears and they don't like us! I watched this movie with my son and we nearly died laughing. The movie is hard to characterize- it really is not a comedy, although it will make you laugh; it's not a horror film, but it will scare you a bit; it's not a documentary but it's shot in that format- very well shot and edited I might add. What is this movie? It's CLEVER and ENGAGING and FUN!       The TROLL HUNTER himself is my new hero! Two scenes I will never forget:   1. Trying to get a blood sample from a troll- (the scene on the bridge) Absolutely hilarious. The best costume I've seen since Boba Fett!  2. The Troll hunter shouts through a speaker on his Troll Hunter Van- \\"I'll try to lead him (the big troll) away\\". He pumps a song through the speaker... I won't tell you what he uses. Absolutely brilliant!       An unexpected fun, witty, film with decent special effects and excellent acting! Great job guys.        WE WANT A SEQUEL!       WE WANT ACTION FIGURES!
0380977273|1.0|I have read several Ray Bradbury works, I have yet to find one I like but other people rave over them and movies have been made of some of them. \\"Something Wicked This Way Comes\\" is, to me, one of his worst. The story is simple, a carnival comes to town, two boys, fast friends, visit it and discover the carousel has the ability to either age people or subtract years. The carnival owners find out the boys have this knowledge and plan to get rid of the boys. One of the boy's father comes to their aid and in doing so grows in stature in their eyes and the boys and the man rediscover themselves.In my hardcover copy it takes Bradbury 289 pages to tell this simple tale and he seems to have searched the dictionary for words that he doesn't know how to use, he groups them in awkward fashion, makes nouns into verbs, adjectives become neologisms, juxtaposes words together but making no sense thus used, repeats phrases for some reason which I am unable to detect and I think tries to make himself look greater than he is by this use of words, instead he disrupts thought, not helping the story and, frankly, making a fool of himself by his word usage. Vladimir Nabokov was a Russian who also looked to use uncommon English words in his writing, he seldom missed but his stretches could be excused since English was a second language to him. What was Bradbury's excuse?
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|What an amazing movie! I only have one point to add. There is no need for directors to shake the camera or do milli-second scene cuts to wow an audience. The Dark Knight shows us how it should be done! Set up the shot, and trust your actors and effects people to do their jobs. Let the audience see more than 1/10th of a second per clip. What a joy to really see and feel the movie and take in the wonder of each beautifully conceived and shot scene!   This movie should be a requirement for any film student!
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|Product arrived in expected condition (brand new) and was properly packaged. This is the best adaptation of Jane Eyre I have ever seen, and I've seen quite a few. It is almost totally accurate to the book, and the little changes that were made were quite reasonable/not too big so as to flutter the illusion for any viewer who loves the book and is looking for accuracy. The most notable difference is that the Gypsy Woman is not Rochester in disguise but rather a woman Rochester hired to play his trick, a change I actually thought was an improvement to the story as it was far more believable. Another difference is that Blanche's hair is blonde rather than black, a change I don't particularly like since it screws with the symbolism of the character, but still, the actress they chose was perfect for the part and my experience as a viewer wasn't notably disturbed. The casting is splendid! My favorite Jane Eyre, my favorite Rochester of all I've seen so far: in my perception they're completely appropriate to the book.
B0000AQVCL|4.0|Not my normal cup of tea this sort of of jingly jangly almost 60's retro rock but gosh it's addictive and as my tag line says, it's just all good fun....<br /><br />In terms of specifics the band Jet have here crafted a debut album that you just know is the product of a stack of live shows where all the songs were given full workouts and all the weak bits were found and elminated and each tracks reason to be was honed until every note from every tune was `on message'. In tihs way the band - comprising Nic Cester (G+V), Chris Cester (D+V), Cam Muncey (G+V) and Mark Wilson (B) - have here managed to create a raft of toe tapping rock `n' roll songs that equals more than the sum of its parts.  Production wise the whole thing bespeaks a sort of professionalism you get the impression the band would rather keep under their hats, the knob job allows the simple melodies and guitar lines to breath and stand out which allows the listener to latch onto them. Or perhaps more to the point the hooks latch onto your brain like some sort of parasite. Not at all as bad as it sounds in this case!<br /><br />Other reasons to like this album - the fact that the band didn't fall into the trap of putting on too many songs. Rather than bloat out the album with also-rans the band have had the nous to avoid this modern pitfall. Or rather even though there are 13 songs on it there isn't the listener fatigue issue due to the brisk and brief nature of the tunes. Further the album goes up and down the gears well enough to make it listenable all the way through and this is a real plus if you want something lively but not too heavy and not too faux angsty for your next social occasion even if a couple of the songs are a touch too maudlin for my taste. And I own that I did detect a bit of faux artists snobbery here and there. Or perhaps they were aiming for some sort of Oasis snottiness/snobbiness. And yes the detractors are right in saying these guys really would like to be the Who...<br /><br /> There is much here to like and the album is very much a strong four stars. Actually, I thought very seriously about giving it a five star rating because it really is a strong lively rock `n' roll album. Not the haughiest aim in life perhaps, but at least an honest one and one attacked with vigour.ke and the album is very much a strong four stars. Actually, I thought very seriously about giving it a five star rating because it really is a strong lively rock `n' roll album. Not the haughiest aim in life perhaps, but at least an honest one and one attacked with vigour.
B000P12LWY|4.0|Love the show  Although it's not an accurate story, the movie itself was an entertaining.  Jonathan Rhys is great, so do the rest of the casts.  I didn't know that this movie was made since 2007 until recently. I have been watching the show on BBC every Wednesday since.  However, the quality of the movie from the CD I had purchased from the vendor at Amazon appears to be not as sharp and bright as the actual show  I had seen from BBC channel.  Couldn't wait to see what happens to Jane in the next season and when the king starts to age.
B004K4AVAG|4.0|Although there was a little bit delay in getting the alblum because of Amazon's cloud issue, it was worth the wait. It was a pretty good album and definitely showed a new side of Lady Gaga. pretty sure a few will hit the chart!
0439023513|5.0|I loved this book.  I actually loved the entire series and I recommend them to people all the time.  I was a little leery about starting these books since they are aimed at teens, but I'm so glad I read them.  They are all exciting and dramatic and you really get a feel for the characters.  I was so sad to finish this book because I didn't want the series to end.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Jaycee's resilience and courage in writing this book is inspiring for those of us who have struggled to overcome abuse.  She tells her story in a matter-of-fact manner that is captivating without one bit of sensationalism.  If you don't understand the Stockholm Syndrome, read this, you'll get it.  [[ASIN:1451629184 A Stolen Life: A Memoir]]
0439023491|5.0|I loved this book.  I actually loved the entire series and I recommend them to people all the time.  I was a little leery about starting these books since they are aimed at teens, but I'm so glad I read them.  They are all exciting and dramatic and you really get a feel for the characters.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I was skeptical, but of all of the workout videos I bought recently in an attempt to keep fit while nursing a bum knee, this is my favorite.    There are three different intensity levels for different fitness levels.  I am a pretty athletic person, but the intermediate level still gave me a really good full-body workout.  Two days later, I'm still sore!    Jillian has a good style: tough and encouraging without being at all annoying (unlike pretty much every other video trainer!).  She presents low-impact/lower-intensity alternatives along with how to really heat things up.  She focuses on explaining how to do the moves right rather than a running dialog of \\"go, you're a champion, you're strong, be strong, yeah\\" (ala Denise Austin).    I've done a few of her videos and have liked all of them.  Some are really hard.  Her videos aren't just for people looking to lose weight, but for anyone looking to improve their fitness level.
0545259088|3.0|** SPOILERS **<br />This is a difficult review to write.  It's actually taken me a few days to stew on and eventually digest the strange roller coaster ride which is Forever.<br /><br />So what happened?  Well, there were some pacing problems.  At times the story seemed to get bogged down and Ms. Stiefvater's normally melodic prose became a little heavy handed.  And while the alternating narration added depth to the story, it occasionally made for some bumpy transitions.  But these things are forgivable as, overall, Ms. Stiefvater's writing is lovely and the world she created is vivid and alive.<br /><br />So why the three stars?  For starters, everything worked out a little too neatly and yet, surprisingly, there were some plot threads left completely abandoned.<br /><br />First, take the situation with Grace's parents.  No resolution.  It seemed as though there might be some, but it never quite got there and eventually the entire thread was simply dropped.  What?  You can't decide what to do with the parents so they're simply forgotten about?  Come on, really?  Second, the wolves.  There's a hugely dramatic scene at the end with an aerial hunt involving Mr. Culpeper.  Wolves are killed.  We learn of two characters that were definitely killed off and others eluded to, but it's unclear who survived.  This left me scratching my head and feeling a little cheated.  Third, the cure.  Better known as the non-cure.  That's right, after Sam turns himself back into a wolf to save Grace and we're led to believe it will all work out, the cure is still... meningitis?  It felt like a cop out to me.  All the suspense building with Cole working diligently on a cure and we're back to square one.  Fourth, Sam.  He spends the entire novel vacillating.  In one breath seeming to overcome his trauma and heartbreak, and in the next he's moping and griping that his life is worthless without Grace.  In this installment he's reached a whole new level of morose, and dare I say borderline bi-polar.  It's not very becoming.  Fifth, Officer Koenig (introduced briefly in Shiver).  This character plays no real role in either of the two preceding books and yet in the eleventh hour he just strolls up and says \\"Hi Grace and Sam, why don't you and your werewolf buddies mooch of me for the rest of your lives at this sweet little resort I own miles from nowhere\\"?  And there's no explanation/motivation to save the wolves other than his moderate dislike for Culpeper.  This stretches the bounds of plausibility to a whole new level.  Sixth, Culpeper himself.  Yes, I understand his role in the hunt and the necessity of that story arc but there's no resolution with this character.  After all is said and done, the family just packs up and moves back to California?<br /><br />If all that weren't frustrating enough, we come to Cole.  He dies.  Well, sort of.  Only not quite.  So that makes him a zombie-werewolf?  Okay, maybe that's a little unfair, but under the circumstances I felt the author cheated.  Lastly, we come to ambiguity.  Aside from all the other things left unsaid and undone, I had hoped for resolution with Grace and Sam.  It just wasn't there.  I get that the author has left it to the reader to decide their fate, and I respect that, but with so many other issues left to linger (no pun intended), I had hoped for something more tangible for this couple.<br /><br />But don't lose faith, here's what worked well: Cole and Isabel are the shining stars of this novel.  Not solely because of the dynamics between the two, but because I enjoyed watching them struggle and evolve independently of each other.  Their narrations offered a great peek into their respective psyches and I loved that they maintained their own unique voices throughout the novel.  While I may not like where their story leaves off (think ambiguity) they were still a joy to get to know.<br /><br />The ending, aside from the above issues, was a crazy, breathtaking adventure.  Wow!  Did Ms. Stiefvater hit a home run where the action is concerned!  The final fifty odd pages was like being in a getaway car with fifty troopers on your tail!  And for anyone who has read the first two books, these scenes alone are worth reading the third.<br /><br />As always, Ms. Stiefvater's writing is impeccable and maybe I'm just being grumpy about all the other stuff... maybe.The final fifty odd pages was like being in a getaway car with fifty troopers on your tail!  And for anyone who has read the first two books, these scenes alone are worth reading the third.    As always, Ms. Stiefvater's writing is impeccable and maybe I'm just being grumpy about all the other stuff... maybe.
B002S0OBMS|3.0|I'm not a fan of female soprano voices, so though Sierra Boggess has a beautiful voice, there are too many songs she sings on this CD for me. Ramin Karimloo is the real star of this play. His voice is fantastic with \\"Til I Hear You Sing\\" and \\"At The Performance\\" but wish the play included more songs for him. Would not have bought CD if I would have heard the music prior to ordering CD.
B002WY65UQ|4.0|Pretty good as a \\"brought up to date\\" version of the old St. Trinian's stories.  Certainly worth watching even without  the original Alistair Simm and George Cole characters, RIP.
B004WKOCP8|2.0|This album makes Jack Johnson sound like heavy metal by comparison. Way too soft and mellow for my taste. Like listening to A.M. Radio. What happened to the band that incorporated that distinctive and funky sound. Was hoping for S.C.I.E.N.C.E. Instead I got Snow Patrol.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|Its a really fun game the controls are easy to master and it has a very simple concept....just kill.  The only problem I've had is the game some times doesn't want to work when I try to start it on my htc evo
B0000DYKET|1.0|Mine is of very poor quality.  Had the sandals for just over a year.  Probably less than 5 months of use during Canadian summers.    Now the stitches are coming off in two locations [...]). I expected the sandals to last longer than than.
B0034G4P8U|2.0|This was suppose to be such a great movie and it fell very short of all the expectations I had.  I have been a huge fan of transformers since they came out in the early 80's.  It's sad to think this could be the end of them on the big screen.  I hope they redeem themselves by doing a 4th installment.  Bring in Hot Rod and Ultra Magnus from the original series.  I for one hope they don't end on such a poor film.  I was very disappointed!  As hard as that is to say.  It was really bad.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|The app will not open on the Thunderbolt. Avoid until the crashing issue is addressed. It's a poor effort on quality control, especially for fast devices such as mine. Avoid this.
B004WKOCP8|1.0|Call it \\"mature\\", whatever that means.<br />Call it innovative, about as innovative as a campfire song.<br />Call it what it really is Boring and stale.<br /><br />I have been a fan of Incubus for a long time, The intricate base lines, the intelligent lyrics, the word play. How many people here actually know what a crow left of the murder means?  Or the word that the name Ana Molly represents ?<br />The lyrics on Morning view, SCIENCE, ACLOTM, et al...awesome<br /><br />This is a boring sell out album that doesn't even strike an interest in Incubus at all.<br />At this point I wish that I had saved my money and got a 2nd hand (used)copy from a friend. Well actually a friend wouldn't unload this pitiful junk on another friend.<br />If this had been my first Incubus album it would have been my last. It WILL be my LAST pre-release purchase. Never again will I buy another Incubus album based on my previous love of their music.<br /><br />This is absolutely the most boring thing I've heard in years.<br /><br />This album and Lacuna Coil's Shallow Life are by far the 2 biggest disappointments ever.<br /><br />The production is slick and Brandon's vocals are extremely smooth and well pitched, but this album is Sooooooo boring.<br />Listened thru it the first time with rabid anticipation.<br /><br />Couldn't even suffer thru it the second time. It is already collecting dust on my \\"junk CD\\" shelf at the bottom. Maybe I'll try it again in a few months but this album is definitely not what I had hoped I was pre-ordering.<br /><br />I would like to write a true review, but to do so I would have to listen to this album again and at this point I am not willing to waste another chunk of my life on this album.<br />  Zero stars<br /><br />Update: refreshed after some sleep. Listened again:  As bad or worse than the first time: Still Zero stars.<br />2nd Update: Repeated lyrics and repeated chorus'. Gone are the rolling along lyrics and in your face comment chorus' that make Incubuswell...Incubus.<br />Couple the constant repeat of lyrics with the echo type filter on the microphone for some of the songs and well it's straight up pop radio that is more endearing with the sound turned off.<br />There are moments that you hear that make you say oh boy here it comes and then ....nothing.<br />It's like a sports car that's stuck in 1st gear...all that potential for nothing..there are one or two moments, and I do mean (short) moments that start to resemble Incubus but they quickly fizzle into a third or tenth repeat of the lyrics.<br /><br />The lyric \\"It's not who you were but who you are\\" Incubus who are you now ? Pop radio or dead and gone?<br /><br />Still zero stars.<br /><br />HAHA - This album is so bad the local CD shop won't even take it on trade-in credit....!! It's basically worthless...<br /><br />Now negative (-)1 stars<br /><br />Right at 2 weeks now re-listened in prime quality headphones in a quiet house with no Incubus exposure since. No SCIENCE or Morning View to cloud my palate.<br />It's still really boring, mundane, and unimaginative. It lacks even the \\"funk\\" of good jazz bands, definitely lacks the talent of previous Incubus efforts. Actually if a jazz band covered this and left out the lyrics it might be good but the jazz band would have to fill in a lot of gaps and they could as good jazz bands have that ability. Definitely a sad album, the end of Incubus.<br /><br />It's been over a year now.<br />I had not listened to this album not even once since writing this review, other Incubus albums yes, this one no. Having said that, I listened to it today to re-evaluate it and all I have to say is: This is THE WORST ALBUM THAT I OWN and I own several hundred albums of all genres...  I guess it really is the end of Incubus.<br /> Minus 5 stars.
0061689246|5.0|This book is a wonderful romantic fantasy spun by Neil Gaiman.  The story reads much like a classic fairy-tale, with a few twists.  Neil Gaiman introduces the reader to a bizarre fantasy world, where many wonderful characters live.  This book does get off to a slow start at the beginning; giving the account of the protagonist's birth, but it soon picks up steam, and takes off.  The quest that Tristran Thorne embarks on reads like a legend of old, with a bit of Neil Gaiman's modern touch added in.  One cannot help but root for Tristran, as he journeys out into the unknown in order to win the heart of the girl he loves.  While the outcome of the book is a bit predictable, there are plenty of surprises to keep the reader interested.  Stardust is not meant for younger children, it has a few racy scenes, and a couple instances of vulgar language, but it is a great read for adult fantasy lovers.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I had played this game on a friend's iPad and loved it, so you can imagine how excited I was when I saw it was available for Android. I was going to wait and see if it would turn up as a free app on Amazon one day, but I decided it was worth purchasing. I was a bit worried at first if it would work well on a smaller screen, but it ended up not being a problem. This game is adorable and super fun. I'm 21 years old and I love it but I think it could also be great for kids. Some levels are very easy, but some are pretty tricky. I really like how it gives you the option to skip the level if you can't figure it out. It keeps you from getting bored/frustrated with the game.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Pocket Pal is a pretty amazing thing for the price and size. I mostly use the ceramic sharpener to give a touch on kitchen knives, and my pocket knives. This thing always works. Highly recommend, travels with you no problem, and anyone knows how to use it, all three functions.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|I bought this bag at the end of 2010, I used it for my new T1i , and 3 lenses. I traveled with it from Boston to CA and then from CA to Chicago to Amman. It was holding T1i, kit lens, 250mm, 50mm, my old canon s3, kindle, ipod, manuals and I think a book. I know it wasn't built for all of this but I didn't have space :P  It's still working with no apparent damage. I think it's a very good deal for the price, as I remember it was the cheapest camera backpack.
B004XGN8W4|5.0|Our production company often travels for business and PSP, 3DS etc. is fine since hotel TVs tend to be older SD sets so I just got use to having to leave my favorite games like COD and Street fighter IV behind till I got home. We saw this screen running at E3 2011 and it was fantastic! I had mine on pre-order ever since we got back into the office and it just showed up today. Well built, holds my Xbox 360 pefectly, no overheating, it's great! I WAS looking at other HORI screens for around $250 but they just click on top of the system, they don't close up with into a case with a handle. This product is also great for those in the MLG and NEED to make sure they have an HD screen everywhere they go. I'll definately be keeping mine and using it for a long LONG time.... the only draw back is that the LED screen is a bit on the sharp side (hey GAEMS, please add sharpness control!) but it's still the best thing on the market.
1591795230|5.0|Another in my required reading list. This one took the cake in my opinion!! Bruce Lipton delivers the proof in this work that our thoughts and perceptions can and do change our cellular structure. If you had doubts about other works, perhaps less scientific and more touchy-feely, like things pertaining to the Law of Attraction, I hope you'll give this a read or a listen (available on Audio CD). Lipton shows exactly how it works. It's all about what you believe.
0375842209|5.0|I couldn't put this book down, it's a real tear jerker but I loved it. We read this book for book club and all 10 of us loved it! A must read!!
0691142165|5.0|This book is an excellent addition to my curent literature on the historical context for the Global Financial Crisis, causes and lessons learned.  It is a worthy addition to my personal library on this subject.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|if you are new to this game then this version  will be just fine. However after playing the pc version this port is sadly lacking. No zen garden and no endless mode for survival or vasebreaker really kills the replay ability of this version. once you have gathered all the achievements there is nothing left to do.  I really hope they update this
0062060554|5.0|I found this book to be a real \\"page turner,\\" thought about it during the day, and looked forward to when I could read it at night.  It kept me interested from the first page through to the finish.
0061784788|5.0|Let me just start off by saying that I love books by James Rollins.  Specifically, I love the books in his Sigma Series.  Having said that, I think that this book is one of the best in his Sigma Series.  Over the course of the series, you are introduced to characters who have pretty much reappeared throughout every one of the seven books.  What I especially love, is that no one character is the main focus of the novel where he/she single-handedly solves the worlds problems and holds off the evil foe.  Each of the main character's in this series has their specialty and individual talents and they use them to form one hell of a team.<br /><br />In the Devil Colony, James Rollins brings the Sigma team back to their home turf and as such the majority of the action takes place in the U.S.  In this novel, we get more of a look into the shadowy organization that has been a thorn in the side of Sigma and the U.S. intelligence community.  At the same time, Rollins provides a bit of history lesson on the founding of the U.S and ties a 200-year-old mystery to events happening in books modern setting.<br /><br />There is plenty of action, and intrigue, and the suspense is enough to keep you flipping from page to page to see how it all plays out.  Plus, I love all the various explanations and lessons that happen in the course of the story unravelling.  As someone who works with engineers and physicists on a daily basis, I wish they would explain things as clearly to me as it's done in the book.  The concepts are fairly advanced, but the way they are explained makes them relatively easy to understand on a fundamental level.<br /><br />One thing I was very pleased with is that the characters continue to develop and show hidden depths with each book in the series.  The way that Rollins' describes them and the situations that they are in, had me imagining that I was there as well watching everything unfold as it was happening.  I have yet to come across another series or author that combines action, adventure, suspense, mystery, history, and various other scientific concepts and principles in such a way that they are not leaving the reader either out of their depth or feeling like the author has dumbed down the concepts for them to understand.<br /><br />All in all, I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a well thought out book with plenty of suspense and intrigue.<br /><br />*This is number 7 in the Sigma Series of books.  While you can probably read them out-of-order, I wouldn't recommend it as there is a natural progression in both character development and overall series plot.*ure, suspense, mystery, history, and various other scientific concepts and principles in such a way that they are not leaving the reader either out of their depth or feeling like the author has dumbed down the concepts for them to understand.    All in all, I would recommend this book to anyone who loves a well thought out book with plenty of suspense and intrigue.    *This is number 7 in the Sigma Series of books.  While you can probably read them out-of-order, I wouldn't recommend it as there is a natural progression in both character development and overall series plot.*
0062020897|4.0|This was the second adventure into a Follet work and it has a delightful story line, but not a whole lot of suspense. There is action from time to time as the British Secret service attempts to locate German spies during the beginning of World War II. They concentrate on a particularly good spy who leaves no witnesses and is continuously moving on. His mission is to check out the massing of a military force for use on D-Day. He finds the location of the base and discovers that the military force is a fake. He takes pictures and then tries to get out of England to show Hitler the deception that is being run by the Americans and the British. Now starts the main body of the book, the chase of the spy after the British learn he has taken pictures of their fake army base.     The book starts off slowly as the characters are developed and placed into their roles. Once the main story line is developed the scenes become action filled and move quite rapidly through the adventure. At several points the reader is tempted to keep turning the pages to find out if the spy gets away or if the British close in and get him. There are great bits of police work by the British in tracking the spy to a lonely island where the spy is taken in as a ship wrecked sailor. The island only has four inhabitants and a short wave radio which the spy needs to contact a U-Boat to pick him up. While on the island the British finally locate the spy, but a massive storm makes it impossible to get to the island. One of the island's inhabitants, the wife of a crippled man figures out who their guest really is and tries to get to the radio to alert the authorities. The spy kills the husband and later an elderly sheep herder, leaving only the now widow and her seven year old son to oppose him. The wife does quite a job of it and... well the reader will have to finish reading the book to learn the ending.     The book is a good read, but has some dry reading moments. Some of the story line seems not to always fit or is missing some continuity. The ending is interesting though. Overall, this work would be worth your time to pick up a copy and read.
0062060554|2.0|I was unable to read the entire story because it became depressing as you read this woman's dysfunctional tale as she struggles to learn every detail of her life.  The memory loss angle reminded me of the film 50 First Dates and I hoped this story would have some of that same romantic/tender theme that the film involved, it did not.  The memory loss research is interesting in the story, but it's really creepy how the truth unravels.  This book also has nudity and sexuality that is unnecessary for the plot yet included so that the reader knows what the woman is thinking through every encounter and memory.  Her life is incomplete and filled with loss, disappointment, and deception that she consistently wants to figure out and resolve.  I enjoyed the book format because it's a journal and the reader can follow along easily enough, but it's not so much the thriller I expected it to be.  There is no villain in this story, it's sitting through as the woman discovers what her life journey has been and very little of it is positive or enjoyable.  Like I said, I didn't finish the story but I read enough to learn this much.  Don't read this story if you're uncomfortable with drug use, slight profanity, some sexuality, infidelity, or suicidal tendencies within the narration.  They are not graphic displays within the plot, but they are included as the woman gets her memory back.  I have learned to stop reading books if they don't satisfy me, this one failed to do so but I'm glad to see that others are enjoying it.
B004XOGLBQ|4.0|I love Eddie Vedder, his song writing, his passion... and I really do enjoy this album.  However, it's something you can't just sit down and listen to from beginning to end.  It just seems to get to be too much Ukelele.  I've enjoyed all the songs, but just in little spurts!  Still a great album :)
B002ZG975Q|1.0|I saw this movie last night when I was on a plane and I couldn't wait for the plane to land so I can write a review.  The only possible positive regarding this movie is that it proves that everything and anything is possible in this life, including the making and releasing of this dire movie.  Watching this movie also brought to my attention that airplanes nowadays don't carry vomit bags.  The plot was nauseating and quite possibly created by an elementary school drop-out with a Beauty and the Beast fixation.  Maybe the movie would have been saved if it had decent acting, humor, drama, effects, witty dialogue or anything that would remotely be considered art or entertainment.  Unfortunately, this movie had nothing to offer other than childish dialogue and a premise that would make any movie starring Rob Schneider a classic.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Can't comment on the game itself since I can't play it - it won't install on my Sprint EVO phone, keeps saying there was an error. :(
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Call this Drama II if you will, well, maybe not, but because it's another lead singer and doing another album I figured that's a good title. Well, the bashing has already begun as I knew it would from rabid Yes fans who just can't do without Jon Anderson on vocals. To be honest, not everything he has sung with Yes is five star either so to give this a bomb of a review based on that is totally unfair. How many bands have enlisted other lead singers over the years and based on that these groups wouldn't have been - Asia without John Wetton, Bad Company without Paul Rodgers, Foreigner without Lou Gramm, Genesis without Peter Gabriel, Journey without Steve Perry, Marillion without Fish, Spock's Beard without Neal Morse, Van Halen without David Lee Roth. You get my point, bands change over the years, band members come and they go. So, the morbid fascination with one particular member and not letting it go - boring. For this album, great release. You have to go into this open minded and not expect a Jon Anderson release, period. If you can past that and just listen to it on its own merits then it's a great listen. Benoit David does a great job and although he doesn't hit the high notes like Anderson (much like every lead singer after Steve Perry can't hit them either) he still delivers a great album. Everyone is going to pick this album apart and want to hear 'Tales' or 'Relayer' or 'Fragile'. Well, if that's what you're looking for don't bother with this release and pop those others into your player and keep listening to them over and over and over, again. Being familiar with Benoit David from his other group 'Mystery' I can say I enjoy this album. The opening track is great (although I wish they would have made it one track instead of several - but I Tunes lets you join the tracks so I can listen to it in its entirety in my mix) and I find nothing wrong with it and it's the centerpiece to the album. If you like this release check out Benoit David's other releases with 'Mystery' entitled 'Beneath the Veil of Winter's Face' and their latest 'One Among the Living'. With so much garbage out there today in the music industry how can anyone complain about this and there isn't any way it deserves a one star rating. I give it between 4 and 5 stars and do really wish they would have clocked it up to the 80 minute mark which shouldn't have been difficult to do, especially after having to wait 10 years for new music from this supergroup.Mystery' entitled 'Beneath the Veil of Winter's Face' and their latest 'One Among the Living'. With so much garbage out there today in the music industry how can anyone complain about this and there isn't any way it deserves a one star rating. I give it between 4 and 5 stars and do really wish they would have clocked it up to the 80 minute mark which shouldn't have been difficult to do, especially after having to wait 10 years for new music from this supergroup.
B004WOJ6XC|5.0|Wow, Rhapsody has done it again ! two back to back great albums, first last years \\"Frozen Tears\\" showed them roar back with a vengeance after a long legal hiatus, they must really have a fire in their belly because \\"From Chaos..\\" is perhaps even better and I thought Frozen Tears was their best since Power of the Dragonflame way back in 02'.  This is probably their most bombastic album yet, with heavy \\"death metal\\" accentuation, but not overpowering, just enough to take their neo-classical brilliance up to the next notch of heavyness. Their greatest use of Italian language songs, yet they all work well.  The one \\"balladish\\" song is not as good as the ballad on Frozen Tears, but the rest of the songs make up for this shortfall by overdelivering in the aggression department. They end the Saga with the epic 20 min \\"waterfall kingdom\\" piece, my only gripe here is that the song gets bogged down a bit with the overuse of narration, even if it is the great Christopher Lee.  Bottom Line: this will be one of the best releases of 2011, just like their last was one of the best of 2010, this is perhaps the heaviest, most catchy , hooky riff and chorus album of their career, perhaps not as evenhanded as Frozen Tears but more memorable in the melodies.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|Call this Drama II if you will, well, maybe not, but because it's another lead singer and doing another album I figured that's a good title.  Well, the bashing has already begun as I knew it would from rabid Yes fans who just can't do without Jon Anderson on vocals.  To be honest, not everything he has sung with Yes is five star either so to give this a bomb of a review based on that is totally unfair.  How many bands have enlisted other lead singers over the years and based on that these groups wouldn't have been - Asia without John Wetton, Bad Company without Paul Rodgers, Foreigner without Lou Gramm, Genesis without Peter Gabriel, Journey without Steve Perry, Marillion without Fish, Spock's Beard without Neal Morse, Van Halen without David Lee Roth.  You get my point, bands change over the years, band members come and they go.  So, the morbid fascination with one particular member and not letting it go - boring.  For this album, great release.  You have to go into this open minded and not expect a Jon Anderson release, period.  If you can past that and just listen to it on its own merits then it's a great listen.  Benoit David does a great job and although he doesn't hit the high notes like Anderson (much like every lead singer after Steve Perry can't hit them either) he still delivers a great album.  Everyone is going to pick this album apart and want to hear 'Tales' or 'Relayer' or 'Fragile'.  Well, if that's what you're looking for don't bother with this release and pop those others into your player and keep listening to them over and over and over, again.  Being familiar with Benoit David from his other group 'Mystery' I can say I enjoy this album.  The opening track is great (although I wish they would have made it one track instead of several - but I Tunes lets you join the tracks so I can listen to it in its entirety in my mix) and I find nothing wrong with it and it's the centerpiece to the album.  If you like this release check out Benoit David's other releases with 'Mystery' entitled 'Beneath the Veil of Winter's Face' and their latest 'One Among the Living'.  With so much garbage out there today in the music industry how can anyone complain about this and there isn't any way it deserves a one star rating.  I give it between 4 and 5 stars and do really wish they would have clocked it up to the 80 minute mark which shouldn't have been difficult to do, especially after having to wait 10 years for new music from this supergroup.eleases with 'Mystery' entitled 'Beneath the Veil of Winter's Face' and their latest 'One Among the Living'.  With so much garbage out there today in the music industry how can anyone complain about this and there isn't any way it deserves a one star rating.  I give it between 4 and 5 stars and do really wish they would have clocked it up to the 80 minute mark which shouldn't have been difficult to do, especially after having to wait 10 years for new music from this supergroup.
0345529057|1.0|Still on the first book.  Very absorbing and all.  But this particular printing - the physical book itself - is ridiculously poor quality.  Without even breaking the binding, individual pages came loose and fell out!  The entire cover came off completely, and the binding broke in half.  A brand new paperback - pages falling out?!? Totally unacceptable quality.
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This is my third time attempting calculus 2. Have been using this app to check my solutions. Thank you amazon for giving away this app, though it's definitely worth the price
B004WKOCP8|3.0|For Incubus' sixth studio album, Brandon Boyd and friends have posed the question, \\"If Not Now, When?\\" to which I have the answer: later. It's been five years since \\"Light Grenades\\" and as desperate and longful as I was for another album, had I known that \\"If Not Now, When?\\" would be the album meant to quench that thirst, I would have been perfectly fine with the band taking another five years to craft their sixth record.<br /><br />Brandon Boyd, one of the best vocalists/lyricists of alternative rock (PERIOD), did his fans right to warn them of the forthcoming \\"change\\" and as much as I appreciate his warning of a tornado heading our way, it would have been nice to have known that that tornado was going to be a category F-5. Boyd wasn't kidding when he described \\"If Not Now, When?\\" as \\"darker\\" and \\"slower\\" because it is and unrelentingly so.<br /><br />The album kicks off with the title track, which constantly sounds like it's building up to something more epic than what's actually reached (a problem shared with the majority of the record). The journey to the chorus is promising, but once you get there, it's underwhelming. Still, decent opener.<br /><br />\\"Promises, Promises\\" was a track I favored more when covered by wanna-be Incubus musicians (a contest was developed by Incubus for the best cover to win a chance to perform with them live), but after several listens, I was eventually won over by the catchiness of its pop.<br /><br />\\"Friends and Lovers\\" is the band's romantic ballad and probably the best \\"slow\\" track of the record. It's the only song on the album to generate any sort of reaction, connection, or feeling.<br /><br />\\"Thieves\\" and \\"Isadore\\" have their moments- instances hint towards wanting to evolve into harder rock anthems, but instead opt for monotone continuations of the same beat. The songs are in limbo and so are we.<br /><br />\\"The Original\\" is one of the only songs on the album that seems to achieve its own goal of sounding and feeling chill... until the last minute or so that is, when every single instrument played by the band goes off all at once like an empty stomach in protest.<br /><br />\\"Defiance,\\" an acoustic number, is a highlight, but too short-lived to redeem the mistake that follows on track 8. \\"In the Company of Wolves,\\" a two-parter, starts off sounding churchy and slowly evolves into some kind of rapist Pink Panther theme that's probably one of the more unpleasant sounds I've heard from any band in recent memory.<br /><br />Thank God for \\"Adolescents,\\" which truly rescues the album from being a complete disaster. It's vintage Incubus, which can be haunting to hear on an album filled with such alien blandness, but a newer version of an older sound that is very much missed.<br /><br />The album closes with \\"Tomorrow's Food,\\" which I'm sad to report is \\"the day after tomorrow's crap.\\" It went in one ear and out the other and I don't think I'll be giving it another chance to do so again.<br /><br />There's nothing wrong with a \\"slower\\" Incubus album because it's not like they don't do \\"slow\\" well. They do. \\"Mexico,\\" \\"Monuments and Melodies,\\" \\"Talk Show on Mute,\\" \\"Aqueous Transmission\\" are all slow and rank amongst the best of what the band has to offer, but there's something about this album that feels caged-in and stripped. Gone is the psychedelic space rock, the experimental use of instruments, the groove that once separated the band from the rest of what's out there. Now they are what's out there and even though it's the change Boyd promised, it's also a step taken backwards.<br /><br />It pains me to say this, but for the first time ever Incubus has made a frustratingly bland album.<br />GRADE: C+very single instrument played by the band goes off all at once like an empty stomach in protest.    \\"Defiance,\\" an acoustic number, is a highlight, but too short-lived to redeem the mistake that follows on track 8. \\"In the Company of Wolves,\\" a two-parter, starts off sounding churchy and slowly evolves into some kind of rapist Pink Panther theme that's probably one of the more unpleasant sounds I've heard from any band in recent memory.    Thank God for \\"Adolescents,\\" which truly rescues the album from being a complete disaster. It's vintage Incubus, which can be haunting to hear on an album filled with such alien blandness, but a newer version of an older sound that is very much missed.    The album closes with \\"Tomorrow's Food,\\" which I'm sad to report is \\"the day after tomorrow's crap.\\" It went in one ear and out the other and I don't think I'll be giving it another chance to do so again.    There's nothing wrong with a \\"slower\\" Incubus album because it's not like they don't do \\"slow\\" well. They do. \\"Mexico,\\" \\"Monuments and Melodies,\\" \\"Talk Show on Mute,\\" \\"Aqueous Transmission\\" are all slow and rank amongst the best of what the band has to offer, but there's something about this album that feels caged-in and stripped. Gone is the psychedelic space rock, the experimental use of instruments, the groove that once separated the band from the rest of what's out there. Now they are what's out there and even though it's the change Boyd promised, it's also a step taken backwards.     It pains me to say this, but for the first time ever Incubus has made a frustratingly bland album.   GRADE: C+
B0015AARJI|5.0|I have bad luck with remotes and did not want to pay $60 for another one. The price has come down a lot, I tried buying most of the cheaper knock off brands and they are not worth a penny. Sony's are a little more money, but worth it.
B0052UZIFA|2.0|This game, as is obvious by its popularity across platforms, is fun to play.  However, the Android version is rendered basically unplayable by memory issues and crashes.  It seems to crash my Samsung Epic 4G roughly every third round during game play.  Also frustrating is the fact that it refuses to retain settings for sound and music, necessitating a readjustment each time you open the game.  Coupled with the fact that it recently lost all saved progress, I'll probably be uninstalling this until significant updates fix the issues.
0857207113|5.0|Jaycee Dugaard's nightmare began when she was abducted while walking up a hill to her school bus on June 10, 1991, when she was 11 years old. It ended when her abductors, Phillip and Nancy Garrido, were asked eighteen years later to attend a parole meeting August 26, 2009, after two UC Berkeley's campus officers became suspicious of Garrido when he appeared on campus with Jaycee's young daughters. Their unusual behavior sparked an investigation that led to the positive identification of Jaycee Lee Dugard, living in a tent behind Garrido's home.<br /><br /> \\"A  Stolen Life\\" is Jaycee Dugard's story of how she, beginning at the age of eleven and in isolation, confronted eighteen years of evil by doing what she had to do to survive mentally and emotionally. She found ways to save herself and to deal with her aloneness with memories (her mother's face), symbols (a bright moon which was oft shared with her mom), a commitment to two children sired by her deranged, porn and drug addicted, sex offender captor (no one will hurt these children, they are mine), dreams of a better future (detailed in her hidden journal), love, and hope.<br /><br />\\"A Stolen Life\\" is told with unflinching detail. Readers will be unnerved by the failure of a Justice system designed to prevent predators like Garrido from abusing our children, and enraged by what the Garrido's did to Jaycee - losing her life and identity (she could not say or write her name but had to use a given name, Allisa) - and to her mother - who never lost hope. Jaycee can still hear the lock of the door of the soundproofed building she was forced to live in behind the Garrido's house and the squeaky bed on which she was repeatedly raped by Garrido - \\"the demon angels let him take her so he could cure his sexual problems. Society had ignored him. Now, he did not have to go out and molest other little girls.\\" The sounds and smells of her existence don't leave...they continue to haunt her<br /><br />Jaycee says her greatest fear was uncertainty, not knowing what was going to happen next. Garrido threatened more things would happen if she did not behave. She was ever sure what more was. She promised to \\"do it\\" better, to be good. Unknown of the future was more terrifying than what she had to do.<br /><br />Jaycee wrote the book to provide a precise account of ordeals inflicted on her by the Garridos with the hope that her story might help people facing difficult situations that they can endure and survive; and to share what victims of sex offenders feel and let other victims know that the shame is not theirs. Another goal was to inspire people get their head out of the sand and to speak out when they see something amiss. Finally, she wrote this for judges, prosecutors and law enforcement officials whose job is to protect the public from people like Phillip and Nancy Garrido.<br /><br />\\"A Stolen Life\\" is a courageous book and may prove to be the 9/11 for how the justice system monitors sex molesters after release from prison.knowing what was going to happen next. Garrido threatened more things would happen if she did not behave. She was ever sure what more was. She promised to \\"do it\\" better, to be good. Unknown of the future was more terrifying than what she had to do.    Jaycee wrote the book to provide a precise account of ordeals inflicted on her by the Garridos with the hope that her story might help people facing difficult situations that they can endure and survive; and to share what victims of sex offenders feel and let other victims know that the shame is not theirs. Another goal was to inspire people get their head out of the sand and to speak out when they see something amiss. Finally, she wrote this for judges, prosecutors and law enforcement officials whose job is to protect the public from people like Phillip and Nancy Garrido.     \\"A Stolen Life\\" is a courageous book and may prove to be the 9/11 for how the justice system monitors sex molesters after release from prison.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|Let me begin by offering unadulterated praise for everyone involved with the making of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2, the last film of the highly-successful Harry Potter franchise. One can not critique this movie with anything but praise for the filmmaking of the last Harry Potter film is the reason we all fell in love with Harry Potter books to begin with - it's pure magic.     The technology for creating movies was invented for the purpose of taking written stories and setting them not simply into images, but breathing life into them. Moving pictures should not only move on the screen, but move the viewer into action. During the screening of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2, people applauded, laughed, screamed, stomped, and cried (or at least got misty eyed).     Seeing this film in 3D added to the feeling of being in the movie, being a part of the tremendously rich and complex Wizarding World originally created by J.K. Rowling.     Simply put, this film is thrilling to watch and causes awe upon the viewing of it. The battle scenes in the last 30-35 minutes of the movie are some of the best action/adventure sequences I have ever seen on screen.    The art direction is impeccable. Every scene is done with class and style. Particularly impressive, are the scenes that contain material that can't be seen - an invisibility cloak, protective charms, etc. The special effects are probably the best in the series. As has been the case with special effects in the past Harry Potter films - from house elves to dementors to dragons - this film has plenty of surreal CGI. In HP8, your mind will not be able to believe your eyes - the CGI effects look real and, in 3D, they actually feel real too. It is safe to say that HP8 captures the menagerie of CGI creatures from all previous films, adds several new ones, and perfects all effects.    The cinematography by Eduardo Serra is fantastic. It is better than even in the last Deathly Hallows film.    The soundtrack is once again by Alexandre Desplat, who scored the first Deathly Hallows film. And what a difference his eerie take is from his predecessors - Nicholas Hooper, Patrick Doyle, and John Williams. The music is like a fourth dimension of the film and enriches the film tremendously.     The script, as six of the others in the franchise, was written by Steve Kloves, and he makes sure that the spirit of the books lives in the film. The script gives a few hints as to the events of the previous seven movies, but obviously, can not serve as a cliff notes version of all the events. I suggest reacquainting oneself with the broad strokes of the book before heading to the theater for the latest in this franchise.     Sure, several creative licenses were taken for this film as is the case for any film ever made. Personally, I'd rather have seen the book's epilogue (coda) as an after-the-credits bit, instead of as part of the movie; overall though, I'd like to say that the film is impressive in its scope.     Where the HP franchise has always struggled, in my opinion, has been the acting. The adult actors have always been extraordinary, which should come as no surprise since the list of actors is a who's who in British cinema - Alan Rickman, Dame Maggie Smith, Ralph Fiennes, Helena Bonham Carter, Jim Broadbent, Gemma Jones, Emma Thompson, Gary Oldman, David Thewlis, Julie Walters, John Hurt, and Jason Isaacs. The latest recruit to this excellent company is Kelly Macdonald, who whimsically plays the ghost of Helena Ravenclaw. While the adults have always been pitch perfect in their portrayals of the roles (except for Michael Gambon's portrayal of Dumbledore, which he graciously amended once the fans complained), the child actors have struggled with their parts.    Therefore, it has always seemed unfair that the majority of screen time was devoted to the trio of young stars who first got cast simply because they bore a likeness to their characters. The trio - Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint - have struggled to up the ante on their acting over the years, but it seems that they have finally figured out a successful formula for their craft. These three actors are still out-acted by the supporting actors in their midst, but at least it is no longer a ridiculous noticeable divide. This is as it should be - just as their characters have closed the magical ability divide with their teachers and parents, so too have the younger actors learned to stand their ground.    In the end, and this is surely the end of one of the most successful children's film franchise of our time, I would recommend not only watching this film, but watching this film on a big screen. It's a movie that would appeal to anyone who likes thrillers, dramas, fantasy, action, adventure, family films but, above all, being entertained in the theater.
B005C46PLW|5.0|Jaycee Dugaard's nightmare began when she was abducted while walking up a hill to her school bus on June 10, 1991, when she was 11 years old. It ended when her abductors, Phillip and Nancy Garrido, were asked eighteen years later to attend a parole meeting August 26, 2009, after two UC Berkeley's campus officers became suspicious of Garrido when he appeared on campus with Jaycee's young daughters. Their unusual behavior sparked an investigation that led to the positive identification of Jaycee Lee Dugard, living in a tent behind Garrido's home.<br /><br /> \\"A  Stolen Life\\" is Jaycee Dugard's story of how she, beginning at the age of eleven and in isolation, confronted eighteen years of evil by doing what she had to do to survive mentally and emotionally. She found ways to save herself and to deal with her aloneness with memories (her mother's face), symbols (a bright moon which was oft shared with her mom), a commitment to two children sired by her deranged, porn and drug addicted, sex offender captor (no one will hurt these children, they are mine), dreams of a better future (detailed in her hidden journal), love, and hope.<br /><br />\\"A Stolen Life\\" is told with unflinching detail. Readers will be unnerved by the failure of a Justice system designed to prevent predators like Garrido from abusing our children, and enraged by what the Garrido's did to Jaycee - losing her life and identity (she could not say or write her name but had to use a given name, Allisa) - and to her mother - who never lost hope. Jaycee can still hear the lock of the door of the soundproofed building she was forced to live in behind the Garrido's house and the squeaky bed on which she was repeatedly raped by Garrido - \\"the demon angels let him take her so he could cure his sexual problems. Society had ignored him. Now, he did not have to go out and molest other little girls.\\" The sounds and smells of her existence don't leave...they continue to haunt her<br /><br />Jaycee says her greatest fear was uncertainty, not knowing what was going to happen next. Garrido threatened more things would happen if she did not behave. She was ever sure what more was. She promised to \\"do it\\" better, to be good. Unknown of the future was more terrifying than what she had to do.<br /><br />Jaycee wrote the book to provide a precise account of ordeals inflicted on her by the Garridos with the hope that her story might help people facing difficult situations that they can endure and survive; and to share what victims of sex offenders feel and let other victims know that the shame is not theirs. Another goal was to inspire people get their head out of the sand and to speak out when they see something amiss. Finally, she wrote this for judges, prosecutors and law enforcement officials whose job is to protect the public from people like Phillip and Nancy Garrido.<br /><br />\\"A Stolen Life\\" is a courageous book and may prove to be the 9/11 for how the justice system monitors sex molesters after release from prison.knowing what was going to happen next. Garrido threatened more things would happen if she did not behave. She was ever sure what more was. She promised to \\"do it\\" better, to be good. Unknown of the future was more terrifying than what she had to do.    Jaycee wrote the book to provide a precise account of ordeals inflicted on her by the Garridos with the hope that her story might help people facing difficult situations that they can endure and survive; and to share what victims of sex offenders feel and let other victims know that the shame is not theirs. Another goal was to inspire people get their head out of the sand and to speak out when they see something amiss. Finally, she wrote this for judges, prosecutors and law enforcement officials whose job is to protect the public from people like Phillip and Nancy Garrido.     \\"A Stolen Life\\" is a courageous book and may prove to be the 9/11 for how the justice system monitors sex molesters after release from prison.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This reminds me of the care and quality that went into world of goo. Nice feel to the game well thought out. No ads when you pay (take note angry birds)
1451629184|5.0|Jaycee Dugaard's nightmare began when she was abducted while walking up a hill to her school bus on June 10, 1991, when she was 11 years old. It ended when her abductors, Phillip and Nancy Garrido, were asked eighteen years later to attend a parole meeting August 26, 2009, after two UC Berkeley's campus officers became suspicious of Garrido when he appeared on campus with Jaycee's young daughters. Their unusual behavior sparked an investigation that led to the positive identification of Jaycee Lee Dugard, living in a tent behind Garrido's home.<br /><br /> \\"A  Stolen Life\\" is Jaycee Dugard's story of how she, beginning at the age of eleven and in isolation, confronted eighteen years of evil by doing what she had to do to survive mentally and emotionally. She found ways to save herself and to deal with her aloneness with memories (her mother's face), symbols (a bright moon which was oft shared with her mom), a commitment to two children sired by her deranged, porn and drug addicted, sex offender captor (no one will hurt these children, they are mine), dreams of a better future (detailed in her hidden journal), love, and hope.<br /><br />\\"A Stolen Life\\" is told with unflinching detail. Readers will be unnerved by the failure of a Justice system designed to prevent predators like Garrido from abusing our children, and enraged by what the Garrido's did to Jaycee - losing her life and identity (she could not say or write her name but had to use a given name, Allisa) - and to her mother - who never lost hope. Jaycee can still hear the lock of the door of the soundproofed building she was forced to live in behind the Garrido's house and the squeaky bed on which she was repeatedly raped by Garrido - \\"the demon angels let him take her so he could cure his sexual problems. Society had ignored him. Now, he did not have to go out and molest other little girls.\\" The sounds and smells of her existence don't leave...they continue to haunt her<br /><br />Jaycee says her greatest fear was uncertainty, not knowing what was going to happen next. Garrido threatened `more' things would happen if she did not behave. She was never sure what `more' was. She promised to \\"do it\\" better, to be good. Unknown of the future was more terrifying than what she had to do.<br /><br />Jaycee wrote the book to provide a precise account of ordeals inflicted on her by the Garridos with the hope that her story might help people facing difficult situations that they can endure and survive; and to share what victims of sex offenders feel and let other victims know that the shame is not theirs. Another goal was to inspire people get their head out of the sand and to speak out when they see something amiss. Finally, she wrote this for judges, prosecutors and law enforcement officials whose job is to protect the public from people like Phillip and Nancy Garrido.<br /><br />\\"A Stolen Life\\" is a courageous book and may prove to be the 9/11 for how the justice system monitors sex molesters after release from prison.knowing what was going to happen next. Garrido threatened `more' things would happen if she did not behave. She was never sure what `more' was. She promised to \\"do it\\" better, to be good. Unknown of the future was more terrifying than what she had to do.    Jaycee wrote the book to provide a precise account of ordeals inflicted on her by the Garridos with the hope that her story might help people facing difficult situations that they can endure and survive; and to share what victims of sex offenders feel and let other victims know that the shame is not theirs. Another goal was to inspire people get their head out of the sand and to speak out when they see something amiss. Finally, she wrote this for judges, prosecutors and law enforcement officials whose job is to protect the public from people like Phillip and Nancy Garrido.     \\"A Stolen Life\\" is a courageous book and may prove to be the 9/11 for how the justice system monitors sex molesters after release from prison.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|This is a paid app. Why is an internet connection required to play the third level of &quot;Summer&quot;. Can't play on a plane or when traveling. You know, the times you actually have time to play. Roxio and the angry birds titles just stepped another notch down.
0345528581|4.0|After reading many through the years, looking for inspiration, and common-sense advice and techniques, I really think I've found it. All the best from gym class calisthenics to yoga to whatever else works the most efficiently, this is a very comprehensive group of exercises that will work every muscle in your body to its fullest potential. With variations for any and every fitness level, from most unfit beginner to world-class athlete, you can't find a level he doesn't cover. He explains, briefly and concisely, the reasoning behind the exercise, the muscle/muscle groups it works, and how to start out and then build up, with very simple routines that are less time consuming than you can imagine (though intense!). I want to emphasize that you can't be unfit enough not to be able to start out with his program, but neither can you be beyond the level of fitness of the exercises he uses. I'm a 40-something woman who's been a secretary and let herself go for more years than I care to count, who has started more programs than I care to remember but never stuck with them more than a couple of weeks, and my son is a 20-something fitness buff who works out all the time, but we both love this book and feel it is totally comprehensive. My son has begun to use these exercise more and more exclusively (they work all the muscles he has been working and then some) and I began them when I bought the book several weeks back. I've not been as diligent as I'd like (been on vacation and just plain lazy), but I've still gained noticeable muscle tone/definition (woohoo!) and strength. Hands down the most results I've ever had from a new program - the kind of results that will make me stick with it!  The organization of the workouts/exercises isn't as concise as I'd like to have it be (for ease of use when getting started a routine) so if he updates to improve that aspect I will buy the updated copy.
B004SBX112|1.0|Ridiculous. Rovio is selling an ad free version but still including ads? Sure its just a buck but what about consumer protections.
B004EPYZUI|2.0|Luckily i was able to view this movie without paying for it...glad i did.<br />There is nothing in this movie that will make me want to see it again.<br />Some good effects...but tied to a story that's not that good...maybe good for<br />young adults and kids but for the rest of us its sure ain't a piece of art.<br />You get tired real fast of a bunch of kids easily killing everything that comes<br />at them...even if its not real...its not that entertaining...
B004Y1USV2|5.0|This album has greatness written all thru it! Every listen and it sounds better and better. Yes has had many changes in their line up thru out the years and this line up works. Excellent songs, excellent production, equals an excellent album. Buy it now!
B003AQBYUG|5.0|...shipped the US for $32.50 (thirty-two fifty, in case amazon censors prices) total.  sure it will take a few weeks but who cares, that deal is amazing.  yes the cover has that little \\"18 plus\\" insignia but whatever.  the actual disc content is identical to the US version and will play on US Blu-Ray players (it is region free).
B000W8OM5Y|3.0|The quality of DVD looks acceptable. Not a very sharp quality DVD. It seems like we are still watching this movie on a cassette. The price was good but quality ok.
0788861948|4.0|I received my purchase sooner then I expected. Thank you so much. However the plastic case was broken the DVD had a deep scratch on it. As long as the DVD is playable I am happy with it.
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|AMC is already home to two of the most critically acclaimed and popular series on television (Mad Men, Breaking Bad) but the network's latest addtion may be its finest yet.  The Walking Dead is an invigorating update of the zombie/apocolypse genre adapted from the graphic novel series created by Robert Kirkman.  Don't worry though, you don't have to have read any of the comics in order to appreciate this gripping and emotionally charged drama.  Chances are that The Walking Dead will appeal to fans of zombie flicks as well as fans of great television.<br /><br />Produced by Frank Darabont (The Shawshank Redemption, The Green Mile) The Walking Dead's six episode freshman season follows a group of survivors in the wake of a world wide viral breakout that has turned its victims into an army of mindless, flesh craving corpses referred to as \\"walkers\\".  The series follows the small but closely knit group as they struggle to stay alive and find any sign of hope for the future of the human race.  The action is often gory and wince inducing, and Darabont and his creative team have constructed an excellent milieu of desolation and decay--particularly when the action shifts to the streets of Atlanta.  But what keeps you watching and coming back for more is the human element.  Each of the characters is painfully human with shortcomings and fears aplenty.  Viewers will likely find themselves at turns aggravated and inspired by the selfish and selfless actions of the cast.<br /><br />There may only be six installments of this first season, but that is more than enough time for The Walking Dead to develop into a fully realized drama with complex characters, gripping suspense and a undeniable sense of dread.  The season finale in which the survivors take refuge inside the CDC in Atlanta is a telling example of just how dire things are and how steeply the chips are stacked against them.  The will to survive may be the only thing that keeps them moving forward.  And what are they moving towards?  We'll have to wait for season two for answers to that question.  Let the countdown begin.We'll have to wait for season two for answers to that question.  Let the countdown begin.
B003LAH7MU|5.0|I discovered Sting when I head If on a Winter's Night, which I loved, so I decided to buy this album as well. Great compilation. I hadn't heard the original versions of the songs included in this album, but when I did and I compared them with the symphonicities versions, I liked the symphonicities versions way more!
B004LWZWEC|5.0|I seen this film originally as it was released for the U.S.movie theatres in 1982. And this is the closet thing you can get to the original 35mm film it was shot in. The film was released I think sometime in February of 1982 and was set for quadrophonic sound. As an avid Bon Scott fan since 1978, I waited 4 years for the video to be released on VHS in 1986. Since than I have owned the late 90's VHS re-release, burned copies of the VHS to DVD+R and I have seen this film 100's of times. It never gets boring and out of all the live recordings of Bon Scott this is the best because it is the most complete concert/documentary of a complete show (Minus T.N.T.) that captures the era of 80's hard rock and roll as it was in the time period, it is almost as if you are there and with the Blu-Ray, there is no better format for watching it over and over again. As a true Bon Scott fan this is something I had to have in my collection. The odd thing, the other day on July 9th (Bon Scott's Birthday) I completely out of the blue had a friend over to watch the DVD. Forgeting it was his birthday, it was really a surprise later that day when I discovered it was his B-day. Was Bon trying to tell me something?
0679805273|5.0|This book is as good as I remember it!  This particular edition came with a dust jacket that sparkled and was called the \\"party edition.\\"  I don't really understand what makes it a \\"party edition,\\" but the speech inside is still excellent.  (The hardcover underneath the dust jacket does not sparkle.)
B004WKOCP8|3.0|I have listened to this disk about 10 times over the last 3-4 days...initially I thought it was a mistake...that my pre-release copy wasn't mixed and maybe they just hadn't put the guitar tracks in yet.    Brandon goes to art school, Mike goes to Harvard, the band takes a 5 year break to make what sounds like a good movie soundtrack.  Something that is supposed to sound good but not take your attention off the movie.  You listen to this disk waiting for the movie to start...what's it building up to...where is this going.  The only problem is the answer is no where.      As a movie soundtrack is would be great - it sounds good - but it doesn't go anywhere - it is good background music.  No pounding drum, no rolling bass, no mad scientist Mike on guitar - just a heck of a lot of Brandon and some background samples.  This album has about as much passion as kissing your Aunt Margie.  It's not wrong (unless you tried to slip her the tongue) but it doesn't stir you inside.  It sounds calculated, safe, and over produced.  Perfect pop music...a perfect movie soundtrack.      Average at best.  Look on the bright side - this album makes Light Grenades look better...
B004EPZ084|5.0|In first part of film you get to see the working place of three friends and the horrible types of bosses in each one.  Then their scheme to get rid of these terrible bosses is what get really good.  In the theater where I saw the film people were laughing their heads off. I heard one group of \\"older\\" young adults (not teens, much older than that) laughing and repeating the lines and gags all after and during the closing credits and even staying till the very end of those enjoying themselves repeating the funny moments.  I also heard them say they couldn't wait to see the film again.<br /><br />I loved Kevin Spacey's portrayal of terribe brutal dictatorial boss.  Someone you really wanted to hate. I was entertained by Jennifer Anniston's portrayal of a DDS always sexually harrassing her male assistant who was engaged to be married soon. Colin Farrel as the cokehead and playbay son of the one beloved boss in the group (soon to take over the company should anything happen to Kiefer Sutherland, his dad) really good too.  I didn't recognize him until the crdits revealed him as he looked so different.<br /><br />Although I am now retired after 37 years of working on same job under an assortment of bosses, I found it very funny and a lot of fun.  Of course, pure fantasy, but so many crazy things kept happening it was much better than I thought it would be going in.<br /><br />The one person on here giving such a negative review does not echo the reaction of the  group of adults filling the theater where I went to see it last Saturday afternoon.
B003P2WO5E|5.0|It says a lot about a book this length when it doesn't allow you to set it down until it has ended. This book is Sanderson's best work but will only remain so until his next book is released. He has proven he gets better with each book and I cannot wait until the next book in this series is out. One of my favorite books of all time and it is only $8.99!
B004SATLUI|5.0|This review is only for those interested in sound quality and/or collecting Japan mini-sleeves. For reviews regarding content, please see other posts in this forum, or go to All Music Guide (dot com). Also, due to Amazon's unfortunate programming policy of cross-pollinating reviews across different versions of the same CD title, this review may appear elsewhere: It was posted only on the [[ASIN:B004SATLUI 2011 Japan mini-sleeve set]] of this album.<br /><br />Well, this is going to be a convoluted affair to review, as there are 4 separate versions of this fabulous album in existence, two of which are long OOP.  Then there's the audio aspect of each release, and finally, the graphics.  So, let's start with a little background for the uninitiated: The 1972 LP release.<br /><br />The LSO \\"Tommy\\" was the original \\"album box set\\": No record company had ever attempted such an elaborate and ornate release in the rock genre.  The box came with a beautiful 12X12 lavish \\"coffee table\\" book and a fold-out card of a pinball machine.  The Tommy box truly set the bar for all such sets to come.<br /><br />In [[ASIN:B0000032WV 1989]] and [[ASIN:B0000086D3 1996]], Tommy was released by different catalogue houses on CD (Rhino & Castle, respectively).  However, both came in standard jewel cases and no attempt was made to replicate the original box or book.  Both of these releases subsequently went OOP and fetch high prices to this day in the used after-market.<br /><br />In 2009, [[ASIN:B001UNSZOE U.K. Repertoire Records]] took a crack at finally reproducing the entire original set, and did the graphics part exceptionally well.  However, the mastering was TERRIBLE (see my review on that page), so it was a real heartbreaker.<br /><br />Now, in 2011, the Japanese have swung for the fences with a \\"Blu-Spec\\" remastered release in a mini-sleeve replication of the original set.<br /><br />So, in comparing these four editions, you have to consider the mastering, Blu-Spec, the graphics and the closeness of the replication to the original release.<br /><br />Let's start with the audio.<br /><br />First, the 1989, 1996 and 2009 editions are single disc sets.  The 2011 is a 2-disc affair.  There's no reason for this as the 71-minute recording would have fit on one disc, and has the downsides of increasing the cost of the set, and making you change discs to hear the entire performance.<br /><br />The new mastering from the 2011 is slightly better than the Rhino releases: Obviously, from the original engineering/miking/recording of the performances, there is not much real improvement to be had.<br /><br />\\"Blu-Spec\\" joins a list of Japan-only implementations of substrate material derived from LCD manufacturing (the others being \\"SHM\\" and \\"HQCD\\"); all these schemes are fronted by different Japanese companies, and each was delivered with identical promises that the LCD material would deliver better optical read performance, and subsequently, supposedly better sound.<br /><br />Unfortunately, there is no discernable audible benefit from the implementation of each LCD scheme, and even more unfortunately, prices for these releases are much higher than regular CD editions.  As I have written about extensively in reviews concerning these releases, I have never been able to hear a wit of difference between an LCD-implemented CD, and a regular-substrate CD, of the same master (please note those last four words).  As far as I am concerned, \\"Blu-Spec\\" is fittingly denoted by its initials, and I am consistently annoyed by the hiked prices for these LCD-material titles.<br /><br />So, that leaves the graphics of the 2009 and 2011 releases.<br /><br />I give a VERY slight edge in my preference to the Repertoire.  Their rendering of the book is not-as-accurate, as the original had the lyrics printed on the same page as the wonderful illustrations.  Repertoire cleverly chose to print the lyrics separately in the rear of the book, and in doing so, isolated the  artwork, which makes them even more appreciable.<br /><br />Repertoire also included a separate booklet with detailed info of the original 2 performances, and the challenges presented in bringing the concerts to a live audience (now, if only they had done a better job on the audio!).  The Japanese have also apparently provided some text along the same lines, but unless you can read Kanji, you're SOL.<br /><br />Where Repertoire provided a fold-out photo copy of the pinball machine graphic, the Japanese have turned that into a 2CD digipak with the design front and back in raised graphics, just totally super-kewl.  Both sets come in slipcovers, but as the Repertoire disc resides in a plastic tray inside a digipak sleeve, it is thicker than the Japan edition.<br /><br />So, there you have it for this 2011 release vs. the previous three editions: The best remastering, fagetaboudit on Blue-Spec, and take your pick on the graphics, where the Japanese, as they do in virtually all mini-sleeve releases, strove for accuracy to the original LP set, but where Repertoire imaginatively produced the slightly-better booklet of the two.  There's no longer any reason to pay big bucks for a used copy of the original two LSO Tommy releases, just buy the Japan set.<br /><br />A final note: I'm not sure why the Amazon info above reads \\"Indie Europe/Zoom\\" for the releasing label, and the number of discs is wrong.  The Japan releasing company for this set is Archive, and I double-checked the UPC on the obi on the Amazon Seller system, and it links to this page.  I have submitted corrections, and hopefully, Amazon will correct them.<br /><br />Whew.  I now retire to recover from elephantitis of the keyboard.  Whichever version you choose, happy listening!  It's a fabulous, landmark performance, and your Who collection is not complete without it.<br /><br />WHAT IS A JAPAN \\"MINI-LP-SLEEVE\\" CD?<br /><br />Have you ever lamented the loss of one of the 20th Century's great art forms, the 12\\" vinyl LP jacket?  Then \\"mini-LP-sleeve\\" CD's may be for you.<br /><br />Mini-sleeve CDs are manufactured in Japan under license.  The disc is packaged inside a 135MM X 135MM cardboard precision-miniature replica of the original classic vinyl-LP album. Also, anything contained in the original LP, such as gatefolds, booklets, lyric sheets, posters, printed LP sleeves, stickers, embosses, special LP cover paper/inks/textures and/or die cuts, are precisely replicated and included.  An English-language lyric sheet is always included, even if the original LP did not have printed lyrics.<br /><br />Then, there's the sonic quality: Often (but not always), mini-sleeves have dedicated remastering (20-Bit, 24-Bit, DSD, K2/K2HD, and/or HDCD), and can often (but not always) be superior to the audio on the same title anywhere else in the world.  There also may be bonus tracks unavailable elsewhere.<br /><br />Each Japan mini-sleeve has an \\"obi\\" (\\"oh-bee\\"), a removable Japan-language promotional strip.  The obi lists the Japan street date of that particular release, the catalog number, the mastering info, and often the original album's release date.  Bonus tracks are only listed on the obi, maintaining the integrity of the original LP artwork.  The obi's are collectable, and should not be discarded.<br /><br />All mini-sleeve releases are limited edition, but re-pressings/re-issues are becoming more common (again, not always).  The enthusiasm of mini-sleeve collecting must be tempered, however, with avoiding fake mini-sleeves manufactured in Russia and distributed throughout the world, primarily on eBay.  They are inferior in quality, worthless in collectable value, a total waste of money, and should be avoided at all costs.info of the original 2 performances, and the challenges presented in bringing the concerts to a live audience (now, if only they had done a better job on the audio!).  The Japanese have also apparently provided some text along the same lines, but unless you can read Kanji, you're SOL.    Where Repertoire provided a fold-out photo copy of the pinball machine graphic, the Japanese have turned that into a 2CD digipak with the design front and back in raised graphics, just totally super-kewl.  Both sets come in slipcovers, but as the Repertoire disc resides in a plastic tray inside a digipak sleeve, it is thicker than the Japan edition.    So, there you have it for this 2011 release vs. the previous three editions: The best remastering, fagetaboudit on Blue-Spec, and take your pick on the graphics, where the Japanese, as they do in virtually all mini-sleeve releases, strove for accuracy to the original LP set, but where Repertoire imaginatively produced the slightly-better booklet of the two.  There's no longer any reason to pay big bucks for a used copy of the original two LSO Tommy releases, just buy the Japan set.    A final note: I'm not sure why the Amazon info above reads \\"Indie Europe/Zoom\\" for the releasing label, and the number of discs is wrong.  The Japan releasing company for this set is Archive, and I double-checked the UPC on the obi on the Amazon Seller system, and it links to this page.  I have submitted corrections, and hopefully, Amazon will correct them.    Whew.  I now retire to recover from elephantitis of the keyboard.  Whichever version you choose, happy listening!  It's a fabulous, landmark performance, and your Who collection is not complete without it.    WHAT IS A JAPAN \\"MINI-LP-SLEEVE\\" CD?    Have you ever lamented the loss of one of the 20th Century's great art forms, the 12\\" vinyl LP jacket?  Then \\"mini-LP-sleeve\\" CD's may be for you.    Mini-sleeve CDs are manufactured in Japan under license.  The disc is packaged inside a 135MM X 135MM cardboard precision-miniature replica of the original classic vinyl-LP album. Also, anything contained in the original LP, such as gatefolds, booklets, lyric sheets, posters, printed LP sleeves, stickers, embosses, special LP cover paper/inks/textures and/or die cuts, are precisely replicated and included.  An English-language lyric sheet is always included, even if the original LP did not have printed lyrics.    Then, there's the sonic quality: Often (but not always), mini-sleeves have dedicated remastering (20-Bit, 24-Bit, DSD, K2/K2HD, and/or HDCD), and can often (but not always) be superior to the audio on the same title anywhere else in the world.  There also may be bonus tracks unavailable elsewhere.     Each Japan mini-sleeve has an \\"obi\\" (\\"oh-bee\\"), a removable Japan-language promotional strip.  The obi lists the Japan street date of that particular release, the catalog number, the mastering info, and often the original album's release date.  Bonus tracks are only listed on the obi, maintaining the integrity of the original LP artwork.  The obi's are collectable, and should not be discarded.    All mini-sleeve releases are limited edition, but re-pressings/re-issues are becoming more common (again, not always).  The enthusiasm of mini-sleeve collecting must be tempered, however, with avoiding fake mini-sleeves manufactured in Russia and distributed throughout the world, primarily on eBay.  They are inferior in quality, worthless in collectable value, a total waste of money, and should be avoided at all costs.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I am the adoptive mother of a son who came to us at 11.....the same age Jaycee was when she was kidnapped. I have often wondered if his experience psychologically is similar to those who have been kidnapped.  Instead of a \\"stranger\\" it was the 'state' who plucked him and his brothers from the mother they loved, separated them, and housed them with strangers who would  often treat them worse than the mother they were 'saved' from.    I would like to thank Jaycee for sharing her thoughts and her journal entries from such tender, difficult days.  It has helped me to understand the hurt my own son may have experienced and why today, at age 20, it is still difficult for him to reflect on or speak about it.  I have prayed he was never a victim of physical or sexual abuse yet Stolen Life demonstrates the traumatic impact that emotional abuse and control also causes.  And far too many children are subjected to this daily throughout the world.    Thank you for giving them a voice today Jaycee.  Thank you for helping the parents who love hurt children to better understand their hurt and pain.  This should be required reading for all parents who foster or adopt.  Although children in foster care are supposedly there for their own protection, from their perspective it must feel like they too are being kidnapped, with no control over where, or with whom, they live.  In many ways, they have experienced a stolen life too.
B004A8ZWT2|5.0|Finally someone remembered a good story does not depend on weapons and skin.  If you like 007 you'll appreciate this film.
0817439390|5.0|I am new to photography and the more I learn the more I realize I do not know.  This book helps teach you a lot.  You must realize when you buy this book that the author is a landscape photographer.  That means most of his techniques are based around landscape.  That does not mean his philosophy does not apply.  If you are planning on learning specifics such as sports or portraits, I think you should know this.  I have truly enjoyed this book and looking into his flash exposure book.
B004Y1USJE|2.0|You know when you always make your favorite pie or that famous chili,you never leave anything out. This is what the new Yes is. Once Jon Anderson had to leave the band it was never  the same. This also causes that \\"pie making receipt\\" to fail. Writing skills,especially on this new CD HAS NO BALLS! Anderson was the backbone in co-writing those classic songs,  Roundabout,Close to the Edge,I cant begin to mention all of them. Anderson was responsible for those great meter changes ,which produced great players like Chris Squire to play \\"like a  mad man\\". I know we are all getting older ,but Squire has not lost \\"his touch and vigor\\" by no means. Album wise ,this is the worst I have ever heard Yes play  and we waited how many years  for a studio CD?. The new lead singer,who they found him on you tube does not move but maybe twice off his register, The songs are poorly written. Giving us on overture on the first track,come  on. That was down right terrible. Then after that the wonderful Steve Howe starts out two song together with acoustic guitar,this was a little mundane. There was no energy in this new CD  at all. I have been a fan since before Time and a Word album. I have seen them more times than I remember. But who was writing Topographic Oceans in their hotel room while they toured,  Howe and Anderson. On this new CD you can hear Squire really making a point to do his wonderful harmonies,but to be just a bit louder to make it full sounding for the lead singer. Are you noticing that I have not called the lead singer by name? Sorry, he does not deserve the respect that I have for the rest of the band. This CD should have never came out or they should have worked harder.  I listened to this about 25 times now,and I could not figure if it sounds like their \\"Drama\\",with that guy from The Boggles sang on.. We waited some 10 years for a new studio album from this great band that has been playing some 30 years now. I silently put the CD in its case and retired it to the Yescollection. AS you can now read I am more than greatly dissatisfied with this new CD  from YES. There is an old expression\\" Let dead dogs lie\\"  Its not YES anymore, they never even tried to take Jon Anderson back. I have heard better albums of this caliber done in LA with  Yes tribute bands. The chemistry in every band makes the band. Each person has a very special part to play. In this CD, it really sounds like Yes was \\"pushed\\" into making a new CD and did  not care in its quality. Think of all the albums they took that chance on a album that they said\\" this is new and different,enjoy\\". Small examples, Relayer,Topographic Oceans,even Magnification  was good. So thank you but no thank you.
B005529BDK|5.0|This is a really fun app. It's a combination of Columns, Hexic, and Bust-a-Move. Works great on my EVO 4g.
B004Y1USWQ|1.0|I am sorry to say this new Yes album does not deliver at all. The songwriting is seriously lacking in originality and hooks. There's nothing here that would make you want to hear it again. The performances are  flat and lacking in energy which is unheard of on a Yes album. I think the new singer does OK with a thankless job- he's not the real problem here. I hope they get back in the studio soon with Jon Anderson. Let's face it, Yes is getting old and I would hate it if 'Fly From Here' turned out to be their final word.
B004SIP7VM|4.0|and it was very good. Honestly, it was hard seeing Matt(from the other movie) as the bad guy, even though he was very good at it. Actually it was harder for me to watch because I liked him so much. Maybe about 2 people know what i am talking about here, but thats okay...
B004SBS8LA|1.0|App doesn't open anymore ...even with update today.  Liked at first but no good if it won't open! Seasons much better.
B004WKOCP8|1.0|This is Incubus?  Where's the turn tables mixed with heavy guitar?  Where is the musical chaos that just seems to work against Brandons unreal voice?  The opening single on the track Adolescent was the only track on the ENTIRE album that anywhere remotely sounds like an Incubus CD.  It's almost as if the band took 5 years off and COMPLETELY lost track of who there are and what made them a successful band in the first place.  I can't begin to express how disappointed I am with this Yanni like CD.<br /><br />I'm sick of people mentioning the band is \\"maturing.\\"  It would be like Eminem moving to Opera and stating his sound has \\"matured.\\"  No, this is not maturing!  Maturing is mastering your sound and coming into your own.  The Foo Fighters have matured.  Has their sound changed?  HELL NO!  It's evolved and gotten better and better.<br /><br />Nothing about this CD is worth purchasing.....let alone having period.  It's an absolute waste of an album.  Someone mentioned \\"If Not Now When.....Maybe Later\\" and I'm almost to the point of wishing it was \\"Never.\\"  I've been to 5+ Incubus concerts, met the band and been a fan for well over 10 years.  This IS my favorite band on the planet.  The fact I even have to listen to this Pop group crap at their concerts makes me sad.  How could a band that made SCIENCE, Morning View and Make Yourself produce such garbage?  It feels so ill conceived in EVERY SINGLE WAY.<br /><br />This is a pop album made by a group of guys in their late 30s.  Who exactly were they trying to reach?  50+ year old soccer moms?  Definitely not their true fans.  I mean you listen to the Limp Bizkit CD and even Fred Durst knows who his audience and fans are.  Incubus seemingly does not.<br /><br />I wish they would have never made a new CD at all.
0811875555|5.0|the book is amazing! Amazon sent it during the estimated time, though i didn't receibe the greeting card i ask for... the book itself is soooooo gorgeous! and has lot of usefull drawings and info! :D
B004ZQRJFO|5.0|Thank god some artists still have balls!  All this \\"my rims, get bitches, I'm amazing\\" blah, blah, blah.  So few have talent like these guys.  All I can say is thank you for keeping my faith in modern music.  BUY THIS ALBUM!
0061122416|5.0|I am a theology student. I have read many books about people who know things about God. I have tackled the philosophical complexity of Thomas Aquinas, Augustine, John Paul II, etc.   The Alchemist is simple, and I read it in only a few hours. Despite it's simplicity, it is incredibly profound.  Coelho's insights into the relationship between God and creation and about the spiritual wisdom achievable by man are as deep and thought-provoking as any of the great theologians.  The simplicity of the language and captivating story make it accessible to everyone.   The wisdom contained in this little book far exceeds the amount of space it will occupy on your bookshelf. Readers old and young will find inspiration in this tale to begin, continue, or restart the quest for their Personal Legends.
B0050VI5SI|4.0|I'll be honest, I bought this solely because I was obsessed with \\"Pumped up Kicks\\".  I was not disappointed.  There may not be another single on this album, but what is there is varied and interesting enough while retaining the same \\"feel\\" as the single that inspired the purchase
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|If you are reading this, you may or may not have read Jaycee Lee Dugard's memoir, \\"A Stolen Life\\". EIther way, you might have heard of a girl who, 18 years after being kidnapped, reappeared. During her ordeal, Jaycee was repeatedly raped by her captors, eventually resulting in the birth of her two daughters. In this memoir, Jaycee tells her story in unflinching detail.    I have to commend Jaycee for writing this. During almost two decades, she suffered as no one should. Through her words (her words, not a ghost writer's), she exemplifies her strength as a survivor. In her introduction, she clearly states that she is not ashamed of anything that happened to her because none of it was her fault. Though it may seem obvious to many, this takes guts.     I love the way she chose to write her memoir - she tells her story in present tense, reliving her ordeal as she writes. Then, she writes a reflection - her thoughts about what she has written and what the memories mean to her.     Her story is an interesting one that captivated many in 2009 - now, you can hear it from Jaycee Dugard instead of the media. I was surprised that it didn't come off as a sob story, I didn't put down the book feeling bad for her so much as I am blown away by her courage and resilience, and cheer her on as she rebuilds her life.    Jaycee includes several journal entries she write while in captivity. In one, she lists things she dreams of for the future, one being: \\"Write a bestseller\\". Jaycee, wish granted.
B003Y5H556|4.0|this movie that gives you the feel of twilight which is not a bad thing i like this film  its not a deep movie but it wasn't that bad if you like twilight you like this movie
0553801473|5.0|After getting this delivered via UPS and on my kindle early this morning, I have not stopped reading it.  It is wonderful to be sucked back into the amazingly detailed world of ASOIAF.  I love it so far!  Can't wait to see if the TV show can catch up to this book..  What a challenge they will have to try and show all these twisting and crossing story lines with a limited budget, CGI limitations, amount of screen time, and actor availability..  After the first season I have confidence in what they will show us.  For next season, the battle of the blackwater should be the most interesting episode with George R.R. Martin at the writing helm.  My only issue with the show vs. book so far is the look of the \\"Others\\".  The books description with their armor and swords sounds more interesting than what the show came up with (odd zombie looking monster).
B0042RUMH8|5.0|The first time I heard this album, I was lukewarm about it for some reason. There were a few songs I thought I might like, and one in particular that I loved immediately (What Is Love).  I decided not to buy it at the time, but over the course of a few weeks I would hear songs from the album here and there, and eventually I realized that I liked enough songs to buy it.    Now, listening to the entire cd, I can say with certainty that I like literally every song on it.  There are no \\"filler\\" tracks, and even the songs that sort of fall into the places where normal filler tracks would go, there are some pretty serviceable, enjoyable songs that would probably be hit songs for an artist just starting out.  So, basically the album is full ofexcellent songs, and peppered with a few just plain good songs (hope that makes sense).     I can tell Jennifer Lopez's voice has matured since teh last cd I heard by her, which was On the 6.  I know, where have I been? Haha.  She has never had a stellar voice, but it's always been pleasant and recognizeable, and there on times on Love?  where her voice really shines as much as it can.     Also, it's kind of refreshing that the cd doesn't have much objectional content at all.  Sometimes it's nice to be able to listen to something mature but without having to worry about your kids hearing it and picking up something obviously inappropriate.      All in all, a great return to form with a great pop album.
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|This CD is exactly what the movie has in it - that's how it is supposed to be. Love it!!!!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Gotta love a woman with curves who doesn't get naked to sell CDs.  Love the whole CD - sexy, blusie.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is a mobile phone must have game.  It's up there with Angry Birds and Plants vs. Zombies. Great playability and responsiveness.
B001VNB54A|5.0|I bought this for my husband for Christmas. It was delivered extremely fast. I never do last minute shopping online just in case. This was brand new and in the package. I do recommend the blu-ray edition because the bonus features are incredible. This is a must for any history buff and fans of Band of Brothers. 10 star rating if possible!
0756404738|3.0|I wanted this book to be as good as Name of the Wind. I wanted to dive back into the wonderful world of Rothfuss's imagination and beautiful wordsmithing. When I did, I found that this time around it wasn't nearly as warm and cozy, not nearly as satisfying. Wise Man's Fear does give us a lot more of what we got in Name of the Wind, but its not as well-paced, not structured as well, and there are some jarring differences. For me, this book lacks the sweetness and fun of the first. I might be wrong but I don't remember swearing in the first book. I feel it a flaw in any fantasy of this sort that indulges in sex and swearing because it ruins the atmosphere. Now, of course, that's just a small problem with this book. The bigger problem, and this is something several people mentioned here, is that it really doesn't go anywhere. To me, it seems like Pat got caught up in supplying us with all sorts of, what he thought were, cool little aspects of his world, and forgot to give us a well-paced and well-written story. This book could have been 300 pages shorter. Still like the world. Still like the writing style. Not a total disappointment, but really wish it was better.
B005257I80|5.0|I've owned several previous FiiO products - the [[ASIN:B003UCESP8 FiiO L3 Line Out Dock (LOD) Cable For iPod and iPhone]] (back when I had an ipod) the [[ASIN:B001P9EQH8 FiiO E5 Headphone Amplifier]], and the [[ASIN:B003E6K1VK FiiO E7 USB DAC and Portable Headphone Amplifier (Black)]]. I also have several pairs of decent headphones, including the [[ASIN:B000UVGI6O Audio-Technica ATH-M50 Studio Monitor Headphones]], [[ASIN:B0016MNAAI Beyerdynamic DT 770 Pro-80 Closed Studio Headphones]], and [[ASIN:B0006GCCN6 Grado Prestige Series SR225i Headphones]]. So I'm very familiar with what you should be getting out of a product like this.     To put it simply, the FiiO E11 amp is astounding! It's slightly smaller than the E7, but has a similarly excellent build quality. The analog volume knob (pot) on the top makes for easy adjustments without having to remove it from your pocket. And the power is phenomenal!     If you're using the stock ibuds... well, first of all - stop! You can't imagine how much of your music you're missing! But once you've upgraded your headphones, a lightweight portable amplifier will make all the difference in the world. Keep in mind that an amplifier isn't just about making the music louder (though, of course, it can be used for that), but producing a fuller, richer, more detailed sound.     If you need your portable headphone amplifier to pull double-duty as an external DAC, then you may want to consider the FiiO E7. However, if you're just looking for an upgrade to your portable setup I can't recommend this product highly enough! The fact that it's one of the most inexpensive products of it's type is just an added bonus.
0307716511|4.0|I will start by saying that I found the beginning of this book very confusing.  There were times when I contemplated just putting it down and ending it there because of the style of writing.  However, I am glad I stuck with it and waited until the end because that is were the whole story came together.      Beatrice, who lives in New York City, receives a call and returns to England because Tess, her sister, has been reported missing.  While Beatrice is there, Tess's body is found and her death is ruled a suicide.  Knowing what she knows about Tess's character and personality, Beatrice refuses to accept that Tess would've killed herself, and she decides to conduct her own investigation, to the consternation of family, friends and the detectives involved in the case.     This book has one of the most original narrations, which actually adds to the storyline and fleshes-out the story.  However, it seems to jump about a bit because there are parts when Beatrice is being interviewed after her investigation, as well as flashbacks to conversations she has with people before, during and after her sister's death.  It turns out there is a reason for the author's madness, but it is only after reading a bit that the reader gets a clearer picture of what is going on.  This is a great mystery, which also shows the love and respect that exists between family, especially sisters.
0062060554|3.0|After reading the reviews of this book, I thought surely it was going to be totally engrossing...and it is...for the first hundred pages.  Then it becomes the \\"same ole, same ole, same ole\\" slog for the next hundred or so...and then crashes to a finish.  I have to admit that one swings from believing one thing, then another but, to be honest...I had it figured out by about page 130 or so.<br />Not the great thriller I was lead to believe, but decent.  Take it to the beach this summer...then leave it in the hotel/condo/summer place for the next resident.  Pass it around so everyone doesn't have to pay for it.  Ok but disappointing.
B000000XBF|3.0|Chronicle 2 contains only one hit,\\"Born on the Bayou\\" which was inexplicably left off the first Chronicle since it is a song that really defines the group's sound. The rest of the music is far from bad with some interesting covers thrown into the mix but if you just want the hits, get Chronicle and buy \\"Born on the Bayou\\" as a single off one of the music services.
B0053F042G|4.0|For some reason, I have always been fascinated by time travel stories.  What is unique about this story is that it is not so much a time travel story as it is a story about alternate realities.  If the term alternate realities doesn't mean anything to you, you may not like this movie.  My wife didn't really care for this movie, but I really enjoyed it.  It's always a plus when a movie makes me feel good at the end and that's how I felt at the end of this movie.
B002JVWR0Y|5.0|Seeing the baby on the cover kind of discouraged me.  This season of Dexter did not fail to impress!  Awesome series!
B003R0LBVW|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It is not light and fluffy, but delves into the complexities of families with all their imperfections and failings.  There were many moments when I had to reread, but I enjoy that in a book. Contrary to some reviews that contend that some parts were not believable, I would say that they were.  Many of us have no idea what goes on in \\"normal\\" looking families.  All the dynamics were in this book.
B0029XZODY|5.0|Excellent series.  I pre-ordered season 5 for my husband for our anniversary.  Both of us can not get enough of Dexter!
0553801473|5.0|A Dance with Dragons is the fifth novel in the Song of Ice and Fire series and probably the most eagerly-awaited epic fantasy novels in the recent history of the genre. It may be six years since A Feast for Crows was published, but it's eleven since A Storm of Swords came out and the last time we saw new material from Jon Snow, Daenerys Targaryen or Tyrion Lannister, the arguable central triptych of characters around whom the whole series rotates. The risk is high that Martin would deliver a novel that fails to meet expectations.<br /><br />Fortunately, he succeeds in giving ASoIaF fans a book that is almost everything its predecessor wasn't. Whilst Crows was tightly-focused and constrained in geographic setting, Dragons is huge, epic and sprawling. The novel covers events happening almost five thousand miles apart from one another, with a huge cast of characters, old and new. Where there are new characters, they are there to serve specific plot points and get the storyline really moving along, whilst some major existing characters are simply not featured where they have nothing to contribute to the storyline. Martin employs a fairly strict POV structure this time around: Dany, Jon and Tyrion (and, to a lesser extent, another character) get a significant number of chapters each but everyone else only gets a few. Once their work for the novel is done, they're outta there, and other POVs only show up when needed. This gives the novel a busy, revolving-door feeling at times as characters come in, do what needs to be done, and then get out, and gives some individual storylines and chapters a rather concise, focused feel, despite this being a huge, long book. Certainly with these 'lesser' POVs, there's little to no time for filler, though with some of the bigger POVs there are moments when Martin dwells on a story point a bit too long or delivers bit of background information which, whilst intriguing, doesn't really contribute much to the storyline at hand.<br /><br />It's a busy book with lots happening, possibly more than any other book in the series bar only A Storm of Swords. It's also the most disparate, and the geographic sprawl would make it easy for Martin to lose control of either the timeline or the plot focus. He doesn't do either, and by the end of the novel the timelines have been pretty much re-synched (with plenty of AFFC characters reappearing in the final few chapters to keep everything moving). Thematically, the book is much concerned with the notion of deeds, not words (the term \\"Words are wind,\\" is oft-repeated, probably a little bit too much) and the notion that you can only know people by what they do, not what they say. Disease and pestilence also play a role, whilst for the military engagements Martin expands his influences to include Napoleon's ill-fated march into Russia. These scenes are vivid enough to make you feel chilly even if you're reading the book on the beach.<br /><br />This series is known for its plot twists, sudden shocks and major character deaths, and Martin doesn't stint here. Some twists are genuinely shocking (though a couple have some carefully-built-in get-out clauses), on the level of the Red Wedding or higher, though others are a bit more predictable, with the author having taken care to lay some groundwork in earlier novels. Other elements come out of nowhere: the resolution of a key, major backstory mystery from the very first novel (probably not the one you're thinking of) is unexpected in both happening with two books still to go, and also in the amount of detail it gives. Another twist is bravely pulled off with almost solely the use of new characters and actually works, throwing almost all of the carefully-constructed fan theories out there for a loop.<br /><br />Characterisation is particularly strong, and Martin seems to relish some descriptive passages. A detailed account of the Doom of Valyria - quite a few books overdue - is spine-crawling and disturbing, whilst another one of Martin's trademark huge feasts may feel over-familiar right up until you realise what's really going on, at which point a belly laugh is the only possible response.<br /><br />A Dance with Dragons is a bleak book. Winter has fallen in all its fury and it really doesn't seem possible for the war-ravaged Seven Kingdoms to survive, with no harvest taken in and little to no supplies put to one side. Some characters are trapped in nightmarish situations whilst others have to be careful with every decision they make lest they trigger chaos and bloodshed. But there are moments of lightness, and the feeling that in the darkness there is still hope for these people and their world.<br /><br />Towards the end, A Dance with Dragons picks up an irresistible momentum which brings us towards what looks like the biggest convergence in the series to date. But, in a misstep that could have been fatal if not handled better, we never quite get to that climax, which seems to have been mostly delayed to the start of The Winds of Winter. Instead Martin breaks off the book on a series of cliffhangers that dwarf anything seen previously, and only a few story threads find any sense of resolution. But we then get a couple of concluding chapters featuring some of the most pivotal and startling moments in the series to date, and the real sense that whatever readers think A Song of Ice and Fire is about, or how it will end, Martin is not necessarily interested in doing the same thing. The ending is impressive, despite the cliffhangers, but brings in a little note of bitter sweetness: waiting a year for The Winds of Winter would be hard enough, but the fact that we know we'll probably have a lot longer is frustrating.<br /><br />A Dance with Dragons (****) solves a lot of the problems experienced in the previous book in the series and brings renewed energy and focus to getting this story towards the endgame. A series of cliffhangers, some over-used terms (though \\"Nuncle,\\" only gets one airing, thankfully) and a feeling that Martin might be revisiting some plot elements a little too freely dent the book's achievements, but a series of emotionally intense and surprising final chapters restore the faith that Martin has regained control of the story.<br /><br />I am a moderator on the Westeros.org website, the creator and chief admin of the Game of Thrones Wiki and someone who is mentioned in the acknowledgements of the book. Whilst I have tried to have been as honest as possible in my review, you may want to bear those factors in mind.
0061730335|5.0|This was in great condition it came super fast and I couldn't be happier. This was a book my son needed for summer reading so the price worked out great.
B004UOCF3W|5.0|Finally a completely solid Foo Fighters album.     They've had some amazing tracks to be sure, but they also had some puzzlingly lackluster and uninteresting tracks - many of them. Not to dwell on that too much here, I will just say that their talent level is way too high to release certain weak and uninspired material.    Anyway, if you're like me and liked their most well known and stronger tracks but were confused by the consistently weak album filler, this album is definitely worth a try.     And yes, the Foos are as good as we always thought they were - finally.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This is the best alarm app I have ever used. Wake to your own music slowly option is awesome. Easy to use and free, What mor could you ask for
B005529BDK|4.0|Pretty fun game, very ez to pick up.  Nice simple twist of the match/connect 3 genre.  For all ages. Highly recommended.
0345529057|5.0|This is a review for the boxed set.  Obviously, the books are phenomenal....    I bought this set because I needed copies of these books that could be good for travel, wear, and generally could just be left on the coffee table without worry of stains, markings, etc.  I have a set of the hardcovers, but I put mylar protective covers on those and I want to keep them in good condition.  So, I bought this set -  and it is exactly what I expected, and I was not disappointed.  The box is flimsy, but not bad quality, and the pages are super thin.  Since I knew this going in and I planned on getting some use out of these books, all of these aspects are totally fine.  It is actually advantageous, because if you know they aren't the best quality, then you don't have to be paranoid every time you take them off the shelf!    Overall, this is a great set for every day use - ESPECIALLY at less than $20!  It is by no means a set I would recommend as a cool collector's set that you should keep in the shrink wrap (but it's fine if you do), but I would highly recommend this set to anyone who wants to break these bad boys in and get some reading done!
1569242739|1.0|I really wanted to like these vegan cupcakes. I'm no vegan, but I wanted to experiment. Result? Disappointment.  The cupcakes themselves were virtually tasteless - you must use frosting if you want to save them, but what's the point in having a chocolate cupcake that only tastes of buttercream icing?   I don't know whether it's specifically these recipes or if it's vegan recipes in general (i suspect it's the latter - I have yet to be blown away by a recipe that doesn't use butter. I'm sorry, it's just crucial for chocolate), but I thoroughly regret this purchase.
B00000G3I2|5.0|I love this movie and received a great deal from Amazon. It was even cheaper than Walmart. I love shopping on Amazon.
0688152023|5.0|I've always enjoyed ballet, but I don't always have the money or self confidence to go for a class. This is a great substitute. I find myself always stretching and reaching further, elongating, and being graceful about it. I mean, you're doing it with professional dancers! The music is nice too making that whole atmosphere of its own. I still bring it around with me as I travel and move and do it every now and then. Even if you're not into ballet, it's a good workout for strength and balance and stability. This is one of the best and real authentic ballet workouts you can get on DVD without going to a class.
4789009637|4.0|I used this book for my first year in college Japanese. I think the book follows a random order with story lines and vocabulary, but the one thing in order is probably the difficulty of kanji and grammar. The book provides okay explanations for grammar points, but you'll probably need a teacher to understand it better. There was very little culture in it to learn. Maybe I missed something, but I learned basically no Japanese culture in my classes. The book is mostly set up so that by the time  you finish it, you can be proficient in the lowest levels of the Japanese proficiency test. When I took a sample test of a few questions, there was vocab and grammar and kanji that I mostly knew. They seem random to me, but apparently this is what is common in Japanese I guess? I think the book is alright if you have a teacher to go with it, but by yourself, I'd look elsewhere. Though, just this year, a new edition finally came out since the 90s, so I wonder how much they've improved.
B0000669JL|5.0|Better than I expected, not one single clinker.  Of course, with Bob Marley, there never is. EXCELLENT, quality sound.
B005529BDK|5.0|Works great on my Transformer running 3.1.  Very addicting & couldn't put it down.  Not like all the other jewel games that I've played.  Not sure what the other reviewers are talking about bcuz I haven't seen another game like this.  Also worked on my Incredible running 2.2 for the short time I was able to test it.  Thanks for the free app Amazon!  I would definitely have paid for this app.
B004PVKFR8|1.0|I impulsively purchased this album at the low price off $5.99.  I wish I could return 14 digital tracks some how to get my $5.00 Dollars back.  The reviews for this album are misleading. I don't understand why anyone, including this artist would want to listen to this entire album.  The song \\"Sail\\" is worth at least $1.29 I would pay that.      If I were this artist I would not have wasted my time recording any the other tracks.  The people around this artist must have been all YES folks.  This is a record deal push album.  Awaolnation must have needed to record a certain number of tracks to attain the gold ring. Should have individually released \\"Sail\\" and made the public wait for more rather than showing their true colors of garbage.
B004LAIU4I|5.0|I wanted to add my voice to those praising \\"So Beautiful So What.\\"  Paul Simon has certainly gone above and beyond to create a set with amazing gems.  \\"Dazzling Blue\\" entered my personal top ten and was a delightful #1 hit to my ear.  The percussive touches are lovely with a stunning melody and Simon's deep lyrics, \\"Maybe love's an accident, or destiny is true; but you & I were born beneath a star of dazzling blue.\\"  Right now that driving beat is propelling \\"Getting Ready for Christmas Day\\" up to a #1 Christmas song in July -- go figure.  The beat is infectious, the rhythmic talk injections priceless, with Simon's tongue-in-cheek lyric honed to perfection, \\"I got a nephew in Iraq; it's his third time back, But it's ending up the way it began; With the luck of a beginner, he'll be eating turkey dinner on some mountain top in Pakistan.\\"  \\"The Afterlife\\" is another great song with an infectious beat, \\"You got to fill out a form first and then you wait in the line.\\"  \\"Rewrite\\" is another strong song up there with Simon's best, \\"I've been working at the carwash; I consider it my day job.\\"  \\"Love Is Eternal Sacred Light\\" bounces joyfully with a memorable melody and Simon's vocals wry, \\"I am driving along in my automobile; It's a brand new pre-owned '96 Ford.\\"  The set closes with the remarkable title tune, cynical but joyful, loving life despite its anguish.  This is another career high from a Master Musician.  Classic.  Bravo!
0061997811|5.0|I bought this for my 11 year old daughter for her birthday and ended up stealing it 3 nights in a row after she went to bed! She loved all the tactile things that she could pull out like the Hogwarts letter, the Wanted posters, and the Yule Ball invitation. I (who mostly didn't pay any attention to HP before) enjoyed the behind-the-scenes commentary. It also quickly brought me up to speed on the major plot points and cleared up some characters and their relationships, so I feel I can go into Deathly Hallows part 2 fully informed. In addition to the fabulous content, the book is just gorgeous and would make a wonderful gift for any fan.
0340733748|5.0|John LeCarre's 1974 spy novel, \\"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy\\", is the first installment of his superb Karla espionage trilogy, which continues in \\"The Honourable Schoolboy\\" and concludes in \\"Smiley's People.\\"  \\"Tinker\\" is also an excellent spy novel whose plot can stand on its own.<br /><br />As the story opens, a repatriated British spy brings information about a possible Soviet mole in the British Secret Intelligence Service.  A senior civil servant recalls former spymaster George Smiley from unhappy retirement to investigate the information without alerting the Service or the possible mole.<br /><br />As the plot progresses, we learn that Smiley was involved in Operation TESTIFY, a secret mission into Czechoslovakia that went badly wrong.  The head of the service, codenamed Control, and his deputy, Smiley, were forcibly retired, giving way to new leadership, one of whom may have betrayed the mission and the Service.<br /><br />Smiley relentless follows a string of clues through the recent history of the Service, and his own tangled past, to find the traitor.  Smiley will lay a clever final trap that will have the reader breathless with anticipation.<br /><br />\\"Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy\\" is very highly recommended to fans of LeCarre's hard-edged and very authentic spy fiction.
B004YTGRMI|5.0|Obviously this is a classic R.E.M album that had them pushing the limits of their sound for the time and does not need to be reviewed again. What does need to be looked at is how well the remaster of the original album is as well as if the second disc is worth the repurchase<br /><br />Firstly, the first disc does sound a lot crisper then the original cd pressing that has been on the market. The remastering sound is definitely worth the effort, especially if you have a good soundsystem to listen to this on. The vocals are a lot clearer as can be heard on Underneath The Bunker and the music itself is crisper and cleaner.<br /><br />The second disc is the Athens Demos. Obviously the songs are rough takes but they definitely are worth checking out as several of the songs sound quite a bit different than their finished versions. It is also nice to know that the sound quality on the demos is as crisp as it can be. Though the demos will only really interest fans who like to hear how the songs evolved. If you are not a fan of rough drafts then the second disc will not be as essential as the first.<br /><br />I personally would have loved to hear some of these songs sung live during that time period.<br /><br />As for the packaging, it is the same quality as the last reissue Fables of the reconstruction. You will get both discs in sleeves, a booklet with an essay that looks back upon the album as well as postcards and a poster.<br /><br />It should also be noted that the track listings are still printed a bit out of order as it is on the original. Fall on Me is still track 3 even though it is listed as track 9. Same with Just a Touch, and I believe.<br /><br />I do realize this was intentional but i liked that touch with the remaster.<br /><br />I found this reissue to be worth the purchase and would recommend any fan of the album to pick it up as well.
B004Y1USV2|1.0|I do not fault these guys for wanting to make money, but without Jon Anderson this band should not be called Yes. This album is ok, but just that....ok.  With the addition of Benoit David at vocals from a tribute Yes band, it reminds me of a bad rock movie with Mark Walberg and Jennifer Aniston in it.  Let's face it, Yes has not really had a great album since Close to the Edge....and that is not even my favorite Yes album.  They have had high moments on certain songs, but if you are a true Yes fan, you would have to agree with me.  I saw Yes live in St. Louis with the Close to the Edge tour and they really were one of the greatest bands in the world at the time.  But since then, with all the in group fighting and all the changes with every new album in personnel this band has never been the same. What is it that Bill Bruford said after he left the band after the Close to Edge tour? This is not an exact quote but I think he said that this band would never do better than this album.  Never truer words about a rock band.  This band was great at one time, one of the best and we have the albums to listen to, but it is over.  This album is ok, just like the rest since Close to Edge, but the chemistry is gone and so is the magic.
B004L03B3S|5.0|Because of the semi-controversial theme of this movie, I preface my review with some words of wisdom from a book available from the website [...]<br /><br />\\"Flawed premise #4 (of 22): I have come here (to earth) to live the right way of life and to influence others to the same right way of living.  And what feels right to me must be the right way of living for all. ................. This flawed premise, postulating that my group's/our way of life is the only correct way, therefore all other ways must be stopped, because when I look at what I do not agree with, I feel bad, is the basis of the majority of unhappiness on your planet.\\" (from \\"The Vortex - Where the Law of Attraction Assembles all Cooperative Relationships\\" - see above website).<br /><br />Most reviews focus understandably so, mainly on the 2 lead characters. However, the maturity which the other adults in this movie display warrants some reference too (in my opinion).  Firstly, there is the ongoing joyful connection between Argentinian Pedro, and his former Brazilian wife Julieta who together are the parents of the elder son, Francisco.<br /><br />The movie does not reveal why they parted ways, but Julieta remarried Brazilian Alexandre, and they are the parents of the younger son, Thomas.  Francisco also lives with his mother and loving step-dad.  Pedro had previous associations with Rosa, who is now the housekeeper for Alexandre & Julieta.  One day Julieta casually tells Rosa that the two of them should have married back then - as if it is the most natural thing for two women to marry.  She continues matter-of-factly that they are in a way indeed married.<br /><br />We next see a scene where Francisco is briefly in hospital to have his right leg put in a cask due to the broken tibia, and young Thomas lies with his head on his half-brother's chest listening to the beating of his heart when Julieta, who is a medical doctor at this hospital, and her husband stare at the 2 boys through the hospital corridor window.  The viewer is made aware that they observe the special relationship/bond between these two half-brothers. However, they do not verbalize their assessments.<br /><br />The two boys are sent to spend the next Christmas with Francisco's father (Pedro) in Buenos Aires.  He has a new wife Lucrecia now, who takes the two boys for a walk and talk in the city - as if she could have been their mother.<br /><br />After the boys' visit, Pedro comes up to Brazil to discuss with Julieta his observation of the somewhat intimate bond between the two boys, and inquired if she was aware of it.  She admits to it, but adds, \\"we cannot tell the boys that their special bond is a bad thing.\\"<br /><br />A turning point in the movie came when Alexandre comes into their living room one day and finds Thomas merrily playing with his (Alexandre's) paintbrushes and paint on sheets of paper on the floor, and he descends upon Thomas, reprimanding him for playing with his art utensils.<br /><br />Upon hearing the commotion, Francisco runs into the living room and the following dialogue ensues: Francisco: \\"Let go of him! Don't you ever do it again!\\" Alexandre: \\"He's my son.\\" Francisco: \\"And he's my brother.\\" Alexandre: \\"He deserved it.\\" Francisco: \\"It doesn't matter.  From now on I'm the one who will take care of him.  Forever.\\"<br /><br />Julieta just arrived home and saw the confrontation scene, and when the boys left the living room, she and Alexandre merely stared at each other, quite perplexed with what they've just witnessed.  If someone could have handed them the dissertation on \\"Children\\" from Kahlil Gibran's \\"The Prophet\\", it may have provided them with some ideas. Gibran addresses parents (regarding raising their children) as follow:<br /><br />\\"You may give them your love but not your thoughts, for they have their own thoughts ......... You may strive to be like them, but seek not to make them like you. For life goes not backward nor tarries with yesterday.\\"<br /><br />Soon after the painting incident Pedro (Francisco's father) dies; fast forward 15 years later, and Julieta dies too. At her funeral, Thomas - who beautifully narrates the unfolding story of their lives throughout the movie - once again informs us as follow: \\"When mom died, I was sure the permanence of things does not depend only upon our will. There is something greater, mysterious, unreachable which determines the calendar of our days. Somehow that knowledge touched us in a surprisingly liberating way.\\"<br /><br />After his wife's death, Alexandre decides to move out and leaves the house for Francisco and Thomas (now approximately 25 & 20 respectively) to continue their lives on their own, while he finds his own accommodation elsewhere in the city. This is where the director starts showing the viewer up-close the extraordinary relationship which had developed between the two consenting adults (main characters). The morning scene upon their awakening in bed is one of the most hauntingly beautiful, romantic scenes I have ever witnessed in all of the many, many movies I have watched.<br /><br />When Francisco announces his deep feelings and love for Thomas, the latter playfully asks \\"why?\\" to every statement.  Soon the roles are reversed when Thomas declares his love for Francisco.  The latter also asks \\"why?\\", and Thomas's last two answers will stay with me forever: \\"I love you because to understand our love they'd need to turn the world upside down.  I love you because you could love somebody else, yet still you love me - just me.\\"<br /><br />The movie could have ended right here, and I will have been completely satisfied.  However, writer & director Aluizio Abranches takes us further on the ever evolving journey through the lives of our two main characters.  Thomas admired Francisco's swimming talent as a young boy, and committed to swim as well as him when he grows up.  And he did - and better; so much so that he gets chosen for Brazil's Olympic swim team 3 years down the line.  There is however a catch to the selection: he needs to relocate to Russia to train and practice there.<br /><br />Thomas does not want to leave Francisco for three years to go to Russia, while Francisco encourages him to accept the opportunity. The deeply personal conversation between Thomas and his father in a restaurant soon afterwards, asking for his advice, is a joy to watch.  Alexandre affirms that he will support Thomas in any decision, and then concludes: \\"This is an issue you two will have to resolve alone.\\"  What a dad!!<br /><br />I refrain from divulging Thomas's decision, so that every prospective viewer can discover for themselves the continuing unfolding of this extraordinary film, made from the heart about characters all living from their hearts.  I own a copy of this movie; have watched it several times and will watch it many more times in future.<br /><br />The 96 minutes running time of this film is over all too soon for me with every viewing.  I rate \\"Do Comeco Au Fim (From Beginning To End) (in Portuguese with English sub-titles) one of the 5 movies of which the script satisfies me most - ever; and with every re-watching too.  It helps that all the actors are extremely endearing and likeable people.<br /><br />Young Francisco = Lucas Cotrin / Young Thomas = Gabriel Kaufman<br />Adult Francisco = Joao Gabriel Vasconcellos / Adult Thomas = Rafael Cardoso<br />Julietta = Julia Lemmertz / Alexandre = Fabio Assuncao / Pedro = Jean Pierre Noher  / Rosa = Louise Cardoso
B003UESJEM|3.0|Bobby (Ben Affleck) is your typical white collar success story. He has a great job at a conglomerate company, a pretty neat boss, Gene (Tommy Lee Jones), a good wife and two kids in a fabulous New England home. Then the crash of 2008 occurs and Bobby's job, despite twelve years at GTX (a transportation company of some sort), wasn't so valuable after all. Soon he has to figure out what his measure of a man truly is, and it's not pretty. \\"The Comapny Men\\" focuses mostly on Bobby's struggle, but it is an ensemble film with strong support from Chris Cooper, who struggles with the realization that a man pushing 60 in this job market is paddling upstream against younger and cheaper help, Kevin Costner, a contractor who is (IMHO) written into a cliched part, Craig T Nelson, the CEO making 22 million as he downsized left and right, and Mario Bello as the HR director who begins to doubt her ethics.<br /><br />This is not an easy movie to watch, as it probably cuts a bit too close to the bone in a country facing 9% unemployment. Bobby and Phil (Cooper) soon finding that there are sacrifices both intentional and unintentional that have to be made for the sake of survival. There's also underlying messages about being prepared for the future and just how much we've thrown away for \\"kids working for a dollar a day\\" (as Costner's character unsubtly jibes Bobby incessantly). People are losing their cars, homes, families and lives in reality; \\"The Company Men\\" holds up an unflinching camera to this world. It's a good movie, just don't expect a feel-good wrap at the end.
B003ZMF26W|3.0|I've been looking for a good gaming mouse for quite a while now. Found this mouse here on Amazon and proceeded to look around the web for reviews of the mouse. Reviews seemed favorable and the price wasn't too bad so I took a chance on it. Note that I had been considering various Logitech mice as well as a Razer Naga. I was turned off by the Naga because of various reports of hardware QA problems and questionable support. I've gone through a lot of mice in my many years of computing/gaming and I was not interested in getting stuck with yet another problem mouse with questionable support from the manufacturer. I probably would have purchased a Logitech this time around but the price on this CM Storm Inferno was some $$ cheaper. And I've been a fan of the Cooler Master cases for many years now. Their cases are top notch so I counted on at least some semblance of quality in their other products.    The good:  Now about this mouse, the CM Storm Inferno. Overall, the hardware/build seems to be decent. The mouse is very comfortable and does not cause hand stress after many hours of continuos use. I usually \\"palm\\" my mouse when using it. I can't really say if a player that uses a \\"claw\\" grip would like the mouse. It doesn't feel too heavy or too light. There's a large double-wide mouse wheel that spins smoothly but you can feel each position of the wheel. The 5-position DPI switch and Profile switch is located nicely and it's very easy to swith DPI on the fly and not to worry about changing your DPI or Profile unintentionally. Clicking is very responsive. Only thing I found a little odd about the buttons was the Left and Right regular mouse buttons sounded different when clicked, almost like they were different types of buttons. This was true as well of the Left and Right Rapid Fire buttons. The USB cable is encased in heavy duty threaded braiding. This should afford the cable protection from any untentional nicking/breaks.    The software allows for many macros to be recorded, probably more than you'll ever need. You also get a Default profile as well as 3 additional profiles to set up the buttons the way you want to. DPI sensitivity is completely configurable to individual taste within the software. Overall I would say the capability of the mouse is pretty amazing, especially if you use it in conjuntion with a keyboard that also allows setting up of macros.    Now for the bad:  There is no \\"official forum support\\" for the software and firmware for the mouse ([...]). There is a fourm set up but to quote forum directly: \\"There is no official CM Storm support in the forums, this is a pure community hang out\\". More like a fan forum of the CM Storm hardware line outside of their case products. The developer of the Storm Inferno has moved on to other endeavers, although he still pops into the forum every now and then. The one thing that really bothered me is that the discussion of problems with the mice is not handled very well. First, all posts to the forum must be approved by an admin before they are seen by the public. This is not very condusive to an open discussion of problems that are encountered by multiple people. Second, sometimes the response from the developer or those trying to issue fixes is done strictly via private messages to the person having an issue. Again, not very condusive to open discussion. Most of these problems seem to be related to the firmware but how is anyone supposed to find solutions if everything is done behind a veil of admin-only-approved-posts and secret PMs. To the average person this may seem like they are trying to hide something.    For the record, I ended up returning my Storm Inferno due to some issue most likely related to firmware problems. I did post on their forum...wait let correct that, I posted and am awaiting \\"admin approval\\" of my problem. No telling how long that will take but to be honest, I don't have time to monkey around with beta firmware. The has to work because I depend on it many hours per day. The issue I had occurred every day since I received the mouse. I will reitterate that I do not think that the mouse hardware is a problem in this case. More than likely it's the firmware. If they can get those issues straightened out, they will have a top notch product and I would probably be willing to give them a second chance at that time.
B003Z2LAAO|1.0|If your into Political Statements then this is for you, as for myself I bought this because I thought it was all about the Grand Canyon scenery.  While most of the documentary did have scenery of the Grand Canyon it was the Political Commentary that turned me off.
B00288KNJU|5.0|My kids begged me to purchase the movie in blu-ray, so I did!  Such a great movie to watch with the family!
B0045HCIZY|5.0|This film is different. Simple yet poignant. It doesn't even feel like a movie: it feels like an invisible camera filmed two random people meeting and separating and you almost feel a guilty pleasure in watching.      So many beautiful details to comment on, so I'll just pick one: the most meaningful scene of Sunrise to me is those final shots of morning Vienna, when we are shown the places Jesse and Celine had been the night before. They had only met the preceding day, and they kept trying to be rational by agreeing not to keep in touch after they leave Vienna because of the distance. It is only at the end that they agree in a rush to meet six months later, acknowledging the strength of the feelings they have come to have for each other over the course of the day/night. At this point, the places where they had been gain importance after, because we/them now see the city as a fundamental part/witness to their love.    Nevertheless, as we see Vienna coming back to life nonchalantly under the morning sun; everything is normal to the unfeeling city, except to us they are not there anymore. It's like they had never been there, despite the fact that the city felt like an important ingredient in their story. The place has forgotten them, even though it was only a few hours after their separation. Vienna doesn't hold any memory of them, it's them who hold a memory of Vienna. Obvious of course, but still very symbolically sad, because you tend to think of some places as eternal, and will store things for you that you yourself have lost, and all the more so because Jesse and Celine's encounter almost shouldn't have taken place, it was unplanned and improbable, fleeting and ephemeral.    This is a film where nothing much happens, only great conversation and life-changing connection. It's personal. It will always be my favorite film of all time.
B004TTMYQG|5.0|This is a great calender app with lots of features. Has a lot of useful options, easy to read and enter dates into. Use it every day.
B002RI9ZQ8|4.0|I am one of the likely many who kept clear of this title because of the hype surrounding the series. I wondered if a good book could survive under the weight of that expectation. I am very glad I overcame my preconceptions.<br />Lisbeth Salander is quite simply one of the most complex and compelling characters you are likely to encounter in a modern thriller. The story is gripping and cost me many sleepless nights reading 'just one more page'. And Stockholm is as atmospherically portrayed here as Ruth Rendell's London. I am told this is not the best Sweden has to offer, but it doesn't matter - Dragon Tattoo and its sequels are hugely entertaining - go read!
B0054JURZA|5.0|An unbelievable sound on a great full-length album. From the first song to the last, I just can't get enough of this album.
1451629184|4.0|...extremely graphic.    First, let me say that this woman has got to be the strongest woman I've ever heard of in my life.  Most adults (myself included) probably couldn't handle 1 day of what she endured for 18 years.  Not only did she manage to survive and maintain her sanity, but she managed to raise two children far more successfully with a 5th grade education, insanely limited resources, and an insane couple looming over her at all times than some other parents out there.  God bless her and here's to hoping that she and her children can someday live a fully normal life.    That being said, while the book is compelling reading, there is no warning of the level of graphic detail that she goes into regarding her abuse.  What you read, you cannot un-read, and the detail she goes to in her book may be too much for some people to bear.  If I had to make one complaint about an otherwise compelling book, there should be a warning on the cover advising people of the level of detail she gives regarding her abuse.    Other than that, an amazing book.  You can see the 31 year old woman adjusting to life in the world again, but her writing style also shows that the scared 11 year old girl who doesn't know what's happening to her is still also in there.      The book does deserve 5 stars.  The one and only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is my (maybe misguided) attempt at warning people about the graphic details of her abuse.  This book is not recommended for those who are uncomfortable or cannot handle such graphic detail.
B001C1066E|1.0|What I saw in the in picture ad was thought what I am going to get but it was. If the product was going to be the same, I didnt know why I had to pay two different prices for one product.    I wasnt satisfy with my order.
B003R4ZMNQ|1.0|I, too will wait to buy this until they come out with it in  Blu Ray. No sense viewing beautiful Hawaii any other way! Do love the show, and am so looking forward to owning it. The one star is because it is only currently available in regular DVD format.
B000063UR2|5.0|Am I the only one who LOVES the tangerine dream soundtrack version of this movie?   To me it's much more dramatic and intense with the sounds TD used vs. an orchestra. Especially in the Dancing Scene with Mia Sara and the black dress. That scene is supposed to be hypnotic and eerie and the score just doesn't have the same eerie impact for me.    I tried to find the DVD for this version before with no luck...all i kept finding was the score version...so I'm excited to now add this movie, one of my all time favorite fantasy movies, to my collection. A highly recommended movie that I saw when i was young, and still holds it's weight for me in my 30s.
0439023521|4.0|Suzanne Collins paints wonderful pictures in your mind with her words. This book was recommended to me by a friend. It's written for teenagers, however adults will enjoy it too. The story is a little dark, but masterfully written. The heroine in the story faces many challenges along the way. She faces many conflicts in \\"The Games\\" some with the other contestants, but the biggest one is the internal conflict she faces with her emotions. I enjoyed reading this book, finishing it in three sittings. I enjoyed this book so much I bought the series for my teenage niece. Together we will share in the adventures.
1557427283|3.0|This version appears to be the original text by Strunk only.  The fourth edition is a much updated publication and features both Strunk and White as the authors.
B0042J6VUS|3.0|I dont think this thing will last on a long trip. Plastic parts that hold the iPhone will be breaking. If they dont i will return and update this review :)
1439190275|5.0|This is a new atkins book and it is so easy to follow the Diet. It is much better than the old diet plan which I was on.
0887306667|5.0|The 22 Immutable Laws of Marketing is a book about how to succeed in marketing by following 22 specific laws that the authors examine and lay out for the reader.  Each law is expounded upon with ideas, examples of mistakes made by companies who failed to follow these laws, and insights that give the reader a very clear understanding of why each particular law works.      Law 1    * It's better to be first than it is to be better  * Many people believe that that the basic issue in marketing is convincing prospects that you have a better product or service.  Not true  * The leading brand in any category is almost always the first brand into the prospect's mind.  Hertz in rental cars, Coca-cola in cola.  * The law of leadership applies to any product, any brand, any category.  You can always make a guess at the leader by substituting leading for first.  * One reason the first brand tends to maintain its leadership is that the name often becomes generic.  Examples are Kleenex and Coke.      Law 2    * If you can't be first in a category, set up a new category you can be first in  * When you launch a new product, the first question to ask yourself is not \\"How is this new product better than the competition?\\" but \\"First what?\\"  In other words, what category is this new product first in?  * Forget brand and think categories.  Prospects are on the defensive when it comes to brands.  Everyone talks about why their brand is better.  But prospects have an open mind when it comes to categories.    Law 3    * It's better to be first in the mind than to be first in the marketplace  * If marketing is a battle of perception, not product, then the mind takes precedence over the marketplace  * More money is wasted in marketing than any other human activity (outside of government activities, of course.)  * The single most wasteful thing you can do in marketing is try to change a mind  * You have to blast, not worm, your way into a person's mind    Law 4    * Marketing is not a battleof products, it's a battle of perceptions.  The perception is the reality.  Everything else is illusion  * People cling firmly to the belief that reality is the world outside of the mind and that the individual is one small speck on a global spaceship.  Actually it's the opposite.  The only reality you can be sure about is in your own perceptions.  If the universe exists, it exists inside your own mind and the minds of others.  That's the reality that marketing programs must deal with.  * Marketing is manipulation of perceptions  * Most marketing mistakes stem from the assumption that you're fighting a product battler rooted in reality.    * What some marketing people see as the natural laws of marketing are based on a flawed premise that the product is the hero of the marketing program and that you'll win or lose based on the merits of the product    Law 5    * The most powerful concept in marketing is owning a word in the prospect's mind  * If the given words are computer, copier, chocolate bar, and cola, the four most associated words are IBM, Xerox, Hershey's, and Coke  * The most effective words are simple and benefit oriented.  It's always better to focus on one word or benefit rather than two or three or four.  * Most successful companies are the ones that \\"own a word\\" in the mind of the prospect.    Law 6    * Two companies cannot own the same word in the prospect's mind.  When a competitor owns a word or position in the prospect's mind, it is futile to attempt to own the same word.  * You cannot change people's minds once they are made up  * The theory is that if you spend enough money, you own the idea. Right? Wrong!    Law 7    * The strategy you use depends on which rung you occupy on the ladder  * While being first into the prospect's mind ought to be your primary marketing objective, the battle isn't lost if you fail in this endeavor.  There are strategies to use for No. 2 and No 3 brands  * In general, a mind accepts only new data that is consistent with its product ladder in that category.  Everything else is ignored.  * There's a relationship between market share and your position on the ladder in the prospect's mind.  You tend to have twice the market share of the brand below you and half the market share of the brand above you.  * The average human mind cannot deal with more than seven units at a time    Law 8    * In the long run, every market becomes a two-horse race.  In batteries it's Eveready and Duracell. In photography it's Kodak and Fuiji.  In sneakers it's Nike and Reebok.  * \\"Only businesses that are No. 1 or No. 2 in their markets could win in the increasingly competitive global arena.  Those that could not were fixed, closed, or sold.\\"  Jack Welch, former CEO of GE.  * The customer believes that marketing is a battle of products.  It's this kind of thinking that keeps the two brands on top:  \\"They must be the best, they're the leaders.\\"    Law 9    * If you're shooting for second place, your strategy is determined by the leader.  Study the firm above you.  Where is it strong? And how do you turn that strength into a weakness?  * When you look at customers in a given product category, there seem to be two kinds of people: Those who want to buy from a leader, and those who don't want to buy from a leader.  By positioning yourself against the leader, you take business away from all the other alternatives to No. 1.    * As a product gets old, it often accrues some negative baggage.  * Marketing is often a battle for legitimacy.  The first brand that captures the concept is often able to portray its competitors as illegitimate pretenders.    Law 10    * Over time, a category will divide and become two or more categories  * The way for the leader to maintain its dominance is to address each emerging category with a different brand name.     Law 11    * Marketing effects take place over an extended period of time  * Many marketing effects exhibit the same effects as alcohol.  The long-term effects are often the exact opposite of the short-term effects  * Any sort of couponing, discounts, or sales tends to educate consumers to buy only when they can get a deal.    Law 12    * There's an irresistible pressure to extend the equity of the brand  * By far the most violated law of marketing is the law of line extension.  * In a narrow sense, line extension involves taking the brand name of a successful product (e.g., A-1 steak sauce) and putting it on a new product you plan to introduce (e.g., A-1 poultry sauce).  * Why does top management believe line extension works, in spite of the overwhelming evidence to the contrary?  One reason is that while line extension is a loser in the long term, it can be a winner in the short term.  * More is less.  The more products, the more markets, the more alliances a company makes, the less money it makes    Law 13    * In marketing, you have to give up something in order to get something.    * There are three things to sacrifice:  product line, target market, and constant change  * In the product line, where is it written that the more you have to sell, the more you'll sell?  * Marketing is a game of mental warfare.  It's a battler of perceptions, not products or services.  * The world of business is populated by big, highly diversified generalists and small, narrowly focused specialists.  * The generalist is weak. Kraft is a great example.  * In the retail field, the big successes are the specialists such as Foot Locker, Gap, Victoria's Secret    Law 14    * For every attribute, there is an opposite, effective attribute  * Too often a company attempts to emulate a leader  * Marketing is a battle of ideas.  So if you are to succeed, you must have an idea or attribute of your own to focus your efforts around.  Without one, you had better have a low price.  A very low price.    Law 15    * When you admit a negative, the prospect will give you a positive  * Marketing is often a search for the obvious.  Since you can't change a mind once it's made up, your marketing efforts have to be devoted to using ideas and concepts already installed in the brain.  * When a company starts a message by admitting a problem, people tend to open their minds  * The purpose of candor isn't to apologize.  The purpose of candor is to set up a benefit that will convince your prospect    Law 16    * In each situation, only one move will produce substantial results. History teaches us that the only thing that works in marketing is the single, bold stroke  * Many marketing people incorrectly see success as the sum total of a lot of small efforts beautifully executed.  * Most often there is only one place where a competitor is vulnerable.  And that place should be the focus of the entire invading force.    Law 17    * Unless you write your competitor's plans, you can't predict the future.  Marketing plans based on what will happen in the future are usually wrong.  * Failure to forecast competitive reaction is a major reason for marketing failures  * Most of corporate America's problems are not related to short-term marketing thinking.  The problem is short-term financial thinking.  * One way to cope with an unpredictable world is to build an enormous amount of flexibility into your organization. As change comes sweeping through your category, you have to be willing to change and change quickly if you are to survive in the long run.    Law 18    * Success often leads to arrogance, and arrogance to failure  * Ego is the enemy of successful marketing.  Objectivity is what is needed  * Success is often the fatal element behind the rash of line extensions.  When a brand is successful, the company assumes the name is the primary reason for the brand's success.  * Your success puffs up your ego to such an extent that you put the famous name on other products.  Result:  early success and long-term failure.  * The bigger the company, the more likely it is that the chief executive has lost touch with the front lines.  * Like kings,chief executives rarely get honest opinions from their ministers.    Law 19    * Failure is to be expected and accepted  * Too many companies try to fix things rather than drop things.  \\"Let's reorganize to save the situation\\" is their way of life.  * The Japanese seem to admit a mistake early and then make the necessary changes.  * In some American companies, nothing gets done unless it benefits the personal agenda of someone in top management    Law 20    * The situation is often the opposite of the way it appears in the press  * When things are going well, a company doesn't need the hype.  When you need the hype, it usually means you're in trouble.  * History is filled with marketing failures that were successful in the press  * Over the years, the greatest hype has been for those developments that promise to single-handedly change the entire industry.  * Real revolutions don't arrive at high noon with marching bands and coverage on the 6:00 p.m. news.  Real revolutions arrive unannounced in the middle of the night and kind of sneak up on you.    Law 21    * Successful programs aren't built on fads, they're built on trends.    * A fad is a wave in the ocean, and a trend is the tide.  A fad gets a lot of hype, and a trend gets very little  * If you were faced with a rapidly rising business, with all the characteristics of a fad, the best thing you could do would be to dampen the fad.  By dampening the fad, you stretch the fad out and it becomes more like a trend  * Forget fads, and when they appear, try to dampen them.  One way to maintain a long-term demand for your product is to never totally satisfy the demand.    Law 22    * Without adequate funding an idea won't get off the ground  * Marketing is a game fought in the mind of the prospect.  You need money to get into a mind.  And you need money to stay in the mind once you get there  * Some entrepreneurs see venture capitalists as the solution to their money problems.  But only a tiny percentage succeed in finding the funding they need this way  * In marketing, the rich often get richer because they have the resources to drive their ideas into the mind.        The first law the book discusses is the Law of Leadership, and this law basically states that it's better to be first than it is to be better.  After reading this law, I really got to thinking how true and profound that is! Many people are under the assumption that the basic issue in marketing is convincing prospects that you have a better product or service.  This is not true.  How many number one companies who were first in their industry are actually better than the competition?  I think of McDonalds in the fast food industry.  They were first, but are they better than a lot of other fast food restaurants?  In my mind, and I'm sure in a lot of other minds, the answer is no.  But their sales numbers are huge!  Much bigger than Burger King, who came after McDonalds.  When people think of fast food, what is the image most people immediately have in their mind?  McDonalds!  It's better to be first, than it is to be better.   This law really made me realize the importance of being first in a particular industry.  The majority of the time, those companies that are first in any industry will enjoy strong leadership for a long time, regardless of whether or not they are actually better than their followers.  I also think it's amazing how so many times the first company in any industry has a name that becomes generic and synonymous with those products. Examples include Coke, Kleenex, Life Saver, and countless others.  What an absolute strength for those companies that manage to make this happen!  We can also examine this law and understand why it works by applying the law to other areas of life that don't apply to business and marketing.  Who was the first man to walk on the moon?  The answer is easy, and most people know the answer. Who was the second man to walk on the moon?  Most people cannot tell you the answer. Thefirst in anything has a way of cementing their name into people's minds.  Very powerful concept!     Law No. 4, The Law of Perception, discusses how marketing is not a battle of products, it's a battle of perceptions.  The perception is the reality.  Everything else is illusion.  One statement the author's made that I found very profound was the following:    People cling firmly to the belief that reality is the world outside of the mind and that the individual is one small speck on a global spaceship.  Actually it's the opposite.  The only reality you can be sure about is in your own perceptions.  If the universe exists, it exists inside your own mind and the minds of others.  That's the reality that marketing programs must deal with.      How true this is!  And also, how true it is that many businesspeople and marketers don't grasp this idea that marketing is all about perception.  You can throw as much money as you have at a marketing campaign trying to tell the world that your product or service is better, but if it doesn't positively change the prospect's perception of your product or service, you won't gain any market share.  Focus on the prospect's perceptions.  People's perceptions are their truth.  Getting into the prospect's mind with a strong, positive perception of your product is how you gain sales and market share.     Law 5 discussed the most powerful concept in marketing, which is owning a word in the prospect's mind. Most successful companies are the ones that own a word in the mind of a prospect.  Examples include Heinz (ketchup), Volvo (safety),  BMW (driving), Domino's Pizza (home delivery), and many others.  Law No. 6  expounded upon this idea by stating that two companies cannot own the same word in the prospect's mind.  When a competitor owns a word or position in the prospect's mind, it is futile to attempt to own the same word. For example, Mercedes Benz has recently been trying to take the word \\"safety\\" from Volvo, but it's not working.  When people think of a safe car, Volvo comes to mind.  Mercedes can continue to try, but because Volvo already owns the word \\"safety\\" in the consumer's mind, Mercedes will not be able to take it away.     I found myself thinking of 7Up when reading Law No. 12, The Law of Line Extension, Line extension involves taking the brand name of a successful product, such as 7Up, and putting it on a new product, such as Cherry 7Up, Diet Cherry 7Up, and so on.  This, say the  authors, is  by far the most violated law of marketing is the law of line extension.  When companies try to be all things to all people, they end up in trouble.  Marketing is a battle of perceptions.  7Up did a great job of introducing the world to their citrus soda and dominating the market. People's perceptions of 7Up are of it's original flavor and innovation.  When they put the brand on other new flavors, it only served to hurt the 7Up brand.  What 7Up should have done is name their cherry and other flavors with a new name, and keep the 7Up name only on the original flavor.  Creating flavors is a popular way to try and gain market share. It sounds like the right thing to do, but it doesn't work.
B00004TJTS|5.0|This is by far one of my favorite movies ever!  My dog looks so much like little Skip :)
B003VANOFY|5.0|Really comfortable. I can usually wear other headphones for 2-3 hours before discomfort. These get noticeable for me around 7 hours and have never gotten uncomfortable. Sound quality is awesome. I mean thumping bass lines...crisp highs and fully adjustable EQ with the super easy to install software. while wearing these headphones the outside world of noise is completely tuned out. near deaf. this thing can also hold a charge very well + it can charge 'em while in use if you forgot to the night before. I cant really comment on the durability as i have not had them for 1yr+ yet. however, i have high expectations for them as they are weighty and feel like they were constructed using quality mats. TONS of cool bells and whistles like push to talk on the headset........great for quick kitchen run w/o missing anything.
B0051OZ564|4.0|Battling matrix compatable babs, nonsence plot, but plenty of over the top special effects. Just good mindless fun; get out the popcorn.
B004LWZW24|5.0|This kept you going and into the movie this is worth the price. the acting was good, and it  had a good plot
B001OQCV6K|3.0|...which really isn't much of a compliment, I realize, but it's the phrase that keeps coming back to me as I think about this flick.<br /><br />I'm not dead set against some tweaks to the Holmes character or the Holmes canon, per se, nor do I hate everything by director Guy Ritchie (I didn't mind \\"Lock, Stock...\\" and \\"Snatch,\\" though I do think his other films are dodgy, at best).  But this movie, while providing a few of the typical \\"summer movie\\" pleasures (large scale action sequences, etc.), just doesn't feel like anything even close to Sherlock Holmes.<br /><br />The Pros:<br />1.  A solid, dependable trio of lead actors who work well together and who seem to have fun.  Much of whatever pleasure the movie provides can be traced back to this element.  Downey, Jr. and Jude Law have real chemistry, and Rachel McAdams continues to be a good sport and a pro, even when provided with limited screen time and material. Frankly, she deserves better.<br /><br />2. Jude Law. Yes, you could say that I've already covered this point in #1, but I think he bears special mention.  Downey Jr., while fun, isn't really portraying the real character of Holmes (despite what he'd like to you believe in his press interviews).  But Law turns in a fine, entertaining performance that still conveys the real nature of Watson (intelligence, stoicism, and a good nature), and he does so while maintaining a credible screen presence next to his grandstanding co-star.<br /><br />3. It looks good. In other words, the money is on the screen.  Sets and costumes are all convincing, and London looks wonderfully atmospheric.  Then again, this isn't much of a compliment either (with a budget this big, the film really *ought* to look good).<br /><br />The Cons:<br />1.  The movie doesn't feel like Sherlock Holmes.  Sure, you've got characters named Holmes, Lestrade, and Irene Adler, but beyond the literal names and Holmes' token violin, the characters don't feel like the people Conan Doyle described. (Only Watson comes close.) The filmmakers were practically falling over themselves in interviews to convince viewers that this \\"was the real Holmes.\\" Not quite. I don't remember the last time Holmes engaged in *regular* boxing matches, blew up stuff real good, or engaged in such overt sexual flirtation with Adler.  Plus, Holmes has been made much more viewer friendly here.  The literary Holmes was a cold, arrogant, drug addicted genius. This cinematic version is not so much.  This incarnation could (almost) fill in as your smart buddy from down the street...<br /><br />2.  The plot.  It feels too much like typical, generic summer movie stuff (big explosions, over the top villains, supernatural cults, etc.), and too little like the Victorian - and sometimes idiosyncratic - mysteries of Holmes.<br /><br />3.  Robert Downey Jr.  Yes, he's a talented actor and has charisma to burn, but - as stated - he's not really playing Holmes. Instead he's essaying same wise-acre persona he always seems to be playing these days.  Basically, he's playing Tony Stark in a Victorian suit.  And while the wise-guy routine isn't unpleasant to watch (and he *does* have the aforementioned chemistry with Law), it's hard to escape the feeling that Downey Jr. is coasting a bit on autopilot here.<br /><br />So - the end result is that it could have been worse, and the movie is watchable.  But at the end of the day, that still feels like faint praise.ractically falling over themselves in interviews to convince viewers that this \\"was the real Holmes.\\" Not quite. I don't remember the last time Holmes engaged in *regular* boxing matches, blew up stuff real good, or engaged in such overt sexual flirtation with Adler.  Plus, Holmes has been made much more viewer friendly here.  The literary Holmes was a cold, arrogant, drug addicted genius. This cinematic version is not so much.  This incarnation could (almost) fill in as your smart buddy from down the street...    2.  The plot.  It feels too much like typical, generic summer movie stuff (big explosions, over the top villains, supernatural cults, etc.), and too little like the Victorian - and sometimes idiosyncratic - mysteries of Holmes.    3.  Robert Downey Jr.  Yes, he's a talented actor and has charisma to burn, but - as stated - he's not really playing Holmes. Instead he's essaying same wise-acre persona he always seems to be playing these days.  Basically, he's playing Tony Stark in a Victorian suit.  And while the wise-guy routine isn't unpleasant to watch (and he *does* have the aforementioned chemistry with Law), it's hard to escape the feeling that Downey Jr. is coasting a bit on autopilot here.    So - the end result is that it could have been worse, and the movie is watchable.  But at the end of the day, that still feels like faint praise.
B004LUHQ1G|4.0|But I'll try anyways.    Honestly it took me a while to really get into these guys.  It wasen't untill I heard I'll stick around and Big me, that I started to think maybe they were an alright band.  For the record those are my 2 favorite songs from their debut, and would be absolute musts on any Foo best of.  What turned me off was the whole \\"fingernails are pretty, fingernails are good,\\" line from This is a call.  But I got over that and enjoy that song too now.  I've still found them to be a band I typically like half an album by.  this was the case with the self titled and nothing left to lose and One by one, the exception being the color and the shape, which I thought was pretty consistent.  Then In your honor came out, and the wheels seemed to be coming off a bit.   There were still some stellar songs, No way back, What if I do, In your honor, Miracle, DOA, but there were also a lot of overly repetitive songs, and that really should have been a 1 cd album.  Then Echos came out, and ooh, something was wrong.  I still found a couple good songs, but I was worried.     So, what did they do?  Unlike a once great band like say Queensryche, who continue to release boring and uninteresting album after boring uninteresting album, the Foos decided to take a break, and unlike the break Incubus took, this one proved to be well worth it.  They'd end up releasing their best album in years...  Ok technically even if I liked their previous album, it'd still be true, what with the 4 year break.  Sorry bad joke.    They came back with an album that flows almost flawlessly together.  The energy level has been raised, and I'd guess their passion for music has returned.  And, overall they've put out one of , if not, their most consistent albums ever.  I was going to do a track by track listing, but I'm feeling too lazy from work, so I'll mention some highlights.  Plus I'm sure there are others already.  Bridge burning gets a perfect 10/10 from me.  It's a high energy rocker, and easily my favorite song on the album.  I absolutely love the chorus in These days.  The lyrics, Dave's passion, his melody all come together great.  It reminds me of how people love to judge what someone's going through even though they've never been there.  How many times have you heard someone complain about people who have issues that still haunt them, and they'll say, \\"who cares if your camp counselor molested you.  Get over it.\\"  Now I'm fortunate to have never been through such experience, but I can imagine if I had, that'd still be affecting me today, so I guess \\"easy for them to say\\".  Ok..  Done with my soap box.  Great song, was my point.  Back and forth, is my other favorite song on here, although I could see others growing on me soon.  It's just a basic rocker with a good melody.  Overall I like the first seven songs quite a bit.  The album kind of tapers off a bit with the next three, althogh they're not in any way bad songs, and flow well with the album.  Then the albu has a decent closing track.      The album has quite a few decent rockers, some melodic songs thrown in there, and is just an all around joy to listen to, which is what a Foo Fighters album is suppose to be.    If you're a fan of the band, do yourself a favor and get this album.
B0058ZZDVS|5.0|Love the acting, story line and actors as a whole. Based on the genius that was hired by a large law firm and the crazy and twisted goings on of the firm. Very funny and sometimes empowering plots. A must see series if there ever was one. Usually on after burn notice, thur. nights on USA. Great follow up to an already classic in the making.
B004WKOCP8|1.0|I won't say I'm the biggest Incubus fan.   I tend to find that each album has its exceptional songs, Privilege, Stellar, Pardon me acoustic, Certain Shade of Green, Deep Inside, Anna Molly, Megalomaniac, Warning, etc, but they also had their boring filler songs.  I mean no offense to fans of the band, but that's just my take on them.    SIf you're looking for Science 2, well give up.  It won't happen ever again.  If you're looking for something like, Science, Make yourself, Morning view, Light grenades, etc, you won't find it here.    As others have said it's extremely soft, slow and boring.    I'll admit I'm not a fan of soft albums, but these guys have written some wonderful slow songs in the past.  I absolutely loved Stellar, drive, Warning, Mexico, Talk shows on mute, Dig, to name a few.  So, knowing it's an extremely slow album, I'd still assume I'd find a song or two I'd be willing to buy an mp3 of.  Not the case.   Granted I only listened to the album twice, but nothing, and I mean NOTHING, stuck out.  Yeah I'm disappointed there aren't any rockers on here, but I'm more disappointed there aren't any actual good songs on here.  If I managed to struggle through it several more times, I might be able to find something I might say is \\"ok\\", but that'd be it.  I like to have something from every album every band I like does, even if it's not the entire album.  I have songs from Metallica's load/reload, and even 1 from St anger.  I have songs from Megadeth's risk, and every lackluster Queensryche album that's come out over the past twelve years, until their newest one, which is equally as bad of an album.    There are so many good albums out there I enjoy I'm glad I didn't waste money on this thing.  You can probably youtube it, or listen somewhere online.  I'd recommend doing that before buying, won't recommend illegally downloading it, but that's out there too.      Get the Foo Fighters' latest, Wasting Light.  it's a much better album than this garbage.    I respect the fact bands need to grow and evolve or whatever, but they need to have some respect for their fans, and what they want to hear.  They're buying the albums after all.  I'm sure it's tough for a band to tread that line, but to just give up on what the fans want is just wrong.
0141192429|5.0|This is an excellent Victorian novel of intrigue and mystery. As usual with novels published serially in newspapers or magazines, the plot is complex and intricate, full of subplots and secondary characters (which really add to the fun). Along its main thread, a young drawing teacher, Walter Hartright, gets a job in a mansion, in the distant Northumberland. A day before going there, he has a very strange adventure which gets the story going. Once in the mansion, Walter simply bumps into a very strange family, composed by an uncle and two nieces, plus the usual servants and estate staff. The uncle, Mr. Fairlie, is simply an unforgettable character, a narcissistic, paranoid, and neurotic character, who lives secluded in a room, complaining of nervous hypersensibility. The younger niece is Laura, a very beautiful girl who lives in the company of her older sister, Marian Halcombe, not exactly pretty, but a strong-willed proto-feminist. Laura happens to be in a predicament: although she immediately falls in love with Walter, the affaire is doomed, since she promised her father, by his deathbed, that she would marry one Sir Percival Glyde, who has a mysterious past and a violent temper.    From then on,  a cazy plot of intrigue, conspiracy, betrayal, kidnapping, and murder develops, and during which the characters' fortunes change abruptly. When the maried couple moves to their estate in Hampshire, another couple of characters, both also unforgettable, enter the plot: Count Fosco and his wife. Beware of them: the huge, eccentric, manipulative and at the same time melifluous Count, and his silent, submissive wife. Dark, rainy nights; mysterious shadows running through the trees; spying through windows; damsels in distress; perfidious villains; everything you have always wanted in a Victorian novel is here, big time.    Collins, of course, was no Dickens (his friend and mentor) in terms of deep lyricism, absurd humor, diversity of subplots, and philosophical reflection, buthe was more careful in the development of the storyline, and also a genius in central-character creation. This is great good entertainment, and a wonderful window into Victorian times and idiosincracies. Much recommended.    PS: if you enjoy this one, perhaps you'd like to take a look at Eden Phillpott's \\"The Red Redmaynes\\".
1451629184|5.0|How do you explain Jaycee's story to a child? How do you explain Phillip?... or Nancy?... This is a NON-fiction book about real-life vampires living in the suburbs who rape and torture children. Unflinching and heroic from a pragmatic survivor of Auschwitz-like horrors. Extraordinary.
B0002EXH5O|2.0|The original 1990 version of Rust In Peace was a true masterpiece in thrash metal. Perfect compositions, killer lyrics, and tight, and dynamic production that jumped out of the speakers. This 2004 version however is absolutely terrible. The replaced vocal tracks sound awful, and the new remixing/remastering makes the album sound plastic, bloated, and the fact that the audio is a victim of the Loudness War causes unnecessary clipping and distortion in places where it shouldn't be.    If you're a true Megadeth fan, this version is worth getting just for the bonus tracks, but I highly recommend you look for the original 1990 version which can be found in used record stores, or even Amazon. It's truly disappointing that this version is the standard when it comes to broadcasting the songs through airplay on hard rock/metal stations, etc. The original should be re-issued/re-released, or whatever so that a fine recording isn't forgotten.
0300169787|5.0|This book is page after page of facinating pieces of fashion art. What a creative designer he was.  If you love fashion you'll love this book.
B004WJREMW|1.0|Easily McCartney's worst album... remastered. The songs are McCartney dabbling in 80's techno rubbish. Barely listenable back then and even harder to listen to today. Pass it up. BnB Beatles Depot
B000LTAY1U|4.0|Crown failed to operated as per the instructions provided. Watch was returned with request for replacement. Purchase price was refunded due to lack of replacement.
0545259088|4.0|FOREVER, by Maggie Stiefvater, is the final book in The Wolves of Mercy Falls series and what an ending it is! We last left off where Grace shifted into a wolf leaving Sam, Cole, and Isabel wondering if she will come home in the summer...    This book was incredibly bittersweet. I've loved this series since the beginning and it's all lead up to a wonderfully semi-wrapped up ending for these characters. I say semi because the ending was a bit open-ended but not a complete cliffhanger. I thought about the lives of these characters long after I finished reading and I appreciated that.     Many story lines intertwined through this book. We learn a lot more about Beck and Sam's relationship and the reason Beck bit Sam. Cole and Isabel's relationship was tumultuous at best, but darn it I love those two. The chemistry between them was electrically charged and I loved their banter. Isabel's father was in charge of the hunt for the wolves and the race to save Grace, Cole, and the other wolves from an unfair death. Sam and Grace were adorable as usual. Sam's unwavering love for Grace kept her grounded after everyone thinking he was the cause of her disappearance in the winter.     I loved getting into the mind of the wolf in this book. I don't recall there being too much of that in the previous books so I appreciated it in this one. The fight to keep some humanity while still a wolf was the most challenging for Cole, Sam, and Grace.     All these story lines built up to an amazing ending to the book and series. I look forward to more from Stiefvater in the future.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Jaycee Thank you so much for letting us into your horrific life story. I am so proud that you are a survivor. I have kept you and your family in my prayers since you were kidnapped. Some how I seemed to know you were alive. You are one trully amazing person who must have had an extrodinary mother to give you the strength you would need to endure and come out a winner. Your desire to raise your girls in a \\"normal\\" life is so loving and caring. You gave your life for them at all times. My heart goes to you for all the loss you suffered and I pray you will be able to continue your wish to become and author and do all that you drempt of doing. May the Lord be with you in all your endevours.
0064407667|4.0|It was dark, haunting, mysterious and witty.  Lemony Snicket has a talent.  It had all the element of a great book and it was a book that was easy to read in one sitting.     There some aspects of the book that were a bit disturbing, but I held on to every word until I was finished.    The characters were very different and all unique.  Count Olaf truly did have a streak of evil in him, The Baudelaire were ingenious.    The plot wasn't lacking at all.  It was extremely thorough and interesting.  There wasn't just one conflict, but many. This book definitely kept your mind busy, easily distracting you from the core problem at hand.    This is an incredible beginning and you will not want to miss it.
B004WKOCP8|1.0|Simply put, this is complete garbage!  If I would have time today I would have stopped and bought this and Sublime without a listen.  Glad I got a chance to preview it before I wasted my money.  Now I will just buy the new Sublime.
B0050CQY1W|1.0|[[ASIN:B0050CQY1W 4]]    SO IM HERE TO SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT. NOW IM NOT GOIN TO DISCREDIT BEYONCE AS A PERFORMER BUT REALLY WHO CARES ABOUT HER ANYMORE? SHE IS SO PREDICTABLE AND NOT INTRESTING TO WATCH ANYMORE. EVERYTHING IS THE SAME AS ITS ALWAYS BEEN BUT WORST. I THINK SHE CAN PREFOM HER BUTT OFF BUT HER MUSIC HAS NO SOUL. SHE LOOKS THE SAME SENSE THE BEGINING, THE SAME WEAVE, THE SAME STYLE, AND THIS NEW STYLE THAT SHE IS GOING FOR ISN'T WORKING. IF YOU PAY CLOSE ENOUGH ATTENTION, THOSE EYES TELL ALL. ITS SOMETHING ABOUT HER THAT MAKES ME TURN THE OTHER WAY, SHE SEEMS HATEFUL REALLY AND PUTS ON A SHOW TO BE INNOCENT. I REALLY DONT THINK SHE LIKES KELLY ROWLAND AND TO BE HONEST I THINK KELLY IS BEYONCE'S REAL SISTER. LOOK AT KELLY AND BEYONCE DAD. CAN YOU SAY TWINS! BUT THATS ANOTHER STORY. BOTTOM LINE BEYONCE SIT DOWN! YOUR TIME IS UP AND IM SO PROUD OF KELLY!!!
0679729895|5.0|I enjoyed every story in this book.  My favorite was Parson's Pleasure.  I was laughing so hard, I had tears coming down my face.  Lamb to the Slaughter and Royal Jelly are great too.  Dahl is a pleasure to read.  Try reading some of his sentences out loud.  His adult books are just as great as his children's books.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|Note: this is a review of the CD only, not the bonus DVD.  Fly from Here the new album by Yes is a masterpiece! The album itself has a timeless quality about it, and is a pleasure to listen to.   Trevor Horn ex-lead singer for Yes is once again with the band as strictly a producer/cowriter, and the product is brilliant.  Note: (Trevor Horn replaced Jon Anderson as lead vocalists in the band for the Drama album exclusively, as well as the tour in support of the album).   This release also marks the debut of Benot David the new lead singer for Yes, and I have to say I am extremely impressed with his vocals. David appears to sometimes sound a bit like Anderson, but more like Horn, so much so that at times one might think they were listening to something from Drama that was never released. That in fact is not far from the truth, as the title track \\"Fly from Here\\" an epic six part piece is based on a demo from 1980 entitled \\"We Can Fly from Here\\". Having expanded the demo track into the epic it now is was a fantastic idea, and it works mainly due to Benot David's vocal similarity to Trevor Horn. The other five tracks are primarily stand-alone tunes and are beautifully written and performed by the band as a whole. Rejoining Yes for Fly from Here is yet another member of the band from the Drama album, on keyboards completely outdoing himself is Geoff Downes, and Geoff is at the top of his game, and is refreshing to hear performing at his progressive rock peak. Longtime Yes members Chris Squire , Alan White, and Steve Howe are also in rare form, especially throughout the six part \\"Fly from Here\\".  This album signifies a new beginning for Yes, and brings us some closure from the days of Drama (one of my favorite albums), as well as opening the future for the band building on the Drama sound and taking it to an entirely new level. Fly from Here in many ways is the follow-up to Drama ,that we as Yes fans never got, and although many fans may refuse to accept any other singer then Jon Anderson, get over it! Change can be a good thing, and in the case of Fly from Here an exceptional musical experience!
0061784788|2.0|This is my first Sigma Force novel. It's also my last.  The storyline is creative, intriguing, outrageous and fun in a Clive Cussler tradition.  But I don't care to read novels where stupidity is the essential element.  In the face of an all-knowing, all-seeing enemy the superhero protagonist and his Sigma Force associates do one stupid or incompetent thing after another.  The only thing they seem to be able to do as well as the bad guys is arrange transportation by charter aircraft.  The good guys can't even secure an email and the bad guys are impenetrable.  Every time a male and female get together there has to be some kind of teen age electricity. It drags and drags with sidebar issues that are probably intended as character development, but are so unrelated to the storyline they simply distract.  The anti-hero and his non-significant other resolve their relationship in an unbelievable anti-climactic slog.  The \\"time stamping\\" of everything is artificial.<br /><br />Two stars for the basic plot, zero stars for the writing.
B004Y1USJE|5.0|Fly from Here the new album by Yes is a masterpiece! The album itself has a timeless quality about it, and is a pleasure to listen to.   Trevor Horn ex-lead singer for Yes is once again with the band as strictly a producer/cowriter, and the product is brilliant.  Note: (Trevor Horn replaced Jon Anderson as lead vocalists in the band for the Drama album exclusively, as well as the tour in support of the album).   This release also marks the debut of Benot David the new lead singer for Yes, and I have to say I am extremely impressed with his vocals. David appears to sometimes sound a bit like Anderson, but more like Horn, so much so that at times one might think they were listening to something from Drama that was never released. That in fact is not far from the truth, as the title track \\"Fly from Here\\" an epic six part piece is based on a demo from 1980 entitled \\"We Can Fly from Here\\". Having expanded the demo track into the epic it now is was a fantastic idea, and it works mainly due to Benot David's vocal similarity to Trevor Horn. The other five tracks are primarily stand-alone tunes and are beautifully written and performed by the band as a whole. Rejoining Yes for Fly from Here is yet another member of the band from the Drama album, on keyboards completely outdoing himself is Geoff Downes, and Geoff is at the top of his game, and is refreshing to hear performing at his progressive rock peak. Longtime Yes members Chris Squire , Alan White, and Steve Howe are also in rare form, especially throughout the six part \\"Fly from Here\\".  This album signifies a new beginning for Yes, and brings us some closure from the days of Drama (one of my favorite albums), as well as opening the future for the band building on the Drama sound and taking it to an entirely new level. Fly from Here in many ways is the follow-up to Drama ,that we as Yes fans never got, and although many fans may refuse to accept any other singer then Jon Anderson, get over it! Change can be a good thing, and in the case of Fly from Here an exceptional musical experience!
B004TTMYQG|5.0|This app is everything I could wish for in a Google Calendar app, and more. The developers are awesome in how they keep improving this app so that it does more than I expect. I tweaked the Week View to show one day because I like that &quot;day&quot; view better. Search function, drag &amp; drop... it's a must-have app!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I basically could not stop watching this miniseries. I don't have time at anyone time to watch this type of mini series when on HBO. Thois was fantastic in portrayal of our infancy as a country.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|anything that hasn't been said. I'm a huge Star Wars fan. Huge enough to want the best for my beloved trilogy (the original) and this set isn't delivering the best, so I'm waiting until I, and the millions of other fans can have that. It's best for everyone.
B0055D3EOG|1.0|This movie poorly tossed in a bunch of nonsense and stirred it all together - it took elements of Exorcist, Nightmare on Elm St, Poltergeist, and Night of the Living Dead - and did them all poorly.<br />Mildly creepy and strange - and totally laughable - not scary at all.<br />Skip this, and go rewatch a classic instead.
B001F1YBPI|3.0|There are already many very useful reviews that anyone contemplating a purchase of this DVD should read. But as some are describing apples and other oranges, I hope that they will also read the present text. If they don't they are in danger of disappointment. There is a confusion here that lies squarely in Amazon's domain, as they have combined reviews on standard DVDs with those on Blu-Ray discs. My comments relate to a Medici/ EuroArts/Arte version (not BLU-RAY) of exactly the same performance as everyone else is describing. The key issue is whether you are looking for a minimalistic approach to this music, or a more full-blooded version; and whether you favour period instruments over their modern counterparts. Let us deal with the latter first. This is uniformly magnificent music, among the greatest orchestral masterpieces of all time. They deserve nothing but the best, in performers and in the instruments on which they perform. The sound here, especially from the strings, is thin and scrawny. It is not the fault of the players, who consistently show tremendous technical skill and musicianship, but they are severely limited by their instruments in what they can achieve. I have no doubt that if Bach were alive today he would prefer to write for the modern orchestra, and would be greatly relieved to hear his works played accordingly. Going back to the first criticism, the situation is made worse by the sparseness of the players in any single concerto: as few as seven in No 6, and no more than 16 in any other, although Abbado had 19 strings available to him as well as 10 wind instruments. Seven players make up a septet, not an orchestra. They can make pretty sounds, but they can never achieve the texture and grandeur of a fuller ensemble. These works have been played in concert by some of the world's greatest symphony orchestras, and the results for me have been altogether more satisfying than the lean cuisine  offered up here. Next, to Abbado himself. He must be given credit for establishing and training this talented group, and he must be castigated for misusing their talents in these performances. The camera focuses almost exclusively upon the players, occasionally on the lovely auditorium in Reggio Emilia, and least of all upon Abbado himself. Most of the time he stands around twiddling his thumbs, and in No 6 he does n't even appear at all. Meantime, the players seem to be having a ball and are clearly smiling to each other and thoroughly enjoying themselves, like pupils in a schoolroom where the teacher has fallen asleep. Still, I suppose that Abbado has to assume ultimate responsibility for what is going on. I greatly admire his ability, having seen many times what he can do with an orchestra in the flesh, and I have more of his DVDs than of any other conductor; but on the basis of this performance he does not seem to get the hang of Bach. His tempi and his volume changes are often clumsy and bizarre, nowhere more so than in the exquisite  4th movement of the 1st Concerto where he hushes the lovely Trio to an inaudible pianissimo. There is something quite eerie about the audience. We see them but we never hear them, no applause, not even the occasional cough, until everything is over, and then they clap like mad, drawing a well-merited encore from that virtuoso trumpeter, Reinhold Friedrich. There is a booklet with a track list, the members of the ensemble and their instruments, and two pages about the creation of the so-called Mozart Orchestra and the Brandenburg Concertos. There are no extras other than trailers for other EuroArts DVDs. An Audio control offers three options, but none could improve for me the poor quality of the sound that seemed to have an uncomfortable treble bias, so unlike other fine DVDs I have enjoyed from this company.  When it was all over, I went back to the very first vinyl records that I purchased in the 1950s: the fine Decca issue of these works by the Stuttgart Chamber Orchestra under KarlMunchinger. I could not get over how superior in sound and performance they still are. I would be agreeably surprised if BLU-RAY technology could remedy the defects here other than in improved sound quality.
0316113506|5.0|All educators should be required to read the first two chapters, then they would understand why President Ma of Taiwan immediately increased physical education time and ordered 10,000 copies of the book in Chinese for all the libraries in Taiwan. Then again anyone who wants to live a long healthy life should read the last two chapters and will find the motivation to keep exercising. As someone who has exercised for her entire life it completely changed how I exercise.
0756404738|1.0|One thing I can say for Patrick Rothfuss is that he has great ideas. Unfortunately, great ideas do not a great story make. The Wise Man's Fear is the second book in a trilogy, and the third published work of Patrick Rothfuss. The first book, The Name of the Wind, was a bestseller. I have heard rumors that it took Rothfuss eleven years of revisions and rewrites to finally get it published. Whether that is true or not, his hard work paid off. Since the release of The Name of the Wind, the internet hype over the book and the future of the trilogy has been building, and building, and building. Rothfuss has developed a cultlike following of fans yearning to know what happens next. There were so many mysteries given in The Name of the Wind without any answers.<br /><br />What do I have to say about the first book? It was a fun read that ultimately led nowhere. There was no conflict. There was no resolution. There was nothing to be resolved. It was like the ramblings of an old man, talking to be heard, and listened to, and acknowledged. It was quite entertaining, in the way that cake tastes good but has little nutritional value in it.<br /><br />What did I think of the second book in the series? Well, let's find out. We were left with many burning questions at the end of The Name of the Wind. Would Kvothe learn to control the Wind? How would he be thrown out of the University? Would he ever become an Arcanist? Would he find some way to make money? Would he ever avenge his parents? How did he come from the promising youth seeking clues to the supernatural beings that murdered his family to the broken down innkeeper telling the story? Would he ever make any sort of progress with Denna, or would my book simply explode while I read it because of the pent up sexual tension?<br /><br />Were any of these questions answered in The Wise Man's Fear? Not a one. So let's take a look at Patrick Rothfuss' Kingkiller Chronicle book 2: Wise Man's Fear. Or, as I like to call it: The Name of the Wind 2: Kvothe Gets Laid.<br /><br />The Wise Man's Fear picks up where The Name of the Wind left off, with a much older Kvothe, now an innkeeper, telling the story of his life to the king's Chronicler. It is a story in three parts, told in three days, much like the silence that haunts his inn. At first I didn't get the whole silence in three parts thing, but then I realized the writer was trying to be clever and failing miserably at it. As a metaphor it falls very flat, and it's too ambiguous for most people to pick up on.<br /><br />As Kvothe begins his story, the book switches from third person to first person. He begins his next term of schooling at the University. Some of his teachers love him, others hate him. He's made friends and enemies. Unfortunately, we've already read this before. It seems like the last half The Name of the Wind has basically been retold here in the first half of The Wise Man's Fear.<br /><br />Luckily, the plot finally intervenes, and Kvothe takes a year off from his schooling for adventure, and hopefully to fill his pockets with a little money to fight off his abject poverty. An acquaintance conveniently knows of a rich and powerful nobleman in a distant land that is looking for a clever young musician to help him win the heart of the lady he has his eye on. Fortunately, Kvothe happens to be a clever young musician. Convenient...<br /><br />To make an extremely long story short, he foils an assassination plot, gains the nobleman's trust, and helps him woo his girl. In a completely pointless tangent he's sent on a mission to bring bandits to justice, loses himself on a tangent from the tangent when he meets a seductress who teaches him how to please women. Then the tangent from the tangent takes another tangent to another distant land where he learns to tangent from a group of tangentary tangents, but is tangented by yet another tangent after leaving when he tangents upon some young tangents in need of being tangentially tangentedaway from--wait, what as I talking about again? Oh right, I'm reviewing a book. One could say that the entire last half of the book is just one gigantic tangent that has absolutely nothing to do with anything, and ultimately leads nowhere.<br /><br />Falling out with his lordly employer, Kvothe returns to school with an arrangement that for his services his education and expenses at school would be taken care of. At which point he resumes his school life as if nothing has happened and the book ends rather abruptly, again with no climax, no conflict, and no resolution.<br /><br />The good? Patrick Rothfuss has an excellent sense of humor. The book is worth reading for that alone. Kvothe is an interesting character, if not very realistic. It seems as though everything Rothfuss is not and wanted to be is shoved into Kvothe and he's basically a god amongst men, excellent at everything and smarter than he has a right to be. But he can be very entertaining at times too. Despite all the bitching I do about this book, it was still highly entertaining, and worth reading at least once. The world and the magic system are very well thought out, and the different cultures and races seem very distinct and real.<br /><br />The bad? Oh, boy, this is going to take a really long time. There is just so much to complain about in this book. First of all it is very evident that Rothfuss has ABSOLUTELY no respect for women whatsoever. Almost every woman in this book is a whore that exists for the sole purpose of pleasuring, comforting, or otherwise confounding Kvothe. News flash Pat, women are people too. Just thought you'd like to know. From my own dealings with the man, he is kind of a dick. I wouldn't put sexism past him.<br /><br />Half of this book is copy and paste from the first book. The other half has little to no point and goes absolutely nowhere. There's no conflict, there's no suspense, there's nothing like a normal story arch. There is no climax because the book doesn't build up to anything. Like I said earlier, Patrick Rothfuss has great ideas, but no storytelling skills to apply them to. The whole narrative is incoherent and nonsensical. You have to reward your readers with a climactic event or two for sticking with you through the whole book, Pat.<br /><br />Far too much of the book is made up of characters telling allegorical stories that really have little point or purpose except to take up space in a book that is already FAR too long for what actually happens in it. Unfortunately, they don't fit very well because they take up huge amounts of the book and leave the characters with very little in the way of worth after having listened to them. The lessons they learn could have been simply taught through other means or much, much shorter stories. The huge amount of tangents that the story takes makes it feel as though the writer made it up as he went along. It's really so incoherent, and so rambling that I believe this book should have been marketed more as a collection of short stories than a novel. The frequent interruptions back to the present day where Kvothe discusses aspects of his story are annoying and hugely distracting, breaking up whatever little suspense that the writer managed to cultivate. Not a single question raised in the first book was answered, or even addressed in this book, in fact this book picks up as though there were no questions left by the first book and does nothing to either build up the mystery of them, or move closer to answering them. It is as though the writer completely forgot all of them and moved on to something else.<br /><br />If you'll excuse me, I have another review to write.<br /><br />If you've read The Name of the Wind you have no need to read The Wise Man's fear, because you've already read it. It's basically the same book, and there isn't a single thing necessary to the overall story that happens in it. When book 3 eventually comes out, you could probably pick it up after reading book 1and not have missed a single thing. This book was completely unnecessary, and utterly pointless.<br /><br />I have never liked the first person perspective very much. It gives a very narrow view of the world as you can only see, experience and feel the world through the eyes of a single character. You have no other views to give perspective. I always find the contrasting views of different characters to give the world and story a lot more flavor than simply following the words of a single character. However, some of my favorite books are written in first person. It can be done well, and for the most part Patrick Rothfuss does good things with it, but when he moves to the parts of the book that happen in the present day he switches to third person and the contrast is jarring and almost as distracting as the actual interruptions themselves. Especially because he does not seem to be as talented in writing third person as he is at writing first person.<br /><br />Rothfuss goes out of his way to shoehorn the title of the book into the story in several places and it's really distracting. It was like he came up with a great sounding title, and then completely drew a blank on why the book should be called that, then dropped a couple references in after the fact. They're awful, and come close to breaking the fourth wall on top of it.<br /><br />The ugly? Lots and lots of sex. There are so many graphic sex scenes in this book that I started to wonder if it shouldn't have had a shirtless, ripped, long-haired dude on the cover and a title more like Warrior of Passion, or some such nonsense from the porn--er, I mean Romance--section of the bookstore. Everywhere Kvothe goes, there's some chick that wants to lay him. I wonder what his secret is... Must be the Axe body spray. In real life, no man has women throwing themselves at him to jump his bones simply because he's the main character in the story of his own life. News flash, women don't typically think or act like that. If I were a girl reading this book I think I'd find myself highly offended by this. It's almost as though he's the bearer of the One Wang. Yes, the fabled One Wang of Power. The One Wang to rule them all. The One Wang to find them. The One Wang to bring them all, and in the darkness... well, you know.<br /><br />Denna.<br /><br />I.<br /><br />HAAAAAAAAAATE!!!!!!!!!!!<br /><br />FREAKING.<br /><br />DENNA!!!<br /><br />Oh my holy hell, I hate this character. Talk about doing EVERYTHING you possibly could in character creation wrong. I get that the writer obviously wanted to make a mysterious female character for the male lead to fall for, someone who equals his own mysteriousness. And when that sort of thing is done well, it works out spectacularly, but you can only drag it out so far before it becomes annoying, distracting, and downright torturous. Rothfuss has completely and utterly failed in making a compelling love interest. Why do I hate her so much? Because, frankly, she's just a badly crafted and written character. She is bland. So much so that Rothfuss should be both highly embarrassed and ashamed of her. She is boring. She is annoying. She is none too bright. She tries to be clever, but isn't... AT ALL. She is not a realistic portrayal of a woman in the slightest bit. She serves no purpose to the plot whatsoever and is blatantly shoehorned in where she does not belong because someone decided that every work of fiction just HAS to have a love story in it. Her faux mysteriousness is badly written, contrived BS that does little but annoy the reader and make her even more painful to sit through. And, most importantly, she adds NOTHING of value to the story even in the barest possible meaning of the term! In short, she is completely unlikable in any way, shape or form. Besides being completely unlikeable there isn't even a shred of chemistry between her and Kvothe, and their relationship fails completely because it's been dragged out FAR too long. Even the most rabidTwi-tard would likely agree on that point.<br /><br />Sometime in the story SOMETHING has to happen between them. You can't just keep building up between two people that honestly have no reason to fall in love with each other and call it a love story. DO SOMETHING!!! And for the record I do not count an argument that has absolutely nothing to do with their relationship in any way to be \\"something\\" happening in said relationship. Rothfuss keeps playing up her mysteriousness to such a degree that I finally just started flipping through and skimming all chapters with her in them rather than reading them because they piss me off too much. I just can't stand her. I get it, she's terribly mysterious, GET TO THE DAMN POINT ALREADY!!! She turns an otherwise awesome character into a whining, crying, spineless, pussy, stalker. Her character is so distracting and utterly painful to be subjected to that she completely ruins the book all on her own. If every other gripe I had about the book mysteriously disappeared, the presence of Denna alone would have ruined it. Worst of all, this painful mess of a love story, has yet to serve any purpose to the overall plot. Oh, it may come into play in the third and final book, but suffering through this horrible, boring, emotionless, and frankly unbelievable abomination for two books leading up to it is asking too much. There haven't even been any hints whatsoever that it may, in fact, be important later on to what passes for a plot in Patrick Rothfuss' universe. It's a contrived, annoying, distracting, and frankly painful waste of time.<br /><br />Remove Denna from the series entirely and it is a much better series. I do not know who came up with the rule that in every work of fiction there must needs be a love story, but guess what. Sometimes, you really don't need one. It becomes superfluous and takes away from the story instead of adding to it. This series certainly would benefit a GREAT DEAL without one. Why? Because Rothfuss doesn't know the first thing about love, which is painfully obvious if you've read even one scene between Kvothe and Denna. He doesn't seem to understand what love is, or how it works. He seems to subscribe to the George Lucas version of love. Two talented and good looking people are together... TADAAAAAAH, IT'S LOVE!!! now shut up and enjoy your ridiculously over the top computer animated explosion fest of a climax. If you can't craft a believable and compelling love story. STOP. Take two steps back. And completely remove it from your book, because the story is better off without it than it is when it completely fails.<br /><br />A love story has to develop and always be moving. Whether it be forward or backward, it must always be going somewhere. The characters have to get to know each other and fall in love through mutual experiences and differences, not randomly meet here and there and have a boring conversation with a convenience that stretches credulity and coincidence alike. The supposed relationship between Kvothe and Denna goes exactly NOWHERE, and it leaves you wondering why the author keeps trying to tell us that there is even a so-called love story between these two characters at all in the first place. There has to be some sort of progress made. You can't throw two good looking people together that have no reason to fall in love with each other and call it a love story. There is nothing about this love story that is a.) even a love story and b.) the slightest bit interesting.<br /><br />And yet Kvothe continuously pines after this girl as though he has any sort of meaningful relationship with her when there is no reason whatsoever for him to even care that she exists, other than that she's a girl and he's a boy. There may be some small, one-sided physical attraction on his part, but physical attraction does not equal love. The attraction is NOT mutual, however, and that is plainly obvious in the way that Denna acts and speaks to Kvothe. The lengths to which theauthor goes to assure us that there is a love story here are almost as creepy as the lengths to which Kvothe goes to stalk her. Especially because she has expressed no romantic interest in him at all and frequently attaches herself to other men IN HIS PRESENCE, INCLUDING his arch-nemesis Ambrose. AND THEN, Kvothe himself basically bones every girl he meets in the entire book OTHER THAN HER!!! What is this? This isn't a love story. These characters have absolutely no chemistry, couldn't care less about each other romantically going solely by their actions, and constantly boink other people throughout the book. Do you even understand what love is Pat? From this book I can definitely say that you do not. I haven't seen such a failure to write a compelling love story since Attack of the Clones. And I'm not just biased against love stories because I'm a guy. I will admit that I do enjoy the occasional, well done love story, so long as it actually serves a purpose to the plot, or makes me feel that these characters truly do love each other and deserve to be together--two things that are lacking here, so much so, in fact that it completely and utterly ruins the entire series from the first page Denna walked in on. The moment she showed up was the moment this series was irrevocably ruined. I can't wait for her foreshadowed death because I will cheer with joy the day I read her last words. Until then, I award Patrick Rothfuss the George Lucas Totally Understands Love Stories Award.<br /><br />So, after all is said and done, is The Wise Man's Fear really as bad as I make it out to be? YES!!! IT IS!!! But at the same time, no. It really isn't that horrible. If you can ignore that this entire book is completely pointless and full of a non-love story that is really starting to grate, it can be quite entertaining. The sense of humor, and Kvothe as a character, are enough to keep you interested through the good and the bad alike. Denna is annoying and pointless, but you can skip any chapter about her and miss little to nothing because she's not important to the plot and serves no purpose at all except to make Kvothe lovesick for reasons I've yet to understand. If graphic sex scenes offend you, you'll be doing quite a bit of skipping ahead. As I said before, this book was completely unnecessary, and did nothing at all to ultimately advance the plot. If you come at it as a work of comedy rather than part of a grand epic fantasy, then you'll likely be entertained by the humor. On the other hand, you could pick up book 3 when it comes out and not be lost at all, because this book was about nothing. The characters did not learn, grow or progress at all, and it ends as it begins, with Kvothe in school, dealing with the same problems he was dealing with in the beginning. He hasn't taken anything away from his misadventures. He hasn't learned any lessons. He's the same character he was at the beginning. There's a great story in here somewhere, the author keeps hinting at great events to come, but he never takes any steps closer to them. It's the best book about absolutely nothing that you'll ever read.<br /><br />I give The Wise Man's Fear 1 star. It loses points in complete lack of plot, endless tangents, painfully repeated use of pointless allegory, and inflicting Denna's completely horrible and superfluous side story on us. The only thing that kept me reading this book was the sense of humor. Without the constant hilarity that usually seems a little out of place in a serious fantasy novel I would not have been able to finish it. Patrick Rothfuss seemed so promising after his debut novel, but I doubt his will be a lasting name in the world of fantasy fiction unless his next book makes some major improvements upon the pile of steaming crap he served us with The Wise Man's Fear. He has obvious talent, but lacks any skill to apply it to. I've already faced quite a bit of nerd rage in speaking my thoughts on this book, but I stand by everything thatI've said about it.Twi-tard would likely agree on that point.<br /><br />Sometime in the story SOMETHING has to happen between them. You can't just keep building up between two people that honestly have no reason to fall in love with each other and call it a love story. DO SOMETHING!!! And for the record I do not count an argument that has absolutely nothing to do with their relationship in any way to be \\"something\\" happening in said relationship. Rothfuss keeps playing up her mysteriousness to such a degree that I finally just started flipping through and skimming all chapters with her in them rather than reading them because they piss me off too much. I just can't stand her. I get it, she's terribly mysterious, GET TO THE DAMN POINT ALREADY!!! She turns an otherwise awesome character into a whining, crying, spineless, pussy, stalker. Her character is so distracting and utterly painful to be subjected to that she completely ruins the book all on her own. If every other gripe I had about the book mysteriously disappeared, the presence of Denna alone would have ruined it. Worst of all, this painful mess of a love story, has yet to serve any purpose to the overall plot. Oh, it may come into play in the third and final book, but suffering through this horrible, boring, emotionless, and frankly unbelievable abomination for two books leading up to it is asking too much. There haven't even been any hints whatsoever that it may, in fact, be important later on to what passes for a plot in Patrick Rothfuss' universe. It's a contrived, annoying, distracting, and frankly painful waste of time.<br /><br />Remove Denna from the series entirely and it is a much better series. I do not know who came up with the rule that in every work of fiction there must needs be a love story, but guess what. Sometimes, you really don't need one. It becomes superfluous and takes away from the story instead of adding to it. This series certainly would benefit a GREAT DEAL without one. Why? Because Rothfuss doesn'tknow the first thing about love, which is painfully obvious if you've read even one scene between Kvothe and Denna. He doesn't seem to understand what love is, or how it works. He seems to subscribe to the George Lucas version of love. Two talented and good looking people are together... TADAAAAAAH, IT'S LOVE!!! now shut up and enjoy your ridiculously over the top computer animated explosion fest of a climax. If you can't craft a believable and compelling love story. STOP. Take two steps back. And completely remove it from your book, because the story is better off without it than it is when it completely fails.<br /><br />A love story has to develop and always be moving. Whether it be forward or backward, it must always be going somewhere. The characters have to get to know each other and fall in love through mutual experiences and differences, not randomly meet here and there and have a boring conversation with a convenience that stretches credulity and coincidence alike. The supposed relationship between Kvothe and Denna goes exactly NOWHERE, and it leaves you wondering why the author keeps trying to tell us that there is even a so-called love story between these two characters at all in the first place. There has to be some sort of progress made. You can't throw two good looking people together that have no reason to fall in love with each other and call it a love story. There is nothing about this love story that is a.) even a love story and b.) the slightest bit interesting.<br /><br />And yet Kvothe continuously pines after this girl as though he has any sort of meaningful relationship with her when there is no reason whatsoever for him to even care that she exists, other than that she's a girl and he's a boy. There may be some small, one-sided physical attraction on his part, but physical attraction does not equal love. The attraction is NOT mutual, however, and that is plainly obvious in the way that Denna acts and speaks to Kvothe. The lengths to which theauthor goes to assure us that there is a love story here are almost as creepy as the lengths to which Kvothe goes to stalk her. Especially because she has expressed no romantic interest in him at all and frequently attaches herself to other men IN HIS PRESENCE, INCLUDING his arch-nemesis Ambrose. AND THEN, Kvothe himself basically bones every girl he meets in the entire book OTHER THAN HER!!! What is this? This isn't a love story. These characters have absolutely no chemistry, couldn't care less about each other romantically going solely by their actions, and constantly boink other people throughout the book. Do you even understand what love is Pat? From this book I can definitely say that you do not. I haven't seen such a failure to write a compelling love story since Attack of the Clones. And I'm not just biased against love stories because I'm a guy. I will admit that I do enjoy the occasional, well done love story, so long as it actually serves a purpose to the plot, or makes me feel that these characters truly do love each other and deserve to be together--two things that are lacking here, so much so, in fact that it completely and utterly ruins the entire series from the first page Denna walked in on. The moment she showed up was the moment this series was irrevocably ruined. I can't wait for her foreshadowed death because I will cheer with joy the day I read her last words. Until then, I award Patrick Rothfuss the George Lucas Totally Understands Love Stories Award.<br /><br />So, after all is said and done, is The Wise Man's Fear really as bad as I make it out to be? YES!!! IT IS!!! But at the same time, no. It really isn't that horrible. If you can ignore that this entire book is completely pointless and full of a non-love story that is really starting to grate, it can be quite entertaining. The sense of humor, and Kvothe as a character, are enough to keep you interested through the good and the bad alike. Denna is annoying and pointless, but you can skipany chapter about her and miss little to nothing because she's not important to the plot and serves no purpose at all except to make Kvothe lovesick for reasons I've yet to understand. If graphic sex scenes offend you, you'll be doing quite a bit of skipping ahead. As I said before, this book was completely unnecessary, and did nothing at all to ultimately advance the plot. If you come at it as a work of comedy rather than part of a grand epic fantasy, then you'll likely be entertained by the humor. On the other hand, you could pick up book 3 when it comes out and not be lost at all, because this book was about nothing. The characters did not learn, grow or progress at all, and it ends as it begins, with Kvothe in school, dealing with the same problems he was dealing with in the beginning. He hasn't taken anything away from his misadventures. He hasn't learned any lessons. He's the same character he was at the beginning. There's a great story in here somewhere, the author keeps hinting at great events to come, but he never takes any steps closer to them. It's the best book about absolutely nothing that you'll ever read.<br /><br />I give The Wise Man's Fear 1 star. It loses points in complete lack of plot, endless tangents, painfully repeated use of pointless allegory, and inflicting Denna's completely horrible and superfluous side story on us. The only thing that kept me reading this book was the sense of humor. Without the constant hilarity that usually seems a little out of place in a serious fantasy novel I would not have been able to finish it. Patrick Rothfuss seemed so promising after his debut novel, but I doubt his will be a lasting name in the world of fantasy fiction unless his next book makes some major improvements upon the pile of steaming crap he served us with The Wise Man's Fear. He has obvious talent, but lacks any skill to apply it to. I've already faced quite a bit of nerd rage in speaking my thoughts on this book, but I stand by everything thatI've said about it.
B004WPT3ZM|5.0|At first, I thought that this was going to be a repackage of the 2004 \\"Remastering,\\" I was mistaken. This version is a true remastering, as all of the master tapes were found and used on this edition, and it sounds better than ever. The 2nd disc includes a live show recorded in 1987, which is a nice treat and makes this worth your money all the more. Finally a remastering that does the original justice, now if only the rest of the discography were given this treatment.
B00005N6KG|1.0|The cord is only 3 feet long making it difficult to use for any practical purpose.  Recommend against purchasing.  I bought, tried to use, and returned the item.
B004LWZW24|5.0|INSIDIOUS is easily one of the very best Haunted fright flicks I've ever seen! I don't mean in recent years, I mean one of the very best ever! Like alot of you I have feasted my eyes on many a horror film over the years. lots of bad ones, riddled with good ones, and cherry topped with a low count of brilliant ones, and IMO I must say, aside from a few tiny but overall insignificant flaws, this film is overwhelmingly brilliant! It takes the best aspects from some of the greatest horror films of the past and then ties it all together with it's own original and very creative string. I have not been this satisfied after viewing a modern American horror film in quite a while! James Wan and company should be very proud of what they've accomplished here. Once you suspend your disbelief, all bets are off, Your knuckles are gonna turn white as a ghost!
B00092ZL80|2.0|the 2 groups on these cd's were awesome. but in the middle of the 2nd cd,something weird happened & it cut out 2 of my favorite songs,i am so disappointed. i will be sending this back & hope to get a replacement that doesn't have this same flaw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B004SBX112|1.0|Im pissed off!! Seasons doesn't work. I paid for an app I can't use. Won't download or install even with wifi. FIX IT ROVIO!!!
B000002L1L|4.0|The Battle Rages On is the fourteenth studio album from Deep Purple, released in 1993, the final release of the MKII line up and therefor the last ever release with guitarist Ritchie Blackmore.<br /><br />If you found yourself a fan of the band's 1980's work, but also wished it was a little more guitar centered, then The Battle Rages On will be right up your street.<br />The album isn't all guitar however, if you enjoy John Lord's key solos, then this album should appeal; Lord has been mixed highly and gets a lot of time to stretch his fingers.<br /><br />In terms of production and musical direction, things are generally a little more hard rock than the previous three albums, less of the 80s influence. All the same, it doesn't fully return to the classic 1970s sound, which may leave some fans out in the cold. In all honesty, you'll know before you begin whether a 1993 Deep Purple album is something you will give a fair chance to, or instantly dismiss.<br /><br />Some Deep Purple fans say the band were lacking in original ideas, for example `Ramshackle Man,' may occasionally get some stick for sounding a bit like their classic track `Lazy,' in spirit, but it is fresh and different in execution and `Time To Kill' and has a melody similar to Queen's `Hammer To Fall,' but only in a vague sort of way.<br /><br />Highlights include the fast and heavy, almost metal-like `A Twist In The Tale,' in addition to the storming opener that is the title track, and fan favourite `Anya.'<br /><br />Overall, the album isn't on a par with the very best material, but is still worthwhile and its perhaps their best album since their 8 year brake up. Worth buying if you want more from Deep Purple and have exhausted their 70s output, Definitely a must buy if you enjoyed their 80s output.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This purchase was a Father's Day Gift. My husband finds these videos very inspiring so he was so pleased to recieve them on Father's Day. Amazon provided what they described and shipped very quickly.
B001EKSW82|5.0|Amon Amrth's seventh studio album Twilight Of The Thunder God helped bring the band more much deserved attention when it was released back in 2008.<br /><br />The album is a very strong rendition of the formula that Amon Amarth have been perfecting over the last decade, the perfect slick and professional culmination of a formula that was developed throughout their career.<br /><br />Twilight Of The Thunder God is an album of intensely high quality, no one track is weak or out of place, the production couldn't be better and the band all are skilled musicians who deserve the accolades now being given to them.<br /><br />The twin guitar leads, thundering double-kick lines and roaring death-vocals are all still there, the Norse/Viking themes are still present , everything that Amon Amarth do is done, and done well.<br /><br />The choice to include guest musicians seems a little out of character for Amon Amarth, but then it works well within the context of the album so isn't something to worry about.<br /><br />The album is of such a consistent quality that it is difficult to choose highlights, the title track and Guardians of Asgaard are my personal favourites but everything on this album is good.<br /><br />To summarize, Twilight Of The Thunder God is a strong album, delivering the trademark Amon Amarth style with a remarkably good execution. If you like the band it is certainly an album you should to buy.
1451629184|5.0|What a touching and inspiring memoir from an incredible young lady. I read this book in two days. This is an incredible story of strength and survival. She is brave for writing it, defiantly exposing her perpetrators.<br />It probably could use some editing, this book. One thing about it as that you know this is all Jaycee, her experiences, completely raw and the truth on its pages.<br />I applaud her actions with the JAYC foundation she started and her actions in the world especially having been a prisoner and not being in the world speak volumes about her as does this book.
B0016OCUW0|5.0|2006's With Oden On Our Side is my personal favourite Amon Amarth record. The band recorded some of their best music here, which is high praise considering that the band have never put out a bad album.<br /><br />Amon Amarth release high quality music, with impressive twin lead guitar harmonies, hammering double kicks and Johan Hegg's incredibly enjoyable death-vocals over the top of it all, in an audible and clear way that helps the band stand out.<br /><br />The band's Norse/Viking imagery and lyrics helps set a great atmosphere but don't think Amon Amarth are a gimmick band, they have the musical skills and songwriting prowess to back it up.<br /><br />The album is of a very constant quality so there is no filler or weaker songs to discount, everything on With Oden On Our Side is great. Standout tracks are the famous `Runes To My Memory,' the dynamic `Cry of the Black Birds' and the fabulous title track, which is easily one of the best songs the band have produced to date.<br /><br />Overall, Amon Amarth are a great band and With Oden On Our Side is a great example of what they do, it still has the fire and passion of their earlier work and yet also the slick, perfection of their later work. Just a great bunch of heavy, enjoyable songs all around.
B004KD5TQI|5.0|Best movie soundtrack ever is the perfect description for Sucker Punch ... Obviously because Sucker Punch was the BEST MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0553801473|1.0|Ponderous and Bloated<br /><br />Other reviews, even the glowing ones, mention the slowness of the book and the lack of any satisfying resolutions, which some have graciously termed \\"cliff-hangers\\" although many of the unresolved plotlines fail to reach the crescendo of suspense which separates a true cliff-hanger from merely a dangling thread.<br /><br />For example, a certain richly-characterized crowd favorite that is central to the excitement in previous books now spends this entire book traveling to rendezvous with someone else, crisscrossing a continent, making detailed observations of the types of tortoise to be found in the rivers down which he is forced to travel, such as, \\"The early morning was the best time for seeing turtles. During the day they would swim down deep, or hide in cuts along the banks, but when the sun was newly risen they came to the surface. Some liked to swim beside the boat. [He] had glimpsed a dozen different sorts: [a long list of turtle types]\\" But despite this wonderful and fascinating attention to the fauna en route, by the end, this previously dynamic figure has yet to actually contribute anything of substance to the storyline beyond world- and bestiary-building. Mere miles from his destination, he can't gain access, and his audience is momentarily off on a dragon jaunt, anyway. This is, no doubt, one of the \\"cliff-hangers\\" that other reviews mention.<br /><br />Less Compelling<br /><br />In this book, the reader will be introduced to several major new characters, including one who ultimately figures to be as prominent as Dany and Jon. From an author known for breaking the high-fantasy mold and painting absorbingly complex characters with whom readers can identify, this new arrival is actually rather flatly characterized as a typical \\"eager young blade trained in secret for greatness and itching to prove himself\\" with no compelling backstory beyond having spent his life in a fishing village, washing his own clothes in between lessons in ancient languages, realm management, and swordfighting. The old characters, as well, go down new and much less engaging paths. I'm looking at you, Tyrion Lannister.<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />While AFFC had given me some doubts about the vitality of this series, after reading through the half-hearted nudge that this book gives to advancing the overarcing plot, I am now prepared to conclude that the author has lost control of his narrative and the connection to his world and its inhabitants that had provided such vivid, balanced and engrossing characters and intriguing plot twists in the past. It doesn't bode well for the completion or the quality of the remainder. Although others with more investment in the world may be seated for the duration of the ride, I likely will be getting off at this stop.ons in ancient languages, realm management, and swordfighting. The old characters, as well, go down new and much less engaging paths. I'm looking at you, Tyrion Lannister.<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />While AFFC had given me some doubts about the vitality of this series, after reading through the half-hearted nudge that this book gives to advancing the overarcing plot, I am now prepared to conclude that the author has lost control of his narrative and the connection to his world and its inhabitants that had provided such vivid, balanced and engrossing characters and intriguing plot twists in the past. It doesn't bode well for the completion or the quality of the remainder. Although others with more investment in the world may be seated for the duration of the ride, I likely will be getting off at this stop.
1401201911|5.0|It really could of easily been a very bland \\"us vs them\\" story, but Mark Miller's cold war superman makes us look at a world of what if the there was only one super power nation and Russia and Communism work the way Marx intended...kind of. This is more of a human story then I was expecting. I want to go into greater detail but I don't want to spoil it. I'll just close with pick it up if you want a great story with beautiful artwork and some great action.
B004Z7AHZC|5.0|If you're looking for a good family movie -- or just a couple of hours of quiet while your kids or grandkids are occupied -- this is worth getting. (You might even enjoy it yourself.)
1932100660|5.0|I am an oncologist in Brazil and this book answers and/or confirms many things I knew already. It's a pleasure to read this and see everything well documented. People should wake up and start changing their diets, otherwise they will continue to be victims of the Big Pharma and their symptom-targeted drugs.
B000003TA4|5.0|hasta mi hija de 2 aos disfruta moviendo la cabeza con el track No. 1 y el track No. 4 lo aplaude cuando finaliza.
1878424114|3.0|I acknowledge the truth expressed in this book and I accept it as it applies to my existence. However, it possesses a flat, textbook style that belies the feeling that is necessary for me in order for it to really get under my skin. Where is the passion and poetry of Emerson, Thoreau and Whitman? I suppose I'm trying to say that my head processed the book but my heart failed to get much of the message. As I read it my mind read off a checklist--\\"Yeah, that's right...yes, that's true,\\" and so on but I didn't feel much from it. I know that I hardly ever feel this way about a book but perhaps it is too short, too thin, like a wafer, to feel really nutritious. It's a nice spiritual appetizer but I've had full, gourmet meals that were better uses of my time.
B000002UTI|5.0|Me gusta mucho este artista(junto con The Beatles), pero no tanto para comprar toda la coleccin (en solitario), pienso que aqu hay suficiente buen material para disfrutar.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|works great and looks great on rooted nook color..... wish it had the zen garden and mini games like the pc version.
B000Q6GX8Q|5.0|This Blu-Ray DVD is absolutely superb. Casablanca is a classic story of love and sacrifice. The DVD arrived prompty and in perfect condition.
B004ZZS4CC|4.0|Being trapped in the wilderness, relying on your basic human instincts to keep yourself alive is a story many know and can relate to. Being trapped by other human beings against your will and forced to do things against your will is something many might not be able to connect with. The story of Jaycee Dugard, a shy little girl who was taken by a husband and wife and repeatedly abused physically, verbally, and psychologically, is one which is not for the faint of heart. In her own words, A STOLEN LIFE chronicles the experiences she went through at the hands of her captors--and how she was able heal.<br /><br />What she experienced in her eighteen years in captivity will shock you. She was kept in a room in Phillip Garrido's backyard under lock and key. She was deemed Phillip's \\"solution\\" to his \\"problem\\" and constantly raped and confused by him. She gave birth to two daughters in the place. And yet, she has emerged a woman who does not hold any anger or hatred for her captors because she doesn't want to spend any more time thinking of them. Instead, she spends her days with her beloved mother, connecting with old friends and family, and trying to integrate herself back into society.<br /><br />The ultimate survival story told from a true survivor, A STOLEN LIFE is straightforward. Nothing is held back, even when Jaycee wants to keep something private. Her narration is straightforward. This memoir is her way of healing. Even when the subject matter gets graphic, you're still there with her. She had been put in a situation which may have damaged another person beyond repair, but it's her unwavering spirit which makes her remarkable.<br /><br />A heroine in her own right, Ms. Dugard may have had parts of her life taken, but one thing for sure is that she will move forward fearlessly.
B000062XFG|5.0|As many other reviewers have noted, the second season of Star Trek: The Next Generation is a huge improvement over the first season. The crew is starting to come together as an ensemble and assuming the roles that they'd occupy for the rest of the series. Moreover, the episodes are beginning to emphasize their characters better. The season still suffers from too many \\"all-too-human\\" aliens, but that was somewhat unavoidable given the budget. I even like Dr. Pulaski (Diana Muldaur), the replacement for Dr. Crusher. She fills the \\"Bones McCoy\\" role. While some of the episodes are corny, many are instant classics, such as \\"Q Who,\\" \\"The Emissary,\\" \\"Measure of a Man,\\" and \\"Elementary, Dear Data.\\" However, these DVDs aren't out in blu-ray yet, so I'd recommend waiting. In the meantime, you can rent them from Netflix, which has them all available on instant-play.
B004GUSG4M|4.0|A lot of reviews are too verbose on here so I'll cut it short and sweet. This book tells a story with a pov that will have you empathizing with the main Character/protagonist. With a bit of imagination you can see the story in your mind's eye play out vividly, thanx to the author's magnificent way of telling the tale. The ways the chapters are broken up are very creative and fitting to the tale. In short it's a very good read, especially for the night owl.
B003XU02QG|3.0|The legend of Rome's Ninth Legion which disappeared in Britain around AD 120 inspired at least three recent movies:  The Last Legion (2007), The Eagle (2011) and Centurion (2010).  Of the three, Centurion has the most memorable character and her name is Etain, the scout for the Ninth Legion.  Etain, as it turns out, hates the Romans for cutting out her tongue as a child and slaughtering her family, and she betrays them.  The Romans walk into an ambush and are annihilated by the Picts, the original inhabitants of the Scottish Highlands.  Every Roman is killed except for a handful of soldiers including the Centurion played by Michael Fassbender.      Etain is one mean fighting machine, a sword-wielding holy terror.  After dispatching the general in command of the Ninth Legion in a sword fight, she is tasked by the king of the Picts to track down the Roman survivors and bring back their heads for killing his son.  She pursues them with the ferocity and uncanny instinct of a wild animal.  She is a character straight out of Robert E. Howard's Conan saga and worth the price of admission to see her in action.     If you have a low tolerance for graphic, blood-spurting violence, then pass this one by.  Otherwise, the movie is surprisingly entertaining, particularly when the villainous Etain is on screen.
B004EPZ084|5.0|I am an older person (senior) but I found this to be hilarious. It might just be my age, but I thought Jennifer Aniston's role a little degrading, was surprised that she would do this part, but all in all, I really enjoyed this film. I needed a good laugh and this certainly did the job. I liked it even better than Hangover. All fairness, I have not seen the #2.
B003YBUSMW|1.0|Unfortunately we could not get the racing wheel to connect to my xBox360.  It was sent back to Amazon.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|First of all, I think Amazon should only allow reviews to be submitted by people who have actually BOUGHT AND LISTENED TO an album, rather than by folks who base their judgements on a set of lo-fidelity 30-second clips, and/or their disappointment regarding the absence of a key member or two from a particular incarnation of a band.  Even Wakeman once said (and I'm obviously paraphrasing here) that he envisioned Yes as entity that would outlive any particular set of members.  If he can accept and embrace that notion, why can't the fans?  As far as the \\"they're only in it for the money\\" complaints, the last time I checked, this is how Squire and company have been earning a living for 40+ years, so please give me a break.  If Anderson is unable or unwilling to keep up with the rest of the guys, that's just too bad.  I can't fault Squire, Howe and White for wanting to move forward without Anderson.  Sure, I wax nostalgic for the Fragile and Close To The Edge days, but I'm not one of those fans that clings stubbornly to the past.   I have found something to enjoy on every Yes album over the years, and that is enough for me.   Judging by the majority of the reviews of this album here, it sounds like I'm not alone.  I loved Drama, and while a big chunk of the material here was written during the Drama sessions in 1980, it sounds fresh, relaxed and very well-produced.  I think David Benoit has a great voice, and does not sound like an Anderson clone.  If you are \\"my kind' of Yes fan, I really think you will enjoy this disc.  If you are not, than you probably won't (although I wish you would give it a chance).  Peace.
B004WKOCP8|1.0|Sounds more like a bad Coldplay cover band than the Incubus we all know and love.    Please do yourself a favor and pop in a copy of to Make Yourself, Morning View, or S.C.I.E.N.C.E instead of buying this slow, emo, contrived, heartless piece of junk
B004RKXNDU|4.0|Widely hailed as one of the most essential spy novels of all time, Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy is the story of a (forcibly) retired British Intelligence agent who is brought in to investigate the belief that there is a Soviet mole in the highest echelons on the agency. What follows is a spy novel unlike any other that I've read - it's gripping, intelligent, and involving, but also maddeningly oblique and frustratingly distant from its characters. Tinker, Tailor unfolds largely through a series of conversations, as our protagonist questions, converses, and interrogates a series of people about various incidences in an effort to piece together the identity of the mole. These conversations are compelling narratives, and there's a joy to reading a book about a character using his intellect to piece something together instead of his firepower or strength. Even the few \\"action\\" sequences are largely spy games - document thefts, observations, and so forth. And yet, Tinker, Tailor is also frustrating in its distance from its characters. Of the key players, we only really get to know two of them, and while we know some of the inner life of our hero, we're not privy to any of his deductions or theories, leaving the reader to fit it all together. That's not inherently a bad thing, but as the final pieces come together, we should feel something about the reveal of the mole - some sort of emotional connection, some feeling of betrayal, or even a satisfaction of putting the pieces together. Instead, we get what feels like a final piece of a puzzle we can't quite see all of. All of that being said, Tinker, Tailor is a compelling read, and a fantastically intelligent one. It fails to grip on a deeper, more emotional level, but it's still satisfying in a variety of other ways.
0811875040|2.0|The book is beautifully designed with scalloped edges, full color photos and the recipes that make Miette one of my favorite bakeries in the Bay Area.  But 18 mistakes is ridiculous even with corrections hidden on the Chronicle website.  Wait for the reissue.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|\\"You'll see perpetual change...\\"<br /><br />In 2008, Yes vocalist Jon Anderson found himself ill and unable to tour for quite some time. The remaining band members decided to continue onward, hiring Yes tribute singer (with some prog cred in Canadian band Mystery) Benoit David. Able to capture Anderson's high-vocaled tenor quite well in concert, things went as well as could be hoped for as Yes toured for the next few years. Rick Wakeman had also departed again during this period (for the, um, 5th time), and his son Oliver took over on keyboards.<br /><br />Yes has always been, from the very first departure of Peter Banks in 1970, a revolving door of players. We all have our favorite albums and lineups, but what always baffled me was seeing/hearing comments by various fans who<br />cannot seem to ever accept what is right in front of them, here and now.<br /><br />Maybe I am just less biased, having discovered Yes as recently as 1998, and I wasn't overexposed towards one particular band member or sound. My first Yes albums that I purchased that summer covered the span from the late 60s to the 90s, so I became a pluralist early on.<br /><br />One of my early favorites was Drama. I paid $ 1.99 for an old beat up cassette of it at a used record store, and I'll never forget the first time I heard \\"Into The Lens\\" as I played it in the car. There was so much darkness, sadness, and emotion in the song. At the time, I had no idea who was singing or playing...to me it was just amazing prog music, and I accepted it at face value.<br /><br />I quickly formed an emotional connection to Drama, and while I also loved 90125, Close To The Edge, Talk, and countless other albums, I never understood the absolute rancor and negativity towards it. Especially coming as it does after Tormato (which has far fewer good songs, and perhaps Wakeman's ugliest keyboard tones, and Jon Anderson's weakest singing and lyrics up to that point), I couldn't see how anyone could comparitively dislike it.<br /><br />Everytime I saw Yes tour, I hoped and prayed, but they never played anything from the album (aside from maybe a quick snippet of \\"Tempus Fugit\\" during the \\"Whitefish\\" solo.) I never had the chance to ask Jon Anderson about it, but whenever I would bring it up at band signings to Alan White or Chris Squire, I would get an embarassed grin and some half-mumbled comment. It was like a kid asking for a toy, and a parent saying \\"someday\\", which really was a subtext for \\"never.\\"<br /><br />As luck would have it, not only would Yes start performing Drama material again on recent post-Anderson tours (\\"Machine Messiah\\" and \\"Tempus Fugit\\"), but Oliver Wakeman was unceremoniously dropped, and Geoff Downes -- my favorite keyboard player, Buggle extraordinaire, and Asia flame-keeper -- would rejoin the band for the first time in 30 years.<br /><br />With Drama-era singer Trevor Horn producing (himself famously responsible for producing 90125 and Big Generator in the 80s, which kickstarted Yes into a whole new fanbase), Fly From Here suddenly sounded very exciting...<br /><br />Regarding the split of Anderson and Wakeman...I will always enjoy their music, and their hugely important contributions to Yes. But they alone are not Yes. And quite frankly, much of their solo work bores me. I wish them the best, and I am excited about their project with Trevor Rabin for 2012, but I am objectively critical of their supposedly god-like status in Yes.<br /><br />Wakeman hasn't had a single tasteful keyboard patch since 1972 (his playing is unvarnished thankfully), and Anderson's singing and lyrics (despite many exceptions along the way), hasn't done much for me in almost as long.<br /><br />Now, onto the music...<br /><br />\\"Fly From Here\\" is the album's 20+ minute title track, broken down into smaller sections. Beginning softly (and with a piano motif that almost brings to mind \\"White Car\\"), we launch into \\"Overture\\". Perhaps the highlight of the album for me, this is Yes at their epic best, firing on all cylinders. Piano is mixed with sighing 80s-style synth, and reverbed triggered drum effects create a forward movement as Chris Squire's chunky, thumping bass keeps a steady pulse. Right away it is clear that Trevor Horn's production has treated us to the best-sounding Yes album in quite some years, as far as clarity and space between instruments and vocals.<br /><br />This intro smoothly transitions into \\"We Can Fly\\". Written in 1980 by Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes just prior to the Drama sessions, it was demoed and played live on the subsequent tour. Heard for many years on various bootleg recordings (and finally given an official release in 2005 on the boxed set The Word Is Live), it was introduced onstage as being \\"on the followup to Drama\\", which was ostensibly planned for 1981. This Yes lineup dissapated, however, and interestingly enough...30 years later...things have come full circle, and you could very well describe Fly From Here as that followup album, seeing as how it has 4/5ths of the Drama lineup, and with Trevor Horn as a primary influence in the writing and recording.<br /><br />\\"We Can Fly\\" has beautiful keyboard and piano melodies, and the harmony vocals are gorgeous. New vocalist Benoit David asserts himself wonderfully, somewhat surprisingly sounding less like Jon Anderson and a bit more like Trevor Horn (more Parallels!)<br /><br />\\"Sad Night at the Airfield\\" (previously heard as a shorter demo by The Buggles) begins with some somber acoustic guitar by Steve Howe. It explodes with melody as the line \\"...Of air, that clouds in the night as we breathe.\\" This is one of the most gorgeous moments on the album, as the old Drama elements resurface again (Squire's bass, and Downes' old Fairlight keyboard.) This section is the highlight of the album for me, as the next verse brings everything a step higher, Howe joins in on pedal steel, and the vocals and keyboards reach a crescendo of esquisite beauty.<br /><br />This is one of those stamped and trademarked \\"Yes moments\\", akin to the musical peaks found in \\"And You And I\\", \\"The Revealing Science of God\\", \\"Endless Dream\\", or \\"Awaken.\\"<br /><br />We return to the original piano motif as we explode into \\"Madman at the Screens\\", which is basically the \\"Overture\\" extended with more instrumentation and lyrics. The music is joyful, bouncy, and dramatic, as it moves between the dynamics of darkness and beauty. The overall structure is very pop-oriented, and the little xylophone-type keyboard tones unconciously make me recall the best moments of ABBA. Near the end of the song, some classic Hammond organ joins in. And is that a Taurus bass pedal I hear?<br /><br />\\"Bumpy Ride\\" comes next, perhaps the most \\"oddball\\" moment in the suite. This has a strong Howe influence in the bouncy, quirky playing and guitar tone, and subtly reminds me of something that might have been heard on his<br />first two solo albums. A fun mostly instrumental segment, it again moves from light to shade and back again. I'm very much also reminded of a sound that could have come from the Tormato album.<br /><br />With a sudden changeover (almost too unexpected and odd, IMO) \\"We Can Fly - Reprise\\" ends the song suite as it began. Although not the most climactic ending on a Yes epic, it gets the job done.<br /><br />\\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a good mid-tempo ballad, which grows on me more with each listen. Chris Squire handles the lead on this, and his vocals have always been underrated in the Yes recipe, as far as I'm concerned. This song is reminiscent of material on his 1975 solo album Fish Out Of Water, again recalling the past...<br /><br />\\"Life On A Film Set\\" is classic symphonic prog. The beginning of the song is highly similiar to any number of acoustic ballads to be found on the early albums by Yes, King Crimson, or ELP. The production and sound gets<br />more dense as it moves forward, moving from moody balladry to bouncy and joyful moments. When I sitback and objectively pay attention to all of the song elements, it really captures the Yes that I know and love so<br />well. A bouncy, fun, beautifully-layered song as only they could do it.<br /><br />\\"Hour of Need\\" is classic Steve Howe again, featuring his Porteguese guitar, which brings back memories of \\"I've Seen All Good People\\", \\"Wonderous Stories\\", \\"Sketches In The Sun\\", and \\"Nine Voices.\\" The harmony vocals are (again) gorgeous, and the moog keyboards join in tastefully here and there. This is Classic Yes, in the wonderful tradition of Fragile and Going For The One.<br /><br />\\"Solitaire\\" is an acoustic guitar piece, this time featuring Steve by himself. Howe's solo moments are always tasteful, refined, quirky, and reflective, and this one is no exception. This is very much in the same<br />ouvre as \\"Mood For A Day\\" and \\"Masquerade.\\"<br /><br />\\"Into The Storm\\" features songwriting contributions from all band members, and again with the bubbly bass guitar, piano, harmonies, and keyboards, sounds like something from the 1977-80 period. An upbeat, positive ending to the album.<br /><br />As far as individual contributions, I would say that Squire's bass-playing and singing is top-notch as it has been for ages, Steve Howe sounds very refined, fiery and confidant (see what health food and meditation can do for you, kids?), and Geoff Downes does a good simple job of bringing in his poppy, quirky Buggles keyboards, while still retaining the classic Yes motifs of mini-moog, Hammond, and mellotron. Only Alan White (on drums) sounds a little subdued, but he has a few interesting textural shuffles and grooves.<br /><br />Overall, I think it is fair to say that Fly From Here is the (overall) best Yes album since 90125, and slightly edges out ahead of The Ladder, which (especially in retrospect) was quite amazing itself. It certainly sounds like the followup to Drama (in some parallel universe 1981.) Let's call it Drama 2.0.<br /><br />\\"One word can bring you 'round...changes.\\"<br /><br />Yes will always be different things to different people. Its overall dynamic is sort of like a diamond...there are a lot of rough edges and dark spots, but turn it around slightly and you will see joyful, crystalline moments as well. To me, it's always been about the message of positivity, relationships, love, and change. Being truly progressive; trying new things, new approaches, new styles. Mixing some Indian raga with some country music. Some techno-pop with some arena rock. Some church choirs with some classical granduer.<br /><br />I am just extremely tired of how the band and their legacy have carried onward through the years. The group spent so many years chasing hit singles after the success of \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart\\", and became blinded by management, technology, and money. Relations broke down, factions formed, and no one seemed to know how to capture the original band spirit of five guys sitting in a living room or barn, and just brainstorming and writing some music together on a set of drums, piano and acoustic guitar. Yes unconciously stopped believing in themselves, and the fans followed suit. When in doubt, keep it simple. And just do it.<br /><br />Fly From Here is a fantastic album, and a great reminder of sounds and places that remind you of a distant past, while still looking over that distant horizon. Remember...We can fly...ndless Dream\\", or \\"Awaken.\\"    We return to the original piano motif as we explode into \\"Madman at the Screens\\", which is basically the \\"Overture\\" extended with more instrumentation and lyrics. The music is joyful, bouncy, and dramatic, as it moves between the dynamics of darkness and beauty. The overall structure is very pop-oriented, and the little xylophone-type keyboard tones unconciously make me recall the best moments of ABBA. Near the end of the song, some classic Hammond organ joins in. And is that a Taurus bass pedal I hear?    \\"Bumpy Ride\\" comes next, perhaps the most \\"oddball\\" moment in the suite. This has a strong Howe influence in the bouncy, quirky playing and guitar tone, and subtly reminds me of something that might have been heard on his  first two solo albums. A fun mostly instrumental segment, it again moves from light to shade and back again. I'm very much also reminded of a sound that could have come from the Tormato album.    With a sudden changeover (almost too unexpected and odd, IMO) \\"We Can Fly - Reprise\\" ends the song suite as it began. Although not the most climactic ending on a Yes epic, it gets the job done.    \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\" is a good mid-tempo ballad, which grows on me more with each listen. Chris Squire handles the lead on this, and his vocals have always been underrated in the Yes recipe, as far as I'm concerned. This song is reminiscent of material on his 1975 solo album Fish Out Of Water, again recalling the past...    \\"Life On A Film Set\\" is classic symphonic prog. The beginning of the song is highly similiar to any number of acoustic ballads to be found on the early albums by Yes, King Crimson, or ELP. The production and sound gets  more dense as it moves forward, moving from moody balladry to bouncy and joyful moments. When I sit back and objectively pay attention to all of the song elements, it really captures the Yes that I know and love so  well. A bouncy, fun, beautifully-layered song as only they could do it.    \\"Hour of Need\\" is classic Steve Howe again, featuring his Porteguese guitar, which brings back memories of \\"I've Seen All Good People\\", \\"Wonderous Stories\\", \\"Sketches In The Sun\\", and \\"Nine Voices.\\" The harmony vocals are (again) gorgeous, and the moog keyboards join in tastefully here and there. This is Classic Yes, in the wonderful tradition of Fragile and Going For The One.    \\"Solitaire\\" is an acoustic guitar piece, this time featuring Steve by himself. Howe's solo moments are always tasteful, refined, quirky, and reflective, and this one is no exception. This is very much in the same  ouvre as \\"Mood For A Day\\" and \\"Masquerade.\\"    \\"Into The Storm\\" features songwriting contributions from all band members, and again with the bubbly bass guitar, piano, harmonies, and keyboards, sounds like something from the 1977-80 period. An upbeat, positive ending to the album.    As far as individual contributions, I would say that Squire's bass-playing and singing is top-notch as it has been for ages, Steve Howe sounds very refined, fiery and confidant (see what health food and meditation can do for you, kids?), and Geoff Downes does a good simple job of bringing in his poppy, quirky Buggles keyboards, while still retaining the classic Yes motifs of mini-moog, Hammond, and mellotron. Only Alan White (on drums) sounds a little subdued, but he has a few interesting textural shuffles and grooves.    Overall, I think it is fair to say that Fly From Here is the (overall) best Yes album since 90125, and slightly edges out ahead of The Ladder, which (especially in retrospect) was quite amazing itself. It certainly sounds like the followup to Drama (in some parallel universe 1981.) Let's call it Drama 2.0.    \\"One word can bring you 'round...changes.\\"    Yes will always be different things to different people. Its overall dynamic is sort of like a diamond...there are a lot of rough edges and dark spots, but turn it around slightly and you will see joyful, crystalline moments as well. To me, it's always been about the message of positivity, relationships, love, and change. Being truly progressive; trying new things, new approaches, new styles. Mixing some Indian raga with some country music. Some techno-pop with some arena rock. Some church choirs with some classical granduer.    I am just extremely tired of how the band and their legacy have carried onward through the years. The group spent so many years chasing hit singles after the success of \\"Owner of a Lonely Heart\\", and became blinded by management, technology, and money. Relations broke down, factions formed, and no one seemed to know how to capture the original band spirit of five guys sitting in a living room or barn, and just brainstorming and writing some music together on a set of drums, piano and acoustic guitar. Yes unconciously stopped believing in themselves, and the fans followed suit. When in doubt, keep it simple. And just do it.    Fly From Here is a fantastic album, and a great reminder of sounds and places that remind you of a distant past, while still looking over that distant horizon. Remember...We can fly...
1451629184|5.0|This is a true story that shows that if you trust in yourself and never give up hope, that you can survive. Jaycee shows that to her readers.  She is strong, determined, and willing to do whatever she has to so that she and her daughters can live life to the fullest.  GOD BLESS YOU!!!
B004SEVPWQ|2.0|keeps locking my phone up today, i have to remove my battery to fix. getting irritated.. please fix ASAP. not happy today.
0743270754|5.0|One of those rare historical books which I was sorry to see end, Team of Rivals showcases Lincoln and his eventual cabinet in the years in which the Republican party was formed and overcame the Democrats in the election of 1860, and through the Civil War, culminating in the tragedy of Lincoln's assassination. Goodwin does show Lincoln as the 'political genius' of the subtitle in his dealings with both the radicals and conservatives at almost cross purposes during the war between the States; his ability to focus on his objectives of preserving the Union and abolishing slavery and maintaining a strong moral character throughout seem almost super human.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|A wonderful gadget! I can watch movies in my tv from my ipod as a media player and charge it at the same time (note that movies or a marathon of modern family can take longer than what your charge will last). I bought it for my husband and now I use it all the time.
B0058P7KUA|5.0|run around and kill zombies. funny and corny dialog. can get challenging due to hordes and hordes zombies coming at you.
B0058U0EEO|4.0|Washed Out is the undisputed king of chillwave. While there were a number of bedroom artists starting the chillwave [r]evolution in 2009, he was the one that stood out the most, since his songs were spot-on in what made the genre interesting: remembering the care-free '80s era through a distorted glass. Songs like \\"New Theory\\", \\"Feel it all Around\\", and \\"Belong\\" will continue to be representative for at least another 30 years from now.    His new album is still consistent with chillwave, but it's not as memorable. I'm sorry to say that \\"Within and Without\\" has no strong melodies the way his previous EP and cassette releases had. All the songs in it are good, but none stands out as \\"classic\\", possibly with the exception of \\"You and I\\", which was written in 2009, back when Washed Out was writing the rest of his amazing music. But all the newer songs in it are \\"meh\\".    If you want to listen to Washed Out's amazing music, search on YouTube for the songs \\"Luck\\", and \\"Good Luck\\". Few people know about these gems (they were only released on cassette), but they're some of the best chillwave tracks ever written. This new album has no such tracks (at least not with their current mixing).    Make no mistake. The album is good. It's better than what 99% of the rest of the other chillwave artists can offer. But it's not better, not even equal to Washed Out's older music. That was music that takes you away, that wakes up memories from your childhood, in the beach. Music that makes you wanna be an ethereal being in the fantasy land rather than a materialistic human.    But the new album doesn't cross to this other plain. It's possible that Washed Out picked the wrong producer, someone who doesn't get chillwave. The album is mixed towards intensifying the clean sound of drums and synths (like in classic electronic music), rather than intensifying the haziness. This was a major put off for me. I do want to be able to hear the hook, but I want to hear it in a way that doesn't cry for attention or becomes forced on me. The more forced it becomes (by being too audibly clear), the less I can take that sound and fly with it in the clouds (note: I'm a synesthete, so the right music can dig forgotten memories, or create images for me).    Overall, this is possibly the best sophomore release by any chillwave artist this year so far (e.g. Toro y Moi, Memory Tapes, MillionYoung, Small Black, etc), but the whole genre has nowhere as cool-sounding songs as it had in 2009. Personally, I'm somewhat disappointed with all of these artists' 2011 releases.
B004QL7K8O|5.0|This movie was terrific.  It was hilarious and well acted.  I really thought this was better than most the crap out there today when I saw it at the Phoenix film festival in April 2011.  Not sure why it has not been either released in all theaters or at least put on DVD, but I will buy it the minute I see that it has been put on DVD.  Truly a funny funny film!
140053271X|5.0|First let me qualify my comments.  If you are looking for an all purpose ePad or IPAD alternative, buy another product!  That's clearly not what Barnes and Noble designed this unit for.  It's not intended to surf the web, check email, etc.  It is an eReader...PERIOD!      Having said that, in my opinion, it is the best out there right now.  It is incredibly light weight - much lighter than even a typical paperback.  It is easy on the eyes for extended reading periods and can be read in basically every lighting situation you could read a real book.  The clarity is sharp but not overpowering on the eyes like an LCD type display is after a few hours.    The battery life is insane.  If you turn off WIFI, which should be normal unless you are looking for another book, the battery doesn't need recharging for weeks on end.  Page turning is a simple touch to the left or right of the screen.  Assignable buttons are also provided for pagination but they require a rather firm press.  I found most of the time I don't use them.      It has a very responsive touch screen for all your navigation.  I had a 1st generation Nook and this one is far easier to navigate through books which is a big plus for Bibles or Reference books.  It reads ePub format so more than half of what I read comes from the public library.    It is not going to be great for color magazines and so on.  You will need a Nook Color or an ePad like Xoom or IPAD for that.  But the downside with those is that the LCD type display cannot be read in direct sunlight so good luck at the beach or pool.    One nice feature I use now and then is the dictionary.  If you come across a word you are unfamiliar with you just touch it and up pops an option look it up.  I think Barnes and Noble has a winner here.
B003UMW68O|5.0|Great price for the blu-ray and DVD of Monsters, Inc. My son LOVES this movie. I can pop this in our ps3 or portable dvd player for long car rides. Shipping is also fast!
B004WKOCP8|4.0|I agree,  I threw in the If Not Now, When? album and listened straight through all while waiting for some harder rock somewhere in the album and found out there wasn't any.  Does that make this a bad album? NO.  Like someone said below, if bands just played what people wanted they'd go stale.    What the bands going for, what the members have going on in their lives, and many other factors all play into the sound of an album.  If you don't prefer this album, that's fine.  Just because it is a little further away from their 'core' sound, doesn't mean it should be written off.  For people to say they're going to lose their fanbase; if people jump ship from one album then they're either A) not real fans or B) don't appreciate musical experimentation.    Over all I rated this a 4/5 because I do like the album but at times does feel like it's missing something.  It's more simple, smooth, and at times delicate.  Incubus decided to try something new, and I say cheers to them because this is still great music!
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I love this case. I like the clear case adn the concentric cricles design, it is not too thick and it offers great protection. An best of all it is cheap without really looking it!!
B003YL4LYI|4.0|As I begin reading A Dance with Dragons (ADWD) from here forward, a few quick impressions are offered. These thoughts are definitely not limited to ADWD, because I'm reading the new book within the context of the first four novels, which I started re-reading when I knew the HBO series was to begin.<br /><br />Someone once said, &#34;Context is king,&#34; and in the case of George R.R. Martin's epic, this is especially true. A reader could find value in any single book of course, but I am compelled to view ADWD as a physical volume holding only part of a body of content; think of 5 or more computer hard drives containing one very detailed story.<br /><br />Martin's content (story) must be seen as somewhat non-linear. This will make some readers uncomfortable, while others will delight in, or enjoy, or at least tolerate the non-linear style.<br /><br />The longer the length of the content, perhaps the better a somewhat jumpy or distemporal style serves. I, for one, find GRRM's leaps and bounds, which are mostly character-based, not a problem evev though they require a bit of work on the part of the reader.<br /><br />Having written that I must hasten tob thank Mr Martin for not using &#34;nuncle&#34; endless times; and it is my hope that his nearly neurotic need to put the words sentinel and soldier next to virtually every mention of pine trees will come to an end now and forever! (Search for yourself if you need this point validated.)<br /><br />Repeating phrases is not sin and I only poke fun lightly, dear sir.<br /><br />Some of the rather predictable spellings, alliteration in character names/titles, and the still rather odd (to my ear, anyway) usages, such as &#34;arse&#34; for ass, are cultural or just the little tics of a great and weathered nuncle storyteller. I honestly believe that George Martin is doing astounding work, in scope at least far beyond Tolkien.<br /><br />ADWD has some burps and stumbles, and my Lord, what else could be expected? This serves to make both story and writer all the more human, and the reader, perhaps, more human too, if human is rightly related to humus, humility.<br /><br />HBO cannot do the story justice, though they do try. And if Tyrion were my brother I would call myself blessed. And if Cerci or Lysa or most of the female characters were my kin, I'd walk the earth shamefaced. I'd dye my beard blue.make both story and writer all the more human, and the reader, perhaps, more human too, if human is rightly related to humus, humility.<br /><br />HBO cannot do the story justice, though they do try. And if Tyrion were my brother I would call myself blessed. And if Cerci or Lysa or most of the female characters were my kin, I'd walk the earth shamefaced. I'd dye my beard blue.
030745455X|5.0|Wouldn't life be boring if we all agreed?  I've read a lot of reviews for this book with great interest.  I have to agree with those who think this book is better than the first.  Mainly, because I care about the victims more and I want the villain(s) caught.
B001Q2U5B0|3.0|The movie did not end like I wanted it to end.  There were so many different directions they could have taken the movie that would have been better.  This movie explores the ways that people affect one another.  I think it does lack in the area of how personal responsibility affects a life as well.  Other people have some influence but not to the degree that this movie suggests. In some ways, this movie is advocating the idea of helplessness.  That circumstances/situations have 100% control and that a person cannot overcome those things on their own. This movie would make a good discussion with others on various life themes.
B005544V6A|5.0|Suits is a comedy-drama about lawyers; it conveys the high powered, shark tank like environment at a fictional Manhattan law firm perfectly. Harvey, one of Manhattan's best lawyers, takes a gamble and hires Mike -a guy with a perfect memory- as his new associate. Mike has passed the bar exam without going to law school. Because of the firm's policy of hiring only Harvard Law graduates, Harvey and Mike are forced to pretend that Mike has gone to Harvard. This drama shows a lot about bosses using their staff and colleagues being used. Works especially well under this premise where Mike depends on Harvey for his very well paid job till he will have finished his law degree at Harvard. Harvey mentors and uses Mike at same. Mike used to be a pot head but tries to become a Manhattan lawyer (expensive car instead of biking to work, some thousand dollars suits, etc.). He tries to leave his past (best friend who deals and his girl friend) behind. Harvey and Mike are hustlers at heart which are incredibly successful working outside the rules. I like the idea, top lawyers are successful that way ;-). The show has the potential to become a top show like Mad Men. Suits lacks the documentary style of Mad Men with is perfect costumes and sets though. Suits also needs at least two strong female characters yet. Meghan Markle as Rachel is a good candidate for feminine depth in this show.<br /><br />All in all so far, a cool show with smart humor and refreshing belief in the viability of renewal; very American that way.
B0052U59F4|5.0|From my blog    What a special beauty, this is an exquisite book that you won't want to stop reading and a bonus is that you learn about a sexual lifestyle, BDSM, specifically, the Dominant and Submissive.       I truly felt this was perfection, the characters...... amazing, the title....... so appropriate, the cover..... ohhh hot once you read the book, the writing..... completely engaging, honestly the full package.  This is promoted in the erotica genre but the mystery of Christian, the suspense of what will become of them, the thrill of the newness of their relationship, just wow, so much more, their love story totally kept me on the edge of my seat. I highly recommend this to those that are not offended by descriptive sex and are up to having some knowledge about the 'taboo'.  An amazing read, this definitely will be on my favourite 2011 book list and top 5 erotic book and I only read 1-2 a year so to get a gem, wow.      I have so many favourites in this book.  The newness of the relationship, what they teach each other and try all because of trust.  This created numerous mysterious moments.  They email or blackberry each other often, it was refreshing to see the honest, sarcastic realness of a relationship, these personal messages were high up on my favourite list.  Christian uses so many new words, I had to use the dictionary, petulant, somnambulant, this was a good distraction though and the ironic thing is Ana is an editor so she totally gets it and teases him about, once she said do you see the year that word was created, hello, it is 2011.  Music and books play a huge part in their relationship also, totally losing themselves, mesmorizing, I had to youtube a few, I listened while writing my review.  Spem in Alium the 40 Part Motet by Thomas Tallis and Villa Lobos bachianas Brasileiras 5 Aria.  Last but not least, Ana's inner goddess and subconscious, omg, these moments had me smiling, laughing and even taken sides.  My subconscious has passed out, and myinner goddess is endeavoring to look brave.  Honestly this book had a little for everyone.        One small complaint at 85% I felt like the editing ended and there were a few typos but this didn't  interrupt the love I have for this story.      Christian and Ana in my opinion are perfect for each other but the lifestyle becomes a deal or a deal breaker, you have to read to find out which.  I highly recommend this one, I am in love and I am so happy it is a series.
1452101248|5.0|When I heard about this book on NPR, I thought--well, I can get it at the library and see. Then I saw photos, and after drooling all over the computer realized...oh baby, come home to mama. Amazing recipes, and I've been cooking 40 years. Yes some ingredients are less accessible, so substitute (as I did living abroad). No matter, it will give you ideas for things you hadn't considered.
0062060554|5.0|I read this book in two days.  It has been some time since a book has grabbed me like this and I could not put it down.  I highly recommend it.  Great psychological thriller!
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This is one of the most useful app I've ever used and its free.  Get this app and clear up the clutter on your desk.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|I sent the evaluation that received this CD-BOX.    However, it was a mistake of other CD-BOX.     I do not yet receive \\"The Beatles Mono Box Set \\".    A time limit does not yet expire.    When I received the CD-BOX. I contact you.      I am sorry if there is the part where you cannot understand by translation software.
0393339882|4.0|Based on the title I expected a detailed report focused on the great debate between Einstein and Bohr.  However, when the narrative started with Max Planck I realized the contents was much broader.  Kumar presents a very compelling account of the entire quntum revolution including all of the key players and the background drama that unfolded (and continues to unfold).<br /><br />At first I was dissapointed with the broader scope, however, as I continued I was impressed with Kumar's ability to draw me into the background of the people and the events.  There wasn't a lot that was new to me, but the quality of his story telling made it a very enjoyable read.  And, his account of the debate itself is excellent, including his description of the famous photo of Einstein and Bohr walking (and debating) together in Brussels during the 1930 Solvay conference.<br /><br />This is highly recommended for anyone, like me, who obsesses on the nature of reality.
B000A6T1JU|4.0|This is a classic in my opinion.  The director's cut is a lot better than the theatrical version that I remember. I like the whole comic book aspect of the d.c.  Some of the dialogue is a little hollywoodish and outdated, but all in all this movie has style and excitement which has stood the test of time. The soundtrack is dope too! a good addition to the collection!
B004WKOCP8|5.0|Aren't you glad your parents didn't stop playing with you simply because you didn't make the same sounds you did at 7 years that you did at 7 months?<br /><br />The world changes...get over it.<br /><br />As for this album, it went from new and unfamiliar to my favorite Incubus album in about three full listens.  I love hearing these guys growing older and writing songs that reflect the fact that they're not trying to \\"keep the Alt-Rock flame alive\\" with the same tired, 500-pound guitar arrangements you can find on so many albums already.<br /><br />If you consider yourself a real Incubus fan, prepare to hear the same band you know aging gracefully without losing any integrity along the way.<br /><br />If you're a fan of the old Incubus, then listen to an old Incubus album.
B003ZHR6T8|5.0|That this film didn't win the Academy Award for Best Picture the year it was considered surprised me; that it wasn't even nominated shocked me. So that it isn't on many-- or any-- \\"100 Best Films\\" list is something I now expect. It should be on somebody's \\"Best\\" list. It is on mine. The question of \\"where do these maniacs come from?\\" is a question Hollywood avoids except as the foundation for franchise-making horror films. A realistic approach is just too cerebral, awkward, and difficult. \\"Falling Down\\" tackles the question head-on, and succeeds brilliantly. It also answers the question: \\"These maniacs come from us\\". Any of us. All of us. Surviving a series of personal and professional failures doesn't always make us stronger; many, crushed in their own way under the burden, snap. That Michael Douglas was able to move from the implacable snake of \\"Gordon Gecko\\" to the lost, angry, and helpless \\"D-Fens\\" is the ultimate tribute to his acting ability, and demonstrates his willingness to take on the most difficult of acting challenges. That he makes a character whose apparent goal is to kill his family a sympathetic, comprehensible, yet fearsome \\"villain\\" is one of the rarest achievements in film history. Cagney in \\"White Heat\\" came close, but his motivations were hate and money. Douglas makes you understand, just a bit, just enough to make you shiver, how someone can kill out of what they think is love.
B003TJR2HS|5.0|This item works great with my Sony clock radio dock station for my Ipod touch 2nd generation. I received the clock radio as a gift from my husband to play music on my Ipod touch for relaxing to help me fall asleep. The only problem that I had was that I keep a thick silicone gel skin on my Ipod touch all the time and it is to difficult to take it on and off everyday, so my plastic dock that came with my Ipod was not even close to fitting, even with ALOT of modification with a dremel tool. This solved the whole problem. It took 10 seconds to attach it to the clock radio and then to my Ipod. It plays my songs and charges my Ipod. The contact is perfect. It is even angled so the Ipod will lean back against the clock radio to give it support, which was one thing that I was worrid about with it, but it fits and works perfectly. I highly recommend it for someone with a thick or heavy case on their Ipod and are unable to use their dock or has lost their dock. It is a great problem solver.
1451629184|5.0|I just bought this book and can't wait to get into it. Jaycee, I just want to say that you are a strong woman. I am so sorry you had to go through so much. I was abused as a child also. Thanks so much for speaking out, I'm sure your book will help a lot of people. I wish you joy and happiness for you and your family. Hugs
B004H4XLRE|5.0|I works well with many kinds of cars, just not small ones or odd shaped ones. You pull a thing back that locks then push a button to launch them when ready. My 4yr old has a little issue with getting the thing pulled back to lock. He really loves it though, it is always fun for everyone to pick a car and see which car goes the futurist.
1451629184|5.0|First of all...Wow! I want everyone to read this book.    As an abuse survivor...I want to applaud Jaycee...she is my hero.    As a helping professional myself...I feel privileged and proud of the amazing job, the helping team was to Jaycee. I am sure that their work is not yet complete but from what I read and felt, you did a wonderful job. I am familiar with the difficulty helping someone can be.But also the rewarding feeling of a \\"thank you.\\"    The story of Jaycee Dugard is a story of the human spirit; a journey of pain, confusion, courage, love, family, and finally triumph.I urge everyone to read this book. I read this in one night. You will be a better human being for it. Bravo!
B0053Q9DHW|2.0|There was so much potential in this production but in the final analysis - disappointment.  This production with its out of sequence storyline and omission of parts of the book drag it down. The 06' version with Ruth Wilson and Toby Stevens was and sill is my favorite.  Anyone who has not seen that production should. And of course read the book!
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|[[ASIN:B0025KVLUQ Abbey Road (Remastered)]]<br />I sold all my albums a year ago, then lost all with computer crash, great to be recouping some of what was lost!
0545259088|5.0|Time was running out for the wolves of Mercy Falls. Another person was killed and this time there would be nothing to stop the hunters from coming after them.<br /><br />So, unless Sam could figure out what to do, the wolves would all face extinction. And Grace would be lost to him. Forever. And if he couldn't save her, he would be lost, too.<br /><br />But without Beck to lead them, and Sam in pieces without Grace, Cole was their only hope for survival. And a boy who at one point was ready to end his own life, and was barely hanging on to the one he had now, was not an ideal savior.<br /><br />How could Cole possibly lead the wolves to safety when he wasn't even confident in himself? But without someone willing to take charge, the wolves would surely meet their end in Boundary Wood.<br /><br />And those left behind, trapped in their human form, would have to live forever with the knowledge that they did nothing to stop the mass murder that was masquerading as a hunt.<br /><br />***<br /><br />Forever is the beautifully dramatic conclusion to the highly addictive Wolves of Mercy Falls trilogy. In this last installment in the series, a member of the wolf pack has killed a human girl and the people have reached their limit.<br /><br />While the specifics are still being decided, one thing is certain, the pack must be annihilated. And Tom Culpepper, Isabel's father, is ready to lead the charge. But with Grace still not fully acclimated to the warmer weather, her safety is at even greater risk, leaving Sam and Cole with little time to figure out a solution.<br /><br />At the story's end, some questions will be answered, but there will be many things that are left up in the air. Just because the story has ended for the reader, doesn't mean it's the end for the characters. And a story that's open-ended leaves room for infinite possibilities.<br /><br />Author Maggie Stiefvater never ceases to amaze with her elegant and beautiful writing that just draws the reader into her story. The pace of the story is unhurried, which allows the reader to become slowly, but fully engaged with both the characters and the plot.<br /><br />Even as the clock is ticking down and the pace begins to escalate as the events unfold, the urgency does not overtake the story. Readers will still be captivated by passage after exquisite passage of the author's remarkable writing.<br /><br />Although it's sad to have reached the end of Sam and Grace's story, as told by the author, Forever did give readers a longer look at Cole St. Clair. His character really grew in this last book in the series. Where he once appeared selfish and self-involved, he showed great strength and character in his desire to save the wolves and especially Sam and Grace.<br /><br />As the ending left much uncertain and unfinished, there may be readers who are dissatisfied, but not this reader. In many books, this type of an end would not fit. However, in a series like the Wolves of Mercy Falls, it just works.<br /><br />The future for the characters that remain at the end of this series offers hope and promise, but also leaves open the possibility that not everything will be a fairytale, which is just as it should be for them.ecome slowly, but fully engaged with both the characters and the plot.    Even as the clock is ticking down and the pace begins to escalate as the events unfold, the urgency does not overtake the story. Readers will still be captivated by passage after exquisite passage of the author's remarkable writing.    Although it's sad to have reached the end of Sam and Grace's story, as told by the author, Forever did give readers a longer look at Cole St. Clair. His character really grew in this last book in the series. Where he once appeared selfish and self-involved, he showed great strength and character in his desire to save the wolves and especially Sam and Grace.    As the ending left much uncertain and unfinished, there may be readers who are dissatisfied, but not this reader. In many books, this type of an end would not fit. However, in a series like the Wolves of Mercy Falls, it just works.    The future for the characters that remain at the end of this series offers hope and promise, but also leaves open the possibility that not everything will be a fairytale, which is just as it should be for them.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|It is just beautiful on your HD tv!!    One of the top 5 best movies on my list!
B0002OERI0|5.0|I remember back when I was 11 or so, when the pop radio stations played \\"Wake Me Up When September Ends.\\" I loved the song, and had honestly never heard of Green Day before. When the station stopped playing it on its 10-song rotation, I felt crushed. I stopped listening to music for a little while. (Granted, it was during that time in my life when I'm starting to find out who I am but trying to be like all of the other kids my age, which included listening to the same music that they were.) Now that I think about it, it's incredibly ironic.<br /><br />I've gone through several pop stages where I would listen to the radio stations for two weeks or so. After that, I wouldn't touch my radio for a couple months. Around three or four years ago, I finally decided that pop wasn't for me. I preferred the old classic rock songs my parents liked and played around the house, because the youngest had been around for twentysome years. And then I tried modernizing and listening to newer rock songs. Enter Green Day. Again.<br /><br />Now, I haven't listened to much of their other albums, aside from one or two singles from Dookie, but I really enjoyed American Idiot. The album is against the present-day American culture in basically every day. You've got the government, and I haven't heard anyone say anything positive about what they're doing since Obama decided to get rid of the base at Guantanamo Bay. You've got the suburbs and the mass markets and mass everything. You've even got the anti-present-day-culture people. The album manages to make fun of both mainstream and counter-culture America.<br /><br />Among the best part of the album is the way that the songs all come together. Each individual song can be played by itself, but the album as a whole changes the context of the song so that a new message occurs. You understand the big picture. And not very many albums have songs that work together like that. I guess that's why this is a rock opera, compared to those other albums.<br /><br />The only part of this album that annoyed me was that there were two songs, broken up into little parts, that were nine minutes long each. They are just too long for one song, even if the parts are different from each other. It seems like little snippets of song ideas were jammed together. But complaining about details like the length of two songs on a record means that there are way too many good things in the album.album that annoyed me was that there were two songs, broken up into little parts, that were nine minutes long each. They are just too long for one song, even if the parts are different from each other. It seems like little snippets of song ideas were jammed together. But complaining about details like the length of two songs on a record means that there are way too many good things in the album.
B00506NRBS|5.0|Honest, plain and short. The content is pretty good, and you kind of wish for more content, but the thing is that the author actually saves you time and effort by going strait to the points without extra words.
1400052173|5.0|Wonderfully written book which really makes the reader question the politics of race identity and medical rights, through the beautifully told personal stories of the Lackses. Skloot unearths history that many might rather leave buried (even some of the people in the book) and pays a due homage to Henrietta Lacks and her family, showing the blended lines between the private realm and public media, as well as the spiritual and scientific. I recommend this book to anyone!
B004WKOCP8|5.0|Incubus wanted to create a simple album, one that could also be elegant in its simplicity. The vocals and build up are mazing on many of these tracks, and it's clearly a mike and brandon album. This is the problem with people today. They think something is boring because they're constantly stimulated by things, in result, over-stimuli.  This to them now seems like a boring album because they are afraid to take it all in. This is a beautiful album. I actually think it's better than half of the songs on morning view. People always expect  some catchy guitar line or melody. This is their love letter to the world. The things brandon and mike touch on lyrically are amazing and philosophical here, and better than most lyrics out there right now.  To me it really has a 90's/80's rock ballad sound to it, which really invigorates my mind in a fresh new  way. I've followed this band since the early 90's and this to me is still incubus. It's them evolving musically. I mean they are even taking out a lot of the dj sounds. I'm actually tired of those corny sounds....aaattt the age of 25. I've out grown them. If you understand the essence of Incubus as a band, not just musically, but as artists, you will fully take this album in and feel it move you.
B004XQX4K0|5.0|As the title suggests, this book provides a comprehensive explanation of the core features of JavaScript. What I liked was that it also has two Reference Sections (one for Core JavaScript and one for Client-Side JavaScript) that are useful for quick look-ups when working on a problem. This 6th edition includes sections on HTML5 and jQuery which make it a useful addition to the previous editions if you are working with those technologies. I learned a lot from reading this book, in particular I now appreciate how very different JavaScript is from other languages.
B005869U6G|1.0|Brandon has become far too impressed with himself and feels his vocals alone can carry this band. This has got to be the most disappointing and boring album I've heard in many, many years. I used to be this bands biggest fans. I even used to have \\"NCUBUS\\" for my license plate. Now, I could care less if I ever heard another song from them. I really think they are just plain bad now and have lost there creative vision. They have not put out a good record since \\"Morning View\\", Which was what, 10 Years ago?. \\"S.C.I.E.N.C.E.\\" was genius, as was \\"Make Yourself\\". I began to notice to the decline with \\" A Crow\\" as they became more Pop/Soft Rock, instead of Funk/Rock. I really didn't think they could get any worse than \\"Light Grenades\\", but \\"Lighter Grenades\\" AKA \\"If Not Now, When?\\" proved me wrong. This album is atrocious and something that sounds like it was thrown together in one day in the studio. Let me make one thing very clear. I love and appreciate slower music when it's done well and I'm not feeling it here at all. The fact that this record is very slow has nothing to do with this review. Incubus had plenty of slow songs on other records that I enjoyed. You've been warned. Save your money.
B003L1ZWG2|4.0|I don't usually write movie reviews because I don't like movie critics. In fact, I normally go see movies the critics don't like (Transformers anyone). That normally means it will be a good movie if the critics didn't like it.<br /><br />There are loads of reviews about this movie so I'll keep this short as some are very detailed and give a lot of story away.<br /><br />I wouldn't buy this movie but it was great movie to see one time. It's not predictable as most horror/thriller movies can be. Films that rely on one location can be hard to watch (like burried), but this one keeps things interesting. If you like suspenseful/thriller movies, this one delivers. Wether you like the end result is up to you.<br /><br />On a side, note, I have actually been stuck on that ski lift before at Snow Basin resort in Utah (where it was filmed).
B004L3AR0K|3.0|.....why to watch this movie.  It's to see Anne Hathaway naked, multiple times.  She plays a nympho (now there's a real stretch of her acting ability) who has parkinsons, who apparently wants to have as much sex as possible before succumbing to it.  The story itself is completely ridiculous, with stud Gyllenhall, a Viagra salesman (oh, what a coincidence!!), also having sex with literally every woman he meets.  But Hathaway sheds her clothes,and howls, like an adult movie veteran, and it's quite an amazing treat.
B003XDZLTG|5.0|I needed something soft and flexible for my poor, over-worked feet (I am seven months pregnant). All of my other shoes were too heavy and caused my feet to be red, swollen, and extremely achy at the end of the day. These shoes are light, give great traction, and are really cute, too! These shoes have \\"molded\\" to my feet now and are literally the only ones I can wear (my sneakers have gotten too small, and my clogs are way too heavy). Going to try more croc shoes!
B004GYY714|5.0|I used to use Public Radio app and it constantly stopped playing.  This continues even in areas where I often have trouble getting coverage.
B003ZJ0ZX0|4.0|I like Bruno Mars. I am pretty slow when it comes to new artist, but he is really good. I like that song Just the way you are. He is very talented. He does remind me of the younger version of One of the New Edition guy or the New Kids on the Block. He is pretty catchy. By the album it is fun.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have run a marathon, and I run four miles a day five days a week. I'm getting married soon and I wanted an extra afternoon workout to lose those last few pounds for The Dress. I think I am in pretty good shape, and I was afraid this dvd would be too easy. I skipped to Level Two \\" for a challenge. \\" Ha! Ha I say! I was pleasantly surprised at how little I was able to complete. I'll do Level One tomorrow, and work toward an even tougher body!
B004WKOCP8|2.0|I think too many people hit the nail on the head here, and I'm truly disappointed for the same reasons everyone states. Though really cool news stemming off of incubus related stuff is that Aaron Bruno from \\"Under the Influence of Giants\\" and \\"Hometown Hero\\"(toured with incubus) is back in the limelight as the solo artist AWOLNATION with the single \\"sail\\". Check it out, maybe it will help you get rid of the sadness from this album :/
B0058VW36U|5.0|Not sure about the load time issues some other reviewers are having, but I'm up in running in 20 seconds after I click the app icon.  So...yeah.  Anyways, great game...I'm only on the first box, but I can see how this is going to get challenging and really make me angry until I can get 3 stars on a level and then I will be happy!  :-)
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  I just finished a book that was great but left me exhausted.  This was a delightful journey and I couldn't wait to see what Enzo would do or say next.  The author is quite clever with the car racing analogies.  I would recommend this to anyone, but be sure to have several tissues handy.
B0052OWGYW|4.0|I liked the original and I like the remake. I like Jason in most of the movies he has done. This one was better than some that I've seen recently. Good job!
B000H6SXMY|5.0|The product was in perfect condition. All the DVD's are playing well. I didn't leave the review earlier because I wanted to make sure that all the DVD's are actually in good condition since I read several reviews on this product not being as it was explained on the page. Great delivery by the way. I placed the order on Wednesday and I received it on Friday. It was unbelievable. The product was perfectly wrapped and the box was in great condition. Thanks.
B0053EZXRS|4.0|I just love Nick Cage in just about anything he does. I liked the story line and movie. A man escaping from Hell to avenge his daughter and stop the murder of his grandchild. Gotta love it!
B004WKOCP8|4.0|I want to warn people that most of these initial reviews are from long time fans as I understand it, and no offense meant to these people, but their opinion is a little polarized because they've come to expect a certain kind of music from Incubus. Based on the reviews, everyone wants/expects another S.C.I.E.N.C.E. or another Morning View, and while those were fantastic albums in their own right, everyone also seems to be dismissing the evolutionary process that a band undertakes to help expand and diversify their sound. People, if you want to hear an album like S.C.I.E.N.C.E., I suggest you go listen to S.C.I.E.N.C.E. Pretty simple.     For the people with open minds: this band is branching out and creating MUSIC. If you're familiar with (and enjoy) Brandon's solo project, you will definitely get into this album easier than most. This is album is very... simplified, and honestly, that's what's beautiful about it. Lots of easy melody, poignant piano, and acoustic guitar -- it's a mellow album and to a good purpose. Brandon's vocal performance is 5 stars as usual and the overall musicianship from everyone in the band is top notch as we've come to expect. The lyrical content is striking and often mystifying - you have to wonder what Brandon was thinking about when he wrote some of these songs.     If you're unsure about the nature of this album based on reading the reviews, I suggest you go to YouTube and listen to \\"Promises, Promises\\", \\"Isadore\\", and \\"Adolescents\\". You'll get a good feel for the album from those tracks I think. Be aware that the minute you begin comparing this album to past efforts from Incubus, you will more than likely turn yourself away from a really great album. Take a step back and accept this album for what it is. Let it work on you. It'll be worth it in the end.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I purchased this fan to replace the stock fan that came with my AMD Phenom II X4 965 Black Edition CPU.  It is very quiet (under 30dB), and uses Cooler Master's 120mm Blade Master Fan.  It only comes with one fan, but you can purchase another to create the push/pull effect.  The fans are 4 pin, so make sure you have 4 pin connectors if you are going to be adding the second fan.  The package comes with the mounting brackets for the additional fan.  You have to remove the stock fan mounting plate that comes with your motherboard to install the new one that comes with it.  So, don't plan on just popping this fan on top of your old processor.  You will have to remove the motherboard from the case, remove the old mounting plate, and install the new one in order to install this.  Installation is simple.  Just make sure you aim the fan in the correct direction, to blow towards the exhaust fan.  I highly recommend this cooler, and it has been compared to more expensive liquid coolers.  I highly recommend this CPU cooler.
B00000IREA|3.0|I had never seen Roger Vadim's \\"Barbarella: Queen of the Galaaxy\\" until today,I had spent a good long time avoiding it, it looked silly, dated and low brow, which I was correct in assuming that it is all those things. It is also, however a time capsule of the swinging 60's, an often fun semi-send up of old Buck Rogers/Flash Gordon style serials,  a dopey sex comedy and a wonderful vehicle for the beautiful and young Jane Fonda, in all her glory, if you know what I mean. If sci-fi before 2001 was aimed at kids, then Barbarella was the first sci-fi movie aimed at frat boys.    Based on a French comic strip, the story is hardly worth mentioning, the plotting is muddled, but the structure is really nothing more than a series of vignettes, the best one involving David Hemmings as Dildano (love that name). Fonda is perfect for the role, although her much hyped nudity is more tease than anything els. However, she is still too good for this schlock, Fonda did the role, one can presume because director-co-writer Roger Vadim was her husband at the time. Vadim, it is worth noting, is easily the least of the so-called \\"French new wave\\" directors. The supporting cast ranging from good, Hemmings and Milo O'Shea, to oh, lord terrible (Anita Pallenberg and John Philip Law, come to mind, but in the latter's case, who could really play a believable blind angel found on an alien planet?). The special effects, look everyday of their forty-five years or so, the cinematography is adequate, although the lighting at times seem murky, the music dated and out of place (especially the Tom Jones knock-off title tune) and the editing doesn't help the movie's awkward pacing.    Still, as a life long film buff, it is one of the all-time (I hesitate to say great) cult classics and the beauty in Barbarella comes from all it's many pop culture references, but unlike a Tarantino flick, Vadim's is retroactive. All the \\"in-jokes\\" came about years, even decades after the fact, everything from the name of the pop band Duran Duran to the sex scene between Sly Stallone and a pre-Oscar winning Sandra Bullock (oh, my!) in \\"Demolition Man\\", all have their genesis here. This is what I mean when I say it's better been seen, than being seen, it is an important movie in some respects, but it is sometimes tough going (i.e. boring, even annoying) and can easily try one's patience.
0553801473|1.0|It's probably just me, but this book just shocks all my sensibilities.  And that's about all it does.  The books trades the story for lots and lots and lots and lots of yuck.  The language is appalling and each chapter is a spiral downward into more and more, well, let's just overuse the word, yuck.  Several times during the first few chapters I came to a complete stop and said aloud, \\"I've read this book before-nothing is happening!\\"<br /><br />Just for fun I started seeing how many paragraphs I could go without reading something downright lewd.  The answer?  Not many.  When I picked it up to read the fourth chapter about Daenerys I made the decision to return the book.  I'm skipping this one and crossing my fingers that the next two will have more plot and less smut. Please, please, please edit so that we can actually read it!!!<br /><br />James wife, Alissa
B00004T1NA|4.0|The title track the best!  The main riff is magical and energizing.      The second and third tracks are a bit to Beatlesque for my tastes.    Last Chance... and Hatesong I dig.  I'm still absorbing the rest.
0307454541|5.0|All I have to say is that the trilogy by Stieg Larsson is AMAZING! Being female, it's difficult to find good strong female main characters.  I wish I could be more like Lisbeth Salander!
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This cooler was a ridiculously good upgrade for me at a great price tag.  Keeps my computer running 15-20 degrees cooler than the stock fan did.  Installation was a little tricky, and the thing is really bulky inside the case--but just search for a tutorial on YouTube and you'll be fine.
1569242739|5.0|I haven't baked anything from this book yet (just got it) but fell in love with it after reading a few of the recipes. The authors write with exceptional practicality and humour, and because of the success of cooking from Vegan With A Vengeance I have every confidence my cupcake baking will be superbly delicious and easy and fun.
B004L49K20|2.0|I picked up a Cd of Rio at the library and listened after MANY years, and thought, man this IS a good CD! So I am searching and I see DD has a new CD. They said the producer wanted them to release that great 3rd album that they never really attained after Rio. So I thought, that's when DD was good. Now the hundreds of positive customer reviews convinced me. A few negatives, I didn't even read the negatives - bought the CD same day. This IS NOT the great 3rd album/CD they never released. This band died after Rio. DD is trying to sound relevant with the techno , dance beat crap that's out there. Sounds like Lady Ga Ga is influencing them,and that's sad. Don't waste your money. I agree with Jame L. Desper Jr. from the 2 star reviw. After Andy Taylor left these guys lost it.
B000EHSVSC|5.0|I first saw Tora Tora Tora at the Pantages in Hollywood in 1970 when I was 14. It blew me away then, and it blows me away today. This is Fox producer Darryl Zanuck's purest vision, and brought his career to a glorious close.<br /><br />To start with, this is the greatest collection of male character actors that Hollywood ever assembled, American OR Japanese. From Edward Andrews to Martin Balsam, EG Marshall to Wesley Addy, the cast is beyond the expectations any of us have a right to have, and that's just the American side of the cast.<br /><br />The parallel editing between the Japanese and American sides of the story is innovative and marvelously effective - two movies cut side by side, until the attack, when it all comes together in the most amazing battle scene ever filmed. NO computers were used in the making of the special effects, and the full scale destruction is astonishing. The miniatures show 20th Century Fox effects team in top form. What an admirable visual and dramatic achievement, all the more so because the film prides itself on it's historical accuracy. Fox spent nearly 25 million+ in 1970, which was an astronomical budget at the time for a film with no major stars, and dangerously risky. But you can see every dollar right up there on the screen.<br /><br />Not only on the American side, but on the Japanese side as well, the action, the editing, and that bone-crunching soundtrack pull together one of Hollywood's most underrated achievements of the 60's and 70's. This is the rare Hollywood masterpiece that is about acting portrayals, NOT movie stars. T-T-T is among Jerry Goldsmith's very best scores, full of orchestral color.<br /><br />The film's only misfortune is that it was released in the middle of an anti-Vietnam-war fervor, and thus did not garner widespread favor with the public. It is as if T-T-T and Patton -- two epic WW2 blockbusters -- were released in 1970 by the studio executives to counteract the anti-war movement. It wouldn't surprise me.<br /><br />This movie was meant to be seen wide screen. The commentary track by directory Richard Fleischer is fascinating, though slow and measured. Fleischer's right -- to see this in 4x3 pan and scan should be made a felony. An incredible piece of history told in a non-propagandistic fashion (oh, hell, how do I know?). The whole fox studio stretched every muscle and flexed every tendon to make this one. WOW! T-T-T will continue to enthrall future generations with it's stunning authenticity and visceral impact. I know of no war film to which I can confer a higher citation.wide screen. The commentary track by directory Richard Fleischer is fascinating, though slow and measured. Fleischer's right -- to see this in 4x3 pan and scan should be made a felony. An incredible piece of history told in a non-propagandistic fashion (oh, hell, how do I know?). The whole fox studio stretched every muscle and flexed every tendon to make this one. WOW! T-T-T will continue to enthrall future generations with it's stunning authenticity and visceral impact. I know of no war film to which I can confer a higher citation.
B004132HZS|5.0|After watching this great new rendition of Sherlock Holmes on PBS I kept wanting to see more. The first season is truly genius. Benedict Cumberbatch as Sherlock gives the character a quirky edge that dusts off the cobwebs of the usual pipe smoking Holmes we are used to seeing. Martin Freeman as Watson is a big surprise. Younger and more mobile than other Dr.Watsons he is the perfect foil for the egotistical Holmes.  Wonderful plots and a cliffhanger part 3 keeps me dying for season 2!
B001HN694K|5.0|I don't believe this movie deserved the slam it's been getting in a lot these reviews. I understand that some are upset that it was completely different from Lewis Carroll's original, but this is basically a sequel. It was not made to be exactly like the book. However, Tim Burton provided all the correct elements to make sure it didn't lack any necessary components to make sure it would not create a completely different land from Lewis's original book or the Disney movie. Though I do not suggest it for small children for some characters and scenes that could very easily frighten them.     Actually, I think this was much better than the book. Tim gives it a story line that has a purpose. I did very much like the book, but the basic story line was Alice goes into Wonderland and wakes up to find it was a dream. However, with Tim's sequel Alice is called to Wonderland by the White Rabbit to help the White Queen defeat the Red Queen (previously known as The Queen of Hearts). When Alice discovers this she denies being able to do it and ends up getting caught up in a series of events chain-linked to each other. These events, of course, include the Cheshire Cat and the Mad Hatter. All the while, Alice is slowly finding pieces of herself she had lost from her childhood. She re-becomes herself through the movie.    The graphics were simply put as amazing. Graphically wise, this was Tim Burton's best work yet. Though also his most recent. Out of completely green-screened scenes, and even some green-screened costumes, he created this world and some of the characters. Yet, it stayed sharp and very real-looking.    The actors/actresses played their characters very well. Johnny Depp, appearing in a lot of Tim's movies, always plays the oddball character very well, and this time he was perfect for the Mad Hatter. Mia Wasikowska was made for Alice, and seemed to very well understand her character's personality. And as for the Red Queen, played by Helena Bonham Carter, you could nothave picked a better one. All the other characters seemed to play their characters very well and had the face to make the character believable.     So overall, this movie was not made to be like an Alice in Wonderland before but as a sequel. It still included all the elements to keep it still like the Wonderland we are used to. I would not suggest if for small children because of possibly frightening characters and scenes. Also, Tim Burton has given the story-line an ultimate purpose and conclusion. The graphics were extremely good. And the actors/actresses were all perfect for each part. This movie made it into my top five favorite movies the first time I saw it in the theater.
0553801473|3.0|!!!!!!!! CONTAINS MAJOR SPOILERS, DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVE NOT READ !!!!!!!!<br /><br />Good news for those of you waiting to hear about your favorite characters, Jon, Daenerys and Tyrion are all here.  The bad news is that  their story-lines are the worst parts of the book.  The plot moves at a slugs pace, not much really happens to move the main story along at all.<br /><br />Tyrion - Tyrion was one of the best characters, but there's only so much of his repetitive wiseguy hijinks that I can take, especially when it doesn't move the story along at all.  Yeah, we know, Tyrion is a smart a$$ dwarf that can't keep his mouth shut. I can sum up every Tyrion chapter like this: Tyrion mouths off, *Smack*,  Tyrion spits  blood.  Tyrion insults whoever, *Kick*, Tyrion doubles over in pain, Tyrion speaks his mind, *Whack*, Tyrion groans.  Seriously, every chapter about  Tyrion involves him smarting off and getting a beat down, that's all.  Add to that, a near death scene and an improbable rescue of Tyrion and you have a lot of disappointing chapters involving your best character.<br /><br />Daenery's - Wow, were these chapters tedious.  In a nutshell, Daenery's is a bleeding heart that wants to save the world, down to the last kitten, bunny, puppy & butterfly.  No child, animal or insect left behind, at all costs.  Oh wait, she also cages her dragons.  I found myself throughout the book wanting to shake Dany violently and yell, \\"Wakeup! It's not you the people are following, it's your Dragons, it's not about you and your platinum hair & amethyst eyes, it's about your Dragons, and you just caged them up! Get an F'ing clue girl!\\"<br /><br />Jon - Much like Daenerys, Jon has decided to save the world, including the entire Wildling population down to the last giant, no matter what the cost to his Brothers. *Sigh* Jon is very stubborn and unyielding much like his father.  He doesn't listen to anyone around him of the danger he is in, yes, much like his father.  Jon's chapters were alright except for a huge, glaring, fly in the ointment, part that Martin added.  Jon gets a letter from Bolton revealing that Bolton has just destroyed Stannis and is going to be coming for Jon if he doesn't comply with his wishes.  What does Jon do? He gets personal and decides to attack Roose and anyone of the Watch that wants to join him is welcome.  In other words, he decides to commit treason. As Stewie Griffith would say: \\"Say Whaaaaat?\\"  Martin has spent the previous books and this one building Jon up as a follower of the rules, much like his father, and out of nowhere he decides to break the main oath of the Watch, \\"Don't Get Involved\\".  Add to it, that Jon is the Commander, not just some grunt of the Watch and it just becomes ridiculous, totally brings down the book.  Unlike others, I don't care a lick that Jon's is cut down by his Brothers, isn't that their duty after all to handle treason?  They were doing their job, unlike Jon. But if Jon is brought back to life after basically having his throat cut and belly sliced open, I will really be upset and this series will have officially, \\"Jumped the Shark\\".  The only thing I'll accept is if he goes into Ghost, a proper name, if you think about it.  If he comes back with a miraculous recovery or as a wight, sun-god zombie or whatever, the book will be ruined and becomes a farce for me.<br /><br />The book of course contains several other stories about ancillary characters that for the most part go nowhere and add nothing to the story but more pages.  But the story of Theon \\"Reek\\" Greyjoy is the one bright spot and probably the best storyline in the book. This book was rather bloated with endless details that only Martin can describe.  He does it with great prose in great style but there are only so many descriptions of food you can stomach without becoming bored.  His descriptions of food, meals and drink were so detailed and exact, that I often found myself craving food throughout my read. Martin's star might be fading in the fantasy fiction world, but the Food Channel would be chomping at the bit to get him to market their channel.  Another thing that annoys me was Martin's repetition of the same old phrases.  She's been f'ing Lancel and Osmund Kettleblack and probably Moon Boy for all I know.  My name is Reek it rhymes with meek.  Where do whores go, for that matter where do plots go?  Not anywhere fast in this book.<br /><br />It's not a bad book, but for Martin it has to be considered mediocre mess.  I can only hope he can tighten up the remainder of his books and not ruin his legacy as one of the best.  I know many people will give this book a 1 star review because their favorite character, Jon, was killed.  I'll just say this, basing your review off an emotional attachment to a fictional character is unfair. Life is not a song, sweetling. Someday you may learn that, to your sorrow.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Purchased this app and can't put it down! The music and graphics are top notch. This game definitely sets the bar for other Android apps.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|It would be a great disservice to this band, and to yourself if you're a fan, to immediately dismiss \\"Fly from Here\\" as a bad album, or \\"not a Yes album\\" simply because Jon Anderson is not providing lead vocals.  I, too, was very disappointed when I learned that Jon was no longer a part of the band, but Yes has ALWAYS moved on, and have ALWAYS had lineup changes.  That aspect of this band is nothing new.  However, Benoit David, the new lead vocalist, has the range and that golden quality to his voice to both sing new Yes music and to handle the old music live onstage.  If anyone could replace Jon in Yes, it is Benoit David!    Jon's presence, however, is sorely missed when we get down to lyrics.  I miss Jon's dippy-hippy, peace, truth, and love lyrics.  The lyrics lack his unique Great Mother cosmic consciousness aspect, and his joy at using nonsensical vocal sounds just for their musical quality.  The majority of the songs on this album were written my Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes, which makes it feel like less of a band effort and allows some dated 80's-style staccato rhythms to creep in that just don't set well with me.  If anything, this album needed more Yes and less Buggles.  So while Benoit David sings like an angel, it's my opinion that the lyricists let him down a bit.    As for the music, we have the 20 minute opus, \\"Fly from Here,\\" which sounds good and moves along well, but is let down by the lyrics.  \\"Life on a Film Set\\" has a haunting quality to it, and \\"Hour of Need\\" is my favorite song on the album, the lyrics feeling more Yes-like on that song than probably anywhere else on the album.  Steve has some solo pieces, and plays like the guitar god that he is, and Squire and White never fail to amaze.  Squire will go down as one of the great bass players in rock history! I'm not so keen on Geoff Downes as the new keyboardist as I feel his work often feels very 80's instead of having the ethereal quality that suits Yes best.  I wish they had kept Oliver Wakeman in the band, but Downes is a Yes veteran and certainly clicks with the band.    So even though Jon Anderson is missing from this album, Benoit David is a shining star, and that makes the transition much easier to bear.  You should not skip this album simply because Jon isn't singing.  After all, the band has been wanting to record new music for some time now, and Jon (his illness notwithstanding) has not been interested in making a new Yes album.  It's been more than 10 years since there's been a studio album from Yes, and I'm grateful that there is new Yes music to enjoy!  Hopefully, we won't have to wait so long for another new album.    Oh... and don't listen to the people who are knocking this band for being \\"geriatric.\\"  Is there a mandatory age where musicians should quit creating, sell their guitars, and become accountants?  That's garbage!  Yeah, these guys have been playing for a long time, but it is because of that fact that they are the virtuoso musicians that they are, and that virtuosity is on display on \\"Fly from Here!\\"    Brent  Deep Purple Hub  [...]
B004Q3UL2O|1.0|Terrible acting, dialogues, pointless sex scenes.  Before this movie I really liked Ann but everyone can make a bad movie once in a while.  This is more the director's and writer's fault. I hope.
B004YW4L5K|2.0|I'll start with the books only two redeeming qualities: (1) the first few chapters and (2) the last few chapters. To call everything in between \\"crap prose\\" is an insult to crap prose. If not for the two redeeming qualities that I mentioned, this book would have received only one star. It should have been a short story, not a novel.<br /><br />My chief complaint is that Gaiman had absolutely no character development. The characters started bland, continued to be bland, and ended bland. With respect to the main character, I was left wondering whether I was actually supposed to care about what happened to him. Furthermore, Gaiman's attempts at twists are complete failures. If the reader knows even the most minimal amount of mythology, the book is predictable. There are absolutely no surprises. Furthermore, the entire middle of the book is pointless. It takes the story absolutely nowhere and seems more like an old man rambling stream of conscious and then falling asleep mid-sentence. It took a great deal of effort for me to read even half a chapter a day, and I could not help but feel that I had just wasted 10 minutes of my life that I would never get back.<br /><br />This was my first and last Gaiman novel. Given that this was one of his most highly rated books, I expected some minimal ability to write. Clearly, his storytelling ability is all hype and no substance.<br /><br />From a Kindle standpoint, you should pass on this book. The e-book uses few if any of the Kindle's amazing browsing features. At one point, I wanted to go back a few chapters in order to reread something said earlier and had to flip through page-by-page because the chapter-to-chapter feature doesn't work. If you are going to put a crap book into Kindle format, minimizing frustration would be a wise decision to make.
B0006Z2KXE|5.0|I bought this for one of my nieces, and am very happy with the set. It's a great, classic movie, and well worth the great price!
B004Y1USJE|2.0|This album unfortunately is what I expected, Drama era Yes. It sounds like a flashback of the 80's.   The songs sound pretty much void of emotion and real creativity, especially the lyrics.   The only redeeming quality is the production; it sounds very crisp. Other than that, pretty lame.
B00364K6YW|5.0|One of the best \\"period piece\\" films, and the best film versions, in my opinion. The acting is GREAT,and everything else, period, is just perfect. I love it!
B00197POXG|4.0|I absolutely loved this show when it originally aired. Now I'm happy to be sharing it with my own children. We've finished Season 1 and haven't had any problems with the episodes not playing or the sound being off (I'm a lip-reader so I notice those things).<br /><br />My only complaint about the DVDs is that there is no \\"play all\\" selection (or if there is, I haven't found it). The root menu lists the episodes on each disk and you have to select play for each episode individually. It's kind of a pain, but not a deal breaker.<br /><br />My real complaint is with the packaging. The idea of the \\"book\\" is clever but poorly constructed. Each disc fits into the cardboard sleeves of the pages. I'm concerned that there is not a soft lining to prevent scratching on the discs.<br /><br />Overall I am pleased with my purchase...especially for the price! When I purchased them, they were on sale for less than $75 for the entire 6 seasons and 2 movies. I thought it was a wonderful deal!
B00006DEF9|5.0|One of the BEST musical movies, ever, in my opinion. It's funny, romantic, and drama-filled, too. I love it, and was so happy to buy it for one of my nieces for her birthday. GREAT price, too!
0812973992|4.0|Set In NYC when a man walked between the twin towers on a tightrope.   Through interconnected stories you get a snapshot of several people who were there that day.  Well written and engaging.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|My husband and I are huge BSG fans and I was really appreciative of the price and how quickly I received the box set. It was in brand new condition and perfect to give my husband as an anniversary gift.  Very satisfied!
B004SUDPXW|5.0|We're three seasons in, and this show is still impressively good. In fact, the third is arguably its finest season yet.  And that speaks for itself, because it's rare enough when a show manages to maintain a certain level of quality over multiple seasons, but it's even rarer when each season tops the previous one.    One of the great strengths of Breaking Bad continues to be its strive for constant evolution. The character of Walter White exemplifies this.   He was indeed a different man at the beginning of this journey than he is now. He is almost unrecognizable. His repulsive actions may even alienate some viewers to a point where they might tune out - it's understandable, but I for one am convinced it's fascinating to watch. It will get you to think about the moral questions the show raises. I find it admirable that the writers are willing to go down that road.    A great surprise this season was Hank. Not only has this character that seemed to be not much more than a stereotypical cop morphed into a deep, layered person I care about and truly sympathize with, no, Dean Norris also does stellar work here that should have earned him an Emmy nomination last year. Still suffering from PTSD, he declines a job offer that would again send him out of town and instead becomes obsessed with catching the ominous Heisenberg. It leads to certain occurrences that turn Hank's life upside down. He begins to question everything he thought he was, everything he thought he knew about himself. Very powerful and profound issues that the writers tackle with great care and expertise. And again, it's a showcase for Norris' impressive, and somewhat surprising, acting abilities.    The dynamic between Jesse and Walter is still unbelievable. Put these two in a room for an entire episode, let them talk, and you have one of the most brilliant pieces of television you will ever see.  That is the wonderful Episode \\"Fly\\".    There are so many themes touched on and stories being told, it's hardto write about all of them. Bottom line is, this season expands the Breaking Bad universe with the addition of new characters, like the mesmerizing drug lord Gus(Giancarlo Esposito) or the cool-headed \\"cleaner\\" Mike(Jonathan Banks), with the possibility of Walter's wife becoming a part of Walt's doings and features more breathtaking photography and cinematography than ever.      The Blu-ray presentation is great. Clear picture and sound make it well worth the extra buck. Especially the famous shots of the Albuquerque desert make it a beautiful experience on Blu-ray.    Special features come aplenty. With the exception of two or so, every episode features commentary with cast and crew. They give you a very informative look behind the scenes and are simply fun to listen to. Deleted scenes, various featurettes and 13 ~5 minute video excerpts from the \\"Breaking Bad Insider Podcast\\" round off the the package.
B000G28IRE|5.0|I ordered these for delivery in the US (I live in the UK) to pick up when I recently visited. I was a bit worried that I was not going to get what I was expecting. Ordering soes over the internet without trying them on can be 'hit or miss'as to whether they will fit properly or not.    I need not have worried. The shoes are top quality, very comfortable and they are great value for money. They were delivered promptly and are exactly as described on the page.     I'm very pleased with my purchase and the service I received.
B004XOGLBQ|5.0|Like many of you, I'm a huge Eddie Vedder/Pearl Jam fan.  I admire Eddie's dedication and efforts to go in different musical directions, am really enjoying this album.  I was lucky enough to catch one of his live sold out shows while he is on tour now.  If he comes to your city, run to see it, it was incredible.  He played many songs from his new album and so much more, showed what a great man he is, thanks Eddie!   I got this album after seeing his show and may even get a ukelele of my own!
B004GCPJDQ|5.0|I have had no problems with this mouse. Great packaging, great product. Pulled it out, plugged in the new battery, plugged the charging dock into my computer, and everything worked perfectly!    I really like this product. I recommend it to anyone who works in an office where they are using their magic mouse all day.
1589946634|2.0|Let me start off by saying that I love 40k.    I do not love this game.  The rulebook is extremely poorly written and the cards are poorly differentiated.  How bad is the rulebook?  I work at a video game company, and we played this game for the first time with 5 people.  It took 50 minutes to get the board set up and for us to play a single turn.  That's how poorly organized the information is presented.
B004SBS8LA|2.0|Not only do you need wifi to download next level, it crashes frequently. And this &quot;ad-free&quot;version had ads, a horribly slow ad for something called car show
B003UAKE9Y|3.0|I got my dvd in good time. When opening the case for the first time the dvd was not clicked into place right, so the dvd was rattling around the case. The dvd seemed undamaged, but the seller should keep an eye on this for future shipments.
B002HJ9PTO|5.0|Because of work, I needed a microphone so that I don't get too much background noise with it. I searched amazon.com first, with wanting wireless unit in mind, but that turns out to be too expensive for my budget, so I turned to wired units.<br /><br />This one offers 6m (or 20') cable, which is good, as I would need the speaker to wear it on the collar, and yet long enough to reach a voice recorder. At first I thought it was 6', but looking again at the back of the package, it was 6m! That's a considerably long length of cable. Getting it out of the package was a little difficult, because everything was wedged into the package to prevent fall out during shipping and traveling. I like the idea, so that if I need to pack it back and take it out for a trip, I would not have to worry about losing small parts.<br /><br />I tried this with my smartphone (with voice recorder app), and it turned out pretty well, picking up the voice very clear and crisp. Though it also picked up some background noise, I guess that is just the environment that I tested it in.<br /><br />The price for this unit is very nice, for under $20 and metal switch part, you can't ask for any better. Very glad that I went for this one, instead of a wireless unit that would cost me well over $100, and not sure if that quality would be good enough.
1400079144|5.0|Cant believe i waited so long to read this!! Love that the 2nd hand books are already broken in too!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I love this backpack! I do a lot of freelance photography work and had been looking for a case or something for my Nikon D80. It fit in there perfectly and had a lot of spaces for my accessories and stuff. It's really comfortable. I would recommend this product to any one looking for a camera bag.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|I was up all night reading this as soon as it was released. I balled and balled. I also hope it stays at the top sellers list.  I hope Jaycee can get continued healing and peace for her and her girls. I just cannot imagine going through what she went through. I am not going to try to restate what the majority of everyone else here is saying because I`m not that eloquent. It is graphic but that was her reality. And I respect that she needed to share it.  BUT this book will change your life and purchasing a copy will support someone who needs it!
B004LRVFX4|3.0|Spoiler alert..  I saw both movies and I will said that I like the original version the most. In both movies the actors are great, I really admired their roles. But for me the end in the last one Let Me in, took out all the meaning of them being together. Yes it was dramatic when you see the kid been pull out from the lockers like a dog, and him running for the knife trying to find something to defend himself, yes it make me feel sorry for him, that's it, it was just one more story of a bully and his victim to me. Gave the idea that he was expecting that to happen, it didn't took him by surprise at all. In the original, the kid is swimming and having so much fun, his smile is so innocent and real, like a little boy will be that I just feel outrageous when this others kids harass him and the betray is even more painful to watch. Even his child response that he won't be able to hold breathing for that long, the sign of fear slowly painting in his face understanding that this time the bullies are going far, I find it more hurtful than the blank face of fear that the other kid have. And for me they miss the connection, how does a child decided to leave everything to be with this little pretty creepy monster at all without the rescue. The emotional connection is lost, he get's out from the water himself! As in the original it seems to be at first that some diabolical entity that nobody sees at first is dismembering everybody around the pool, and he is oblivious to what is happening outside, weakening as he tries to hold his breath, but when she extend her hands and pull him out of the water, the way he smiles back to her, as it was an angel that has save him, it make sense to me then that he will go after her for the rest of his life. In the last one, the kids is  not surprise to see her, and keeps his face of fear and there is no thankful look at all from him. So yes, the movie was great, but I wish they have change everything on it if they wanted, but the pool scene.
B00005JMXX|5.0|The first time I rented it, then I watched it on TV, and now I own it.  Great movie.
1439102724|3.0|I haven't read all of Ms. Picoult's books but the ones I have always enjoyed, I couldn't put this book down until I got to the last chapters....I was dissapointed in the ending, though I now realize that I saw part of it coming.   People say that it was a controversial issue, but it's life as we know it.  Living in New York I understood the characters and what they were struggling with having to feel like they had to hide their relationship.
B003Y5H54W|3.0|Lovely faiy tale is told in a new fashion.  Red Riding Hood (Valerie) lives in a small remote village during middle ages with her family.  She has seemingly carefree childhood and adulthood until one day her own sister is killed by a wolf.  The entire village is outraged and the hunt begins where everyone is a suspect about being a warewolf.<br /><br />This is a typical movie geared towards teenagers and young adults.  There is a love plot (or better yet a love triangle), a priest (fantastic Gary Oldman) determined to hunt down the beast that affected his personal life and typical baccanalian celebration so loved by people who lived in the middle ages.  There is a subtle exploration of young love, sexuality, incest and parental control.<br /><br />I loved the scenes with pictures of nature and forest.  And the girl in a red riding hood of bright red color definitely fits well into this story.  I enjoyed the storytelling and the movie, but I also found it to be not too memorable.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|Item came quickly and though used, it was in excellent condition. Program still very funny! The opening 3rd season's show proves that. A recommenmended buy.
B001XRLWPQ|4.0|This series is promising but overall somewhat disappointing. The acting is fair but the main actor, a witty writer, seems content with delivering his lines with a quasi-cheesinsess that borders on campiness. Which can be enjoyable in the right context but his female counter part, a spunky cop, isn't the right compliment. The effect is that both actors seem out of place. Many of the plots are good enough, along the lines of a British cozy, but they don't have the believability of a really great mystery.<br /><br />So while the actors are appealing enough (I did like the girl who plays the writer's daughter) I found myself thinking I should like the series when I actually wasn't really enjoying it much. I give the series four stars instead of three for generally avoiding the supposed provocativeness prevalent in most shows of this genre.
B004EPYZUI|5.0|Zack Snyder's \\"Sucker Punch\\" was released into theaters in March of 2011, to a resounding *THUD* from movie critics and movie-going audiences. The majority of mainstream reviews claimed that it objectified women and made a mockery of feminism, while audiences went into the theaters expecting a hollow piece of action-movie titillation, only to get... something else.    Well, now that \\"Sucker Punch\\" has been released on Blu-ray and DVD, and I've actually seen it with an open mind and no preconceived notions, I can safely say that both camps missed the point entirely.    This is not a mindless piece of T&A-filled escapism. This is also not the abomination that so many seemed dedicated to making it out to be... To put it simply: there is no way to put this movie simply.    Without spoiling too much of the plot, this movie centers around a young girl (introduced to the audience as \\"Babydoll\\") who escapes from the grim reality of being unjustly imprisoned in an insane asylum by slipping into a dissociative fantasy where she and several of her fellow inmates are \\"working girls\\" held captive in a brothel. The details of this fantasy realm suggest that there is sexual abuse going on within the walls of the real-world asylum, which (coupled with the implied abuse that Babydoll suffered at the hands of her step-father) is a corner-stone of who this young woman is and what she is imagining.    Within the brothel fantasy, Baby hatches a plan to escape from the brothel/asylum with four of her fellow captives. (All four of these additional characters are female, and it can be assumed that all have had to endure abuse of some sort throughout their time in captivity.)     While the four young women enact their escape plan, the audience is taken into a *second* layer of fantasy, one in which the girls are powerful, fearless warriors who fight as an impenetrable unit. (It is within this fantasy realm that the movie's aggressive soundtrack and mouth-dropping CG visuals really come intoplay for the viewer.)    I won't go into further plot detail for fear of spoilers, but this movie is one of the most original and engaging stories I've seen all year. The villain (Oscar Isaac) is amazingly diabolical in his role, and the five leads all do their jobs admirably.     Whether you love or hate it will be as difficult to predict as this movie is to describe, but it has already developed a cult following and one thing is certain: it is unlike any other film you'll see this year.     It may seem hyperbolic, but it's in my top ten... \\"Sucker Punch\\" got me.
B0021L8UPS|1.0|the video doesn't work, took it on vacation so we could have a movie night and put it in the player and nothing is there.  I don't think I will order another video from Amazon. This was ridiculous and awful.
0307887960|3.0|First I want to say I am a former personal trainer (and current 4th year medical student) who has fought the low carb trend tooth and nail.  I was never an Atkins diet proponent and when I heard about the Dukan Diet I was skeptical but interested.  I read the book and it was an easy read and made a lot of sense despite the training I had for my certificates and my education. I decided to give this diet a try.  I am a relatively fit middle age person who has been running for 11 years and enjoys most types of exercise and activity.  Given that this diet was not for me.  my energy levels bottomed out (which I expected) but did not return two weeks into the diet.  I could barely run 3 miles and had to stop and walk frequently, I craved weird foods I never had a taste for before and I pretty much struggled the whole 2 weeks I was on it.  None of the recipes turned out for me and I was having a hard time finding variety in my diet.  I was hoping to loose 10 lbs that I had gained during a long bout of steroids I had to take for an illness and in that 2 weeks I didn't loose a pound.  Now these are just my results, I know plenty of people that have done well on this diet and lost good amounts of weight.  I am a carb loving, exercise loving, healthy eater and this diet was not for me.  If you fit this profile maybe you should rethink this diet.
B0000027RL|5.0|I was a teenager in the 90s, and I wait for twenty years to buy that CD, just amazing and back to 90s with them.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This is a great app to tune your home wifi hotspot to better frequencies and lower interference.  Wish I had gotten this app long time ago.
1594744769|2.0|I wanted to like this book.  The premise is really charming, and the boy Jacob is such a lovely character.  I also loved the idea of a story based upon found photography.  I read this book on my Kindle, and I want to say up front that I adore my Kindle. BUT, I'm not sure that this book works in the electronic format.  I could not see any detail in the photographs, which was so disappointing.  Also, without giving away anything, there is a note written at the very end by a key character, which I could not read as it was placed in the book as a photograph.  So, that being said, my guess is that I missed a great deal from this book that might have helped me enjoy it more. I also would like to say that I found the 1st half of the book far more enjoyable than the 2nd half.  Mr. Riggs seems to lose some focus toward the end, arbitrarily wrapping things up as though he's run out of things to say.  Lastly, THE ENDING, which is the reason for my two star rating.  I found the end so unsatisfying that I didn't even know I was at the end! I turned the page expecting more book!  I realize that the current economics of the publishing world dictates that virtually every story is supposed to be one of a series of books.  However, this book was such a blatant set up, and so incomplete on it's face, that I found myself a little angry at Mr. Riggs.  I would love to read a book that is a complete story in itself, and not the potential for a movie deal or a sequel.  Just saying....
B004SBX112|5.0|Playing Angry Birds ad-free on Android is wonderful.  That wasn't even an option on Android market.  Ads were so annoying and slowed the game quite a bit.  Gladly paid $0.99 for this :-)
1451629184|4.0|I read this book in one sitting.  I am overwhelmed at the frankness Jaycee Dugard displays in her writings.  Obviously this isn't written by a skilled writer, too many thoughts that are just left, but her ability to be so raw in writing about her captivity is impressive.  I didn't sleep well last night and not sure how many more nights there will be like that.  My neighbor is about Jaycee's age when she was abducted.  I try to picture these awful things happening to her and it takes my breath away.<br /><br />There is nothing in the book that would make it a \\"fluff piece\\".  Jaycee puts everything out there.  The pictures in my mind are horrific and can only guess they were much worse, in person.  It's heart wrenching the way she goes from despising Phillip and Nancy and then beating herself up because she's so dependent on them for everything, even a simple bathroom break.<br /><br />I commend Jaycee for this book and for not hiding the sins of Phillip and Nancy Garrido.  Knowing what I know now, I'm not sure I would read this book as it's emotional and upsetting . . . so moving, wrenching, heartbreaking, terrifying.  Her survival skills and the instinct to keep her daughters safe are much more than amazing.<br /><br />I only hope that Jaycee and her daughters find the peace and safety they didn't have for so long.
0670022411|5.0|i loved this book. the ending just left me wanting more. if you like history, science, magic, and wine then you wont put the book down till your jaw is left wide open at the end.     i cant wait for the 2nd book.
B003F3FJQO|3.0|If I knew this was going to be a trilogy but I thought I may get more answers if I read the second novel.  That was the flaw in my logic.  They have another whole book to write why make the second one answer anything.<br /><br />I think it goes without saying I'm about to spoil things that happened in The Maze Runner, so either stop reading or keep on reading and you can skip both novels.<br /><br />The boys escape the Maze in the first novel to find out that earth has been essentially destroyed by a solar flare.  Apparently, the solar flare killed the majority of the population  and those that were not killed are being slowed turned into zombie like creatures.  Actually it's more like rabies and intense hysteria, but I'm calling it zombie disease.  There is a cure but it's very very very expensive.  The boys find out they were put in the maze to be tested.  Apparently these test are important and  can help save humanity.  Is there anymore explanation? Not a lot. In the novel, you are never sure who Thomas should trust and you really do become attached to certain characters..but why is all this happening???<br />The Scorch Trials picks up right after The Maze Runner ends.  The boys are placed in phase two of testing.  They must make it across the scorched earth to a place called Safe Haven where they have been promised the cure to the zombie disease that apparently all the boys were immediately affected with once they escaped the maze.  How's that for a congratulations on surviving. If the second book has offered up some answers to questions brought up in the first book I would have enjoyed the series. I hate the fact I have to wait for yet another book to come out before I get even the simplest of answers.
B00479SVBU|5.0|This is what all other fm tuners should strive to be.  It works beautifully.  The audio is crystal clear, the volume is high, and there is no static.  I drive a 2004 Ford Mustang and had been rocking the monster cable fm tuner for the last few years.  I searched around at the time and ended up buying it from target for $80.  I was never very happy with the quality of the thing.  It had a lot of static and wouldn't transmit my bass very well.  About a year in to owning it the cable shorted out near the plug and for some reason I struggled through it getting only intermittent sound out of my speakers.  Finally I decided to bite the bullet and bought this to replace it.  I'm so happy that I did.  It is hands down the best fm tuner I have ever heard.  Its super easy to hook up, offers a lot of additional functionality with the sd card reading, and the best part is if anything happens to my cable this time I can just buy a $1 replacement cable and not have to throw the whole thing out.  Really an excellent item!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Probably my biggest pet peeve is people who refuse to read the series because they have read Battle Royale  by Koushun Takami.  I've read both The Hunger Game series and Battle Roayle. Besides the fact they both share the idea that children are forced to fight each other to the death the books couldn't be more different.<br /><br />For those people out there claiming that Suzanne Collins ripped off Battle Royale maybe you should remember Takami claims that The Long Walk, The Running Man and Lord of the Flies influenced Battle Royale.  Authors use other novels to help build and shape the world they want to create.  I believe any great novelist has done it.<br /><br />Battle Royale focuses mainly on the killing (and they are horrific) and the killing arena while The Hunger Game series creates and fleshes out a brand new society and governmental structure.  In The Hunger Games the games were used a method of entertainment and punishment over their citizens while Battle Royale used it mainly as a method to curb and control the youth from uprising.
B004WJRF6C|5.0|I still have the LP when it came out in 1970. I've been waiting quite a while for this album to come out on CD. McCartney plays all the instruments on the album as well as wrote all the songs & music (Valentine Day, Hot As Sun & Glasses). This album also came out at the same time Let It Be, by the Beatles was released. Just a great album with a lot of great music.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|This book has been review by so many other CBR III participants I'm not sure if I will had much to add to the discussion. Five year old Jack lives in a place he calls \\"Room\\" with his Mother. The room is simply that a room. This room is a very small room where Jack and his mother live, and where a scary man named Old Nick comes and visits them every night.  As the story progresses it becomes clear that his mother was kidnapped by Old Nick before Jack was born and Jack is the product of the repeated sexual assaults she has endured over the years.  The entire novel is told from the perspective of Jack and at times I wish we could have gotten a few chapters from other narrators.  I would have loved to read a chapter on the mother, maybe the cop, and of course the kidnapped daughter, but having the entire story narrated by a 5 year old child was an interesting way to approach the story in a unique way.<br /><br />The novel reminded me a lot of the the kidnapping of Jaycee Lee Dugard, which I assume the story was somewhat modeled on.  I didn't hate the novel and I didn't love the novel. Overall Room was a quick read with a unique hook that was instantly captivating, but Room slows down in momentum the last quarter of the novel.
B004Y1USJE|4.0|Ten years have passed without a studio album from Yes and it was worth it to hear them do it right.    After a controversial period in the 1990s and early 2000s, the rest of the band elected to proceed without Anderson.  Recruiting golden-touch producer Trevor Horn, and former keyboard member Geoff Downes, Yes restored the Anderson-less configuration of Yes from the album \\"Drama\\" 30 years ago, substituting only the (frankly better suited) vocals of Benoit David for Horn's.  David has a splendid tenor altino range to match a young Anderson and has toured with the band since 2008.  \\"Fly from Here\\" gives David his own solid (and, one hopes, lasting) place in the band's history.      Since its formation in 1968, Yes has had its share of creative issues.  It is best when daring and experimental.  The successful sound sometimes requires sacrificing some very popular personnel.  But today's result is challenging yet accessible compositions, fully committed performances, and visionary production.  \\"Fly from Here\\" stands solidly in the \\"win\\" column of Yes's extensive and formidable catalog.
B0045U9WPU|3.0|Delirium is much like Matched and The Giver.  Shockingly this novel actually made me appreciate Matched a bit more.  I'm not sure why this novel annoyed me so much. I'm guessing because it felt so much like some of the other novels I had all ready read I was just sick of the genre.<br /><br />Delirium is based on the fact that their is a highly contagious and deadly disease running rampant through society. This disease is Amor Deliria Nervosa and you can only be cured from it once you turn 18.  The disease is also known as Love. The government has also altered poetry, novels, many types of literature and music to erase anything positive about love.  People are raised thinking the worst thing that can happen to individual is if they fall in love.  Apparently the symptoms of love are erratic mood swings, unpredictability, and extreme depression once the relationship ends.  This extreme depression can lead to suicide, war, and many other extremely unpleasant events.<br /><br />This book has been reviewed a few times on CBR III so I don't need to go into major details.  Without even reading you can guess what happens.  Our protagonist Lena ::gasps:: falls in love and has to fight against society and its standards to regain her individuality.  I actually really enjoyed the ending of the novel and  then I found out it was a planned trilogy, which should be interesting considering the way we left Lena.  I think my biggest problem with trilogies is the first novel can feel like it takes forever before it starts to become interesting.
6301697707|5.0|I got the Movie \\"Tremors\\" for my mother for her birthday. I had looked all over for this movie because Reba was in it, I never found it till I looked on Amazon. I order it I thought was too late for her birthday but hey it was my fault. I GOT the Movie 3 days before my mother birthday, it was so great and the movie is great. No problems with it skipping, color is great,sound wonderful. I will order again from Amazon and look there first.
B003MC5N28|5.0|I may be one of the few people who never read Lois Lowry's The Giver growing up. For some reason it was never assigned to me in any of my English classes but I remember seeing people carrying it around. I would like to start off by saying I am so glad I decided to read this book. I wish I had been assigned this book to read this novel growing up instead of an entire year of Shakespeare and and entire year of Greek plays. I read The Giver a few days ago and the novel still haunts me.<br /><br />Twelve year old Jonas has grown up in a community where nothing bad ever happens and every decision is made for you.  In this society everyone's career is chosen for them at the age of 12.  Sexual impulses are squashed with a well regimented drug therapy, and later in life the society decides who your partner will be.  The society then provides you with two children to raise, One girl and one boy.  Once the elderly become a burden they are \\"released\\" from the society.  Infants who do not grow at an ideal rate as also \\"released\\".<br /><br />At first glance the society seems perfect.  There is no crime, no poverty, no unemployment and everyone appears to be happy, but there is also no sex, no pure joy, no large families, and worst of all no love.  The society's mission is to promote \\"sameness\\".<br /><br />The novel follows Jonas after he is  picked to be the next \\"Receiver of Memories.\\"  This position is a very prestigious position because there is only ever one \\"Receiver of Memories\\" at one time.  Under the guidance of the man known as \\"the Giver\\" he begins to learn the mysteries of the world.  Jonas slowly learns about war, famine, love, and is educated on some things as basic as weather and colors.  As Jonas progresses in his chosen career path he starts to wonder if the perfect society is worth all the sacrifices.  Jonas and the Giver decide to try and change their society but will people who have never experience any true emotions be able to handle the history of the world?
0739384198|5.0|This book is the culmination of Steig Larsson's trilogy of the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It's amazing writing, story telling, and you feel like you're right in the middle of the action. Definitely get all three of these books. Wish Steig were still here!
B003K16P3M|4.0|Graceling is best described as a fantasy novel.  Kantsa (so close to Katniss I know) is a woman in her young teens.  She is known in her society as a Graceling.  Graceling are humans with special gifts.  Her talent happens to be fighting.  She could fight an entire room of men and survive.  Gracelings are marked by the fact that they have two different colored eyes.  Some Gracelings have the gift of persuasion, telepathy, navigation, etc.<br /><br />The world in Graceling is separated in seven kingdoms all ruled by separate monarchies. The kingdom that Kantsa currently resides in is ruled by her Uncle and he uses Kantsa's special gifts to torture those in the kingdom that wrong him.  She decides to revolt against her Uncle by creating a special council that tries to right injustices across the kingdoms.  You first meet Kantsa as she is rescuing a kidnapped father of Lienid's King (one of the Kingdom's).  During the adventure she meets Po, the grandson of the captured man.  Together the two of them search the seven kingdoms on clues on why he was captured, and of course in typical Young Adult Fiction they start making the beast with two backs during their journeys.<br /><br />The story is at first tough to get into as you get use to all the terminology and the new world but once you start to discover why this man was kidnapped the story picks up pace and actually becomes a lot of fun to read.  The novel is a part of a series but it ends in a satisfying way so you aren't compelled to track down the other novels immediately to find out what happens.
B002VWNICW|5.0|My mother tried to get me to watch it for years.....I assumed it would be dull like sense and sensibility or whatever that movie is called so I vehemently said NO. I was by myself one day and was on a romance movie marathon. This movie stole the show!!!! I am in love with the movie, with the characters, with the story, with everything! LOVE
B000FBFN1U|5.0|I'll be honest I can't really remember where one novel ends and the other begins when I was reading this series.  Each novel flawlessly leads into the next one, but I will tell you that this novel kicks you in the crouch and laughs at your pain.  All I can say is I didn't see the majority of that happening, but goddamn it was entertaining.<br /><br />It's really hard to review this novel without spoiling it or the first two novels and with the HBO series being renewed I don't want to spoil anything.  If you enjoyed the first two novels you'll really love this installment, just know it's not for the faint of heart.  I wanted to jump into book 4 but I decided I needed a small break from all these mammoth novels and needed to fill my head up with some more fluff, but I'll be back to review the next two installments in this series.
1400052181|4.0|This was a book that was fascinating and I enjoyed it for the most part.  It was a little slow in the middle, but I found the information more than worth it.  I will pass this book along to younger people in my life who are interested in science- I think it's a beneficial read for anybody who finds science or medicine interesting.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|In the third novel Mockingjay you spend a lot of time wanting Kantiss to stand up and take action, but Kantiss is a beaten, drugged up, exhausted mess of a human.  On the second reading of Mockingjay I appreciated Kantiss's position a bit more.  I believe Collins wanted to show how the games shattered the spirit of even some of the strongest people.  It doesn't matter how many times I read Mockingjay I still cry like a baby the entire last half of the novel.<br /><br />I've read the whole series twice now and I know I'll be rereading it for a third time when the movie comes out.
B004NDVJJG|2.0|Mellow to the point of meekness; I have forced myself to listen to it over and over again for the past week and still don't get it. the track I like the most is \\"Ballad of the Sad Young Man\\", lyrical, but still it sounds too similar to any of Keith Jerrett's. Another track \\"Night Train to You\\" resembles Brad Mehldau's \\"Highway Ryder\\". Their works with Tomasz Stanko was brilliant. Their previous album January was a desert island item to me. I have high expectations on Faithful and now is as well disappointed.
B002QE3CTY|3.0|The story begins when Thomas wakes up in an elevator.  His memory is gone.  He remembers nothing about himself or his past, but his name.  After Thomas wakes up he finds himself surrounded by 60 or so young teenage boys who  like him found themselves waking up on an elevator with no idea of who they are other than their name.  A new boy arrives every 30 days and the first boy arrived over 2 years ago.  They live in an environment they call \\"the glade\\" it is a self contained environment that is surrounded by a maze.  Every day the boys attempt to solve the maze in hopes of find a way of of the glade, but so far they have be unable too.  To make matters worse the maze is filled with strange murderous creatures called Grievers.  The day after Thomas arrives a comatose girl arrives, the first female ever to arrive at the glade.  She is also the first person to arrive where there was not a 30 day break in arrivals. After her arrival things began to change and Thomas works to solve the mystery of the maze and who has put them in this strange and horrifying situation.<br /><br />The Maze Runner has a great premise, but because it's also a trilogy nothing is ever truly resolved. You get a rushed explanation of why these boys were put in the maze, that doesn't make any damn sense.  I loved the fact the novel was truly unique and I found myself invested in certain characters but the lack of resolution drove me insane also the Grievers came across as more humorous than terrifying, but maybe I lack imagination.  However, because the second novel was all ready out I decided to give it a try.....I wanted answers errrr.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I love this CD!  The music is so different-not sure how to describe the type of music other than unique, which makes it wonderful. The words in the songs are not what you normally hear either, sometimes dark, yet so real.  I have found myself singing all these tune over to myself & bebopping to the tune in my head when not listening. Love the bit of banjo...along with the great guitars. I'm a pretty standard run of the mill listener of tunes - I haven't been so excited about a group in many years. Can't wait for their next CD.
B000GCFY0I|3.0|I hated this series so I'll keep the reviews short and to the point.  I've reviewed more than few dystopian YA novels on this site, but I've never encountered a writer that I have hated more than Westerfeld.  I was really intrigued by the premise but the premise ended up being just that a premise. The premise is that everyone at the age of 16  under goes a surgery to become \\"pretty\\". Pretty is an agreed upon standardized version of beautiful formed by the government.<br /><br />The Ugly series follows Tally Youngblood a mischievous teenage who is about to turn 16.  Tally as she becomes closer to the surgery date is torn between wanting to become a  pretty and join her best friend who has all ready gone through the surgery or following her new friend Shay to \\"the smoke\\" a place that supposedly exist where everyone ::gasp:: stays ugly forever! Cue dramatic music.  Who would want to stay ugly?  Is it because the people who live in \\"the smoke\\" know something sinister about the pretty surgeries.  You've read enough novels to answer that yourself, or course there is.<br /><br />Out of the series Uglies was probably my favorite out of them. This explains why I attempted to keep going.  Uglies, however, is by no means a stellar contribution to dystopian YA.
B0054SMIH6|5.0|The Lincoln Lawyer is one of my all time favorite books.  I was pleasantly surprised that the movie so closely resembled the book.  The characters and plot were on point.  I highly recommend this movie (and book!).
B003O86FMW|5.0|Probably my biggest pet peeve is people who refuse to read the series because they have read Battle Royale  by Koushun Takami.  I've read both The Hunger Game series and Battle Roayle. Besides the fact they both share the idea that children are forced to fight each other to the death the books couldn't be more different.<br /><br />For those people out there claiming that Suzanne Collins ripped off Battle Royale maybe you should remember Takami claims that The Long Walk, The Running Man and Lord of the Flies influenced Battle Royale.  Authors use other novels to help build and shape the world they want to create.  I believe any great novelist has done it.<br /><br />Battle Royale focuses mainly on the killing (and they are horrific) and the killing arena while The Hunger Game series creates and fleshes out a brand new society and governmental structure.  In The Hunger Games the games were used a method of entertainment and punishment over their citizens while Battle Royale used it mainly as a method to curb and control the youth from uprising.<br /><br />Getting back to The Hunger Game series obviously the first was my favorite of the trio.  The second novel Catching Fire spends a bit too much rehashing the entire process of getting ready for the games.<br /><br />I've read the whole series twice now and I know I'll be rereading it for a third time when the movie comes out.
1451629184|5.0|Sometimes you can get away with things in non-fiction that would never fly in a novel. Jaycee Dugard is not a character one could make up, she would be dismissed as unbelievable. And she is. This is a child that endured horrific abuse at the hands of a sex offender and his deranged wife for 18 years, who somehow came out the other side as a woman with her gentle, compassionate spirit in tact, and a fierce desire to help others in similar plights. Jaycee's mother speaks of her \\"stubbornness\\"  and I believe this enduring spirit is at the heart of what she meant by that.<br /><br />For anyone who may not know, this is Jaycee Dugard's story of being kidnapped on her walk to school one day at the age of 11, the next 18 years in captivity with an crazy sex offender and his deranged wife, and her last two years after being rescued. One great thing about this book is that nothing is sugar coated, and yet there are always positives. Her first 11 years were not perfect: amidst the love of her mother and for her sister, best friend, and a cat, it was life of being moved around, loss of important animals and people, an absent father, and a stepfather who was far from perfect. Her next 18 years while a living-hell also had glimpses of hope, beauty, simple joys and some happiness,  mostly associated with relationships with animals and the two girls she birthed. Her last two years after being rescued though amazing, have had trials as well, such as the hard work of healing as well as being a shy, private person and extremely protective mother hounded by the media. How ironic that after being restricted to a back yard for 18 years to now be limited in what she can do or where she can go for fear of her children being front page tabloid news.<br /><br />The writing style in this book reminded me some of the Diary of Ann Frank, though the vocabulary and sentence structure were more basic. This story transports the reader into Jaycee Dugard's world to experience it as she did: as an adolescent girl trying to deal with every day boredom punctuated by unspeakable horror. Reading this book made me fluctuate between a pit in the stomach feeling and crying - shedding tears for both the sad and terrible events as well as the sweetness of her memories and dreams.<br /><br />Despite everything Phillip and Nancy Garrido took away from and did to this girl, they never destroyed her gentle, compassionate spirit. The book holds so many wise and beautiful words. In a reflection just prior to describing the first \\"run,\\" a euphemism her captor used for a marathon rape session lasting days, she writes: \\"In my heart I do not hate Phillip. I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their lives that they miss out...\\" Then she reveals what happened to her that day.<br /><br />The book is a compilation of short, event-oriented chapters each followed by a reflection thinking back to that experience or time. There are pictures of her life before the kidnapping and even pictures of her animals and babies during the time she was held captive. One amazing aspect of this book is the inclusion of journal entries Dugard kept hidden over a few year period while held captive and \\"lists\\" she wrote during that time: Affirmations, 10 things that make me happy, 10 things I want to do, Dreams for the future...rying to deal with every day boredom punctuated by unspeakable horror. Reading this book made me fluctuate between a pit in the stomach feeling and crying - shedding tears for both the sad and terrible events as well as the sweetness of her memories and dreams.    Despite everything Phillip and Nancy Garrido took away from and did to this girl, they never destroyed her gentle, compassionate spirit. The book holds so many wise and beautiful words. In a reflection just prior to describing the first \\"run,\\" a euphemism her captor used for a marathon rape session lasting days, she writes: \\"In my heart I do not hate Phillip. I don't believe in hate. To me it wastes too much time. People who hate waste so much of their lives that they miss out...\\" Then she reveals what happened to her that day.    The book is a compilation of short, event-oriented chapters each followed by a reflection thinking back to that experience or time. There are pictures of her life before the kidnapping and even pictures of her animals and babies during the time she was held captive. One amazing aspect of this book is the inclusion of journal entries Dugard kept hidden over a few year period while held captive and \\"lists\\" she wrote during that time: Affirmations, 10 things that make me happy, 10 things I want to do, Dreams for the future...
B004H4XDBI|4.0|If you have read If I Stay I recommend picking up Where She Went. Mia barely survived the crash that killed her entire family. Everyone who was close to Mia had their lives change that day, as well as Mia but she never really understood what her boyfriend Adam was going through at the time. This novel follows Adam three years later after the tragic accident and you find out exactly how the accident created who Adam is today.<br /><br />Adam is now in an extremely popular band but is extremely dissatisfied with life.  Mia is a cellist graduating from Juilliard and is kicking off a world tour.  Adam's and Mia's paths cross for the first time in 3 years and they both expose the hurt and betrayal they felt after the accident and you find out why Adam and Mia's relationship came to a halting stop.<br /><br />I really enjoyed If I Stay, so I loved catching back up with Adam and Mia.  It's hard to believe that two people from a small high school in the middle of the country have become renowned musicians but sometimes you have to let believability slide.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Wow.<br />I finished this book in one day. Its not very long, but it is very well-written and captures all the hope and positivity of what was an unimaginable horror to live through. From her deep love of cats to seeing the moonlight and remembering warm memories spent with her mother watching the moon, Jaycee manages to keep her spirits up while enduring the worst. I cried often, for the loss of her innocence, for her fear, her mother's fear, and the life that was indeed, stolen from her.<br /><br />However, this book does not portray her as a victim, but as a survivor- she did the best she could with her circumstances and she proves that she really can do anything. She's such an inspiration to me and to all who know her, I am sure. Jaycee, thank you for writing this memoir. It has helped me to remember to speak up when something is not right, because who knows how many other Jaycee Dugards are out there that we don't know about. I wish you and your family the best.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|A Game of Thrones is a novel that falls into the fantasy genre and is an epic tale of grandiose proportions.  I often found myself confused by names and places but by the time I got to the end of the novel I felt I had a decent grasp of what was going on.  This is a story that will be much more enjoyable the second time around.  This is not a novel you can pick up in read in just a few nights, sometimes if felt a little like homework. However, it was well worth it and once you get used to the characters and terminology the rest of the books fly by.<br /><br />A Game of Thrones is set up to resemble the Middle Ages or at least a time where who was King was everything. The epic adventure follows the politics of the Iron Throne.  For example, who is in charge, who was murdered to achieve it, what lies were told in the pursuit of the throne.<br /><br />For those of you watching the HBO series you should know that the series follows the source material very very closely.  A lot of passages and lines are lifted directly from the pages and the series hit all the major plot points with surprisingly accuracy.<br /><br />If I tried to summarize the book we would be here for ages, but here are a few key points.  Robert Baratheon has been King of the realm for 15 years. He took the throne after overthrowing the Crazy King.  Baratheon, who once a fierce warrior, is now a man who enjoys booze and whores.  He has more interest in bedding young maidens then running his kingdom.  Bartheon also enjoys a certain amount of pomp and circumstance so now the kingdom finds itself badly in debt.  The Hand of the King has recently died (under strange circumstances) so Bartheon travels to Winterfell to ask his best friend Eddard Stark to become his new Hand.<br /><br />Eddard (Ned) Stark is a man of honor.  He is married to Catelyn and they have several children together. Stark relunctly accepts Batheon's offer and becomes the new Hand of the King, but while he serves the King he discovers evidence of misgivings that could put the whole realm into a war.<br /><br />The novel is intense and rewarding and I quickly picked up the next two in the series.  I'll be honest I wanted to do this review using only \\"Stupid Ned Stark\\" memes from the internet.put the whole realm into a war.    The novel is intense and rewarding and I quickly picked up the next two in the series.  I'll be honest I wanted to do this review using only \\"Stupid Ned Stark\\" memes from the internet.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|This movie is great,Amy Dorrit, was ajusted to carrying for her Father in prison for years, And did not mind doing it.  Her Father the longest serving inmate,And last Amy to find Romance with Arthur who found his family intwined with the Dorrits.Great  love story
B000JMKQX0|5.0|I love to read but there are very few books that once I finish I want to start rereading immediately. World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War is a series of first person accounts that details the world's war against the zombies.  The novel interviews military personnel, survivors, and intelligence officers across the world as they recount the war.<br /><br />Max Brooks when discussing World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War mentioned that he purposely mirrored the book to look like the historical account of Studs Terkel's The Good War.  The interview style of the novel makes the novel truly come alive and it starts to feel a little too realistic, which is a hard task to do when the novel's major enemy is in fact the walking dead.<br /><br />Brooks mirrors some of his characters after actual individuals in Government and Entertainment today but without truly delving into the context clues some of them are hard to identify.<br />How would individual countries react to the zombie outbreak? This books examines this question. It also examines how you can fight an enemy that never physically tires or becomes psychologically weaker. It also takes a look at  how those who survive are currently handling their survivors guilt.  My favorite sections of the book were the parts that discussed how far some governments were willing to go to win the zombie war, even if it meant sacrificing  thousand and thousands of survivors to protect some of their military assets.  After reading novels in the zombie genre for the last few weeks I truly feel that Max Brook's War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War is truly one of the best novels in the genre.*<br /><br />*I'm categorizing The Walking Dead a graphic novel.
1401225756|2.0|I had a hard time getting through this graphic novel. I found the stories to be completely disjointed and character development to be almost nonexistent. I only gave it the second star for the hell scene which is great (and which is only about 20 pages of the book). I only continued on with the series because I had already purchased volumes 2, 3 and 4 for a graphic novel class.     I just started Vol. two last night and am almost done with it. It's fantastic! Volume 1 took me about 6 days to get through as I could only read a small portion of the book before getting bored. Volume two, I don't want to put down. I highly recommend that those unimpressed by Sandman Vol. 1 give the second volume a chance.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Out of all the checklist type aps that I've ever used, this one is the one I always return to. I always have my grocery list in my pocket w/this ap, and I don't have to write the shopping list twice. I just scroll through my list and touch the items that I ran out of. I have shopping lists by store, phone call reminders, to do lists, quotes, recipes, books and movies I want to read/see, misc. notes and special reminders that I can pin to the status bar of my phone or set an alarm. It's so simple that it takes only a few seconds to write a new list, and I never lose it.
1451629184|5.0|You are a true heroine, and your memoir is a great survival lesson for all living beings.  Predators and criminal out there, your secrets will be revealed to the public here after.      Sweet little Jaycee,     I just want to express my deepest gratitude for publishing the whole bitter truth about sex predators, and survival skills.  You not only survived but also brought up two wonderful daughters in the most horrifying circumstances.  Your imagination to maintain the sanity is unimaginable, your kindness and compassion is remarkable!  Thank you for being the pioneer in writing the bitter truth about sex predators, mind games, and all the appalling things an innocent victim face.  I hope this will be a wakeup call and an eye opener for the whole society.  At the same time, I was wondering about all the helpless victims of sex predators around the world who have no hope, family, justice system, therapy, compensation and any kind of love or relief at all.  I hope you will expand JAYC foundation internationally and help out many victims.  This book makes all of us realize how fortunate we are, become compassionate towards  the innocence, and fight against the unjust.  Conversely, it is alarming how lives will change within seconds for the worse.  It seems that it is just a matter of time for anyone.  I know sometimes the truth is bitter and hurts, but it was your reality.  People need to know that heinous things not only happen in mind wrenching horror movies, but in our own society.  This is a great lesson for predators who aren't willing to take responsibility for their twisted actions.  There will be more memoirs like this here after and the whole world will know predators sick secrets.  This is the reality of the current world, and even worse the reality for most innocent girls and women in countries where sex slavery and prostitution is legal and over looked.  Finally, I heard the following quote in one of the TV show while back, \\"It is difficult to die but it iseven harder to live and survive\\".  You are one of the living examples who laid every detail out there eloquently regardless of the limited educational background.    I hope you and your loving family will live happily ever after.  Please start your own TV show or continue writing.  Today's society needs constant encouragement from people like you!      For the predators out there, clean up your acts!  Society and justice system will even more vigilant than before.  For the two monsters and all predators out there, I hope you will experience every pain and suffering the innocent victims and families go through into 10000000000000000000000000 times more.    Love and Blessings!
0756404738|5.0|I loved this book (as I loved Name of the Wind) because of the depth of the story.  there is so much to infer from Kvothe's actions and motives that what is written/told is only half the story.  In NOTW, Kvothe is tough child that faces impossible situations and comes away seeming to be unfazed.  As things unfold in WMF, Kvothe starts to become a little darker, and little more concieted, and a lot less perfect.<br /><br />In the end, this is a story about stories, and about the stories floating in the world are hardly 100% truth.  There are so many half truths and exagerations that you begin to wonder if/what Kvothe is pumping up in his story to chronicler.<br /><br />I absolutely love Pat's work and will continue to recommend him to everyone I know, no matter what types of books they think they won't like.  He truly is a mastercraftsman and I can't wait for Book 3.
1577314808|5.0|The \\"Power of Now\\" is a great book for anyone looking to make spiritual changes in their own life.  It's a very easy read and there's so much information, I had no problem reading the book 4 times.
0345529057|5.0|Short review, I am a pretty slow reader, and I tend to dislike many fantasy books for the way, and language they're written in. However, these books are done very well, language is easy to understand and characters as well as the story, are interesting. About 4000 pages for $20 is almost nothing. Books look amazing and are the same size so it all looks neat.     If you want to read the books because of the show you are very welcome, show shows all important aspects of the books.    WINTER IS COMING.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|From Start to Finish. You just have to listen to this from \\"START\\" to \\"FINISH\\". Its flawless. If Ok Computer had Sex with Kid A, the child would be \\"In Rainbows\\".
0061726826|5.0|I've never reviewed a book and never planned to, but after reading this I had to find a way to encourage others not to pass up on this tale for as long as I did. The only thing I could think as I read the last line to this book was \\"beautiful\\", beautiful in every way, beautifully written & beautifully executed. I'm a 17 year old girl & I can admit that beautiful isn't usually the categorized word used to describe a book for someone my age lol maybe \\"awesome\\" or \\"cool\\", \\"amazing!\\" at best, but this was just simply beautiful. I honestly can't think of any other word that's fit to describe this story. I had been meaning to purchase this book for a while now, and figured I'd finally pick it up. I expected this to be just another book added to the collection of novels of dystopian societies created to ruin teen lives, but what I got was a novel full of love, sacrifice & passion, and two main characters who just wanted to live freely and happily without the suffocating walls of their current society. As soon as I read the first line I was pulled in, the story immediately began a rhythmic flow of smooth ups & downs making you a citizen within this rule bound social order -- where Romeo & Juliet is a cautionary tale, and love is considered a disgusting and possibly contagious infection-- who is privileged enough to witness the love between Alex & Lena, then leading up to the final climax. Before I knew it I was reading into the early morning hours to complete it. This novel is very inspiring in its own ways, and makes clear the promise of its repeated monumental phrase, \\"I Love You. Remember. They cannot take it.\\"
B004NSULHM|5.0|Bloom, Lotus Flower, Cotex, Give up the ghost, Separator are my favs. I also like Feral a lot. I like progression. What do you fans expect, another OK Computer? move on. I definitely like where they were heading just thought that it was too short of an album.
B0056BMK6K|5.0|I just wanted to give a shout out to this author- I don't personally know you, but I want to say, 'Love this book John, thanks for sharing.'    I have read tons of books that focus on the exact same thing , so I cannot honestly say I learned any new techniques for marketing your Kindle book, but I did learn common sense. The author approached the basic avenues for book marketing, such as Twitter and blogging, but he made me realize that in order to attract readers to your blogs, and turn them into customers, you must focus on quality, not quantity. I'll say no more...Read this book and it will all make sense.
B004WKOCP8|3.0|I hadn't been following news updates on this album, so I had absolutely no idea what to expect when I bought it.  I just knew it was Incubus, and that I generally love the music this band makes.<br /><br />Having said that, the lyrics are ultimately the real seller for me on this album.  There isn't a whole lot of variety in the rhythm/melody of these songs - in fact I didn't even realize that one song had ended and another began with about half of the songs.  I like what they did with Company of Wolves, melodically, as well as Switchblade - whatever it was, it made them memorable for me after a first run.  Adolescents, Promises & Switchblade, I think, have the right balance of melodic and lyrical creativity.  The rest of the songs, I think, could have used either some stronger drums and bass or some slightly more dynamic melodies to captivate listeners on a first run.  I'm on the third run through the album now, and I am appreciating and enjoying the subtle varieties among each individual song.<br /><br />The lyrics definitely carry the signature style of Incubus, but they seem, overall, a lot more straightforward.  Not so much wordplay and cultural allusions.  If you're looking for high-energy melodies paired with riddlesome(pretty sure that's not a word....but I'm leaving it anyway)lyrics, this album will disappoint.  Me, I like it - not enough to put it on exclusive repeat, but it will be in the daily playlist for a week minimum.<br /><br />On a different note...man, these \\"fans\\" who gave such condescending reviews - seriously, who are you to dictate how the group's growth should manifest itself?  Money doesn't give anyone that right.  Yeah, we've paid for this album and, on individual levels, have probably spent hundreds if not thousands of dollars over the years following this band, attending their concerts, buying their merch.  That doesn't obligate them to constantly regurgitate the same sound or the same message to appease you.  And if these reviews are accurate, and the band did advise well in advance that this album would be very different from their usual stuff, the only person you have to blame for your disappointment is yourself.<br /><br />Music's an extension of the people who make it, and people change with growth - that's an infallible fact of life.  Why it's so hard for people to accept AND respect that is beyond me.did advise well in advance that this album would be very different from their usual stuff, the only person you have to blame for your disappointment is yourself.      Music's an extension of the people who make it, and people change with growth - that's an infallible fact of life.  Why it's so hard for people to accept AND respect that is beyond me.
0441013597|2.0|Dune presents a sci-fi/fantasy spin on [[ASIN:0618107312 good]] [[ASIN:1153630451 old]] [[ASIN:1451562462 Victorian]] [[ASIN:039474067X Orientalism]]. The book valorizes the nomadic, tribal warrior culture of the Fremen, and deliberately places it in contrast to city life (the \\"pan and sink villages\\"), which is portrayed as drab and cowardly. The Fremen are totally invincible. They win effortlessly even against the Emperor's personal guard of selectively bred, highly trained interplanetary shock troops. Even against these outstanding opponents, the Fremen kill three enemies for each casualty of their own even if the numbers are against them.    But for all their amazing prowess, these mystical warriors can only achieve victory under the guidance of a properly educated foreigner. A sympathetic foreigner, to be sure, one who goes native to a large degree and diligently follows local customs, but a foreigner nonetheless, easily able to set aside his role as tribal leader when necessary and step back into the mantle of hereditary duke, feudal lord, and military governor. Paul Atreides is [[ASIN:B00006ADD5 Lawrence of Arabia]]. He marries a local woman and appears to integrate into the tribe, but in fact, his children are only one-quarter Fremen. The fierce nomads are praised so highly precisely because their society has already been marked for external control (in Dune, by the Bene Gesserit order).    Herbert does explore some of the burdens weighing on such a character. Buried inside Dune is a coming-of-age story about a boy who has to suddenly learn a harsh new culture, become a leader, and get accustomed to violence (most notably on p. 314 -- his speech at the eulogy is an effectively drawn moment of regret). Unfortunately, Herbert is a bit too enamoured with Paul, eventually idealizing him beyond good measure. Women throw themselves at him, even the widow of a man he just killed in a duel. He gains the ability to see the future, instantly becoming a flawless strategist. With his desert army, he effortlessly crushes his enemies. Even long before any of that happens, here's an early example. Paul is discussing politics with his father:    \\"'Whoever had stockpiled melange could make a killing,' Paul said. 'Others would be out in the cold.'  The Duke permitted himself a moment of grim satisfaction, looking at his son and thinking how penetrating, how truly educated that observation had been.'\\" (43)    This quote highlights several weaknesses of the book:    1. Herbert extensively uses internal monologue, perhaps thinking that it helps to bring out his characters' innermost thoughts and motives. Instead, however, he just bluntly and laboriously tells you exactly how you should interpret dialogue that was perfectly clear from the start. Paul's observation, above, is a complete banality. I even think it's only there as plot exposition. Yet, in the book, the word \\"educated\\" is actually italicized, just to make doubly clear that you should be impressed. This happens frequently. Here's another example that I found by flipping through the book at random: \\"She is brave, lovely, and, ah-h-h, so perceptive, Jessica thought. She'd have made a fine Bene Gesserit.\\" (440) Here's another one: \\"He's talking of single combat with Paul! Jessica thought.\\" (298)    2. Exposition is handled awkwardly and overloads dialogue, right from the get-go: \\"'I hold at your neck the gom jabbar,' she said. 'The gom jabbar, the high-handed enemy. It's a needle with a drop of poison on its tip. Ah-ah! Don't pull away or you'll feel that poison.'\\" (8) The book's villain introduces himself via the line, \\"Is it not a magnificent thing that I, the Baron Vladimir Harkonnen, do?\\" (14) In this scene, he is talking to his closest associates, who presumably know his name.    3. Obvious or mundane statements are presented as wise revelations. \\"'She asked me to tell her what it is to rule,' Paul said. 'And I said that one commands. And she said I had some unlearning to do.'\\"(31) These statements are often inelegantly expressed. On the next page: \\"A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.\\" (32) Every chapter opens with a quote from a fictitious literary work praising Paul. Even the glossary in the appendix can't resist the temptation. The term \\"Kull wahad\\" is explained to mean \\"I am profoundly stirred,\\" with the note, \\"It is said of Muad'Dib that once he watched a desert hawk chick emerge from its shell and whispered: 'Kull wahad!'\\" (522) The affected high-poetic tone (\\"it is said of,\\" \\"once he watched\\"), the incongruity between the meaningless statement and the sycophantic gravitas slathered on top of it, start to seem unintentionally funny.    Speaking of \\"Kull wahad,\\" Herbert's invented language is clunky, and adds to the needless exposition, since Herbert has to explain what someone said right after they said it: \\"'It's the amtal rule,' Stilgar said. 'Jamis is demanding the right to test your part in the legend.'\\" (298) The actual invented words appear to have been scavenged from real-world cultures and languages with no particular system or guiding principle. On p. 309, Herbert translates a Slavic word for \\"roots\\" (adapted to his Fremen language) as \\"roots,\\" but then translates another word meaning \\"grass\\" as \\"ashes.\\" Other words such as \\"shari-a,\\" \\"shaitan,\\" \\"fedaykin,\\" \\"bourka,\\" or \\"kindjal,\\" are derived from Middle Eastern culture. The Fremen words in Chani's eulogy on p. 315 appear to have been lifted directly from ch. 14 of [[ASIN:1144648742 Gypsy Sorcery And Fortune Telling]], written in 1891 by Charles Leland.    Dune has lyrical moments, intricate political schemes, and occasionally intense expressions of loyalty or honour-bound duty. Unfortunately, getting to those good parts is a slog through a lot of narrative and rhetorical mis-steps. If you do get through it, what you're left with is a story about a colonial viceroy who used his influence on a tribal culture to solve his political problems. Good for him, but then you're expected to react with admiration and awe. That's a bit much.
B004FRY9BU|1.0|WARNING:  The digital copy for this movie has expired.  If you want the DVD and Blu-ray, get another set, not this one!
0545259088|3.0|Sam and Grace's love has been tested time and time again. Now in Forever, they face the biggest challenge of all. With their roles reversed, and Grace now the wolf, Sam is utterly devastated. Not only do they have lost time to worry about, but also the huge threat of annihilation hangs over their heads as a hunt to destroy every last wolf looms in the near future. They have the fight of their lives ahead of them and they will have to rely on their very unstable friends, Cole and Isabel to have any chance. With two very different paths and hard choices they all must make, this is the turning point with one slight nudge either way being their salvation, or their doom.<br /><br />Forever was breathtaking, it was beautiful, or rather I should say that it felt like it should have been those things. While I had the impression of beauty, what I mostly felt was a sense of lacking. The entire time I was reading it, I felt like I was on the precipice of something wonderful, yet it never once took that step over the edge. The entire time I was reading Forever, I kept asking \\"Where is the great love story that we saw in Shiver?\\" In Shiver, the love between Sam and Grace was so enriching and heartfelt, you just knew that they were absolutely perfect together. Flash forward to Forever, and you have a sense that love is still. Yet this time around I felt I was being told about their love rather than feeling it deeply as I did in Shiver. I felt being told rather than shown lessened the impact of their love and the overall story. In fact it seemed they were so cautious around each other as if they were walking on egg shells at times, and I just couldn't grasp why. Perhaps it was the severe role reversal that made them not so sure of themselves anymore and that translated over to their relationship as well.<br /><br />The true shining stars of Forever were Cole and Isabel. They both could be described as nothing less than severely damaged, each for very different reasons. At many points throughout the series it felt as if both of them were well past the point of no return, yet in the next moment something would happen that gave a glimmer of hope. In Forever, their growth is exponential, yet very realistic as severe damage cannot heal over night. I highly doubt either of them will ever truly be \\"right\\", but at least they seem to finally be on the right path. As far as them together, well I'm not really sure what they really are, but I do know that there is something very real there under it all. A memorable quote between them would be Isabel saying \\"You're an addiction,\\" and his response being \\"You should know.\\" This really summed them up, showing not only the depth between them, but also the innate dysfunction they both have. Perhaps this is an even better example:<br /><br />  \\"Cole kissed me.. It was the sort of kiss that would take a long time to recover from. You could take each of our kisses, from the very first moment we'd met and put them on a slide in a microscope, and I was pretty sure what you'd find. Even an expert would see nothing on the first one, and then on the next one, the start of something - mostly outnumbered, easily destroyed - and then more and more until finally this one, something that even the untrained eye could spot. Evidence that we'd probably never be cured of each other, but we might be able to keep it from killing us.\\"<br /><br />I think this more than anything shows the utter rawness of the two, making them the complete opposite of Sam and Grace, yet somehow still as powerful of an impact in the end.<br /><br />That ending, if you can really call it a true ending, just left me rather unsatisfied. Now don't get me wrong, I enjoy a slightly open ending that hints at possibilities for the future. Forever just felt like it was rushed and randomly cut off with no real clear path set ahead. I prefer at least some sort of satisfaction and a sense of completeness and unfortunately Forever fell completely flat in that department. I've heard many people say that Shiver should have been a stand alone novel, and I can't help but agree with them to an extent. I do think that I would have missed the growth we saw in Cole and Isabel, both as individuals and as a potential couple. Yet again, I was left with some frustration in the lack of concreteness in their future. So in the end, I can't say I regret sticking through this series and reading past Shiver, but I am little glad that I borrowed Forever from the library rather than purchasing it. However, none of this means I have lost my faith in Maggie Stiefvater's ability to craft a truly beautiful love story and I will still be on the lookout for future novels.that Shiver should have been a stand alone novel, and I can't help but agree with them to an extent. I do think that I would have missed the growth we saw in Cole and Isabel, both as individuals and as a potential couple. Yet again, I was left with some frustration in the lack of concreteness in their future. So in the end, I can't say I regret sticking through this series and reading past Shiver, but I am little glad that I borrowed Forever from the library rather than purchasing it. However, none of this means I have lost my faith in Maggie Stiefvater's ability to craft a truly beautiful love story and I will still be on the lookout for future novels.
B004WKOCP8|2.0|This CD is there worst by FAR!!! A lot of these comments are right almost every song is straight vocals I don't even think there is a guitar on some tracks.  I mean when its 5 years since your last CD I expected more than this WOW!!!!
1400076943|5.0|Purple Hibiscus has been my friend for the past two weeks. I found this author has a wonderful talent with the written word. I felt love, horror, terror, and empathy for all the characters of the story. They were well planned out and \\"deep\\" people I felt were my friends. I loved Kambili and wish she were my daughter. I am a Catholic and I feel her pain, literal pain.  I cried at the fathers abuse. I only hope the next book will be as rich and wonderfully written!
B004UID2LC|2.0|i like how you can download your favorite youtube vids, but i've noticed that a screen shot of the video that you last played shows up in between opening and closing other apps. is there a reason for that? am i not fully closing the application and that's why that happens?    i also was not able to use my rock player app to watch other videos loaded onto my sd card. the screen went black but i could hear the audio. i end up having to restart and/or turn off my phone for it to go back to normal.
0440419514|5.0|This is the series that sold me on Philip Pullman's writing! He he easy to read, clear, concise, and just generally a very talented writer. Pullman created a masterpiece in this trilogy that covers fantasy, politics, religion, and can be seen also as a social commentary on the corruption from those who hold the power in society. This trilogy may be found in the youth section of many bookstores, but it is anything but juvenile! In fact it is my opinion that it will be enjoyed even more as a person becomes older and has more life experience that allows them to relate on multiple levels to the characters. it is not evil, demonic, or a sin to read, but it does not favor putting the church in a positive light either. It is simply a story that is soaked in complexities and makes it an irresistible treat for anybody who can have an open mind about science, society, politics, religion, the soul, and of course armored bears LOL. BTW I love love love the witches and gypsies in this story.
0894803123|5.0|First off, as B &J say, there's no such thing as a bad batch of ice cream.    Having said that, there are an awful lot of SUPERDUPER batches of ice cream waiting for you in this book.  In addition to explaining some good-to-know ice cream basics and some interesting B & J facts and secrets,  this book has everything you will ever need to create an endless stream of children and adults carrying spoons and bowls to your front door.  Seriously, if you have ever made anything more complicated than a bowl of Cheerios, you can make every ice cream in this book.  As a bonus, you get their brownie and chocolate chip cookie recipes (cookie dough, anyone?) and a bunch of other fun stuff.     If you have an ice cream maker and you don't have this book, what are you waiting for?!?    If you love ice cream, but you don't have this book AND an ice cream maker, please let me help you.  Buy this book and consider either or both:[[ASIN:B003K7OSRQ Hamilton Beach Half Pint Soft Serve Ice Cream Maker, Pistachio]]  (see my review)  AND / OR  [[ASIN:B004T4LVZQ Cuisinart Frozen Dessert Maker (RED) - Frozen Yogurt, Ice-Cream & Sourbet]] (I have this also and use it for bigger batches)    Buy this book.  Make some smiles.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|the new summer picnic levels will not load on my phone or ipad. rovio is killing there respected name. fix it please.
B003EYVXTG|5.0|I remember the Saturday Night Live when Wayne (played by Mike Myers) and Garth projected their best picture as \\"The Winter's Bone\\" and then said \\"This film has not yet been seen.\\" But this film is a story about a 17 year old girl Ree Dolly in the Ozarks in Missouri played by Oscar nominee Jennifer Lawrence who is really leads her family including younger brother Sonny and sister Ashlee. Her mother doesn't speak and suffers from mental illness where it leaves Ree on her own. When the Sherriff (played by Raising Hope's Garret Dillahunt) stops by looking for her father, he informs Ree that they could lose the property if he doesn't show up in court because he's on bond. Ree sets out to find him.    In her journey in the Ozark winters, you see her determination to save her family and land. There is something that we don't see in films and that is poverty, drug addiction, and rural America. Ree wants a better life for her family and herself. She considers enlisting in the army in order to get money but learns it may not be her best choice. She is surrounded by tough-talking men and women with regards to her father's whereabouts. One of them is Dale Dickey who plays \\"Merab Milton.\\" She might be a newcomer to the acting world but she shines here reminding you of Melissa Leo in some ways. Most of the cast appear to all be newcomers except for Sheryl Lee (Twin Peaks) who has a small role here. Jennifer Lawrence has a bright future in acting if she can deliver an Academy Award nominated performance in a small budget film.    The DVD will show a 45 minutes behind the making of the film and the support from the locals in Forsyth, Tane and Christian Counties in Missouri. In one of the film's deleted scenes, Ree spends time in the cave where she reflects on her past relationship with her father. There is some folk music sung in the film. Anyway, I enjoyed this movie and I think you will too by the acting, the scenery, and seeing life in the Ozarks. I know that Jennifer Lawrence is going far and I hope the same for Dale Dickey who played Merab.
B004Y1USV2|4.0|Like sands in the progressive rock hourglass, these are \\"The Days Of Our Yes\\"....    You'll remember last time on \\"The Days Of Our Yes\\", it was 2008, and the prog-rock soap opera known as Yes had just had a line-up change AGAIN, though this latest line-up change has really, and I mean *really* rubbed some of the band's fanbase the wrong way. It was bad enough to lose everybody's favorite Yes keyboardist Rick Wakeman (AGAIN), who left (AGAIN) to pursue other music projects, but not only that, highly-worshipped lead singer Jon Anderson was forced to bow out of the band's planned 40th anniversary tour due to poor health. Did the rest of the band do the decent thing and wait for Jon to get better? Nope. Determined to tour and move on, they replaced him with a younger singer named Benoit David from the Yes tribute band Close To The Edge, and on they went (first with keyboardist Oliver Wakeman, son of Rick, and now with \\"Drama\\" keyboardist Geoff Downes returning behind the keys once more). And now, after 10 long years, Yes have a brand-new studio album, \\"Fly From Here\\", with former \\"Drama\\" singer Trevor Horn reeled back in as producer (and look, serendipity, we've got the Buggles in Yes again!). Yup, it's the \\"Drama\\" thing happening all over again. Some fans have been very supportive of the new Yes line-up, while other fans have deserted amidst cries of \\"No Jon, no Yes!\\". Which brings us to the new album itself....    I'll cut to the chase: if you like \\"Drama\\" (a.k.a. you're open to a Jon Anderson-less Yes), then you'll like \\"Fly From Here\\" just fine. If you *don't* like \\"Drama\\" (you know, the \\"No Jon, no Yes!\\" mentality rearing it's head in you), then skip \\"Fly From Here\\". It's that simple really. I could probably end my review right there, but I'll go on a little bit more....    Considering that this is practically the return of the \\"Drama\\" Yes line-up, it's no surprise that \\"Fly From Here\\" could easily be renamed \\"Son Of Drama\\". It sounds pretty similar to that earlier1980 album---how can it not? However, in my opinion, this is not at all a bad thing, 'cause I like \\"Drama\\" very much, always have. With all due love & respect to the great Jon Anderson, Yes are not The Jon Anderson Band. Yes are Yes. Even though there's no disputing that Anderson has made the far-greatest impression as lead singer for this band, I enjoyed Trevor Horn's vocal contributions on \\"Drama\\", and now, I like Benoit David's vocals on \\"Fly From Here\\". David actually sounds more like Horn than Anderson, but that's fine. I think he does an excellent job at the microphone (ah, but will he get to sing on another Yes album, or will he be a one-off like Horn was? Only time will tell). As for the Yes veterans, despite being in their 60's now, bassist Chris Squire, guitarist Steve Howe, drummer Alan White and returning keyboardist Geoff Downes all deliver the goods here and they still have wonderful musical chemistry. The songs are excellent---the epic title suite simply glows from start to finish, with great interplay from everyone. \\"The Man You Always Wanted Me To Be\\", with Squire on vocals, is the most \\"poppy\\" song on the album, but it's very catchy and heartfelt, and works quite well. \\"Life On A Film Set\\" is a powerful number, and \\"Hour Of Need\\" is wonderfully upbeat. Steve Howe's solo guitar piece \\"Solitaire\\" is a gem, and the finale, \\"Into The Storm\\", is a great, breezy rocker. And for the icing on the cake, Trevor Horn's production on the album simply sparkles.     The only thing that makes me deduct a star from my rating of \\"Fly From Here\\" is the overall sense I get that the album falls *just short* of masterpiece status, as it sounds like \\"Son Of Drama\\". Still, this is a very, very solid, excellent Yes album nonetheless, and I, for one, am willing to give this latest incarnation of Yes a chance. It's quite obvious that \\"Fly From Here\\", like \\"Drama\\" before it, ain't gonna satisfy every single Yes fan. Then again, the Yes fanbase has been heavily divided on every single album Yes have released since 1974's \\"Tales From Topographic Oceans\\", haven't they? (1972's \\"Close To The Edge\\" seems to be the last Yes album that *everybody* likes.) Yes will forever be a controversial band I suppose, but give these guys some credit---they DO have some great music all throughout their catalog, and not just on their first five albums, pre-\\"Topographic\\"! And \\"Fly From Here\\" contains more great music from this prog-rock warhorse, and I'm happy with it. Despite the controversy that follows them around no matter *what* they do, Yes rock on with \\"Fly From Here\\". And I'm glad.
B00009NQQO|5.0|Lots of fun.  Our Toddler loves this...we even use it in the kitchen, attached to the fridge or cabinet door.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Only really bad thing about this game is not enough of it.   When do we get Zen garden and all the other mini games for Android?  If Popcap is simply porting the Apple version, then port the update already!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|The million dollar question:Is Deckard a replicant? An even better question: Out of all the characters in the entire movie who's not a replicant? Blade Runner. The movie. The myth. The Legend. This film was directed by Ridley Scott. Volumes have been written detailing the amount of work and effort poured into making this film. The set, the screenplay, the acting, and the soundtrack. The effort is clear and evident in every frame. This is science fiction masterclass. At the core it accomplishes the true purpose of science fiction: to inspire contemplation of the future. It is futuristic, enlightening, terrifying, and ultra violent. Blade Runner has the look and feel of science fiction films that came out during this time period. This one really set the standard high and reveals once and ultimately for all that modern computerized CGI is no match for raw imagination, meticulous attention to detail, and genius set design. Blade Runner presents a futuristic vision of what urban sprawl may be like in the near future. Everything is very cramped and processed including the human beings or replicants. The plot is pretty simple and straight forward. The story is about an officer of the law (blade runner) that is in charge of hunting and eliminating a group of rouge androids in a futuristic Los Angels. The androids have evolved and started thinking for themselves. The lead android is played with ferocity by Rutger Hauer. The role of Deckard is also one of Harrison Ford strongest signature lead roles in league with Indiana Jones and Han Solo. Other notable roles are played by: Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, Daryl Hannah, William Sanderson, and Joe Turkel. The soundtrack to film was created by Vangelis and is equally as visionary and an amazing triumph on its own. Many forces came together to make this film possible. Above all else this film succeeds because of the source material the screenplay was drawn from. Blade Runner is loosely based on the novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. In connection to Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep the movie Blade Runner presents concepts concerning creation and the very evolution of the human mind. This is a timeless concept presented beautifully in this film.ectric Sheep? by Philip K. Dick. In connection to Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep the movie Blade Runner presents concepts concerning creation and the very evolution of the human mind. This is a timeless concept presented beautifully in this film.
B004WKOCP8|5.0|give it a chance, there are many excelent tracks that will sureley grow on you if you are willing to not judge it so harshly after just 2 release days. yes its not the same as earlier material and yes there is less hard charging by the seat of their pants incubus we all love but brandons voice is so exceptional coupled with an outstanding group of musicians.. this is the creative value of the band that we all love so much, this cd will grow on you. there are several tracts that remind me of the earlier incubus Its a sort of evolution far away from morning view. im very pleased to know that they are back together and i will get to see them live again. Im sure they will play all the songs we love plus a few from this cd. I am a hard rock junkie and this cd is really growing on me in a very short time, i just love brandons voice.  so give it a chance.     TO INCUBUS: Im very glad you guys are back together, im proud of you guys, the cd is excellent! you boys keep up the great work..
0312330537|4.0|...to be honest, it wasn't the story line or the nearly impossible number of plots and subplots or the super human persona of Lin that made this such a good read for me.  It was the wonderful description of the Indian poor....their eternal optimism, their humor, their happiness, their ability to maintain their dignity in spite of overwhelming poverty and unclean living conditions, their love of family and each other and their unity in times of crisis.  The unfortunate stereotypes I am ashamed to admit I somewhat accepted have been banished and replaced with an overwhelming respect for the people of India. True story or not, the impact on me was profound.  Thank you, Gregory David Roberts.
1451629184|5.0|I can't say that i \\"enjoyed\\" this book. It's hard to enjoy reading details of a child being kidnapped and raped. I had to put it down and breathe occasionally. Anyone with children can understand this, but i felt compelled to keep reading. I kept telling myself if Jaycee had to live through this I can at least spend a few hours reading it...and I am glad I did. The end suprisingly leaves you feeling hopeful. Jaycee does an excellent job letting you inside her thoughts and feelings. I felt like I got to know her and love her, which makes the story even more heartbreaking.   It was disturbing to see somewhat into the life of a child molester, rapist, all around jackass, and his equally disgusting wife. It reminded me of Elizabeth Smart's ordeal with her captors and how disturbing it is to know a married couple could do this to a small child. Deranged, indeed.   The most suprising thing about this book, however, was the \\"spirit\\" and \\"soul\\" of Jaycee Dugard. I admire and honor her. She has more to complain about than anyone I know, and yet she is grateful for her life and feels blessed. I have been blessed by reading her book. I wish Jaycee Dugard peace and happiness for the rest of her life. I hope she gets the house on the beach she dreamed about with all the animals she can handle and finds the \\"true\\" love she was searching for.   This book is definately worth reading.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|I beat the game in a couple of days, not even playing heavily - I can't because I work 10+ hours every day.  The game only has 5 levels with 3 boards each.  Otherwise, one of the better games available for android.
B000J10EQU|5.0|Who is the Man of Steel? This is an interesting take on the Superman series. Due to the classic nature of the first couple Superman films there was high expectations set for Superman Returns. An important note about this installment is that it is actually the fifth and final installment in the original Superman film series and serves as a sequel to Superman and Superman II. This film ignores the events of Superman III and Superman IV: The Quest for Peace. The basic premise is that Superman (Brandon Routh)  was gone for 5 years of soul searching and now he is back. At the same time the evil mastermind Lex Luthor (Kevin Spacey) is also back and plotting to take over the entire world. All the rest of the key characters are here as well and the film actually makes a successful transition from the original second installment of the series. Overall it is a great action packed return to form for the Man of Steel. A new character is also introduced in Superman Returns. As you watch the film you will find out who it this individual is and you may find the connection quite interesting.
B003XF1OK4|5.0|I read The Hours a few years ago, but it still haunts me.<br /><br />Cunningham uses three threads of story, three women characters to weave this story. He also moves in and out of past and present--even touching on the future. The writing is exquisite, verging on poetic. If you enjoy a novel that's well written, thought provoking, and out of the ordinary, then you'll probably enjoy The Hours.
B0050CQY1W|5.0|This is by far the one Beyonce CD that I listen to over and over from top to bottom.  I know that there are skeptics in relation to this new music from B but I know that personally I can't stop listening to it.  All of the songs are wonderful in their own way.  I must agree though that - Run the world - kind of not feels like it should be on this cd. Some of the songs give me an old school kind of feel.       Just give this cd a try, get to know it and enjoy it.
B0052VUNHC|2.0|Dysfunction and drama are the pervasive themes. I didn't understand the characters or the motivation behind their actions. Too over the top.
0307387178|5.0|Wow,  I can not stop reading books by this Author.  He is so accurate and has so much experiences of his own to contribute to books.  I am really impressed.  This book actually started by whole adventure reading and I subsribed to Outside magazine which helps me plan trips and see vacations as not just a bar/beach location but as staying active and exploring what places have to offer.
B004H1V5RU|2.0|We purchased the original perplexus maze for my son, and he loved it, I loved it.  We thought this would be a nice step up for a challange.  While the maze challanges are very well designed, the construction quality is very lacking.  The outside shell is noticably thinner than the original.  We purchased the maze three months ago, and some of the challanges/obsticles are now falling apart.  I would recommend this if you are an adult and will handle with the utmost care, but if this is intended for anyone who may accidentally let it roll off of the chair, I would save your money.
B00003CWPL|5.0|Where does your imagination come from? Eraserhead is David Lynch's first and arguably best film.  Eraserhead is an honest cult/midnight film in every way.  The integrity and vision of this film is so strong that's its influence still grows today. Watch this film today, watch this film in 5 years, and watch this film in 20 years. Every time you do one thing will be guaranteed: you will be amazed.
B004S699LI|5.0|I'm not big on zombie, vampire or horror movies, however I am a big Quentin Tarantino fan.  Plenty of violence and some gun play - always a plus!
B002MQYOFW|3.0|(I address all three books in the trilogy, because I doubt anybody will stop after this first book.)    First two books draw you into a constant fight for survival, with intriguing dynamics of personal relations: enemies, allies, friends. This dynamics is what I liked most in the book, I think the author did a great job making you feel it and empathize. The adventure is engaging when reading, although somewhat falls apart in retrospective (the author leaves loose ends and does not really connect some events or show their consequences, even for important ones).     The last books is different. Major action happens in the background, and you do not really see it, just learn the brief news. Most of the time you are tracking conditions of mental hospital patients, going back and forth in their madness. And their conditions do not really feel only violence-induced, they are heavily intermingled with psychological complexes from ordinary life, hurt feelings, hurt consciousness. There are a few episodes of really engaging action, but they fall apart and fail to connect into a coherent picture even more than in the first two books. It seems the author is piling up events just to put her heroes through something, and then let them analyze this.    General impression: I enjoyed the book while reading, but it feels very incoherent and somewhat disappointing after I finished it. The story falls apart and is so unconvincing, that it fails to lead you into retrospective thinking, like most good books do. I did like the friend-enemy dynamics.
B003O86FMW|5.0|God, I am loving this series! Behind the Harry Potter books, I think that Collins's Hunger Games books are quite possibly my favorite series. She just weaves a perfect story.
0439023491|4.0|\\"Catching Fire, by Suzanne Collins, has been called many things. It's been called a bad sequel by some, an excellent addition to the \\"Hunger Games\\" trilogy by others. What do I think? I'm somewhere in between.<br />Lets get one thing straight. This book is nowhere as good as the first, which was flat out amazing. It's not even as good as 'Mockingjay' the trilogy's finale. Is it still good? Well...yes. It's a necessary component to the story, a weak stone on a bridge, but a keystone all the same. There is no Mockingjay without a Catching Fire, and for that reason alone it's worth reading.
B0054SMIH6|5.0|I loved the Mickey Haller series by Michael Connelly and was really excited when the movie adaptation of this one was announced.    I was really pleased with the way the movie turned out. While certain elements and events were left out due to time constraints, as with any film, it held very close to the original story line.    I would recommend this to anyone looking for a solid crime fiction story.
B004Y1USV2|5.0|Plain & simple , this new cd is fantastic!!! I feel that if YES is continue for the next few years , then this is the line-up & direction they need to go with. The music on this new cd is very fresh and has a great up beat tempo to it. The band has done a great job. I hope in 2-3 years there will be a follow up cd.
B004WOJ9E8|5.0|Symphony X again demonstrate their formidable musical metal genius with this release. In a world of musical mediocrity this band is a breath of fresh conceptual, compositional and technical air.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|It's a good-to-read fairy tale, but too naive to be convincing.     It was interesting to follow character developments. Except when it turned exclusively into scrambling in the mental problems again and again. Especially in this last book it became very difficult to follow.     What was bugging me in particular through all three books, is how brutal dictatorship is so easily combined with a tremendous freedom of speech. They show live TV footage and interviews!!! They allow to use their own channels to show adversary propaganda (instead of just switching everything off immediately, which they can). This is something no real dictatorship ever does. Check the Soviet Union -- even though it was much less brutal to most of its citizens, there was no such nonsense as live TV programs, everything was recorded and edited and censored.     So the author shows how to defeat a powerful dictatorship by being brave in the cameras.   Would be great if it had any relation to the real world.    Another thing which looks a gross simplification to me, is the message that ordinary people are good, it's the bad leaders who make whole country's life miserable. Just kill the bad leaders with your arrow, and everything will be good.   Best known counter-example is WWII, where a lot of people eagerly took excuse given by Hitler to murder their neighbors. Or Californians eagerly getting rid of their neighbors of Japanese origin.    == some spoiler content follows ==        Regarding the story flow, it was mostly fine, but spotted with loose ends. First book: they destroy food supply of the Careers, but what effect did it have....? The raid to kill Snow... Effect of her \\"MockingJay\\" performances -- stated, but not really felt, thus remaining abstract.   \\"The Hanging Tree\\" story looked as a raw draft forgotten in the book, with very long but still confusing explanations (I would just leave the poetry, explanations only killed all the charm).
B000NU2CY4|5.0|One of the best movies of all time presented in the best format.  Hopefully Amazon has weaned out all of those substandard copies that everyone is afraid that they are going to get.  Unfortunately after reading many reviews and reading so many definite and indefinite opinions about what to look for and what not to look for I was a little hesitant in ordering it.  Fortunately, however, the blue ray is excellent.  No disappointment whatsoever.
B00428LIXO|1.0|its too heavy and hard....my baby likes the colors...but she gets mad cuz its really hard for her to hear the silly sounds and then she ends up hurting her self.....dont get it
0525422943|5.0|I wanted this book so bad when it came out that when I got it I wanted to devour it. Well, 1/2 way through the book I misplaced it. yes. Very sad. I finally found it. In the back of my car in my old book bag. So I was very happy, and after I finished a couple books I finished this one! I loved it. I loved that Gayle chose to do this book from Adam's point of view. It was hard to see the things that he was going through. And him not being with Mia. That broke my heart. He was trying to do everything to fill the void. But nothing was working. Then he found her. She was doing a recital. Then everything changed, forever.<br />This was a very heart felt book. Near the end I felt myself very emotionally wrapped up in Adam & Mia's story. Life. Love. Everything. It was very moving. Heartfelt. I loved it. I shed a few tears. Happy tears of course. If you have not read this book you really need to! Very worth your time.
B004P9FAK2|2.0|After the extended cuts presented in volumes 1 and 2 of the ultimate edition releases (which are indeed the only reasons I began collecting the ultimate editions), volumes three to six are incredibly disappointing. If you do not own the films, or do not own them on blu-ray, the ultimate editions may be worth purchasing and for this I am giving it an extra star beyond the first. However, the precedent set in the first 2 releases leaves this one so incredibly disappointing that I feel I was cheated out of my money when I ordered volumes 3-6 to watch before the DH2 premiere.
B004XISI4A|3.0|Well, it's out, much to the relief of many fans around the world. The big question is whether or not it was worth the wait. The answer, sadly, is \\"maybe\\".<br /><br />Thankfully, George R.R. Martin continues to write in an entertaining and effective manner. The book retained my interest throughout, and there are a lot of books these days that don't.<br /><br />Unfortunately, what the book fails to do is advance the plot of the series in anything resembling a timely matter. Do big events occur? A couple, very late in the book, but most of the book deals with characters waiting, and waiting, and waiting some more. Or travelling towards a destination that they just can't reach. Tyrion remains the luckiest character in the series - as well as the most entertaining - for any other character would likely be dead if he'd gone through everything the dwarf went through.<br /><br />The book also advances - if you'd call it that - the ongoing story of the dragon queen, Dany. Much of the book concerns her thrashing around and making bad decisions, whilst other relatively major characters try to meet her, and mostly fail to do so. As an exercise in the continued frustration of the goals of the characters, this book really comes up trumps.<br /><br />If I were to compare this book and Feast of Crows to anything it would be Robert Jordan's \\"Crossroads of Twilight\\", where he attempted something different, and then realised it was a mistake. Unfortunately, it is much more of a structural flaw with the Song of Ice and Fire books that I can't see Martin getting out of easily: Too many POVs, not enough advancement of the story. And given that it's taken 10 years to write what is, in essence, one big book which doesn't do enough, my hopes of a speedy resolution to the series are fading.<br /><br />This is not to say that nothing happens: Jon Snow gets to build up the Night Watch and the wildlings, Dany gets some dragon time, and Stannis gets caught in a blizzard. (Oh, wait, that last isnothing happening...) Melisandre also becomes a lot more fallible and a lot more human. If you believe that she's interpreted any of her prophecies correctly by the end of the book, you're a kinder person than me.<br /><br />Originally, Martin intended the fourth book of the series to take place five years after the third. He changed his plans and ended up writing two books (A Feast of Crows and this book) to bridge the gap. We might have gotten one year out of the two books, I doubt any more. So, what next for the series?<br /><br />George R.R. Martin can still write well, but the pace will need to pick up greatly in the next two books to return the Song of Ice and Fire to the heights it once aspired to.
B004SCN2F6|4.0|Pretty good time killer, well worth the money! The game can be pretty addictive and works well on my droid x.
0316098329|5.0|No problems at all, book is in great condition.  And it is an awesome read - absolutely could not put it down....
0399230033|4.0|My not-quite-two-year-old loves this book but likes to skip about half of the pages.  Most of the pages don't have any words, and the ones that do, have very short sentences such as \\"Goodnight, Gorilla.\\"  Putting sound affects to some of the pages and talking about what's happening in the other pages makes this fun.    Little One likes to read it over and over, so that makes the book a winner.
B003EYVY0E|2.0|After the extended cuts presented in volumes 1 and 2 of the ultimate edition releases (which are indeed the only reasons I began collecting the ultimate editions), volumes three to six are incredibly disappointing. If you do not own the films, or do not own them on blu-ray, the ultimate editions may be worth purchasing and for this I am giving it an extra star beyond the first. However, the precedent set in the first 2 releases leaves this one so incredibly disappointing that I feel I was cheated out of my money when I ordered volumes 3-6 to watch before the DH2 premiere.
B000KIPT30|5.0|This is the best solution for a TV without a headphone jack. Most TV's come with no headphone jack. For many years I used an old computer's speakers with a headphone jack to circumvent this. I had to use both speakers even though only one of them had a headphone jack. The Behringer HA400 has several advantages over the computer speakers: It is much smaller in size, has fewer wires to deal with and also has a much smaller transformer to plug into the wall. In addition, the Behringer  has four outputs, so up to four people can use a headphone, each with their own volume control. Only advantage of the computer speakers is they were free. I just saved them from a computer I threw away long ago.    As far as sound quality, I can't say there is any difference between my old computer speakers and the Behringer HA400. Both are very satisfactory to me.  After trying one, I am buying another one for each TV in the house.     If anyone knows a better solution for a TV without a headphone jack, please let me know!... please!...
1594744769|5.0|I lost some sleep over this book because I was unable to put it down and go to bed! I have never read science fiction or adventure (I haven't even read Harry Potter), but I am hoping this is the start of a series. That would be my only complaint; the author left us feeling as though there was another adventure coming, but I cannot find information as to when the next book, if there is a next book, will be published. Underneath all the adventure and action of this book was the heartwarming idea that there was a place of unconditional acceptance for children that did not fit in to society's \\"norm\\".
1451629184|5.0|First, I must say that I don't normally read books like this.  I'm more of the \\"happy-go-lucky\\" fiction type.  However, after seeing Jaycee on Diane Sawyer, I felt overwhelmingly compelled to read it.  She was such a poised, beautiful soul and I felt that I needed...we ALL needed...to hear her story and she deserved to have her story heard.  There are many lessons that can be taken away from it, above all, being that we must all act as a community, and if you see something strange - whether in your neighborhood, at the grocery store, at work - you must speak up!  I think the most difficult part of the book for me was the epic failure of law enforcement, and how parole officers made something like 60 visits to the house and never searched the backyard compound, never checked Phillip Garrido's tracking device, never pressed the issue even when a decent neighbor finally reported seeing children in the backyard.  It's frightening, disturbing and I can only pray that Jaycee speaking out about her heartbreaking 18 year ordeal will prevent something like that ever happening again.      I found Jaycee to be a wonderful, insightful, poignant writer, and her raw account of what happened (especially in the early years) will break your heart.  It's not an easy read, by any stretch, especially when she recalls in detail the unspeakable things done to her.  In the book, Jaycee mentions at one point having always wanted to become a writer, and I hope she is able to pursue that dream.  When she is younger, she talks a lot about stories she makes up in her head to cope, and they are wonderfully whimsical and bittersweet.      I was \\"relieved\\" (if you can even use that word) in some ways when I learned that the sexual abuse came to an end after the birth of her second daughter.  However, the mental, emotional and verbal abuse was ever present in her 18 years living under Phillip Garrido's thumb.  Many people don't understand why, given many opportunities, she didn't take her childrenand run.  You have to read the book the fully understand the dynamics between Jaycee and her abductors.  She had come to rely on them completely for everything and Phillip was a master at control.  All I can say is, you cannot judge this woman for the choices she made.  Yes, you, right now, in your adult life, can claim that you would have run, scream, tried to fight, run the minute they took you out of the house, but as an eleven year-old child - having been mentally, emotionally and physically abused for years AND you have two children to protect - you cannot fathom the things you would do to cope.      I would highly recommend this book, even though it is a tough read.  There are so many lesson to be learned and so much appreciation to be had for our families and our freedom.  And I pray that Jaycee is able to create a beautiful life for herself.  She, above anyone else, deserves it.
B004SBQAN8|2.0|So I read the really funny review with a similar title and thought I would give this movie a go. I'm a total sucker for any kind of fantasy, scifi or fairytale, provided that it's well done. I was looking forward to an entertaining, predictable scifi action movie, with some eye candy and closing scene battle highlights. Our funny reviewer from the western shores got one thing right: the last fifteen minutes or so are cool and gripping, with a brawny and hot Aussie chick a la Tomb Raider(and I say that as a brainy brunette.) Also, I think the idea that the last surviving members of a species get killed in numerical order is kind of original. Too bad we never find out why.     Unfortunately, the rest of the movie, i.e. the painfully boring first hour and a half or so, is just full of teenage puppy love that is badly executed. There is no action, which might not necessarily be a show stopper, but there is also no real conversation, plot or character development either. Zip zilch zero. We never find out why planet Lorien was destroyed or why the Mangorians looks like a nasty cross between Underworld and Lord of the Rings. In fact, we never find out anything! The main characters might as well be painted flat and all we get is a series of cliche sentences that put you to sleep. As a sedative, this film is the tops. The only redeeming feature is that the actors who can't act are good looking, but you might as well print a poster instead of watching this.     If you want to watch a good recent scifi movie, rent Thor or the Xmen instead. They're definitely more entertaining and well-crafted that this dud of a Twilight / Green Lantern cross.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|I placed an order for a dvd for a tv series that I really liked and was anxious to have. I received the order in record time. Thanks for being expeditious with your shipping.
089898890X|5.0|This is one of the books that was used by my drum instructor at a large, local music store. This is one of the best out there that I have encountered for jazz. Nearly every single page is loaded from top to bottom with a different four bar pattern per line. This is rudiment heavy. You just play thru each page, and play and play and play. By the end, you're gonna know how to play jazz, as well as improvise, just by virtue of playing so many variations. But this book isn't just for jazz drummers. The saying goes, \\"If you can play jazz, you can play anything.\\" If you just play thru this book, you'll gain the dexterity, precision, and improvisation that any drummer wants and needs. This book is highly recommended, but you have to put in the time to play thru it!!!
0439023513|4.0|I liked the third book less than the first two, it is less original and the characters are less defined. However I would recommend the series as a whole since it was a good read.
1400094984|5.0|The Bartimaeus novels are outstanding! Great characters, storyline, excellent voices. This set of books are just plain fun. The dry Brit-wit will keep you up at night if you make the mistake of trying go to sleep listening. Highly recommended - all the books.
159514188X|4.0|Suicide is never an easy topic to write about, and I certain admire the author for address this topic in an unique way that encourages discussion.  I believe this book doesn't end after you read it. You need to think about the topics raised and digest the answers you formulate.  I do wish the author spent more time articulating options on how Hannah could have gotten the help she needed.  Clearly, she was attempting to seek help, but she wasn't effective in seeking it out, and I'm sure there are many others who feel the same way.  In other words, I believed that the author needed to explore those threads a bit more - for instance, the author talks about warning signs, but never lists them so that the readers might become a little more educated about the topic.
B0042IDMPG|4.0|this is very nice arty space rock inspired by post new wave music! this ep showcases some of hei early efforts and is a great surprise!
1594481717|3.0|There is a lot of interesting and practical information in this book.  Not only does he give his ideas, he has activities that you can do to help you achieve improvement in pertinent areas.  However, after reading (for what seems 200 times) just how much wealth and abundance we live in so that we can start focusing on right brain because all of our basic needs are easily met (Maslow's hierarchy yada yada) I have to say he's dreaming.  He is like the politicians who have been born with a silver spoon and are repeatedly handed more silver along their paths to power. COMPLETELY out of touch with the diminishing middle class and lower.  He doesn't see all of the families on free/reduced lunch at school just to get by.  He doesn't see the disappearing benefits, destruction of unions, pay decreases, home value decreases, job loss...he just talks about all of our abundance.  And yes, we are not suffering like during the Great Depression, but financially the majority of people are in a place of concern.    So, if he mentioned it once or twice you could say, \\"Okay, in many ways we are,\\" but things are getting bad.  Perhaps it is because the book is several years old and we weren't in quite the mess we are in currently.  It just starts to leave a bad taste after a while.
0805092447|5.0|I bought this for my grandson and he just loves it!  It is simple to read, the pictures are vibrant and bright and the book is easy to hold.  When he is getting ready to go to sleep and picks out a book to read before bedtime, he picks this one. I'm sure the pages will be worn out soon as he reads it every day.
B004VRK436|4.0|I first bought this movie when it came out in 2006, my son watched it once and put it away. I never watched it. My 4 yr old grandson found it and watches it constantly.  I found it a really good sci-fi movie. A lot of non-stop action. A boy finds an old game in the basement and once the game is started it must be finished to completion. This game takes the boys on an outer space adventure, a story line teaches the brothers they need to learn to get along and work together to get home.
B004GYY714|5.0|amazing app work terrific, actually save battery power than listening to internet radio on my device using the web browser.
0553801473|1.0|This book isn't any better than AFFC. Nothing interesting happens until the end and then we are left with a major cliffhanger. There are some twists but it seems to come out of nowhere, doesn't really have the intended impact. The series has been disappointing since the third book.
B002BU0DPE|3.0|Got these headphones because I play a lot of Call of Duty games.  Don't be fooled by the guy in the Turtle Beach video saying the \\"Bass is good\\".  The sound of these headphones is pretty good but the bass is pretty bad.  I usually just play with the bass turned down all they way.  The headphones can't even handle a small explosion with you hearing a cracking sound.  Overall these will let you hear when someone is close but I think Turtle Beach could have include better speakers for this headset.
0240816250|4.0|As a former professional studio photographer of over 30 years, I can affirm that this is one of those rare comprehensive compilations of valuable photographic data. Contrary to some critical reviews, I find the digital section to be general enough while avoiding being dated by specific tools, materials and procedures. It does direct attention to what may be new to some photographers, the hybridization between digital and analog. The bibliography is thorough enough for any who wish to explore digital further. The section on mounting and matting prints is not really \\"Way Beyond Monochrome\\" and could have been dispensed with as the techniques are widely presented in most beginner and moderately advanced books, but that is a minor point.     The section(s) on the Zone System are valuable; however the information is spread out, in an anecdotal style and additionally suffers from poor editing. Not that the concepts cannot be deciphered, but spreading Zone System methodology and theory over several chapters (intermingling theory and practice) will leave those unfamiliar with the system grasping for understanding. The step by step procedures in \\"The New Zone System Manual\\" by White, Zakia and Lorenz, for example, are much easier to use and understand (indeed some of their book is excerpted into Lambrecht's book) because procedures are grouped together in their respective sections.  Another annoying aspect of the book is the heavy reliance on graphs to explain concepts, which would seem to be a good idea, but really, you shouldn't have important concepts in the graphs and not explain them explicitly in the text. Not everybody can read 6 point,fine type embedded in small graphs!    Regarding the nudes, you will not want to leave this book around for children who are themselves not yet \\"Way Beyond Birds and Bees!\\" While the pictures may be thought by some to be \\"acceptable to current sensibilities\\" there are just as many others who will not want images of sado-masochism and implied lesbianism (how else to interpret a near-nude woman unbuttoning the jeans of another topless woman?) as part of the instructive content.  I debated much over whether or not to keep the book, but decided that it truly was a rare compilation worthy of inclusion in my photography library. I did have to go through the entire book and use a large black marker to blot out the offending images.     I am no prude, and grew up in Hollywood, California in the \\"Far Out\\" sixties, but I do object to Mr. Lambrecht's assumptions about my sexual mores. I have two young children who are themselves interested in photography, digital and analog, and will now have to explain to them that the author of this book took no offense at giving offense.     Well, in these devolutionary times, my voice will be in the minority and Mr. Lambrecht's profits will not be damaged; nevertheless I prefer my \\"Fine Art Nudes\\" to be in separate books from those that devoted to practice, methodology and science. Content should be secondary and inoffensive to a wide audience in a book on technique, no matter how \\"hip\\" the author wishes us to think him to be.     Clearly Mr. Lambrecht's wife has no problem with his nude \\"work,\\" but not all women are comfortable with their husbands viewing soft-core porn in their instruction manuals! I don't believe I will be purchasing \\"Way Beyond Monochrome (and decency), Third Edition.\\"  What a shame that an otherwise good book should be blemished by Mr. Lambrecht's personal indulgence and insensitivity to a wider audience.
1401323820|4.0|As an avid fan of the show,it is my opinion that abc did well with this TV show tie in. It's Written in a style that anyone can enjoy, and the moment you open the book \\"if you've watched the show\\" you will immediately know and be able to relate to the characters. The book looks like the one you see Castle sign on the show. It has Castle's photograph and is written as though Richard Castle himself was the author. It's a good read and a great coffee table piece to let everyone know your a fan of Castle. At 198 pgs, the book is a bit short and the story would not be as good for someone who hasn't watched the show. All in all, it's well worth the price and I'm glad I have my own personal copy.
B0000214F0|2.0|Curiosity made me watch it.<br /><br />It was billed, repeatedly, as shocking and offensive, I had to see why.  That's my excuse and I'm sticking with it.<br /><br />First of all, a good example of too many cooks spoiling the broth.  Seems as if everyone but Francis the talking mule had a hand in either the filming, writing, editing, or starring in this epic.  People were fired, scenes reshot, it went from being titled Gore Vidal's Caligula, to just plain old Caligula.  Lots of lawsuits were leveled, making me wonder why Caligula didn't also show up with a defamation of character suit against Guccione.  It's a bio-picture after all, just how accurate can it be if there are so few records of Caligula and those were by people who didn't like him.  Let's just say it wasn't a flattering portrayal and let it go at that.<br />I'm more curious as to how they convinced John Gielgud, Peter O'Toole, and Helen Mirren into taking part in this venture, did they list it on their resumes afterwards?  I doubt they could say they didn't know what was going on though.  To their credit, all three performed like troopers with less than sterling material (the revised dialog, co-written by Malcolm McDowell is a little on the silly side, very grandiose).  McDowell must have thought they were doing an avant-garde piece as opposed to a little smut and a whole lot of posturing on his part.  Pity he was on screen for the duration, hammy is the kindest term I could apply to what he was doing (it was less a performance and more a means to grope, mince, smirk, and go all bug-eyed).  His acting was actually the most shocking and offensive thing in this misguided project.<br />Obviously, they spent a fortune on the 64 sets, which included a nautical brothel.  Oddly enough, they filmed them all in long shots so the detailed work was lost; making it pointless.  The camera work was erratic and inconsistent (not surprising considering it's the work of many).  The editing was also peculiar and was also the work of many.  The overall effect of the piece was stagey, static.  Characters stood about and delivered their speeches, close-ups were reserved for the orgy sequences.  It was very bizarre, very amateur.  All I kept thinking was, at least they saved a fortune on costumes (bed sheets, by the look of it, those who were actually draped).<br />As for the most `controversial film of all time' claim, I wasn't all that outraged by what I viewed in the COMPLETE, UNEDITED AND UNRATED EDITION.  Only one scene was disturbing to me, the killing of a child by bashing her head against a marble staircase.  I could have gone without seeing that.  The rest, eh.<br /><br />Not a keeper but I am glad I got to see what all the fuss was about.overall effect of the piece was stagey, static.  Characters stood about and delivered their speeches, close-ups were reserved for the orgy sequences.  It was very bizarre, very amateur.  All I kept thinking was, at least they saved a fortune on costumes (bed sheets, by the look of it, those who were actually draped).   As for the most `controversial film of all time' claim, I wasn't all that outraged by what I viewed in the COMPLETE, UNEDITED AND UNRATED EDITION.  Only one scene was disturbing to me, the killing of a child by bashing her head against a marble staircase.  I could have gone without seeing that.  The rest, eh.    Not a keeper but I am glad I got to see what all the fuss was about.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|Got this back when it was free app of the day.     I was not expecting much but was surprised to find that for a game on my phone, its pretty awesome.     the shooting style is like Arcade mode in COD Black ops.     The storyline is cheesy but I think that's the point, no one really wants a bunch of story plot, they only want to shoot zombies, and this game delivers.
B004WKOCP8|5.0|When I first listened to this brand new CD by Incubus, my initial thought was \\"Whoa! is this really Incubus?\\"  It took a few listens, but I have learned to LOVE this new album by Incubus!   They tap into some serious (and can I say deep?) musical talent.  It is a softer side of Incubus that some people didn't expect, figuring some of their older albums are pretty heavy.  However, this album shows how creative, innovative, and artistic Incubus can really be.  Some songs are inspiring and others are just super chill!  Incubus took a huge step forward with this fascinating CD, and judging by the reviews, some of the fans were not very pleased with the results.  I deeply admire Incubus for this courageous step in branching out, exploring and developing their musical talents, and doing something out of the ordinary!        I wont go into track details, each song will speak differently to every individual that has the pleasure of listening to this masterpiece.  For those who dislike this CD upon first tasting, give it some time, and you will come to appreciate the amazing musicians that Incubus has become.  This is quite possibly one of the best CD's I have ever encountered!  The sky is the limit with Incubus!  Just remember, all the ordinary people who ever became great, never got there without stepping out of bounds, going against the grain, and doing something that has never before been done!
1451629184|5.0|This is a wonderful book by a tremendously brave young woman. She has suffered what no one should suffer, and still seeks to help others with this book.<br /><br />Here's a question I had: when she is finally found, the police call her mom. Her mom, of course, is overjoyed to hear the news that her daughter has been found. The police then put Jaycee up in a hotel. Her mom arrives THE NEXT DAY to bring her home.<br /><br />Supposedly, her mom lived only two hours away, and it wasn't that late when she got the call about Jaycee. Why did her mom wait till the next day to go and re-unite with her daughter? Wouldn't any mother jump in the car and break the speed limit to see the daughter who had been missing for 18 year?
B004K4AUZW|4.0|I love this CD and the album cover art is very cool on the Special Edition. Personally, I don't listen to the second CD, which has remixes. I think for the average fan, the regular CD would be fine to listen to all the best music from this album.
B005CG0FS4|5.0|I just love watching Pretty Little Liars!  This show is so addicting and I can't wait for the next episode. This is one of the best shows on TV.  The writing is great and keeps you coming back for more.
1936594390|5.0|This is really a must read, I recommend it highly. Very engrossing and thought provoking so do yourself a favor and read it!
B0056BMK6K|2.0|Sorry for the low rating, but I guess I'm one of those readers Locke refers to as looking for the \\"silver bullet.\\"  I bought this book because I was intrigued to know if Locke had done anything special or unusual to drive sales of his books.  The advice in this book is essentially \\"write a bunch of books, then market them with Twitter, a website and an email list.\\"  I was also bored by the endlessly self-congratulatory writing. He is very detailed about how you should use Twitter (if you don't already know), how often you should post blogs, how you should communicate with your readers.... obviously his system worked for him, and maybe some people will appreciate the handholding approach, but I was expecting something more interesting than \\"you need your own website.\\"
B000002GFC|5.0|As its title, this CD really includes the very best of Cream. Only three albums in their short career but, what a music!!!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|The sound quality is amazing and it actually made me better at call of duty! My friends hate me for it because I can hear them coming from any direction and just turn and shoot. The only problems I have is battery replacement and when I watch movies it cuts out. But over all, its well worth it!
B004G600A4|5.0|This new Disney movie was not a disappointment! It was light and fun with entertaining songs and dialogue; my sister and I have watched this movie several times and still haven't tired of it. It will really bring out your inner child in this retelling of the classic Rapunzel tale.
B0041KKYGU|4.0|This has got to be the raucnhiest  film I have seen Ms. Diaz in and its not raunchy I actually think they story should have suroounded the actual teaching of the class and not focus it so much on the romance, but its a surprisingly entertaining movie. Some very annoying characters but thats good. I enoyed it for the most part.
B004WJREMW|3.0|I am glad I didn't get the super deluxe edition as the bonus tracks really are at most awful.<br />The track that really is excruciatingly bad is 'Temporary Secretary' and a few others such as that one.<br />There are some great songs as well thankfully such as Coming Up and Waterfalls.<br /><br />Don't get the deluxe edition unless you are a obsessive fan or collector as the bonus material really is not worth it.
B000JMKQX0|3.0|It was an okay read, but only that. Having grown accustomed to Hollywood's leftist worldview I was able eyeroll my way past most of the typical cheapshots and leftist wetdreams without being too sidetracked by them. The American characters were cast in an almost universal bad light, while pretty much anyone outside of the US was cast in a positive one. Case in point; the Japanese \\"last man on Earth\\" Tomonaga Ijiro is a noble figure that gets a fair amount of development (and if there's anything the author uses sparingly, it's character development) while Americans who managed to survive on their own until the Federal government got around to them were only developed so far as to label them as one-dimensional nutters (the acronym used being LaMOE, Last Man On Earth. Pronounced \\"lay-moe\\". Lame-oh. Get it?)    The biggest problem with the book is that the author isn't all that good. For one thing, he's a Googler. Someone who tries to fake that they know about a subject when they don't and rely on some (in many cases) spotty research. Here's a tip; anytime an author writing a bit where a serviceman or woman is speaking in the first person and that character repeatedly refers to their magazines as \\"clips\\", the author's a Googler. And not a particularly good one. Which would be fine if he didn't try to fill the book with so much jargon. He never really gives much of a voice to the slew of characters that are interviewed by the protagonist and relies too heavily on the interview gimmick to make up for the lack of flesh (no pun) on the story. With rare exceptions, most of the interviewees sound like the same person and the stories they recount lack much in the way of anything interesting. What they don't lack is their usefulness in furthering the author's political viewpoint. That's for sure. But like I said, having grown up with that sort of thing, you develop a tolerance of it and come to expect it.    A decent read but let's face it, if the author wasn't Mel Brook's kid,this book wouldn't have seen the light of day before the advent of the 99 cent self-pub ebook.
B003YL4LYI|3.0|If you had told me to make a list off the top of my head before I sat down to read this novel, of events I'd want to see, or resolutions I was looking for, it would have been something like:<br /><br />Dany mastering her dragons, escaping the Meereen situation, and heading west.<br />Tyrion arriving at Dany's court to serve her in his unique ways.<br />The battle with the Others finally starting in a serious way.<br />Jon learning who he is.<br />Cersei's trial and the unleashing of FrankinGregor.<br />What is Jaime going to do?<br />Is Briennie dead, what did she say to get out of the noose?<br />Quentyn arriving at Dany's court and revealing Dorne's plans to her.<br />Victarion using the horn to control the dragons.<br />Bran meeting the Greenseer and finishing his training.<br />Arya finishing her training.<br /><br />A pretty obvious list based on the story so far, right?  I would have been happy with 3 of these stories moving along, 4 would have been downright wonderful.  Instead I got one and a half.  And the kicker...it's the last one and a half I would have chosen.<br /><br />This would have been bad enough...only it got worse.  GRRM manages to add two more very interesting plotlines, one of which is Stannis' battle for the North, the other of which we'll let be a secret, and he gives no resolution for them either.<br /><br />This is a novel that ended 200 hundred pages short.  Throughout all of it we are given two \\"big\\" stories, the North and the East, and both of them look to lead towards large power altering battles that will rival the Blackwater...only we never get to them.  The book stops before BOTH.<br /><br />It is a novel filled with ships sailing, and sailing, and sailing some more.  Of marching, and marching, and marching some more.  Jon Snow becomes muddled in food stores, concerned with wildlings, with not an Other in sight of the wall.  Dany reverts back to trying to save absolutely everyone, doing anything at all to make a false peace, and turns on her own dragons. Cersei has 2 chapters, Jaime 1, and both of them feel like they should have either been included into AFFC or left out till Book 6.  Bran and Ayra train, but it has no end in sight.<br /><br />Tyrion....Tyrion learns to cherish his inner dwarf.  If all this doesn't sound exciting, don't worry, you will be lucky enough to get to read near 50 pages of food descriptions scattered about the novel.  There is also about 100 \\"You know nothing, Jon Snows\\", about 50 \\"Words are Wind\\" and considerable \\"I must go forward\\" and something about Lannister's and debts I didn't know about...<br /><br />I can't say it was all bad.  If there wasn't good I wouldn't be so disappointing in where the book ended after all. Reek, Barristan, Asha, and Davos were all fantastic, the single Melisandre chapter shed much light on a certain bastard's destiny, and my main-dragon Drogon was the star of the book.<br /><br />But...I have just finished 1000 pages, it is fresh in my mind, and what drives me to my disappointment is the thought of another 5 years...where I will have my list above, one scratched off, and yet two more added.<br /><br />3.5 but it doesn't deserve the curve.ns on her own dragons. Cersei has 2 chapters, Jaime 1, and both of them feel like they should have either been included into AFFC or left out till Book 6.  Bran and Ayra train, but it has no end in sight.<br /><br />Tyrion....Tyrion learns to cherish his inner dwarf.  If all this doesn't sound exciting, don't worry, you will be lucky enough to get to read near 50 pages of food descriptions scattered about the novel.  There is also about 100 \\"You know nothing, Jon Snows\\", about 50 \\"Words are Wind\\" and considerable \\"I must go forward\\" and something about Lannister's and debts I didn't know about...<br /><br />I can't say it was all bad.  If there wasn't good I wouldn't be so disappointing in where the book ended after all. Reek, Barristan, Asha, and Davos were all fantastic, the single Melisandre chapter shed much light on a certain bastard's destiny, and my main-dragon Drogon was the star of the book.<br /><br />But...I have just finished 1000 pages, it is fresh in my mind, and what drives me to my disappointment is the thought of another 5 years...where I will have my list above, one scratched off, and yet two more added.<br /><br />3.5 but it doesn't deserve the curve.
1594202842|3.0|OK, here goes. I'm a Jewish-American mother married to a Chinese man, and we raised two sons and one daughter. We gave them all a classical musical education.    I was the strict parent with regard to music, and my husband was strict with regard to other aspects of their education. But we came nowhere near the routine of Amy Chua's daughters. Wow, those kids worked hard!    We never made our kids practice their music on vacation. One became a professional musician because she wanted to, and the other two followed other paths in life.    I think that a parent can push a kid 24 hours a day, but if that kid is not a musician at heart, it will never happen.    Concerning her supervision of her daughters' daily practice sessions, Amy's primary flaw was in spelling out every minuscule detail of what the girls needed to do. That's really crazy. Your children have to learn to be responsible, and they have to learn how to teach themselves.    Amy's discussion is interesting, and she has a lot of courage to reveal her self-doubts to all these readers. However, if I were one of her daughters, I'd be embarrassed for the rest of my life!    From writer Lilian Duval, author of [[ASIN:1604945206 You Never Know: Tales of Tobias, an Accidental Lottery Winner]]
006112429X|1.0|I have to admit that after 150 pages, I gave up on this book. There was a time when I would finish every book I bought no matter how bad it was. I guess I'm just either too old or have too many books now to finish that I feel like I don't have time to waste reading bad books. There were no characters in this book to care about. Pretty much everyone is a villain. That may not be the appropriate word, but it's going to have to do. Also, it seemed to me like the author had just received a shiny new thesaurus and wanted to wear that thing out. It was tedious and unnecessary.
B00447G2PM|1.0|This documentary only has 40 minutes of film, and it says 47 minutes in the description. At $31, thats such a rip off and the 3D effects aren't even good. There is only 1 effect that goes out of screen in the entire film and its not even that impressive. I would like to return it but the policy states you cannot return movies that were opened from the plastic wrap. Don't buy this. Order a movie on Demand for 6 bucks in 3D instead.
B002ZG98J6|2.0|The good--there are some very cool special effects in this movie.  Whether you have read the books or not, it's worth seeing at least once just to enjoy the special effects sequences (even if most have nothing whatsoever to do with the plot or the story).  My favorites were:  Poseidon walking out of the sea, the entire Medusa sequence, and the commercial gimmick of Percy calling out the waves to help him fight--cliche or not, it looks pretty neat.  :)  I also really liked the portrayal of Grover; he was the one character who imho was believable even if he was completely different from what I expected from the book.  Kudos to the actor on that one; I could watch the screen and absolutely believe he was a satyr.      The bad--everything else.  Try to ignore the idiotic dialogue, the nonsensical plot, and the complete absence of coherent story line--you'll only be disappointed.  Just watch the effects, say ooo and aah, then go read the books.  :)  The books are fantastic, and I can't recommend them highly enough!
B002ZG9846|4.0|(I've never read Kick-Ass, so I can't speak to its status as an adaptation.)    From a technical standpoint, this is an extremely proficient film. It's shot well, the music is excellent (barring the fact hat some tracks are derivative of other works, which I didn't know at first), the acting is solid, the cast is all curiously sympathetic, the emotion is viscerally powerful, and the action is incredible.    For those who have never seen Kick-Ass and are unaware of its content, there are two things that should be made crystal clear.    One is , and please, PLEASE keep reading after this because it's not all there is to the movie:    This is exTREMEly violent. And I don't just mean that the violence is graphic. The violence is AFFECTING. I'm no stranger to violence in film, trust me, but every time someone was killed or even hit it felt like a slap in the face.    Second thing:    While the violence is extreme, none of it is gratuitous.    Does that sound nonsensical? Well, let me put it this way. Every single scene of violence serves an important narrative purpose. And I don't mean that it just moves the plot.    See, Kick-Ass is ABOUT violence. It's about how our glorified picture of violence doesn't hold a candle to the true, graphic horror of it. The main character, a kid who thinks he can be a superhero, soon realizes why our fantasies about superheroes can be childish and even dangerous. And every scene of violence is another step in the main character's voyage of maturity as he discovers this awful reality.    To be frank, I liked the main character. I identified with him, in a way. He has a sort of courage and ambition that you just have to envy. And that was a strong part of why this movie affected me so deeply: it projects you into a movie, then proceeds to beat you up, stab you, cripple you, and do the same to others in front of you.    I'm going to suggest something that's likely very false and maybe even irresponsible, but maybe I'm on the right track.I want you to expose people to this film.    See, the big complaint with violence in film and games is that it's desensitizing: by distancing children from the horror of violence even as they passively or actively participate in it, maybe it makes them less horrified by the true evils of the world.    I don't personally believe that, at least not in the way most critics of violence do. BUT:    THIS FILM IS NOT DESENSITIZING.    No question about it. Every moment is raw, painful, horrifying. But the reason it's horrifying is because it isn't pointless, and although it's shot well it isn't shot in a detached manner.    In a way, it was almost a religious experience for me. Suddenly, I could see what people meant when they were complaining about violence in film. I've since become much less tolerant of gratuitous violence in films, but I'm still in awe of this one, PRECISELY because none of the violence is gratuitous to the main idea of the story.    As I said, from a technical standpoint the film is just fine, though the tone shifts so wildly that I'm not even sure what you're supposed to feel at the end.    I will raise one VERY annoying issue, though: the main character is mistaken by his crush for a homosexual, and uses this as an excuse to spend time around her. My problem has NOTHING to do with the homosexuality, but with the girl herself. See, during this time, the main character does things with the girl that, shall we say, she would consider much too intimate for interaction with a straight friend. Nothing sexual, but physically intimate. And when he finally confesses the truth, she's upset for about five minutes before she abruptly jumps to being his girlfriend.    I'm not a woman, but as soon as I saw that I knew in my gut that NO girl would react this way - certainly not within that time span.    This is something that intensely gets on my nerves, and here's why: because someday, something similar might happen in real life - and when that girl is rightly outraged, people might say \\"Ah, you're just overreacting.\\"    I'm not going to blame this movie for starting a trend or corrupting our youth or anything, but to spread these kinds of ideas WITHOUT being aware of them is just not the way to go. If nothing else, it's just astoundingly poor writing - a lite version of the idea that wives can't be raped.    Stuff like that really irritates me. I can still watch Kick-Ass because I'm essentially aware of it and can tune it out. But please, PLEASE, make sure that people are aware of that particular problem. Just...stay aware.    And that's really the point of watching Kick-Ass, in a way. It's an exercise in raising awareness. Mainly it's awareness of the true horror of violence and the nature of violence in today's society; but hopefully it can also be an example of how these unthinking mistakes can slip past our radar somehow.
B004SIIBGU|5.0|This program works amazingly on my Viewsonic Gtab stock rom. It's very quick and i encountered no errors.  It works in landscape also, which is a big plus on my 10.1 tablet and is very easy to navigate.
0425241505|4.0|I loved the world-building in this one, and the characters were fun too. Haven't read many with a dragon as the hero. It was very easy to get into and kept my attention throughout.<br /><br />I can't say there was a lot of mystery as to what was going to happen (but then I don't expect a whole lot of surprises when I read romance). I had a fun time following along. I was surprised by what Pia ended up being - so kudos there. It makes sense as I look back on it, but I was surprised at the time.<br /><br />I did love the interactions between Pia and Dragos - quality banter is a must and Harrison delivers.<br /><br />I wish there had been more of a confrontation between the hero and the villain, but it didn't detract too much.<br /><br />If you do not like very possessive alpha males, you will not like this book. However, if that floats your boat you will be very, very happy.
0307474275|1.0|While reading it I kept thinking, 'the good stuff has to start soon'.  Not so.  It's not thought provoking, certainly not mysterious (easy to guess the plot twists, such as they are, without much effort) and not shocking at all.  I can't imagine why it became a best seller except for the hype.  Waste of time.
B0012HF5NC|5.0|The title says it all. Independence Day is a pure roller-coaster ride, but it's fully aware of it. Yes, there are plot holes, static characters, and a bit of an uncomfortable TEAM 'MURIKA sentiment (I'm not American, by the way, but I STILL love this thing!), but the film is outstandingly paced. The alien threat is introduced in a grand fashion and ratcheted up with an almost poetic rhythm.    Basically, this is the perfect film for you if:    You don't want to watch anything that engages your brain in any sense.  You want to watch stuff blow up.  You want to punch the air and yell, \\"F*** yeah!\\" at the end.    This is just one of those films that you have to be in the mood for to enjoy. That doesn't mean it's bad so much as narrowly specialized. It's all about what you want in a movie - and even brainless entertainment can have its place.
B002ZG98C8|3.0|The Movie Machete is a C+ movie and what i saw seem to be a parody of the Arizona Senator.  Maybe it is just me, but since i do live in Arizona and notice the things in this enviroment, i picked up on the border wars and how our politicians are using it for leverage in vote getting, and what seem a little peculiar is that in Arizona the Senators name is John McCain. in the Movie the Senator name is John Mclaughlin. It did not bother me, it brought more humor to it for me and i found it made the movie more interesting. the excitement stayed noticeable although in some cases a little over done.
B0057KXXFM|5.0|How old are you? I was 17 when Limp Bizkit started, I was there since the very early days because of Korn underground stuff I was watching and they had met Fred. $3 bill ya'll is their classic sure. It's their first, however, they are no Pearl Jam or Stone Temple Pilots who peaked on the first blown wad. No, just like the Deftones, Limp Bizkit went back to their roots (rely on riffs in between good smart (not lazy or cliche [original]) lyrics. In Gold Cobra they did all of that. It took long enough, and they deseve 5 stars for this effort. Well done guys, now get the new MTV management to play you and prove the timelessness aggressiveness has.
0307346617|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  Reminded me of Studs Turkel's \\"The Good War\\".  Great premise & well written.  Would have like it longer -I'm sure there are a lot more stories to be told.
B004X2M3SI|2.0|Obviously this is just a partial review since the whole series hasn't come out yet, so take all this for what it is.    I liked Series 5. A lot. In fact, I thought it was the best season since Series 1 (can't really compare it to the Classic Series as they're apples and oranges). I liked pretty much everything about it; you can read my comments on that elsewhere.    But this was just disappointing to me on so many levels.    I will say that I found all the episodes entertaining aside from the mid-season finale (more on that later). But the series as a whole just felt...rudderless.    (Spoilers follow)    In the first two-parter: I enjoyed the Silence and found them thoroughly threatening; I also liked the device used to defeat them (though I had my own cool idea as to what would happen). What I didn't like: the tone of the thing was all over the place. I didn't know if I was supposed to feel threatened, reassured, happy, sad, or...well, anything. The emotional brushstrokes are there, but they never really gel into a big picture.    Also, that kiss. Sorry, I hated that kiss. The Doctor was basically an asexual character all the way up to the Eighth Doctor. I'm not a prude; I'm sure he had a wild youth like we all did. But to me, the idea of sexual attraction just cheapens the character. The Doctor isn't about sex, he's about love - but even more than that, he's about ideas. The Doctor is a moral character first and foremost; it's up to the supporting casts to have, shall we say, human urges. There was something really cool about knowing that the Doctor and, for instance, Sarah Jane were friends in spite of their vast differences.    But let me just offer you this litmus test.    Imagine the Seventh Doctor...involved...with Ace.    OK?    Now why should it be any less icky when an even OLDER Doctor considers doing this with, say, Rose?    I accept that River may be a lot older than she looks, but the point is we just don't know. Think about it; even if Rose turned outto be eight hundred years old, it would still be creepy because at the time the Doctor wasn't aware of it.    Anyway...    The Curse of the Black Spot is passable, but also forgettable. The story really needed to center around the character of the Captain, but he's so underwritten and underacted that this never really comes to the fore. And there are several questionable plot elements towards the end.    The Doctor's Wife was outstanding for what it was: a love letter. Certainly fun and certainly memorable, but it suffered from what the entire half of the series suffered from...I'll get to that in a moment.    I liked the cloning two-parter. It walked a fine line between classic, cliche Doctor Who and modern, surprising Doctor Who. Sure there were a couple questionable moments, but I liked the atmosphere, as well as Rory's principled stance and Amy's comeuppance.    The final episode...I'm sorry, I just hated it. Hated, hated, hated it. NOTHING HAPPENED! There's no conflict because the Doctor already has a plan at the beginning; he then spends half an hour just doing it, and then a twist ending is stuck on the end. If it weren't for that twist and for the River Song revelation, it would be totally forgettable as the rest of the time is obsessed with a) repetitive innuendo and b) trying to make us care deeply about characters we haven't known for any length of time.    Moreover, we were promised a dark Doctor. I was told a Good Man Was Going To Go To War. What actually happens? He blows up a couple ships and is mean to an antagonist.    Let me get something straight with you guys. In the Classic Series, the Doctor tricked the Daleks into wiping themselves out. Twice. He convinced his companion that he was evil because he had to to defeat an ancient enemy. In the New Adventures, he shoots a villain in the head. And then there was the Time War.    THIS is Dark Doctor material. Not giving an army man a silly nickname.    This story needed to be structured as if the Doctor was the villain. No such thing. He's still a harmless grandpa. Not Smith's fault - the writing's fault.    Here's the big problem, the one that brings down the series half as a whole:    IT. ISN'T. ABOUT. ANYTHING.    Doctor Who was always about big ideas. In Season 7 we had gritty, Earth-bound realism that questioned human morality. In Genesis of the Daleks, we see a fresh and terrifying Nazi allegory that serves as a commentary on genocide. Even Series 1 was intertwined with concepts of death, decay and resurrection.    Here, what are we being told? That sometimes the Doctor can be mean. Well, guess what: it's been done before.    Frankly, all the important conflicts here are personal ones. Amy's pregnant. Rory's insecure. The Doctor's unstable. River is regretful. And while these things aren't out of place in Doctor Who, they should never be empty of IDEAS. But this series so far, unfortunately, is. It was fine in Series 5, when the idea was to do a \\"safe\\" season, but it's just got to stop now.    I won't stop watching anytime soon, because I do love the show and I do think Moffatt is an intelligent writer and showrunner. But I'll be a lot more hesitant about accepting his material in the future.
B0041KKYGU|1.0|This is one of the worst movies that I have ever seen.  It is a waste of time and money.  It is demeaning to every character and ultimately to the audience because they sat through it.
B0058P7KUA|4.0|Got this App on Amazon free app per day offer. Really fun and interesting game. If you can look pass the game taking 3 min+ to load it is worth the wait. I am not sure if its my HTC Sensation having issue with this app or if its everyone for the long load time. On the game itself is really entertaining, the dialog, the action and creativity are all extremely fun to play with, overall great time consuming game.
B004ZZS4CC|2.0|First, let me say what happened to this young woman is horrible.  I can't begin to relate to what she went through and I applaud her courage for coming out with her story and working to do something positive from her experience.    Now, having said that, I do have to say this book itself is just \\"ok.\\"  My first disappointment is that roughly 1/3 of the book is about pets.  She goes into detail about birds, cats, dogs...eventually horses.  Sometimes pages and pages about pet stuff.  At one point, the book reprints a journal she kept about the antics of one of her cats - in full - about 10 pages!  A single page example would have been sufficient.  I understand her pets were important to her through her life, but hearing about each one, page after page, became a bit tiresome.    Second, I was disappointed there wasn't more information about what happened to her captors after she was discovered.  I know (and am glad!) they ended up in jail, but she really hardly mentions them in the last 1/3 of the book - other than one final visit she makes to the prison.  I feel like leaving this info out left a part of the story untold.    And third - I realize this wasn't part of \\"her\\" story, but I would have loved a few more references to what was going on in the rest of the world - for example, \\"I found out later that during this time police were following a lead....\\", etc.    So, again, I wish the absolute best for Jaycee and I'm sure she's a wonderful mother, daughter and friend.  I just think this particular book isn't what it could have been...
B003EV6DBM|4.0|It's a huge pet peeve of mine when people review Doctor Who based on their tastes rather than the objective standards on the show. Doctor Who as a show has changed so often and so radically that there will ALWAYS be parts of the show that, whether or not they are good, just don't appeal to people. If you want darkness and grit, try Season 7. If you want space exploration, avoid it. And so on, and so on.    For this reason, I'm going to start with OBJECTIVE commentary - standards of writing, storytelling, etc. - and then proceed to the SUBJECTIVE, as in my personal take on the direction of the show, the style, and the acting.    First the objective.      THE PLOTS  Overall, this is a more tightly written series than the four which preceded it. There's a little more attention to plotting and logic, which is due in no small part to Moffat's talent for writing puzzlebox stories. In past seasons, you always knew you had to suspend a lot of your logical faculties to enjoy the season finales; this time around, it's much more acceptable on that front. There are still exceptions, specifically Victory of the Daleks, but in terms of plot this series is hitting higher peaks and just maintaining a higher average.    THE PRODUCTION VALUES  This is something I'm least inclined to give importance, since Doctor Who was always enjoyable regardless of its production, but the effects have definitely improved from the last season. Part of it comes from less overt reliance on CGI for the most part. You certainly don't get anything on the level of the TARDIS towing a planet. Additionally, the locations are substantially more effective and interesting. The Time of Angels/Flesh and Stone, Vincent and the Doctor, Vampires of Venice, and the finale all have examples of great, tactile locations that you could almost believe were real locations.    THE SOUNDTRACK  Although it's still Murray Gold in charge of the music, the tone of the soundtrack has shifted considerably along with the rest of the show. The music tends to be more upbeat, faster and more overtly heroic, as well as a lot more catchy. It's just a lot easier to hum the music you hear in the show.    THE CHARACTERS  (Note: this is in terms of the writing, not the performances.)  There were certain innovations in the cast which I thought were quite interesting, and perhaps necessary. For one thing, we have a male companion who is neither wholly incompetent nor utterly dumped by his girlfriend. Rory does start out in much the same position as Mickey, but unlike him he grows substantially as a character - proving his worth and truly earning his place on the TARDIS by the last episode - and Amy does not abandon him the way Rose abandoned Mickey. As a result, while the two relationships start out on similar pages, this most recent one ends up in a much more palatable place.    In terms of writing, Amy Pond is how Rose's character should have been treated in Series 2. Both start out as fairly selfish, obsessed with the Doctor to the point of being rather bratty. In Series 2, however, Rose never grows out of this condition, and the problem is instead solved by having the plot conveniently get her out of the way. In Series 5, however, Amy becomes substantially aware of her own brattiness and takes steps to change. The implied romantic subtext that made the Ten/Rose relationship so thoroughly creepy (please - a nine-hundred-year-old and a nineteen-year-old? Don't insult my intelligence.) threatens to resume here, but...well, let's say the writers knew what they were doing on that score.    The Doctor here is largely without a character arc, in sharp contrast to his immediate predecessors. I would be quick to explain to viewers who haven't experienced the Eleventh Doctor, however, that this is a consequence of the change in showrunners. It was Moffat's intention to have a \\"safe\\" series to which viewers could adjust before ramping up his own style. As a result, we see aspects of the Doctor's future arcs and conflicts foreshadowed, but emotionally speaking the series is not so much about him, but more about his companions.    The supporting cast is fairly strong - nothing particularly better- or worse-written than in previous seasons. Memorable characters include Winston Churchill, Rosanna Calvierri, and Liz Ten. River Song also appears in two stories, and given that it's her creator who's writing her character she's hardly mischaracterized.    THE BADDIES  The antagonists are all over the map. Standouts are the still-effective Weeping Angels, the Dream Lord, the...shall we say...baddies of the finale. The Earth Reptiles, the Vampires, and the Smilers are middling - decently written, but not necessarily memorable. The Atraxi, the new Daleks, and the Krafayis are less memorable - none of them are given a chance to be truly threatening. Overall, this kind of distribution is basically the standard for the New Series.      Now for my subjective interpretations.      THE PLOTS  After the extremely shoddy writing behind The End of Time, I was very happy to watch a Series that didn't insult my intelligence every step of the way. Victory of the Daleks, which does suffer from very shoddy logic, is thankfully over with very early in the season. From then on, any thin plotting is made up for by some other aspect: the atmosphere and the Doctor/Dream Lord interaction in Amy's Choice, Tony Curran in Vincent and the Doctor, and so on. I also enjoyed the comedy, though of course it's going to play differently with different people.    The more light-hearted approach this season was also fine with me since a) the Doctor had exorcised a lot of demons in The End of Time and b) after four years of suffering, the guy just needed a holiday. And as a childhood viewer, I was used to light-hearted Doctor Who anyway. But don't worry - they haven't forgotten about his history, and there are some very poignant moments here.    THE PRODUCTION VALUES  As I said above, I place little importance onproduction values. If the Classic Series was good enough for me and countless others as a kid, it should be good enough for kids today. And frankly, I prefer good stories to good production. But maybe that's just me.    In general, I'm OK with CGI when it's depicting large-scale events - such as the TARDIS in motion or a planet blowing up or something - but less OK with trying to make CGI work in the creation of monsters. There's a fairly even balance in this series, but I feel they could have gone further. The Atraxi could have remained invisible; Prisoner Zero could easily have been made into a threatening puppet; the Krafayis could have been kept invisible; and so on. But as I said, a lot of the sets are very effective.    THE SOUNDTRACK  Call me crazy, but I don't like themes you can hum. The Classic Series soundtrack was all about atmosphere; it was about accentuating the situation while letting the characters do their thing. In the New Series there's a greater focus on characters, so it makes sense that there would be leitmotifs; but Murray Gold's work is going to feel very repetitive after a while. The Classic Series music almost felt improvised, which gave it a varied quality. Don't get me wrong; the music is still very good and enjoyable to listen to - but I prefer it when the music stays in the background, if that makes sense.    THE CHARACTERS  Matt Smith is going to play differently for a lot of people, and the title role is often the biggest point of contention in criticizing the show.    What follows is purely my opinion - so take it for what it is - but I never quite bought the Tenth Doctor. This wasn't due to Tennant, who is a very skilled and versatile actor. But the Tenth Doctor never quite convinced me that he was a) an alien or b) 900 years old. Actors such as Tom Baker and Sylvester McCoy, perhaps because of their middling age, were able to portray the Doctor as an ageless character who were always focused on the big picture. The Doctor's age and his alienness are his two most important traits, and for me somehow that mix just didn't come through. By no means was he a bad Doctor - he just wasn't my thing.    You might have guessed this, but I found Matt Smith to be an improvement. Smith is of course a younger actor than Tennant, and as with many fans I was hesitant about accepting him when I first looked him up. But Smith has three things going for him. The first is that Smith is EXTREMELY good at playing quirky characters. Watching him, it's difficult not to think that he actually IS an alien in real life. His brand of quirk may rub some people the wrong way, but for me he's so natural in the way he does this that I can't help but buy it.    The second is that whether it's because of his looks or his technique, he does in fact come across as a more mature character than Tennant's Doctor. There's a moment in the finale when the Doctor is...let's say sitting next to someone...where he closes his eyes, and it felt like a slap in the face: this guy IS ancient. It always puzzled me why they chose to make the Tenth Doctor so youthfully, given that even the Fifth Doctor played the role like an old man, and so for me this was a breath of fresh air.    The third trait is warmth. Simply speaking, you can't help but think the Eleventh Doctor is a really, really nice guy. In fact, this might even work against his character if he tries to be extremely angry or threatening - but that's more a question for Series 6. Taking these traits together, I found Smith convincing as a) an alien, b) a kindly father, and c) a superhero. Smith works for me.    The companions are a bit more mixed. I very much enjoy the work of the actor who plays Rory - he's modest and down-trodden, but with deep reserves of strength, courage, and above all else love. I really wanted Rory to become the hero he deserved to be. As for how this pans out...let's say the writers knew what they were doing.    I wasn't so impressed by Karen Gillan as Amy Pond. I think it was due in part to Amy's character being deliberately written as initially selfish, but at the same time playing a character like that requires great versatility in an actress - a comic background often helps - and I'm not sure Gillan has quite the range to keep her character likable in ambiguous moments. I was personally more invested in Rory - but, luckily enough, the season's treatment of Rory also enabled Amy to grow in a much more palatable direction.    I confess that I never cared all that much for River Song. She's become such an icon to Doctor Who fans that they just can't stop quoting her, which has led her into the habit of having \\"catchphrases\\" - a writing contrivance I personally despise. But conceptually speaking, there's nothing wrong with her here, and if you liked her in Series 4 you'll like her here too.    THE BADDIES  Not much to add on this score, except to say that...yes, I also disliked the new Dalek design. The best possible explanation for the color scheme is that it's supposed to be impressive, but my problem with this is that the Daleks were never interested in impressing anyone. Their armor is functional, not pretty. And yes, my favorite scheme is indeed the gunmetal grey from the Fourth Doctor's era. So shoot me.      OVERALL    This is a fairly solid season - across the board, I would say the second best after Series 1 (I can't compare to the Classic Series). The main issues people are going to have are taste-related ones. If you don't like Matt Smith; if you didn't want a bit of a lighter approach to Doctor Who (even if only for one year - it gets a lot darker in Series 6); if you miss too many characters from the earlier seasons; if you prefer the \\"comic-book\\" approach to the \\"fairy-tale\\" approach, then you'll have trouble appreciating the series.    My advice? Don't take it too hard. Don't narrow your expectations too much, and try and get through the Series anyway. Let it digest a little. It's always difficult for fans to make this sort of transition, but it's often healthy to do so. Just don't force it - and you might end up enjoying it a lot more than you thought you would.
B004FGMDOQ|4.0|I bought the Kindle edition which I began reading on my computer with the expectation that using the Kindle itself would not be the best platform for the book, given the images. Halfway through, I bought it for my teen and recommended it to my husband. I likes this book. It was a quick and easy read, creative and fun. The different peculiarities the children exhibited were interesting instead of boring. If this is indeed the beginning of a series, I look forward to further volumes.
B000001FS3|5.0|The product arrived on schedule and very well packed! The transaction went smoothly without any problem.The site is easy to use and has very good products.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|Logitech, hit this one out of the ballpark. This is an awesome product, you cant go wrong in my opinion. Some of my friends have also bought this produst, some do have issues getting used to the thumb joystick (Its a bit small of a top hat) other than that I have never heard any complaints. I have used this product for quite a while now gaming in COD MW2, RIFT, AoC, Tera Korea, Darkfall, Crysis2, it has worked flawlesly in every game and with every task I have asked of it. 10 Stars for this product.
030746363X|5.0|After reading this book, I can't help but think that Tim is a nut-job.  He has tried some crazy experiments on himself, but the results are amazing.  If you want to get healthier -in any way- this is the book for you. I have convinced friends and family to get this book and they are all blown away by its contents.  Not only is it very educational, it is also a lot of fun to read.  I literally couldn't put it down. Oh, and with his tips for losing weight and toning muscle, it is drastically changing my body right now.
0553801473|5.0|I went to bed early, well, early for me, determined to get a good night's rest.  It wasn't to be, I couldn't sleep with the almost finished A Dance with Dragons sitting in my living room.  I dozed a little and my thoughts bounced around from Bran to Jon to Tyrion and Quentyn.  I thought about what it would be like to live through a winter that lasts years instead of months, which started me thinking about the logistics of even a year long winter.  How would I and everyone around me store enough food to last through a lost growing season?  Finally, at 2am, I gave up and crept out to my living room to read.<br /><br />I promised myself just a chapter or two, until I started to feel drowsy and then I'd head straight back to bed.  George R. R. Martin, I can't resist you!<br /><br />Unlike A Feast for Crows, this marks a return of several fan favorite characters, I was most concerned with Jon Snow and his brothers in black on the wall, so, for me, practically from the start, this book is amazing!<br /><br />Martin doesn't keep things to himself, there is a lot of meat to this story, but there is also a ton of backstory (something I usually hate) but with Martin, his conversational style of writing keeps the reader firmly along for the ride, wherever it may take them.<br /><br />But, this does lead me to my first criticism, too much is just too much.  Just like last time, new characters have been added and sadly, I don't think they add a whole lot to the story.  In Feast, Davos story, in my opinion, was pretty unnecessary, in this book, I'd add Quentyn Martell, prince of Dorne.  While his story is compelling and makes for some interesting situations, I don't see it adding that much to the overall storyline or to other characters in the book, namely, Daenerys Targaryen.<br /><br />Which brings me to the situations that my favoritest characters are now in, which I think, mostly is best summed up by quotes from the characters themselves.<br /><br />Here, there be spoilers;<br /><br />You've been warned!<br /><br />Jon Snow is in a difficult position as Commander of the Night's Watch which was pretty badly decimated after a battle with Mance Rayder, the King Behind the Wall. \\"Just who do you imagine that you are?\\" Stannis Baratheon asks Jon.  \\"The watcher on the walls.  The sword in the darkness,\\" he replies and this pretty much sums up the crap on a cracker that he is dealing with.  But Jon is smart and determined not to fail in this, the most important of duties and so holds his ground against anyone who'd try to stop him.  Which inevietably leads to friction and resentment, most notably with Janos Slynt.<br /><br />Janos Slynt - executioner and all around yuck guy is now in the Night's watch and he is clearly out to get Jon Snow, 'bastard son of the traitor Eddard Stark and an abomination.'  Well, karma is a bitch and Janos gets whats coming to him and darn if I didn't jump up and down with excitement.  He really was a nasty freak.<br /><br />Tyrion is more contemplative and sadly, noseless (you'll have to reread parts of the old books to find out why, I'd forgotten this bit).  Gone is the flippant schemer that we all love and in his place, Tyrion seems a bit tired, drunk (does he ever drink anything BESIDES wine?) and sad.  His murder of his father, while a memory he clearly cherishes is also a burden for him, he is the kinslayer.  Cersei has offered a bounty for his head and he is on the run without money, a first for him.  He has finally become what the people around him always saw, a useless halfman, who mutters his father's last words over and over again, 'where do whores go?<br /><br />Daenerys seems a bit muted.  She is a dragon queen, conquerer and yet she for most of the book, wavers over decisions almost to the point where the reader wants to jump into the book and shake her.  This is strange behavior indeed for Daenerys who has always struck me as a strong and forthright person who never hesitates and is always focused onher ultimate goal, the throne of Westeros.<br /><br />Oddly, after all my yearning for Jon and Dani, it's Bran's story that most captured my interest this time.  His odd little band of survivors was on a quest and every time the story switched to another character I was tempted to skip forward to read Bran again.<br /><br />I think a lot of people will complain that the story is too long, that not every little detail needs to be discussed and worried over,they'd be right, but then again, there was never a dull moment and I have to wonder if I'd like this series so much if Martin was a briefer writer.  Something else to think about are the volumes of characters, I had to look some up because I couldn't remember who they were, Varys, Shae, the brother and sister with Bran.  There are sooooo many people, I needed a book to keep this book straight.her ultimate goal, the throne of Westeros.<br /><br />Oddly, after all my yearning for Jon and Dani, it's Bran's story that most captured my interest this time.  His odd little band of survivors was on a quest and every time the story switched to another character I was tempted to skip forward to read Bran again.<br /><br />I think a lot of people will complain that the story is too long, that not every little detail needs to be discussed and worried over,they'd be right, but then again, there was never a dull moment and I have to wonder if I'd like this series so much if Martin was a briefer writer.  Something else to think about are the volumes of characters, I had to look some up because I couldn't remember who they were, Varys, Shae, the brother and sister with Bran.  There are sooooo many people, I needed a book to keep this book straight.
B000001E8S|5.0|The product arrived on schedule and very well packed! The transaction went smoothly without any problem. Hugs to all! The site is easy to use and has very good products.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|This album is filled with sheer muscial genius. Lyrics that go deeper than just the words. Vocals that have a range that can please fans from rock/alternative to jazz and R&B. I think it is a must have for any musical collector.
B004WKOCP8|1.0|Why can't we come back to the days of Morning view and Make Yourself??? I really think the turning point came in this band when they lost the bassist and had to get The Roots bass player. All the CDS since then have been garbage.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|The diamond coated sharper is great for serrated blades and general steel clean up edges . I dont use the Carbide much if any , nice ceramic sharper . Perfect 3 in 1 knife sharpener for a great price , Quality made for the price . A PLUS .    Tips don't sharpen until you have to . No point trying to sharpen a perfect blade , try it out on a older blades first and hone your skills .
B000001DTM|1.0|The CD was sent in a paper envelope. He arrived on time but damaged and the CD All That You Can Live Behind arrived damaged. You could have sent a more secure packaging. I did not approve.
B004BSFC6Y|5.0|Put these on my 3 month old son today and I've never seen him kick his little legs and feet with excitement so hard!  HE LOVES THEM!  About 2 hours later I noticed that he was staring at his feet when the socks were off.  This was the first time that he's actually FOUND his feet.  Highly recommend this item!
