B00000J7J4|3.0|After all the hype settles down this cd will be rated as ok but not the best he's done. Some of the older albums from the 1970s are better like welcome and borboletta. The book &quot;Soul Sacrifice - Santana Story&quot;  says the same thing so I agree with it. Santana had a better band in the  70s - if you've never heard them, you should.
1570427496|5.0|I bought this book for a trip I was taking to San Francisco, thinking that it would help pass the time on a long plane ride.  Once I started this book I could not put it down.  Nicholas Sparks paints a vivid picture that the  reader can't help but be drawn into.  An emotional attachment is created  between the reader and the characters.  I recommed this book to anyone who  believes in love, and especially to those who have maybe lost faith in it's  power.
0767821629|5.0|This is the best film from dark 'virtual reality' films such as Dark City and The Matrix. Combine the X-Files (atmosphere) with Dark City (concept) and you'll get a good idea what style The Thirteenth Floor has. <br />I was  expecting this to be a bit average when recommend to me by a friend, but I  found this to be an amazingly dark and excellent thiller. It's well thought  out and it hooked me more than anything I've seen for ages. The end has so  much impact as a revelation.<br />And as for the comment - he should be  horrified when he finds out? Well the fact was he was finding out gradually  as everything pointed to him. It all made sense eventually, but resulted in  a mix of a great sense of self worthlessness, confusion and anger, not  horror for those who found out the truth. Some films are too over the top  when handling this type of thing - this was spot on.
B000002GF8|5.0|When you begin to listen to this CD, you're amazed by the dynamics and energy radiated by the first 6 songs. You knit your eyebrows with &quot;O My God&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot; and &quot;Miss Gradenko&quot;, but these  are great songs, The Police finally forgot the monotonous reggae sound of  their earliest records and focused in the creation of new and good music,  based on their punk roots but adding effects and sounds never heard before.  Why no one likes &quot;Mother&quot;? It's like &quot;On The Run&quot; on  Floyd's &quot;Dark Side Of The Moon&quot; or &quot;Tomorrow Never  Knows&quot; on the Beatles' &quot;Revolver&quot;: very very weird, but it  gives a new perspective and meaning to the album and makes it worthwhile. I  think people that can't listen these tracks must purchase a &quot;Greatest  Hits&quot; album, the radio waves already made them a lot of harm.<br />Of  course, the latter tracks are also excellent, the singles  (&quot;Breath&quot;, &quot;Pain&quot; and &quot;Finger&quot;) make a big  contrast with the former tracks, and the atmosphere created by the sonic  textures of the songs moves the album into a new landscape, crafting the  spare (and today timeless) Police trademark, producing moods and feelings  rarely felt in 80's music and confirming this is the best record ever made  by Andy and Gordon Summers and Stewart Copeland.<br />Ah, don't forget the  astounding interplay of these musicians. Great drums, bass, guitar, and  keyboards! The singing and lyrics are also excellent, pretty dark but  lovely...<br />Why haven't you listened to it? Move on!
6305750750|1.0|Don't get me wrong, but this video is well worth 5 stars, maybe even more, but I had to take off 4 stars simply because it isn't available on DVD.  Lucas must be pretty greedy, if he's expecting everyone to buy it on tape  right now, than buy it again when it finally comes on DVD.  As if he isn't  rich!  That disappointed me when I found out that this movie isn't coming  on DVD, and I bet i'm not the only one.  Other than that, the movie is  great.  I'm still going to buy it on tape.
0684800713|1.0|Unfortunately, this is one of the worst books I have read in my lifetime.  In our English III Honors - American Literature class, this has been by far, the most boring book.  Although there were other books that we teenage readers could not identify with, some of them have been quite  enjoyable.<br />This book is the exception.  It is dull, nothing happens, the  dialogue is confusing and always pointless.  The spend a good part of the  book talking about nothing.  It's like watching Seinfield without anything  funny.<br />This book is so boring that the cliff notes are boring. <br />DO NOT  READ THIS BOOK UNLESS YOU HAVE TO FOR AN ASSIGNMENT.  THIS IS ONE OF  HEMINGWAY'S WORST WORKS.  READ &quot;FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS&quot;  INSTEAD!
6305750750|1.0|Come on George Lucas, quit being money hungry and just release this movie on DVD.  We all know that Lucas is only wanting people to buy it on tape now, than have to buy it all over again on DVD in a few months or years.   Come on, this movie was meant to be in the DVD format, quit witholding it!   Other than that not so minor complaint, the movie is great, and I  definitely WILL NOT buy it until it's released on DVD.  I aint that dumb.   I'm not going to buy the same movie twice.
0553277472|1.0|I don't know if it's the philosophical subject matter, the slow pace of the prose or the motorcycle theme, but I kept actually falling asleep while reading this book! It must be rewarding to finish it, but I am afraid I  will never get there because it's just not worth my time.
B00000J7JO|5.0|One of the most popular bands of the 90's  releases their first album in 4 years, and boy was it worth the wait. Their famous rap - rock sound is still present but on a lower key. The 2nd song and the gem of the album is  called &quot;parellal universe&quot; , in which Anthony Kiedis keeps the  vocals coming while Flea rocks on the bass. The first two singles  &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; (which won a grammy) and  &quot;otherside&quot;(which stayed on the top of the modern rock charts for  a couple weeks) are the other great songs on the album. Also the title  track &quot;Californication&quot; has a mellow vibe to it that almost  anyone could enjoy. If you like the alternative sound especially from this  group, buy this album. If you're looking for soft rock try it you might  just like it.
0385473788|5.0|Anne Frank was like a flower, growing, budding... but she dies. Remembrance of her comes back through her life written story, in her diary, and her &quot;flower&quot; comes back. This diary was all that she had left, all that she could feel, and experience. She made the best of a bad  situation. I don't know if I could have done the same as she did...  keep  my cool and go forward, not knowing what the future would bring. Anyone who  would find this book boring, I would bet, is very self-centered and cannot  fathom what it would be like to be in someone else's position. By the way,  I saw the movie years ago with all its sights and sounds. Very graphic.  This book is a must for any human who cares about others.
B00000J7JO|5.0|One of the most popular bands of the 90's  releases their first album in 4 years, and boy was it worth the wait. Their famous rap - rock sound is still present but on a lower key. The 2nd song and the gem of the album is  called &quot;parellal universe&quot; , in which Anthony Kiedis keeps the  vocals coming while Flea rocks on the bass. The first two singles  &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; (which won a grammy) and  &quot;otherside&quot;(which stayed on the top of the modern rock charts for  a couple weeks) are the other great songs on the album. Also the title  track &quot;Californication&quot; has a mellow vibe to it that almost  anyone could enjoy. If you like the alternative sound especially from this  group, buy this album. If you're looking for soft rock try it you might  just like it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS 100% AMAZING!  IF U LIKE BANDS LIKE NIRVANA AND KORN THEN U HAVE GOT TO GET THIS ALBUM...<br />IF U LIKE 'ALL THE SMALL THINGS' THEN HALF OF THE TRACKS OR AS GOOD OR BETTER THAN THAT! <br />U HAVE GOT TO GET THIS   ALBUM, IT ROCKS!
0380973642|4.0|Loved &quot;Neverwhere&quot; -  a really fun idea, skilfully wrought (though sadly butchered into a truly Godawful TV adaptation), also &quot;Good Omens&quot; and (especially) Gaiman's  rendition of the Mr.  Punch mythos. I don't read a lot of fiction, but I'm definitely drawn to  dark fantasy; Neil Gaiman ranks alongside Steven King as a storyteller and  nearly matches Clive Barker as a wordsmith. &quot;Smoke and Mirrors&quot; =  very cool stuff.
B00001U0DP|5.0|I am not yet a mother, but this movie gave me a glimpse of the truly UNCONDITIONAL love that a parent has for child.  After watching this movie, I was so touched that I couldn't speak without tears filling my eyes.  I  watched the movie in the dubbed English, DVD version.  This movie was  incredibly touching.  I was stunned that Roberto Begnini's character was  able to put on a &quot;happy&quot; face for his child throughout the   torture he was going through.  This was truly and inspiration.  The  holocaust was a very poor example of the evil in this world, but yet this  movie helps to show that even amidst the evil, the love of a Father to a  child is without change, just as our relationship with our Heavenly Father.   See this movie, it will change your life.
6303212379|3.0|The Goonies (1985) Dir,Richard Donner Starring, Josh Brolin,Corey Feldman,Sean Astin , Martha Plimpton , Keri Green. A group of goons attempt to enjoy ,what could be their last adventure together. They find a treasure  map , and investigate in what  could be hidden treasure from the Spanish   Armada, but there is one crucial flaw, The  Frattelis' a family of   ex-cons,who discover their plan and attmept to claim the treasure for their  own. This movie definitely epitomizes teen life in the 80's and will  hopefully grab the attention of a new audience.Definitely not  dated,spectacular sets,effects,backdrops.A bit to much yelling  though! but  thats the goons for you !  Recomendations Indiana Jones 1,2,3. (1980-89)  Stand By Me (1986) Masters of the Universe (1985) Hook (1993) Star Wars  (1977-00) Just to name a few. Mark Phillip Stassen .
0394800389|5.0|This is one of the funniest books ever written.  If you can read this out loud and not laugh, you must be dead.  Kids and adults love it.  Dr Suess was a genius.
0812035453|4.0|this might at first be a tough book to understand but this version makes it all the most better to read and comprehend!<br />its a must buy, plus its Shakespeare's final play and its his way of saying good-bye to his  audience!
B0000029DD|5.0|Definitely one of the best albums of the 90's.  The songs, the vocals, the instrumentation, the production, all about as stunning as humanly possible.  (and, with the vocals, maybe sometimes beyond!)  Shimmering, melancholic,  wistful, youthfully arrogant and angry, all these apply.  In a way, the  world is better off without him...the standards he set with Grace alone  were too high for the rest of the world to ever catch up to.
B00000D9TQ|4.0|I usually listen to R&amp;B and Hip-Hop, but I've always liked Phil Collins. This CD is a great buy for those of us who just want to relax every now and then with a good CD. I was only a little disappointed that In  Too Deep wasn't on there, but I guess now I'll just have to purchase  Invisible Touch to get it. If you like Genesis, or just Phil Collins, this  CD is definitely worth the money.
6305750750|2.0|The Prologic Sound Track is very good. I wish I could say the same for the video quaility. The colors are washed out and the picture is grainy. It's below average when compared to other video tapes. The ending credits are so  fuzzy it's difficult to read them.<br />I should have held off for the DVD.  This wasn't worth it. :(
B00001NFCY|2.0|disapointing.Only one good song which is higher
0060977493|3.0|Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things is an exciting book that can have a lot of meaning or no meaning at all to the reader. I felt that the book was worth reading and was not half as bad as I thought it would be. At the  beginning I was a bit confused and even annoyed at the writing style. As  the book progressed, however, I got used to the writing style and began to  enjoy it. By the end of the novel I realized that I had liked the book  after all.   Roy's writing style is very unique and original, this is  probably why it received the Booker Prize. Although there was no real plot  or point to the story, I enjoyed the book. The odd descriptions of the  people in the book was very interesting and at times humorous. The way she  portrayed people by describing them, such as &quot;Sleepy eyes and a  surprised puff looked back at Ammu&quot;(Roy 142). Roy's spelling and  italicizing of words seems completely random to the amateur reader, but  when analyzed has great meaning to the story of the novel.  The family in  the novel seems very out of the ordinary, but the issues make for a great  story. The way that the events are placed in the novel are confusing at  first and then become easier to understand towards the end.   All of  the characters in the novel had their own unique personality, which also  enhanced the novel and made it more interesting to read. The relationships  in the novel were very odd and not expected in society of that time, even  in today's society; it probably would be out of the norm.   In my own  opinion I felt that The God of Small Things was a good novel and is  definitely worth reading if you are in the mood for something different.
6305603847|4.0|I can only sum this DVD up by saying one thing: I spent two hours watching the supplemental material before actually watching the movie.  The huge variety of choices afforded the viewer (captions of lyrics or of the  dialogue, other special features) makes this movie a must have for Pink  Floyd Fans. The colors in the transfer is exceptionally bright and graphic,  in fact, I would have to say even people who hated Pink Floyd would have to  compliment the quality of the sound and video and the scope of the  additional material added to the DVD.
B00000JGOH|3.0|I found this movie to be very cute and funny but nothing more. It didnt deserve all the oscars it got and the fact that it won Saving Private Ryan in the battle for best picure award makes me angry. Although it is  overrated it is still a clever film and the cast is really good especially  Geoffrey Rush in a comedy sidekick role that he makes 100% memorable.  Shakespeare in love is overall a decent film but no masterpiece, far from  it actually.
6305750750|1.0|If you have a DVD player, DO NOT BUY THIS VHS. Rent it. Trust me. It's a waste of money. I did not remember how blurry VHS is. It is so blurry you can NOT read the credits! This is supposed to be Dolby Pro-logic? There are  better effects on TV X-files. Lets all wait 10 years for Star Wars to come  on DVD (for digital picture and sound). This VHS is a complete waste of  money. This rating has nothing to do with the content, just the  presentation!
B00004S35Z|5.0|One of Stevies best. Its difficult not to start moving when you here Boogie on Reggae Woman, and then youve got some beautiful calmer songs as well; It aint no Use, They wont go when I go etc. Its up there with the  some other Wonder-albums of the 70s, like Songs in the Key of Life,  Innervisions, Talking Book and Music of my Mind. Doesnt get much better.
B00003Q438|5.0|&quot;The Abyss-Special Edition&quot; shows off the capabilities of DVD. There are over 3 hours of extra features including two &quot;Making Of&quot; documentaries. The best feature of this disc however is that you  have the option to watch either the theatrical version of the film or the  171 minute director's cut, both on the same disc. I can only hope that when  other studios bring out movies on DVD they can put a much time and effort  in to their DVD's as 20th Century Fox put in to this disc.
0930289234|5.0|This is one of those things that stick in your head.  After you finish it, you just keep on thinking about what you've read.  I wonder what people would have thought about this if it were in an established art.  Unfortunately, (pretentious) people look down there noses at this.  Their  huge loss.  There's some amazing stuff here done with the art form.  Something to check out: in Chapter 5, go to the very middle of the issue.  The two pages are symmetrical, flip both pages, and notice they mirror the  opposite pages, and so on.  This would be extremely difficult to do, and  yet it works so smoothly that you don't even notice.  But that's one of the  great things about this.  You notice new things every time you read it.  New nuances to characters, more recurring images (liked the tainted smiley  faces, erotic silhouettes, the Veidt logos, and symmetrical pictures).  This has some of the best use of foreshadowing ever.  You don't realize  that this story fits together like a puzzle until the ending.  The ending  which will shock, haunt, and amaze you.  Moore is something of a god to me.  Watchmen is a big reason why.  Comic fans (and even people familiar with  comics) will enjoy this more than anyone; there are various bits that will  intrigue and humor the comic fan, but will go unnoticed.  What this story  is about, Moore says, is how superheroes are simple answers to complex  problems.  Watchmen's superheroes are complex problems themselves.  A  masterpiece and a true piece of art, Watchmen just rocks.<br />Oh, and I  digged the art.  The coloring fit the story perfectly, and Dave Gibbon's  pencils (which Moore always contributes to) are dynamic, offbeat.
B0000048V8|5.0|I agree with the other reviews, but would like to point out that there is currently a CD with the soundtrack available, to those of you who want it.  We purchased it in England; perhaps Amazon.uk has it?<br />Also, it is not  *just* a Christmas story -- it is an eternal story, and being Jewish and  not celebrating Christmas has not stopped us from enjoying it one bit.
B00000J2KR|5.0|One of those perfect films.  I think this movie, along with Clockwork Orange, best capture Kubrick's love of visualizing stories and music.
B00000IQMT|5.0|I first bought the Phantom Menace CD last summer when I was seeing the movie about twice a week.  I've never been much of classical music fan, but I was utterly blown away by the TPM soundtrack. I listen to it constantly  still, nearly 9 months later.  I never get tired of it.  I still listen to  everytime I do my cardio at the gym! On my initial listen I loved high  intensity Duel of the Fates, The Droid invasion, etc.  But now I love the  slower, sweeping, lush and textured notes of Anakin's theme, Watto's Deal  and Kids at Play and others. In fact, I quite prefer it over the original  soundtrack trilogy (which I purchased last fall.)  It's a kinder, gentler,  more emotionally impacting soundtrack. I can't help but remember that great  Phantom Menace summer of '99 when listening to this soundtrack.<br />This  soundtrack alone has turned me on to a whole new world -- classical music.   I love it.  So thank you, Mr. Williams, for introducing me to a brand new  and exciting world (especially one Ralph Vaughan Williams.)  I am forever  indebted.<br />If I could change one thing, it would be the cut and paste way  it was put together.  I echo the sentiments of others who want their  complete DOUBLE CD in the order it was during the movie!
B000002H72|5.0|I tell ya, no better album has come out since Doolittle.  No band has been better than the Pixies.  Rock me, Joe.  The Pixies are more pop-ish than people think.  No. 13 Baby (my favorite song here) has a chorus that people  could dance to in beer commercials It's just that the general pop crowd  wouldn't appreciate it.  So they've become somewhat of a huge cult band,  and like Velvet Underground, only the hip know about them (though I've  never met a person that didn't particularly like either band).  There's no  filler here.  Every song was handled with care and sprinkled with genius.   Silver is the only song I don't like on this, but it's unique and such.  If  you haven't heard the Pixies... man, you're missing out.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Eyes Wide Shut is not an easy film. It is not for those who search for an evening of nice entertainment guaranteed by two ever-cute stars (Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise). It is not a thriller, neither an erotic drama, as  the hype that preceded the film might have suggested; rather, it is a  chillingly disturbing sensory experience that can only be fully appreciated  by letting it absorb you into its strange world. <br />The film tells a story  of a man wandering the nightly streets of New York, haunted by his wife's  confession that she has fantasized about another man. However, the plot is  not important here; what counts are the themes it raises. Eyes Wide Shut  seems to appeal to viewer's senses through its erotic imagery, yet it is an  ice-cold, analytical study of sexuality and the lack of communication in a  relationship. It examines the way that sexuality and emotions are connected  or disconnected maybe more powerfully than any other film has done before.  <br />The nightly journey of Cruise's character is a frightening and wonderful  one, and could rather be seen as a journey through man's subconscious than  a physical journey on the streets of New York that we see. It is a  beautiful nightmare that remains inside the viewer for a long time  afterwards. <br />Personally, I have rarely been as impressed by any film as I  was by Kubrick's Eyes Wide Shut. It reminded me of David Lynch's Blue  Velvet, which also left me speechless and made me look at the world in a  whole new way. It is truly unfortunate for this masterpiece to have been  misunderstood by so many reviewers and viewers. I believe time will gain it  the place it deserves in the film history: the brilliant testament of a  genious filmmaker who knew how to get the best out of two actors whose  careers have mostly been driven forward by their star images, when they  (especially Kidman) have so much more to give.
044022425X|5.0|I haven't read Drums of Autumn yet, but I HAVE read the preceding three novels in this series. I don't want the author to cut any corners on the rest of the series, but I sure can't wait to read them all!  This is truly  the BEST time travel series I have ever read, and I have  read a lot of  them.
6305750750|1.0|A film worthy of the 'Star Wars' name, but alas, it will not find its way in to this movie lovers library. To ignore the DVD consumer with this film is nothing short of a slap in the face.<br />With Mr Lucas' crusade to make  movies their most enjoyable in both sight and sound, it is inconceivable  that he would choose to ignore DVD and opt rather for the inferior platform  of VHS. <br />It is for these reasons that I refuse to purchase this film on  VHS and strongly encourage all other DVD owners to do the same. We are a  growing (the fastest growing in media history! ) segment of the home video  population. Please do not forsake us. <br />In parting, I say to Mr Lucas,  congratulations on another science fiction masterpiece, I look forward to  watching it the way it was meant to be seen and heard.
B000002UDB|5.0|THE PUBLIC HAS SPOKEN LOUD AND CLEAR ON THIS ONE. STRAWBERRY FIELDS FOREVER,ONE OF THE TOP 100 SONGS OF THE ROCK ERA. HELLO GOODBYE, NO 1 IN BRITAIN 7 WEEKS IN A ROW, LIKEWISE A STRONG CHARTTOPPER IN AMERICA. ALL YOU  NEED IS LOVE, ANOTHER NO 1 BOTH SIDES OF THE ATLANTIC. I AM THE WALRUS,  ANOTHER GROUNDBREAKER BY THE MASTERS. AND FINALLY, ANOTHER MUTIMILLION  SELLER WHICH STILL SELLS IN MASIVE AMOUNTS TODAY. AND BY THE WAY,NOBODY  LISTENS TO A ALBUM COVER, THEY LISTEN TO WHAT'S INSIDE! EXILE ON MAIN  STREET IS A GOOD EXAMPLE.
6300183971|3.0|I have just recently finished the book Dune, and found it to be one of the greatest works of science fiction I have ever read!  Normally I do not read outlandish material that is out in the market today, yet I once I finished  the book, I had to see the movie.      The film had a great cast of actors  that portrayed their roles wonderfully.  Yet some of them were not what I  had expected, considering the pre-knowledge of the book.       My major  disappointment I had found was the changes to the plot the reduction of  important descriptions and the expansions of material not in the book.     Over all the movie was worth seeing I just wish some directors and  producers could stick to the original plot!
B00000J7J4|4.0|Although the earlier Santana recordings were less pop influenced this album has a lot of amazing songs, like &quot;Love of My life&quot; with Dave Matthews.  &quot;Smooth&quot; is a great song but by no means the best  track.  The popularity of Rob Thomas has overshadowed the more musically  noteworthy performances by Dave Matthews and most importantly Carlos  Santana
B000002UVZ|5.0|This was the first REM album I every thoroughly listened to, and I still think it's their best.  From the rock masterpieces like &quot;Begin the Begin&quot; and &quot;These Days&quot; to the grace of &quot;Cuyahoga&quot;  &quot;Fall On Me&quot; and &quot;What If We Give It Away&quot; to the wierd  but cool &quot;Just A Touch&quot; and &quot;Superman&quot; this album has  no equal.  In addition, LRP hits on the 3 major types of REM songs,  pre-Berry departure ; jangle pop, hard rock, and soft ballads.  If you've a  friend that dosen't like REM (don't we all!), just loan them this album for  a week.  Life's Rich Pagent is a sleeper for sure, but nevertheless REM's  finest work.
630575067X|3.0|After viewing the movie in the Theatre, and yes I will purchase on VHS to complete my Star Wars Video Collection, I must say the movie was overated and over-hyped in the media for advertising, etc. It can never take the  place of the thrill and excitement of the &quot;original&quot; Star Wars  nor did it come close. There were good fight scenes and good effects but I  felt disconnected from the characters. I'm sure you will enjoy this movie  as a good average SCI-FI movie but it's not on the same level as the  original Star Wars - so don't get your hopes up.
B00000064F|5.0|Although many of my friends have at times made disparaging comments about Nick Drake and my obsession with him (&quot;Music to kill yourself by&quot;, &quot;change the music - I'm falling asleep&quot;, etc), I have  been listening to him consistently for around ten years - he is one artist  that will never fade onto the bottom shelves of the CD holder.  Bryter  Layter is what I would call &quot;good Sunday morning music&quot;, with a  mostly upbeat sound and cheerful flavor (for the most part -  &quot;Fly&quot; is an exception, of course).  A little &quot;bryter&quot;  than his other albums (all of which are excellent beyond compare), but  still hauntingly pretty in melody and instrumentation, not to mention  Nick's soft voice reminding the listener of the essential frailty of the  human condition.  Although I've seen it said of many albums rated here, for  the Nick Drake fan, there really ARE no bad cuts on this album.  Those who  have never heard Nick are in for a treat with this album.  Although I know  of no other artist who can be compared to Nick Drake in terms of musical  style and talent (in terms of composition and creativity with the guitar),  those who like Pentangle and/or Luna might want to add this album to their  shopping cart.  Nick Drake comes highly recommended - you will not be  disappointed.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This record isn't just a CD, like many of you consider it to be. It is a medium to show us the dark world Marilyn Manson lives in and the commercial world we live in. On the surface it looks like it is a fair &amp; happy  world, but underneath the normal vision lies an even darker, more hatefull  &amp; hard world. This record is a portal which you must experience for  yourself. The lyrics are a way to  show us what's wrong about both worlds.  Why does everybody say it is shocking? Because deep in their soul they know  everything is true, but they want to run away from everything that's  beneath the surface, to make their world better. But while the surface  remains clean, the underworld gets filthier. Don't let it get stronger, and  let the weak humans live their meaningless, but happy lives until the  underworld destroys the surface.<br />Return to reality.  <br />Don't rate this  record, listen to it. It doesn't matter if it's legal or copied, the portal  is what counts.
B00000IPAX|5.0|this cd is awesome!  the songs are hilarious and they get stuck in your head forever!  tom delonge is really hott too!  if you don't have this cd you should go out and buy it today because you will love it!
1878424114|5.0|I love that book, i do spells with it and it accually works. once i did a spell to stop my dads back from hurting and it worked. Thank god i bought that book.
6303234844|5.0|This is by far Peter's Finest work of Art. He has captured the Full Emotional Depth of each and every song, Visually as well as Audibly.  Simply ask my daughter whom knows all the words to all the songs. Where as  most kids watch &quot;Barney&quot;, (ha ha), mine watches  &quot;Peter&quot;, she has her own Video &amp; CD, because at age 7, I  don't want her to wear Mine out.  PS; This is a MUST Have Video, hurry up  with the DVD...Peter-what will you do next!
B00000J8EK|5.0|Wow, what can I say?  I got this last year and I'm still playing it to death now.  It's got something for everyone, from acid-bathed stompers (Hey Boy Hey Girl) to blissful chill-out tracks (Asleep From Day) to  shake-your-head breakbeat (Let Forever Be).  My favourite, though (and the  main reason I bought the thing), has to be Out Of Control.  With a killer  bassline, whiplash drums and a scorching vocal from Bernard 'the voice'  Sumner, it's the musical equivalent of an adrenaline shot straight to the  heart.  It's the one I keep playing - my favourite Chems track.  I don't  like Under The Influence or Dream On but apart from that it's top.  Ignore  the bad reviews here and BUY IT NOW, otherwise you'll be missing out on a  truly classic album.
B00001QGPR|5.0|i am a fan of almost all of bowie's work 70's till present. i even like &quot;china girl&quot;, unfortunately, ahhhhh haha... but even, as a non-bowie fan you can appreciate this albulm. i have gotten one of my  friends (who was not particularly familiar bowie) to listen to this cd and  he liked it a lot. i do too. i think all the song's are well-crafted,  imaginative and very listenable. reeves gabrel is the best collaborator  bowie has had in years. he is not only an excellent guitarist but he is  very creative in his playing style. standout tracks: &quot;the  dreamers&quot;, &quot;survive&quot;, &quot;seven&quot; and &quot;thursday's  child&quot;. i think these song rank with the best of bowie's song ...  right up there with &quot;five years&quot;, &quot;rock and roll  suicide&quot;, &quot;seven years in tibet&quot;, &quot;heroes&quot;, etc.  etc. buy this albulm!
B000002LCK|5.0|I've had a thing for New Order for years but it's only over the past couple of months that I've got into them properly and it was thanks to this.  I don't like the 2nd disc at all but I've got the 1st one on as I'm  writing (True Faith is playing: it's my favourite tune of theirs.  I'll be  having it at my funeral, definitely!).  For a while after I got this for my  birthday, I was waking up at night with the songs going round in my head.   New Order are the only band who've ever had that kind of effect on me.   Can't wait for their new album (due out at the end of the year if all goes  according to plan, last I heard).  Anyway, buy this now or else!
B00001QGPR|5.0|i am a fan of almost all of bowie's work 70's till present. i even like &quot;china girl&quot;, unfortunately, ahhhhh haha... but even, as a non-bowie fan you can appreciate this albulm. i have gotten one of my  friends (who was not particularly familiar bowie) to listen to this cd and  he liked it a lot. i do too. i think all the song's are well-crafted,  imaginative and very listenable. reeves gabrel is the best collaborator  bowie has had in years. he is not only an excellent guitarist but he is  very creative in his playing style. standout tracks: &quot;the  dreamers&quot;, &quot;survive&quot;, &quot;seven&quot; and &quot;thursday's  child&quot;. i think these song rank with the best of bowie's song ...  right up there with &quot;five years&quot;, &quot;rock and roll  suicide&quot;, &quot;seven years in tibet&quot;, &quot;heroes&quot;, etc.  etc. buy this albulm!
6302529867|5.0|Spectacular footage and intense scences make this one of my favorite movies. Wish it was available on DVD!
0517122707|5.0|This is one of those books which has everything to be consider a classic!  It was wonderfully written, the description of the characters and places where the story takes place is brilliant. And the best part is  that you can't but laugh out loud all along while you're reading this book.  This kind of humor can only be found in great authors such as J.D.Salinger  himself. This book has everything...a great plot, lovable characters, and  madness all over it.
B0000399WC|4.0|An extremely well done video transfer to DVD, especially for a movie of this age. Some newer movie transfers to DVD have a lot of scratches and blotches. Some interesting documentaries featuring the person the movie was  based on. Probably the best value on DVD around.
630575067X|4.0|This is a three star movie that earns an extra star just for having the STAR WARS majic.  Not the best in the series (Empire), but not the worst(Jedi).  Special effects were great, however they were used too often.   It also felt like Lucas was trying to cash in on the old sereis by having  cameo's for R2D2 and C3PO.  Here's a hint, people want to see new stuff  (i.e. how the empire came into being, the Sith, Obi-Wan, downfall of the  Jedi council, etc...) and not re-hash the old series.  In the end, the  flaws in the movie were outnumbered by great actors and that old STAR WARS  majic.
0374172897|5.0|This is such a clever book.  I loved the way the characters are molded after the characters in Mrs. Dalloway.  I believe the characters of Richie and Laura are also a reference to the Laura and Richie characters on the old Dick Van Dyke show.  This is perfect irony.  The Laura and Richie in the book are striving to be the perfect Laura and Richie of TV land but real life intrudes as it does for everyone in this wonderful book.  END
0061002860|5.0|I have to admit that though I love Christie novels, I can be pretty tough on them. But this one was really breath-taking. The murderer's identity hits you like a ton of bricks, and Agatha Christie thinks up such a  thrilling, original solution to an original book that many writers could  only dream of. Don't neccessary judge by what other people may say about  it's being boring. They don't like the intriguing &quot;death in the  parlor&quot; type books, which is fine, but I can only say one thing- I 've  never been less bored in my life!
B00000J8EK|4.0|the cd has some excellent sounds that mke you want to get up and dance sometimes, but you'll definetely find some excellent clasics on this one. its got a good &quot;happy vibe&quot; that makes even bad days seem  bearable. if you wan to hear more of their work try Wipeout 3 for the  Playstation, track 10. &quot;Under the Influence&quot;
B000002BHE|5.0|This cd is the best Celine has ever made!  I think it's really worth buying and anyone who wants to purchase it shouldn't hesitate to do so.  My personal favorites are &quot;it's all coming back to me now&quot; and  &quot;falling into you&quot;.  I also loved the one that goes &quot;you  were my eyes when i couldn't see...&quot;.  I forgot the title!  Okay,  anywayz, if you think Celine Dion's other cd's are good, this one's better!   BUY THE BEST!  K, cya!
B00003CWOL|4.0|That was the review in a local paper, and after seeing the movie I wholeheartedly agree. It is funny, brilliant at times, yet so full of overwhelmingly grade-B filmmaking that it should have made the movie  unwatchable. To watch this movie and enjoy it, you will need not only a  sense of humor about religion, but also a complete willingness to laugh at  the movie itself... it cries out for it. Armed with both these things, it  may be impossible not to like this movie.
0790733226|3.0|Conceptually, it sounds like an incredible story.  And it is.  However, the war mongering NSA guy, the  new age holyman, and the incredibly self assured scientist are just way too stereotypical to be taken seriously.   Maybe if the characters involved were a bit more real, rather than comical.   I don't know if this was based on a book or not (I haven't read many  reviews), but I would definitely give the concept huge thumbs up.  It was  definitely a believable approach to the concept of &quot;contact&quot;.
B000002LRX|5.0|Faith No More.  Three words guaranteed to provoke some sort of response, either a numb-brained &quot;oh yeah, the hip-hop metal band&quot;, or an informed &quot;the very eclectic gentlemen musicians&quot;.  Having  garnered an international reputation on the back of 'The Real Thing', the  pressure was on the band to deliver an album of literally stadium  proportions.  And they did, but with a superbly oblique sense of humour,  and an amazing mastery of melody.  Starting with the sinister circus dance  of 'Land Of Sunshine', complete with fortune-cookie/Church of Scientology  lyrics, and ending with an inspired cover of the theme from the film  'Midnight Cowboy', Angel Dust never once ceases to amaze and enthrall in  equal measure.  Mike Patton (without doubt the most talented vocalist of  his generation ; how many opera singers can also do grindcore growls?)  displays his supremely capricious style with a personality unique to music,  and it would be a fair assessment to say that Faith No More would be half  the band they are without his prodigious creativity.  Not to take away from  their collectively fantastic musicianship, but Mike really brings the songs  to life.  'Caffeine' displays the then-revolutionary song structure taken  for granted these days by the 'nu-metal', but none of the new faux-psychos  (the nearest would be Corey from Slipknot) can quite match Mike's unnerving  appeals to 'relax, it's just a phase', nor can they open up such a song  into the multi-dimensional masterpiece that it is.  But Caffeine is nothing  compared to the following track 'Midlife Crisis'.  Quite simply genius.   Mike gibbering his lyrics over a classic FNM keyboard line, with a suitably  hypnotic drum tattoo and bass line underscoring Jim Martin's 70's riffs  succeeds in constructing a timeless song for the ages.  The epic sounding  'Smaller and Smaller' incorporates Native Indian chanting alongside Beavis  and Butthead laughing in perfect harmony.  The poppy sounding 'Everything's  ruined' gives a chart single with a social conscience.  'Malpractice' bears  the distinctive mantle of being one of the few songs in the world that  incorporates almost every kind of music in the world into a sub-4 minute  song about a patient's fetish for having surgeon's hands inside her body.   Quite how they managed this considerable feat only proves their vast  abilities.  'Be Aggressive' charts the progress of a homosexual act, except  that there is a cheerleader chant in the background, which you will be  humming to yourself for days.  'A Small Victory' yields yet another  potential single, complete with Michael Jackson-esque whooping scattered  throughout.  The James Bond stylings of 'Crack Hitler' could really be used  as the soundtrack to a spy film, and the lyrics have nothing to do with  drugs, except for the spoken word bit near the end.  The last FNM song on  the album, 'Jizzlobber' is a truly psychotic work, with frenetic keyboards  playing around the processed riff, and Mike giving it hell with some  seriously powerful vocal work.  Metallica fans will notice the similarity  between the middle bit of this song, and 'One'.  As either an ode to  masturbation, or just celebration in general, it ends with a camply-epic  orchestral finale, truly a Faith No More moment.     The albums influence  on later bands (particularly the so-called 'nu-metal')was immeasurable, but  in terms of quality it is far in excess of any of them.  Some called this  Faith No More's final classic moment, but as much as I agree that it is a  classic, FNM were consistent to the bitter, yet paradoxical end.  It's a  damned shame that they are gone.  The world will be a less fun place  without them.
630575067X|2.0|Seems like George Lucas got everything right in this prequel except the most fundamental levels of film storytelling:  Acting and scripting.<br />What we have here is an incredibly stiff, paratactic script with minimal  thought, lost in all the terms, names and sight gags, but without any  degree of depth whatsoever.  I thought C-3PO was already an annoying  character, but Lucas one-upped him with the insufferable Jar Jar  Binks...and you thought the Ewoks were bad!  The jokes are juvenile and  come at the most inopportune times and most of the supporting characters  are irritating, seething masses, pale excuses for either hero or villain.   Lucas also seems to have lost touch with narrative; The Phantom Menace is  nothing more than a series of events barely set up, anticipated, or allowed  to breathe; the lack of sophistication in plot development often makes this  film feel like a sitcom.  Actually, even sitcoms tend to have better  plotting than this.  The only emotional impact this film ever achieves is  because of the editing and visceral effects -- the pod race is absolutely  thrilling, and the three-personed light-sabre duel at the climax is  extraordinary action filmmaking...however, Lucas makes some rotten choices  in storytelling even at the climax.  Do we *really* want to cut back to  another 10-year-old-humoured Jar Jar Binks gag right after Qui-Gon is  killed?  Why release the tension of Queen Amidala's near-capture just when  all the heroes seem on the verge of defeat (always a good  cliffhanger)?<br />Worse of all, there's an abundance of poor performances in  this film.  The Jedi Knights work well enough, with Liam Neeson adding his  signature grace to an under-developed character, and Ewan McGregor fares  surprisingly well as young Obi-Wan.  Darth Maul, quietly menacing and  extremely physical (all of his movements have a supernatural fluidity  that's a joy to watch), could've used much, much more screen time, but at  least he makes for a good opponent.  If only he'd been more present in the  rest of the film.<br />Counteracting these good personnel are a skin-deep  Natalie Portman performance (where's Carrie Fisher when you need her?);  hammed-up voice work for the puppet characters, droids and villains; and  the most terrible blow to the movie -- Anakin Skywalker.  This has to be  one of the most vomit-inducing, cutesy, fake, shallow child-actor  performances I've ever seen.  The gushing blond-kid thing may work in a  children's film, but against the larger-than-life world of Star Wars, he's  a 12-inch thorn.  And *this* is supposed to be young Darth Vader?  Whenver  Lucas lets the kid loose in one of his &quot;oops&quot;, &quot;uh-oh&quot;  antics, I feel like I'm watching Home Alone.  Not a pleasant sensation at  all, and it certainly makes both the kid's supposed sacrifice (completely  unconvincing)  What this character needed was an edge of darkness; in the  same year Haley Joel Osment dazzled with his haunted performance in The  Sixth Sense, this desecration of the Anakin character is especially  blasphemous.  And from the original creator of the Star Wars series, to  boot.<br />The action sequences were wonderful; if only Lucas had paid  attention to the human truths and emotional sophistication of the script.
B0000028UK|5.0|Many people think of Ten as the deffinitive Pearl Jam album and compare all others to it. Vs is by far the better album and deserves a lot more recognition than it is given. Rats and Glorified G are fantastic songs for  all time
6305750750|3.0|With a movie that is all about special effects, the only way tosee it is the WIDESCREEN version.  People who buy the PAN AND SCANversion that is fitted to your television will miss millions of dollars in digital landscapes.  It's like missing parts of a painting. And with a thin plot and almost zero character development you will need all the eye candy available to you to get through THE PHANTOM MENACE.  Not exactly as much fun as watching Luke, Leia, and Han race against time to get rid of all-time baddie Darth Vader -- infact, this movie comes nowhere near the original trilogy's charm which was as much about the great young cast as the special effects.  Now 22 years later we get computer effects that make your jaw drop, and a bunch of actors lost in a blue screen.  But for what it's worth -- it's an amusing ride, if not all that the original was.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I did like the cd, but there were very few songs that had actual emotion and meaning to them.  It seemed like most of the songs were about nothing.  I think I'm just disapointed because I know that this band has great talent  and can do better.
B00004RHZU|5.0|IF YOU LIKE TIGHT BEATS A GREAT VOCALS THEN THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR YOU. AFTER LISTENING TO THE ALBUM I BELIEVE THAT THERE YOU GO IS ONE OF THE WORST SONGS ON THE ALBUM. NOT TO SAY THE SONG IS BAD BUT THE OTHERS ARE  JUST THAT GREAT. THERE IS NO RISK AT ALL BUYING THIS CD IT IS ONE OF THE  BEST THIS YEAR.
B000002MY3|3.0|I thought it was a cool CD full of anger and hatred. But What really got to me was that Alanis was really depressing, her music didn't have even an ounce of positivity in it.  Well there are some good songs like Head Over  Feet, and Hand In My Pocket but those songs were so overplayed at least for  me whenever I heard them they made me sick.  I did like the song Perfect it  reminds me of my own life its a great song but the CD needs some work. As  for Alanis I have nothing against her I think shes great she just makes me  feel melancholy when I listen to her songs.
6305718954|4.0|I found this to be a very intense film.  The special effects are fantastic, especially the fire that doesn't consume.  The reference to the Gospels of St. Thomas, found in 1949, bases it enough in reality for me.   If you're a Christian already, this movie may make you re-think how you  worship.  If you're not, you may re-think your lack of faith.  Oh, and  Gabriel Byrne's acting brilliant as usual.
1558807381|5.0|Legend is a movie with graphics in it that would not start getting used in film till abotu ten years from then.  It is the ultimate movie.  I still to this day will watch it, then dream of unicorns and magic its awesome.
0395645662|1.0|I didnt like The Giver. It was a boring book and I thought itwould be better.I didnt like the theme of the story. It was confusingand it was boring. I thought it would have been better. Well this is my opinion on The Giver book .... Have Fun Reading~~!
014028009X|5.0|I got this book as a gift.  I laughed out loud reading it.  Bridget is scattered, but so real life.  She writes all those neurotic things we all think!  I really could identify with her.  I ran out to buy the sequel and  loved it even more!
6305750750|5.0|The absolute best charactor in this flick was Qui-Gon. Yet, with his demise, there are SO MANY unanswered questions.  WHY did he focus on Anakin? What was it he saw? How did he overlook the evil Senator? WHY?   Somehow, Lucas must bring him back in either flashbacks, or as he did with  OB-1 to resolve these questions, and many others. He needs to help his  protoge, OB-1 understand the Force, and train young Anakin. As for me, I  anxiously await the second film, Part II, hoping to see Qui-Gon again  (Leeham Neeson).
0684872153|5.0|Through the eyes of a child, gives an innocent prospective unreachable any other way. Laugh and cry simultaneously? Oh, you will.  The uniquely fresh style McCourt exhibits is a delight.  Triumph over adversity has never been  said more eloquently, more honestly. Don't miss this gem!
6305784116|1.0|At the point this film was made (early '70's) the animation staff had become so enamoured by the sterling quality of their own drawings that they forgot that maybe they should tell a story.  This film has a lot of plot,  but not a lot of story--and while the voices add a certain amount of bounce  to the proceedings, they aren't given a whole lot to do other than mug to  the mike.  As Disney goes, it's right down there in the bottom of the  barrel with Black Cauldron and Pocahontas.
B00002E233|1.0|I am not going to waste much time on writing this - it was in my shopping basket until I was fortunate enough to watch it on a business trip.  It was rapidly deleted.<br />As an action/horror film attempting to go against the  likes of Jurrasic Park, Jaws etc. this fails miserably.  I will credit it  with some sense of suspense, however the effects and storyline are - as  always - at odds.  For every dollar spent in the 'lab' creating the sharks  and blood, a dollar was lost from the realitly and story.<br />How the  magnificent Samuel L. Jackson was signed up to this is a mystery -  presumeably it was a favour or a bet/debt?<br />A definite - 'Don't Bother'.
1878424319|4.0|I read this book in about 3 sittings, and found it refreshing, and well written.  The ideas presented are not unlike those of other spiritually orientated books, and more confirmed what I have read in buddhist  literature than deviated from it. It demonstrates the universality of the  ideas of faith, and how it really is possible to live happily in the world,  by keeping a focus on what is important.  I enjoyed it very much, and  recommend it highly anyone who would like to improve the way they look at  the world, as this determines one's experience in the world.
0783240287|5.0|I own the DVD version of this movie and it is visually stunning.  The combination of live stage sets and special effects along with a music-video style presentation of different numbers make this a truly special  presentation.  The sound has an extremely wide dynamic range, so you will  need to keep your remote volume control handy while viewing.  All of the  actors are tremendous, except the narrator.  She is painful to look at -  why all the dark eyelid make-up?  Plus her voice seems a little tired, not  to mention her looks.  Donnie Osmond does an outstanding job portraying  innocence and power in one character throughout the video and the dancing  is excellent.  Despite the narrator, though (she gets easier to handle as  the video goes on) this is a first rate musical.
B00000064G|5.0|hey, everyone that's really worried that the VW commericial is going to somehow spoil Nick Drake, chill out - be glad that VW has sparked an interest in people that are obviously moved enough to seek out the song. out of the millions of people who have seen this commercial, only a few are  going to get into nick  drake because of it. so i wouldn't get too worried  about &quot;pink moon&quot; being adopted as an anthem by legions of  backstreet boys fans. c'mon guys... you know you have better things to do.  like listen to this beautiful album. buy it now.
0156528207|4.0|The Little Prince was an interesting but confusing book.  It is about a little man that owns his own planet.  It is really an asteroid.  He leaves it because he is bored there.  He meets many different kinds of people. He meets a geographer, a drunk and, a concieted man.  The geographer tells him  to go to earth because it is so cool.  So the little prince follows his  instructions and goes there.  After one year, he meets a man in the desert.   They talk for a long time about every thing that the little prince has  accomplished over the entire year.  To find out what a miniature alien man  can do on our planet, read the book.
1563890356|5.0|_Season of Mists_ (volume 4 of 10) isn't my favorite installment in the Sandman series, but it's a very good one.  The story is exciting, cool, and intelligent, as expected, and the ending made me cry.  I like the way this  story introduces some important themes (like the beginning of the change in  Dream's character, Lucifer abandoning Hell...) which you probably won't see  the significance of until much later.  There's always more to  discover...<br /><br />The only thing I don't like about this story is the art.   While the prologue and epilogue are very well drawn, and the interlude is  okay, Kelly Jones, who drew the rest of the story, is my least favorite  Sandman artist.  In one panel Dream grins like a chimpanzee.  Death is just  weird, and bears almost no physical resemblance to her usual self.  And  what happened to the Lucifer from issue 4?  He was cool, but I don't like  the way he looks now.  BUT...none of this should impact your enjoyment of  the story.  Can't judge by appearances, and all that, yes?  Season of Mists  remains one of the best Sandman story arcs (aren't they all).  And *you*  may like the art; some people consider it the best in the series.  I just  don't, that's all.  Definitely, whether you're new to Gaiman or already a  fan, pick up Season of Mists; you're in for a really great read.
0684176602|5.0|I thought that this book was very good. Ernest Hemingway was very clear and you were able to even picture how it was in the war.  I would recomend this book to everyone.  It was sad and funny, and that is a good  combination.  I think that it had a very good ending and it was very well  written.
6305609721|5.0|DVD: Read the many reviews already here if you need life support waiting for the DVD to arrive....It's not &quot;Ben Hur&quot;, but it is the finest, well rounded Star Trek film ever made....<br />It's the one to see if  you want to see why there are Trekies, or if you just want to enjoy a very  well made, almost perfectly made, film.<br />The rapport between Shantner and  Nimoy is almost not acting it is so well executed. Read the other  reviews.....over 20 with 5 stars, people taking their time to let you know  they thought it was great...&lt;h1&gt;This is the one!&lt;/h1&gt;
630575067X|3.0|I am a huge fan of the original Starwars and was wondering how Lucasfilm was going to pull this off. To try and go back to the begining and give a begining to an established film was a tall order. Not wanting to raise or  lower my expectations, I didn't watch any of the previews for the movie. I  think the film was an outstanding work and helped set the stage for the  next few films. Jar-Jar was bad, but not releasing the film in DVD was  worse. I would love to own the film, but will have to pass. I will not buy  this VHS format and turn around and buy the same movie in a year or two  like the original &quot;Special Edition's&quot;. A lot of us have been  waiting for a long time for this release, imagine our dismay to only find  VHS. Bad move George.
B000002LOE|1.0|i hated this band to begin with no talent here! when mike stipe said that the beatles are elevator music he was way out of line i think this is the worst band i ever heard in my life and coming from me that is not so good!
B00000J7J4|4.0|I feel Santana pulled this album together drawing upon his long career in the music industry.  Yeah, I'm sure people balked when they saw that he had hooked up with Wyclef Jean to perform some RAP music, but it was a  masterpiece.  The music is excellent and I feel it came from the heart.   So, if you are wondering why it won so many Grammies, just think about the  music on the album and how each song spoke to different audiences.  Again  excellent album and I would recommend this album to everyone.
B00003XB8K|5.0|This was the first Enigma cd I purchased. I listened to the sample tracks and loved it! To bad they don't get much air time on radio.....I would call it a clash between tecno dance ambient and it sounds great. Well worth  adding to your collection.
0783240503|3.0|As many of my fellow &quot;Joseph-philes&quot; have stated, this production could be better, but some &quot;Joseph&quot; is better than none whatsoever. I'm just glad to have it in my possession as it is one of my  top three favorite musicals.  I had never seen Donny Osmond in the title  role and I think he did a great job. He's made a successful transition from  his purple socks to Joseph's loincloth. Still, Sam Harris would have been  my choice -- he can cut loose like no one else, and I couldn't help but  feel that Donny was holding something back at times. I'm neutral on the  narrator, although she and the children started to grate on my nerves after  a while. And I'm glad that Robert Torti is back to his lip-curling antics  as the Pharaoh. But where's the &quot;Joseph Megamix&quot;? And why was it  necessary to edit down so many of the songs? It's a musical, for crying out  loud! And I don't get the rationale behind casting Joan Collins as Mrs.  Potiphar as she really did nothing to add to the production. I guess they  just wanted a &quot;name&quot; and she needed the work.  Don't get me wrong  -- the video is OK, and I know that I'll watch it over and over for a  &quot;Joseph&quot; fix. I just have to adjust to the fact that no video is  going to be comparable to the actual  stage production I just wish Sir  Andrew Lloyd Weber and company had been more committed to keeping the  integrity of the show.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|i like the words the songs in spanish
B000003N7G|5.0|It was 2 a.m. and I was walking under a star brilliant sky in the company of age-old trees, when the music of a love supreme replayed itself in my head. I suddenly understood what acknowledgement and resolution meant. This  is much more than just music.
052594527X|1.0|My daughter wrote better short stories in college.<br />There was no meat here. Character development is empty. This beautiful time in history never became 'real'. Erotic? Show me the page.<br />Just sorry I bought this book.  It goes to secondhand. Disappointing.
B00000JGOH|1.0|Did you notice that most people that gave this movie(and Titanic) 5 stars, are women?  Makes ya think, don't it?
B000002KAT|5.0|There have been few recording artists as prolific as Van Morrison. I have twenty-odd titles and this one stands out among them all. Morrison has a way with words that few mortals do, blue-eyed soul meets John Donne. He sings with such an open, honest, heartfelt voice that one is drawn in...and addicted. Buy all of his recordings, but buy this one first.
B000002IJA|5.0|The best rock album EVER a clasic must have for anyone who loves rock young or old!   Five stars is not enough!  This is FEEL GOOD MUSIC!
0060977493|4.0|When my tenth grade English class was assigned to read The God of Small Things one thing came to mind: another tedious novel about a poverty stricken Indian woman living in an unindustrialized community with  undomesticated animals. Basically, another \\"woman's book\\".   To my  surprise, I was proven wrong and was embraced with an eloquent and powerful  story of the god of small things.  The first three to five chapters,  however, were confusing and the theme of the novel was unclear and  unorganized. When I actually took the time to sit down and truly  concentrate on what Arundhati Roy was saying, however, I came to comprehend  her story and feel compassion toward the characters.        Roy portrays  many interesting relationships with the characters throughout the novel.   One such relationship is with the twins, Estha and Rahel.  These two unique  souls share a special bond that separates and makes them different from  everyone and everything.  Only they know what one another is thinking,  without even saying a word.  They share a secret backwards language that  only they can decode along with their ceaseless imagination that never  stops. Their relationship grows even stronger when they are reunited after  twenty-three years later.  Estha and Rahel break the barrier of brother and  sister, twin to twin by disobeying the love laws.       Ms. Roy has a way  of writing about India's problems by including them into the personality of  her characters.  The inequality and cruelty of India's government and caste  system is evident in Velutha, a skillful untouchable carpenter.  Velutha  suffers all the injustices of India's society and his suffering links to  the problems of Estha, Rahel, and Ammu. Techniques are also evident  throughout the novel.  Roy's inside jokes and lively humor brings a smile  to the reader's face in times of agony and sorrow.         I admit, The  God of Small Things did not intrigue me in the beginning; quite frankly, it  frustrated me. However,Roy's idioms and her repetition of clever word  phrases made the book even more interesting. There was even a point where I  was so curious about what was to happen next that it forced me to keep on  reading.  All in all, I am fortunate that I was given a chance to read and  enjoy this piece of original literature.  Above all, I recommend it for  everyone to read and enjoy... Dum dum.
0395645662|5.0|I really think this book was great because it made me thinkthat maybe very far away that there might just be a utopia somewhere.When I was reading the book I could see pictures in my head that what Jonas might look like or what father and mother might of looked like to.  The author really explains things like what emotions are felt and even the objects that are held he explains them to the fullest.  Like I said that it made me think alote about life without any memories of love hate or even felling of family to me I think that would be really hard to live without.  What I really would hat is not picking what kind of job you would have also not having feelings for other people. I really liked the ending but lucky for you your just going to read it yourself.  Oh and one more thing have fun.
B000001DQI|5.0|This is with out a doubt the most inspiring album that I have ever heard. To put it more simply, if I could own only one single album, this would be that album. Truely the high point of the genius that is Elton John.
B00000IOSU|5.0|When I first listened to this album I was going through a period in my life where I was unsure of myself and what I wanted from it all. The lyrics to many of the songs - especially Path of Thorns (Terms of Endearment) -  helped my re-focus my ideals, in a way get my head back together. I was  able to sit back and reflect, and it helped me decide not to have an affair  with a work collegue because of the irony in the words, telling me how much  I could lose. I don't say that this album will affect everyone, or even  anyone else, in the same way but if you read these reviews I would like to  thank you Sarah.
B00001SIES|5.0|This is 1 of the greatest debut albums of the 90s. It's beutiful in everyway and I love it.Tracks that stand out r Muscle Museum Sunburn well basiclly all of them.Matts vocals are superb and the tunes are earie and  you feel like smashing stuff when you listen to tracks like Uno and  Sunburn.Its like Radioheads Pablo Honey which means Muse will just get  better and better.I love this album.Buy it all Radiohead fans!
0312965788|4.0|I picked this book up one day with no clue as to what it was. After having read it I've concluded that it's the best story that I've read concerning animals (excluding animal farm). It also helped me understand life as a  veternarian (at least some fifty years ago!) I've also come to the  conclusion that Herriot has created a brilliant novel in his first try that  have taken so many others years to complete. Synopsis: A heart-warming true  tale of a veternarian named Dr. James Herriot in the late 30s in Yorkshire,  England.
630575067X|1.0|Special Effects extravaganza on VHS only?  Yikes..I will not touch a VHS movie anymore regardless how good it is.  Especially realizing George Lucas attitude toward DVD.  Ban THX and Lucasfilm for not supporting 16:9  Anamorphic DVD!
B000003CUJ|2.0|The idea of a long, continuous synthesis of the *entire* Ring is good, but Maazel's synthesis is too fragmentary. I know Stoki made one too, but I haven't heard his. I simply don't believe that a good synthesis is possible. So I'm going to stick with excepts. I recommend the classical  Cleveland/Szell Sony disk (which is also cheap).   As to Maazel's  performance, I must say I find it dull and vulgar.
0783240503|4.0|I am an avid ALW fan and a huge fan of Joseph. I enjoy Donny Osmond's portrayal of Joseph and his singing ability. I was fortunate enough to see the London Palladium production on which the video was based. I credit the  creative team with the transfer to video and the innovative use of the  children- bringing them from the sidelines to have the story center around  their reactions. I was VERY disappointed with the narrator. She lacked the  power of Lindsey Hatley who played the role in London. I also greatly  missed the Joseph Megamix at the end.<br />I will continue to watch the video  again and again but now it could have achieved more.
6302293553|2.0|I started out enjoying this movie, and thought it was clever (Knights of Ni, and the African swallow bit).  But what gives at the end?  I felt very cheated and actually returned it to Blockbuster for a free movie coupon  (they have a guarantee).  What happened with the Holy Grail, you know, the  whole point of the film...?
B00000AFHM|2.0|I really really don't get what all the fuss is about. Listen carefully to old Herman Hermits records (or maybe even the Monkees), and you'll see there's not much difference between the two.  Belle and Sebastian is an  awfully sentimental group; their lyrics are maudlin and preening, and even  when they concoct a catchy hook, the arrangements are slight and wispish.  The lead singer doesn't have an ounce of grit; your average coffee-shop  singer voice, I guess.  Please...trust me.  Ten years from now you'll think  to yourself &quot;how could I listen to such saccharine music?&quot; and  shake your head sadly at the follies of youth, and sell this CD to  Disc-Go-Round.
630575067X|4.0|You've already seen the movie by now, and if you haven't, the 500+ comments already posted here will probably give you all the info you need. My comments are about the video itself.<br />Spend the extra ten bucks or  whatever it is and GET THE WIDESCREEN VERSION. We all know that with pan  and scan, you lose almost half the picture. That's fine if you're watching,  say, The Runaway Bride. However, there's a *lot* to see in this movie, and  watching the stuff in the background is half the fun; if you get the pan  and scan to save a few bucks, you'll be getting less than you paid  for.<br />Oh, and don't blame poor Jake Lloyd for Anakin's stilted dialog  (especially the egregious blobs of exposition he spouts on Tatooine). Blame  Darth Lucas... and hope the next script is edited by someone with a better  track record.
B00004RHZU|5.0|the singles &quot;ther you go&quot; and split personality&quot; are two great singles and most of the tracks on the album r blazin'. go get this album y'all!
6303921248|5.0|The only word to describe this movie is PERFECT.  The acting, the scenery, England, the whole adaptation of the book, which of course was wonderful.  At the end of the movie, you wonder why Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle  aren't together in real life!  And I will admit that I have seen this movie  over ten times and still never tire of watching.  And it's true when they  say that once you start watching, it is difficult not to watch it entirely.  Good Job A&amp;E!  Thank you for this masterpiece.
B000002N2P|5.0|Insomniac was my first green day Cd and now I own all their cd's. This is by far their best. Every song is awesome. Although, if you get this CD because of nimrod, it's a totally different sound. These songs are more  hard rock sounding than punk. Even though it is only 33 minutes, it is  probably my favorite CD. It is hard to pick which songs are my favorite  because they are all so good. My most favorite are Geek Stink Breath, Bab's  Uvula Who?, Brainstew, Jaded, and Walking Contradiction. Take my advice and  buy this cd as soon as possible.
630329815X|4.0|The NOTLD 25th Anniversary documentary was a great pleasure to watch. The sound studio scene with Karl Hardman &amp; Marilyn Eastman was fascinatingly revealing, as were the photographs of the made-up zombies.  The meeting between Hardman, Romero, Russo and Streiner could have been a  little more sharp, though, as it is now a mere friendly chat between old  pals. I also missed people like Judith O'Dea, the late Duane Jones and Kyra  Schon (of whom I noticed her own website!) Altogether big fun for a horror  classic fan.
B000002HGD|3.0|If you are a true believer in Moby, read no further.<br />This review is aimed at those who, like me a week ago, don't know about Moby and would like to buy this CD because they heard good things (like the user reviews  on Amazon) about him. In fact, such was the reputation of Moby as a  &quot;techno-wiz&quot; that I had stellar expectations when I bought this  CD.<br />And, well, this CD is a disappointment.<br />What's wrong with it?  First and foremost, the lack of originality. &quot;Hymn&quot; and &quot;God  moving over...&quot; have arpeggios that have been ripped off from  instrumental songs of Philip Glass. &quot;Into the Blue&quot; could have  been written by Portishead (that Moby was influenced by the Bristol group  has been widely observed by magazine reviewers). Is this enough? No!  &quot;First Cool Hive&quot; is a Deep Forest look-alike song. And finally,  a lot of other songs (&quot;Everytime you touch me&quot;,  &quot;anthem&quot;) are virtually indistinguishable from the early 90's  techno-trance movement. There is a fine line between musicians who just  repackage previous music and musician who quote and &quot;reivent&quot; old  music. Moby and William Orbit belong in the first group, Beck and Boards of  Canada in the second. Of course, if you are completely new to all of the  above musicians, you might think that Moby is a genius. Indeed, the songs  are impeccably produced and very pleasant to listen to (hence my three  stars). But this is not enough. There are dozens of good  producers-remixers-programmers, but only a handful of them are outstanding  musicians. My best wish is that at least Moby got you interested in this  genre. There's plenty of good music to be found!<br />The second criticism I  have is that the disc is  an empty manifesto. Reading the liner notes (100+  factoids on pollution and bad eating habits, and two &quot;essays&quot; on  modern lifestyle and christianity) are so self-righteous and intolerant  that I nearly felt ashamed to agree with them on the message (veganism and  christianity). I liked veganism better when sungs by The Smiths (&quot;Meat  is Murder&quot;). What's important here is that the message is very  disconnected from the form. There's nothing radical or anti-consumerist in  this music. It's mainstream, reassuring and ear-pleasing, packaged and  marketed to appear on the pages of SPIN.d to agree with them on the message (veganism and  christianity). I liked veganism better when sungs by The Smiths (&quot;Meat  is Murder&quot;). What's important here is that the message is very  disconnected from the form. There's nothing radical or anti-consumerist in  this music. It's mainstream, reassuring and ear-pleasing, packaged and  marketed to appear on the pages of SPIN.
6305750750|4.0|I watched the The Phantom Menace with the full effect of the video trailers coursing through my veins.  I had seen it before on the big screen and despite my earlier misgivings, it IS Star Wars, after all, and I HAD to  own the video.  I was pleased with the visuals and had no real problems  with the so-called complicated story line involving taxes and trade  treaties. My only conerns stem from basic story-telling faux-pas by Mr.  Lucas.   The movie is huge, it is a grand sweeping space opera, but why,  then, do I feel nothing for the poor opressed Naboo. We are repeatedly told  that, &quot; People are dying&quot; , but the suffering alluded to is off  screen and there is nothing to anchor it to me, as a viewer. In the first  (4rth) Star Wars, Carrie Fisher does a great job conveying the horror of  watching her home planet being blown up. Seconds later Alec Guinness does  the same, while training Luke on the Millenium Falcon. This is all done  without any real violent images that would have made the movie non-PG, but  do convey the sense of evil that is the empire. In Phantom, I don't fear  the trade federation. They have an army of odd looking robots and tend to  care little for the environment, but they rarely hurt people.       Perhaps  the scariest villan in all of the Star Wars movies is the torture droid in  the Death Star. It has no lines, is on screen for a few seconds and does  nothing overtly evil. The threat of what happens or happened made the death  star worth blowing up. Frankly, I couldn't care if the Senate got bogged  down for a few months debating the Naboo blockade.    This is all trivial,  I know, but if the plot had been at all involving on a human level, the  film would have easily bested Titanic. I had no problem with Jar-Jar Binks  either, other than some of his dialogue seem to have come from the Olsen  twins on old Full House episodes, he at least had personality and character  depth. I trust, in the tradition of the original Triology, character  development will come as the stories progress, but George my friend, we  could have used a bit more. Really, the first words of Anakin's mouth after  the only father figure he has ever known burns on a funeral brier are,  &quot; So, what's gonna happen to me now?&quot; . George, we know he is  going to be Darth Vader, but that is cold.      I read the screenplay and  the novel, and for people wanting more than eye candy, give either a read.  You will discover a father and son relationship between Obi-wan and Qui-gon  that was missing on screen as well as a jealousy born out of Qui-gon's  adoption of Anakin. Jar-Jar is a bit more understated, which makes him more  paletable and Sidious/Palpatines real plans (ie the phantom menace, if you  will) seem to lurk sinisterly below everything that goes on.     George,  you had a tough task to live up to, most would have run and hid, but you  managed to create a new world for all us adults(?) to run and play in for a  couple of hours...oh yeah, and all the kids too, for whom the movie was  really intended. Forgive my Dawson's-Creek-armchair-deconstructionist take  on it all, I know it is really a kids movie. I look forward to the rest of  the series and see Phantom as a solid foundation for future stories to be  told. I am sure it will stand better as a Triology, the original three  certainly did.
0783240236|4.0|I haven't seen this film in years.  My brand new DVD arrived in the mail and I popped it in the player.<br />First I watched the Tippi Hedren screen tests.  These are fascinating!  She seems a little nervous and not very  good at thinking on her feet - more interested in parading her new  gowns.<br />Then I watched the documentary (just as informative and  interesting as the VERTIGO DVD).  I discovered the way Ms. Hedren was  &quot;discovered&quot; and cast by Mr. Hitchcock.  Suddenly, I see these  screen tests in a different light.  She was picked off of a television  commercial and thrust into the world of acting.  She was being made into a  star, with lessons from The Master himself!  The rest of the documentary  covers every aspect of THE BIRDS: from makeup, to sound, to  effects.<br />Next, I watched the film.  Having not seen it for years, I was  first impressed with the story.  It moves from boy and girl &quot;meeting  cute&quot; to the farm house and gull attack, to the horror of the birthday  party and the attack on the town.  Jessica Tandy plays a very Oedipal  mother.  I was particularly struck by Ms. Hedren's performance.  Her  vulnerability mixes well with her blond-as-steel appearance.  And when she  and Tandy finally connect as characters, it is truly moving.<br />I saw THE  BIRDS at this watching as some sort of psychodrama built around Tippi  Hedren's character.  The bird attacks seem to happen after Tippi (as  Melanie) confronts some sort of emotion or truth.  For example, after she  reveals anger at her mother to Rod Taylor on the hill, a clearly painful  memory, then suddenly the birds attack the birthday party.  Just an  observation!<br />The DVD is great.  I also checked out the stills, the  trailer, and a couple of the black and white featurettes on the disc.  The  trailer is hilarious -- one of Hitch's witty speaches.  He really was a  genius director as well as a shrewd publicity man.<br />Enjoy it!  Oh, and  ...<br />THE BIRDS IS COMING!
0395645662|5.0|This book was the best book I ever read it was odd and weardbut I caught on to it the book has good grammer it also hasdetail. The main character is Jonas, the Giver is the character that has feeling's and the other people that live in the community. The author then talk's about how perfect they are in the community, but Jonas find's something what happens even though nothing seem's wrong in the perfect community because they have no feeling's. In this book it tell's you everything that it need's to tell well thats pretty much how it goes.
038532653X|5.0|This is not you basic kid literature. It's written in a very adult style, which may be too hard for younger ones to grasp. I read this to my 9 year old son, who loved it, and is very excited about reading Kit's Wlderness next. Skellig is dark, spooky, and very thought provoking. Be prepared for  a lot of questions and discussion while reading this.
0380796090|5.0|Even though the character is half a generation older than me, I felt like the author was reading my thoughts.  I first read this book a few months back, but I've already re-read it twice because I like it so much.  Reading  it was more like drinking with the girls than anything else.
630575067X|2.0|too many effects and not enough work on the actual story...maybe its just  a kids movie but for true fans i hope the next two get a lot better
B00001ZWTT|1.0|Made me squirm that someone could have released it.
B00000JZIK|1.0|Hmmmmm, this movie is so bad that I'm not sure where to start. Surprise ending? Right! I guess all the people who are surprised at the ending don't read much. I think that all of the other reviewers that give this movie  high ratings are trying to cover up the fact they are embarassed to admit  that they didn't see it coming. The acting is pretty much bottom of the  barrel. What's with the guy with the marbles in his mouth? I need subtitles  to figure out what he's saying? Is he speaking English? Cinematography,  poor, casting, poor, plot, stinks, too long, too boring, no surprise at the  end. Other than that, it should be nominated for the Raspberry Award.
B000002WPI|5.0|I listen to a lot of music. And, y'know, some albums get stale after a while. Some albums, you can only listen to for a few weeks, and then they sit on your CD rack for months before you go back to them.<br />But &quot;36  Chambers&quot; is icy-fresh every time you drop it into your stereo. It's  everything hip-hop should be: raw beats, simple hooks and evocative samples  intertwined with nine rappers' unique styles, all of which come together to  build an hour-long assault on the body and mind.<br />I weep when I listen to  this album. It showcases the Ol' Dirty Bastard when he was simply a  purveyor of a brilliant style that was utterly his own, before the persona  overshadowed the man. The price of the album is worth it for &quot;Protect  Ya Neck&quot; alone--a concise, perfect summary of what it means to be  Wu-Tang. You come to know the album, and then you come to know the rappers  themselves, seeing them like a twisted set of Superfriends, finding  yourself thinking, &quot;Here comes Inspectah Deck; he's about to rip sh*t  up.&quot;<br />You have to take most rappers' boasts with a grain of salt or  two. But when the Wu-Tang say they're nothing to f*ck with, you believe  them. They are, most especially on this album, an unstoppable force for  hip-hop justice.
B0000399WI|5.0|Why am I adding another review to 265 others? Just merely to justify that this - in my opinion - is the greatest film ever made. Until today I still think that The Shawshank Redemption is the most extraordinary, impressive  and engrossing film I've ever seen. I watched this film 4 years ago; and  only recently when I bought a DVD player I decided to purchase the dvd as  my first investment. After seeing it for the second, there was so much more  I didn't get in the first time. Throughout the movie, a constant message of  hope transcends as its short but intelligent plot unfolds. This film is a  rare accomplishment that will uplife and move you.
6305750750|4.0|Don't get me wrong I'm a complete nut for the Star Wars series. But by not releasing this film on DVD my feeling that George Lucas does not really care or understand what he has created has been confirmed.  His devoted  fans of 23 years have been for many weeks begged him to release his films  on DVD and he has seriously let us down. Consumers have been begging him to  take their money but George apparently wants to hold out for more. He touts  his films as being state of the art but he wants us to buy the inferior  picture quality of VHS so we'll all end up buying both versions. He knows  that because he sold a lot Special Editions to people who already owned the  original. Does anyone seriously buy the press release from Lucasfilm?   There are a lot of firms doing excellent transfers to DVD all George had to  do was pick up the phone.  (How busy could he be?  I hope he's taking  bathroom breaks.)  Even a bad or mediocre DVD is better than VHS anyday.   Personally I believe this decision and even parts of the film PM has  seriously undermined the spirit and the good cheer the original trilogy   gave us.
B0000046PE|5.0|Ella Fitzgerald Has One Of The Richest Voices ever To Hit The Human Ear.This is a Grand Overview of Her Great Voice.These Songs are Quality with A Capitol Q.She Shines all the Way Here.She was a True Legend she  Broke Down So Many Doors.She had Her Own Style&amp;Great Range.These Songs  are Musical Treasures.
0394863658|4.0|This book s a great chiller I chould not put the book down. The way he just kept chageing back and forth was great. Oops! don't want to spole it This book is great if I had 1 wish it would be for everyone in the world to  read this BOOK!.so please read this book it is proboly the BEST BOOK I have  ever read in my life .If you like short scary chillers read this book.
6303578012|5.0|robin did a awesome job as peterpan. the guy that play hook did a good job to. i give a two thombs up. i thank that steven spielberg one of the best director ever. i like all his moves. robin williams make me laugh any move  he plays in.
0805062971|3.0|Most times, when you read a book, and then see a movie, or vice versa, you come out of the situation saying &quot;The book is much better than the movie.&quot;  Maybe this is because the characters are better developed in the book, or there are moments in the book you really liked that were  changed for the movie.  But that is not the case here.  Sure, there are a  couple things changed, but on the whole, the book is written like the movie  is filmed, and though it's nice to make our own pictures in our own heads,  I think the movie does a better job of &quot;describing&quot; the events  than the book.  The writer's voice is interesting, and it is portrayed  accurately in Norton's narration in the movie.  <br />Overall, not a waste of  time, but if you're on death row, and someone says to you, &quot;You can  either have two days to read the book or 3 hours to watch the movie, and  you will die afterward,&quot; do yourself a favor and choose the movie.
B00000253N|5.0|This album arguably represents the finest hour of Dylan's long and winding career, and is probably his most musically and vocally accessible for the non-converted. Here Dylan has well and truly left behind the jangly guitar  and rabble-raising lyrics that left such a mark on the Sixties (but can be  somehwat jarring these days) and has moved into a much more deeply  emotional and personal world. His anger and bitterness are still there for  all to see (Idiot Wind), and sometimes both are expressed with an honesty  and vitriol that are breathtaking, but his targets have changed. Written  during and after the break-up of his marriage to Sarah Lowndes, the swing  between bitter resentment and sweet nostalgia is there for all to see.  Dylan may be a private man, but listening to this album almost makes you  feel like an intruder. 'Tangled Up In Blue' remains one of Dylan's most  enduring songs, and here his gift for story-telling is at its most evident,  whilst 'If You See Her, Say Hello' shows Dylan at his most tender and  vulnerable. How this song came out of the same head in the same session as  'Idiot Wind' is one of the many mysteries Dylan can't help leaving behind.  Every song on this album is a gem, with the exception of 'Lily, Rosemary  and The Jack Of Hearts' which is awful and why he chose to insert it in the  middle of this otherwise flawless album is, I'm afraid, yet another of  those mysteries.
B00000JCB2|4.0|I thought rearranged was the bomb. It is a great cd to listen to my husband plays nookie over and over...
6305750750|2.0|Do NOT waste your money on this video!  The video quality is terrible!  The picture did not seem to be up to usual VHS standards, and was so far beneath DVD standards as to be laughable.  The only redeeming virtue of  this tape was the sound quality, which was surprisingly good considering it  was not digital. The best sound effects in the universe could not make up  for the grainy, blurred picture.  I love this movie despite its faults, but  I wish I had held out for the DVD, however many years that takes! Wait for  Lucas to come out of his cave and realize that DVD is the only way to view  his movies! Save your money!
630575067X|2.0|This movie is a good time.....that is if you and all your friends sit around cheering and hoping that the movie can some how re-script itself and Jar-Jar buys the farm, slowly. It can rate only 2 stars at best only for  the fact it bares the Star Wars name, and it has Darth Maul. Other than  that this was G. Lucas's way of saying look what i can do with my new  software. This mistake can only be erased, well it can never be erased, but  hopefully he will redeem himself in the 2nd episode. George, some really  good plot twists have to happen in then next 2 movies to tie it all in... a  lot of potential lies here....PLEASE don't screw it up!
0684803356|5.0|If you like Old Man and the Sea, you'll love this.  It is similar in feeling and has a Spanish flair.  I seldom remember lines from books, but I've memorized many from this novel.  The opening quote from John Donne is  as deep as they come.  It sets the tone for the book, but is better  understood if you immediately re-read the quote right after finishing the  book.  You really truly understand then what is meant when he says,  &quot;Do not send to know for whom the bell tolls....it tolls for  thee.&quot;
B000002B7Y|3.0|Add one dose of Ozzy Osbourne, improved drumming from Randy Castillo, brilliant fireworks from new guitar wunderkind Zakk Wylde and steady bass from longtime Ozzy songwriting parter/studio bassist Bob Daisly and you get  a hard rocking, standard Ozzy Osbourne album. This album has several good  tracks-&quot;Miracle Man&quot;, &quot;Devil's Daughter&quot;, &quot;Blood  Bath in Paradise&quot; and &quot;Crazy Babies&quot;. The rest of the album  is standard hard rock. Zakk brings a fiery style to guitar that was lacking  in Jake E. Lee's style. Bob Daisly is a vast improvement over Phil Soussan  and Rudy Sarzo on bass. All in all this is a decent and well produced Rock  album with some catchy tunes. There is nothing amazing about this album,  just more of what you expect from Ozzy.
6305537798|2.0|i dont really think that it is a bad movie, its just that it is sooooo predictable! not only that, but it doesn't stick to well to the taming of the shrew, which is a classic!
1570425671|5.0|To say that David Sedaris doesn't see the world the way that others do is a grievous understatement. He finds equal humor in the bizarre and the mundane. His wit can be both razor sharp and gentle as feather. He writes  and says things that maybe you've thought about before and if you haven't  thought about them before you'll certainly give them plenty of thought  afterwords.<br />Sedaris gift for storytelling is on display at its finest in  this audio collection of holiday-themed stories. The most famous is, of  course, &quot;The Santaland Diaries&quot;, in which Sedaris relates in  hillarious detail his experiences working as an elf at Macy's Santaland in  New York. This piece is an American classic which should be compulsory  reading for anyone who has worked a retail job during the holidays, not to  mention anyone who has ever shopped a store during the holidays. Almost as  good is &quot;Front Row Center WIth Thaddeus Bristol&quot; which skewers  both a pompous theater critic and the sometimes attrocious children's  holiday plays he's reviewing.<br />In all, this collection contains six  stories read by Sedaris himself, his sister Amy and actress Ann Magnuson.  The different voices work well to set the tone for each story over the  course of the tape, and the variety helps sustain interest which can be an  issue with single reader audio programs.<br />For many of us, the holidays  mean laughter and tears. David Dedaris understands this and has given the  world six of the finest tools with which to cope.
B000023VR6|5.0|I think that this is one of the best cd's Dr. Dre has ever made and I'm glad he decided to come back.
0395645662|1.0|I think The Giver was a dumb book. The Giver was a boring bookand it had no points and it had a bad ending.  The book was not a kidsbook but it would be a good book for old people or boring people who like to read.
038532653X|5.0|Skellig is a real page-turner. I challenge anyone to read thefirst chapter and put the book down; you can't do it. The story isoffbeat enough to make it interesting, but grounded in the strong emotions and sharply drawn characters that inhabit it.  I read aloud to my kids every night and we often have trouble picking a book. My older kids want something with depth, a chapter book, my six-year-old son wants a picture book with a quick resolution. When he saw me pull out Skellig, he was not pleased. That quickly changed. All three of them are hanging on every word as this mysterious tale unfolds.  Even if the story were not as good as it is, they would be mesmerized by the lyrical writing and perfectly captured child's-eye view of the young hero and narrator. But the story is top notch, with enough suspense, drama and sheer joy that they rush through their showers and their tooth-brushing every night in the hopes of getting an extra chapter. This is the best thing we've read since Roald Dahl's Matilda - and that says a lot.
0891349553|5.0|This book is so great. The step by step details were so well photographed, and so detailed. The animals are so cute and so life-like. Katherine has so many suggestions on tools, from making your own to purchasing them. This  was my first attempt at realistic animals. I've all ready made three of the  cutest little animals, and everyone is asking where I bought them. I LOVE  this book!
0425129586|4.0|There were ten people gathered on a mysterious island.  The night they get there a recording comes on convicting every person of a murder.  From then on the people die one by one according to a rhyme.  In the end everyone was  dead and nobody could figure out how they died.  If you want to find out  who the host was,who the murderer was,and how all the people on the island  were killed, you will have to read the book.  This book was an excellent  book if you are the kind of person that likes being in suspense thoughout  the book.
6303212379|5.0|This is the best movie ever made. Every kid in the world can relate to it in one way or another. I use to have asthma like Mikey, so that is the character that I related to the most. Everyone should own this movie,  afterall there is a little Goonie in all of us.
0395645662|5.0|the giver is a good book because their is no war and everybodygrts treated the same. It is a perfect comunty their is no pain. Youwill find no animals in this perfect comunty. Parents don't have names they just call them mom and dad you have to applie for a marage and you can only have two children one male and one female. At 12 you go to training for your job.
B0000203YT|5.0|Marvelously played, beautifully directed, a real piece of pleasure and pure hydromel from heaven.  We will not believe one minute the story, but it is so beautiful that we are enchanted and entranced by it.  Romeo and  Juliet are nothing but the outcome (sublimation would Freud say) of  Shakespeare's own love affair with a daughter of the aristocracy who wants  be an actor in a time when women were banned from the stage.  Fascinating  and it deserves our watching it over and over again till we are numb with  sleepiness and admiration.  If you do not watch this film at least twice  within two hours, you will never qualify for human survival. Dr Jacques  Coulardeau Paris Universities IX and II
0783227434|4.0|words that strike terror in the darkest hearts of foulundeads... well, not really and this line comes from the 'happy' ending as opposed to the director's cut. <br />'gimme some sugar baby'<br />as noted by other reviewers, this movie is full of annoyingly cool one-liners that only Bruce Campbell can spew. you won't believe how quickly you'll start looking for opportunities to use these lines! <br />'i got it, i got it! i know your damn words!'<br />there IS a story here... somewhere... actually, it's the usual, man-chops-off-hand-to-prevent-demonic-possession-and-whilst-conjuring-a- spell-to-cast-out-said-demon-falls-prey-to-a-metaphysical-vortex-that- transfers-him-into-medieval-England-where-he-must-defeat-the-hordes-of- undeads-to-retrieve-the-unholiest-book-the-Necronomicon-in-which- contains-the-instruction-to-send-him-'home.' WHEW!<br />'honey, you got real ugly.'<br />this movie is fun so don't overanalyze it. this is a classic B movie that plays homage from Planet of the Apes to Jason and the Argonauts. the now seriously outdated special effects along with the comical dialogue only help to enforce the campiness of it all. <br />'Hail to the king, baby.'<br />but i gave it only four stars because i couldn't in good conscience rate it the full five and there will be those who won't like it (like deadites and other people w/o humor). get the special edition, if you can, the director's commentary and storyboards are interesting features... just GET IT.
B000002NHN|5.0|I'm not sure what it is about the &quot;Mummer's Dance,&quot; but I am entirely incapable of preventing myself from embarking on a slow, interpretive dance during this track. I sure hope the neighbors aren't  watching.
0440178002|5.0|This was the first Clavel novel that I ever read. Once I started reading it, I couldn't stop. I often measure the quality of a book by the amount of sleep I lose over it. This book is so gripping that by the time I reached  the final chapters, I stayed up ALL NIGHT to finish it. It's just that  good.<br />Clavel must have performed a mind-boggling amount of research to  produce this work. It is full of details about life in 16th cenutry Japan.  Culture, politics, sex, class distinctions, race relations, and more are  all covered. As far as &quot;historical novels&quot; are concerned, this is  probably the pinnacle of the genre.<br />If you enjoy historical novels, are a  history buff, enjoy Japanese culture, or just want to read a great book,  you can't go wrong with this one. It is truly great and you will be better  off for having read it.
6305750750|5.0|The Phantom Menace is an excellent movie.  I thought that it provides a great introduction what happened in the original trilogy.  I loved this movie.  It is here that we are first introduced to young OBI-WAN KENOBI and  his teacher Jedi Master QUI-GON JINN.  Ewan McGregor did an excellent job  as OBI-WAN.  This movie answered many of my questions about how the  collapse of the Republic was brought about.  The Sith are as mysterious as  I thought that they should be.  At first I tried to compare Darth Maul to  Darth Vader, but soon realized that this comparison just does not work.   Darth Maul was a lot more intense than Vader ever was.  I really loved the  lightsaber fight between the Jedi (OBI-WAN &amp; QUI-GON) and Sith Lord  Darth Maul.  I also liked the introduction of the various members of the  Jedi High Council.  In regards to Anakin at times I found it hard to  believe that he will grow up to be Darth Vader, but at the same time some  of the signs of things to come were already there.  I also believe that  OBI-WAN saw some of these warning signs, whereas QUI-GON saw only the great  potential in Anakin.  I am not sure that even someone with the experience  of Jedi Master Yoda could have prevented Anakin's eventual fall to the Dark  Side of the Force.
B00000JG41|2.0|This album is pretty good.  However I'd rather stick a fork in my eye.  I like the &quot;old crazy&quot; Mr. Bungle not the &quot;I'm trying to make a good album&quot; Mr. Bungle.  I now have all three Mr. Bungles and this  one is the worst so far.  However I did give it two stars for two reasons.   One, It's Mr. Bungle, and two, the last song is really crazy.  If your a  fan of the self titled album, don't buy this.
0140544518|5.0|I was in a children's store looking for a book to buy my godchild, when I stumbled upon this prize. This book was absolutely hilarious.  The whole concept that it was not the wolf that should be blamed, but his sneezy, runny cold, that is absolutely priceless.  I am sure my godchild and her  mother who will read the story to her will enjoy equally.  This book should  adorn the shelves of every family with small children.
B0000033TE|5.0|This album is amazing in about a million ways. Go buy it and cherish it, along with its four predecessors (ELP, Tarkus, Pictures At An Exhibition, and Trilogy). If you don't like this album, then you need a serious  wax-cleaning.
0385484518|4.0|Overall I believe it was a good story about a teacher and his student, continuing relationship.  A relationship that gave a dying teacher one last chance to express his feelings about relationships, family, old age, and  dying.  In conclusion I believe it comes down to one thing, you have to die  to live, which basically means you have to realize you can die at anytime  and to live life to the fullest.
6305750750|5.0|This movie deserves even 6 stars. This first episode set up everything for the upcoming 2 movies. The special effects were awesome, and also  it makes you wonder how this sweet Anakin boy turns to be one of the galaxy's worst  nightmare. The final battle between the Jedis and the Sith is one of the  best battle scenes ever filmed.
630575067X|4.0|I am very happy with this movie. Star Wars Episode One has a lot of action, answers a lot of questions, and the special effects are fabulous. You have to view this movie with an open mind however. Anyone who is a Star  Wars fan and speaks negatively about it can't accept the fact that there is  no Luke Skywalker, Han Solo, etc. You have to remember that this is the  beggining, and you have to accept it the way it is. Most important of all,  you can't compare it to the first three movies. It's completely different  with a lot of different angles and chracters that certainly have their own  merrit. Not to mention the technology used to make this movie is a 100  times better and more advanced that it was in the mid-70's and early 80's,  so it looks different than the origional 3 which I will admit took me a  time or two to adjust to. I love this movie, although I think Jar-Jar Binks  was a bit much to say the least. I would recomend this movie to anyone,  Star Wars fan or not.
B000002J1H|5.0|As of late, I find myself reaching for Tales From Topographic Oceans, Relayer, and this album. Going for the One is an amazingly gorgeous album that one can never tire of listening. Every track is great, but &quot;Turn  of the Century&quot; and &quot;Awaken&quot; are astounding!  They rank up  there with the best orchestral works, even by Ravel!  Go buy it, and  listen with &quot;big ears&quot;, and you'll forget all of your troubles!
185984054X|1.0|OK, maybe this makes me biased, but I once went to Mass at the Missionaries of Charity AIDS Hospice in Northeast Washington, DC.  Saw a lot of nuns and their charges, many of whom were hard to pick out, since  the nuns had fattened many of them up with good care.  (Also, a friend has  volunteered at the place for years.)  Any institution is fallible.  Any  institution will make mistakes.  All the saints did.  (St. Francis of  Assisi went on a Crusade, thus allowing his friars to dilute his ideals.)  I don't know for certain if Mother Teresa is a saint (too soon to tell).  I  do know she did good work, and she certainly said things that were cause  for thought.  (&quot;Our job is to be faithful, not successful.&quot;  Then  there was the line about the poor's main problem being unwanted, not low on  funds.)  If Mr. Hitchens wants to seek holiness, he can do so in  Washington himself.  A stroll to the Catholic Worker should give him some  examples.  Unless, of course, holiness is something only in Mr. Hitchens's  mind.  If so, then he'll recognize it when he sees it.
6305205620|5.0|Surprisingly enough, the first concert shot-specifically for DVD is the best.  Metallica's &quot;Cunning Stunts&quot; captures the best live band of all-time in their prime.  Excellent visual quality, Dolby Surround, 3  songs with multiple camera angles, Pop-Up commentary, and a massive photo  gallery make for one damn impressive  concert.  Jammed on 2 DVD's, this is  the best metal DVD available.
B000002WYT|5.0|Unfortunately I became a DMB a little too late, but boy am I glad I did become one.  Not only are they excellent in concert, they are brilliant in the studio.  Crash is my personal favorite of their records due to the  gorgeous &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; and &quot;Cry Freedom&quot;.  This  record is really fun to listen to and it even has some really beautiful  songs on it.  If you want great music, get this and (hopefully) you won't  be disappointed.
B00000IFWE|5.0|I have always thought that Petty was a true artist but felt he was beginning to run out of ideas after &quot;Wildflowers&quot; although this is an awesome album.  And listing to this cd reaffirmed that petty is a  true poet whom writes of his life and seems to sing about our own lifetimes  in the same instance.  Overall I have to say this is my favorite T Petty  album.  It's also one of those great cd's for a party, b/c it never really  lauls even when it slows down.  Party on/ 420
630575067X|2.0|I was really excited yesterday to pick up Phantom Menace yesterday but was really disappointed when I watched it last night.<br />Most of the the movie is so &quot;compacted&quot; that you miss part of the action at times that  takes place to the left or right from the center of action.  Example: When  Naboo is invaded, Droid fighters fly past the palace (in the movie).  On  video, you hear but do not see and the focus on the queen looking out the  window is a little jerky.<br />Most reactions from actors on the side are  missing as the action unfolds, etc.<br />AVOID THIS VERSION LIKE THE  PLAQUE.<br />Lucas couldn't be bothered to put the time into the DVD version  that he must have fallen asleep at the wheel on this version.   Gee....Thanks, George.<br />Good Movie..Buy the Widescreen (I am, anyne can  bid on my &quot;viewed once&quot; copy in Auctions.)
6305718954|5.0|First off, Stigmata can't really be compared to the Excorcist (Stigmata deals with possesion by a priest who was trying to convey a new gospel, as with the Exorcist dealt with Satanic possesion), and all of the information  regarding the Stigmata is true - just check out the included booklet.  The  video quality in this title is very well done,  and everything comes across  as cleanly as you would expect from a dvd (despite no animorphic format).   The 5.1 surround is also a plus, as the eerie score comes at you from all  directions.  In terms of extras, you get an extra ending (which, in my  opinion, makes everything fall together better), a music video, and the  directors commentary.  There are some disturbing images in this movie, and  its not perfect in any means - but it is NOT trying to be &quot;Excorcist  2000&quot;.  Good movie, good quality = great DVD.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I Was very surprised by hearing &quot;Don Carlos&quot; latest &quot;Opus&quot; because I'am an admirer of his work,especially of his Guitar-Sound and technique. Now,as I heared Track 2 (Love of my life) with  this smashing guitar theme, I was very surprised to hear a theme of the  3.Symphony  by Johannes Brahms (great german classical composer, 1833-  1897). Nevertheless a great shot by &quot;Don Carlos&quot; who shows that  the clssical music has a great &quot;reservoir&quot; of immortal and  beautiful  compositions, worth listen to them.
B00000IQC8|5.0|What I like most about &quot;Clerks&quot; is that I feel as if I am watching a friend's home video. The dialogue is extremely funny and it has the most natural acting I have seen next to the Blair Witch Project. I  definately recommend this movie for anyone who wants a good laugh and a  look at what clerks really think of us customers!
6305750750|5.0|This review is not so much a review of the movie, but more a review of the people who have pulled this movie apart.<br />Let's start off with my favorite pet peeve, that young Anakin Skywalker does not permeate with the evil of  the future Darth Vader. Do you think that at 6 or 8 years old that young  Adolf Hitler gave any kind of signs as to what he would become? Anakin is  just a boy, he is not evil just waiting to get bigger or older. True he  turns evil, but as Obi-wan said in the original Star Wars that Vader was  once a Jedi Knight who turned to the dark side.<br />Pet peeve #2; Too many  loose ends in the movie. What ends were loose? Don't they continue in the  next two prequels? Didn't they have &quot;loose ends&quot; in Star Wars?  and Empire?<br />Pet Peeve #3; I couldn't follow the plot. Give me a break!  Senator Palpatine used the Trade Federation's blockade of Naboo in order to  get Queen Amidala to suggest a &quot;Vote of No Confidence&quot; in Supreme  Chancelor Velorum. Why? To gain that position himself in order to further  his goals of total control over the universe. Naboo, Queen Amidala, Darth  Maul, and the Trade Federation were all pawns in Senator Palpatine's  overall plan.<br />Pet Peeve #4; I hated Jar-Jar Binks. I liked him! He added  a comical part to the movie and showed that everyone despite thier  appearance or race can contribute greatly to society or in this case the  galaxy. I will conceed that I would have like to have seen more of Darth  Maul and less of Jar-Jar.<br />Finally I think the coolest part of the whole  movie is when Qui-Gon Jin punches through the blast doors with his  lightsaber and starts cutting through it. WOW! Second coolest was the  lightsaber duel at the end.<br />Keep up the great work Mr. Lucas, however  consider this. Make the three sequels to Star Wars now while all of the  original cast is still alive. Those three films would be #1, #2 and #3 for  a long, long time.
B000031WD9|4.0|American Pie is one of those classicly demented movies that you'll want to watch on a bad day. It's filled with so much high-school bathroom humor that some won't be able to bear the puns and the jokes.  Anyway, the  anamorphic video quality is outstanding, and the 5.1 surround is great,  though I've heard better use of it. As for special features, you've got a  music video (Tonic), a commentary track, information on cast &amp; crew,  and a promotional featurette complete with nudity and foul language  (yeah!).  Make sure you buy this version instead of the standard DVD  version of American Pie, get to the pie scene and you'll see what I mean!
B000000XH4|5.0|This album is the reason why Bill Evans, Scott LaFaro, and Paul Motian are celebrated as the inventors of the modern piano trio vocabulary:  everyone from Herbie Hancock to Keith Jarrett to Chick Corea to Brad Mehldau to Fred  Hersch totally *copped* their approaches to playing from this recording.  Scott LaFaro, the young bass player, reinvented the bass as a co-lead  instrument (Jaco Pastorius, Phil Lesh, etc etc followed in his footsteps)  at these shows -- and then tragically died in a car accident a week later.  This is the most telepathic trio music ever recorded.  And the subtlety and  lyricism of Evans was at its peak -- after this, everything else was an  attempt to hike back to the summit reached here. It's lovely,  heartbreaking, eternal music.
630021463X|5.0|Filled with adventure, and humor this 4th film in the Statrek series hold its own as one of the best.Directed by Leonard Nimoy himself,the crew of the late Starship Enterprise start their journey back to the Federation  from Vulcan,to face the charges against them in the rescue of their comrade  but,When they find that the federation has been rederned helpless by a  mysterious probe,so the journey to save the planet earth begins.With a  all-star cast,and great visual effects,Startrek:The Voyage Home is hard to  beat.
B000003S16|4.0|This is such an amazing, rich work. After the dissolution of King Crimson in 1975, Fripp felt the world was about to come to an end...literally. When it didn't, he went on with his musical work, and began to explore. And the  explorations led here, to this complex work that is part a showcase for his  experiments, for a seemingly autobiographical subcontextual line, and for  performances by a number of his friends and cohorts, including Peter  Hammill, Peter Gabriel, Daryl Hall, and Maggie Roche. This is a very  complex work, one not taken in easily on a single hearing due to the wealth  of detail throughout, and it's often blessed with both the sublime and the  brutal, like life itself. For every work of savagery such as  &quot;Disengage&quot; or &quot;NY3&quot; or the title track, there are  lovely moments such as &quot;North Star&quot; or the incredible version of  Gabriel's &quot;Here Comes the Flood&quot;. My gripe with the version  offered here, though...and my reason for the loss of one star...is that  this is not the album as originally released. Some alternate takes were  used (&quot;Chicago&quot;, as well as &quot;Here Comes the Flood&quot;,  which appeared in a much sparser version and, to my ears, more poignant  version originally), and this really mars the experience as it seemingly  was originally intended. Should've been left alone, to be sure. But even in  this version, it's still a critically important and vital work which has  dated little and begs to be heard.
6305750750|5.0|For a new viewer who hasn't seen the middle trilogy, this is an excelent beginning to an epic story.  Like many others, when I saw the movie the first time, I was mildly dissapointed and placed the movie #4 of the 4.  After a second viewing and clearing my mind of episodes 4-6, my  appreciation grew and anticipation of coming episodes heightend.  Lucas has set this clockwork into motion with  a masterful opening episode.
B00003CWL6|4.0|K: the man by Kevin Spacey, D: his daughter, W: his wife, G: the girl friend of D, N: the young neighbor, F: N's father<br />   Everyone in this movie changed a lot from the beginning. Each of them at first began to be  boring with his own life. All of them wanted to be very different. K wanted  to be more successful in emotion. W wanted to be more successful in her  job. D wanted to be more free. N wanted to touch more beauty. F wanted his  son to be better.     They changed. I think it is good to change. But they  are not successful indeed. K was more energetic and he seemed to be more  satisfied. but in the end, he found everything is delusion. He found that  he neglected th beauty of surrounding but try to seek beauty he was never  good at seeking.     D is a girl finally becoming brave. But she is too  young about freedom and she had to return home to see her father dying. She  must regret.    G is interesting. Just as N said, she always tried not to  be an ordinary lady. Was she ordinary? Everyone is extraordinary.    N is a  thoughtful youth. Though he caused trouble, he was very active and brave to  find beauty and seek his own style of life.
B0000060NF|5.0|Forget the fact that this album provides perhaps the greatest conceptual ensemble of vocals, lyrics and instrumentals of the rock era.  It is a masterpiece on the strength of it's timeless political commentary alone.   Gaye addresses (from left to right) the environment, helping the  disadvantaged, anti-war sentiments, and police brutality while at the same  time promoting anti-tax, pro-Christian, fiscally conservative, capitalistic  and pro-life ideas!  An album to be enjoyed by music lovers across the  ideological spectrum.
B000003S0R|5.0|After his first 'solo' album, which really was more akin to a Roxy Music album minus Bryan Ferry and with Eno at the helm, Eno hits his stride here with this, his first album that really appears to be of his own focussed  vision. And what a strange, rich vision it is! A loosely-thematic album,  with allusions to espionage, covert activities, dubious politics,  philosophical complexities, and not-so-nice people, Eno crafts a strange  world that at once exudes a strange colonial Britishness, but  simultaneously an otherworldliness that seems to have little to do with  this planet altogether. Musically, this is right up there with  &quot;Another Green World&quot; in terms of attention to evocative  atmospheres, and the quality of playing which Eno gets from his  musicians...yes, even the sub-Suzuki squawk of the Portsmouth  Sinfonia!...is purely sublime. Mid-70s, and not sounding it at all, this is  right up there with landmarks such as &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;,  &quot;Revolver&quot;, &quot;Beggar's Banquet&quot;, and others in the  running for 'perfect pop album'. Perhaps the best starting point...although  you could make the same argument for &quot;Another Green World&quot;, so  perhaps a coin-toss may be in order...for those beginning their exploration  of the complex and vast Eno galaxy.
6305750750|4.0|Yes, the movie did have its flaws. The acting was less than great, and the dialogue was poor at times. However, the images were incredible, and more than make up for the flaws. Yes, the movie was made for children to watch,  but that's not a bad thing, and there is more than enough excitement for  the adults out there. <br /> I watched it again last night and enjoyed it all  the more. If you're one of the few who didn't see it at the theater, watch,  especially with your kids if you have them.
B000002UC5|5.0|This is a McCartney solo album in every way. Not only did he write all the songs himself, but he also did every instrument on the album. This is probably still my favourite McCartney solo album just for the loving  simplicity of the songs. Here is a man who has just found not only the love  of his life and every single song on this album reflects that. Highlights  on the album are &quot;Every Night&quot; (my favourite track), &quot;OO  You&quot;, &quot;Momma Miss America&quot;, &quot;Man We Was Lonely&quot;,  &quot;That Would Be Something&quot; and &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot;. This  is a terrific album from a man who embraces love songs that I feel are far  from being &quot;Silly&quot;. And I would take this album over  &quot;Imagine&quot; anyday.
0891349553|5.0|Katherine Dewey has worked magic with this book.  The instructions are clear and thorough enough that a even a beginning sculptor would be able to create wonderful likenesses of the animals portrayed.<br />For those more  familiar with the aspects of polymer clay and sculpting, this book contains  valuable information and techniques that may be applied to an artist's own  work; thereby improving its strength and quality.  Katherine's use of  armatures and proportion is well explained and portrayed, making this book  an excellent learning resource for beginning sculptors, as well as a superb  reference tool for advanced sculptors.
0780622650|4.0|Although I didn't think this movie was going to be any good..I was surprised to find it visually appealing w/ AWESOME sound (5.1) With the addition of all those 'extras', I believe this is a 'must-have' in a  beginners DVD collection.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This CD is amazing! You MUST buy this CD. I seriously love every single song on this CD.  Each song has its own unique sound and the lyrics will blow you away. I definatly feel &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; will make  Pink a star!
630575067X|4.0|I would rank &quot;Phantom Menace&quot; ahead of &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot;, but behind &quot;Star Wars&quot; and &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot;.  <br />Postives about the movie: <br />1) The special effects are  dazzling, and it takes repeated viewings to see everything. <br />2) Great  sound effects and musical score.<br />3) The battle near the end of the movie  between Darth Maul and the Jedi Knights was exciting.<br />4) The pod race was  terrific to watch, especially if your TV has a stereo system and a large  screen.<br />   Negatives about the movie:  <br />1)  &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;  lacks a charismatic star, like Harrison Ford or even Carrie Fisher.<br />2)   Script is weak at times, and the plot is confusing.  <br />3)  Jar Jar Binks  gets too much camera time.  <br />4)  Jake Lloyd, the boy who played Anakin  Skywalker, was too young for me to believe he could accomplish everything  he did in the film.  <br />5) The movie was about 20 minutes too long.  <br />     If it wasn't for the wonderful special effects, I would probably have given  &quot;Phantom Menance&quot; a lesser rating.  Still, it's a fun movie to  watch, and hopefully the next one will be even better.
B00000DHZJ|1.0|he wasnt that great. his style is way sloppy. he was just a showman. his songs have horrible lyrics except All Along The Watchtower which he illegally stole by Bob Dylan. like a previous reviewer said, Eric Clapton  is better. However, Eric Clapton was the best in Cream.
B00000JCB2|1.0|One of my friends has this CD and I cringe every time they play it. <br />I just want to say my impression of Limp Bizkit is not to high after listening to Significant Other I can't even tolerate what they are singing.  <br />I wouldn't spend a Nickle on this CD some one would have to pay me alot  of Money to even think about purchasing this. <br />Whoever you people are  that are purchasing this CD you have to be crazy. <br />I don't see what you  see in this CD!  <br />I would just like to say don't bother listening to  Significant Other. <br />I don't ever what to hear any of the songs that are  on there ever again.
0395645662|5.0|The Giver written by Lois Lowry is a very well thought outbook.I gave this book five stars because its suspenceful threw theentire book and makes you want to keep reading. I have read this book sevral times and it has never gottin to the point where I was bored with it.
B000023VR6|1.0|After a week or even less i could no longer listen to this album..at the beginning i thought how great it was, but now i even zap when there are clips of da dr on TV becos its getting sooo boring after a short period of  time...its incredible...i can only recommend u to NOT buy this album...what  did happen to DRE?
B00001ZWTT|5.0|this movie was amazing. The dvd rocks and i have seen it three times. SHEER BRILLIANCE!
0684847817|5.0|After a long wait... finally, another EXCELLENT book by Brian Froud. As Usual, the book is full of BREATHTAKINGLY Beautiful Illustrations and very INFORMATIVE stuff about faeries. If you love faeries, this is ANOTHER MUST  HAVE book... if you still don't believe in faeries..THIS is still a MUST  BUY book... you will be brought to a magical world that is beyond words.
0395645662|5.0|The Giver written by Lois Lowry is a very well thought out book.I gave this book five stars because its suspenceful threw the entire book and makes you want to keep reading. I have read this book sevral times and it has never gottin to the point where I was bored with it.
B000005JA8|3.0|I've been listening and understanding prog-rock and experimental rock for a year now but I've been listening to music since I was in my mother's womb.I'm 21 and an aspiring  new age musician and themist. Before I begin,  I must say that  I'm into British bands like &quot;King Crimson&quot; ,  &quot;Van der Graaf Generator&quot;, Genesis, etc. I wanted to know what  the fuss was about with Zappa and co. I had heard Zappa and was a bit  impressed , so I decided to try his colleage &quot;the Captain&quot;. I  thought him to be a lot more underground since I had read about him . I was  awestruck !  I have two opinions in my mind for this album , so here goes:  This album is simply an experiment that was and is a dimwitted  attempt at  avant- garde music. To make avant-garde music I think you need balance  between harmony and disharmony. Don't get me wrong , I know about abstract  art, but this , in my opinion seems to be laking vision . I'm not shure if  they are brilliant artists or clowns. In order to move forward in music one  must first and always be gorgeously melodical . After this is achieved to a  certain level of satisfaction in the musician's perspective , then one can  experiment with dinamics, atonalities and dissonnance.Music reflects life  in a complex subconsciously logical but spiritually valid way. Music like  this offering is an end in itself or perhaps a beginning in this case. No  balance =nothing or maybe everything in this equasion. Try  &quot;Lizard&quot; by &quot;King Crimson &quot; or &quot;Pawn Hearts&quot;  by &quot;VDGG&quot; instead. If you are intelligent you will realize that  guys like me make mistakes. Mistakes should'nt be repeated.Dont buy this  record unless you wan't to masturbate your mind!<br />My second opinion is  &quot;what a genious&quot; the actual idea of a sculptor using sounds,  bodies and people as tools.What a vision! He creates a new art form by  litteally crossing mediums, thus giving chance for a censory expansion  burst! Captain Beefheart may be a brilliant artist with a revolutionnary  vison.Think about it this way: by evoking reaction through extremely  complex music still having just four band members. He makes the mind work  in an abstract way thus creating overwhelming inspirations. But I'm not  convinced because of his lack of seriouseness, I cannot trust him; I don't  know him and his music very well, I just have this album. I cannot say  anything more really.In conclusion I would'nt want him to be my Captain.  One of many good things this album did for me is it truly made me think. I  can't understand how some people can go through it without thinking more of  the experience.  Works like this can truly change things about us and  music.  Thank you,<br />Remi  Tremblay at coincubique@hotmail.comrst! Captain Beefheart may be a brilliant artist with a revolutionnary   vison.Think about it this way: by evoking reaction through extremely  complex music still having just four band members. He makes the mind work  in an abstract way thus creating overwhelming inspirations. But I'm not  convinced because of his lack of seriouseness, I cannot trust him; I don't  know him and his music very well, I just have this album. I cannot say  anything more really.In conclusion I would'nt want him to be my Captain.  One of many good things this album did for me is it truly made me think. I  can't understand how some people can go through it without thinking more of  the experience.  Works like this can truly change things about us and  music.                                             Thank you,<br />Remi  Tremblay at coincubique@hotmail.com
B00002Z88D|5.0|I had never ever been a fan of hard rock but metallica is a total exception. The conductor, Michael K. collaborated the orchestra(San Francisco Orchestra) and a hard metal band(Metallica) and it sounds great.  The best ones are Enter Sandman. The sound is great. If you are a fan of  rock/metal etc. you need to buy this cd!
6305750750|1.0|A movie with the amazing visual and audio quality of Episode 1 deserves a DVD version.  Face it, only using the VHS format is like releasing a new music recording only on cassette tape.  Just for this fact, I give the VHS  version of Episode 1 a single star.
630575067X|5.0|If you haven't seen the Phantom Menace, go watch it now.  It is simply the best STAR WARS to date, and by a long stretch. I know many fans won't agree, but I thought EVERYTHING in this movie was done perfectly.  The  acting is simple, yes, but excellent. Good vs Evil. Liam Neeson is  particularly believable and Ewan Mc Gregor convinces as Obi Wan. The  special effects are absolute bliss. I had never been in such awe during an  entire movie.  The atmosphere is very convincing as well, and the plot is  well explained. The scenario might be a little linear, but it needs to be  in order to keep track of the events. No Star Wars episode featured better  overall acting. Only Harrison Ford is really missed.  Of course the special  effects absolutely crush any former (later?) episode, but it was to be  expected.   The fans disappointed by this movie are so on a very emotional  level, because they learned to grow with the trilogy and watched it so many  times that  the flaws became perfection. With time, this episode will be   subject to the same cult...Objectively, the Phantom Menace is REALLY the  best Star Wars ever made.
B000002JEV|5.0|This is cd is so awesome.  I wanted this cd so bad that after my dad told me I couldn't have it i went behind his back and went out and got it.  It is  well worth.  This cd contains an awesome collection of hard rock songs,  with some good true blue songs to the mix.  The best thing about this cd is  its a live performance, and they are truly at best whey there live.  They  have this way of being able to play different versions of the same song and  just jamming.   Includes some good notes.
B00002E233|2.0|My mother and i watched this movie last night.  From all the reviews, i thought it would be interesting, and a halfway decent action movie.  umm...no.  the computer effects of the sharks are halfway decent, but the  computer-generated people look more like bad video game character  characters than people.  the characters had almost no depth to them, making  me not care whether they lived or died.  we watched the deleted scenes at  the end of the dvd, and if they had been left in, the characters might have  actually had an impact, rather than just be shark food.  the director, in  his commentary, kept saying that they took things out to keep the pace up.  i would rather have learned a little more about the characters.  however, i  did think ll cool j was very good, and he made it funny.
B00004RFFM|5.0|IT WAS A GREAT MOVIE IT HAD SOME LAUGHS AND ALOT OF BLOOD ANDGOAR IF YOU LIKE JAWS YOU WILL LOVE THIS MOVIE AND THE ACTORS DIDGREAT JOBS I DIDNT THINK I WAS GOING TO LIKE IT AT FIRST BECAUSE THE SHARK LOOKED ANIMATED BUT IT WAS GOOD!
B00000J7J4|5.0|TO THOSE WHO HAVE MIXED OR NEGATIVE FEELINGS ON  THIS ALBUM. IF YOU'VE EVER HEARD (I MEAN REALLY HEARD) SANTANA THEN YOU'LL KNOW THAT THIS ALBUM IS NO DIFFERENT FROM HIS OTHERS. ROB THOMAS IS JUST THE ADDED TOUCH THAT  BRINGS OUT THE SONG SMOOTH, WHICH IS JUST ONE OF THE BETTER SONGS!  I  ENCOURGE YOU TO GET THIS ALBUM (CD, STILL LIVING IN THE GOOD OL' DAYS) IF  YOU WEREN'T EVER SURE ABOUT SANTANA THIS ALBUM (CD) WILL INSPIRE YOU TO  WANT MORE OF SANTANA! IF YOUR NOT SATISFIED I'D EVEN LIKE TO KNOW. REFER TO  MY E-MAIL ADDRESS ABOVE. I'M ALSO LOOKING INTO STARTING A FAN CLUB FOR  CARLOS. ANY KICKBACK ON THAT SUBJECT? SIGNED ONE WHO IS VERY PLEASED FROM  THE OLD SCHOOL (AND I'M BACK IN SCHOOL). THERE IS SO MUCH MORE THAT I WOULD  LOVE TO SAY ABOUT CARLOS SANTANA BUT THEY ONLY GIVE SO MUCH ROOM.  WILLING  TO CHAT WITH ANYBODY.
B00000K31V|5.0|The film has a plot that is much more accessible than most others by Cronenberg.  I was hesitant to watch this film after Crash, which I herald as one of the most painful films to watch--ever.  This movie incorporates  elements of action with suspense, all the while requiring you to think  about the events that were transpiring.  You begin to wonder yourself,  where the two leads began the game, and how their actions (crimes) affected  them [they themselves were unsure at points in the movie].  It was great  and grows more interesting with subsequent viewings.
0670824399|5.0|In the book of Matilda I found it quite interesting.  Well the first chapter gets you right into the book.  If you do not read the back of the book then you probably will not understand the book really.  The first chapter is called The reader of Books.  Matilda's mom is in her room doing  her hair, and then Matilda asks her dad if she can go to the library. So he  said &quot; What d oyu want a book for when you have the T.V sitting right  in front of you?&quot;  He takes her to her mom's room.  &quot; How old is  Matilda?&quot; &quot;four&quot;  &quot;I'm six and a half mommy.    &quot;five then&quot; said her mom.     That chapter gets you right into  the book.  Then again, you may not think it is interesting.  I thought it  was very interesting.  I could not put down the book.  That is how good it  is.
6305750750|2.0|I am a fan of the original Star Wars and its first sequel, The Empire Strikes Back.  Phantom Menace continues the trend  began in Return of the Jedi, with the series stressing its appeal to children rather than  developing a coherent storyline and developed characters.  But hey, kids  are the ones who buy the action figures (mostly!) and thus that is who the  movie is geared towards.   The special effects are excellent, but cannot  carry a movie by themselves.  The poorly conceived story of Phantom Menace  is appalling, especially when you consider that George Lucas has 15 years  to come up with one.  For example, the film could have started with Kenobi  getting his last lesson from Yoda before embarking on his first mission  with Qui-Gon, considering that Obi Wan is the central character of the  film.  Anakin Skywalker should have been older, say as a cocky headstrong  teenager rather than a cute little boy.  The taxation of trade routes  problem is not properly explained (who is taxing whom, and how does bombing  Naboo into smithereens solve the problem?) nor are the Sith Lords explained  either, though the next film will probably address this.  Darth Maul is an  intense and interesting villain, but he is not given very much to say or  do, and thus he never generates the hatred and loathing that Darth Vader  elicits from the viewers.  While R2D2 and C3PO are thrown in to give some  continuity with the original series, having C3PO created by Anakin/Darth  Vader is not credible at all.  This movie could have had great potential if  the story was probably developed, but in the end one can't help but feel  that this was cranked out just to make a lot of bucks.  Unless you are an  absolute die hard fan of the series, there is no reason to purchase this  film.
630575067X|1.0|I would buy this if it were on DVD.
0671576089|5.0|Angela's Ashes is a memoir which tells of Frank McCourt, born in Brooklyn  during the Depression to recent Irish immigrants who search for a new life  in the States. A child's survival of poverty and hardship in a brave new  country makes for a winning account which comes alive under audio  treatment, narrated by the author.
B00004OCRN|4.0|A pretty solid CD.  This acoustic version of &quot;Born to Run&quot; is an extraordinary, stripped down method of delivery.  Buy this CD just to have another version of this song.
0440234743|4.0|The Testament, overall, is a rather good book but it wasn't as entertaining as the others. You should like this book if you are a Grisham fan, but if you aren't then only if you are a jungle fan you might like  it.<br />Think of The Testament as this: a drunk man who peddals down the  jungle looking for some missionary woman with the Indians. He finds her.  She doesn't want the money. And, as expected, all the legal stuff comes in,  then the end. <br />Be prepared to read this book nonstop for some time,  because that's what usually happens with Grisham books. That is basically  the difference between him and others. His books are entertaining to some  extent. But some people think he doesn't write well, but what is the  definition of &quot;writing well&quot;? Everyone has their own opinions,  but I think his writing is logical and candid, and ultimately that's what  sets him apart. As I said before, everyone is entitled to their opinions.
6305718954|5.0|Just had this film shipped over to the UK, watched it this evening and was so glad I did. <br />Enjoyed every single minute.<br />Having only seen the trailer once, I ordered the film blind (without checking it out at the  cinema).<br />The marketing of the film here in the UK hardly made an impact  on me, and I certainly didnt go into the film expecting a millenium update  of The Exorcist.<br />Great atmosphere, Nice all round performances -  especially Arquette and Byrne, superb direction, editing and  soundtrack.<br />DVD has an extremely nice animated menu area - Nice one MGM.  Extra`s good too.<br />Well worth purchasing.
B000002HGD|4.0|Everything is Wrong by Moby may be his most interesting album. It contains the soaring, beautiful rave music in &quot;Feeling So Real&quot;, the somber piano melody of &quot;Hymn&quot; and the deep, spiritual feel in  &quot;Into the Blue&quot;. The result is  an album that features Moby's  various tastes and talents in different genres of music. I think more of  this album as a Moby sampler. A very good sampler. However, it may sound  like a &quot;club&quot; cd to the mainstream people who recently discovered  Moby after he was OVER-EXPOSED  by the media and MTV. In my opinion that  was a HUGE mistake. Moby is way too talented to cater to the likes of  people who listen to N'Sync and Busta Rhymes.
0684833395|5.0|Screw Tolstoy, this is the greatest war book ever written. Heller reinvented the novel with a totally unique approach to character development.<br />He lets us get inside the mind of very disturbed people in  one of the funniest and clever books ever written. And the dialogue and  character studies are still some of the funniest, and most original in  print today. A modern classic by any measure.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I used to listen to rage when I was in 9th grade, then I went through a musical evolution.  I went through every Dylan album, every Beatles album, and experimented with the greatest albums ever made.  From &quot;The White  Album&quot; to &quot;Highway 61&quot;.  I then went into classical,  listening to the likes of Mozart, Chopin, Tchaikovsky, and many more.   Then, thanks to MP3's, i got a chance to come back to RATM. First I went  back to the beggining, then to Evil Empire.  I was astounded, I reclaimed  the love and the joy I used to have listening to a band with voice and  musical greatness to back it up.  Then I checked out &quot;Battle&quot;.  I  like most of the songs here, they seem to be experimenting more with  foreign rhythms.  Sure some of the songs seem revamped from EE and RATM,  but most of the songs here are totally origional.  I don't know if I should  tell you to buy it, because I didn't.  So i'll just say &quot;this cd is  worth your while&quot;<br />Rage is definantly the best rock band out right  now.  Korn sold out after their first album, and Limp Bizkit is just a  bunch of poser's.
B00002EPJH|5.0|Pianist Keith Jarrett has certainly done his share of solo recordings and also pledged his allegiance to the standards that make up the Great American Songbook. Only now though has he brought these two passions  together. THE MELODY AT NIGHT, WITH YOU may have been a long time in  coming, but it was worth the wait. Jarrett's touch remains unparalleled.  Each note he plays has a vocal quality, a singing tone that imparts depths  of direct expression.
0783240503|4.0|We saw Donny Osmond in Joseph in 1996 and loved it, and when we heard the show was coming out on video we got apprehensive that they would try do more with the story and change our overall feelings of the show. We  couldn't have been any more wrong, they did an excellent job of bring a  Broadway show to video without screwing it up. The opening was an added  dimension, Donny Osmaond was excellent and the narrator was also great.I  recommend this video to anyone who loves theatre and a good musical.
6300184080|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I did not really want to see it because it had Cher in it, and I never cared for her.  After the movie, I have loved her ever since.  Unbelievable performance!  <br />This movie is great  for anyone who struggles with inferiority complexes about their  &quot;looks&quot; as practically everyone in this country does.  Rocky, in  spite of his horrible deformity, actually begins to look kind of cute as  you go through the movie, due to his great personality and outlook!  It  makes you realize that &quot;personality&quot; truly does determine how a  person looks to other people--and not so much the physical appearance.<br />I  highly recommend this movie!
6305513414|5.0|It never ceases to amaze me how Star Trek was able to bypass the censors by outwitting them with well written stories.<br />Take &quot;Mudd's Women&quot; for example: Here we have three scantily clad females in a thought provoking allegory about the true meaning of beauty. In today's world of rampant cosmetic surgery and designer bodies, the story rings even truer that when it was written. Bill Theiss created some wonderfull costumes with almost no budget. He used to say that an outfits' sexiness was directly related to the appearance that is was about to fall off, and that is certainly true here.<br />&quot;The Enemy Within&quot; deals with the nature of good and evil. Kirk's attempted rape of Yeoman Janice Rand was almost shockingly graphic for 60s television. One minor nit in the story is that the crew could have sent down a shuttlecraft to retrieve the landing party. Nevertheless, this is a story with depth and some fine acting from all involved.
6305657947|1.0|its like toxic waste for your senses under no circumstance should you watch this movie
B000005YZM|5.0|This one is a steal. A really great answer to Sergeant Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band. While others attempted it, the Zombies pulled off a great psychadelic classic.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The great thing about music is that it can stay rooted in a great sound and yet keep exploring new areas. Santana has always been that way and this disc is one of my favorites. Try Pomegranate's Larry Lane, too. Both albums  are really masterpieces of moving ahead while staying in the groove.
B000002C1X|2.0|&quot;The Wall&quot; is actually a pretty good song with its driving bass and distorted guitar.  Nevertheless, true to form, they ruin it at the end with the screeching voice saying &quot;you won't get any pudding!&quot;   Why did these guys find it so hard to just be normal?
B0000060NA|5.0|This CD elicits the care free and yet idealistic times of the 1970's as surely as pictures of bell bottom pants and big afros. To think that one man wrote it all and played most of the musical instruments.<br />I can have  no favourites...&quot;As&quot;, &quot;Joy Inside my tears&quot;,  &quot;Love's in need&quot;... For poetry of love, &quot;Knocks me off my  Feet&quot;. This album is a phenomenal effort made to feel effortless by a  beyond talented musician. In this album Stevie Wonder presented for us his  vision of a world in which justice and love would reign. At the same time  he was romantic, contemplative, angry. Music for all moods. Stevie is  perhaps second only to Bob Marley  as the musician of the 1970's.
B000005J56|4.0|This is an amazing sample of Central/South American music.  I would recommend it to anyone who likes Santana.
630575067X|4.0|Not the best, but was Return Of The Jedi great? No, but this was a good movie. I hated it the first time, loved it the second. People bust on this movie now because the world is much more cynical than it was when the first  ones were released. If you can watch this movie without being like that,  and letting your imagination go for two hours, you will love it. The world  needs more entertainment that allows you to do that.
0136879721|5.0|In 1974 I was given the book &quot;The Power of Your Subconscious Mind&quot; The book was a present to me from my boss and mentor.....And, before a year was up, my life changed completely.  It takes practice and it takes  faith....but, I can tell you it's worth it and it works.   Since that time  I have given away over 50 copies as presents, and I usually include a copy  of &quot;The Game of Life and How To Play It&quot; by Florence Scovill  Shinn.....These two books alone will change your life if you understand,  practice, and above all believe.   Don't just read them once or  twice....read them everyday, over and over, pieces at a time, for the rest  of your life, and soon you too will be buying them by the case to give to  every person you meet.   Be prepared for amazing things to happen to you.
B000001Y79|1.0|Well... I bought this CD apon hearing Dont Speak (the only song I like besides Tragic Kingdom). Spider Webs was stupid garbage (leave a message and Ill call you back? What the hell is that?)Dont buy this CD. Its  terrible.Its a untalented lyrical nightmare.
0440203856|5.0|I love this book! I haven't read one that is as good as Zoya for a very very long time if ever! I started reading this 500 page novel on a Saturday and couldn't put it down (by no means was my sat. wasted however!)I was  laughing and crying through out this entire book. I would recommend it to  anyone!
0783242808|4.0|I thought this movie was so funny, not recommeded for young kids, just a normal everyday thing a guy thinks about doing.
0312932081|5.0|I have analyzed the public reviews of the 1st 32 books onAmazon's Millenium Book List, and am interested to find that for mostof the 1st 31 there were substantial numbers of 1-star ratings. In other words people either loved or hated many of these books. Ender's Game, #32 on the list, however, is overwhelmingly 5-star rated, with only one or two 1-star ratings. This tells me that the only reason that Ender's Game is not ranked higher on the list is that not enough people have read it. Most likely it suffers lack of readership simply by being a member of the Sci-fi genre.  Those who turn up their noses at the idea of sci-fi should read Ender's Game. People, I have read 16 out of the top 31 on that list and enjoyed them all, barring one. However, #32 on the list, Ender's Game is as great or greater than any of them. Yes, the setting is sci-fi, but this book is far more than that. This book has intense emotional and psychological impact. It is gripping from beginning to end, far more so than any other book I have ever read. Orson Card's development of the characters of Ender, and others in the book is masterful. The twist at the end is perfect. If more English teachers would assign this book, more children who think they don't like to read, would decide that they do. However, I read this novel as an adult, as did all of my friends. We all loved it, unanimously. READ IT!
0395645662|2.0|This is not a really exciting. And it was boring becuse it was way to long  and  it was weird in parts. Becuse it was not what you think is going to be  and it isent what you think it will be what you want to happen.  Well have  fun reading!!!!!!!!!!!!
0553573403|5.0|I've been reading fantasy for 19 years, and this is only the second book I've read twice!<br />The best thing about this story is the vulnerability of ALL characters.  No one is safe. No one is above injury.  All of the  characters are very mortal, so we truly do not know what will happen  between chapters.  This makes for very interesting reading.<br />My favorite  thing @ GoT is how the main characters by the end of the book were not the  main characters at the beginning of the story.  The ones I thought were the  catalyst for future events weren't, and the ones I was sure would die or  become insignificant, became critical. For example: Robert, Jamie, and  Eddard were critical characters to get the ball rolling, but they are not  essential to the saga.  Make sense?<br />Other good points - Tyrion is a  wonderful character.  He's a bad guy, or was, yes he is, well wait, maybe  he's not. The different perspectives between chapters also makes for  interesting reading.<br />Of course there are a few things I didn't like.  The  ending to Eddard Stark's storyline left me furious, but good writing will  do that to ya. The whole Dothraki/Daenyres chapters seem out of place, and  they remind me too much of Aiel and the waste land from the Wheel of Time.  But that is my problem, not the fault of Mr. Martin.<br />Read this book -  twice!  It is a non-stop action packed ride that will grip you and keep you  in its grasp until the very end.  Then you'll be forced to read Clash of  Kings.
6305807086|5.0|Being John Malcovich is the most origional movie I have EVER seen.  This movie is awesome.  If you have not seen it I would recommend you see it as soon as possible.  The origionality and comedy of the movie were  incredible.  Buy it today.
0380804557|4.0|Stardust is a great book. The characters are whole and unique, and the realm of Faerie, and it's inhabitatns, are described beautifully. The story is nothing new, a man goes off on a quest in order to win the heart of his  love, but it's what happens on the quest itself that makes the story so  charming. The only complaint I have about the book is that I thought it too  short. I was so interested in the world of Faerie that I felt cheated that  I didn't get to see more by the end of the book. I think this book could  have easily been expanded without taking anything away from the core story.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This CD Just kicks.  The music just makes you feel the lyrics wich I must say are excellent.  The lyrics almost draw a picture of what the song's about.
6304011431|5.0|This is a beautiful and touching movie.  I loved it!  I criedthrough alot of it because it is so sad but I loved it so much!  Getit! You won't regret it!
B00003CXBK|4.0|Hayaou Miyazaki never ceases to amaze me.  Allow me to add my accolades to the list.  The story, the characters, the dialogue, and the visuals make for a complete film, and only complete films make for classics.  Punk kids  and English majors alike can find much in this film to appreciate.  It is  an experience.<br />Unfortunately, like many Japanese anime films, the ending  of this one felt weird or awkward.  The only other negative comment I have  is directed soley toward Disney:  JAPANESE FILMS MUST BE IN JAPANESE!  It  seems senseless that with all the DVD's capabilities, this one will neither  include the film's orginal language or 5.1 Dolby Digital.  What a waste of  an otherwise great DVD.
0792837614|5.0|This movie is absolutely fantastic! Having recieved 10 academy awards, you should know that it's gold. The music is wonderfull, the lyrics nothing short of perfection. One of the few movies that has a variety of material;  comedy, action, sad parts, it's a great movie I loved it and highly  recommend you buying it. It is one of those movies that will be cherished  for all time.
0345340426|3.0|this is not just a fairy story. it is a enjoyable book for young and old  alike.it is funny and sad at the same time. some will find it heavy to     read. its sometimes hard to follow. some children may find it a bit         scary.
6305750750|2.0|I think this movie was played out along time ago but to go and make the first episode was a waste of time and money. I think that the other star wars episodes were fine and then they have to go along and make a new one.  This movie has been played out to many times
0451197968|5.0|The future is much different from the time we live in now.  Jobless people are glued to their Free-Vee's.  The only means for entertainment are &quot;The Games&quot;.  &quot;From &quot;Treadmill to bucks&quot; and  &quot;Climbing for Dollars&quot; to the sadistic &quot;Running Man&quot;!   Benjamin Richards is out of work.  His infant daughter is sick and his  family is running out of money.  Richards resorts to &quot;The Games&quot;  to pay for his family.  Ben goes to &quot;The Games&quot; building where he  is assigned to &quot;THE RUNNING MAN&quot;.  Here he meets Killian, the  owner of &quot;The Games&quot;.  Richards must run to earn money.  The  rules are simple.  For every hour he is at large, he gets more money for  his family.  He can go anywhere in the nation.  He can be reported by  people.  He must mail two 10 minute video clips of himself in daily or else  he will be running for free!  All of this does not get Ben down.  Getting a  head start, Richards runs through cities meeting new people.  He gets some  allies as well as enemies.  From purchasing fake I.D.'s to stealing cars,  Ben keeps on the run.  What will happen to Ben Richards?  Will he survive  the Game that nobody else has?  You'll have to find out for yourself in  &quot;THE RUNNING MAN&quot;.
6305718903|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the plot in this movie. I thought that the writer kept the suspense going throughout the movie. I was totally on the edge of my seat the whole time. Once I get enough money together I will definately  buy a copy. I think the 7 dollars that I spent to see this movie were well  worth it. I absolutely enjoyed the suspense and thrill of not knowing what  would happen until the very end.
0451169514|5.0|IT WAS THE BEST BOOK I'VE EVER READ. THERE WAS MORE EXCITEMENT IN IT THAN ANY OTHER BOOK. STEVEN KING IS THE BEST AUTHOR IN THE 21ST CENTURY. I'VE ALWAYS LOVED STEVEN KING. IM NOT SUPRISED THIS BOOK WAS SO GOOD, ALL HIS  BOOKS ARE.
0380973464|5.0|I approached this with some doubts. Having enjoyed Snowcrash and The Diamond Age, I did not expect something this ambitious. It worked wonderfully at all levels for me. The constant flip from past to present  was handled well and the whole volume was hugely entertaining. Another  triumph. If you have not read it, go and buy it now !
B00000J7J4|1.0|It's true my friend Penny ask me to buy this cd on Sunday. I said no way. I wont do it. So she buy's it and play's it on the way to her place. I told her to shut it off. I do hate this guy who comes out over the blue and does  and album and then at the award's show,takes and award from The Dixie  Chick's. The best female band ever. You may now wonder if my friend Penny  turned it off. She did it, but she was mad.
6301016289|5.0|I write this review after I lost 25% of my retirement fund in yesterday's Wild Ride. The only thing i could think of is the scene where Gekko is standing at the window, and says &quot;Dump it. Dump it all!&quot; This movie has some astonishing performances, Michael Douglas and also the supporting cast. Martin Sheen is often overlooked as Bud Fox's hardworking, blue collar Dad. The director makes wonderful use of New York City locations and the natural light you can never duplicate in a sound studio or Toronto. Sylvia Miles steals the short scenes she is in. Being in sales, I strongly identify the scenes where Bud is cold calling on the phone and trying to hang onto his job and his American Express account. A masterpiece!
0060977493|4.0|The God of Small Things is the tale of Estha, his two-egg twin sister, Rahel, and their divorced mother, Ammu, who live in south India in Christian, westernized and Communist Kerala. They and their family of  Anglophiles struggle through the heartaches and heartbreaks of India's  longstanding and unavoidable traditions, the Big Things.  The story centers  on the death of their English cousin and is overlapped by several events  that lead to the deterioration of the family.  Their misfortunes stem from  their neglect to acknowledge the Love Laws.  Which lay down who should be  loved. And how.  And how much.  Told from the child's point of view,  the novel is playful and eloquent at the same time. Dum Dum.  Childhood is  captured and every perspective- imagination, lack of understanding, fear,  independence, vulnerability, friendship, jealousy and wonderment- is  preserved with the mangoes at Paradise and Pickles Preserves.    The tale  is skillfully concocted to pull the reader's own experiences into the  children's.  Roy's style is poetic, vivid and whimsical.  The large overall  story contains many smaller ones that can stand alone and attract a variety  of readers.  The novel is not told in sequence but starts at the end,  jumps back and forth, gives insight into the future, drops hints and goes  back to the beginning.  This made it very frustrating to read along with  the fact that by the time I realized the beauty in the story I only had  twenty pages to go and 300 behind that I had loathed.  Yet, I recommend it  because it is inspirational and I believe that if I read it a second time I  would probably love it.
6302732875|4.0|When I first saw this film. I winced. I am a commissioned sales person and have been in similar situations many times.  I have seen sales people go to pieces and resort to criminal activity when they attempted to save their  jobs. I love the movie and am buying the video to keep me on my toes.
6304106017|1.0|This is described on the box as &quot;Hip and funny.&quot;  Tarantino's character rapes and murders a hostage.  Clooney and Tarantino shoot up a clerk and eventually burn him alive.  Someone explain this to me - which  one is hip and which one is funny?  And that's before this turkey turns  into an ridiculous special effects gore fest vampire movie.  I don't get  it, and I don't want to.
0440224764|5.0|Just when I thought Grisham couldn't get any better! The story of Patrick Lannigan will keep you spellbound from the first to the last page. I couldn't put this one down - you won't believe the twists and turns this  book takes, and the ending will leave you speechless!
006016848X|2.0|My dog ate my 'significant other's' copy of 'Men Are From Mars Women Are From Venus' so I am shopping for a new copy to replace it.  <br />I had suggested he get the book (S.O. not the dog) during an argument a couple of  years ago.  He did.  He has not read the whole thing. <br />I had read parts  of it in 1994.  <br />It is an OK book.  John Gray really simplifies the  problems of communicating along gender lines.  <br />Back in 1994 or 1995 I  went to a lecture about Myers Briggs, personality types and this book by  John Gray.  The local woman, Susan S. (now Rev. Susan S. I believe)  who  gave the lecture said John Gray simplified things along the lines of  gender.  I kind of Poo Poo'd her arguments back then.  As I have reread the  book I have to agree.  It is much more complex than Men and Women.   <br />Meiers Briggs and similar personality studies break all people down to  16 different personality types.  There is one set of indicators that is  statistically more divided  along gender lines.  That is what Grays book  focuses on. <br />That is why 'Men Are From Mars Women Are From Venus'  has  sold so many copies.  Because we care so much about getting along and  understanding one person in our lives.  Or a series of 'one persons in our  life' over a lifetime.  <br />There are those of us who are not exactly in  line with Gray's analysis of &quot;this is what women do, say, think&quot;  and &quot;this is the way men do, say think, react.&quot;  A small  percentage of men and women who are not easy to put into those little peg  holes Gray's book describes as male and female.  <br />Getting along and  understanding everyone in our lives is important.   <br />I have read books  about the sixteen different personality types and think a better book is by  David Keirsey and Marilyn Bates.  I believe the title is 'Please Understand  Me'.   There is another book I have read part of is 'Sixteen Ways to Love  Your Lover' I can't think of the authors name.       <br />Grays book is a  starting point if you are interested in communication and relationships but  it only goes so far.<br />It is fun to do the tests in some of the books on  personality types to see which of the sixteen types you are.  And which of  the sixteen  personality types your friends are, if they will take the  test.  With Grays book you know which group he has lumped you in with.   <br />Gray is a marriage counselor...  but the world is diverse.  We have  relationships with family, friends, co-workers, clients...  better be able  to understand and communicate with all of them.<br />INTP (Introvert,  iNntuitive, Thinking, Percieving) female
B00000JCOV|4.0|I have to give credit to Slipknot for creating one of the most exciting yet unoriginal metal albums ever. I am not bashing any part of this CD, but I just want to let people know that it actually came out a few years ago!  Yeah, in the form of Sepultura's &quot;Roots&quot;! This likeness, however,  could all be attributed to Ross Robinson. But one has to wonder, is that  Max behind the mask?
630575067X|1.0|After reading the reviews here, it seems to me that a bunch of Star Wars geeks decided to give their collective 2 cents and conspired to give a bunch of 5 stars just to boost the ratings up.  But even the most ardent  Lucas freak has to admit that this installment of our favorite saga is  weak, frought with annoying, shallow characters, a thin as Ally McBeal  plot, and special effects that only seem to serve to distract from how  awful this film really is.  The original trilogy used special effects to  complement and add a dramatic touch to the action (crude as they look  today).  However, in &quot;Menace&quot; the technology overwhelms the film  (not to mention the characters and the plot) to the point where the viewer  feels as if Lucas intended the special effects to sustain the movie.  After  a while it seems to be, in the words of a local publication, &quot;One long  Toys R Us commercial&quot;.  C'mon now, you REALLY, HONESTLY, think this is  a great movie?  I think many people who have written reviews are simply  blinded by their idolatry of Mr. Lucas, or they just can't admit that all  that waiting in line and counting down the days until the movie's premiere  was just a WASTE OF ENERGY AND TIME- JUST LIKE THIS MOVIE.  Sentimentality,  I'm sure, also has alot to do with the high ratings- if you grew up like me  mesmerized by the originals (not to mention the merchandise), then you hate  to admit that your fond memories of a wonderful cinematic experience are  bastardized and reduced to this mindless repackaging job that has no  refernce to what you originally saw years ago.  Please Star Wars fans-  admit that you can't go home again and replay the original trilogy-- maybe  it will make Mr. Lucas reconsider continuing this farce.
6305297525|5.0|This is movie is more than touching. It makes you think of what heaven and hell REALLY is like and what will happen to you when you die. I never got up watching this movie. Oh, and be sure to include some tissues with this  as well. It's a MAJOR tearjerker! You've GOT to see it!
B0000004V2|5.0|this album musically captures everything that is wonderfulabout sexuality and ecstasy. the album as a whole may be greater thanthe sum of its parts, but with standouts like &quot;don't stop&quot; and &quot;sugar spun sister&quot; it doesn't matter how the masterpiece cares to manifest itself.  just listen and if your lover can't be lying beside you that night, at least you'll fall asleep with a smile on your face.  END
6302969352|5.0|Being totally blown away by Akira Kurosawa's &quot;Ran&quot;, I had to see more of his work.  I was not disappointed.  There are not enough adjectives to properly praise this film. Even my 3 year old daughter recognized  Kurosawa's influence on other movies-she watched a samurai sequence and  promptly proclaimed &quot;Star Wars!&quot;
6305537798|3.0|I remember when my friends talked about wanting to see this movie.. they all wanted to see Andrew Keegan because they think is the a cutie.. And don't get me wrong, because he is a cutie lol, but all I thought was that  this movie would be a cheesy teen flick. When we saw the movie, I liked  it.. I'm not saying it wasn't cheesy, because it does have it moments.. but  i realy thought it was intresting how Sheaksphere's The Taming of the Shrew  was &quot;updated&quot; for many teen today.. it was intresting to see a  new verion of Sheaksphere's work.
1572522089|5.0|I grudgingly rented this movie on the recommendation of my brother (who's taste in movies runs toward Conan the Barbarian and First Blood.)  For once, my brother turned me on to something worth watching.  I was  captivated.  I became an Akira Kurosawa fan instantly. Loved Kaede-finally  a female role with teeth.
0375420525|1.0|A gimmicky waste.  Don't go in; there's nothing there.
B000002LGW|5.0|Not only is this is one of the best comprehenisve live album by Depeche Mode, but it probably one of the best live albums I've ever heard. it encompases all the singles of DP's early years,and the songs themselves are  representive of Depeche Modes's talent for their time. If you like  music  of the early beginnings of electronica music....you will love this album.
B000002NZO|3.0|Trespass shows Genesis improving instrumentally over their first album (which I liked also)but not yet at their peak. John Mayhew was an inadequate drummer (too basic rock) for a group of this nature. Anthony  Phillips is not in the same league with Steve Hackett. No moog or melotron  yet, as Tony Banks just plays piano and organ (well). Only &quot;The  Knife&quot; really stands out, and even then it's a little too psych to be  in the league with their classic material. Still a good buy and their roots  are fascinating. Actually I  find myself listening to From Genesis To  Revelation more often than Trespass though.
1573227978|4.0|I read this book in one day.  It was great.  For those who say there is not enough character development, think again.  The lead character (Richard) seems uncaring and unfeeling at times but then again, most generation x'ers do at times (myself included).  Telling this story in the  first person was brilliant, I really connected with Richard and what he was  feeling (or wasn't feeling and maybe should have).  At times I thought he  seemed cold and distant until he slams into a brutal reality that makes him  feel some emotions.  This is a great read for a generation brought up  watching too much tv and playing too many video games and not experiencing  life as it should be experienced.  The whole concept of there is no  paradise, you have to live with yourself and adapt to your surroundings  wherever you go was the best thing about this book.  Really makes you  think.
6304806434|3.0|If you forget the bad script and plotholes that are included in every typical action movie,it's a pretty good thrill ride.With explosions and action.Don't think too much when you watch,and the actors are really  good.Malkovich is great,so is Cage.Also Buscemi is good as the biggest  psycopath(Which he seems to be type-casted for big budget movies). In the  end,sure you can nit-pick on rasism and so on but it's an enjoyable action  movie for a boring saturday evening...
6305750750|3.0|The am not impressed by having no choice in puchasing the wide screen version in a higher priced &quot;collector edition&quot;!  I guess that the big guns at the studio are going to bilk it for all its worth, and then  come up with different formats for yet more moneys.  Laser disk, or DVD?,  stand by for a bit for yet more dollars. returned.
0783240236|4.0|The Birds is one of my all time favorite movies. The setting, the special-effects, and the performances are all perfectly suited to a story about birds gone berserk! I first saw this movie when I was eleven. At the  time I was caught up in the suspense and special-effects. In subsequent  viewings of this film as an adult, I have picked up on many scenes which I  am convinced Hitchcock included for their humor. In one scene Melanie is  flying down the coast highway towards Bodega Bay and each time she rounds a  curve her tires are squealing. In one shot, the lovebirds she has in her  car are shown in their cage leaning this way and that for leverage. In  another scene, Melanie is at the house of Annie Hayworth, the school  teacher. She has never met her before in her life. She goes to the front  door and knocks. Annie is in the backyard and calls out, &quot;Who is  it?&quot; Melanie answers, &quot;Me.&quot; These scenes always illicit a  laugh from everyone when I play this film. I ordered this DVD right after  it came out, eagerly anticipating the &quot;Deleted scene&quot; and  &quot;Original ending&quot;. I was greatly disappointed. The deleted scene  is nothing more than shots of the script alternating with production  stills. The original ending is shots of the script alternating with  storyboard sketches of what the original ending would have looked like. I  think that it is very deceiving to include that information on the DVD  packaging and not elaborate on the actual content. When people see  &quot;Deleted scene&quot; and &quot;Original ending&quot;, they expect to  see a filmed version of it, not script shots and storyboard sketches  flashed across the screen. They didn't even include any narration with  these &quot;extras&quot;. That would have made it a little more interesting  at least. I did find the behind-the-scenes documentary &quot;All About The  Birds&quot; fascinating and delightful. It includes a lot of technical  information and behind-the-scenesstories from some of the cast members.  That, and Tippi Hedren's screen test more than made up for the  disappointing &quot;Deleted scene&quot; and &quot;Original ending&quot;.  The only other criticism I have is the 2.0 Mono audio track. Why?  This  movie is the perfect showcase for stereo sound with all of the special  sound effects of the bird attacks. If you are a fan of The Birds, I would  recommend that you purchase this movie. Even with its drawbacks, you won't  be sorry this DVD is in your collection.
6305750750|5.0|How can you people sit around and do this? How can you critic George Lucas's masterpiece? I thought this movie was EXELLENT!  While I agree that Jar Jar was a bit much, and I'm a little ticked about Lucas not  putting TPM out on DVD, I still loved it all. I mean, come on! This is Star  Wars! Let me remind you that this movie was not meant to be like the  others. TPM was meant to familiarize you with the characters, and to  prepare you for the next movie. I don't care what anyone says, this is  still my favorite movie. I think it should have been nominated for an  Oscar.
630575067X|4.0|I mean, what makes Jar Jar Binks a negative racial stereotype. He's not even human, he doesn't sound like the cliche stereotype (except for the fact that when I read the book, his speech loooked a bit Carribean in  print--but doesn't sound that way on film). In this film, he reminds me  more of Lou Costello with his wackiness and excitability (when the head of  state of his people confers general's rank on him, he passes out). I'm glad  they chose an English guy for the younger Obi Wan Kenobi--if they'd hired  some American dude, it would have spoiled the whole presence of the  character. It's a bit of a reach to see little Anakin Skywalker as such a  talented pilot at that young an age--an ability his son would inherit. But  the book doesn't begin to capture the charm of Padme (aka the actual Queen  Amidala). That girl can brighten up a room just by walking the door and has  a serenity which transcends the fact that she's just a kid. All in all,  this is quite a decent flick. It's far too easy to measure it against the  original trilogy, but that's exactly what I suggest. Ignore all the hype  and marketing, ignore all the naysayers who call it a ripoff of the orignal  trilogy. It's one movie on a single cassette or disc. Watch it on that  basis only.
B00000IPAX|1.0|The golden rule of punk is, whenever a band shows up on JayLeno you cease to be punk.<br />Don't do the &quot;just because they aresuccessful doesent mean they are not punk!&quot;, yes it does.  to this band.<br />This is very poppy commercial sounding music. The songs have no real message and nobody is pissed! Great production but what else do you expect from a corporate band. The songs have no soul the band has no plans. Go get some Dead Kennedys and re-educate yourself.
6305537798|5.0|I just wanted to say that this movie is one of the coolest onesI have seen lately on video.  I missed it on the big screen but rightnow I can honestly say that it rules.  It is kind of the same in a way from all the other teen flicks but different and unique in its own way.  The soundtrack helps it so much.  Rent or buy it soon, you wont be dissapointed.  END
B00004RHZU|5.0|This album is really good. It's an album that you can listen to straight through with out skipping songs. All of the songs have awesome beats and her lyrics are really cool. If you're not and r&amp;b fan, you will still  like this record, it has something for everyone.
0140283587|4.0|I read this book whilst travelling through India, a country which will shock you and yet draw you into the chaos, if you do it right. This book reflected in a completely sarcastic way the exact events and enlightenment  that I experienced, Dave the traveller went to India unprepared and came  out a changed individual and at 21 so did I. Sutcliffe deserves credit for  a novel that often made me understand what was going on around me in a  funny and intensely sarcastic manner, if you haven't been to India as a  backpacker, you just won't get it...
B00003XACV|5.0|The soundtrack of 'American Beauty' is simply the best I have ever heard.  It is certainly the most poignant.  My personal favorite on the soundtrack is the title song, with its quietly contemplative piano and soft strings;  it reminds me of cold and cloudy autumn days, when one's thoughts are  occupied by images of life and death, and yes, beauty.   The whole  soundtrack reflects this theme, and others in addition: 'Dead Already'  conjures images of a hum-drum but defiantly hopeful everyday, mediocre  life.  Sexual passions are ignited by 'Root Beer' and 'Spartanette'; the  sound is primal, and frantic.   All in all, a fine compilation.  I eagerly  recommend this CD to anyone who has ever been touched by the mystery of  life, has ever contemplated one's own place in the great fact of being.   This is the first CD that has ever ignited my meditations on the meaning,  and the beauty, of life.
630575067X|1.0|The most anticipated movie of the year or should I say the past twenty years, was nothing more than a spectacle of computer imagery (even though the Matrix got the Oscar for special effects). Jar Jar Binks was nothing more than an annoying stereotype. I couldn't stand the fact that they made  Anakin Skywalker a &quot;Christ-like&quot; figure, and the fact that they  called him Annie was just outright appolling. And the fact that the Force  isn't a spiritual enlightment, but rather micro-organisms swimming in the  bloodstream makes it seem like you'd need a vaccine rather than see this  movie.
630575067X|1.0|Sorry, I won't buy it on VHS.  I'm more than willing to wait until the DVD version comes out.  George Lucas is just trying to milk everyone for more money buy getting them to buy the VHS now and then hopefully getting you to  buy it on DVD later.  No thanks!  Say no to VHS!
6305750750|4.0|The first time is saw The Phantom Menace, I was honestly disappointed.  The other three movies seemed to be on a far more galactic scale.  Yet, on subsequent viewings of the movie, I gradually realized just how many subtle  ideas and foreshadowing events Lucas is planning.  This is the beginning of  a far greater and wide reaching epic.  I loved it!
B00001NFCY|4.0|I really dont like heavy metal that much, but this cd is very good, i recommend it to anyone. I bought it for the song higher, but the whole cd is great!
B000002IKR|5.0|This album is a classic thrash album form the 80s. Originally the bands singer was Steve Souza of Exodus. The band was named Legacy. The four song demo had the track Reign of Terror later released on the Trial by Fire EP  sung by Chuck Billy. Some of the better songs are Burnt Offerings, COTLOD,  First Strike is Deadly, and Raging Waters. Alex's Guitar work is  phenominal.
B00000J7J7|5.0|Brad Mehldau is the next great artist of jazz piano.  Comparisons to Bill Evans are facile and wrong, as this fascinating, rich, moving recording shows.  While he is lyrical, and has superb touch and technique, he can  demonstrate a power and volume in his playing that is personal and always  comes at the perfect emotional moment.  His harmonies and sense of  structure show his study of 19th century piano literature and are more  complex than straight-ahead jazz fare.  His lyricism is pleasantly jarred  by unexpected and satisfying directions in his improvisations.  A stand-out  among the mass of faceless, contemporary MOR jazz players, Elegiac Cycles  and his Art of the Trio series are simply must-haves.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Rarely does an album of this genre verge on brilliance, but Moby has pulled off something quite unique with Play. It is an album which draws upon many influences and styles which on paper really shouldn't work, but on Play it all flows so perfectly. It covers a wide range of emotions from summer bliss to pure and edgy electro. Sampled blues vocals are used so effectively on this album which is demonstrated on the haunting single Natural Blues, but strong melodies is the key to the album's success. Lush orchestral chords dominate most of the tracks with delicate piano that simply reaches the parts of the mind that other albums fail to reach. As soon as the album comes to a memorable close, you will find yourself immediately hitting the repeat button of your cd player. A perfect soundtrack to those long summer evenings and so infectious. Highlights include the beautiful Porcelian and Rushing which you will want to hear over and over. Moby has created an album full of complex soundscapes, and if you buy just one album in the year 2000, make it Play.
6304702205|5.0|I am new to Yanni's style of music.  I really love this video, the music and performance of musicians is very moving and uplifting.  This is really worth purchasing. There's something in Yanni's style of composing that  captivates me everytime I listen to them.  He has a way of perfectly  capturing and sending - through is music, a message to the soul. (Goose  bumps too!)  Really interesting, very good composer!
B000002NJS|4.0|After the hit and miss material from the early 90's and that awful Evita dross, Madonna finally rediscovered her touch against all odds. Ray of Light is easily her best album to date. A unique blend of electronic trance  which is not that far removed from her club inspired roots, Ray of Light  also provides some of her strongest material to date. Frozen and the title  track are so awesome, once heard, they are never forgotten. It is also  Maddy's most personal album. Songs such as Substitute offer a rare insight  into the true torments of a woman elevated to the status of icon by the  media and her army of adoring fans. William Orbit's distinctive production  techniques add atmosphere and emotion to a very strong collection of  complex melodies. No one can doubt Madonna's unique talent after hearing  this album.
0440178002|5.0|A truly excellent piece of literature. Character development is true and the plot riveting. Should be in the top 100 books. My only criticism, if one should, is that Clavell quickly wraps up the finale in a mere 100 pages  which clashes with his style in the previous 800 pages - I could have  continued another few hundred... but then who would challenge 1500 to 2000  pages of reading? Now on to Tai-Pan.
B000002MJC|5.0|On the first listen, the average Mode fan can be forgiven for thinking that Depeche have abandoned their electronic foundations, but repeated plays reveal a different story. Songs of Faith and Devotion is a unique and  powerful album. A succesful blend that includes gospel with lush orchestral  arrangements. The added touch of hard techno on tracks such as Rush, gives  the album added depth. The blues feel to some of the tracks is a suprising  yet welcomed move forward. Producers Flood and Alan Wilder really pushed  the recording techniques with this album, and the result is melodic grunge  without the distortion! The entire album has an epic sound which can be  hard to define in one media friendly soundbite, but Gore's songs remain as  powerful as ever. The album is infamous for it's tortured recording  sessions which were not helped by nervous breakdowns and Gahan's  addictions. As Flood has said in recent interviews, Song's captured  something very dark and memorable. Gahan's heartfelt vocals are so powerful  on this album, it can hardly get better than this. Many of us remember how  powerful these songs were live during 1993's Devotional tour, and the album  catches the power of these tracks. Walking in My Shoes has become an all  time Mode classic, but it's the album tracks such as One Caress and Higher  Love which leave a lasting impression. An album to treasure.
0440178002|5.0|A truly excellent piece of literature. Character development is true and the plot riveting. Should be in the top 100 books. My only criticism, if one should, is that Clavell quickly wraps up the finale in a mere 100 pages  which clashes with his style in the previous 800 pages - I could have  continued another few hundred... but then who would challenge 1500 to 2000  pages of reading? Now on to Tai-Pan.
0345403959|5.0|If you are looking for fantasy that is fun, pure escapism and easy to read, over and over again, then Eddings is it. Predictable - yes, unbelievable - yes, but fun. Enjoyable and a light way to lose yourself  into something that is not quite real to take you away into another world -  which is exactly what fantasy fiction is supposed to do.
0671042858|2.0|I have been a faithful Stephen King fan for as long as I can recall.  This book was sadly a dissapointment to me.  The writing was terrific of course, but the story didn't seem to have enough substance.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD rules! ^_^ Not only does it have &quot;All The Small Things&quot; and &quot;Whats My Age Again&quot; but the CD as a whole is good and really worth the buy. Only bad thing is the short length but that is more then  compensated by the awesome music and sounds of the CD. Transition between  songs is done well and its... just awesome. Get this CD!
B00003CWRX|5.0|&quot;The Insider&quot; was one of the two Oscar-nominated films that actually earned its nomination. After his great film &quot;Heat&quot;, which was also overlooked by the Academy, Michael Mann delievers a worthy  follow up that captivates the viewer for more than two and a half  hours.<br />In many respects, &quot;The Insider&quot; is a typical  Michael-Mann-picture. The screenplay offers rather traditional storytelling  without any of the post-modern coolness that so many films have nowadays.  The direction and the cinematography are highly stylized, which is also  pure Michael Mann. Like in &quot;Heat&quot;, the relationships between the  characters are explored more thoroughly and in more explicit detail than in  most other films. This gives the characters a depth that is rare in many of  today's movies. Another great asset of &quot;The Insider&quot; are the  performances by the whole cast. Al Pacino is powerful and credible as  always and Russel Crowe is simply sensationel as the whistleblower Wigand  who is threatened by his former company.<br />&quot;The Insider&quot; was  surely one of the best films of 1999. It is a shame that it wasn't a box  office success. I hope that Michael Mann is able to retain his style  despite the commercial disappointment. Perhaps the seven Academy Award  nominations will persuade the studios to keep him independent.
B0000025BL|5.0|I'm a professional musican, play classical , rock and jazz... and this is one of my top 5 CDs of all time, in any category.. this is a must have if you enjoy rock. It is fun, full of humor and emotion... over 35 million  copies sold... perhaps the greatest rock album ever... certainly as good an  anything by the Beatles, Genesis, Pink Floyd... if you don't have this...  jump in and enjoy...  my highest recommendation
B00003Q43A|5.0|This is by far one of the best science fiction films of all time.  It is incredibly suspensfull, the special effects are incredible, and the plot is fantastic.  Also the acting was pretty good, but more importantly I felt  truly attached to the main characters unlike the way I feel about many  other films.  I don't  understand why it got bad reviews.
B000002OMN|4.0|Well, 4 1/2 stars I think is more accurate. Nothing could match the wonderful Bat of Out Hell, but when you discover that CD, you'll want more and this CD provides that.. all the songs are slightly too long, but still  enjoyable. For any other group, this could be their best, but after BOOH  this has to take 2nd or 3rd place in Meat Loaf's work, still an excellent  CD.
0780622650|3.0|The special effects for this movie are great.  The movie would have been awesome if the story was better.  This is an example of the directors trying to make up for story through the use of special effects.  Sadly it  doesn't happen, and some of the dialogue uttered through the movie had me  laughing at times.  I gave it three stars because it's a movie good for the  whole family to view, but that's it.
B000002WYT|5.0|This CD is absolutely amazing. It has to be one of the most dynamic recordings I've heard in a long time. It is a rare piece of music that can carry you into another state. This is one of those works.<br />All around, the  musicianship is incredible, and the songs themselves are expertly written.
0425129586|5.0|Absolutely the best mystery novel I have ever read.  The intricacies of the plot were incredible.  The way the ten suspects are eliminated one by one, keeps you guessing.  Even as I tried to outguess the author, I found  myself going down the very path she wanted.  I was trapped.  I was  flabbergasted at the end when the truth was revealed.  Ms Christie has a  superb reputation for creating such masterpieces and, believe me, it is  well-deserved.  I have read at least 15 Agatha Christie novels and this is  the best so far.  Make sure you read the book before reading any potential  spoilers in somebody's review!
0694011479|5.0|Eric Carle has a beautiful way of telling stories that touch the heart and teach valuable lessons.  The Mixed-up Chameleon tells a story about the importance of being yourself.  My 2 year old loves the bright pictures and  easy to follow story.  Another loved Eric Carle story!
6303201962|5.0|The Motion Sickness is the worst Star Trek film ever, it's amazing how the next one is the best Star Trek film ever. Star Trek II was everything the first film wasn't interesting, exciting and just plain great. Those who  doubt Shatner's acting abilities should check this one out, becasue this is  his best work ever. Montolban is also fantastic as a villian. From begining  to end nothing goes wrong in this film. The Kirk family sub-plot is only  given a few minutes and doesn't take away from the action. The ending is  very strong and shows that Star Trek can still be very human in it's  nature.
6305750750|5.0|The beginning was great.  How can you not get excited when the two Jedi remove their hoods for the first time.  Then, you get to hear the voice of a young Obi-Wan (Ewan McGregor) that would have made Sir Alec Guiness  proud.  It gets a bit slow when they reach Tatooine, until the podrace.   After that, it's on to an exciting finish as politicians, armies, and Jedi  Knights battle in their respective arenas.  Can't wait for the next two.
6305648522|5.0|Excelente DVD, muy bien hecho, sin embargo da algunos problemas con DVDs de Thinkpad 770ED de IBM. Por otro lado la pelicula es inolvidable, no esta de mas la relacion de premios que ha ganado a nivel mundial. Alfredo y Toto  estaran por siempre conmigo.
0395645662|4.0|I really liked reading The Giver I thought it was a great book!Although there would be a few things I would change. I think that it'sa really good book for kids my age! I think that Lois Lowry is a great author, and I really liked his book The Giver! You really should read it I think that you will like it as much as I do, maybe even more. This is one of the books I'm sure to read again! Well I hope that you read The Giver and I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
079074841X|2.0|Eyes Wide Shut was creatively filmed but the story was unsettling. Kidman and Cruise are great performers but the story seemed more psychological than it did sexual. By the way, was there any real point? If there was, it  was lost on me.
0425098478|4.0|Book written by Kenneth Blanchard and Spencer Johnson, it has sold more than 7 million copies worldwide and that just says how successful this book is.  It covers the three essential elements of being a high-speed and  efficient manager.  I also like the &quot;business story&quot; format.  In  today's world, many new supervisors are thrust into a &quot;baptism by  fire&quot; management environment.  I found this book to be an easy to read  guide that arms newcomers to management with the basic tools for building  worker relationships and getting the best out of their staff.   Consequently, their efforts are guided into decisions that generate  increasingly positive outcomes in uncomfortable situations.   Self-confidence builds and leadership and management styles improve.
B00004RHZU|4.0|This Artist is hot, she's gonna blow up the music scene not only does she have a beautiful face and body, her music bounces.
B000002J1F|5.0|I was huge into yes some 15 years ago as a high schooler and got jarred back into them upon recently seeing the movie \\"Buffalo '66\\" which tastefully featured \\"Heart of the Sunrise\\" in its climactic  scene.  These guys, for some reason, are critical whipping boys despite  their incredible musical composition ability and effort as reflected in  this album.  Moreover, they are one of those \\"Three Stooges\\"  bands who, upon my observation, women hate (like Rush and Jethro Tull).   But these guys are in a class by themselves, masters at making great music that compares commandingly to music of any other genre.  This is an album that creates  new, stark, powerful and stirring moods and that could not have been comprehended even two years earlier than this album was made.  I cannot see how someone would not be moved by the harrowing \\"South Side of the Sky\\" or the epic \\"Heart of the Sunrise.\\"  Highly recommended.
B000000OAA|5.0|Sheer Heart Attack was not one of the first Queen albums I listened to, but definitely not one of the last.  This album contains some of the early hits of Queen, and it would be enough to buy this album just to hear those  tracks in their original context.<br />But listening to this album with a pair  of headphones blew me away with the production.  This is a very well-mixed  album, much superior to that of their first two albums.  Much of the first  side flows together seamlessly.  Queen reuses this effect on A Night at the  Opera.<br />The band explores different styles on this disc and produces  several little gems.  Stripped-down tracks like &quot;She Makes Me  (Stormtrooper in Stillettos)&quot; are highly underrated.
0446364495|1.0|This isn't a sugary sweet little love story and don't let anyone tell you it is.  This is a book about sex, pure and simple.  I mean, come on, folks, what the heck else could he want with her?  Ya know?  The mistake the  author makes is trying to tie the whole little lusty affair up into a  saccharin sweet doughnut of love and roses.  If you believe this is love  then put your tooth under your pillow and dream of the tooth fairy.  I  could have stomached this book had the author just given us the explicit  details of the sex relationship rather than waxing long and laboriously  about every stupid thing under the sun.  I mean, if I want descriptions of  covered bridges and all, I'll just buy a picture book.  Oh well, back to  Crush.  At least there I'll find some much needed details.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think this film is a very interesting and exciting. You cannot leave the TV screen until you see the last cadres. It seems to me to be a history of a probable our future.
0060900075|5.0|This book is a testament of how some drugs can be used to probehuman conciousness in a humane and productive way, not as a cheapthrill. It is a mature and well-orchestrated document of a man exploring the limits of his conciousness through the aid of Mescaline. I found his accounts as poignant in that he uses the drug as an ally in his examination of himself and his perception of the world around him.  END
B00001NFCY|5.0|every once in awhile a band comes along with great lyrics and a great frontman..it doesn't happen that often! here we have Creed, a great band that combines rock and meaningful lyrics with a lead singer who's voice is  one of the best in music today! Creed is definetely a band you should be  listening to!
B000001FKY|4.0|I am 26 years old and have listened to their music since 1989 it is the best yet.
0446525537|3.0|I have read all of Mr. Sparks' books. However, I must say that I am a bit disappointed about this book. Of course, I know that this story is intended to be a moving story of a young man's first love and how his first experience about love changes his life afterwards. It's quite a smooth read  for me, and yes, it really was able to move me to tears in some parts. But  as compared to Sparks' previous works, I think that it isn't as poignant a  story like in &quot;Notebook&quot; and &quot;Message in a Bottle&quot;. I  hope that Mr. Sparks' next book can be better.<br />If you really like this  story, I will then recommend you to read a even better version of a story  with similar plots. It is Erich Segal's &quot;Love Story&quot; (written in  1988). I guess one reason why I didn't like &quot;A Walk to Remember&quot;  as much as the other of Sparks' work is because I think Sparks can't  exactly capture the essence of a teenager's heart. I think Sparks is better  in writting about the feelings and emotions of an adult.
6300214028|5.0|A must see.  Great, indepth discussion of socialism withromantic subplot.  Not to mention Diane Keaton, Warren Beatty, andJack Nicholson as Eugene O'Neil.
0792156684|5.0|Rarely has Hollywood come up with a movie to satisfy the likes and tastes of many: special effects buffs, love story seekers, and historical followers. Titanic is one of those rare gems, hosting all of those factors  and even more packed into the 3 1/2 hour feature. After a long-delayed  opening date and a budget that seemed to keep on growing, the movie, which  opened in December '97, quickly gained back its costs and much more. The  harrowing, fictional love story centers on a debutante engaged to a swarthy  but arrogant aristocrat and her experience on the famed ocean liner. Her  sights are soon set on a steerage passenger, and the two develop a  passionate romance. The ship soon meets its fate, tossing them, and  everyone aboard, into a fight for survival. The special effects are  amazing, seamless even, and one might go so far as to say realistic. The  sound effects are loud and explosive, making the sinking of the ship a  truly visceral experience. The DVD edition of this movie is a winner, with  the widescreen version of the film and Dolby soundtracks that produce deep  bass. If you haven't seen it yet, what are you waiting for?
B00000064G|5.0|...than i am right now.  i've been listening to nick's music since 1971... way back them i bought everything that joe boyd and john wood put out..most of my college friends from that era are also fans of his music...  i, if i  can toot my own 'horn' here, played nick's music on both college and  commercial radio while he was still alive.<br />pink moon, as you know by now,  is nick's darket record and at first [the misty memories of 1972] i was put  off by the stark sound..... but many years past the 'no-wave' movement i  find it totally satisfying in every way... short and stunning with an anger  and a backborn that belies the decible output.<br />to find out how many new  fans that nick has gained is heartwarming to me... a recent article in  billboard states that hannible has shipped over 13,000 'pink moon' and  11,000 'way to blue' since january first..... truly amazing.....call your  radio station an request it...<br />for turning on more new fans i would  recommend 'way to blue' first but they are all wonderful... interestingly  enough, most fans seem to not rate 'bryter layter' as highly as the others  , but boyd and wood feel that it is the one perfect album they  made....<br />bless everyone who has bought his music for whatever reason... i  just wish his parents had lived long enough to see this...<br />ps..<br />please  write vh1 and ask then to show the bbc nick drake special...
6305232660|5.0|The constant suspense of this movie is a key factor that kept its audiences coming in during its release in the spring of 1998. One might think that watching the theatrical trailers would ruin the effect of the  overall film, as many have said to be the case with Paramount's Double  Jeopardy. But the ending will surprise you, and it is not what you would  expect it to be. The premise, of course, begins with an astronomy student  named Leo Beiderman, played by Elijah Wood, who discovers comet while  studying the sky in a class project. However, when his photos of the comets  are sent to a scientist, it is soon confirmed that the comets are headed on  collision course with Earth. The rest of the movie follows the lives of  several different characters as the government of the US tries to stop the  impending doom. This is a movie recommended for those looking for a good  popcorn and cuddle feature. The special effects have a computer generated  feel to them, but the rest of this movie will keep you feeling the reality  throughout. The DVD edition of this film is well-mastered, with excellent  sound and brilliant color.
0783240503|1.0|This was the absolute worst version of Joseph that I have ever seen. And what makes it bad --- the awful performace by Maria Friedman as the Narrator. Anyone who knows Joseph knows that the Narrator must belt, but  Friedman simply cannot belt and it brings down the overall production of  the show.
B000002KGT|5.0|Coming after their successful 1975 eponymous album,Fleetwood Mac drops a bomb on the music world,and its title is Rumours.The album is more tighter,the songwriting top notched,but the overall atmosphere is dense and  filled with tension.Contributing to this factor are various romantic  breakups in the group as well as substance excess.The result is a polished  piece of great pop music,shaded with dark undertones.Besides the classic  hits(Go Your Own Way,Dreams,Don't Stop,You Make Loving Fun),we also get the  masterfully played Lindsey Buckingham track Never Going Back Again,as well  as Stevie Nicks rocking Gold Dust Woman.The albums centerpiece The Chain  sums up the state of the group,especially when they sacrifice their  personal feeling to keep the group together.Fortunately,the classic line-up  did keep it going for another ten years before Buckingham quit,only to  reunite for President Clinton's inaugurational ball,as well as 1997's The  Dance.In all Rumours is the classic lineup's masterwork which has yet to be  matched.
6305499365|4.0|The movie &quot;Office Space&quot;, was a really good movie.  The movie was very funny and I really enjoyed it.  The actors acted very good, and the setting was great.  I think that this movie was great and I hope that  people will go and rent it.  If not rent it, buy it, so that you can watch  it over and over again.  I really enjoyed it and i hope that you do too!
B000002L9Y|4.0|If many compare Tusk to The Beatles white album,than TITN is their Abbey Road.Although nobody forsaw Lindsey Buckingham's departure,this album sounds like the classic line-ups swan song.Unfortunately Stevie Nicks only  contributes three song(due to a certain problem which led to a stint at  rehab)Seven Wonders is her best song since Dreams and Sara.Buckingham as  usual dominates the album.But this time his contributions(Big Love,Family  Man,the title song)sounds as crisp as the albums production.Christine  McVie's Everywhere and Little Lies display a duribility as they are  endlessly played on radio.Although there is a fair share of weak  material(Caroline,the generic Isn't It Midnight)the crisp production make  this their best sounding album,although not the best.
B000002ADT|5.0|John Coltrane is at his best with Davis.  Every time Coltrane takes off, Miles is able to bring him right back.  It's as though Miles'limits have forced Coltrane to be on his best behavior, unlike Coltrane's own CD's in  which he is often blowing and blowing limitlessly, beautifully, but not  soulfully, and within limits, like on Kind of Blue.  And as for Davis,  nothing, not his jazz fusion, European influences, not nothing, compares  with Kind of Blue.  This is the soulful soundtrack heard beneath  everything, from the Weather Channel to This Boy's Life.  Coltrane's a Love  Supreme and Davis' Kind of Blue are the two best jazz albums from the  mid-to-late twentieth century, that's if you dig ballads with soul.  These  will be played from now until forever.
B000002KKC|4.0|Rumours II it isn't,both brilliant as well as fustrating is Tusk.We get more Stevie Nicks(Sisters of the Moon,Angel,Stormsand of course the classic yet unfortunatly edited Sara) but too much Lindsey Buckingham(The  Ledge,That's All For Everyone,the embarrassing Not That Funny,the hit  oddity Tusk,as well as five other songs).The biggest problem within the  album is that a majority of Buckingham's songs were one man solo tracks  which  a)lacks the group magic touch and  b)sounds like they were recorded  on a cheap four-track(especially when the album reportedly cost within the  millions).Bravo for the group for coming up with something different,but  unfortunately,Tusk bites off more than it chews.
B000002UAO|5.0|I must have listened to this album about 100,000 times.  It is the most romantic album of all...
B000002KD5|5.0|Listening to this album give you the impression that something special was evolving.It may not be as revered as it's more familiar follow up,but it does holds its own well.Newcomers Lindsey Buckingham and Stevie Nicks give  the group a much needed shot of inspiration.Buckingham not only contributes  his signature fingerpicking ,but also fine songs in Monday Morning,and  World Turning(which is better heard live).Stevie Nicks is the real star  here ,although her vocal contributions is miniscule,her two songs(Rhiannon  and the beautiful Landslide)linger well after the album ends.Christine  McVie's contributions(Warm Ways,Say You Love Me as well as the suductive  Over My Head)shows her at the top of her game.Although their masterwork was  around the corner,Fleetwood Mac shows the group at its brightest before the  darkness prevades.
0375707972|2.0|This book's concept is good, BUT the story does not develop.  The characters are not developed and the more importantly the story does not develop well.  You don't care about Hanna because you really don't know who she is.   I couldn't understand why the narrator so tirelessly obsesses  over this girl when we the reader has not had an opportunity to  sympathesize for either of them.
0679434194|2.0|I listened to the book on tape. First of all the monotone author had no business narrating this one. The book was ok and I could find many more worthwhile books to listen to instead. Now on the otherhand, if you have insomnia this is the perfect remedy. zzzzzzzzzzzzz
6305499365|4.0|I thought that this movie was very good. It really showed what probably most of America thinks about their jobs. The movie also shows the different types of cliques that even the office can have. The movie also shows a  typical work day, with everyone hounding you with stuff you didn't do or  did do wrong.
B000000WZ4|2.0|It's sad when great studio production is relied upon to help songs that would sound crappy if they were recorded years ago.  This recording relies too much on the high tech recording process and not enough on the quality of the songs.  All of those people who are giving this CD five stars are  probably Depeche Mode fans who have trouble being objective.  I think that  five stars is a bit much especially compared with some of their earlier  stuff.  Depeche Mode seems to suffer from the &quot;few good songs mixed in  with a lot of boring filler&quot; syndrome.  I'm so sick and tired of  buying CDs with one or two good tunes and a whole host of crappy numbers.   That sort of sums up much of Depeche Mode's discography  including Ultra.
6305750750|5.0|This is an excellent movie, with incredible special effects and great background information on a world we were thrown into in A New Hope.  Reading the reviews of all the people that are bashing this movie makes me  sick.  Episode 1 is not so much about action, but about the beginning of a  story that will answer all our questions we have about the Star Wars  Universe.  This is exactly why Lucas made Episode 4 first, he knew that  people would not accept a slow starting movie series, so he pushed everyone  into the action of A New Hope.  Take this movie for what it is, an  incredible journey into a galaxy far far away.  Who can watch this movie  and not be excited about the next two. Only complaint, no DVD.
630575067X|5.0|Well, well. A movie directed by George Lucas. Oh, sorry, THE movie directed by him, and naturaly it's one of the top 3 movies of the year. Big suprise. But just how does he keep doing it? I have all the Indiana Jones  and there flawless, I have all the previous Star Wars movies and they're  flawless. And now this one!<br />Acting is great, story is great, special  effects are great, what more needs to be said?<br />I'm sorry to anyone who  thinks Titanic is the best movie ever. It doesn't even come close to ANY of  the movies in the Star Wars trilogy. And I hope George doesn't have Leo in  mind for Episode 2, I want to see more good ACTING in Episode 2.
0767851900|5.0|Dogma is an absolutley great movie. For pure laughs I would still have to give Clerks the slight edge, but Dogma is much more creative and thought provoking. Admittedly, Kevin Smith isn't going to win any awards for his  directing, and Selma Hayek's performance wasn't that amazing, but this is  still a very good movie that I would encourage everyone to check out.
6305499365|4.0|Funny, Hilarious, and just lots of fun to watch. A great movie to just relax to and have a few laughs. The characters were just as funny as the script, great job on this film.
B000002UCN|4.0|This is a really good album if you want the best of George in his Beatles and early solo years. These are the Apple company years, before his Dark Horse record label years which arent made anymore. You can only buy the  Dark Horse records at auctions or rare record stores. The album is good  because it spans over his Beatle and early solo years. It even has the song  &quot;Bangla Desh&quot; where you cant find anywhere else. The Best songs  on it are &quot;Something&quot;, &quot;Here comes the sun&quot;  ,&quot;Think for yourself&quot;, &quot;My sweet Lord&quot; , &quot;Give me  love&quot;, &quot;You&quot;(one of my favorites), and &quot;What is  Life&quot;. Actually they are all great! Id only buy this if you want the  song &quot;Bangla Desh&quot; or if you dont want to buy all of his albums.
6304119046|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  I can't tell you enough how much it disgusts me when I hear these &quot;Hollywood Buffs&quot; saying that this is the greatest movie of all time.  What a  joke, get a clue!  Camera angles and &quot;deep focus photograpy&quot;  don't make a movie good.  The plot is what makes a movie good, and the plot  to Citizen Kane was absolutely terrible.  If you want to know what the best  movie of all time is, it's Top Gun.
0876855575|5.0|&quot;Ham on rye&quot; was the first book by Bukowski I ever read, and after reading nothing more than merely the first page, my life had changed for ever.  It sounds like a clich, but in this case it describes reality.  Bukowski's description of his unhappy childhood, mainly because of an  unloving and bullying father, struck a chord of instant recognition with  me.  For the first time in my life (I was 18 at the time) I felt like I was  not alone in the world.  Thanks to this book (and everything else by  Bukowski I have been able to get my hands on) I learnt to fight back.   Thanks, Hank ! I owe you one !
B00004RHZU|5.0|This sounds so cool!  I was skeptical about buying it at first, but I am for sure going to now!
6300182770|5.0|This is Croneberg's best film (and that's really saying something).  Filled with intriguing ideas, slick direction, fine acting, and special effects that are just cool.  This (along with Brazil, Robocop, and Full  Metal Jacket) is one of the best movies of the 80's.  The plot isn't  confusing, but it will go over some people's heads.  Some people will  mistake this as being stupid.  Like all of Cronenberg's movies, it's  original to the point of being bizarre.  There's a whole lot of stuff here  that some people might not want to see.  Like hallucinogens, Videodrome is  for those who can handle it.
6305750750|3.0|I guess what chaps me the most about this video is the price. I didn't need a book and some lame slide--I just wanted the movie. It was simply a way to justify charging almost double for a widescreen version. I guess  when Lucas decides to release it on DVD we can all buy it again! I already  have two box sets of the trilogy. God, I feel like an idiot. Thanks George!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|After the release of Savage Garden's first self titled CD, Savage Garden, I felt they could never top such hits as &quot;I Want You&quot; and &quot;To The Moon and Back&quot;....I was wrong.  Their second album,  &quot;Affirmation&quot; shows Savage Garden has found a home at the top of  the charts...they are far from being one hit wonders.  Every song has this  album has the potential of being released as a single...each song is great  from the high energy opening track, &quot;Affirmation&quot; to the slowed  down &quot;Two Beds and a Coffee Machine.&quot;  If this is any indication  of what the future has in store for Savage Garden then we are all in for a  real treat.  My favorite song still is &quot;The Animal Song&quot; which is  included on the CD.  As you may know it was first featured on &quot;The  Other Sister&quot; soundtrack.  Great stuff...keep it coming!
0783242808|5.0|Everyone compares this to Fast Times at Ridgemont High.  It's very much like that from a generation standpoint.  This movie is absolutely hysterical!  It will take you back to those most embarassing moments of  high school.  This is one to buy and watch with a lot of friends.
0784011176|5.0|This is a brilliant movie. While not a 'chick flick' it does look at things from a woman's point of view but that is what makes it more intense, romantic, poetic and moving. Beautiful dream-like cinematography and score  make the New Zeland coast and jungles come alive. Beautiful ensemble acting  by the 4 leads especially Anna Paquina and Holly Hunter. Sam Neill is also  great as the husband who slowly goes insane, and Harvey Keitel surprised me  in this un-typical role for him, he's always been a great actor and this is  proof of it. Beautifully filmed poetic scenes and a special 'women's touch'  courtesy of Jane Campion. From a scale of 1-10 I give this movie a 9!
B00000J6AG|1.0|drool continues to fall-out my mouth, for this is unoriginal, insulting to women, and the same old tires blues-rip-off, vomit-inducing flava of mtv.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Reading all of the various reviews I get the feeling that most people feel that while this is certainly a good album, it is definitely not his best. Carlos Santana's best work is certainly behind him. Abraxsas is the album  that should have won him all of the Grammy's; however, it is only now that  society will allow black or hispanic artists to recieve the credit they  desereve. Nonetheless, Supernatural gives audiences of today something to  remember this great artist by.
B00003Q438|3.0|I was first attrcated to this DVD by the wealth of extras , having never seen the film before. I'm not a great fan of Cameron, but credit where credit is due, he really knows how to handle the underwater scenes. The  film itself is odd...the Special Edition is definitely an improvement, but  you get to the end and say - so what? The 'message' is trite and bloody  obvious, and the aliens are surprisingly dull when on screen. What makes it  is the insanity of Michael Biehn's character and the conflict between the  trapped workers. It's not a classic, but the extras on the DVD are worth a  look. Unfortunately, a lot of them are just writing, accessible by the old  'delayed' movement between screens, making it excruciatingly boring when  trying to read them. DVD's aren't really there for pages of script, so  thankfully there are lots of other supplementals like the hour-long  documentary which is fascinating, and the multi-angle scene which is great  fun (NB - Multi-angle here means flick between storyboards and special  effects layers, not camera angles, so bear that in mind). A great package  for a mediocre film, which, as every DVD fan knows, is usually the case.
B00000FYIL|4.0|Well, I've never been able to comment with any soundtrack before. And I think this one's great, very mellifluous voices that's suiting to the movie as well. Hope you will continue to produce great song such this...
0385484518|5.0|Instead of philosophizing, I sat down and read Tuesday's with Morrie in four hours. Some of us do not make the time anymore to sit down and read a philosophy book to deal with the issues of love, humanity, death, life,  relationships, etc. However, I do not know if I would have enjoyed any  other philosophy book that dealt with those issues as much as I enjoyed  this book. Morrie really did reach my soul.
6305499403|4.0|The movie is absolutley hilarious and anyone who has ever had an office job will love this movie.  It expresses the views of the average american who hates thier job and will do almost anything to ad excitement to thier  life.  The main characters in this movie did an excellent job acting there  part and were absolutley hilarious.
6304466498|5.0|Spaceballs is the funniest movie that I have ever seen.  I was introduced to it by one of my friends about two and a half years ago, and since then, I've rented it about eleven times, seen it twenty-three times, and after  that, finally decided to buy it.<br />Get this movie, or at least give it a  shot, even if it doesn't seem like your type of movie.  I can guarentee you  by 99.9% that it will be one of the funniest, if not the funniest movie  you've ever seen.<br />You've got to believe me when I say that you'll like it  even if you don't think it's your type of movie.  My sister said she  wouldn't watch it because she hates every space movie, and despises Star  Wars.  However, I finally got her to watch it, and after, she was sorry  that she hadn't given it a try earlier.  She laughed literally throughout  75% of the movie.<br />About how it relates to Star Wars:<br />It's got all your  characters, but in different forms.  There are the following characters in  Space Balls, that relate to Star Wars:<br />Barf:  He is a Mawg, half man,  half dog.  He        represents Chewbaka, and is played by John         Candy.<br />Dark Helmet:  The equivilent to Darth Vader.  He               is  played by the guy in Honey I               Shrunk the Kids.<br />President  Scroob:  In a way he is like the                    emporer, and is played  by Mel                    Brooks.<br />Lone Star:  The movie's equivilent to  Han Solo,             except he has the movie's equivilent             to  the force, the shwartz, which I             will later talk about, instead  of Luke             Skywalker.<br />Princess Vespa:  Daughter to King Roland,  king of                  the Druids on planet Druidia.                    She is the equivilent to Princess                  Lea.<br />Yogurt:  Yogurt  is Yoda in this movie, and he is          the &quot;keeper of a greater  magic,&quot; the          shwartz.<br />Shwartz:  Dark Hemet has it, Lone Star  has it, and           Yogurthas it.  It's the movie's           equivilent  to the force.<br />And I will just state the rest of the things that are  depicted in this movie.  These are:  The Planet of the Apes, The Doublemint  twins in the movie are Marlene and Sharlene.  The actuall Doublement twins'  names are Margie, Angie.  Then you've got your Jawas.  C-3PO is played by  Dot, a women droid, Princess Vespa's droid of honor at her wedding.  You've  got the light-sabers, and Planet Tatooine.  And the Death Star.  All of  this things are in the movie, plus many more, but in different forms.<br />I  hope everbody who reads this review thinks about it seriously, and will see  the movie, because I put a lot of time, effort, as well as heart and soul  into this review, and you owe the movie that much.  So, next time you rent  a movie, seriously, consider Spaceballs.
0783240503|2.0|I love this musical, and like so many others, was happy to see it on video. But I was disappointed with many aspects of this production. I think Donny Osmond was OK, but I've seen better Josephs in local productions. He  mugged too much and looked really bizarre in his wig. Maria Friedman can  act, but her voice seemed much too weak for the Narrator role (anyone who's  heard the original Broadway cast with Laurie Beechman knows what I  mean.)The Joan Collins scene with Potiphar IS too risque for a family  audience (Joan &amp; her &quot;girls&quot; take off Donny's clothes &amp;  the whole thing looks briefly like it's going to turn into an orgy; I would  be uncomfortable having my 5 &amp; 7 year olds seeing it, and no, they DO  NOT watch MTV!), and it wasn't necessary for it to be so. The entire  Potiphar scene was misconceived. On the other hand. several of the other  performances are excellent (the brothers, Pharoah), and the scenes with the  children are genuinely moving. The whole thing just doesn't work as a  coherent whole.
6304466498|5.0|Spaceballs is the funniest movie that I have ever seen.  I was introduced to it by one of my friends about two and a half years ago, and since then, I've rented it about eleven times, seen it twenty-three times, and after that, finally decided to buy it.<br />Get this movie, or at least give it a  shot, even if it doesn't seem like your type of movie.  I can guarentee you  by 99.9% that it will be one of the funniest, if not the funniest movie  you've ever seen.<br />You've got to believe me when I say that you'll like it  even if you don't think it's your type of movie.  My sister said she  wouldn't watch it because she hates every space movie, and despises Star  Wars.  However, I finally got her to watch it, and after, she was sorry  that she hadn't given it a try earlier.  She laughed literally throughout  75% of the movie.<br />About how it relates to Star Wars:<br />It's got all your  characters, but in different forms.  There are the following characters in  Space Balls, that relate to Star Wars:<br />Barf:  He is a Mawg, half man,  half dog.  He represents Chewbacca, and is played by John Candy.<br />Dark Helmet:  The equivilent to Darth Vader.  He               is  played by Rick Moranis.<br />President Scroob:  In a way he is like the Emperor, and is by Mel Brooks.<br />Lone Star:  The movie's equivilent to  Han Solo crossed with Luke Skywalker, with the movie's equivilent of  the force, the Shwartz.<br />Princess Vespa:  Daughter to King Roland,  king of                  the Druids on planet Druidia.                    She is the equivilent to Princess                  Lea.<br />Yogurt:  Yogurt  is Yoda in this movie, and he is          the &quot;keeper of a greater  magic,&quot; the          shwartz.<br />Shwartz:  Dark Hemet has it, Lone Star  has it, and             Yogurt has it.  It's the movie's           equivilent  to the force.<br />And I will just state the rest of the things that are  depicted in this movie.  These are:  The Planet of the Apes,The Doublemint  twins in the movie are Marlene and Sharlene.  The actuall Doublement twins'  names are Margie, Angie.  Then you've got your Jawas.  C-3PO is played by  Dot, a women droid, Princess Vespa's droid of honor at her wedding.  You've  got the light-sabers, and Planet Tatooine.  And the Death Star.  All of  this things are in the movie, plus many more, but in different forms.<br />I  hope everbody who reads this review thinks about it seriously, and will see  the movie, because I put a lot of time, effort, as well as heart and soul  into this review, and you owe the movie that much.  So, next time you rent  a movie, seriously, consider Spaceballs.
0553260111|4.0|Ludlum is one of the best at creating the super spy and writing action sequences.  Sometimes he can create a spy story to back them up.  This one is pretty good throughout.  He isn't that good with the emotional  development of his characters or writing love stories (but he isn't nearly  as bad as Tom Clancey in these areas).  The hero agonizing over what his  identity might be gets to be tedious and the love story is awkward as in  all of his books.  But, mostly the book moved at a good enough pace to make  me want to read more.<br />This is the first book in a three part series.  I  didn't know that when I read the book, and was frustrated and disappointed  as I neared the end of the book and realized the story wouldn't be  concluded.  The second book in the series (Bourne Supremacy) is pretty bad  and doesn't really build on the first book.  It isn't necessary to read it  before jumping on to the third book (Bourne Ultimatum) and the conclusion  of the story.  The third book isn't as good as the first, but is worth  reading for the conclusion.
6304466498|5.0|Spaceballs is the funniest movie that I have ever seen.  I was introduced to it by one of my friends about two and a half years ago, and since then, I've rented it about eleven times, seen it twenty-three times, and after  that, finally decided to buy it.       Get this movie, or at least give it  a shot, even if it doesn't seem like your type of movie.  I can guarentee  you by 99.9% that it will be one of the funniest, if not the funniest movie  you've ever seen.       You've got to believe me when I say that you'll  like it even if you don't think it's your type of movie.  My sister said  she wouldn't watch it because she hates every space movie, and despises  Star Wars.  However, I finally got her to watch it, and after, she was  sorry that she hadn't given it a try earlier.  She laughed literally  throughout 75% of the movie.<br />About how it relates to Star Wars:        It's got all your characters, but in different forms.  There are the  following characters in Space Balls, that relate to Star Wars: Barf:  He is  a Mawg, half man, half dog.  He        represents Chewbaka, and is played  by John        Candy. Dark Helmet:  The equivilent to Darth Vader.  He                is played by the guy in Honey I               Shrunk the Kids.  President Scroob:  In a way he is like the                    emporer, and  is played by Mel                    Brooks. Lone Star:  The movie's  equivilent to Han Solo,             except he has the movie's equivilent              to the force, the shwartz, which I             will later talk  about, instead of Luke             Skywalker. Princess Vespa:  Daughter to  King Roland, king of                  the Druids on planet Druidia.                    She is the equivilent to Princess                  Lea. Yogurt:   Yogurt is Yoda in this movie, and he is          the &quot;keeper of a  greater magic,&quot; the          shwartz. Shwartz:  Dark Hemet has it,  Lone Star has it, and           Yogurt has it.  It's the movie'sequivilent to the force.<br />And I will just state the rest of the things  that are depicted in this movie.  These are:  The Planet of the Apes, The  Doublemint twins in the movie are Marlene and Sharlene.  The actuall  Doublement twins' names are Margie, Angie.  Then you've got your Jawas.   C-3PO is played by Dot, a women droid, Princess Vespa's droid of honor at  her wedding.  You've got the light-sabers, and Planet Tatooine.  And the  Death Star.  All of this things are in the movie, plus many more, but in  different forms.<br />I hope everbody who reads this review thinks about it  seriously, and will see the movie, because I put a lot of time, effort, as  well as heart and soul into this review, and you owe the movie that much.   So, next time you rent a movie, seriously, consider Spaceballs.
0960191038|5.0|I have been blown away by the effect this book has had not only on my writing and presentation development, but the structure of my thinking. Minto's insistence on specific, definite patterns of logical analysis, while taking some effort to grasp, leads to analysis that is deeper, more  penetrating and more complete than typical fuzzyheaded thinking &amp;  writing. <br />Example: Where before I might have thought I was finished with  a logical argument, Minto gives me tools for realizing that not only is my  argument incomplete, but showing which direction to go to fill it in, and  how to analyze it to see if it is really a proper logical framework.  <br />There are lot of examples to work through, and they deserve your repeat  attention. I am keeping the book handy until I fully grok the whole thing;  I continue to take a look at specific chapters and examples as I am  writing, performing analyses and developing diagnostic frameworks (I am an  Internet strategy consultant for a large Internet consulting firm).  <br />Although Ernst &amp; Young and McKinsey use this book extensively, and I  noticed it is one of the top reads in the Booz-Allen purchase circle, I  think it has far wider applicability than for consultants. Anyone who has  to think, present or write clearly about a domain of knowledge will benefit  enormously from an understanding of the principals elucidated by Minto.  <br />Finally, for those who are Greg Bear fans, I feel I am finally getting a  glimpse of what 'talsit' might mean (hint: Read the Eon series to see what  I mean. It's a great series, and he's a great writer.)
067144901X|5.0|Loved this book! A fun way to teach your child the sounds animals make and the ending presents the opportunity to have your child say what is on his/her mind (though I don't think that is a problem for most kids) and  talk about more animals and their sounds. I think it is wonderful that the  book &quot;asks&quot; your child what they want to say.
0780629450|5.0|Shakespeare was meant to be performed, not read, but modern attention spans are so brief his plays have to be hacked to bits in contemporary performance.  Shakespeare's plays are also not particularly cinematic,  except to an imaginative director.  Branagh, who is wonderful at bringing  Shakespeare to cinematic life, tackles the best play ever written and walks  a tight-rope.  The lead characters -- Branagh, Jacobi (especially),  Christie, etc. are all wonderful.  The &quot;star turns&quot; are extremely  variable (Heston is superb and should do more Shakespeare;  Lemmon should  stick to light modern roles).  The movie should be seen in widescreen,  though even when it's formatted for the tv screen many nuances are lost  (such as the army of Fortinbras far in the distance behind Branagh in his  final speech before the intermission).  In that way, it's like  &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot;, losing so much on the conversion to a small  screen.  But this &quot;Hamlet&quot; captures the excitement, romance, and  thrills of the play better than any filmed version, though it's probably  only for those who love Shakespeare
630575067X|3.0|Although this was a good movie overall, there were many things that just made me wonder if Lucas is taking drugs.<br />1) No DVD until all the movies are done?  Why not release E1 now on DVD and re-release all the episodes  again later with the features he intended?  People tell me Lucas isn't in  it for the money anymore cause he has a ton of money, but it seems like  he's pretty greedy to me.<br />2) Mostly bad acting.  Neeson and McGregor  seemed to have no emotions, but they acted MUCH better than Natalie Portman  and especially Jake Lloyd (&quot;Wow, this is tense!&quot;).  Bad script,  bad acting.<br />3) I don't think C3PO and R2D2 should have been in the movie.   Anakin as the creator of C3PO is a really lame idea.  Obi-Wan meeting  R2D2/C3PO here would have meant he already knew them in Episode 4, but we  all know he really DIDN'T know them in Episode 4.  Darth Vader didn't know  them either.<br />The only really good things about this movie was the special  effects, the Jedi battles, and Darth Maul (scary character even though he  wasn't shown much and didn't say anything).  Pod race was OK.  This movie  was also too much of a little kid movie compared to the other episodes,  thanks to Jar Jar and Anakin.
0375420525|5.0|An excellent book, though it certainly takes a little effort and a willingness to go on the specific journey the author created. Anyone willing to go on this ride, however, and travel with Danielewski will be well rewarded.  Additionally, I must add, that the book gave me nightmares,  which has not happened since early Stephen King. This is truly a  frightening book.
630575067X|2.0|The hallmark of the first three Star Wars films was that a timeless, superbly engaging story was told with brilliant, groundbreaking effects. With Phantom Menace, we are faced with a half-baked, poorly written story  told with spectacular but hardly innovative effects. The overall result is  a disappointment on its own, and an outright disaster when compared to its  predecessors. George Lucas seems so intent upon the digital, that he has  utterly forgotten the power of the spiritual, the mystical, the  magical...the HUMAN. All of these qualities were present in his first three  films and are, for the most part, lacking in his latest.    Let's start  with the effects. Yes, they are marvelous...particularly in regard to the  scenes of the &quot;march of the androids&quot; in the battle with the  Gungans, the Senate hearing, the various city-shots of Naboo etc, and the  final light-saber duel. But magnificent effects alone are not going to  inspire a sense of wonder...after all, we have become quite accustomed  (even numbed) to effects- driven films...some films having very nearly the  same quality effects as Phantom Menace, and some with even more  &quot;effectively used&quot; effects. So George was giving us nothing THAT  radically new, a thing he had previously accomplished with his other films.  In fact, some of his effects seemed dated and underwhelming. Several of the  background creatures on Tatooine looked like rejects from 'The Muppet  Show,' and the digitally- created Federation androids were just plain  silly-looking. They weren't the slightest bit intimidating. Those androids  were a huge effects goof. The Pod-race was gripping and &quot;very good  cinema,&quot; but there was no sense of urgency. They weren't destroying a  death star...they were just gambling on getting parts for their ship.      The acting was TERRIBLE, but it's not the fault of the actors...the script  stunk to high heaven. If I heard &quot;I feel a disturbance,&quot; or  &quot;The situation seems more complicated than we thought,&quot; or  &quot;We have no time for this,&quot; once, then I heard these lines a  thousand times. The dialogue was horrifically stilted, real emotion was  absent, the scenes seemed strung together with Elmer's glue, and the  characters were uninvolving. Every character was a bore in this flick, from  Qui Gon-Jin to Queen Amidala (whose cheesy, corny-looking outfits seemed  more fitting for second-rate drag queens than a space queen). Yoda was  underused, Samuel Jackson's acting was hilariously bad, and the Jar Jar  Binks character was REALLY the most shockingly useless Star Wars character  ever imagined. What was Lucas thinking? The racial bit was painfully  obvious. At the end of this film, I wouldn't have been surprised to see the  bell-bottomed, big-butted, pigeon-English Gungans stooping to worse lows.  They did everything but tap-dance and spit watermelon seeds. How very  stupid and insulting and the character was completely unconvincing.    I  know that people warn against comparing this film to the others, but the  film IS based on the others, IS related to the others, and IS meant to be  regarded in at least SOME connection with the others. But that doesn't  matter. Even on its own, it's a bore, an example of what can happen when  Lucas panders to the dumbing down of the audience by believing that no one  really cares about a great story anymore. Visually, Phantom Menace has  everything but the kitchen sink...but it has no soul.
6305750750|2.0|I was really sad when I heard rumors that the DVD version might not come out now till 2006.  What is Lucas thinking, this movie was made in digital and DVD is digital.  I bought the widescreen version and I'm still sad  about the quailty of the picture. Comon George wake up.
B000002MG1|5.0|Automatic For The People is R.E.M.'s best album to date. Man On The Moon  is my all time favorite R.E.M. song. Buy It.
0440211727|4.0|Readers who like crime and justice would love A Time To Kill, by John Grisham.  This book describe in many details about racism between black and white people in a small town in Mississippi.  It is about a trial of a  black man who murdered his daughter's rapists, which are two white men.   Most whites want him dead; but if it was a white man trial where he  murdered a black man, he would be set free. Racism is very strong, and it  could not be erased from these people.  If you want to know what happened  to the man who is a hero to his people and some others, but a devil to  white people, read the book.
B000002UDB|5.0|I don't think the Beatles released a bad piece of music in their whole career. However, this is one of their most interesting and essential albums. I Am The Walrus is one of their weirdest songs, but also one of  their best. Sttrawberry Fields Forever and Penny Lane are two other  standout songs. This is an Essential album.
B00003CXBK|3.0|I am a great fan of Miyazaki's films and I recently went to watch Princess Mononoke with great expectation and, to be honest, I was somewhat disappointed by the film.  I love Miyazaki's films but I don't think  Princess Mononoke is the best movie he ever made.<br />I didn't have a problem  with the poor English dubbing that many people complained or the  environmental theme which some viewers found it &quot;preachy.&quot;  I  felt that the story was not well-told, and the complex story line made the  movie even more confusing.  For that, I found the story unengaging and  needlessly prolonged. So if you don't like movies which lack well-organized  story line, this is not for you.<br />I hope his next film (expected to be  released in summer 2001) will have a better story line than this one.<br />One  note about DVD.  According to one source, Miramax has not finalized the  features of the DVD yet, and it won't be released until sometime in this  summer (not in May).  The initial announcement from Miramax in February  stated that both English and Japanese tracks are to be included in DVD with  English subtitles, so there is still a hope that DVD will include original  Japanese voice.  So if you are concerned about this, it's probably better  to wait and see what Miramax will do, before deciding whether to purchase  this DVD.
B000001FUZ|5.0|John Barleycorn Must Die is Traffic's Best Album. There is no highlight of the album. The whole album blends together as one 35 minute song. It is an incredible album that everyone should own.
0783240503|4.0|I saw this production 3 times in Chicago. The first 2 withDonny Osmond, and I then I listened to the CD a thousand timessince. Last Christmas I saw the version that is now traveling with Patrick Cassidy and Debbie Gibson as the narraator. It was a disappointment because it wasn't the props or sparkle the I remembered. Seeing this video was a HUGE reminder to what I loved best about this. Not just Donny, but its the original costumes and props. There were very few differences, and the ones there were didnt ruin it for me. The reason I say 4 stars is I really disliked the narrarator in this. Sometimes it seemed like she was going horse and I that bothered me. I have waited over a year for this to be released and it was well worth it.
B000002JSP|5.0|In Through the Out Door is one of Led Zeppelin's best. It doesn't get the credit it deserves. In the Evening Fool in The Rain, and All My Love Are all incredible songs. Zepelin was developing a great new sound with this  album which was never fully achieved due to the tragic death of John  Bonham. This is a must have for any Zeppelin fan.
630575067X|1.0|words cannot describe the atrocity george lucas has commited on mankind by making this movie<br />Down with the anti-christ! Down with George!
B00000255F|5.0|Born To Run towers over all the other great Springsteen albums. Each of the Eight songs on the album are some of his best ever. Born To Run is one of the best albums ever made, probably in the top five.
0553213105|5.0|because nobody does it like Miss Austen.  Even the minor characters are immortal -- Mr. Collins, Mr. Bennett, Lady Catherine in particular -- these are characters without which our imaginations would be the poorer, would  they not?As to Elizabeth, one can only lament that she is fictional, and  not a real woman one could fall madly in love with...New readers of Austen,  please note:  although she writes about a period when women were in certain  ways subordinate, she makes it clear that at least some women  considered  themselves to be essentially free and equal, and succeeded in holding their  own, or more than their own, in their relations with the other sex.  If I  may venture to say so, her best women are both quite feminine and quite  strong &amp; spirited.  Her best men respect those qualities.  So my  recommendation is to read her with an open mind, and not let the social  customs -- so different from our own -- prevent you from seeing the real  human virtues (and vices) of her characters.
B000002J09|5.0|There isn't much to say about one of the greatest albums of all time by one of the greatest bands of all time. Possibly the most essential album ever made.
B00000J2PH|5.0|It's not always easy to express perfection in words. How to express Carole King's &quot;Tapesty&quot;? Amazing? Incredible? Sensational? Yes, it is all this but much, much more. Carole King had a serious, down to earth view of life and how it revolved around her and it shows in her music. She showed compassion, love, deep feeling and genuine honesty in the magic of her lyrics. This woman has touched the hearts of an uncountable number of fans and she is truly.....let's just say that she is very, very special. Thank you Carole King for being such a gifted musician. Sensational and heartwarming music to last for all time.
B000002KHF|5.0|Moondance is a great, jazy, memorable album. It is Morrison's best. And It Stoned Me, Moondance, and Into The Mystic are all incredible. All the othe songs are equally great. Buy it.
B000002BBY|5.0|I first hear the band on a plane to L.A. The song playing was &quot;Wonderwall&quot;. And of course, on a 10 hours plane, if you listen to a song more than oh, 10 times, you either love it or loathe it. And what  happened to me was I fall in love with the song. When I returned home, I  just bought the CD and I was hooked with the lads since then. This is the  best CD I've have and soon I bought their previous album, Definitely Maybe.  Noel is one of the best lyricst ever existed....
B000002OX5|5.0|The Who have released many great albums throughout their career. The Who Sell Out and Who's Next are their two best. Buy Both of them.
0064471837|5.0|I found Garth Nix's book Sabriel to ba a compelling, and wonderfully detailed story. I found it to be a quick paced fantasy, with many twists and turns. I found the ending to be slightly out of place, and weak, and hope Nix comes out with a sequal for his herione, Sabriel. All in all, I  would have to say that this was THE BEST book I have ever had the privilage  to read.
B000002OX7|5.0|Probably my favorite cover of all time along with the covers of The Velvet Underground and Nico and Rubber Soul. Anyway, Who's Next is one of the greatest albums of all time, at least top ten. Bargain, Going Mobile and  Behind Blue Eyes are all great songs. However, Baba O'Riley and Won't Get  Fooled Again are possibly my two favorite songs by the Who. The Who were  one of the most influential and original bands in Rock history. This album  is the best release of their career. Even if you just want to buy one  album, don't buy a greatest hits CD, Buy Who's Next. You Won't Regret It.
B000001E7T|5.0|I often listen to CDs while at work for I sit all day in front a computer...  In fact, this is what I'm doing right now.  And this is the CD I'm listening to.<br />P.J. Harvey packs an emotional wallop and this album  definitely succeeds in the mood catagory.  Vocally, she has a timbre that  pulls you in.  Musically, the album shines.  <br />There is absolutely no  filler.<br />To Bring You my Love receives my highest recommendation.  Buy it!
B000005Z0G|5.0|I think Tupac's CD is great! Actually, all of them are awesometo listen to. I listen to him all the time! I would recommend any ofhis CDs to most people. I think they are worth the money!
0451169514|5.0|I love IT, it was my fave Stephen King book, my second was the Stand, if you haven't read either, you should.  Or try The Shining, Pet Sematary, Carrie, or Salem's Lot.  They are all great Stephen King books.  Or try  Dean Koontz or Jonathan Kellerman, they are both good too.  Here I'll tell  you a little about IT.<br />In 1958, seven, twelve year old kids, six boys,  and one girl find that a ancient evil lives in their town and is killing  children of all ages.  They christen the evil that can change faces  &quot;IT.&quot; One of kids, his little brother was killed by it.  The kid  wants to avenge his brother's death and stop others from happening.  So  they go and fight it and kill it  Or did they.....? Many years later, in  1985, all of the kids but one had moved away.  They are know successful  grownups, but one call will change their lives.  The man still living in  their hometown calls each one, with a chilling message.  &quot;IT's  back.&quot;
630575067X|1.0|Don't get the 'regular' cropped screen version.  Other reviews you may have read warn of this tragic viewing experience.  Only the wide-screen version will do.  I was very upset at the cropped version which I viewed  the other night. Don't waist your time.
B00003CWPQ|4.0|I saw this movie when it came to the theater, and I really liked it. Kubrick's films are not for everyone, he appeals to more of the visual and even your own imagination to be able to draw a conclusion about what he is  trying to say.He is a true genius and will be missed.
B000001EPB|4.0|I really enjoyed this Cd almost as much as the Riverdance soundtrack. The music is very energetic, but I think that not having the taps of the dancers in the soundtrack on all but the last two tracks takes away from  the feel of the music. One without the other, it just isn't the same.
052594527X|1.0|Unless you're familiar with Vermeer going in, there's not much to offer to those of us who aren't followers of 17th century Flemish art.  The book is purposely slow, the main protagonist is too mature beyond her years and there are only one or two &quot;scenes&quot; in the book that are key to  what the novel is all about.  People who will most appreciate this book  will have general knowledge of the artist and already be captivated by the  painting.  For such a slim volume, one would have expected more emotion and  charm.  Instead, this is a book that, while short, is not a page turner.   You can literally put this book down and come back to it, but not for the  right reasons for a novel.  Strictly for readers who prefer mood, subtle  gestures and a somber tone.  No revelations or earth-shattering statements  here...  The book's jacket, however, gets five stars...
B000000ZKD|4.0|An odd but great album. Releases like this are common now in this era of &quot;tribute&quot; albums, but in the late 60's something like this was uncommon. Booker T. Jones (organ, piano) and Donald &quot;Duck&quot; Dunn  (bass) were big Beatles fans and cooked up the idea of covering the  Beatles' &quot;Abbey Road&quot; album in the MG's laid-back funky Memphis  soul style. It sounds like a bad idea, but it works. The stripped-down,  propulsive MG's arrangements bring an edge to these familiar songs that  makes them sound brand new. This isn't the best MG's album, but it's close.
6302759110|4.0|For two hours or so put aside Bram Stoker and Gothic Pathos andjust have fun watching Oldman and Hopkins having a field daydeconstructing and camping up Dracula and Van Helsing. Ryder and Reeves are the straight-men to the superior, if tongue-in-cheek, performances of these two Great Actors. Whatever Coppolla actually may have had in mind in making this film, it's redeemed by the humor and humanity of Oldman and Hopkins. You probably DON'T want to buy this; but, please, certainly rent it and prepare to have a good time.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I never thought that I would have faith in music again with all the same old rehashed stuff coming out.  It was such a relief to hear this album.  It is to me a cross between the Smiths and Galaxie 500.  I am now a  believer and my faith has been restored.  There are people out there that  are making music that doesn't make your ears bleed.
0440234743|1.0|an old guy jumping out of the window seems to be the only interesting character in the book, it would be better that the other characters were looking for the window to jump out of. The story we have seen before in second rate novels, it isn't gripping at all, you wonder all the time why  you read this book. A pity because Grisham was a good read up to now.
B00000JWVO|5.0|As I stated above, THIS VIDEO RULES THE WORLD!  I love every minute of it and have watched it nearly twice a day since I got it. Every time I hear Memory, performed by Elaine Paige, I nearly burst into tears. I love the  music, the dancing, and everything in between. I am fourteen years old, and  reccomend this to EVERYONE!
0553277472|5.0|If you're like me you like hearing from some good old fashioned nut balls, and boy is Robby a nut!  The story is fun and the commentaries on philosophy and zen will blow your mind.  But let it be blown!  Let your  mind splatter against the wall, scrape em off, stick em back in the ol head  and start reading backwards!  Don't listen to the drapchodes who gave this  book low ratings if you don't love it I will personally send you ten  thousand dollars....actually no wait that's a bad idea.  But I will send  you a greek translation of the book, I hope that helps. PS do not expect  this translation to arive anytime soon
B00000ICLV|5.0|FOR ALL YOU TULL FANATICS, THIS ALBUM WAS A DISAPPOINTMENT, SINCE IT WAS PRECEEDED BY THREE INCREDIBLE DISCS.  BUT THIS MARKED A CHANGE IN DIRECTION FOR THE BAND AND FUELED ONE OF THE BEST LIVE SHOWS I HAD EVER SEEN.  THIS  ALBUM FEATURES SOME AMAZINGLY SIMPLE YET ELEGANT RECORDINGS, AND WAS  RECORDED WHILE IAN ANDERSONS VOCAL PROWESS WAS (IN MY OPINION) AT ITS PEAK.   IT IS SUBTLE IN ITS ATTRACTION, AND AS ANOTHER REVIEWER STATED, REALLY  GROWS ON YOU.  SKATING AWAY, IS A CLASSIC TULL TUNE THAT IS TIMELESS, AND  FOR THOSE WHO ARENT TULL FANATICS BUT JUST WANT A FUN AND LIGHT ALBUM OF  THEIRS TO ENJOY, THIS IS THE ONE.  AND TO THE OTHER REVIEWER THAT DIDNT  CARE FOR THIS RECORDING, TOO OLD TO R AND R, IS A MISUNDERSTOOD AND LARGELY  IGNORED MASTERPIECE TO BE TRULY SAVORED!   I WOULD STRONGLY URGE ANYONE  TO PURCHASE THIS IN THE 24K FORMAT, AND ENJOY FOR YEARS TO COME!
0140042520|5.0|Cracker Jack's got quite a nack at righting these shindigs about the bums in rucksacks.  Dharma Bums gives you a glimpse into the life of the Beats with a focus on their cut of Zen.  This really is a great story and it will  inspire you.  On a side note I recommend trying to find the original  edition; the old pages really smell a lot better.
B00000ICLV|5.0|THE HYPE PLACED BY OTHERS, AND THE STORIES OF GOOD BAD OR INDIFFERENT ARE ALL GARBAGE.  THIS ALBUM IS EXACTLY WHAT IT IS. JETHRO TULL.  IAN ANDERSON ALWAYS HAS DONE AS HE CHOOSES AND ALWAYS WILL.  HE HAD JUST DONE TWO STRONG  THEME ALBUMS, AND NEEDED A &quot;BREAK&quot;.  THIS ALBUM ALSO, AS SOMEONE  ELSE HAS MENTIONED, ALLOWED TULL TO USE ALOT OF PREVIOUSLY DISCARDED  MATERIAL.  SHAPED AND FORMED, THIS &quot;JUNK&quot;, HAS BECOME A LIGHT,  WONDERFUL, PLAYFUL ALBUM THAT ANYONE FROM THE DIE HARD TULLIES, TO THE  CASUAL RADIO TULL LISTENER, CAN ENJOY. SO BUY IT, RELAX, LISTEN, AND ENJOY  IAN ANDERSONS TREMENDOUS VOCALS, WRITING, ARRANGING, AND ARTISTRY.  THE 24K  GOLD DISC IS ASTONISHING IN ITS QUALITY, AND WILL SERVE YOUR LISTENING  NEEDS FOR YEARS TO COME. THIS IS A FUN DISC.
0070016798|5.0|Great book for first and second semester aerodynamics.  Especially the sections on supersonics and hypersonics.  Links the technical and historical aspects of aerodynamics to give a very good global perspective of the subject.  Anderson also provides &quot;roadmaps&quot; which tend to  help the reader stay on track as to where the discussion is going.  Those  are especially helpful for technical books such as this one.
B00003CWL6|3.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is highlighted, and rightfully so, by Kevin Spacey's Oscar winning performance.  He really makes the film worth watching.  His ability to play this middle aged man who is going through a midlife crisis is very very good.  His character is very interesting and if  it served as a strict character study the film would have been much better.   <br />Every other character in this film is horrible not just in the way they  are written but by who the people are.  There is a character in this film  that not only sells pot but is portrayed as a wonderful person who is only  put down by his abusive and crazy dad who does not want him using or  selling.  Hollywood will take the kid's side of course and will not  tolerate the father figure at all.  Other chracters like Spacey's wife  (Annette Benning in a pretty good performance) and his daughter are just  terrible characters.  <br /> Everyone else around him was not only insane but not  very good at heart either.  At least Spacey's character had some decency.   The film is very evil and dark but should be watched for Spacey's  performance.  Other than that, the film is very mediocre.
0930289234|5.0|Reading Watchmen changed my perspective on comics, on fiction, on life, everything.  There's very few stories written as brilliantly as this in any medium in any genre.  I recommend Watchmen to anyone who likes to read.  It  doesn't matter what.
0446310786|5.0|The best thing about this book is the characters.  They are all so beleivable and you sympathize with them and feel their emotions...a sign of great writing.  I think the thing I like most about this book is that it has a bit of subtle himor thrown in.  My favorite line in this book, or any  other , is when Scout says &quot; Pass the damn ham, please&quot;  at the  dinner table.  Just an example of the depth of the characters.  Atticus is  one of the best father figures I have ever seen.  My good friend is named  Jean Louise and to this day I still call her Scout.  That is how much I  love this book....an all time favorite, with a great message for everyone.
B000002UZ1|5.0|I purchased the cassette of this album back in the 80's (along with the RED album).  It is a must have for any Beatles fan.  Mine has spent much of it's life in my car stereo and I am purchasing it once again (I finally  wore it out!).  With songs like &quot;Lady Madonna&quot; and &quot;My  Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; it is a wonderfull collection of the later  Beatles tunes that keep a person entertained on those long road trips.
630326669X|4.0|I give this only 4 out of 5 stars only because this is not Godard's final cut of the film. I hate it when producers and studios feel they have the right to undermine what the director intended a film to be...so because of  that, I can't give it a perfect rating. <br />Anyhow, after Jean-Luc Godard  made 'Weekend', he didn't really return to narrative until 1979. This is  one of his early experimental works, and easily the most famous due to The  Rolling Stones participation. But don't be fooled: this isn't a film about  The Rolling Stones; not at all. This is a film for fans of the director,  and perhaps Marxist left-wing politics. The typical Stones fan probably  won't be too impressed by this film. I would recommend they pick up a  different video on the band. The Rolling Stones place in this film serve  mainly as metaphor, while Godard intercuts their recording session for the  song 'Sympathy For the Devil' with several dramatic sequences involving a  young revolutionary girl and a group of Black Panthers.  The highlight of  this picture for me is not the recording session with The Stones, but  rather an incredible tracking shot around a garbage dump, while members of  the Black Panther group read from various texts on different issues of  colour, some of them completely absurd, while a group of young white women  are escorted through the dump at gunpoint. <br />This is incredibly wild,  revolutionary filmmaking. More of a poem than a film. And always brilliant.
B0000047CX|5.0|This CD is a must for people who like to have a well rounded Jazz CD collection.  I consider this CD as one of my favorites.  I highly recommend it to anyone building a Jazz library.
0060977493|1.0|While some argue that The God of Small Things, by Arundhati Roy, is a beautifully told story of a family torn apart by their struggles in life, I, however, strongly disagree.  It is correct to say that the language is quite elegant, but this hardly makes up for the absence of a much- needed  story line.  Not to mention an over abundance of monotonous speech based on  childhood experiences, which transform this novel into an incoherent piece  of literature.  Along with the beginning chapters come numerous characters  that are hard to keep track of unless you have a guide.  Her use of stream  of consciousness takes away from the understanding of the novel because  once you begin to comprehend what she is saying, she drifts of into another  pointless idea or flashback.  In addition to her use of stream of  consciousness, is her inability to express her point in a clear,  comprehensible manner.  On numerous occasions throughout the novel, Roy  &quot;beats around the bush&quot; only to give the reader one more  miniscule idea which will soon leave the mind of the reader.    I  vehemently discourage anyone from reading this novel for pleasure, except  for readers who enjoy a confusing novel, which requires a great deal of  back tracking as well as a strong memory.  The God of Small Things is an  overwhelming novel, which is to be steered clear of those in search of a  novel with a plot, suspense, and a point.  In all fairness to Mrs. Roy,  however, I felt that her eloquent language was quite intelligent, and  despite the fact that she constantly over states minute details, it makes  her work of literature unique and certainly appalling, I mean appealing to  others who have never read material such as this.  Due to the fact that I  am not accustomed to her style, explains why I feel the way that I do.
0783240503|4.0|This movie was amazing! I've seen the play and own the CD, and this was by far better. The cast has so much fun with their roles that the audience can't help but enjoy the performance. Donnie Osmond was made for this role,  and Maria Friedman shines as the Narrator. I saw another review that said  this was racy and distasteful for children, but I found it no more  inappropriate than the live performance, and the scenes in question are  over so fast, children will hardly have time to question it. I think it's  great for the whole family, musical-lovers and nonmusical-lovers alike! I  expected it to be the taping of a live performance, and was dreading the  poor quality that is unavoidable in such cases, like extreme facial  closeups, and bad lighting. What a surprise this was! It was nothing like I  expected, and better than I hoped!
B0000025KI|5.0|I just witnessed Bruce and the E-street band here in Portland the other night, my first time to a Bruce concert. It was like listening to The River for the first time. I was simply at a loss for words. He started the show  off with &quot;The Ties That Bind.&quot; I got goose bumps. It brought back  memories of when I bought this album (vinyl)18 years ago, which I have  played so much the groves are nearly worn off. An often overlooked  masterpiece on this album is &quot;Drive all night.&quot; 8 minutes of pure  beauty and probably the best sax from the Big Man you'll ever hear. Buy it  simply for this song.
0783240503|5.0|Knowing the music well but never having the opportunity to see Joseph on Broadway, I was thrilled to buy this video. The only things I would change are the narrator and the outfits worn by Pharaoh's women! Yikes! Otherwise  I found it entertaining, hilarious and well put together -cheesy props and  all!  This is typical Andrew Lloyd Webber and I LOVE IT!
0783240503|5.0|This work was the best Bible based Musical I ever saw.  I saw the show in Chicago, and this made me relive the moment.  Very Good.
B000002LJA|3.0|While I was Glad Miles was On Here among Others this Album was Hit&amp;Miss thru Out.New Jack&amp;Q don't Really Mix.Lets Face it The Brothers Johnson not only are Great Musicians but also Solid Writers Cuz Q  has Covered Alot of Their Stuff.but I'll Be Good To You Sounds Watered  Dwon.Now I Dig Ray Charles&amp;Chaka Khan but this Song isn't Happening.The  Secret Garden is a Great Cut.Barry WHite,Al B.Sure,James Ingram&amp;El  Debarge all Rip this Cut.BirdLand is Good.also Tomorrow(better You,better  me)featuring Tevin Campbell.Pretty Good Disc But Michael Jackson is Missing  Badly and The Disc tries to Hard for Mass-Appeal.Quincy is still the  Greatest Producer&amp;One of Musics Greatest Teachers but this One Doesn't  Quite Hit the Mark.
0312117337|3.0|I bought this package some-odd years ago as my first Tarot deck and was both delighted and disappointed.  The Zen approach to card interpretation makes it very easy to begin readings, but leaves you with only a vague idea of what the combination of cards means.  Most people want a hint to help  make a decision, not a self-help recommendation.  But I agree with the book  in that &quot;all answers lie within.&quot;  Unfortunately, the meanings of  many cards are subtle enough that I have to have the book at hand to derive  an interpretation and they're all quite large, even for my  'palm-a-basketball' hands, and don't shuffle easily.  The artwork is very  &quot;transcendental&quot; rather than invoking intense emotions.  I'm  happy I bought this as my first deck and I use it off and on for issues  that bother me, but I'd find a more entertaining deck to give readings  with.
B000002JS8|5.0|Ac/Dc Goes Off on this Classic.This is One Of MY favorites By Them.Bon Scott Never Lets Up with The Grooves.The Title Cut,Night Prowler&amp;Shot Down In Flames are The Cuts.
B000000WJZ|4.0|Judging from the reviews given on this website, &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is destined to become The Smashing Pumpkins' equivalent of Fleetwood Mac's &quot;Rumours&quot; album.  In other words, a highly commercial, perfectly  sequenced, slickly produced CD filled to the brim with hummable pop/rock  radio favorites, given just enough (or too much, according to some critics)  angst/depression to sound honest.  Add in a couple of guitar-psych epics to  the mix (ie. &quot;Soma&quot;) and you have a dandy of an album.  The  critics blasted them for stealing arena-rock licks from Boston and Journey  but neglected to mention that The Pumpkins did it *right* this time around;  they move the guitar soundscapes dramatically from crushing metal to  sweetly psychedelic and everything's groovy; this also became the Pumpkins'  signature sound.  Still, in the end &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; sounds like a  more commercial version of &quot;Gish&quot; (which was no doubt what was  intended, just as &quot;Rumours&quot; was the natural followup to  &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot;); it took until &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; for the  group to transcend their own now-formulized sound.  Like many big-moment  albums, this is one that you might identity with but eventually outgrow, as  the band itself did.
0061002860|5.0|This was one of the first Christie books I read, and I definitely got hooked to her books after reading TMoRA. If you like the feeling of wanting to kick yourself in surprise and delight and wonder by the end of a story, read this book faithfully from beginning to end.
B000000W6F|4.0|The fans who claim that &quot;Gish&quot; is the seed from which all later efforts by the Smashing Pumpkins sprouted are indeed correct; the main features of the group's sound--heavy, light and in-between--were etched in  stone on this highly personal record.  There is not a weak track to be  found, and highlights include the rocking &quot;Siva&quot;, dreamy  &quot;Rhinocerous&quot;, meditative &quot;Suffer&quot; and droning  &quot;Window Paine&quot;.  The acid-tinged guitar stylings, coupled with  Corgan's ever-so-angst-ridden lyrics, were an extremely refreshing burst of  fresh air back in '91.  The Jane's Addiction influence is clear but instead  of breaking up just on the brink of major success, they went on to expand  their sound to new dimensions.  And this is what makes Gish such an  essential--although, looking back, somewhat basic--statement. Some hardcore  fans still claim it as their best; however, it is hard to deny that the  group was able to improve on this already well-crafted sound on later  efforts.
B00000K19E|5.0|I loved the movie in the theaters and watching the extras included on the DVD were well worth it. I liked this movie because it is thought-provoking but not overly philosophical, full of action but not &quot;violent,&quot;  and fun. The movie was also fantasy but also delightfully realistic. I had  to watch it five times before I got bored with it.
B000000W6R|4.0|It's nice to have a collection of B-sides and outtakes released during the course of a band's career instead of hunting them down for years and then finally seeing them twenty years later.  In the Pumpkins' case, the  question is--was it worth it?  The answer is yes, mostly (and how can  Mr.Derogatis call either version of &quot;Landslide&quot; bad  AOR! )--although the CD does not come together as an album (I would  actually give it three-and-a-half-stars, not four), I would cite  &quot;Soothe&quot;, the opulent &quot;Obscured&quot;, and of course  &quot;Starla&quot; as the best of the bunch.  It really shows that the  band's branches (as opposed to roots) are in psychedelia over anything  else.
6303213650|2.0|I was about to give this three stars, but seeing how clumsily the previous reviewers have overrated this film (several couldn't spell the directors'  name correctly, one suggests it's set in the 40s, and another claims the  Robbins character &quot;makes it to the top&quot; when he does no such  thing), I decided to bust it to two as a corrective.  I find anything the  Coens make to be worth checking out, but to put this ahead of  &quot;Miller's Crossing,&quot; &quot;The Big Lebowski,&quot; and even  &quot;Barton Fink&quot; (not to mention &quot;Raising Arizona&quot;), as  one reviewer does, is just silly.<br />&quot;The Hudsucker Proxy&quot; is one  of the more interesting failures I've seen in a while. It plays with genres  (parody to farce to melodrama to fantasy), vocal accents (Jennifer Jason  Leigh is all over the map), music (mix in a little Khatchaturian and  Bizet), pacing (sometimes the dialogue races at breakneck speeds, other  times the camera takes forever to pull back), and time periods (a tribute  to screwball romances and Wall Street/journalism comedies of the 30s and  40s, the movie is explicitly set in the final month of 1958 but visually  occupies some no-time that straddles several decades).<br />The plot and  acting are but so-so at best. (My wife guessed and announced one of the  central plot twists, something about the blue letter, a good hour before it  happened; don't you just hate when that happens?)  Although it's supposedly  December in New York, there are a number of scenes with sunshine and people  in shirtsleeves.  Robbins is decent in a wide-eyed innocent role that  demands little (he's had enough of those -- &quot;Erik the Viking&quot; was  sufficient); Jason Leigh overacts wildly but looks great; the romance  between the two is utterly unbelievable, especially from her point of view;  Newman provides gruff fun but doesn't have a lot to do either.  Someone has  noted Buscemi's cameo; there's also a surprising one by Peter Gallagher  (the husband in &quot;sex, lies &amp; videotape&quot; and the supersalesman  in &quot;American Beauty&quot;) as a swing band crooner.<br />What makes this  movie exciting are the inventive camera work (running feet almost punching  the lens as they sprint forward; more than one 44-foot suicide plunge;  newsreel pastiches) and especially the set design (love that boardroom  table, and the hula hoop warehouse).  These are primarily what I would have  awarded a third star for.the husband in &quot;sex, lies &amp; videotape&quot; and the supersalesman  in &quot;American Beauty&quot;) as a swing band crooner.<br />What makes this  movie exciting are the inventive camera work (running feet almost punching  the lens as they sprint forward; more than one 44-foot suicide plunge;  newsreel pastiches) and especially the set design (love that boardroom  table, and the hula hoop warehouse).  These are primarily what I would have  awarded a third star for.
0684872153|5.0|Frank McCourt's perspective is incredible!  He's innocent and honest, giving the full picture of events and still showing the little things that made him love his alcoholic, usually unemployed father.  He shows the irony of ignorance: the wealthy people were ignorant to the abilities and  intelligence of the poor because they weren't clean and their clothes were  old and ragged.  Yet, no obstacle or slamming door was able to deter him  from supporting the family his father left behind and making his dream of  returning to America come true.<br />If this book does anything for a reader,  it is to show how much worse things could be and how any goal is attainable  if you want it enough.
6304578458|4.0|The turkey from Winslow, Arizona who reviewed this movie on 2/17/99 got it precisely wrong: the romance is what's fresh and lovely in this film, the action sequences punctuated with witty dialogue are old hat (though well  done, nonetheless).  Having the Minnie Driver character confront the old  beau who stood her up for the prom live on the air (when he happens to be  the PARTICULARLY secretive sort) was an inspired touch.<br />Most of the other  reviewers have summarized this terrific black comedy adequately, so I just  wanted to add my special appreciation for John Cusack.  Lots of folks  remember him from &quot;say anything,&quot; but my admiration goes back a  year before that, to John Sayles's &quot;Eight Men Out.&quot;  There was a  lot to like in that movie, especially the outstanding cast (from David  Strathairn to John Mahoney, not to mention Studs Terkel and Sayles  himself), but as the emotional center of the plot, the relatively unknown  Cusack blew everyone out of the water.  It's been great to see him grow,  from &quot;Bullets Over Broadway&quot; and &quot;City Hall&quot; to  &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; and &quot;The Thin Red Line.&quot;<br />What  is especially amazing about Cusack, especially in this role as a  professional killer at the center of a romantic comedy, is that he never  looks like he's WORKING HARD.  It all appears so natural and  effortless.<br />There are no wrong notes in this movie -- other than some odd  soundtrack picks.  Script is excellent, plot terrific, and the acting a  joy.
B000000WA2|4.0|I really like this album, moreso than anything their fierce rival Oasis has put out. Whereas Oasis flaunts their influences, Blur draws on them without fanfare, providing many Beatlesque melodies including the  beautiful, psychedelic-waltz,&quot;The Universal,&quot; with horns that  conjure up images of &quot;Penny Lane.&quot; Other standout tracks are  &quot;Stereotypes,&quot; and &quot;Country House.&quot; I love the 60's  backing vocals of &quot;Country House.&quot; That song is also a favorite  for my band to play live. All in all this is a good album and ranks up  there with my favorite Blur albums.
B00004LN16|5.0|Always great,if your an AC/DC fan you'll love if, you'll enjoy it if you like Rock-n-Roll. AC/DC is still one of the top acts in the business.A+++++
0743200799|5.0|In \\"Failure Is Not An Option\\", Kranz tells it like it was.  This is a very accurate description of life as a flight controller from 1960 until the end of the Apollo program.  The characters are real and the circumstances they  lived in are accurately portrayed in a manner that is interesting and  provoking.    I know because I was there. <br />Sim Sup
B00004RHZU|5.0|Her album is great. It's about time a talented young artist came out. She has a great voice, her songs are original, and she's got some great beats. It's definetly worth every cent.
6305718903|5.0|I have to say I really enjoyed this movie. I love movies that move me...emotionally and intellectually.  I did not buy this movie with any particular expectation in mind i.e. horror.  Instead I just popped it in  and watched it and took it in for what it was presenting.  I think the  people that are disappointed with the movie were labeling it based on other  movies.  That or they did not want to think about the issues the movie  brought up.  I don't beleive art has to fit into a specific category to be  good.  I disagree that the movie is in &quot;identity crisis&quot;, rather  it created an identity all it's own.  Would love for more movie makers to  take these kinds of chances!
0425170349|5.0|I first heard of Tom Clancy when I got the computer game &quot;The Hunt for Red October&quot;.  Now, I thought it was a pretty cool game (if darned near impossible to win... I didn't understand submarine tactics at the time), but it also came with a copy of the novel.  I read 5 pages and was  hooked.<br />Rainbow Six is no exception.  While the heroes we have come to  know and love (Clark and Ryan) have grown past the stage where they're  actually *doing* the work, but now they're plagued by the conscience of  those who are responsible for others doing the work.<br />Clark (aka Kelly)  has captured my attention ever since I read &quot;Without Remorse&quot;,  and Tom Clancy in his genius has always managed to keep the character  consistent and enjoyable to read.  He is the type of person many of us wish  we could be.  Capable of taking clear, decisive action at an instant's  notice, but who also is a good role model and has a good, clear sense of  ethics.<br />In Rainbow Six, Clancy feeds you the plot in bits and pieces,  much like his style in other novels.  You keep finding out enough about  what is REALLY going on so that you keep having to read more... and more...  and more.  Once you know what the plot is *really* all about, you have to  sit back and go &quot;Oh My God&quot; for a brief minute or two, before  diving back into the novel and trying to find out how the Good Guys will  actually be able to Save The World.  It turns out that the most unlikely  person ends up being the hero of the day.<br />All in all, I think this is one  of Clancy's best novels to date, and I look forward to reading more from  him in the future.
6305750750|2.0|Everyone out there is well aware of the content of this moviealready so I will focus on the tape itself.  Neither the Pan and Scannor the Widescreen is very good.  The sound isn't too bad surprisingly enough, but the picture is terrible. The special effects are totally wasted on VHS as the colors are so washed out and the picture is fuzzy.  Being a recent convert to DVD this is even more painful to watch.  If you LOVE the movie and can tolerate its flaws at least buy the unbutchered Widescreen version.  George Lucas is pushing off low quality on the consumer, what about those that just want a basic Widescreen VHS and have to pay for some cheap book and film strip? Don't waste your money if possible, wait for a DVD release.
6305750750|4.0|This was THE most hyped movie in recent years.  People stood in line for MONTHS just for the chance to buy tickets.  I even took the day off work to watch it two times.  Was it a good movie?  Hell yeah!   Was it the best  Star Wars film?  No, it wasn't.  Does it capture the essence and the magic  of Star Wars?  I think it did.<br />There were some things that really worked  in this movie (like the lightsaber duel *droooool*), and some things that  didn't work (Jar-Jar, Artoo predictably saving the ship, etc), but if this  movie had been released as the first in its series, it would have been met  by rave reviews, and not the mixed ones we're seeing here.<br />I'm now  waiting for Episode II and III.  I wanna see the lightsaber battle at the  volcano, dammit! :)
0375703764|1.0|This might have been a good novel, I'll admit that up front.  It wasn't, unfortunately, the writing is one-dimensional.  I was never convinced that &quot;several&quot; authors were writing this - it read more like Johnny Truant (i.e. Danielewski) was playing intellectual &quot;dress-up&quot;.  (Hint for Danielewski: merely changing fonts is not enough.)<br />The  Navidson Record could have been exciting and scary, but is was never enough  of any one thing to really matter to me.  It wasn't scary enough and it  wasn't original enough.  As with the rest of this novel, no explanation was  given for the house, and I'm sorry, but if your going to tease me for over  700 pages either entertain me or enlighten me.<br />Danielewski should have  published these stories individually, Truant's story is, at times, sad and  compelling (one word - pekinese) but I don't think it had anything to do  with what he was researching, clearly, he was &quot;merely&quot; going  insane.  Why wasn't that interesting enough? Johnny's last entry is an  interesting story but what the hell does it mean!  Who was the woman? who  was the baby? why should we give a damn about that story? Does it relate to  ANYTHING?<br />And lastly, why load this story down with Zampano's boring,  irrelevant, and admittedly, fabricated footnotes?  Unless one is a scholar,  and lets face it who reading this book would be, the unending discourse  Zampano has with himself is superfluous - made up footnotes within made up  footnotes within a fictional novel!  Why is Danielewski intent on wasting  my time?
6305499365|4.0|My friend hated his job.  I got him to skip work one Friday afternoon.  A couple of beers and &quot;Office Space&quot; and he quit on Monday.  This is quite a nice little piece of work.
B00003CXBK|4.0|I agree with many of the reviewers of this movie.  I have seen the Japanese version.  And although my understanding of the language is poor, it is better appreciated in its original language - just the sheer sound of  it gives it more emotion, reflecting the setting of the story.  Almost  anyone can read the subtitles.  Will Disney give us the option for a  subtitle version?
B000002UY5|4.0|I find that in each stage of my life, I take certain albums with me into  the future.  This album came out while I was in college.  Blind Melon,  along with others that where loosely in its &quot;genre&quot; like The Gin  Blossoms, 4 Non Blondes and others, where part of my rotation in college.   Recently I looked in my current rotation and while none of the others were  present, Blind Melon was still there.  Listening to the album again, I  realized how amazing the musicianship actually is/was.  Shannon's vocals  are fantastic- his range going from mellow to a scream without missing a  note.  The guitarwork is rock, but has funk chops and blues phrasings woven  in.  The bass holds down the bottom with the drums, but both can still be  heard clearly doing this own thing and getting a little bit of their own  spotlight.  The other reviews saying that &quot;No Rain,&quot; while being  the band's most popular is not their best are right.  My favorite is  &quot;Tones of Home&quot; which really typifies everything I've written in  this review.
B000008H1Y|5.0|THE BAND: Ian Anderson (vocals, flute, acoustic guitar, mandolin), Martin Barre (guitar & lute), John Evan & David Palmer (piano, organ, synthesizer), John Glascock (bass), Barriemore Barlow (drums & percussion, marimba, bells, glockenspiel).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1977) Originally 9 songs clocking in at approximately 42 minutes, this (2003) digitally remastered edition with 2 bonus tracks is just over 53 minutes long. Included with the disc is a 10-page booklet containing a 2-page forward from Ian Anderson, band pictures, song credits & lyrics. All songs written and produced by Ian Anderson. Label - Chrysalis.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Ian Anderson is in rare wonderful form on \\"Songs From The Wood\\". Martin Barre's electric guitar and Barriemore Barlow's drumming were often as good, but never better than here. The songs have a wide range of influence - ranging from rock, pop, lite FM, romantic, medieval (I can picture some of these songs playing in an old Monty Python movie) and 18th century. This was my 1st of more than a dozen Jethro Tull albums and some of my all-time favorite Tull songs are here... \\"Velvet Green\\", \\"Cup Of Wonder\\", \\"Jack-In-The-Green\\", \\"Songs From The Wood\\", and the slow bluesy 8+ minute \\"Pibroch (Cap In Hand)\\". It's hard to put Jethro Tull into one music catagory. Some of his releases have more \\"hits\\" than others... maybe that's why I like \\"Wood\\" so much. It has a bit of everything and there is nothing commercial (no big hits) about it. After the depressing \\"Too Old For Rock & Roll\\" effort, \\"Songs From The Wood\\" brought Tull back to prominence. Check out the credits... you'll find out that Ian Anderson played all instruments on \\"Jack-In-The-Green\\", and they even included the wood-cutter's name (from the cover of the album). This is a MUST have for any Jethro Tull fan... in my opinion, this was the last of the classic 1970's material from Tull. A great album (5-stars).
B000002UYZ|5.0|Quintessential 60's redirection of rock n roll. The &quot;new&quot; sound that grabbed the world in the mid 60's is right here on these discs.  Simple elegant beat.
B00000J7J4|5.0|MERE WORD DON'T WON'T DESCRIBE.  IT'S AN EXPERIENCE.
B0000024TT|5.0|One of the Greatest albums of all time. You are lost without it..........sorry.
6303184499|2.0|Pardon the pun, but this film had a sliver of a good idea: Carly Norris (Sharon Stone), a successful but emotionally vulnerable book editor, moves into a sleek high-rise and finds herself drawn into a world of electronic  voyeurism courtesy of a younger man interested in her.  Oh, yeah-- there's  a possibility he might be a killer.  &quot;Sliver&quot; would've been a  stronger narrative (and a box-office hit) if Joe Eszterhas hadn't been so  hell-bent on trying to turn it into &quot;Basic Instinct 2: Woman as Victim  This Time.&quot;  Had he been more faithful to the novel from which the  film was adapted (and I use that term loosely), there would've been more  suspense.  In the book, its clear from the first few chapters who the  murderer in the building is.  The suspense rises from watching the  protagonist slowly fall in love with this handsome sociopath, not knowing  his true nature.  In short, the reader knows a lot that she doesn't.  In  the film, however, the identity of the killer is treated like a National  Secret, which is pointless because its obvious who the culprit is.  And, of  course, when the now-notorious re-shooting of the ending occurred, the film  as weakened even more. Not only did the film become even less thrilling, it  also became illogical.  Joe Eszterhas should've just let the cat out of the  bag early on, just like in the book. In the film version of  &quot;Sliver&quot; we wander around, just as confused as Carly Norris.  And  after awhile, that gets old.
B000002513|5.0|The production's a bit grainy and the band's timing (pre-Max Weinberg) is a bit off-kilter, but this, Bruce's 2nd LP, set the stage for the Springsteen hysteria in '75. Some of Bruce's most sprawling, lyrical,  cinematic masterpieces can be found here -- &quot;Asbury Park, 4th of  July&quot;, &quot;Wild Billy,&quot; and the indescribably brilliant Side 2  (last 3 tracks). An added treat is David Sancious' last appearance on a  Bruce album -- check out his wild, somewhat classical, somewhat jazzy piano  intro on &quot;New York City Serenade&quot; -- Bittan and Federici are  solid players but could never touch Sancious' performance on this record.  If you think the Legend of Bruce began with &quot;Born to Run,&quot; you  would be incorrect.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|i like this movie so much. i saw it when i was fifteen yearsold. i also like see the story. now i have one daughter, i wish shecan see this movie for formal secion too.
0783240503|4.0|I just got the video today and have already watched it twice.  It's not what I expected but I found myself falling in love with it.  Donny Osmond is wonderful and the brothers are a riot!  My only complaint is Ms. Potifar, my 9 year old was full of questions.  That part could have been a  little more &quot;family oriented&quot;.  All in all it's a great  performance, and my family and I will watch it for many years to come.
B00000F1D3|1.0|MUST NOT BE MAKING ENOUGH FROM HER INFOMERICALS
6305499365|4.0|I thought that the movie &quot;Office Space&quot; was a funny movie. I thought the actors were really good for there parts, especially Milton, he was funny. I would see the movie again, maybe even buy it.  I would  probably recommend it to friends.  It was a good movie.
B00000FZQ8|4.0|In this age of massive special effects which outshine the posing (and limited acting ability) therein, it's nice to watch a film with a message.  And it's nice to see Dern as a GOOD psycho instead of just a crazed coyboy  or 'burbanite. It's a classic to be sure, right up there with &quot;Earth  Stood Still&quot;, &quot;Planet of the Apes&quot; and others.  Oh, by the  way, the soundtrack by Peter Schickele and Joan Baez IS available.  Doesn't  hold up as well without the movie, but still decent stuff. Dern really is a  good actor, although, like Meg Ryan, Dern is ALWAYS himself. And ya gotta  love Huey, Dewey, and Louie.  &lt;giggling&gt;
B00000J7J4|5.0|I got this CD for a Christmas present.I played it today,April 6 after working a hard week of the night turn shift. All I wanted to do was have a couple of drinks,and enjoy this Grammy winning record.When,&quot; (Da Le)  Yaleo&quot; came on,I found myself  dancing aroung the living room like a  teenager.What a great opening number from one of the greatest albums I've  heard in ages.&quot;Put your light's on&quot;by Everlast,is  wonderfull.&quot;Smooth&quot; by Rob Thomas,will be a classic that will  live forever.After playing this Masterpiece featuring Musicians from Lauryn  Hill to Eric Clapton,I wanted to know what record company would put there  faith in a Artist that was over 40.The anser is Clive Davis, who was just  voted into the rock and roll hall of fame.Clive Davis has the only record  company,Arista,that belives in talent,not youth.
B000023VR6|5.0|My brother came home from collee with the cd and I listened to it. I loved it so much I never gave it back!  It's probably the best Dre cd that's been out in a while. My personal fave is What's the Difference? I would  definately highly reccomend this cd!
B000000OSE|4.0|Without a doubt of all three REAL albums Guns 'n' Roses put out, this is the best, but it did not get a five-star rating. Why? It has a lot of garbage on it. I'll get to that later though. For starters it has some  songs on it which I have listened to over and over and have still not  gotten tired of them. In order, here are my impressions of each of the  songs.<br />Right Next Door to Hell: This song rocks. The intro is way cool,  but the guitar solo leaves something to be desired.<br />Dust and Bones: Izzy  does a nice job singing. This is one of the better songs on the  album.<br />Live and Let Die: This was only a marginal improvement over the  original. Take it off the album and bury it.<br />Don't Cry: Power ballad.  What else can I say? It is good but it is still a power ballad.<br />Perfect  Crime: This song is pretty weird. I don't know quite what it is about.  What's with that 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8? <br />You Ain't the First: I have read  PROFESSIONAL reviewers' oppinions that this is one of the best songs on the  album. They should be shot and buried where no one will ever find them. Do  yourself a favor and do NOT listen to this stupid drunken-cowboy  raving.<br />Bad Obsession: Cool blues tune. Unfortunately soiled by needless  cussing. Since when do blues singers use that language?<br />Back Off Bitch: I  love it! The best wife-beater song. It even beats  &quot;Stranglehold&quot;.<br />Double-Talkin' Jive: It rocks. Unfortunately it  is short and the acoustic ending does not belong in there.<br />November Rain:  Yet another power-ballad. It is, though, the best one I've heard. That last  guitar bit is beyond cool.<br />The Garden: Take out the stupid Axl verses and  the song rocks. Otherwise it is filler.<br />Garden of Eden: YES!  This is the  fastest song there is. Headbanging time!<br />Don't Damn Me: Second best song.  Awesome riff.<br />Bad Apples: Good blues song. I don't know what else to say,  but it is good.<br />Dead Horse: If I understood this song, I would say  something about it.<br />Coma: This song is too long and weird to be worth  listening to.<br />There you have it. The thing to do would have been to get  the best songs off UYI 1 and 2 and call it Use Your Illusion. Why the hell  not?
0316920045|5.0|...but if i ever do this'll have a prominent place.... IJ may be the most thoroughly enjoyable reading experience i've ever had; it's been a couple of years since i've read it &amp; it still resonates vividly.  I'd approached it with low expectations -- i'd read some of DFW's stuff &amp;  found it a little too pretentious, or maybe i should say too  self-consciously literary.  But what surprised me most about IJ -- not just  its thousands of little kernels of truth -- or even its ambitious take on  the whole breath of contemporary American culture -- was its warmth.   Beautiful, sad, rich, human, funny, clever.  Great stuff!
B000002HGD|5.0|If you are a fan of incredible music, period...add &quot;Everything Is Wrong&quot; to your collection!   Not only is it was of the most inventive and truly moving albums ever put out, it also defies categorization which  is a serious accomplishment in today's pop-driven music world!  Forget the  labels...anyone with a love for life should own this!  LOL
630575067X|3.0|Episode One isn't exactly the best movie of the year, but I had a helluva good time with some of the scenes (namely the pod racing scene). What Lucas needs to do is to not pay so much attention to effects and make his  characters more... likeable. Maybe give them some depth and development.  Some of these guys just appeared out of nowhere, as if Lucas didn't feel  like making up any original origins. Jake Lloyd was bad as usual; Osment  would have been a better choice. Lloyd tries too hard with his in-your-face  voice and redundant facial expressions. Jar Jar didn't annoy me as much as  he did with other folks, and Darth Maul. Oh man. He was great. Those  fighting sequences were beautiful. Lucas is a fool for killing him off so  fast, and he should have had more screen time. Ah, well. Maybe in Episode  Two, Lucas will try harder to give the people what they want: Original,  wholesome, light-hearted fun and not a special effects ridden excuse for a  box office hit. Like I said, it was entertaining. Very entertaining. But  it's hard to even think that it belongs in the same series as the first  three.
B00004RHZU|5.0|This is a really great CD. I bought it simply because I liked &quot;There you go&quot;, but this album is filled with songs even better than that one ! My favorite songs are &quot;hiccup&quot; and &quot;you make me sick&quot;  but everything on this cd is catchier than hell ! Buy it !
0743200799|5.0|The fact that Apollo 13 did not appear in the book until page 306 of 380 pages put a great deal of NASA and their missions in perspective for me.<br />Apollo 13 is well known by those who remember, and a generation that learned about it through the movie, and great books like, Tom Lovell's  &quot;Lost Moon&quot;. I hope as many people know about the tragedy of  Apollo 1, and The Challenger is still rather fresh in the public's  mind.<br />Apollo 13 was an incredible accomplishment by all involved, and the  3 men who persevered to make it back are nothing short of remarkable. Those  on the ground took everything so personally, but the crew actually had to  live through it. However the book puts this mission into perspective by  taking the reader through the Mercury and Gemini programs as well.<br />Alan  Shepard was the first to climb on a rocket that had a bad habit of  exploding. I don't know what the &quot;Right Stuff&quot; actually is, but  he had to made from it. And the Mercury Astronauts that followed all had  experiences that were way up on the terror scale for non-astronauts/test  pilots. That is one of the most eye opening parts of this book, every  mission was so new, that the majority had problems that were potentially  fatal.<br />You will read about the first moon landing, I never knew what  happened on that one. Manned mission hit by lightening, a mission coming  back with engines still on because who knew if the heat shield was still  there. Every mission is just incredible from the complexity, and despite  this, the rate of success.<br />I especially admired the manner that Mr. Kranz  discussed the blown hatch on Gus Grissom's flight. The movie did a grave  injustice to a man who subsequently died doing his job. The factual stories  are incredible, taking liberties with what happened for dramatic effect are  not necessary, and, in this case cruel.<br />The way the Mission Control  people worked together, trusted one another, and took responsibility for  their actions, is better than any management book I have ever read. The  young age and the responsibilty that people in their 20's had was  remarkable.<br />Mr. Kranz and all those like him are role models; their  integrity and personal commitment were total. They gave this Country over a  decade, a type of pride that was unique, and they did it with a special  kind of class.<br />Long before the politicians got around to it this group  was ahead of the human relations curve. The final Lunar Landing included a  gesture that could only be made by the USA, as we were the only Country to  plant 6 flags there, and had the selflessness to pay tribute to a group  that you will have to read the book to learn about. I don't believe many  Countries would have done it, and I suppose it really was not a Country, as  much as the men and women acknowledging what is and what is not  important.<br />An exceptional memoir!or  their actions, is better than any management book I have ever read. The  young age and the responsibilty that people in their 20's had was  remarkable.<br />Mr. Kranz and all those like him are role models; their  integrity and personal commitment were total. They gave this Country over a  decade, a type of pride that was unique, and they did it with a special  kind of class.<br />Long before the politicians got around to it this group  was ahead of the human relations curve. The final Lunar Landing included a  gesture that could only be made by the USA, as we were the only Country to  plant 6 flags there, and had the selflessness to pay tribute to a group  that you will have to read the book to learn about. I don't believe many  Countries would have done it, and I suppose it really was not a Country, as  much as the men and women acknowledging what is and what is not  important.<br />An exceptional memoir!
0767800958|5.0|Interesting and compelling. Beautiful to look at. Free of gratuitous sex, nudity, strong language, yet very erotic. This deserves to be in your library. I can not wait for it to come out on DVD.
B000002LRX|5.0|This album is simply one of the greatest examples of alternative heavy metal ever. From the explosive opening of Land of Sunshine, through the heavy, fast Midlife Crisis all the way to Be Agressive,and the bizarre, yet  brilliant Midnight Cowboy, THIS ALBUM RULES. For Faith No More fans and  music fans alike, this album is an essential. I thought 'Album of the Year'  was good, this is astounding.
B00002NDB1|4.0|I first found out about Iron Maiden when Number of the Beast was released.  A friend told me to listen to the first two albums with Paul Dianno.  Needless to say, I didn't like his style, until I really listened again.   Neither of them are Dickinson but just as I got to like Iron Maiden with  Dianno, I got to like Maiden with Bayley.  <br />Bayley is a baritone... He  doesn't have Dickinson's range (who does) and I think that's what  disappoints other people.  Sometimes he is off key, but he can hold a note,  it's just a low one.  The music is actually pretty good.  It's different,  just as Dianno was different from Dickinson who was different from Bayley.   I think Murray and Gers are in sync but the drumming lacks.  McBrain seems  to be simply keeping the beat rather than driving it.  I have read some  reviews alluding to a &quot;tired&quot; band, perhaps the drumming makes  this so...<br />Give this a try, listen a couple of times, and don't expect  7th son.  I think you'll like it.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix totally rocked!  This movie was incredible before I bought the DVD.  Once I got the DVD, the thrill was pumped up a few hundred notches!  The only reason that I only gave it 4 stars, is because I wish it had been  packaged in a plastic KeepCase, and a trailer or two.  Some of the TV spots  would have been cool, too.  Also, why do we have to wait so long for the  other two installments of this new movie trilogy?  Matrix rules!  It's a  real-life comic book.
B00000J7J4|5.0|A number of customer reviews have directed attention to the incorporation of other artists on &quot;Supernatural&quot;, either applauding or severely criticizing such an eclectic mix. I choose the former, and wish to counter  the charge that including a variety of popular artists on the album amounts  to &quot;selling out&quot;. On the contrary, I bought the album after  hearing &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot; (a solid, addictive joint effort with  Mana) on Argentine radio, oblivious to the fact that &quot;Smooth&quot; was  all the rage back in the U.S.  A work that has a little something for  everyone should be heralded, not dismissed. Moreover, if it is a certain  style or continuity in the album that you crave, you need only to sit back  and enjoy Santanas incomparable guitar solos. The work merits all the  accolades it has received.
6305750750|3.0|I am completely confused after watching the film.I don't know what the director wants to show us.I feel the producers have some commercial purpose.They were telling us a middle-age story but had a modern  appearance.
B00000D9TK|5.0|When I heard Cline singing in english I really liked it, she was very good and put feelings on the songs quite well, however when I listened her singing in french I was overwhelmed for almost every song either it be so  touching, moving or active and energetic; great and taking feelings from me  I can do nothing but to recommend it at most for anyone who likes this kind  of music, french modern music and specially for the ones that like Cline.
6305499365|4.0|I have seen this movie and think it is halarious.  This is a movie that almost anyone can easily relate to.  Holding a job isn't usually people's problem...it's enjoying it that they usually find hard.  These guys hated  everything about their job...especially their boss(Lumberg).  Unless you  can find something about your job that you enjoy doing, it is very hard to  make it through the day.  So unless you can find something about the job  you have that you enjoy, you are probably better off looking for a new one  because one of these days you just may break down and do something  stupid...
6305627347|5.0|South Park is the funniest movie I've ever seen! You might beoffended by what it says but I'm only 10 and even my dad laughedthrough the whole movie! Its got the best songs I've ever heard and if you watch the show you'll probably see all the characters from the show. Anyway its simply the best movie. GET IT!  END
630575067X|4.0|StarWars Episode I, in my opinion excellent movie.  The story is quite impressive.  The special effects are the finest ever seen in modern movies.  I saw all threes of the origional Star Wars movies in the theatres.  I  think people should stop comparing the movies and just sit back and enjoy.   Isn't that what going to the movies is all about anyway?
0380002930|5.0|I read this book last year in 4th grade. I have to admit it was confusing, but it was worthit. I had never read such a creative book ever... I hope every one gets a chance to read this book.
6305750750|3.0|A great movie that shows what CGI can do, and getting a basic start on the STAR WARS UNIVERSE of how it all began.  Although my main complaint has to do with the movie not being released on DVD, what is George thinking?  Compared to DVD, VHS does not offer the crisper sound and picture quality  that DVD does. It really is to bad George but the VHS version will never do  the movie justice.
B000006NPY|4.0|This review goes out to those of you who dismiss this album after listening to it a few times because it's &quot;boring&quot; &quot;depressing&quot; or lacks the kick-a guitar riffs that you're used to  from the pumpkins.<br />This is not an album you blast in the car with the  windows rolled down like Siamese Dream. It's an album you listen to on a  rainy day or night alone in your room.<br />I bought this album after  listening to a friend's copy on the strength of &quot;To Sheila&quot;  (which I still think if one of the best songs they've ever done) and  &quot;Perfect&quot; (which strikes me now as being a shade too commercial  but is still a darn good song). I bought it even though I _hated_ Ava  Adore, and overall thougth the whole album was kind of uneven.<br />But it's  one of those albums that keeps grabbing me. Sometimes it takes me months or  even years to decide if I like an album. But if it keeps drawing me back, I  figure there's a reason (same thing happened with REM's New Adventures in  Hi-Fi, another drastically underrated album).<br />Anyhow, I pulled it out  again, and I love it. The songs are beautiful and the atmosphere just  surrounds you. I even like Ava Adore now.<br />So maybe you should pull it out  again and give it a chance instead of whining about how it's not a *real*  pumpkins album.
B00000IMTH|5.0|This album marks the last of the &quot;classic&quot; Rainbow sound which included medieval, rock and metal styles meshing into a signature Blackmore/Dio led form. This album is also much heavier than the two  previous Rainbow studio LP's. Thanks to the re-mastering, the production  sounds a little better on this version. Ritchie's guitar playing is stellar  on this album, especially the solo to &quot;Gates of Babylon&quot;. There  are several highlights of the album. &quot;Gates of Babylon&quot; with it's  hard driving middle eastern influences mixed with strings for great effect.  &quot;The Shed (subtle)&quot;, a bruising, stomp-in-your-face metal tune.  &quot;Lady of the Lake&quot; is a traditional Dio metal tune and of course,  the title track. Also, &quot;Rainbow Eyes&quot; is a beautiful  medieval-sounding ballad that showcases Ritchie's diverse songwriting  skills as well as Ronnie James Dio's voice. All in all, this is a great  album and would be the last truly great Rainbow album due to Dio's  departure after the tour to support this album. Anyone who likes melodic  hard rock/metal should buy this cd.
6305750750|2.0|Well, I waited and waited and waited to see this movie.  (Never bothered to go to the theater).  The only reason I waited was I assumed the movie would be released on DVD or at least LaserDisc.  But, Alas all we have is  the Pan/Scan and the &quot;SPECIAL EDITION VERSION, which includes some  extras and the Wide Screen Version of the movie&quot;<br />First of all the 2  stars are for the movie, I liked it, good effects, good story line.  Good  enough to rate 5 stars if it was only released in a digital format with  Dolby 5.1.<br />Well, I learned my lesson, never ever ever again will I plunk  down the money for a VHS Pre-Recorded tape.<br />In the Wide screen version,  which I purchased, I see white spots every once in a while in the  widescreen border (being played on a reference S-VHS deck)  Very grainy  image (come on Lucas get off your a*( and release a DVD version.)<br />Very  disappointed, my recommendation is to rent the tape and wait for the DVD or  Laserdisc.<br />Very Very disappointing image quality.<br />Robert
6305750750|5.0|OK, you're asking what!  Episode:I maybe the &quot;beginning&quot; of the saga, but it is NOT the beginning of the story.  I just watched my WIDESCREEN version.  (Second time viewing the film.)  I now see where this  film is in the Star Wars timeline.<br />The story actually starts back in  Darkhorse Comics' series, &quot;Tales of the Jedi&quot;, where the Sith are  the powerful race.  The Sith have had dealings with the Jedi in the past  and lost.  Now the Sith are out for revenge.  &quot;Now we will get  revenge&quot;, says Darth Maul.  The Sith are secretly using the Trade  Federation, a body in the Republic Senate, as a catallyst to start a  &quot;change-of-guard&quot; by throwing a monkey-wrench into the fragile  Republic by illegally invading the planet of Naboo.<br />Enter Senator  Palpatine.  A senator who's interest in gaining power in the Republic is  quite apparent when he pushes to oust Chancellor Valorum for lack of  confidence.  I still question whether or not Darth Siduous is Palpatine in  disguise, I'm not sure here.<br />Enter Annikin Skywalker.  A slave boy on the  planet Tatooine, born to woman who says, &quot;I carried him, gave birth to  him.  There was no father.&quot;  Sounds like a premonition to me. ;)  The  Jedis have always had a prophecy that a boy would be born to bring Balance  to the Force.  However, as Qui-Gon wins Annikin's freedom and brings him in  front of the Jedi Council, Annikin fears the unknown without his mother.  As Yoda preaches, &quot;Fear will lead you to the Dark Side&quot;, the Jedi  Council hesitates to train Annikin of the Force for this very reason.  The  darkness starts to loom after this as Palpatine wins Chancellor of the  Republic and pats Annikin on the shoulder with a twinkle in his eye.<br />I  have upped my review from 3 to 5 stars, based on my new understanding of  this film.
B00004RE7C|4.0|Star Trek III: The Search for Spock starts out with a huge strike against it before the audience even sits to watch it: we know what the basic plot and outcome are going to be.  The greatest thing about this movie is that  the filmmakers are still successful in making it fun and entertaining along  the way.<br />This is a moodier and more somber story than &quot;Wrath of  Khan&quot; and really looks at how the characters have matured throughout  the years. The themes of sacrifice and friendship carry over from the last  film, and are intensified here to give us a warm and engaging story.  <br />There IS a good mix of action and suspense, particularly the theft of  the Enterprise (probably one of the coolest scenes EVER done in Star Trek),  the battle with the Klingons, and so forth. It is all secondary to the  simple but strong story line, however.<br />This movie represents one of  William Shatner's finest performances and is the best overall-acted of all  the films.  Christopher Lloyd plays the best Klingon yet.  Definately a  great Star Trek movie, but because it is the centerpiece to the Khan  trilogy, it has trouble standing alone.  See all 3!<br />For those who agree  with the review below demanding more extras on the DVD's (like me!), you  can e-mail Paramount's home video dpt at:<br />homevideo@pde.paramount.com
6305558167|4.0|this is a good and clear DVD of an underrated movie.<br />first, i'm not sure this movie stays 'faithful' to the legends simply because there are so many versions of the Arthurian myths; the more important elements (getting  the sword, Merlins interactions w/Uther, Arthur and Morgan, Lancelot and  Gwenevere, the last battle w/Modred) however, Excalibur did take liberty  and combined key characters (i assume for easier continuity) like having  one character fill the roles of Percival, Galahad and Bedivere.<br />minor  details aside, this film is wonderfully atmospheric with a nod to Kurasowa  in cinematography. its stylish and broodish ambience is maintained  throughout the film. the main story is intact and coherent, though the  acting can be more dynamic. this movie was made to be seen on letterbox and  the mostly Wagerian score is effectively used.<br />a must for those  interested in the Arthurian legends but also worth seeing for all movie  fans.
6305499365|4.0|Office Space was one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  It had many wisecracks that were unexpected and a twist at the end of the story that you assumed would happen did.  This is a must see for anyone in  the business community.
B00003CWL5|5.0|American Beauty is a sensational moive, which everyone MUST go and see. It has a sence of reality about it, going into day to day issues yet extreamly compelling.
B000000WG4|5.0|Back in college, one of the guys in the dorm used to play this VERY LOUD, so that it echoed all through the Quad.  Somehow, I rather enjoyed it more in the solitude and exclusivity of a pair of headphones, the sounds just  traversing throughout through my head.<br />This was a thick piece of music.   It throbbed, in a rather sensual way.  It rose into peaks and dove into  valleys.  Mike Oldfield took a bunch of instruments, (some electronically  created, some all the way live), and melded them together.  The last third  of the title cut starts with a bass guitar, and starts an inexorable,  growing orchestra.  He introduces and adds one instrument at a time to  create a huge wave of sound.<br />I love it.
B00004RYZT|5.0|this is an awesome video and I love rammstein and never seen rammstein on video untill this and wow it rocked hope you like it. dont get the censored version it isnt that good.
0670880728|5.0|This book is so funny!  I'm only 15 (heard of book from my YOUNG basketball coach...who so relates to all of this!) and it is so like, &quot;DUDE!  That happens to me/friends!&quot; Anyway, the book rules, and is hilarious... new favorite author!
B000001ZS4|5.0|Other suggested titles for those who are atuned to Equinox: Film Music by Mark Isham (very detailed and subtle, haunting and beautiful), Hallucination Engine by Material, 1984 by Anthony Phillips (dated but fun),  Blue Man Group (heavy, odd, percussive), Ommadawn by Mike Oldfield (genius,  Oldfield's Equinox) and Nouvelle Experience by Cirque du Soleil (track 13:  Sanza). For the more adventurous, check out Steve Reich (Music for 18  Musicians), John Adams (Shaker Loops, Hoodoo Zephyr).
0060922583|1.0|Although I admit to taking a dim view of books I consider pseudoscientific, I agreed to read &quot;The Holographic Universe&quot; on the urging of friends.  As one example of deplorable scholarship, I quote  from this book: &quot;And in his &quot;Philosophical Essays&quot; the  Scottish philosopher David Hume wrote, 'There surely never was so great a  number of miracles ascribed to one person as those which were lately said  to have been wrought in France upon the tomb of Abbe Paris.  Many of the  miracles were immediately proved upon the spot, before judges of  unquestioned credit and distinction, in a learned age, and on the most  eminent theatre that is now in the world.'&quot; (page 131)<br />I had the  good fortune of having read this passage immediately after being reminded  (in &quot;NTC's Dictionary of Changes in Meanings&quot;)  that the earlier  meaning of &quot;to prove&quot; (certainly the meaning in this passage by  David Hume, written in the 18th century) was &quot;to try&quot; or &quot;to  test.&quot; I suppose Talbot could be excused for not knowing that Hume was  reporting that these so-called &quot;miracles&quot; were on trial, not that  they were &quot;shown to be true,&quot; our present-day meaning of the  word.  <br />However it would be difficult to excuse the author's totally  misleading and apparently intentional mis-quotation of David Hume, eminent  philosopher and skeptic.  <br />Hume's actual statement reads thus:  &quot;There surely never was a greater number of miracles ascribed to one  person, than those, which were lately said to have been wrought in France  upon the tomb of Abbe Paris, the famous Jansenist, with whose sactiity the  people were so long deluded.&quot;<br />To deliberately delete a portion of  quoted text and thereby twist its meaning so thoroughly is scholarship at  its absolute worst. <br />The book just continues with more poor scholarship  and unproven, pseudoscientific ramblings.<br />If you are looking for a  thoroughly engaging and fascinating report on the latest probings into the  mysteries of our world I highly recommend Brian Greene's &quot;The Elegant  Universe, Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate  Theory.&quot;  String Theory, though still theoretical, is nevertheless  &quot;real science.&quot;<br />One star for &quot;The Holographic  Universe&quot; is too many.  Unfortunately zero stars was not an  option.<br />Warner and Christine, I still value our friendship even though I  didn't like the book!
630575067X|1.0|This movie was the biggest disappointment I've ever seen.  Lucas expected his dazzling special effects to save this piece of garbage.  Sorry, George, you'll have to do better.  This so-called &quot;great movie&quot; is  nothing more than a disgrace to the original trilogy.  I loved the first  three parts-why did Lucas have to ruin it with this?  In the trilogy, the  acting, storyline, and characters were much more appealing.  In Episode 1,  the characters where annoying and mediocre at best.  Most of the people on  this page who are posting 5-star reviews are just some Star Wars nerds-the  kind who camp out by the entrance of the movie theater in Star Wars  costumes.
0780619951|1.0|I haven't seen this film but HAVE to buy it on the strength of such diverse passionate reactions. It sounds like a 'must-buy' - if only as a conversation piece.<br />I have now seen this.<BR>I have re-rated to 1 star - that's for the opening credits.<BR>David Thewlis must have been extremely desperate to appear in this.<br />Marlon?... must be having a laugh.
0783240287|5.0|WOW!  I just viewed &quot;Joseph...&quot; this evening and I loved it.  ANYONE who has truly enjoyed a Rice and Weber production will find find this to be great fun...as it was intended to be.  Some of the others that  have reviewed this need to lighten up! I found Maria Friedman perfect in  the role of the Narrator.  Donny Osmond was incrediable, I think my crush  from 25 years ago may return, what a hotty! Best suggestion watch it and  have some fun; sing the songs, laugh at the jokes, and STOP trying to  figure out what the women are wearing (that's kinda freaky behavior  anyway). Enyoy!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Sarah is one the finest artists of our lives.  I first heard her music at a Lilith Fair concert and have pursued her songs ever since.  There is a beauty to the lyrics not easily found elsewhere.  To be quite frank, I  thank God that I even heard Sarah's music for it has improved the quality  of my extremely busy lifestyle.
6305750750|1.0|Very disappointing to see there is no dvd version planned.  I don't even own a vcr any longer.  If you have listened to any movie on both dvd &amp; vhs formats you will understand my grief---I can just imagine how  spectacular the sight &amp; sound would be.  George, it's time to get into  the digital age wouldn't you think?
6304011431|2.0|Powder I found to be a real disappointing film. And the main reason being because it has so much potential. Loads up potential, and a great concept. Yet it takes the concept and throws it into all these boring, barely  believable storylines, and never really goes where it needs to go. The  acting isn't very good at all, and we fail to even really get to know  Powder that well. How does he do the amazing things he does? Why? Seeing  something on screen anymore isn't enough to convince people it really could  happen. Good acting can sometimes do the job, and Powder certainly lacks  that. I mean Powder, if you're as smart and awesome as they display you in  this film, do something to shake the world up a bit, make everyone take  notice. Have your way.  And why does everyone automatically dislike him so  from the very get-go. I mean, before the kids at the bad behavior center or  whatever it is even know who Powder is they hate him, and they never get  him a chance to prove himself otherwise.  One last complaint, so many  issues fly through Powder. Being different, acceptance, tolerance, unseen  intelligence, electrical phenomenon, even a bit of homosexuality (which  didn't make much since). The issues are not given enough time and focused  on enough. We're at one thing, zoom, we go to another, without good  explanations. Powder is a film that falls way short of what it should and  could be with a little good writing and better ideas.
630382336X|5.0|This film is one of my favorite movies of all time.  I am a big time Beatles fan, and searched for this movie.  I found a copy at a music store that only had one copy of this movie, &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot;, and  &quot;Help!&quot;...I now have all three.  A Hard Day's night is an awesome  movie, chronicling what it would be like to be the most sought-after band  in the world.  I wish they would re-release this in theaters, because I  sadly never saw it there.
076781326X|4.0|a wonderful moment, full of souvenirs still up to date musically, technically speaking. A nice way to re-discover one of the greatest musicals ever done in the sixties ! Mark Lester is superb, all the actors  are wonderful
0060920084|5.0|I love Bill Bryson. I really do.  He's quite possibly the funniest and wittiest writer out there.  This was a wonderful book and second only to Neither Here nor There.  I am greatly anticipating the release of I'm a Stranger Here Myself on paperback.  What's interesting is his worldwide  appeal--I was introduced to him when I lived in London and took his book  with me when I, too, traveled all over Europe.  Keep 'em coming Bill!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is the best CD ever made, I'm not kidding.  I can't stop listening to it, I bring it wherever I go.  I've memorized the whole damn CD!  If you've ever heard Radiohead and liked what you heard, GET THIS CD.  Even if you've  only heard one song, get it.  It will be the best CD you've ever heard.   Trust me.
0780624890|4.0|Blade is an awesome movie from the Marvel comic (how could they go wrong?) - but what I wanted to say here is - whats with the Region Codes and the differences with DVDs. This Blade US copy has different features to the one  I bought in Australia which boasts it has two endings. What's up with that  ?
B00004RF9B|5.0|The reviews are in! It's a hit! Well, at least among those of us who have been captivated by the eerie mat-painting backgrounds, the story of inner monsters, a haunting electronic music score, and a humor-tinged robot named  Robby. My stepson and I have developed the same enthusiam for this film,  playing it many times over the years in VHS, LaserDisc and now DVD form.  Sometimes, the generation gap CAN be bridged! This movie was (and still is)  a remarkable piece of film making, along with &quot;The Thing (From Another  Planet) and &quot;The Day The Earth Stood Still&quot;. Science Fiction  movies of the '50s were more often concerned with monsters and communist  political subtexts than in more thoughtfully developed stories about the  primordial instincts of all life. This is a movie that wears well after  many viewings, and even with our jaded &quot;Star Wars&quot; view of space  movies, it remains a magnificent edifice to the film maker's art.
0440234743|1.0|I think John Grisham has decided to use his fame to preach to his readership so we all are &quot;saved&quot;.  If that is what you want, go to church because the story isn't worth it.  It lacks the excitement and suspense of his other novels.  The story is about a man just out of rehab  who is sent to the jungle to find a missionary who leads him to God. He  then proceeds to change his life and the story preaches to you over and  over.  Not at all on par with his other books.
6305603847|5.0|For those reading this review who haven't seen or God forbid haven't even heard of this disturbing masterpiece:  WHAT THE HECK ARE YA WAITING FOR?  True, it's not exactly the most uplifting and cheerful movie ever made, but  even if you see it just once in your whole life, you will remember it  always.<br />Basic plotline:  Rockstar Pink (semi-autobiographical embodiment  of Roger Waters, Pink Floyd's bassist, vocalist, and chief songwriter) has  had a rough childhood, a rocky marriage, a few too many pills, and few too  many gigs.  So, to cope, he sits in a hotel room in front of a TV showing  English WWII movies and slowly loses touch with reality through flashbacks,  paranoia, and nightmarishly surreal animation by Gerald Scarfe (these bits  are my favorites!).  There is very little dialogue, as the movie serves as  little more than a ninety-minute music video of the 1979 masterpiece album  of the same name.<br />The cool thing about the DVD (besides finally getting  to see the footage intended to accompany the song &quot;Hey You&quot; which  was deleted by Waters himself), is the audio commentary provided by Waters  and Scarfe, who actually (gasp!) TALK ABOUT THE MOVIE!   So many of the  DVD's I've seen with this feature simply let the director, or whoever's  talking, ramble on about politics or people they met while writing another  movie altogether while a scene that you would have loved to have some of  their insight to is playing...ARRRRGH!   Here, the rather witty duo  explain each scene's meaning, inception, and even trivia bits like trick  camera work.  There's a hilarious Mystery Science Theater 3000-ish bit of  goofing around on Waters' part during the &quot;Is There Anybody Out  There?&quot; sequence that was very surprising.  I expected these guys,  especially Waters, to be stuffy and dismal, considering the movie.<br />Secret  trick by the way:  the DVD has a LOT of interactive menus, and on all of  them, save for the into/main menu, if you push the&quot;9&quot; on your  remote, it will acitvate a different sort of sound byte.  Nothing real  exciting, but kind of amusing.<br />Other movies you might want to check out  that actually have pretty good commentaries on them:  Natural Born Killers  Direct. Cut (Oliver Stone shows you all kinds of stuff you might never have  noticed about the film).  Clerks (Kevin Smith and members of the cast,  including a very intoxicated Jason Mewes).  Detroit Rock City (One of the  commentary tracks is actually a series of interviews with KISS band  members).
6305807086|5.0|Its hard to imagine a movie that is this off the wall, utterly hilarious, and strangely philisophical was ever written, much less actually made.  Charlie Kaufman's script is so amazingly creative, blending screwball humor  and existential philosophy so well that you either laughed or pondered you  existance throughout the entire movie. The acting was equally impressive.   John Cusack has long been one of my favorite actors, and this may be his  best, most developed performance yet.  Even when he was doing greedy,  selfish things, I still sympathized with him.  Cameron Diaz was perfect in  an against type role (a friend of mine didn't know it was her until he saw  her name in the credits).  Catherine Keener certainly deserved her Oscar  nomination, and John Malkovich himself was hilarious as the man trying to  figure his way through this &quot;metaphysical can of worms&quot;.  I'm so  glad that Spike Jonze directed this move, having been a fan of his since  the days of the Girl/Chocolate skateboard videos.  Jonze really came  through with the perfect mix of subdued cinematography and wacky visuals.   1999 was a really good year for movies, Bringing Out the Dead, Magnolia,  Three Kings, The Insider, and The Limey will all be remembered for years to  come, but Being John Malkovich was the best and most memorable, without a  doubt.
B000000WA2|3.0|If you're expecting a 'Blur' or '13', then you will be in for a shock, but I'm not trying to dissuade you. Blur's eclectic style is one of the reasons for loving them and this darker, more despairing 'Parklife' is constantly  in my walkman for that very Blur-esque daily journey through the suburbs on  public transport. The tedium, strangeness and perverted secrets of 'normal'   life are all here, yet the media was partly justified in its backlash  against this album due to the several weaker tracks: 'T.O.P.M.A.N.' always  makes me cringe, while 'Mr Robinson's Quango' is a forgettable caricature.  However the melancholic songs are often heart-rending in their lethargy and  hopelessness. 'The Universal' is an outer-space, string-laden ballad about  a prozac-ed up, emotionally dead future society, and 'Best Days' is another  sad, homesick track. 'Yuko and Hiro' contains obviously autobiographical  sentiments about missing a lover, but inspiredly concealed in a story about  overworked Japanese workers. 'The Great Escape' is surely the ultimate  suburban album, sprung from the kind of introspectiveness that detects the  discord beneath the surface harmony. It's so detailed it's disconcerting -  sweet pop music twisted and warped into something altogether more sinister.
0385486804|5.0|While lost within the pages of Into the Wild, a masterfully written (&amp; researched!) account of Christopher McCandless's last couple years on earth, Jon Krakauer reminds me of the significance nature holds for human  beings. With an incredibly engaging format and use of language, Krakauer  reveals not only Chris's perplexing story, but the astonishing adventures  of other Hard-Core outdoors-men, as well as his own. This book holds such  deep content for the reader, should they choose to fully examine and  contemplate it. My favorite part, however, is the way it's told. I have  rarely read a story so beautifully, expertly, written. Jon Krakauer  demonstrates his genius with apparent ease. An EXCELLENT book for the  nature-lover's Self.
0671578278|5.0|I'm torn between begging her to write faster, yet sure I want her to never let down her quality. Lois' quality as a writer is still improving. This is a tapestry of persons you want to spend time with, situations you want to  watch unfold and calamities that make you laugh out loud. I've re-read this  book at least four times already and STILL am finding new details to enjoy.  The series should be read in order, however, starting with Cordelia's Honor  (including both Shards of Honor and Barrayar).<br />When reading the best  books, I really wish I could know the people and live among them to see the  events the writer hasn't time to write down for us. This is one of the best  books by the best writer of our time.  Really, I like her a lot.
630575067X|5.0|I can't believe what some people are saying about this movie. I thought it was excellent. The plot was well developed, and fascinating. Star Wars fans have been waiting for this for years, have been, in my opinion, rewarded  with a wonderful film. It was so neat, experiencing Star Wars the way our  parents must have, seeing it for the very first time. I especially loved  learning about the Jedi Temple. There are whole new worlds to learn about.  Even Tatooine, which we know from the first trilogy gains a new depth. My  favorite was Naboo, with it's fabulous cities and wldlife. Congratulations  to whoever thought up and created the costumes and hairdos for Amidala.  They deserve a standing ovation. I hope you get a chance to see this movie.  Don't let the bad reputation of Jar Jar Binks keeep you from enjoying this  film.
B00000K2SC|5.0|THIS WAS AN ABSOLUTELY GREAT MOVIE DONT LISTEN TO THOSE PEOPLE WHO SAID IT STUNK THEY DONT KNOW ANYTHING ABOUT A GREAT SCI-FI MOVIE I RECCOMEND THIS TO EVERYONE BUT YOU MAY NOT CARE ABOUT MY REVIEW BECAUSE IM ONLY THIRTEEN  BUT IT WAS AWESOME!
6305171769|3.0|I sometimes find myself disliking this film. But I must now say, it is another winner from Steve Miner, who did the classics Friday the 13th Part 2&amp;3 and House. His Warlock was also really cool. Unfortunately his  latest flick, Lake Placid was pretty bad, except for some cool gore and  funny humor. Anyway, I will say this film didn't have to steer clear  completely from the others in the series after Part 2. Because there are a  lot of series fans that like 4-6. The filmmakers made the film with a cool  pacing. NOTE : The film has a lot of scores from other horror flicks like,  Scream, Wes Craven's New Nightmare etc.
6305750750|2.0|I still have the original Star Wars when it was first released on video. It has been watched, literally, over 70 times. The picture quality of this 20-year-old pre-THX video, looks better than this $29.95 brand new video. I  have to back up the other reviews about how bad the transfer was to VHS. It  looked like a bootleg in most parts of the movie. It is stamped with the  THX logo, but you sure wouldn't know it by watching it. Oh well, maybe  Lucas will improve it on The Phantom Menace Special Edition VHS in 2021.
6304240554|5.0|Dawn Of The Dead, the sequel to Night Of The Living Dead, is better than the original classic. Night Of The Living Dead is the most famous one. But I think Dawn was better. That's not to say I don't like the original, I  love it. Anyway, this film is 2 hours and 15 minutes of pure horror  entertainment. Packed with spectacular gore from the Master Of Gore, Tom  Savini. The acting is brilliant. The actors really bring they're characters  to life, and you easily become attached to them. George A. Romero's  direction is  wonderful. His dramatic elements really fit in, and they make  the horror even better. And the score changes variably, from moody to  dramatic.  This truly is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. Its  sequel is also something not to be missed, &quot; Day Of The Dead &quot;,  which is heavily overlooked.
0783240503|4.0|Amabassador Alan Keyes said it best about today's politicians, &quot;They try to be all things to all people rather than simply being themselves&quot;. Joseph is an outstanding musical and generally wholesome  family fare. Regrettably, just enough of this production pushes the  proverbial envelope to make a cautious parent wince when sharing this  otherwise excellent production with young children. This production is  well-casted. Donnie Osmold and the narrator are both excellent. I've seen a  better Elvis/Pharaoh at a local production but it is the Las Vegas show  girl-like costumes that spoils it abit for discriminating families.
6305137293|5.0|This really is an entertainingly promising sequel to the original. Its not as good as John Carpenter's original. But that doesn't mean its bad or its not a promising follow-up. I will always highly praise the alternate camera  angle, where Michael Myers is shot of the balcony. Also the picture quality  is alike the original. There are some genuinely scary scenes. I once  thought that it perhaps took too much time in the hospital, but I like it  now. Because it gives the movie a very creepy sense of claustrophobia.   NOTE : John Carpenter supposedly directed some scenes.
B00004RHZU|4.0|sounds kind of like destiny's child and the like. But she's got a nice beat and she sings really well. She's got talent. Hell wit ya has a nice beat. This is on the border between pop and rnb.
B00000AOUD|5.0|I was in my attic one day and I found the vynal to this album. So I put it in the record player and...HOLY S**T this is the best song I have ever heard in my life!. This melody will stick in your head forever. Its like  Black Sabbath or Led Zeppelin with a flute. Ian Anderson plays his flute as  if it were an electric guitar, if you like music, you can spend a day with  THICK AS A BRICK, the best song ever recorded. It is very melodious.
0606141839|4.0|We chose this novel because it is the original &quot;Contact&quot; (first published in 1985 by Simon and Schuster in hardback ISBN 0-671-43400-4) Reading this novel was a credible journey into galactic realms, by 5 humans  and thus humanity itself. It becomes a journey of soul, science, religious  belief and politics simultaneously. Mr Sagan's career in science lends him  the perfect tools to describe the intricate work of the central figure,  scientist Ellie Arroway and her fantastic discovery. His cultural knowledge  is deep and enriches the other characters who journey with her.  There is  enough of the book given over to science, romance and fantasy to make this  a perfect book for any generation, it leads it's reader into an opening of  the mind beyond our own galaxy, beyond where many of us ever go in our  lifetimes.  It gives value to contemplative star gazing and faint traces of  credibility to intelligent life beyond our small earth-bound domain.  Wow  what a trip to take by anyone needing some sense of order to ones   fantasies...he makes it scientifically believable.<br />I enjoyed the  religious debate and felt it appropriately elevated beyond our own earth  based beliefs to seem credible, pushing one towards something larger.  A  larger concept of God or the Creator as we know them.  It moved one towards  a concept of preserving the world for the future generations, a more  unified world, a single humanity, a true global village!<br />I enjoyed the  book because of it's balance of all realms: theological debate, science,  humanity and it's struggle for survival and search for love and truth.  All  vital statistics for a fantastic voyage.  The film is less intricate but  recommended.  We also read Ben Bova's &quot;Mars&quot; and found it equally  fascinating.<br />This book is a mind and heart and eye opener, it will send  your spirits souring to the heavens amid a cascade of science, of human  emotion and human politics.
B000001ESF|5.0|I have spent almost all of my entire adult life listening to Rush. The first album I ever got was Moving Pictures when I was about 10 years old and I have been hooked ever since. The band has made many fantastic albums  (excluding some of the most recent releases) but 2112 still stands as my  favorite. The story told in this extended title track is punctuated by the  ebb and flow of the music. The lyrics tell the story while the music sets  the mood and conveys the feelings and emotions of the story. Simply put,  the perfect marriage of music and lyrics. 2112 takes you on a musical  journey you will not soon forget.
0451160916|5.0|The Shining was great.  I thought that is was kinda scary but not too much.  I thought that was good because I don't like real scary stuff.  I am going to see the movie and hope it is as good as the book.  I thought it  was great but it is really personal preference.
B000002UAU|4.0|33 years ago I was struck by how I had just listened to a musical work and not a collection of disconnected tracks by a given artist.  After untold replays the realization slowly came to me ... the unifing emotion of this  album ... as nearly as I can define it in a single word ... the emotion  that cried out from each track ... is loneliness.  Of course you may not  feel it or feel something quite different.  But that is what makes this a  &quot;concept&quot; album and one of the greatest of the rock era ... that  it is a single opus.
B000002MX7|5.0|Chaka's long been a favorite of mine and whether singing on her own or with Rufus, her singing always makes me feel good.  Get this collection along with Best Of Rufus &amp; you'll see what I mean.  Highly recommended!
B000007177|5.0|Consider these CD's a gift from Ian Anderson to us, lovers of good music. In many interviews he gave following the release of Nightcap back in 1993, Ian stated his lack of interest in going over all the ancient tapes from  1973, trying to compile the first CD. There are many of us, myself  included, who cannot thank him enough for doing so. You, I'm sure, will  feel the same after hearing those recordings.<br />The history of these songs,  taken from various sessions is quite interesting, but lets just say some of  the real gems on Nightcap were left out because of unexplained reasons,  which than probably seemed important to Ian. We are lucky those gems are  here to stay now, sounding even better than the original albums, thanks to  some  meticulous editing work, done on some of the earlier songs.<br />Of  course, you wouldn't expect the &quot;rejected&quot; songs to equal those  who graced the official albums, wouldn't you? Well, prepare to be shocked -  many of them not only equal but surpass their relatives who made it to the  albums. Just listen to &quot;Broadford Bazaar&quot; (1977) - why hasn't it  found it's place on &quot;Songs From the Wood&quot; or &quot;Heavy  Horses&quot; - it's every bit as good as most of the tracks on those  excellent albums. Give  &quot;Paradise Steakhouse&quot; from 1974 an  unbiased ear - is it really worse than any track of &quot;War Child&quot;?  these are just two examples of the rule - these songs are every bit as good  as the albums they should have came from, and, often, much better.  &quot;Man of Principle&quot; (1988) is such a great song, it is surely on  of the highlight Tull songs of the 80's. A combination of Bach borrowed  flute line and an impressive rock guitar riff, just  like the good old  days. &quot;Rock Island&quot; of the same period would have benefited from  the presence of such a formidable song. The same could be said for the  relationship between &quot;A Small Cigar&quot; and &quot;To Old To Rock n  Roll&quot; of the same year. This seems to be everyone's favourite, and  would put many songs on TOTRNR&quot; to shame. Sadly, Ian rejected it  because of its pro-smoking lyrics. Strange indeed...<br />Buy this  compilation. Buy it even if it's the first CD you'll hear of Tull music.  It's that good.<br />And now a few words of warning for the somewhat fanatic  fan only: The first CD is not the original Passion Play version(The Chateau  Tapes) as it should have been. It is rather a mix of songs from the same  sessions, some in the original order, some not so, which Ian compiled,  while omitting such excellent songs as &quot;Sailor&quot; (which is now  available in Bootleg form, as someone stole that tape). Ian chose also not  to include &quot;Sea Lion&quot; &amp; &quot;Skating Away&quot;, both of  which were recorded in the same infamous  sessions, along with all those  songs which made it to the first CD, such as &quot;Only Solitaire&quot;. I  guess there wasn't enough place for the original four sided album on the  one CD, though it's a pity a formidable song like &quot;Sailor&quot; has  lost its chance for a well deserved place in the official history of Jethro  Tull.
6305750750|1.0|This was a total waste of talent, George Lucas should slap himself silly. I don't know what he was thinking when he made this movie but it stunk. Let me help anyone who hasn't seen this yet, have you seen the original three  Star Wars? If you answered yes then you've seen Phantom Menace, it's like  all Lucas did was take the three established movies squish them together  and toss in some big Hollywood stars. And who ever came up with Jar Jar  should be ashamed of themselves. The only thing that makes this movie worse  is the pimple faced idiots thinking it's the greatest movie ever.
B00002E233|4.0|Okay, granted.  The terrorists are genetically altered mako sharks.  The holiday revelers are a team of scientists; the flown-in &quot;hero&quot; is their corporate sponsor.  And instead of shooting you, the &quot;bad  guys&quot; want to have you for brunch.  But the premise feels very  familiar -- and there are some really cool explosions....  So if you're  looking for a thrilling way to spend 105 minutes, I recommend this film  highly.<br />On the other hand, if you're the type who appreciates  well-crafted dialogue, excellent acting, and &quot;fresh&quot; storyline,  don't get your hopes up.  If you've seen a few  action-thriller/sci-fi/horror flicks, you'll be more than able to annoy  your sofamates with a score of predictions and forebodings -- most of which  will indeed prove true.  And the special effects, for all of the director's  boasting in the DVD's &quot;Making Of&quot; section, are not without their  flaws.<br />Samuel L. Jackson seems to have been poorly matched with his  scripted character; at times I wonder whom screenwriters Kennedy, Powers,  and Powers had in mind for the character, and whether a line couldn't have  been &quot;tweaked&quot; to allow Jackson's finesse to be better displayed.  L.L. Cool J, perhaps handed the light end of the film's burden, shines as  the witty, quasi-spiritual, entirely believable &quot;brother&quot; who  provides both comedy and sub-plot diversion.  (Do check out the deleted  scenes in the DVD version; they provide for many of the characters a depth  that I miss in the &quot;finished&quot; product.)<br />Bottom line: Fun?  Definitely.  A Breakthrough Triumph in Modern Filmmaking?  Not quite.
B000002UA5|2.0|This album is most valuable as a museum piece:  It's part of the bridge from the psychedelic Pink Floyd of Syd Barrett to the Pink Floyd of Waters/Gilmour:  one of the greatest hard rock bands of all time.<br />But  otherwise, I don't see the appeal of this album.  It's mostly boring sound  effects.  Just because a song is long and incomprehensible, that does not  make it either deep or good.<br />You really have to be Pink Floyd-obsessed to  like this album.  While I definitely consider myself a Pink Floyd fan, I am  not a fan of &quot;Ummagumma&quot;.
0780622650|2.0|Got this free with a DVD player promotion. Good thing, because I wouldn't want to pay for it. Excellent special effects, a potentially viable premise, but it falls flat on its face. Poor ending as well.<br />The various  DVD features are the only saving grace of this film. Spent more time with  those than I did watching the film.
B00003CWN2|5.0|To think that this movie almost didn't get made boggles the mind. Kimberly Pierce does a superb job in her debut film, she definately went unrecognized and deserved an Academy Award nomination in both the writing  and directing categories. Hilary Swank gives the most remarkable  performance of the decade. I was just so excited when she won the Academy  Award. I was a bit disappointed when Chloe Sevigny lost out the supporting  actress Oscar to Angelina Jolie. This understated movie was definately  overlooked in the best picture category.
6305750750|5.0|My friends say i'm not a true &quot;Star Wars&quot; fan because i absolutely loved &quot;The Phantom Menace.&quot; I guess that is their way of telling me that they didn't like it.  I felt the film did a fine job  serving as the first episode of the saga. First off, in rebutal to what  others may have claimed, the movie didn't exactly have &quot;loose  threads&quot; in the story. In my opinion, i saw them as open doors for  what is yet to come in Episodes II &amp; III. Second of all, i had no  complaints with any of the actors or their performaces. Ewan Mc Gregor and  Natalie Portman are just getting warmed up as, the young, Obi-Wan Kenobi  and Queen Amidala(mother of Luke and Leia). Liam Neeson's performance as  Qui-gon Ginn was as noble as his character was meant to be, from the start  of the story to his untimely death.  Many people complained about Jar Jar  Binks. I never had a problem with him or the Gungans. I didn't mind their  comic releif at all.  In fact i was more dissappointed when an army of  Ewoks defeated the imperial stormtroopers on Endor.  Others have also  complained about Jake Lloyds performance, I felt he played his role very  innocently, just as his character is. Ray Parks' performace as Darth Maul  was one to definitely pay attention to, adding some stunning light saber  work to the film. I was really happy to see R2-D2, C-3PO and Jabba the Hutt  again.  New characters such as Watto and Sebulba, were instantly classic.  The new computer generated characters, blended in perfectly with the human  actors. Some may have felt that some characters lacked the depth of other  &quot;Star Wars&quot; characters, but why should there be another Han Solo  or Chewbacca? They are in Episodes IV, V &amp; VI. I think the charcters  will really come to shape in the next two episodes and people will  recosider the characters of Episode one. See the awesome effects. Hear and  feel the great sound effects, as well as the awesome, John Williams, score.   See it foryourself and enjoy it. I urge those who weren't immediately  pleased in the theater, to go back again and check it out on video and look  for the things that they may have missed before. As a fan,i feel that the  widescreen version is a must, the bonus documentary, art book and film  strip are great bonus. I seem to enjoy it more and more after each viewing.  The only thing i find dissapointing, is having to wait two more years for  the next episode and another five for the third. Until then, i will enjoy  &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; over and over(as well as the other three).
0141301155|5.0|I owe it to Charlie and the Chocolate Factory for introducing me to reading in general. An immersive and very well written story, and also appealing to our humorous and imaginative senses. This book is fun to read  and most elementary students should be able to grasp it. Along with James  and the Giant Peach and The BFG this book is one of Dahl's best books. It  surely deserves 5 stars.
0783240503|3.0|I would just as soon watch a High School production of this great musical than watch the video. Donny did a great job, but Maria Friedman as the narrator lacks power. The sets were great, the costumes fun (although a bit  risque) and the concept of the audience in a drab gym was a great idea.  Overall this video lacks the energy of most soundtracks available and they  seemed to rush through each number. This is, however, an excellent  introduction to musical theater and I hope this (along with the Cats video)  will just lead to more Weber on video.
B00000IPAX|3.0|I am a gigantic fan of Blink 182, but this c.d is  light and pop-ish.  Compared to their first major label release &quot;Dude Ranch&quot;, the band seems to be trying to target 11 year old girls, and by doing so are  forgetting their punk-rock roots.  This c.d. isn't bad, but as i said it's  fairly superficial.  They prove me right with songs like &quot;all the  small things&quot;, and &quot;going away to college&quot; (gag me!) i hope  for better from this band in the future!
0767836286|3.0|This film is an inferior remake of The Parallax View.  Jeff Bridges overacts and is not believable.  The production values are fine, but anyone who believes that the ending, which is surely upsetting, is shocking, has  not seen enough political thrillers.  Finally, the argument that this film  is Oscar-worthy is simply not tenable in light of the degree to which it  borrows from The Parallax View and its failure to improve upon The Parallax  View in any significant respect.
0684852756|5.0|For those who have read all of H.Kureishi's work  &quot;Intimacy&quot; has almost nothing to do with his previous books.There are 5 characters and no more than 200 pages.And there is also little action. Right from the first page to the very last one ( which is capital to the novel) the narrator  shares  his life and most of all, his lies. Who does the narrator really  love ? What are his real motivations? Hanif Kureishi &quot;hurts&quot; the  right chord right till the end where the book takes another color, another  story. To writers &quot;Intimacy&quot; is one of the best example available  on the craft of writing. To all this book is an experience not to miss.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I was amazed by her first album and thought it would be hard to match, but she did it. This was my favorite album of the year.
B00000JZIK|5.0|I think the title says it all really! Kevin Spacey is fantastic, my new favourite actor, and the rest of the cast are also very good. Great direction and use of soundtrack - possibly the best film I have ever seen.  The ending? You know you wanted it.
B000002GJH|5.0|This is my favorite album of all time.  I play it so much that I'm on to my third copy of it.  The most outstanding feature on this album is definitely Chris Cornell's incredible vocals.  How he can get his voice up  so high baffles me.  There is not a bad song on this album, but I think the  first five tracks and Four-Walled World are the strongest.  Eddie Vedder  only sings on 3 of the tracks (Hunger Strike, Pushing Forward Back and Your  Saviour) and at times it is hard to hear him.  The guitar work from Stone  and Chris is phenomenal, while Jeff and Matt provide a very solid rhythm  section.  Chris' lyrics are incredible and at times personal as he writes  about the man (Andrew Wood) who was his roommate and friend. Say Hello To  Heaven is a prime example of this.  This album is a definite must for  anyone who loves great music and great songs.
0553470485|5.0|+AH4-There is so much expression in the voice of the author as he reads this timeless classic. I find myself daydreaming as the years roll back and I'm back in the third grade listening to Mrs. Bell read &quot;Salutations!&quot;. It's as if you are in the barn listening with  Fern as the story unfolds. I find myself getting choked up near the end  every time I hear it. Twenty-five years have not diminished this endearing  tale one bit, and Mr. Whites feeling for his characters and the bittersweet  passing+AH4-+AH4- of youth adds a wonderful dimension that is not to be  missed! This should be required reading and listening!+AH4-
0684800713|4.0|Ernest Hemingway's first novel, &quot;The Sun Also Rises&quot;, is about &quot;the lost generation&quot; in Paris and Pamplona after WWI. The 1920's is a time of a crisis of beliefs, lack of faith in the world or personal  values, and all the characters do in the book is drink most of the time.  Well, what else can they do? The world they once knew before the war has  been shattered, and Ernest Hemingway uses his own experiences to write a  spare and hard prose about their lives. The &quot;main&quot; characters are  Jake Barnes, Lady Brett Ashley, Robert Cohn, Bill Gorton, Michael, and  other assorted characters. They all live it up in Paris, and then Jake  decides to go to Pamplona to witness the bullfights during a fiesta, and  Jake will be with his aficionado friends of Spain. However, the whole gang  come over and Jake's last &quot;best place&quot; where he feels some kind  of security is ruined as the fiesta &quot;of drunks&quot; gets worse. Since  I've read this book for Engl 111 (intro course to literature), I have  finally &quot;met&quot; Ernest Hemingway and his mind. I recommend this  book for more serious readers, as you must delve into the theme that  Hemingway &quot;paints&quot;.
6305499403|4.0|This movie was great. All the characters were soooo funny. Between the guy with a nervous stutter to the nerd who jams to rap music, I couldn't stop laughing. With a story line the everyone can relate to, and a scheme  everyone would do. This movie is a great movie to rent if you need a good  laugh.
B00000099Y|5.0|When I first heard about Tool I saw the video for &quot;Sober&quot;, disturbing, but I loved it! I knew nothing about the band, I even thought the lead singer was black! Well, times have changed and I got this album  and my jaw dropped after listening to it. Though considered  &quot;metal&quot; I couldn't stop listening to it. My conclusion? As my  title says, breathtaking. I can listen to it all but my favorite songs are  &quot;Stinkfist&quot;, &quot;H.&quot; and &quot;Aenema&quot;. When I first  got on Amazon and looked the band up, I noticed all of their CD's had a  perfect five stars, look up other &quot;musicians&quot; such as Kid Rock,  Limp Bizkit, the Backstreet Boys or anything on MTV, they don't have a  perfect score at all. Why? Tool are just that damn good.
B0000027I6|5.0|This is Roger Waters at his angriest and wittiest. The lyrics to &quot;It's a Miracle&quot; are worth the price of the CD, but equally biting are the lyrics to &quot;What God Wants&quot; and &quot;Amused to  Death&quot;  both of which are wickedly sly and border on genius. By far,  Waters' best solo effort...and evidence that he was, after all, the genius  behind Floyd.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is the album were Trent tried to shorten his fanbase by going from dance-rock-pop tunes to industrial. Not that &quot;Pretty Hate Machine&quot; was all that light to begin with, but you get the point.  &quot;Wish&quot;, &quot;Happiness In Slavey&quot; and &quot;Gave Up&quot;  are the best ones here, but hearing it as a whole is an experience unto  itself. Angst rules this record as if the gang from KMFDM (also a good  band) came over to crash Trent's party. He made this as an assault on his  old record company, TVT records. It's heavy enough to make Fred Durst pull  up his pants and go home.
6305807043|5.0|Just the fact that it's a fulfilling movie in a decade wherefilms never fascinate should be enough Few directors can make such wonderful films while attempting to create a true surrealist piece of work. Jonze and Kaufman make it artsy and  entertaining.<br />For more great surrealist movies, check out the works of  Luis Bunuel (his entire canon), David Lynch (Twin Peaks, Blue Velvet,  Eraserhead), Tim Burton (Edward Scissorhands), Peter Greenaway (A Zed abd  Two Noughts, The Draughtsman's Contract), and Terry Gilliam (Time Bandits,  Baron Munchausen, Brazil, 12 Monkeys, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas, The  Fisher King).
076783819X|5.0|This movie is the best.  It's a little slow, but gets going.  This movie really makes you think.  The ending is the best I've ever seen.  I can't tell you though, because that would ruin the whole movie.  I'm glad someone  in Hollywood finally came up with the brilliant idea to not make the same  kind of ending where the good guy kills or sends to jail the evil maniac.  This was my favorite movie of '99 and there were a lot of good movies in  '99.
0451196716|5.0|I have to say that I thought that the &quot;Bachman-Books&quot; had less quality than King-books. But this novel is a true 1# Bestseller. My favourite figure in this novel is Stebbins because at first sight he seems harmless and so everybody supposes that hed die quickly but youll find  out that he is very tough. Will Garraty win? -Check it out! If you read  this book youll read an exciting book that is based on a true happening.
0792842731|5.0|All Bond movies are the BEST!
0670813028|5.0|IT is my favourite book right now. Ill read other books but I dont think that the following novels will top this book. I like when the LOSERS were children because it lets you remember your own childness. If you read this  novel, you will probably laugh, scream and cry. When youll have been  finished reading this fantastic novel youll think that life is beautiful!
B000003TAL|5.0|This is one of the most important albums of the last twenty years.  The sound the band created here has echoes in countless other albums by other bands in the years that followed.  Aside from the influence, though, the  music is simply great to listen to.  &quot;Teenage Riot&quot;, in  particular, is one of the all-time greatest rock songs with its mix of  driving guitar and unfrogettable lyrics that sum up the dependence young  people have on rock and roll:  &quot;You come runnin' in on platform  shoes/With Marshall stacks, to at least just give us a clue&quot;.  Lots of  bands got clues from this masterpiece.
B000002X1O|5.0|Across the Board has to be the best I have ever heard Grace Slick. It is a classic, and worth the cd if there was nothing else on it...
6305750750|5.0|This is the widescreen version of the Star Wars movie, which means they compacted the top and botton to fit everything left and right.  There is nothing missing on the right and left of the screen.  I think you were  looking at the full screen version.  I have no complaints about this  version of the movie except I would have rather seen the documentary at the  end of the tape, not the beginning.
0792838068|5.0|about this movie other than to describe how it made me feel the first time I saw it.  I think it would be easier to say that I was depressed.  But that would not be true.  I think it would be more accurate to say that I  felt sad, but not upset or angry.  I left the theater feeling complete and  satisfied in having seen a film that was so encompassing.  <br />How can you  not feel the love that Sera (with an e) had for Ben.  One reviewer said  that Ben never understood Sera's love.  I don't really know.  I think thats  a major point in the film.  We don't really understand Ben or what caused  his pain; hence, we cannot understand truly how he feels about Sera, and  how he perceives her love for him.<br />There are many things that we as  individuals will never experience and never truly understand.  Striving to  understand these things makes life pleasureable, and watching LLV was a  great pleasure.
6303921248|5.0|I have watched this movie series over ten times, each time with more admiration for the stars and the entire production of the series. Relatives and friends come over to watch it over and over. We all wish more movies  could be made like this one. It would be great if there could be a sequal  to this series. It would be great!
6304578482|5.0|this is not something my parents woud under stand but I DO! I loved this movie! IT's so funny about these two &quot;loners&quot; talking about their future and dreams. Kudrow, Sorvino, and Jeaneane Garafolo are great in this  movie! THe writer and caster of this movie did a great job! Trust me and  BUY IT!
B00003CWPR|4.0|It's not that surprising that this film was so wretchedly hated by mainstream America.  It should have been released in art houses, not as a heavily hyped Hollywood summer blockbuster.  The title &quot;Eyes Wide  Shut&quot; seems to be Kubrick's way of screaming to the audience that this  film is following a dream structure rather than a narrative one, and should  be viewed as such.  Of course, most people probably didn't bother thinking  about the title... they were expecting a sexy thriller starring Hollywood's  most glamorous couple... and they normally don't need to think about titles  or much of anything when seeing a movie anyway.  I don't really blame them.   Hell, Kubrick should have known this would happen... I don't know if he  was just playing a joke on the audience or once.<br />Once the hype and  expectations are stripped away, EWS emerges as an emerges as an eerie,  surreal, journey into a man's sexual and marrital insecurites.  It's not  about sex, it's about the thought of sex.  The journey is triggered and  driven by the realization that his wife has had sexual thoughts that  weren't of him.  He is tempted by and seeks sexual enticement, until it  truly becomes threatening.  If you think metaphors are boring and/or  pretentious, this movie ain't for you, because the movie speaks in them  almost exclusively.  The threat isn't really a threat to his physical well  being, but a threat to the life with his family that he has established and  cares for.  One scene that bugs me is the poolroom &quot;explanation&quot;  scene, because it's not what the film is going after.  It almost seems to  be there to make fun of such expository scenes in movies, because it  rambles on and explains so much without really explaining anything at all.   It's almost clever in that way, but I thought it was out of place.  Other  than that, it's not of Kubrick's best films, but it deserves way more  credit than the mainstream is willing to give it.
B00000064G|5.0|It's impossible listen to Pink Moon without tears in the eyes. Drake's would be dead months later and music would be in the listeners minds forever. But the sound made by that 25 years-old englishman with his words  and single guitar remains stronger than poetry, than VW commercials (that I  didn't and I won't see here in Brazil), than all the simple things. This  disc is a statement of life and how big it can be, Drake is saying death is  possible. And only someone who knew the life can say it.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Hole does it AGAIN after the success of Live Through This!  This is one of the most incredible recordings of the 90's with a delicious mix of pop, punk rawk, and postgrunge. Hole's fans seem strangely upset that they have progressed and grown as artists and can now write material that is epic and  universal.  I loved Live Through This but this album, musically and  lyrically, pushes way beyond Hole's sometimes neanderthal 2 chord  progressions of that record. At any rate, you're gonna listen to this  album, love it, listen to it again, crave it, listen to it again, and  become inseparable from it.  While this album didnt make a huge sales  splash, I have no doubt that it will be seen as one of the sleeper hit  alternative records of the 20th century.  No other band has been able to  combine punk rock and pop so seemlessly (Malibu) or write a  self-deprecating cheesy riffed classic of this calibur (Celebrity Skin).   Courtney's cat scratch vocals lend well to an album writhing with the  genius of one of the best bands of this era.  She was punk.  Now she's  perfect.  God she's awful...<br />Must hear tracks: Celebrity Skin, Boys On  the Radio, Playing Your Song, Petals, Awful, Malibu, Dying... I just  realized I'm naming every song on the album....  <br />BUY IT AND BE  MESMERIZED<br />Oh, and [ignore] people who say Hole's albums are ghostwritten.   The songwriting remains the same on all Hole records each with similar  musical eccentricities proving that Hole write for Hole. Billy Corgan's  desperate arguments (I'm the svengali) are particularly hilarious because  if he did indeed write any of this, it's better than any pumpkins record  since 1995...
B00000064E|5.0|It's impossible to me, an educated 29 years-old south american man, describe the fellings that been brought to me by Five Leaves Left. As all Nick Drake's records we got here sadness, shyness, fragility and above it  all, beauty. But it's a new kind of beauty, which come from soul, and it's  not just coming from Drake's soul. This music makes our souls more  beautifull than before and I can't explain it with simple words. Songs like  River Man are modern opus of the century, with the strings floating over  the ground, made by Drake's voice and guitar, leading us to a state of  grace and compassion. I know it seems corny, but it's true. Buy this cd now  and be prepared to see the world by another perpective.
006109594X|4.0|4 stars, but just barely.  The inaccuracy to American naval detail and some of the tactics are hard to excuse, but the story had too many good points to ignore.  The plot was imaginative, and it granted submarines the  power they really have that no one cares to acknowledge.  The writing style  was fluid overall.  There was also obviously a good amount of researched  performed, but with the blatant misses on the U.S. naval stuff and  over-simplification of good 'ole Kansas boys as the stereotypical American,  it's hard to tell where research backs up a detail and where a detail is  plainly wrong.
6305537798|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAS THE FUNNIEST CHARACTER (AND NOT TO MENTION THE REALLY HOT GUYS IN IT TO! ). GREAT STORY TOO. I HAVEN'T ENJOYED A MOVIE THIS MUCH SINCE SEEING CLUELESS! IT A MUST HAVE AND SEE MOVIE! WATCH IT TODAY!
B00003CWL5|5.0|There is only one word to describe this film: BEAUTIFUL.<br />So start to LOOK CLOSER and care about the right things.<br />WOW, Kevin Spacey is the man!  I just wanted to jump into the screen and give him a big hug.<br />I  also highly recommend it's score, it's beautiful as well.<br />Definitely a  film worth of every Oscar it got!
630516603X|5.0|I admit, I've always been ignorant about Irish culture. Untill I obtained &quot;Riverdance&quot; the only thing Irish about me was my two cd's by The Chieftains. I thought that video was the epitome of Irish dance. Then I  wittnessed the final closing moments of &quot;Lord of The Dance&quot; and  knew I had to have it. Next came &quot;Feet of Flames&quot; which I have to  admit, I enjoyed slightly more than LotD, because of the slower camera  shots.  Michael Flatley, in my opinion, is a fantastic dancer, who may have  an inflated ego, but with his phenomenal rise to stardom, he deserves it.  Give the guy a break. I think he's a pretty cool dude.  The dance troupe is  extremely capable, and the young ladies are genuine eye candy.  A special  salute to ms Anne Buckley whose charm and grace and melodious voice are a  treasure to all those who  would see her and hear her sing. I hope the  rumor is true that she will be making an album on her own. Best of  luck to  her. Finally, I feel that FoF and RD should not be compared with each  other, as some are wont to do. They are two different shows, and both  should be enjoyed on their own merit. Believe it, Feet of Flames is a show  to see. Live if possible,(when is it coming to Oklahoma)or at least by  video.  I'm still quite ignorant of Irish culture, but I'm learning, and at  60 years old, I know what I like. I believe if you view this video, you'll  like it too. If not, relief is only a trashcan away.
0792844882|5.0|This film allows you to enter a parallel universe where Las Vegas is sexually charged and menacing. A land through the &quot;Phantom Toll Booth&quot;. There is no need to try to follow the plot as it is wafer thin  and obvious.<br />No, you can spend your time indulging in the campy dialogue,  the energy charged erotic dancing, Dave Stewart's perfectly suited music,  and the fit bodies on the screen.<br />10 out of 10 for entertainment value.  But Paul Verhoeven was right to end his relationship with Joe Eszterhas  after this. Minus 5 for overt and shallow misogyny.
B000002518|4.0|This album has been kicked around by a lot a &quot;Bob&quot; purists which is a crime.PAT GARRETT &amp; BILLY THE KID is the perfect partner for the movie.KNOCKIN' ON HEAVEN'S DOOR portrays a gutshot lawman whose life is  slowly slipping away.BILLY shows the clash between the old west and the  new;the free to roam cowboy versus the greedy landowners.Just close your  eyes and the music takes you to Fort Sumner and the Texan/Mexican border  area.While there is only a little of Dylan's lyrical genius on show, there  is plenty of musical talent to entertain us.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This  is a great cd the band rocks if any does not think so they can just be that way! I bought the cd because I heard &quot;HIgher&quot; one day. But  I found out that the cd kicks and I haerd that they had an older cd  and I had to go the cd &quot;My Own Prison&quot; wich rocks! ^-^
B000002UB3|5.0|It will always be an interesting argument between Beatle fans regarding what was the best Beatles ablum--Revolver, Sgt. Pepper, The White Album, or Abbey Road. <br />With it's breadth and major contributions by all member of  the band, I believe this was clearly their biggest masterpiece. Lennon and  McCartney made their usual contributions. However, Harrison and Star  contributed their finest work with songs like Something &amp; Here Comes  the Sun by Harrison and Octopus's Garden by Starr.<br />A must have for any  music collection!
0440234743|4.0|&quot;The Testament&quot; is indeed a very compelling novel! The plot is truly gripping and Grisham's vivid descriptions allow the reader to clearly imagine the scenes and the various characters. For me, the way in which the  book switched between scenes in corportate, civilised Washington DC and the  wilderness of the rainforest - the two being related by someone of  interesting character - provided excellent reading. The novel successfully  looks at issues concerning readers: religion, wealth, honesty, corruption  et cetra. I thoroughly recommend you read this book! A perfect embodiment  of a legal thriller and action adventure! Go read it!
052594527X|5.0|The people who are giving this book negative reviews are missing the point.  What is all this about &quot;no meat&quot; to it?  When I read this book, I thought, there can't be any negative reviews of it at amazon. I am  so surprised! The beauty of the book IS its sparseness. It itself is like a  Vermeer painting : you look and it is there, but then the object is  something else.  Perhaps as an art historian, I have added insight. But as  a woman, as a human, I can identify with the character and her simplicity  and her observations of the world. Give this book another chance.  And look  at a Vermeer painting or two as you do! It is obvious the author has, and  it is a better book for it.
630179849X|1.0|The opening sequence in RIO LOBO -- the hi-jacking of a Union train during the Civil War -- is a very well done set-piece. However, from there on, this film becomes an embarrassment. It is truly awful! Poorly written,  acted, directed. George Plimpton, who had a bit role in it, had the best  comment: I didn't have the faintest idea what it was about. That's because  it wasn't about anything, George.
B000002MU3|4.0|Being the type of REM fan who holds the band's music closer to her heart than she holds her teddy bear, I had a hard time adapting to the obvious change in style that REM made between their releases of Automatic for the  People and Monster.  At first I was scared that they had lost what had made  me love them -- their complexity, integrity, and passion -- and I rejected  most of what Monster had to offer.  But after pushing past that stage and  allowing Monster to argue its case, I realized that the only thing that  made Monster seem like a change was that REM had replaced their mandolins  with guitars.  Lyrically, compositionally, emotionally, this album is the  REM that I love.  Monster is bold, dizzy, energetic, flaunting, silly,  crazed, lusting, sincere, and true proof that REM is still one of the most  wonderfully complex and talented bands in existence.
630575067X|2.0|I looooooooooooooooowed the first ones and first i lowed this one but only becous i wantwed to lowe it. Wach the phantom manace and than one of the first one. Goerge Lucas was just thinking about the effects not directing  or the script.
6304913176|5.0|Starship Troopers is a war film which delivers a realistic depiction of warfare - more sufficiently than many films in the genre that contain more conventional elements - while non-ostentatiously encouraging enlightened  social values, as well as rational morality.  While the myopic average  viewer may fail to see any qualities in Starship Troopers beyond those  typical of the action/science-fiction genre, the film in fact, is an  excellent war film.  Starship Troopers is likely to attract disdain from  both conservatives (for its social attitude) and liberals (for its  political attitude).  Perhaps both sides can learn something from this film  if they approach it with an open mind.
B00002E233|5.0|I saw a teaser trailer of this film and it looked like a rip off of Jaws. I usually find it worth my money watching a big budget hollywood movie at the cinemas, so me and my mates got together to give this a go. The movie  starts off with some teens partying who little to their knowledge are about  to be attacked by a shark, I thought oh no could be a remake of jaws but  then the film takes a turn and all thecharcters are introed and the film  comes into its own. Scientists at a remote reserarch lab facility are  performing tests on sharks as a result of the tests the sharks become  bigger and smarter and one by one hunt down the scientists causing a lot of  chaos and having a feast of a meal. The DVD with its extras is a treat and  definitely one for your collection. See it. Buy it
B00000099Y|4.0|Aenima is quite simply one of the only records I own that challenges me on an intellectual level every time I listen to it.  Maynard's lyrics are intricate, often terrifying explorations into forbidden subject matter.  The music is equally haunting, often spiralling into crescendos that cause  one's pulse to quicken and tears to spring to one's eye.<br />Tool is metal  with a small M, not the Death/Grind/Aggro kind.  It's okay for Tool to have  it's own category; they've earned it by breaking the genre.  You're not  cool because you listen to Tool, you simply have an appreciation for cool  and ground-breaking music.  Every song on the album packs an emotional and  musical punch, especially &quot;Forty-Six and 2&quot;, &quot;Hooker with a  Penis&quot; and &quot;Eleven&quot;.<br />&quot;Aenima&quot; is a song that  pays homage to Bill Hicks' excellent comedy record &quot;Arizona Bay&quot;,  which is what will be left when LA falls into the ocean.  Maynard's lyrics  nail every single thing that is wrong with Los Angeles, while the music  rages and writhes to complement the sentiments.<br />The songs that are  actually songs are excellent.  By all rights, this album should deserve 5  stars.  HOWEVER: I was at first startled by and later put off by all the  short songs packed in between the ones of substance.  Every single one is  deadwood and could have been chopped to reveal the true core of Aenima: the  insightful and powerful music that is classic Tool.  Many bands have done  this (or the &quot;Hidden Track&quot; thing), with varying degrees of  success.  Most are pointless, and muddle what may be an excellent  album.<br />Tool is, in my mind, one of the most brilliant bands of the past  decade. While their style may not tickle everyone, I think the overwhelming  majority of positive reviews on this page shows that Tool are truly a  heavyweight in the music world and a true force to be reckoned  with.
B00000J7J4|3.0|Carlos Santana has been around as long as I can remember and I'd never cared for his music. Then he wins every award for SUPERNATURAL? I think it should be viewed as a possible &quot;give it to the older guy&quot; award.  And the Rob Thomas song did not get my attention as others when the  Grammy's were handed out. Santana is back. How long will it last? So many  artists. Most of them better than this joint effort including Rob Thomas.
B000000993|5.0|&quot;Undertow&quot; is an incredible album by an extremely talented band.  Maynard Keenan is never afraid to push a screwdriver into the most sensitive places in the human psyche, and this album does precisely  that.<br />Tool's blend of amazing lyrics, musical talent and Maynard's vocals  creates a sound that is somber and wicked, disturbing and powerful.  The  first single, &quot;Sober&quot;, hooked a lot of people who were turned off  by or intimidated by the rest of the album.  The rest of us were drawn like  moths to a flame, because every song on this record is compelling and  thought-provoking.  &quot;Prison Sex&quot; is as disturbing as the title  suggests, calling up very dark images that made for a chilling video (even  though they didn't deal directly with the title act).  &quot;Sober,&quot;  actually, was not my favorite song on the album.  It's a great song, but  lacks the buildup and emotional crescendo of &quot;Flood&quot;, nor is it  equal to the dark brooding on &quot;Bottom&quot; (guest vocal by Henry  Rollins).<br />&quot;Intolerance&quot; is an excellent opening shot, with  Maynard spitting angrily at lying, greed and hipocrisy, while  &quot;Undertow&quot; resonates with vocal beauty and lyrical artistry.  &quot;Disgustipated&quot; is an amazing allegory on human suffering and the  horrors man visits upon his brethren.  This song inspired me to do an art  project with my girlfriend.<br />I don't get all the comparisons to Korn.  I  like Korn a lot, but I think they bring a more visceral punch, while Tool  will lull you to sleep at the same time they give you nightmares.  Undertow  is full of originality and depth... do not pass it by.
0684847248|5.0|On many occasions during the 1980's, I tried to read this book and for some reason I could not really get into it. It just didn't grab me. Then one day I was visiting an Audio book rental store and the owner told me that &quot;The Road Less Traveled&quot; was the most rented audio book in  the entire store. So I rented it and this time it really got to me. Sure,  Peck is a psychotherapist and he presents his views using his experiences  in his career to reinforce his views. However, you will finish this  material learning more about yourself and others than you know right now.  One of the revelations I still remember from this book is that our views of  God are based on our views of our parents. I highly recommend the  unabridged audiobook. Listen and learn.
B000002UV9|5.0|THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST CD THAT QUEENSRYCHE HAS EVER MADE.THIS IS ALSO ONE OF THE BEST CD`S EVER MADE IN THE 90`S.THERE IS NOT A BAD SONG ON THIS CD AND THE WORDS ARE THE BEST PART.THIS IS NOT YOUR USUAL SHALLOW HEAVY METAL  BAND.MATTER OF FACT I WOULD CALL THEM A PROGRESSIVE METAL BAND.BUY THIS CD  IF YOU WANT A GREAT CD.
0833552929|4.0|This book is terrific. It touched my heart in a great way. The book has a great story line about a group of four friends. How their lives were, their struggles in life, and how they try to make their daughters keep the Chinese traditions in their lives. Each woman led a pretty difficult life.  But yet they still came out of it, stronger than before.
6303122647|5.0|I first saw this when it hit theaters, and instantly fell in love with this movie.  What an original idea!   Tim Burton his a genius.  His movies are fresh and new, and he always adds something clever to them all.  Sleepy  Hollow was phenomenal!   I am 22 now, and still watch this movie with my  daughter.  Though, she is only 3 months old, and doesn't know what is going  on.  I still enjoy it ever time I watch it!    I really wish there had  been some kind of sequel to this masterpeice.  Truly a classic.  Right up  there with Bambi, Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, and all the other Disney  movies that are considered Classic...<br />Check this movie out!
1891252089|5.0|A thoroughly engaging, well thought out book. Easy to use, read, and understand. David's enthusiasm for this subject is contageous! If you want one book to help you with the Primary and Second series of Ashtanga Yoga in the tradition of Sri Patabhi Jois, this is it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Being a sci-fi lover, and living in Sydney, this was one movie that I had to watch. Thankfully it did not dissapoint. The special effects were one in a million (ooooh bullet time, one of the best concieved peices of special  effects since Star Wars), as was the acting. Keaunu Reeves was his usual  charismatic self (whoah), Laurence Fishburne was brilliant as the  mysterious Moebious and local actor Hugo Weaving was brilliant as the evil  construct of the Matrix.  Seeing Sydney in an International film like this  was particularly entertaining, always trying to spot landmarks that we knew  and loved was an extra bonus. All in all this movie was an entertaining  sci-fi movie, written well and produced on the widescreen (as well as DVD)  brilliantly. Recommended for any sci-fi or action lover.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I think this is the best CD ever!  I know they can do alot better when they come out with a new CD because they know EXACTLY what the fans of rock and roll and metal want!  And I think that since they have been out that  things will turn out a lot better for them they are the most talented 9  people I have ever heard!
630575067X|3.0|I guess it was inevitable... after all the hype, the movie had to be a letdown, but this much of a letdown?  What &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; adds up to is a banal script, some really dreadful dialogue, some idiotic  characters (somebody lock up Jar-Jar and throw away the key), and some  dazzling, stupendous special effects.  The second installment should be a  lot more promising when we find out when and how young Anakin Skywalker  took the initial wrong turn that ultimately transformed him into Darth  Vader; that movie may have some real juice to it.  For now, Lucas and Co.  need to realize that it takes considerably more than awesome special  effects to make a good movie.
B0000028RR|5.0|Imagine waking up in the morning, feeling a bit tired and sleepy, washing, dressing up, getting into your car, then you look at the CD's u've got, and put this one on, AND THEN YOU REALLY WAKE UP!  It is a great, energizing  record, beautiful and intelligent lyrics (for a change) and a perfect mix  between heavy metal, punk and rap! The guitar solos are just great, very  innovative, but the album is something completely different from any heavy  metal or hard rock CD. I don't listen anymore to HM, or Hard Rock, but I  could listen to this forever! The mix between rap and hard rock is totally  new, imagine a harder and tougher version of Red Hot Chili Peppers, with  very provocative lyrics, a real must! You'll get to the office and kill  your boss!
6301942647|5.0|One of the most beautiful pieces of film I have ever seen.  The images and colors linger in the mind long after the movie is over.
6305342776|2.0|Okay, it isn't, but Bob's voice sounds just like the guy who rides the bomb. And that's one of the few redeeming features of this movie. It has so many problems: the irritating, platitude-spouting robot Vincent; the  distracting musical cues; the muddled theology and incomprehensible ending,  where we see ... &lt;spoiler warning&gt; ... hell? and heaven? (Maybe the  movie is a remake of Dante's Inferno--would that make Vincent Vergil?). Not  to mention the wooden acting all 'round, the inappropriate  &quot;slapstick&quot; moments involving the robots, and the collapse of the  plot halfway through the movie, resulting in character behavior which makes  no sense. The picture quality was decent, though, except during some f/x  sequences where the picture seemed choppy or in jerky slow motion.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I just got &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; and its one of the best RnB albums of the year...its sounds a little like TLC's &quot;FANMAIL&quot; but about 8 times better!  &quot;Cant Take Me Home&quot; Has lots of jeep  pounding beats and cool vocals...If u like urban RnB with tight beats...GET  P!NK-CANT TAKE ME HOME!
6303407161|5.0|wow, that amazing. the story of a corrupted entertainment world and the gullible public victims. Not a lot of movies come close to this level of drama and human nature. The story of men's rise to the top and falling back  down, but being caught in the net and then letting go of the net and  falling the rest of the way so he can get back up again. A very modern but  timeless story that's ripples can still be seen in the hearts of the now  untrusting public.
0800187873|3.0|Frankly, I only saw most of this. It was broadcast on CBS on March 12th....maybe they'll do it again sometime?  (shameless plea to any execs reading this! ) It was interesting. Too violent for me, but as its' a mob  film, that is to be expected. Al Pacino does a good job as a downtrodden  mob lackey who befriends a undercover FBI agent (Depp) who, in turn, gets  further and further into the mob society while neglecting his family....a  good job, though, in showing us his feelings and not condemning him for  doing so. There are several subtle metaphors, the most hilarious (to me)  being the one of the gift of the lion. The lion....in the backseat of a new  car. Now is that absolute power or what?  Good film, all around--just not  my piece of cake.
0800105141|5.0|This is a telling of the late passive-resistance Indian man known as Gandhi. The movie tells a good story of his life, in the time allotted. I was disapointed how the ending was given right away, leaving no surprise to  those who know not about his life, however it would have had to go on  further had the ending stopped at his death without telling you first about  it. A fine movie. Watch it, it will make you question your ways just as  Gandhi made the British question theirs many years ago.
B00003CX59|4.0|I went to see this film with hardly any information (only that Johnny Depp is in it) and a lot of mis-expectations, besides the fact that I didn't really think it would be very good. Well, it surprised me. It WAS good.  Depp gives us a very human hero, full of his ideas and certanties at first,  then slowly beginning to doubt what he himself sees....He cannot grasp that  the Horseman is not tangible, simply dead, and this throws off all the  scientific approaches that he has. burton imbues this film with a very dry  wit, making it hilarious in parts, and the humor coupled with the  nervousness it gives you makes for quite a laugh. One of the funniest bits  is when the severed head of a man comes rolloing along the ground only to  end up secured rather firmly inbetween Ichabod's legs, only to be stabbed  and removed by the Horseman. This may disgust some, may shock others, but  the possible symbolisim of it is thousandfold. The whole film was pretty  good--the only real letdowns for me were both that Ricci was horribly  wooden, and the cheap--looking F/X of the witch. That could've been done  much, much better. Anyhow--good job, all round.
6305784116|5.0|This move was Awesome.  The special effects were excellent.
6304411448|5.0|So many people seem to think that if someone sees the world differently, or skewed off from the accepted (i.e; &quot;normal&quot;) idea of how it should be viewed , that that is a bad thing. This is not true. This story  is one of the best to illustrate that. Joon is a mentally  &quot;imbalanced&quot; woman who is taken care of by her brother, Benny.  One day a new person comes into their lives, an odd young man named Sam  (Johnny Depp; in one of his few comedy roles) who, by falling in love  mutually with Joon, poses both a threat and a challenge to Benny, who up  til then has had total control of his sister. He does not realize that Sam  is anything more than a housekeeper until the unthinkable (to him) happens  and he finds that Sam and Joon have, in falling in love, also had sex. He  begins to lose control. I could tell more, but then there would be no  incentive for you to see it. But I will say this: You won't be dissapoited  if you see this movie, and if you watch it with an open frame of mind.  Enjoy.
B000002MP2|5.0|First of all, this a great cd and definitely deserves fivestars.  None of the songs sound the same, and I sound like an idiotwhen I say this but each song has a different melody to it unlike their later albums in which I can admit that some of their songs sound similar.  I like almost everytrack except for 2.  The songs that are good are the ones which didn't get radio play.  Sassafras roots and coming clean are my favorite songs on the cd and they were never on the radio.  Green Day is true punk, and so is NOFX and Voodoo Glow skulls.
630575067X|2.0|I looooooooooooooooowed the first ones and first i lowed this one but only becous i wantwed to lowe it. Wach the phantom manace and than one of the first one. Goerge Lucas was just thinking about the effects not directing  or the script.
B000005JA8|5.0|Captain Beefheart's Trout Mask Replica eschews the commonplace definitions of \\"music\\" and \\"lyrics\\", and takes you on a disjointed journey that shocks.  It is a provoking work that compels you to comment - and leaves almost no  ground for indecision.<br />Beefheart - a huge personality, with the vocal  stylings of Howlin' Wolf is joined by musicians with names as leftfield as  their collaborative work: The Mascara Snake on Clarinet and Zoot Horn Rollo  on Guitar and Flute.<br />Over 28 tracks of varying styles, the listener is in  turns regailed and assaulted by a torrent of plucked and blown musical  sound, wailing, grunting and hollering.  The listener will recognize the  musical patterns of the Blues in some tracks here, of horn jazz in others -  buried deep inside a cacophony that confuses, repulses and enchants. An  integral part of the resulting image is Beefheart's poetry / lyrics / scat,  which sprawl across the album - a perfect foil for the shocking  instrumental.<br />To sum up the results of these people committing waveforms  to tape is a fruitless exercise. For once, the music defies true  definition.  <br />Much waffle and bollocks has been written about this album  [about it's meaning or it's author's intention] what remains [after  repeated, especially headphone based listenings] is an extraordinary and  undeniably unique work, which remains as potent today as 30 years ago.
630575067X|3.0|READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS READ THIS I lowe the starwars BUUUUUUt this one is not like the others. When i first saw it i lowed it but first jar jar binks was he  as funny as 3 po. And  anikan was a terrible actor, but thats Lucasses  folt. If you watch the first moweis you will see that therre is somthing  missing. i am going to ask you woul it not be cooler if anikan would  not  talk much and be mysteryus .And when he  weant to the pood race and the air  battle he would be wery not sceard and always be comed down he should and  he would hit in ewery shot he fierd and eweryone should be wery surprised  when they would see him becous hes not just a kid hes Darth veader as a  kid. just reamember how darth veader was in the fighter battle in Star Wars  1 or actually 4. But i know i know than he was a jedi master much okder and  all but still it would heaw been cool ihf anykan would heaw been like that.  But the mowy was better than many other mowys. but i would heaw given  the  first star wars movies 5 or at least 4 and a healv star but this one only 2   or 3. I just think lucas was board of recording and directing the mowy and  only wanted to start making the visual effects. If you think the mowy is  great than watch it again then watch one of the first star wars you will  see the diffrents. This mowy is more for babys. I hated Anikan in the mowy.  And i hope lucas realeyses his mistakes and does better in the next film  one other thing Liam neeson and Ewan where so you know dead so not like  jedis at least Ewan i mean he was nothing like obi one was in the first  films No remember him he was perfect. Quagon was nothing like obi one in  the first films And Ewan was nothing like mark hamill but i heAW SEAD TO  MUCH.<br />p.s Dont speach enghliss wery well.
B000002BFZ|5.0|&quot;Don't it make you smile when the sun don't shine?  I miss you already!&quot;  I haven't heard better lyrics in a long time, or sung so well.  From &quot;Smile,&quot; as Neil-Young-inspired as &quot;Off He  Goes,&quot; to Red Mosquito, this experiment works magic.  Equally powerful  vocals, guitar, and drums all the way through.  The last 30 secs. of  &quot;In My Tree&quot; are transcendant.  My 2-year-old son calls &quot;Who  We Are&quot; &quot;Funny Drums.&quot;  It's an album I truly missed while  musicless recently (for reasons I won't get in to...).
B00001OH1S|3.0|The CD offers Sting's Windmills of Your Mind and Simone's Sinnerman, which are absolutely incredible tracks, and (what seems like only a few of) the piano pieces that I fell in love with while watching the movie are there,  but less than 40 minutes later it's over. What gives? Sinnerman is over 10  minutes long, taking up over 1/4 of the album, but the piano pieces are  only 1.5 to 2 minutes a piece. I guess I had my hopes up too high.  Regardless, the music that is on the disc is spectacular. If you enjoyed  the movie, the best stuff is here, but don't be surprised when it's over.
B000002KIE|5.0|I've never seen so much blatantly false information about a subject in one place before.  Some of these people need to find out what the hell they are talking about before they submit reviews.  I'm guessing that many of these 1-star ratings are coming from children weened on the Green Day poseurs.   <br />Just to set the record straight, aside from some dross that was released  after their demise, Bollocks is the ONLY Pistols album.  To say that it is  their best album or their worst album is simply a display of ignorance.   Cripes, I'm seeing people write reviews of this landmark record who don't  even get the names of the band members correct.  Leave the critiques to  folks who have more than a passing knowledge of the band and the album and  the genre, for that matter.<br />As for all these comparisons, The Clash were  very nice indeed, but they never packed the snarling power of 'Anarchy in  the UK', nor did they ever produce a signature song like 'God Save the  Queen', one of the great hard-rock anthems to ever come down the pike,  blowing the doors off of anything by these neo-punk revivalists.  And for  all this talk of filler, I'll take one 'New York' for 5 songs on London  Calling.<br />If it wasn't for albums like Bullocks breaking the prog-rock and  corporate-rock mallaise of the late '70s, we'd all STILL be listening to  turgid immitators of Floyd and Zeppelin.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Words cannot describe this film.  It is art.  It is a very realview into the all too real and extreme banal realities of life.  Weforget of these sometimes, but only because of the beauty we see. American Beauty portrays this on screen perfectly.  The director, Sam Mendes, does an excellent job of as well.  There could not have been a more real cast for the film also.  Kevin Spacey was at his best.  He certainly deserved his Academy Award.  Anette Benning portrays Carolyn to a tee.  Wes Bently was believable.  He made us see beauty in our own lives, no matter how cynical they may seem.  Other cast members deserve congrats also.  Mena Suvari, Thora Birch, Peter Gallagher, Chris Cooper.  And how could it all have been done without the touch of Alan Ball's genius.  The composed music was in sync with the film perfectly, thanks to Thomas Newman.  Extrodinary, and incredible.  END
B000002U82|5.0|So much has already been said and written about Dark Side of the Moon, what is left?  The only 2 cents that I would add, is that Brain Damage/Eclipse is one of the finest moments in the history of pop music.   One of the very few pieces that proves pop can have all of the sweeping,  spine-tingling drama of great classical music.
B00000J615|5.0|I have been a fan of diana krall ever since I picked up her cd Love Scenes  3 years ago. What a voice, what a face, what a talent!! It's no wonder her  concerts are sellouts, and she is touring with the great Tony Bennett this  summer, as well as making an album with the legendary Rosemary Clooney.     I have all her cds and have seen her in concert 4 times, let me say that  this newest cd is her best. Johnny Mandel has given her some lush  orchestrations to work with,and coupled with her smoky voice and real  emotion she puts into each song, I don't see how anyone can not love this  cd. If you are a jazz fan, and have not heard this wonderful talent, you  owe it to yourself to order this cd today. Diana has chosen great jazz  standards on each of her cds, which makes them so timeless, she knows how  to pick a song, and make it swing!!
6305297525|4.0|It was a very good movie. Very moving. Need I say more?
0440219078|3.0|&quot;The Giver&quot; deals with information about the twelve year old boy Jonas who lives in a future society. In my opinion the book wasnt as exciting as other books i read. Although the story was very fascinating and interesting in the second part, the first part of the book is written very  boring.   Nothing interesting happens there. When the ceremony is over and  Jonas starts his training and receives the memories, &quot;The Giver&quot;  becomes more and more fascinating. So coming to a conclusion I would say  that its a average written book with a well thought story
B00000J6AG|5.0|I don't know what Moby has done--perhaps &quot;Play&quot; has subliminal messages that are telling me to do it--but I can not stop listening to this CD.  I bought it about two weeks ago, and although other CD's have come and  gone as the weeks have passed, &quot;Play&quot; has remained stationary the  whole time.  However, it has not remained dormant.  This CD is just a  simple joy to listen to--I don't ever skip a track (well, I occasionally  bypass If Things Were Perfect and The Sky Is Broken, but 16 out of 18 hits  ain't bad!).  Now, I know other reviewers have been spouting about Moby's  heart-felt compositions and clear spiritual writing, and I agree with them  to a degree.  His music is spiritual, and &quot;My Weakness&quot; rips my  heart out every time I listen to the CD (it also helps that a certain  &quot;X-Files&quot; episode adds to the emotional impact).  The only thing  that I know for certain about Moby's music is that I can't get it out of my  head.  I find myself singing it to myself at work, in class, or even while  playing Ultimate Frisbee.  It's infectious!   And it's wonderful--simply  put.  Add to the fact that this is coming from a person who has roughly  less than 30 &quot;mainstream&quot; CD's (I'm kind of a movie soundtrack  buff and I don't usually buy a CD unless I know it's worth the money--and  this one definitely is).  I feel that this is one of the best CD's that I  own--even better than most of the soundtracks I own!   I listen to it while  studying, reading, relaxing; I have it on while partying; I play it while  just hangin out in my room; I have it on all the time!   Now, I'm not sure  if this is persuasive enough to make you buy this CD (I'm only a new member  to jump on the Moby-bandwagon and I'm not one to usually listen to these  reviews--no offense), but you SHOULD listen to these reviews--at least the  good ones--because this CD is worth every penny.  If I knew what I know now  about the CD when I bought it, I'd be willing to pay at least twice, even  three times what it's selling for!  It's that good--trust me.  But I'm  babbling.  Just do yourself a favor and buy this CD.  You won't regret it,  honestly.
B00000J7J4|2.0|Only Smooth is worth. I bought it only for it.  Both those stars I have given it are for smooth alone.
0783231032|5.0|This film is the funniest movier ever made in my oppinion. I am always in the mood for a real treat and when I heard that Spielberg made a WWII comedy 2years ago I watched it and laughed my head off again, and again,  and again. However you must be pretty insane to appreciate this film like I  and others do, but I think that the only reason why it did bad in 1979 was  b/c it was ahead of its time. Just think. 1. General Stillwell who is more  concerned with seeing &quot;DUMBO&quot; than helping out. 2. Stillwells 2nd  in command who is infatuated with a girl who is sexually intimidated by  planes. 3. 2 guys and a dummy on a ferris wheel which eventually rolls off  a dock. 4. Slim Pickens forced to go to the bathroom to retrieve a compass  he swallowed.<br />THIS IS ONE FUNNY MOVIE. BUY THIS DVD TODAY!
B00000K19E|5.0|The smartest story you have ever seen. Great movie. Not likeanything you have seen before.  END
B000002KK2|5.0|I first saw RLJ on Saturday Night Live around 1977 or 78. She just blew me away doing the song from this album &quot;Coolsville&quot; on TV. I saw her on stage at the Orpheum in Memphis right after this album was released, and  it is still the most memorable concert I have seen. The stage was set like  the top of a building downtown in a large city, her entering from a  make-believe stairwell. The beauty and mystery of that venue was perfect  for her, particularly from my first row seat in the balcony. Personally, I  do not think her later albums equal this one. But she was (maybe still is)  the sexiest woman around. Oh! great songs and terrific vocals on this  album.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Ms. Lopez's debut album was a wonderful attempt by a very hard working young lady from the Bronx.  Though she may not have the vocal range of an opera singer, her voice is smooth and laid back.  I agree with the earlier  reviewer who said that her voice sounds like Vanessa Williams'.  My  favorite track on the album was the one that got me to buy it in the first  place: &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;.  Ms. Lopez, you do have my love.   Out of 5 stars, I'd give this album a 6.  Peace.
0783113943|5.0|This movie is absolutely outstanding!  It is raw and uninhibited.  The acting in this movie is perfect.  At the end of the movie you feel exhausted and almost like you were in it.  Yet you want more of it.  I have  been a longtime fan of Angelina Jolie's, and her work in this movie is even  better than her performance in Girl Interrupted.  She is a remarkable and  extremely powerful actress. Beautiful and talented, a rarity. If she keeps  picking roles like this one she is going to have a lot of awards on her  shelves.
6302136105|5.0|I'm about 12 years old, i love &quot;The Doors&quot; as well as Jim's poetry. But one thing struck me while i was watching the movie. What's this thing with the indians and stuff. I know Manzarek swore he saw Jim dancing with Indians in a concert in Miami. And the think that there was actually  an Indian soul living inside Jim's body.GET SERIOUS!  I know Jim was  great, he was a great songwriter and also a great poet. But i don't believe  in this &quot;Indian soul&quot; thing and also in the belief that he's  going to be reincarnated as a mojo rising (Whatever that is?) I really love  the movie and i think it shows you the complete story of one of the  greatest stars who ever lived but that Indian thing was ridiculous!
B000002MFN|5.0|This has to be the 2nd best Madonna album, the first being Ray of Light.  I can't believe that so many people thought that this was just a terrible album.  I think that this is a great album.  My favorites are Erotica, Bye  Bye Baby, Waiting, and Thief of Hearts.  None of the songs are bad at all.   Some may go a little far out than should be, but it's that big of a problem  to you, buy the edited album.  I would recommend this album for anyone  would just like's enjoyable music.  This album is fun to relax to because  it's so soft.  Buy this album!
6305750750|5.0|I thought this was a great movie. Granted it was not the best Star Wars movie, but hey, its been over 10 years, and I was hiungry for more.  This is a great movie for family movie.  Lucas did great keeping it at a PG  rating.  When I compare Star Wars with the Empire Strikes Back, and Return  of the Jedi, I feel the first movie wasn't as good.  The Phantom Menace is  the first in this series and Lucas has set the level to only make this  series better. Only wish it was on DVD.  The widescreen edition seems  to  be missing the top part of the movie.  It keepss looking like the tops of  the actors heads are getting chopped off.
0141301155|4.0|Five things that I liked about this book are: 1. easy to read 2. the author 3. you had to use your imagination 4. the characters were wierd 5. funny Five things that I didn't like about the book are: 1. complicated words 2. wierd chapters 3. wierd things happen 4. diffrent from the movie  5. the elevator I think that kids of the age of 11-14 would like the book.
B00003W8NM|5.0|maybe it was because i identified with the narrator SO muchthat Fight Club actually changed how i look at life. It isincredible. The underlying meanings and criticisms of society are their, but the entertainment value is matched by non other. I believe the ending was a piece of pure genious.
B000000WFU|5.0|I first heard the song \\"Adiemus\\" on Pure Moods and I really loved that song.  There was no  disappointment!  ALL of the songs on this album were excellent.  Each song  had a touch of world music and classical music and the combination was  wonderful.  Miriam Stokely had a very beautiful voice and all of the  musical instruments made a very great sound. \\"Cantus Insolitus\\",  \\"Amate Adea\\" and \\"Hymn\\" were hauntingly beautiful.   African vocals brought a lot of spirit and the classical harmonies made a  serene mood.  \\"In Caelum Fero\\" is the best song on the album.  It  had a lot of spirit and magnificance and the vocals were purely amazing.   These songs take you far away and really are songs of sanctuary!
0553214632|5.0|Believe it or not, this book was intended to be merely an introductory statement to a massive 20-volume treasise on evolution that Darwin had intended to write.  However, he died before his Magnum Opus was completed.   Although Darwin was not the first man to champion evolution, he was the  first to create a convincing argument for it.  This classic book thus  records the beginning of a huge paradigm shift in biology.  However, don't  expect a flawless, up-to-date discussion - much has changed about  evolutionary theory since Darwin's time.  To fill in the holes, you might  also want to read something more modern as a supplement. Richard Dawkin's  &quot;The Selfish Gene&quot; would be an excellent choice.  Outdated  concepts aside, &quot;On the Origin of Species&quot; puts forward an  ingeniously simple argument and backs it up with an enormous and varied set  of examples.  It is easy to see how this book was destined to shake the  foundations of science.
B000000I0I|5.0|&quot;Ommadawn&quot; is the best album of Mike. If you listen Part 2, near the end, your mind is totally upset. It's magic. There was Tubular Bells, Hergest Ridge, OMMADAWN and...AMAROK. Listen to it!
0140187537|3.0|I disagree with the opinion that this work should stand as Steinbeck's finest.  I do not call this work a poor one; in some ways, it begs to be argued, it does stand out as a master-work.  But it suffers fundamentally,  that is, instinctively. In effect, Ethan Hawley has too many instincts that  we find to be right (a heavy-handed, narrative utilitarianism not so  insistent in Steinbeck's best work), but that are actually wrong (and  morally wrong -- narrative epiphanies -- but, curiously, convictions of  Ethan's long before his present woes in the novel). But some will say it is  the point!  That Ethan, to satisfy his worldly instincts, ignored his moral  ones.  If it is then the ending is appropriate but nothing more, the novel  a long-going morality tale. I do not call it as simple as that. Yet, In the  meantime, is Steinbeck-on-canvas reaching frantically for his old colors,  finding them gone primary, and, as if by persistence alone, gamely  imitating the best, life-colored attributes of his own far-previous writing  -- his brilliant ability to create life-blood characters and a setting that  a meaningful narrative, like seconds, can move carelessly through.  I do  not fault him!  His book is thematically ambitious and thus rewarding --  untrustworthy dialogue and character devlopment/correspondence,  notwithstanding.  A person that I know and whose opinions are valid  disagreed with me outright, so it could be that I am projecting here.  But  I urge you to read anything Steinbeck has written  from say, mid thirties  to mid-forties (b.1902), and compare it, in texture and tone of voice, to  this, his late novel of the finance quandary.  I really think you will note  a difference.
B000002U82|1.0|Lyrically? Very unprofound. Musically? Simplistic, and not even catchy. This is the most overrated album of all time! I've tried. And I've tried! And I've tried!  Just like &quot;On The Road&quot; by Kerouac, it is one of  the most overrated, misnamed &quot;classics&quot; of our time. The lyrics  are trite, the hooks are cliche. This isn't even in Pink Floyd's top 5!  Those who like it have been sold a bill of goods.
0140277447|5.0|The Rape of Nanking is a great book indeed ! Iris Chang has revealed to us the very truths the japanese have tried to hide and that is their beastly war crimes committed during World War Two against the innocent Chinese. I  like this book because it is indeed very rare of its kind. There are just  too few books on Japanese War Crimes against China during WW2. Another  reason is that the book excellently reveals to us the horrifying truths of  diabolical japanese behaviour against the Chinese. It gives detailed yet  true accounts of the massive tortures, rapes and humiliation against the  Chinese by the japs. I also learnt a lot of how the japanese have tried to  evade the truth by their constant cowardly denials of the truth and the  methods they use (even up to today) to escape their deserved  punishment.Indeed Iris Chang deserves praise for painstakenly collecting  all historical records to write this book. 5 Great Stars to be given to  this book which is well written with well documented facts for it fills the  reader with horrified and sad emotions. This book also forces us especially  the japanese to turn ours and their minds back to WW2 and to reflect back  on the suffering of the innocent. Some japanese readers may disagree with  my comments and even condemn this great book but no matter how many lies  they tell, the truth remains: The japanese were the aggressors during  WW2,the Rape of Nanking did indeed take place,their 'imperial' army did  indeed torture and violate the people of China and the rest of Asia and  lastly, the Asians and not japanese were the real victims of WW2
B00003CWPQ|4.0|This was still an excellent film in many ways!  And certain parts of it were really surprisingly erotic!  I thought Tom &amp; Nicole were well-cast, and even though I left the theater somewhat mystified as to  what-the-heck-was-that-all-about, I still enjoyed it, and was (as always)  impressed with Kubrick's unique style!
0380002930|5.0|When I first got this book I almost didn't read it. But once I started I couldn't put it down. Its plot, and charactor advancement is excellent and it is extremly well written. I have read it 5 times and I am reading it again. You always cheer for Hazel and feel sorry for the others when bad  things happen. It is a story that will never die.
1573228214|5.0|I read &quot;High Fidelity&quot; on the way home from the Austin Record Show where purchase decisions are based on minutia like mono or stereo or that wee little scratch in the inner groove, much like the stuff that Rob  lives every day that his shop is open. After such a vinyl intensive  weekend, I found Hornby's record collector geek jokes are so right on. I  was even reading them out loud to my husband, who commandeered the book  only have his world rocked. Now we set up at record shows, and he horrifies  the other (perpetually single) record dealers with his line, &quot;It's  only records.&quot; Thank god the cost of his therapy was only the time it  took for him to read this book!
0375703764|1.0|I really wanted to like this novel but, ultimately, a novel should have something to say to the reader.  It should at least make a point.  Style and structure are interesting, but House of Leaves says nothing, and is  pointless.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Ugh! Whats not to like about this movie!  The directing is top notch, Brad Pitt gives one of his finest performances, Edward Norton rocks. The writing is superb, along with a great score. Plus this movie just gives you such an  adrenaline rush just from watching it. Me and my friends actually started  our own fight club after watching this movie(a few times). At critical  points, it grabs you by the shoulders and just shakes up everything you  thought you knew, and once you think you figure it out again, there it goes  and shakes some more. Its totaly twisted and rocks. I can't say enough good  things about this movie. It's no Psycho, North by Northwest, or Clockwork  Orange, but it is one movie you won't regret owning. SO BUY IT ALREADY!
B000009QPG|4.0|While I'm more into the death/industrial sound of Fear Factory and other bands that &quot;growl&quot; more, I can't deny that this CD is really great.  I can remember hearing &quot;War Ensemble&quot; when I was about 8  years old, and it hasn't left my mind since.  It is probably the best song  on the album.  The rest of the album is good, but &quot;War Ensemble&quot;  is what attracted me to these guys.  I read the review down below about how  the singer can't sing.  Listen stupid, it's metal!  You're supposed to  scream, not sing!   And when he does sing, it fits the song perfectly.  His  vocals sound just fine.  I recommend this for anyone who wants to start  getting into thrash metal.  I also recommend Sepultura's &quot;Arise&quot;  for all the thrash fans out there.  Overall, this is a good album.  Worth  it's money.
B000007OY0|5.0|I think it's safe to say that I'm not alone here when I say that writer-director Frank Darabont was completely and totally robbed at the Oscars, losing the Screenplay Oscar, as well as being completely neglected  for even a nomination for Best Director. What was the Academy thinking?  &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot; is one the best films ever made by the  hand of man in all history, and I just thank god that it finally found it's  audience. Better late than not at all. This is a film that should be viewed  by EVERYONE! Anyone who hasn't seen it needs to go out right now and  rent... no screw renting it. You're at Amazon! Place an order for it, you  silly, deprived person! You'll get it in a couple days or so, and when that  package comes in the mail, you rip it open and pop that puppy in the VCR  and prepare to be mesmerized by a true masterpiece.  &quot;The Shawshank  Redemption&quot; touched me right down to my soul. It will touch you too.  &quot;Hope is a good thing; maybe the best of things, and no good thing  ever dies.&quot; I'll be hoping that this review finds you and finds you  FAST!
0671042858|4.0|Just remember your childhood.  Remember all of the things you had to struggle with just to make it from day to day. Remember your fear, so strong you could taste it.  Now take those experiences and turn them into a  parable.  King has described all the things we face as kids in a lyrical  story. Tom Gordon is the refuge we all sought when we were picked on at  school, called on to read outloud, face our parents discord amd possible  divorce.  The courage and determination she shows in the face of such odds  is the stuff we dreamed we could have done as kids.
B00004KD1A|5.0|This album catches Rory at his heaviest, the solos in Moonchild show what an underrated genius this man was. A must for RG fans!  As we say on the football terraces in England &quot;You can stick Eric Clapton up your  arse!&quot;
0880381736|5.0|I have only read a handfull of D&amp;D style books so far includeing The Hobit. This is by far one of the best books I have read to date. The story is very in depth yet easy to read. Each page has it's  own little twist,  best of all very in depth and the battles never end. I suggest anyone into  these kinds of book purcahse this series.<br />PS:If this is for a younger  person like me(16)    this book is an excelent choice, and also a    great  choice for the older reader.    mail me at:newtek2@geocities.com
006016848X|3.0|I believe the reason this book became such a success is because it has a catchy title, not because of what it says. Afterall, hasnt this guy been married a few times? I like a book with less &quot;discussion&quot; and more action. The Romantic's Guide is a great book for living a good  relationship, not just pondering about it. Pure and Simple is another good  title along those lines.
B0000025C0|4.0|I first heard it while in grade school, and I liked it.  Today, well, I still like it.  Boston is just one of those bands that you never get tired of no matter what they churn out over the years.  It is not the greatest  album, but if you compare Boston's stuff to 90's music in general, this  album starts to sound really good!
1881273156|5.0|I read at least two self-help books each week and few have lived up to the usefulness of this title. It doesn't have the typical psycho-babble of most books by Drs. It was thought provoking and really helped me understand that there are different ways of expressing love. Another fantastic book on this  subject is The Romantic's Guide by Michael Webb. I've been giving these  books out as wedding presents.
0805047905|5.0|My 2 1/2 year old loves this book.  He has it memorized and takes it to bed with him where he reads it to himself.  Excellent on teaching colors.  Well worth every penny you pay.
B000001G5L|4.0|Hermosa versi&oacute;n de concierto para viol&iacute;n de Beethoven. Es una interpretaci&oacute;n sumamente &quot;sentida&quot;, Mutter toca con tanto sentimiento... y los berlineses matizan en forma espl&eacute;ndida toda la obra.  Para mi gusto personal mi versi&oacute;n favorita del concierto es Heifetz con  CharlesMunch, que es una interpretaci&oacute;n muy distinta, de todos modos &iquest;Por  qu&eacute; no poder gozar de ambas? Eso es lo hermoso de la m&uacute;sica, que cada  artista tiene una concepci&oacute;n diferente. Qu&eacute; aburrido seria que todos  sientan igual, &iquest;Verdad?<br />Gran compra.
0393312836|4.0|Anthony Burgess originally wrote this novel when he was told by a doctor that he had a year to live. After this was found to be false he re-edited his manuscript. Perhaps though, the urgency and pace of his writing  reflects his own brushes with mortality. The book is incredibly rich right  from the start. Burgess writes using a patois slang called 'nadsat' which  is the books voice of youth. The first person narrator Alex (Russian for  Outside-the-Law) is an uncontrollable delinquent, but don't write him off  yet as he has a refined taste in classical music, a large vocabulary, an  ironic sense of humour and dollops of charm. When he steps over the line  once too often the state reform him, but in doing so turn him into a  'clockwork orange' a fruit that has lost it's goodness and beauty because  it is simply a mechanical object. The heart of the book is the classic  moral dilemma- is it better for someone to choose to be bad or be forced to  be good. Burgess clearly chooses the former. The end chapter of the book,  which was omitted from Stanley Kubricks masterful film shows Alex reforming  himself, and from this perspective the book can be seen as a rites of  passage, we all learn by our badly intended mistakes after all. The book is  less than 250 pages but contains enough for a book twice that length.  Burgess has created a fascinating dystopia and a warmly moral tale, once  you get used to the graphic descriptions of ultraviolence. Although not on  a par with some of his other work, including the brilliant 'earthly powers'  this is still an essential novel.
0440219078|5.0|We really like this book because it treats new problems that we don't know: Sameness! Jonas, the main character lives in a community where all the things are the same. Because there are no colors, no music and no individuality. It's very admirable how Jonas tries to change the life in  the community, as he escapes   of the community.  In our opinion  this book  must get  an OSCAR!  Many thanks to the author that we can read  such a great fantastic and fascinating book !
0026009102|3.0|Her idealogy was only valid in a time of a real or imaginedcommunist/socialist/collectivist threat. She apparently wanted tochange the world -- and extremes (masked as objective &quot;realities&quot;) are so much better for herding than real political nuances.
0670824399|4.0|Awkward as it is being in the children's section, this book is worth it.  The story is entertaining.  I liked the characters a lot, and the pictures were humorous.  Ranks with BFG as Dahl's best.  It's kind of nuts.
B000002VBY|5.0|It Was A Biggest Hits Collection With 1) Headhunter, 2) Eat The Rich, 3) Screamin' In The Night, 4) Ready To Burn, 5) Night Wolf, 6) Stayed Awake All Night. It's All 6-Biggest Hits.
014028009X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  Sure, Bridget is neurotic, and some people will tag her as a bit flighty, but that's what makes her so amusing.  I can't tell you how many times I thought, &quot;I do that too!&quot; when  reading this book (i.e. when hungover Bridget lies in bed, refusing to move  her head, and suddenly the thought, &quot;Ooh, I could really fancy some  chips&quot; pops into her head).  It shows how many women want to be raging  feminists but deep down go to war with their inner selves who just want to  get married.
B000002VBY|5.0|It Was A Biggest Hits Collection With 1) Headhunter, 2) Eat The Rich, 3) Screamin' In The Night, 4) Ready To Burn, 5) Night Wolf, 6) Stayed Awake All Night. It's All 6-Biggest Hits.
083351895X|5.0|OK, everyone who ever read the book wants to have Einstein, and everyone is scared of the Outsider.  Aside from the banalities, this is a good book, I thought.  The characters were typical Koontz, a rebel loner guy with a  law enforcement or military background meets up with a strange female with  an odd background, and they fight the good fight and walk into the sunset.   At least this book gave me something to chew on.  I really thought Einstein  died at the end, and I wasn't sure about the guy living either for a while.   <br />Along with Strangers, Lightning and Phantoms, one of his very best, if  not the best.
0671646788|4.0|Mr. Schwartz has clearly written a well book here to prepare a person to look into the positive side of things and think BIG. As I have read by all the successful people over and over, it's the key to success. If we think  big and also have belief in ourselves, then we will succeed. <br />The book is  filled with examples (with co-workers and business partners). In fact I  found it to contain a bit too much of examples. I was looking more into  conceptual ideas. And there were a few of his ideas that I was strongly  against. But the other 95% of his ideas are excellent. We are human and can  not be expected to agree with anyone 100%.<br />Over all a very well and  encouraging book. Well done!<br />Thank You, Steve.
B000021XS0|5.0|In today's &quot;rock&quot; world, &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; is a giant breath of fresh air. I got this the day it came out and it has yet to leave my CD player. I didn't think DT were for real until I finally saw  them in concert a couple months ago. They are for real. <br />The gorgeous  ballads, gothic 1920's style gothic-type music, and jaw-dropping  instrumentals in &quot;Scenes&quot; are yet further examples of why DT are,  as a collective, some of the greatest &quot;rock&quot; musicians to be  performing and playing their respective instruments in the world today.  <br />&quot;Scenes&quot; contains the kind of dazzling music that would turn  the current culture of &quot;music&quot; on its head should it ever become  popular. <br />There would be no alternative, so to speak.<br />Thank God.<br />:)
0805062971|4.0|this is a unique book that keeps you intrested from page one.the characters arent as memorable as some characters that are remembered for ever but this book has what it takes to keep you intrested.
6305750750|3.0|Star Wars is facinating due to its ability to  adapt and modernize traditional mythic motifs so that they speak to us in the 20th - 21st centuries.  George Lucas has proved to be a master at this.  Darth Maul is  actually more impressive than Darth Vader.  To this he deserves much  credit.  However, after creating such a vivid environment and such  wonderful characters he dedicates a good portion of this movie to  deliberatley dumbed down characters like Jar-Jar Binks and the Trade  Federation cronies. It is like watching Roger Rabbit and Elmer Fudd  plodding along in a Warner Brothers cartoon.  This is really a temendous  movie leaves you feeling a little on the dark side.
0394810112|2.0|I hated this book because: of the elevater charlie grandpawilly wonka slugworth. i kind of liked the factory,chocolate,chocolate river, gum, augustus gloop
067144901X|5.0|We got this book for our 4 year old daughter when she was 2, and it became her all-time favorite book.  It helped her to increase her speech by saying fun things.  We then introduced it to our 2nd daughter when she was 20  months old, and she also adores this book and it is the one she always gets  every night and says &quot;book&quot; to have it read.  We only say the  first part of each page (i.e., &quot;The pigs say...&quot;) and she always  finishes the second part (i.e., &quot;LaLaLa&quot;).  This is an absolute  must have along with &quot;But Not The Hippopotamus&quot; by Boynton.   These are GREAT gifts for baby showers or 1st birthdays.If you are  considering ordering this - Go ahead and do it now!  You WON'T be sorry  that you did!
B000002H6C|5.0|This is by far the best Metallica album ever made.(maybe by the exception of S&amp;M). There are such awesome songs that shows the awesome talent of the musicians of the band. My favorite song is One, which is written about  an awesome book called &quot;johnny got his gun.&quot; Read it. To live is  to die is my other favorite song. These two are more guitar based than some  of the others. The intro guitar part is what first caught me.  However all  the songs are great to listen to. If you are thinking about buying a  metallica album, definitly get this classic. It rocks!
6303407188|5.0|WHEN I HAD HEARD OF THIS MOVIE I WAS VERY ENTHUSIASTIC ABOUT VIEWING IT. WHEN I WAS FINISHED WITH IT I JUST REWOUND IT WATCHED IT AGAIN. THIS MOVIE IS UNDOUBTEDLY ONE OF THE MOST BRILLIANT FILMS EVER PRODUCED. IT SHOWS THE  LIFE A LOSER FILM MAKER, WHO IS PLAYED BY JOHNNY DEPP, WHO WEARS ANGORA  SWEATERS. THIS MOVIE IS FULL OF EVERYTHING THAT MAKES A MOVIE GREAT. IF  ONLY IT WON AN OSCAR FOR ACTING MAKEUP AND BEST MOVIE. THE ACTING IN THIS  MOVIE WILL MAKE YOU WANT TO SEE IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN. LANDAU WHO PORTRAYS  LUGOSI IS POWERFUL. HE TAKES YOUR BREATH AWAY. YOU WILL NOT HATE THIS MOVIE  GUARANTEED. I COULD NOT FIND A FLAW WITH IT. THE FACT THAT IT IS BLACK AND  WHITE ADD THE 50'S LOW BUDGET FEEL. DON'T PASS THIS UP. VIEWERS WILL LIKE  THIS FILM BECAUSE OF IT'S ATMOSPHERE. IT HAS ALL THE PRODUCTS THAT A GOOD  MOVIE MUST HAVE TO BE LITERALLY PERFECT. VERY GOOD COMEDY, AMAZING DRAMA,  AND A STRANGE TRANSVESTITE. I HAVE NEVER SEEN A MOVIE THAT MATCHES UP TO  THIS. IT IS VERY ACCURATE. IF YOU FEEL COMPELLED TO LEARN MORE ABOUT ED  WOOD AFTER THE MOVIE, WHICH YOU MOST LIKELY WILL, I WOULD SUGGEST THE  LIBRARY AND SMALL VIDEO STORES.
0385484518|1.0|I guess this book's enormous popularity shows how eager &amp; desperate people are for a little life-advice regardless of its depth (or lack of). The problem: this book just doesn't cut it. I had high expectations, but  was left nonplussed. Touching in a few places, yes. But Morrie's  revolutionary advice amounts to mundane items like, &quot;take time to  smell the flowers,&quot; and &quot;tell your family that you love  them.&quot; Good advice? - sure. Worth 2 years on the NY Times bestseller  list and 791 Amazon reviews crying &quot;Hallelujah!&quot;?  Not hardly.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Manson's &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot; is a powerful mixture of trash, epic, and industry metal.  Each song has a visceral punch, due in part to Trent Reznor's production.  The entire album also is conceptually unified.   Marilyn Manson brings together the emotional scream of Antonin Artaud and  theatrical artifice.  Simultaneously fake and raw.  &quot;Irresponsible  Hate Anthem&quot; is a pounding abysmally dark rant against the forces who  want to limit free will.  &quot;Kinderfeld&quot; is an awesome sonic  attack, filled with feedback and rock opera flourishes.  The album climaxes  with &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;, an epic industrial metal march about  celebrity and evil.  &quot;1996&quot; and &quot;Minute of Decay&quot; are  also excellent songs.  The greatest thing about Manson's vocal style is his  ability to switch from a feminine vamp to a rock star angst-filled shout.   Other albums worth considering are NIN's suicidal tour de force &quot;The  Downward Spiral&quot; and David Bowie dark epic &quot;Outside&quot;, which  deals with the carnage of too much freedom.  Manson's style also reflects a  bit of Iggy Pop's groundbreaking album &quot;Raw Power.&quot;  Buy this  album and enjoy music full of risk and shamelessness.
B000001ZS8|3.0|&quot;Eclectic&quot; is the best word to describe this CD.  &quot;Ethnicolor&quot; is an excellent job of mixing and dubbing and has that odd tempo that characterizes Jarre's work.  Then there's  &quot;Diva&quot;, which is a real dog.  He bounces back with  &quot;Zookologie&quot; and &quot;Blah Blah Cafe&quot;, but the consistency  and flow that ties works like &quot;Oxygene&quot; and &quot;Equinoxe&quot;  and &quot;Chronologie&quot; together is missing here.  Still, an  interesting CD and worthy of adding to your collection if you are an  eclectic person.
0783240503|5.0|I think this is a great video. The cast is stellar. Osmond and Friedman have given a very good performance, both dramatically and vocally. The music - well, it's by Andrew Lloyd Webber - need I say more? The  camerawork, editing, special effects and set design are very good, which is  not something I expected after seeing the Cats video, which did not realize  all the potential of a film. This video does a superb job of blending the  magic of film with music and lyrics that have delighted theater audiences  for years. Kids of ages 4+ would enjoy this video a lot. Why not introduce  them to musical theater with a masterpiece that is bound to get them  hooked? And if you can, get it on DVD instead of VHS. VHS tapes wear out  with use, and well, you're gonna want to watch this film again and again.
6305750750|1.0|No DVD version and I didn't even like the movie nearly as much as its sequels. It was too bland, the story was dumb. In 4-6 you at least had the impression that a great story was being told. This movie lacks the  atmosphere and the feeling of the other three. And even the actors didn't  seem to feel &quot;at home&quot; in this movie...
6305718954|3.0|I was very apprehensive when I first saw this movie, for I thought I would be seeing a scary movie with devils and all.<br />I am glad I was agreeably mistaken! The story does not relate to any scary monster or devil.  It  actually deals with the finding of a hidden manuscript.  You can put  together mystery with some history and mix this with good acting, and you  have the makings of an interesting movie.
0060174900|5.0|This is the only novel written by the famous poet Sylvia Plath. It is autobiographical in many aspects and covers her attempted suicide. The critics thought this book wasnt as literary as they had expected and I  agree that it was more fun than seriously literary. They predicted the next  novel that she was in the process of writing would be better in a literary  sense but she never finished it before her suicide. I agree that the book  is not of the same literary quality as her poems and that this is worth  mentioning in a book review, but it was still great and it is a must read  for any Plath fan.<br />This novel starts with the heroines coveted  internship with a posh fashion magazine in New York City, and then retracts  to cover past aspects of her life, such as college and dating. The story  then continues to the heroines descent into madness, including her  experiences with phsycologists and asylums and electric shock  therapy.<br />This is one of the best books I have read recently. Parts of it  made me laugh out load and other parts made me incredibly sad. The heroine  experienced and felt things so deeply, and Plath had a way of making me  feel them and experience them along with her. This is a fast-paced and  still thought-provoking book that I finished very quickly, and then went  back to read some parts again and savor the sweet little details. The Bell  Jar deserves to be on everyones bookshelf, or better yet, bedside table,  being read and reread again for the delicious little emotional masterpiece  that it is.
B00000JGOH|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.<br />The actors, the setting, the costumes, the music, everything is so captivating and they all work together to make this movie an unforgetable experience.<br />The  story, just by itself is so well thought out! I thought I knew everything  about Shakespeare before I saw this movie, but I learned so much more.   Even my 9 year old son watched it with me and learned about Shakespeare and  about the making of 'Romeo and Juliet'.  I don't think he will ever forget  this story.<br />A must see.
630330608X|5.0|All I can say is get it. The Goldberg Variations are one my favourite pieces by Bach. But hearing it played the way Glenn Gould does is amazing. I like this version better then the first version (1955)which is at times a  little too fast for my taste, yet still more then excellent. Seeing Glenn  Gould play this piece makes it even more powerful and appreciative. It  looks at times unplayable to me. I can also recommend, especially for the  people who like Bach the other in the series, XIV and XV.
0425132153|5.0|When I first read good omens, I finished it, put it down and picked it right back up to read again. The overall view the book took of the world and the people in it was so close to the truth it was almost painful.  I make a point now to constantly keep it on my book shelf and whenever I meet  someone new who would be able to appreciate it I give it away, and go buy a  new one.  I firmly believe it is the one book that anyone with a sense of  humor should read.
0141301120|1.0|I'm very surprised at the positive reviews.  This confusingbook has almost none of the charm and grace of &quot;Charlie and the Chocolate Factory&quot;.  The characters are often surly and sour, the attempts at humor are often spiteful, there's a paranoid overtone to the whole sorry mess that left me very, very sad.  Halfway through, my young son and I decided to put it down, which resulted in a pretty good conversation between us about how even talented writers can go far astray.  I can't help thinking that Mr. Dahl was in a pretty dank personal space when he knocked this insipid sequel out.
0552137030|5.0|I once lent this book to I don't remember who, never got it back - but I wasn't angry. I was actually GLAD that somebody else obviously loved it as much as I do.<br />well, the thing is, everything has been said. I just read  all the reviews, and was glad to see I'm not the only one who loved the  horsepersons of the apocalypse. But I think old Agnes Nutter (witch), the  delivery guy and Thou-shalt-not-commit-adultery Pulsifer deserve at least  some honorary mention. I mean, all the characters are hilarious! Pratchett  and Gaiman know where it's at!  They answer fundamental questions,  like<br />...what happens when a US-tv preacher actually meets a real  archangel?<br />...how can answering machines help a fallen angel in his fight  against the dukes of hell?<br />... who is responsible for Milton  Keynes?<br />... what does the hellhound look like?<br />... what's the plan  behind London transport?<br />And for those who compare this to Douglas Adams'  hitch-hikers series: you are clueless.  I mean, you might as well state  that Finnegan's Wake was inferior to  Mickey Mouse, or that Bach's  concertos don't quite live up to &quot;Cats&quot; . <br />Good Omens has  genuine esprit.  Intellectuals can enjoy it. But my 86-year old, working  class, staunchly catholic grandma enjoyed it, too.<br />Try to beat that.  <br />So: read it! <br />I once had the fortune to attend a lecture held by Terry  Pratchett. That was before I read &quot;Good Omens&quot; (back then, I only  knes his discworld books). If I ever meet him again, I'll buy him all the  banana daiquiries he asks for.
6305750750|5.0|If you have a small screen TV (i.e. 20&quot; or less) then don't purchase the widescreen...It's too small.  Otherwise, get all of the Star Wars movies in LBX (Widescreen).  From my experience, as an example: The Empire  Strikes Back, in my opinion, was the least exciting visually.  The movie  seemed to crawl along, because so little was being done on screen.  Hence,  making it my least favorite of the 3. <br />  I then purchased the LBX version  of this movie. I forgot that there was more action going on.  (I saw the  movie in theaters the first time around).  There is a lot more action  happening on the sides, the ones that were cut in the &quot;made for your  TV&quot;, &quot;pan-and-scan&quot; version.  This renewed action enhanced  the movie visually, giving it more &quot;spice&quot;.  I liked the movie a  lot better.  I used to just skip ESB and go directly to RoTJ.  Now I watch  all 3.  The dialog is great ESB, but visually lacking in the  &quot;pan-n-scan&quot; release. <br /> Now I can enjoy the movie as it was  intended to be watched...just like I did in the theaters.  Special Edition  of ESB made it a sweet film.
080017948X|4.0|This movie is one of my favorite romantic comedies. What would you do if you were immortal?  Another twist, what would you do if your actions had no lasting consequences? I found no problem with the color fidelity on the  DVD, although I did see some scratches and blotches, but I've seen worse.  Since this movie isn't about the cinematography, this isn't a major  problem. For a relatively minor film the DVD is very good. The DVD has no  extras and the subtitles were not verbatim.
B00003Q438|5.0|First of all, if you have only seen the theatrical cut of The Abyss, the special edition is a must-buy.  The 30 minutes of cut footage transforms the film into a different genre almost.  Both cuts are interesting and both  are included on the disc with seamless branching- flawless on my  player.<br />The features are the star and they don't disappoint- the list on  Amazon's description doesn't do the disc justice.<br />Highlights include the  hour-long in depth documentary and pages and pages of technical  information.  A very through look at this wonderful film- watch for a T2  special edition later in the year from the same DVD producer (who also  worked on the ID4 SE DVD).
B000006OAM|5.0|I received Natalie Merchant's CD as a gift immediately after it was released in stores, and I loved it.  After awhile, however, I began listening to other things more, and I hadn't listened to her CD in about a  year.  However, I just saw it yesterday and put it back in my CD player.   Wow.  Her voice is truly wonderful and her tunes are haunting.  This album  always puts me in a creative mood. Her lyrics, although difficult to make  out, are fascinating.  Merchant has impressed me, not only for her terrific  songs, but for their ability to last and continue to move me.
B00004SC3M|4.0|I saw this on opening night in the theater and I had a great time.  I knew, of course, that it wasn't going to win any awards, but I really had a lot of fun watching it, which is the best judge of a movie's quality- at  least in my mind.<br />Sean Connery is, of course, a classic.  He makes bad  movies good and good movies better.  Catherine Zeta-Jones is simply the  most beautiful actress in Hollywood today (nice to see a girl with a  full-figure, as opposed to, say, Gweynth Paltrow).  The supporting cast is  interesting as well, but Ving Rhames must be sick of playing the  heavy.<br />As for the film itself, the plot is fairly entertaining, with  crosses and double-crosses until the last reel.  The highlights here (and  the reason I enjoy the film) are,  of course, the theft sequences, and they  are beautifully directed and edited.  Even if you hate the film, the  mask-heist will grab you.<br />The new DVD special-edition is a marked  improvement over the old one- the new anamorphic transfer is flawless and  the extras (while still a bit slim) are good.  I especially enjoyed the  director's dry humor on the commentary track.<br />Overall, this is a fun  blockbuster that won't really make you think too much, and it is a good way  to spend a few hours.
B000003TAW|5.0|THIS IS THE MONOLITH OF ALT ROCK-- I first heard of weezer when Weezer blue CD came out some six years ago when I was Nine... I recently bought it for a spur of the moment buy and boy, it was worth it!  I sware, if you buy this cd looking for good listening, you will get more then good. you  will get more then great,.. you will get music that thousands of bands have  tried and failed to get- Great Music!
0670880728|4.0|Enjoyed this novel immensely until I realized the similarities with Pride and Prejudice.  We have a Mr. Darcy, after all, a Mr. Wickham in the form of Daniel Cheever, Bridget's boss, and even a willful Lydia, Bridget's  mother as she scurries off to Portugal with Julio.  Fielding dresses up  this classic story in a modern garb, which is thorougly entertaining....but  I enjoyed the original more.
6304711875|5.0|grab your friends get out the chips n'dip and sit down and waatch  this baby!
0783240287|5.0|I believe that it is an excellent piece of work. I have watched this musical in Hong Kong last year. It was full of fun! The scenes in this DVD are refreshing, as they are not filmed on a stage rather in the studio. I'm  really eager to see the next one! Phantom of the Opera?
B00000JCB2|1.0|The children of world today will buy anything that MTV says is cool. This world is really in a sad state when some dude that looks like a friggin mule named Carson dictates what good music is.  All you kids like this cd because Carson says &quot;They are my favorite band&quot;.  MTV can sell  anything. Lets anylize this band. The frontman, Fred Durst has no musical  talent whatsoever. He can't rap and he certainly can't sing at all! The  lyrics he writes are childish, profanity filled {{{another reason our youth  likes it, sad huh?}}} and have no meaning. ITs all the same, Fred yelling  F*ck every 5 seconds, it gets old. As for the rest of the band, the bass  player has some talent and maybe could be the only salvagable from this  worthless band. Wes Boarland is exactly what his name says. Boring, he  plays the same chords over and over again.  All their songs are dry, lack  effort, and sound the same except when they attemp, LOL Rap! Fred Durst now  thinks he is the next vanilla trying to rap with established rappers. Now  dont get me wrong i am no fan of rap, but i know Method Man is better than  a no talent loser like Durst.<br />The think that gets me most pissed of about  this band is that these motherf*ckers label themselves a hardcore band.  First of all there is no rap in hardcore and there is no DJ. And for all  you mtv kids this is not hardcore. This is about the furthest music from  hardcore than anything. Milli Vanilli is Hardcore so stop calling this  hardcore. Agnostic Front has been around for 17 years making some of the  best hardcore music ever and none of you mtv kids even know who they are,  they get no respect from you kids. These guys deserve respect, they take  young hc bands out on tour with them and you all support this white trash  florida crap. Try real NYHC like Agnostic Front.  Also check out Madball,  Reville, All Out War, Earth Crisis, and Stretch Armstrongs if you want some  more real hardcore bands. OR TRY your f*cking local scene. Suport it.<br />All  i gotta say to all of you 12 year old kids who think &quot;Fred is sooooooo  hot&quot; or &quot;Limp Bisckit {{{notice mispelling, it is spelled like  that in many reviews on this page, sad again huh}}} is dope yo. When MTV  makes you blow are your allowance on this sh!tty piece of work, Be thankful  your rich parents will give you more money so you can buy Kid Rock, Korn,  Blink 182, Slipknot, the Offspring, ICP and all of the cds of any of the  bands that played at woodstock 99 Too. You F*cking Spoilded  brats! <br />Woodstock 99- Pointless violence by trendy jocks who think that  they are hardcore and think that the sh!t they had on the woodstock stage  was good. Woodstock 99 was the worst show in the world. Not only was there  poinless violence but the worlds trendiest mtv bands played there too.
0446604844|3.0|This novel is filled with technical inaccuracies (just about everything to do with computers is a &quot;database&quot;), implausible plot turns, and one-dimensional characters; but the pace is good and manages to hold your  interest.  The worst part is Baldacci's over-reliance on his characters'  physical reactions to their circumstances...I got really tired of reading  about Sidney's throat constricting, her heart palpitating, the waves of  shock pounding her body, etc. as she suffers through the unbelievable  machinations of Baldacci's plot.
B00000JG4N|1.0|I feel bad listening to this master-piece of American bubble-gum &quot;rock&quot;. This band continue as lousy as ever, they're only after your hard-earned money, so they can continue joking around the world makin  bad recordings. There's no even one real rock song worth listening in this.  If you want listen to bubble-gum rock, at least go to their father, KISS,  to listen to some good songs...
0446310786|4.0|To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee is based mainly on racialprejudice, love, and injustice in society. The main ideas that reallystuck out in my mind were the ideas of racial discrepancies and human dignity. Harper Lee really captured these two ideas in her book. Back then in the 1930s it was normal to look dowm on people because they were a different race. Atticus said it best: &quot;you don't really know someone until you walk around in their shoes.&quot; I think this quote was a very significant part of the book.  There was another part in the book when Ms. Gates stated: &quot;We live in a democracy kids, over here we don't persecute other people.&quot; That simple statement really reflected the whole idea of the town and all across America
630382790X|5.0|This movie came out when I was a senior in high school and I saw it as soon as I could. Shortly thereafter, I had the priveledge of hearing a Shuttle astronaut speak, and someone asked her what the folks at NASA  thought of the movie. Apparently, some people there had some time on their  hands and went through it with a fine-toothed comb. They found a few minor  flaws (in one scene, they showed the wrong NASA logo in the background,  stuff like that) but overall they were impressed with the movie's  accuracy.<br />The launch scene is simply majestic, and the fact that the  space scenes really were filmed in zero gravity (30 seconds at a time, in a  NASA C-135) just blows me away.<br />Finally, I was very impressed with the  acting. Tom Hanks, in particular, did a superb job making his character  more than just a 'Right Stuff' hotshot that you see in so many lesser  films.<br />All in all, a fantastic movie.
B000002JNN|5.0|I just recently got into AC/DC and I have already purchased 6 of their CDs.  The Razor's Edge is a must for anyone's collection.  Thunderstruck and Money Talks are great songs as is most of their songs.  Be sure to add  this one to your colelction if you haven't already.
B000002LIM|5.0|Danny Elfman is this generation's Bernard Herrmann.  His film scores, from  Pee-Wee's Big Adventure on, are full of magic and pathos, light and  darkness.  And &quot;Batman&quot; is, without a doubt, Elfman's most  Herrmannesque score.  Just listen to &quot;Up the Cathedral&quot; (my  favorite cue on this album).  It's a brilliant re-working of the overture  from &quot;Vertigo.&quot;  Sends shivers up me spine!  Elfman's a genius.  I love this CD!
B000000WA4|5.0|Had &quot;Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness&quot; been released in the days of vinyl it would have been a triple-album set of all new songs, something no other rock artist has ever done (although Harrison came close  with &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;, and Zappa tried but was prevented by  his record company with &quot;Lather&quot;).  What is amazing about this is  not only the sheer quantity of output but the incredible quality of the  work; great song after great song passes by with arguably no filler in  sight (even the best double albums usually contain some filler).  The two  discs are sequenced perfectly, knowing when to hold or change the mood at  just the right moments, and when to surprise.  <br />Musically, &quot;Mellon  Collie&quot; was by far the most diverse and sophisticated effort to come  from the group up to that point in time.  After helping to revitalize rock  music on &quot;Gish&quot; and then perfecting that sound to an appealing  but slick hit formula on &quot;Siamese Dream&quot;, the group expanded in a  dozen different directions while managing to maintain both their unique  identity and their accessibility.  The hard alt-rock numbers sound tighter  and more intense, the lengthy psychedelic epics explore new sounds, and the  ballads are given elaborately crafted arrangements.  <br />Although some  critics still charged that the album was bloated and indulgent, this only  proved that they were incapable of digesting a work of this size and  magnitude; in reality, if one were to take most of the individual songs out  of the overwhelming context of the album, they would find The Pumpkins'  most focused, least bloated statements to date.  And while it's true that  the overall scope verges on being over-the-top, the fact that the group was  able to pull off the dizzying array of moods and emotions on display says a  lot about the writing, playing and cleverness of the song sequencing.  No  other group in the 90s (or, for that matter, in the decades previous--to  wit, &quot;Tales From Topographic Oceans&quot;) came close to either  conceiving or pulling off this kind of achievement--and as an added bonus,  &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; turned out to be a mammoth commercial success as  well, selling eight million copies and spawning five hit singles.  It is  the sound of a generation.
0964385619|5.0|Ok hopefully you're reading this before the other 218. this is the book to get if you decide that you want to be in business for yourself but have never done that or no one you know (really well) has. this book will set the mind set you must have in order to mentally compete with your friends (  who will laugh and ridicule you) and after reading this you will then  decide that a business is good especially if I own it, however there's  &quot;systems&quot; that you will have to learn and hopefully your system  will produce lots of passive income- (the key and only way to have success)  with the time to enjoy it. if you have money and no time your a  professional, if you have no money but time your &quot;hardworking blue  collar&quot;. you read this book you will realize that no matter  professional or blue you are BROKE. Rich Dad... sets up for you ( the  mental toughness) to go from the &quot; masses - employees/self employed  &quot; to the business owners/ investors &quot; 2%&quot;. Come and join our  club. Then read Cashflow Quadrant to learn how to put into action the  knowledge you recieved..
B000006NPY|5.0|Much to the disappointment of those fans who wanted them to pump out carbon copies of &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; until they were 50, &quot;Adore&quot; found The Smashing Pumpkins moving in their artiest,  least typical direction yet.  Predictably, the album became one of their  least commercially successful, but that says nothing about its exceptional  quality.  For the first time ever, Corgan's lyrics and vocals do not sound  whiny (as charming as this whininess could get on the earlier albums), yet  &quot;Adore&quot; turned out to be his darkest and most personal statement  to date.  That he was able to get this personal without succumbing to empty  ranting and self-pity makes this the best album The Pumpkins ever made--and  just for those who found the scope of &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; a little  too overwhelming (not that *I* did, mind you), &quot;Adore&quot; trims  things down to a healthy 75 minutes of sublime, moody balladry.  You will  never hear songs with melodies and arrangments as hauntingly graceful as  &quot;To Sheila&quot;, &quot;Shame&quot;, &quot;Behold! The Nightmare&quot;  or &quot;Blank Page&quot;, and just to balance things a little there is  also some suprisingly successful flirtation with techno  (&quot;Apples+Oranges&quot;), and catchy, radio-friendly pop  hits(&quot;AvaAdore&quot;, &quot;Perfect&quot;). As a unified emotional  statement, &quot;Adore&quot; is easily on a par with such hallowed works as  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot;; that it was  ignored by the public is probably proof-positive of its greatness (after  all, wasn't &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; a commercial disappointment upon its  release, as well?).  For rock fans who are sickened by the pre-packaged,  heartless and virtually unlistenable bubblegum, rap, rap-metal, and VH1  roots-rock of the late 90s, &quot;Adore&quot; is the perfect antidote, both  edgy and melodic.
B00000J6AG|1.0|This CD is so boring! There are no good up beat trax on this cd, Buy this CD if you like for music to put you to sleep!
B00000K19E|2.0|I enjoyed the special effects of &quot;The Matrix,&quot; but that is all.   As deep as the plot may appear to be, there actually is none.  Many of the  story elements are very interesting, unfortunately they never pay-off in  the film.  We never see Zion, we never see a main villain, we never go  anywhere.  Neo plays catch-up with the audience the entire first half of  the film, which grew on my nerves because I really wanted this film to get  moving.<br />The fight scenes are spectacular and original.  However, they are  also fluff and extraenous to the plot.  One of the first rules of a  screenwriter is that if a scene does not propel the plot forward, it  shouldn't be in the film.  But considering how none of the scenes in this  film propel the plot forward, I can see how it is easy to miss this fact  when it comes to the fight scenes (such as Morpheus kung-fu training  Neo).<br />Yes, I am aware that this is planned to be a trilogy now.  HOWEVER,  there is no way the Wachowski Bros. knew this film would hit it big like it  did.  they could have hoped and dreamed with all their hearts, but they did  NOT leave their script the mess that it is so that they could add on to it  with two more movies.  Anyone that says the flaws in the film I point out  are okay because it's a trilogy is mistaken.  If it was true, that is a  horrible excuse for this sloppy script.<br />I would be glad to discuss this  with all of you &quot;The Matrix&quot; lovers out there, if you'd like.  I  really wanted to enjoy this film, but there were just too many flaws for  me. :(
B00003IPFK|5.0|Great piece of work. Truly demostrates origin of american culture. Really captivating and I feel as is I was in it while watching it. Can't wait for the release of &quot;Return to Lonesom Dove&quot;, &quot;Dead Man's  Walk&quot; and &quot;Streets of Loredo&quot; in DVD form.
6305750750|3.0|I think the movie was good, I did notice the acting was bad in parts, and it was very slow for about the first hour. I was used to the old Star Wars where it was almost not stop action from the opening credits till the end  of the movie. I will say this though. The first trilogy was filled with  action because it was about the war between the empire and the rebbels, and  now we are seeing the earlier story before the war had started. The special  effects were outstanding I think George was snubed at the Oscars. But about  the title of this post... I can't beleive that we will have to wait to see  this on DVD. I think that for a Director like George Lucas who created THX  and wants his movies to look the best that they can, would have released  Star Wars on DVD sooner. But I guess it is all about money. I thought the  video and audio quality on VHS was very poor.
0783241569|5.0|I really enjoyed this film.  It's a great little romance.  Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant were fabulous, as were the other supporting actors.  The plot was fresh and very cute.  I was either laughing or smiling.  See this  great film.  It is a break away from the &quot;norm&quot; romantic comedy.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
B00000JH09|5.0|System of a Down is incredible.  I am a metalhead, but even if your not you can still appreciate music like this.  The variation in the songs is incredible.  Although it most of it maybe a little to fast and loud for  some, its a new sound for metal, which was something it definelty needed.   I had heard one too many variations of the original KoRn style before this.   I also enjoy the different meanings of the songs.  For example  &quot;Peephole&quot; goes into marijuana usage, and &quot;Suite Pee&quot;  goes into the disorganization of religion, and &quot;War&quot; shows how we  think we're so advanced yet the only way we have to settle our disputes is  to kill.  Anyway, this is definelty a 5 star album.
B00000IQBM|5.0|I am a Jack Nicholson freak, and I thought that The Shining was, maybe not one of his BEST, but definitely a great achievement.  Stephen King's novel is shown on the screen wonderfully. It's just plain a great film!  If you  haven't seen it, see it!
6300247376|4.0|This film may have been the best movie Charles Bronson ever acted in. Not sure why it is not more well know, if you like action this is you ticket. From the opening scene (dog fight) to the closing scene (shootout) it is nonstop action. Lee Marvin, Angie Dickinson and Carl Weathers (Apollo Creed  guy) are in the cast in addition to Bronson. Ms. Dickinson has a couple of  makeout scenes but she takes a backseat to the amourous &quot;Buffalo  Woman&quot; in the shack. The setting is the Canadian Rockies and is  &quot;based on a true story&quot; from the 1920's or so. The mountain  scenery is breathtaking. The movie is filled with sleazy tough guy/mountain  men...a real testosterone fest. Vintage weapons, clothing and vehicles add  alot to this film. Bronson gets to deliver a few one liners (and .44  caliber lobotomies) that will crack you up. You will like this movie!
B000021XS0|2.0|I am well aware of the reputation that preceeds this group of musicians. They are fine craftsmen, no doubt about it. But a band cannot survive on talent alone. Metallica and Megadeth continue to possess enormous amounts  of talent, yet their creative and spiritual well has run dry. The same  holds true for DT. Their &quot;storyline&quot; has potential yet lacks  imagination. Their music has flashes of brilliance yet lacks emotion or  signs of humanity. It comes off as rather cold and robotic...autopilot-like  almost. It's certainly not for a lack of trying...in fact, DT tries a bit  too hard in convincing the listener of the enormity of it all. Should a  &quot;metal&quot; album really sound this good? I hear this album and am  reminded of hair bands of the 80's...who were slickly produced, talented  and proud of themselves. And what did it all amount to artistically? Need I  go on?
B00004RHZU|1.0|This Disc is Very Boring.Pink has Leftover Toni Braxton Songs.She Sounds Like a 5th Member of Destinys Child.and that's not saying much.How Many Folks are Gonna Ride Timberland's Beats? Enough Already.Very  Predictable&amp;Formula Sounding.
B000002GXS|5.0|This is a damn tough album to &quot;review&quot;. You could say it's got this (draggin blues piano, hints of smok-y jazzz, blahblah), or that (Waits' trademark gravelly growl), but it's so much more. There's emotion  behind every song, and the musicianship (albeit sloppy at times) that  matches. You could never walk into a dive bar and catch this guy sitting at  the piano, or speaking his narratives; it'd just be too perfect.  I picture  Tom walking thru the night, looking for his salvation, redemption, and only  finding it occaisionally.  Moments of clarity separated by reflection and  despondency. The Heart of Saturday Night is ragged around the edges, but if  you listen close, it's all gold. 5/5 stars, all the way.
0784011796|1.0|This movie was not as good as I had expected.  I had figured that there would be more interesting math involved.  This seemed like more of a weird religous film than a interesting movie based on math.<br />The plot was not  that interesting.  It is entirely in black and white, and the cameraman  appears to be an amatuer, or at least going for that bumpy Blair Witch  style.  I would bet that this was produced by film students that have not  yet figured out how to make good movies.<br />Don't waste your money on this  movie, there are so many other good movies at Amazon.com that you could buy  instead!
0783211856|5.0|The first (and last) time I viewed this masterpiece in a theater, I could not help but notice the reaction of the audience upon their leaving. Some were crying or trying to hold back tears, some were stunned, some had  completely blank faces, some showed signs of anger; but the overall  atmosphere was one of utter silence. Never in the history of motion  pictures has a film had such an emotional impact upon its constituents.  Upon viewing the video, I was left in a state of awe, wonder, and anger.<br />Those who have defended the Germans in previous critiques must remember  one fact. The two \\"World Wars\\" of the twentieth century, in which millions  of American lives were taken defending our country and our way of life,  were perpetrated by Germany and the German lust for dominance (but Germany  is only a symbol for any megalomaniac self-deceiving culture). The  Holocaust?...It did occur and in a way that its brutality could not  be  depicted even with this film. The next time it could be you! ... and perhaps  that is Spielberg's message.<br />Though this film is \\"R\\" rated, it should be  viewed by children...to give them nightmares ... nightmares so that man's  inhumanity to man may never again be perpetrated whether it be by another  Holocaust or by another Inquisition.
6305609691|4.0|An exceptional war film in every sense, it pulsates with artistic ambition.  It reaches for truth, struggles for greatness--and almost succeeds.  The central character, Captain Willard (Martin Sheen), tells the  story of his danger-filled journey toward a fateful meeting with a man  named Kurtz, a highly decorated officer who the Army contends has gone mad.
B00000INEX|2.0|My son who loves Baby Mozart cries non stop through Baby Bach.  Having been a follow-up to Baby Mozart, I expected a higher quality video.  Instead, the video is little more then a home movie of the producer's  children.  If children are to be included, please include girls AND boys -  broaden the scope!
0679417222|1.0|Wilkie Collins' close friend, Charles Dickens, was right when he wrote to W. H. Wills &quot;I quite agree with you about &quot;The Moonstone.&quot;  The construction is wearisome beyond endurance, and there is a vein of  obstinate conceit in it that make enemies of its readers.&quot;  Wilkie's  work is a failure both as a novel and as a mystery.
B0000028SR|5.0|On this album Springsteen has finally matured as a rock and roll artist.  His best previous album was Tunnel of Love which had many brilliant songs, both lyrically and musically.  But Human Touch tops that effort with  masterpieces like Cross My Heart, Real World, I Wish I Were Blind, 57  Channels, and Roll of the Dice.  And, if you like to dance or just want to  feel energized, then you can't beat the driving rhythm of Gloria's Eyes,  All or Nothin' At All, and The Long Goodbye--these songs are real Rock 'n  Roll.
6303402348|5.0|Forrest Gump is indeed one of the best movie I've seen.  It had taught me so much about life, how to treasure it and not take it for granted.  The cast, script, and special effects were all wonderful.  This had to be Tom  Hank's best performance, I just could not c anyone better than him in this  role.  I love this movie, I saw it over six times, and I still and will  always love the movie.  Please take a chance to see this movie if u haven't  yet.
630575067X|5.0|Simply put Lucas is a genius. As great as the saga Starwars was the Empire Strikes Back was not only a better story and a better movie but enhanced Starwars itself. The first of three is brillant and opens the door for and  amazing following. Enjoy the work of the genius they call Lucas!
1558807381|3.0|My uncle showed me this movie. Not bad. I don't remember it but we used to watch it a lot when I was younger. I think some characters were scary or funny I am not sure.  :) Not bad not a movie I would watch all the time.
0790731452|4.0|At the risk of sounding like a complete dolt I must ask this question...where the heck is the so called hidden menu? And does this disk have an un-cut director's version of the movie..if so where? Is this a joke  or what? please e-mail me if you can with the answer to these burning  questions...I implore you....when I baught this dvd it said there was a  special directors cut but I cannot find it....there seems to be just the  regular version of the movie in widescreen and tv  sized.....waaaah!.......by the way this movies is way  cooool....cleofus1@hotmail.com
B000003TA4|3.0|Alright, I'm sure a lot of people are not going to like this. This is really more like 2.5 stars. Yes, Nevermind is a decent album with some great songs. But if you've ever heard In Utero or even Bleach, you know  this isn't Nirvana. It sounds overproduced and wrong. <br />Yes, it's obvious  Nirvana had their influences. The Pixies were a huge one. Fugazi as well,  although they're a lot more funky. Sonic Youth also had their influence on  Nirvana. That's fine, those are three extremely great bands. There are some  pretty good songs on Nevermind: Drain You, Lounge Act, Stay Away, and On a  Plain are good, Something in the Way is alright. However, although most  people say they are the standout tracks, I can't stand the first half of  this CD. <br />My point is this: you'll probably have to hear this at some  point, but if I were you I'd sell it after listening to it. Then do  yourself a favor and use that money to buy In Utero.<br />By the way, the  title is a quote from the Nirvana song &quot;Radio Friendly Unit  Shifter.&quot;
0440219078|5.0|I thought this book was great! I liked it, because the peoplenever fought. The kids' lives were pretty easy. Jonas got to seethings that he has never seen and things other people didn't want to see again. Jonas' family got to keep Gabriel for a while. At the end of the book Jonas got to snow and in one of the memories the Giver gave him. Five things I didn't like about this book was the people couldn't see in color, they couldn't go to another town. If woman had twins, the one that didn't weigh very much was killed, everyone was told what to do. The children didn't get toys like a bike until they were a certain age. Any one that likes sad stories that end in a happy situation would like this book.
6305750750|4.0|The first time or five that I saw Episode I, it was awesome. The special effects and visuals were so absolutely outstanding, as was the simple thrill of it being the NEW Star Wars movie.  It was such great eye candy and such a neat addition to the whole SW mythos that I was able to ignore the somewhat lame plot, the extremely long, mostly boring and corny tatooine sequence, and the under-representation of Darth Maul.<br />Unfortunately, on video the visual effects really are limited a lot, and since so many of the scenes are so huge and detailed, when it's scaled down to a typical TV screen size the characters are often microscopic.  It just doesn't have the impact that it did on big screen, and it gets a lot more boring.<br />Because this movie is entertaining and Star Wars, I give it four stars.  It it had been a stand-alone film, it probably would've been lucky to recieve three from me.
6305750750|4.0|On april 4th, I bought the phantom menace in its standard format.  I will say that I was slightly disapointed.  Two days later, I went back and bought the collectors widescreen edition.  This format is the way the movie  should be seen.  The standard format, cuts out a lot of the action that  takes place on the sides of the screen.  The widescreen is exactly the way  it appeared in the theater, so you see all the action that is on the sides  of the screen, and better than the standard format.  Plus with the  collectors edition you get a book and film strip which are not in the  standard edition.  So if you have the extra fifteen dollars, get the  collectors edition.  If not, the standard edition is still a great movie.
6305627347|5.0|Good!  Turn the tables and aggitate the sensitive whiners of America blaming this movie for all the worlds problems.  This is what we need for entertainment to watch a few foul-mouth third graders save the world from  evil rulings of Saddam Hussein with Satan.  Or was the evil rulings of  Kyle's mom starting a war with Canada all because of a toilet humor TV  show.  Either way, the movie goes on with insult, blaming Canada for  everything and insulting many Canadians (I myself am Canadian, took no  offense from this flick).  In the movie, &quot;what would Brian Boytoano  do?  For you Canadians, &quot;what would Joe Sakic do?
B000003TAR|5.0|This is Nirvana's best album. Bleach, Incesticide, Unplugged, and Muddy Banks of Wishkah (although it can't really be compared to the others) are great, and Nevermind is terrible. I can't stand that album to this day. In  Utero is amazing though. It shows how great a songwriter Kurt was, and what  Nirvana really sounded like. The overproduced, shiny, radio friendly  Nirvana of Nevermind is not the real Nirvana. This is.<br />The whole album is  great, and all the songs are excellent. Standouts are the punk / metal  stomping &quot;Scentless Apprentice&quot;, the eerie &quot;Heart Shaped  Box&quot;, and the disturbingly beautiful &quot;Rape Me.&quot; The best  track, however, has to be &quot;Radio Friendly Unit Shifter&quot;, which I  consider my favorite Nirvana song. The screeching guitars and brutal rythm;  the searing chorus riff, which is like a bolt of lightning, and Kurt  howling &quot;What is wrong with me?&quot;<br />In Utero is excellent album  that you should absolutely buy.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Last summer, me and my friends went to the theater to see the second Austin Powers movie. as we walked toward the counter to purchase our tickets, i saw a cardboard cutout of Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci with  the words &quot;Sleepy Hollow, coming soon&quot; beneath it. About 6 years  ago, when i was in 5th grade, my class did a production of The Legend Of  Sleepy Hollow. i was cast as Katrina Van Tassel. I fell in love with the  story, and always wondered if they were going to make a movie about it.  well, when i found out that they did, i was on the internet 24/7 trying to  find out more about it. Finally... on friday, november 21st, sleepy hollow  opened in my town of pikeville, and i grabbed a couple of friends and  literally dragged them to the theater. as soon as the movie opened, i was  in heaven. the cinematography was absolutely gorgeous, and the art  direction was superb. johnny depp mastered an accent perfectly, and was  hilarious. I loved the scenes, suspense, and practically everything about  the movie. Burton did a wonderful job reviving the story, and i'm happy  that he didn't stick to the original story, and created a whole new ending.  I am sooo going to get this movie on DVD. one of the BEST movies i saw last  year, to me, it stands up there with the other movies of this past year  that i've enjoyed (american pie, american beauty, the sixth sense, notting  hill...) i still don't exactly understand why it was rated R, even due to  the excessive amount of decapitations.  the most it should have been was  pg-13. the first two beheadings are kinda sick, but really, you grow immune  to it afterwards.  there wasn't much kissing, xept in the beginning, but  you don't really see it, u just hear it, and the only sex scene in the  movie is brief, and doesn't show anything at all. i've seen PG movies worse  than that! well, anyway.. to get back on track. i loved the movie, it was  great, it was beautiful, the music was haunting, the editing was great,  sets were great, acting was good, script was good, art direction was  spectacular, and direction as a whole was great. very well taken movie.  i  strongly recommend everyone to see it
B000002JSR|2.0|This album is listenable.  That's about the most I can say for it.  Poor Tom is an excellent song, and I can't understand why it was left off of Led Zeppelin III.  The rest of the songs on the album are just not very good.   They're not TERRIBLE but they don't feel like real Zeppelin at all.  As has  been said previously, don't buy this album unless you have bought  everything else in Zep's catalog and feel the need to complete your  collection.
6305750750|4.0|I've seen all the Star Wars movies many, many times.  I went in to the Phantom Menace expecting exactly what Lucas had provided before, a sort of campy space opera that was just much better than the sum of its parts.  And  I got just that!   The dialogue and acting are not Academy Award quality,  and the special effects certainly ARE.  The story is rehashed, and has been  done ad infinitum (some would say ad nauseum), and Lucas certainly is not  one to bring strong characterization to the screen.  But, what many people  overlook is, that's not what Lucas is good at!  He's good at telling a  story, and making you feel like you're actually peering in at a different  world.  And he did that, masterfully.  Don't see this movie to see a great  piece of modern American Cinematography, which it certainly isn't.  See  this movie because it's a tribute to storytelling at it's most basic, and  certainly a classic in it's own right.
0783110871|2.0|We might know &quot;Airport 75&quot; right?  Now Twenty Three years later, we have &quot;Turbulence.&quot;  Both are 747s, both have no pilots, both have to make emergency landing.  This movie should have been aptly named  &quot;Airport 97.&quot;    The only actor that could take a beating was the  747 itself.  Everyone else was clueless and unrealistic.   Only if  stewardesses were given pilot licenses.  Lauren Holly didn't need the  hairspray that Karen Black needed in 75.
B000002GXS|5.0|A more rough Waits than on the album Closing Time. Waits takes us to his universe of hookers, drunks, hobos and sailors on this briliant album. In songs like Fumblin' With the Blues and Drunk on the Moon you can allmost  smell the filled ashtrays and old beer. This recording takes us from the  depth of the urban jungle and back again. A masterpiece!
0679746048|5.0|The Book &quot;Girl, Interrupted&quot; was many things. Sad, triumphant, and overall, inspiring to some of the  people's reviews I've read. I had this book in my grasp for only two days before I could let go. It is  exiting to read, and it really makes you think, of the consequences, and  dangers, life offers you. This was a fantastic book. (Ages 12 and above)
B00000JCB3|5.0|Significant Other has to be the greatest album I have ever listened to. I used to think that my Korn &quot;Follow the Leader&quot; CD was the best, but then I heard the Bizkit and it rocks. It is a really good mixture of  rap and rock. The best song on the album is easily &quot;Break Stuff&quot;  because of it's awesome beats and lyrics. It is not to heavey which is  good, plus, you can actually understand what they are singing. Every song  on the album rips (but you get pretty sick of Re-Arranged). Fantastic  sounds and lyrics make it awesome. Totally sick CD. GET IT!
B000001IPP|5.0|Hey punk! Get your mohawk just right and slap this bad boy into your CD player. Before you know it you will be dancing and sining along. There are a couple side effects as a result of owning this CD. 1.You can't help but  feel good while listening to it. 2.You will invoulentarily bob your head to  the super-catchy beats. And punks, the list goes on. I could go on forever  about all the good things that this album has to offer but the best thing  for you to do is buy it and find out for your selves. Happy moshing.
B000002TLX|5.0|I love this music and it brings back a lot of memmories. he has an amazingly haunting voice. I have been listening to his music since i was a child. i love it and i think u guys greatly under rated him. if you want to  kick back and think about stuff then this CD is perfect.
B000002GYG|5.0|Tom Waits is brilliant on this live album, the songs and monologues, goes straight under the skin and stays there. There is a feeling of smoke-filled bars, lonely hobos and heartache. This is as far as I am concerned THE Tom  Waits record.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I am not a big fan of Santana. In fact, this is the first Santana CD I own. But this is a great one.<br />Who are we to demand Santana to continue to be the one who pleased us in the 1970s?  Supernatural represents today's  Santana.  And we should judge on its merits alone, instead of comparing  today's Santana with Santana a quarter of a century ago.<br />Supernatural is  a great CD.  And the man behind it is (Carlos) Santana.
B000001ELL|3.0|The year is 1979, disco and 'pop' are all the rage. It was the time of leisure suits, John Travolta, BeeGees, and studio 54. How does a hard rocking band like KISS compete? By going along with the times. I quote Paul  Stanley... &quot;You could write this stuff in your sleep. If we can get a  hit doing this stuff, let's do it.&quot; Of course I'm talking about the  awful 'I was made for loving you'. They play it live occasionally only for  nostalgia. The best tune on the album is by far Ace's version of 2000 man.  I also like 'Hard Times' also by the Jendellian visitor. The entire album  is basically soft pop, including Ace's which surprises me. After his  barnstorming solo effort, I thought he was ready to rock out with his  KISSmates. More than likely Gene and Paul had other plans for the band's  direction. Listen to 'Dynasty' then listen to 'Hotter than Hell', you can  barely tell it's the same band. This album was the beginning of the end for  KISS, the original lineup anyway. It wasn't until Creatures of the Night  that KISS got their heads out of their butts. Unfortunately, Ace and Peter  had left by then.
B000002WYT|5.0|I guess I shouldn't have been suprised the first time I heard this CD.  I mean, I hadn't ever heard a bad Dave Matthews Band song.  But this album just blew me away.  From slow songs (like Crash Into Me) to quick and  exciting (like Tripping Billies), this CD has everything.  Even if you're  not a Dave fan you'll probably enjoy this album.  This is also probably the  best album to start with if you're not into Dave yet.  And if you are, of  course you'll love this album too!
0783240503|5.0|This is possibly the best play EVER . i have seen Jason Donavon and Drron Day in &quot;Joseph&quot; but Donny Osmond out did them both. Joan Collins, Christopher Biggins,Sir David Attenbourgh star in this play. I cannot tell  yuohow much of a buy this is. It has wonderful special effects and the  songs are even more cheerful to see and hear. This movie is also a bargain.  I purchsed it in a store for $25.00 so you can see how much you  save.<br />DONT BUY THIS MOVIE AT YOUR OWN PERIL! <br />5  STARS! <br />GO-GO-GO-GO-JOSEPH!
B00000JNO2|5.0|Some of Skynyrd's other albums had bigger hits like Free Bird and Sweet Home Alabama but this is their best all around. Once you've heard these songs, they never leave you.
B000001ELR|5.0|FINALLY!  After the bland Elder,Dynasty and Unmasked albums, KISS crashed back to reallity and knew they had to regain the fan base that made them stars in the first place. Without ACE and without Peter, KISS went into the  studio with a single mission, TO ROCK! This is probably the heaviest album  they ever did. I Love it Loud, War MAchine, Rock and Roll Hell are the  staples here. Vinnie Vincient was the guitarist on this album even though  ACE was on the cover. I don't know why they had re-released this album in  the eighties with an 'Unmasked' photo featuring Bruce Kulick. Anyway I'm  glad they went back to the original one. This album rocks hard and it's  great to drive to. The only part I usually skip is I Still Love You. It's  another Paul ballad that Vinnie actually co-wrote. I really don't like it.  It just seems to last forever with Paul screaming the song title. The only  good part of the tune is Eric's cannon-like drumming. His drumming style is  felt all through the album. KIS had finally let him loose and the album  sounds good because of it. Unfortunately, KISS fans at this point was so  sick of 'pop' disappointments, that they didn't even give this record a  chance. In fact the 10th year anniversary was cut short and cancelled while  touring behind this album. Thank goodness this classic has been  rediscovered.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against The Machine is one of the few bands around who not only create excellent music, they also send a powerful message.  On this CD they explore the danger of letting the establishment control your thoughts,  while mixing the lyrics with enough great music to keep you rocking all  night.
B000000H7I|5.0|Man this is the best record I have heard in a long time.  My intro to Suffocation was &quot;Breeding the Spawn&quot; and this is so much better (and BTS was great).  Their sense of melody is unparallelled, and unlike  some death metal, each song incoroprates different ideas while still  maintaining the same style.  It is unbeleivable that people give more  credit to bands like In Flames than this brilliant piece of work.
B00000255F|5.0|Springsteen really faltered once he &quot;made it&quot; with Born in the USA (and on.) But he was ruled in the 70's,  and Born to Run was not only his, but rock's crown achievement.  If an alien was to land and inquire,  &quot;what is rock 'n roll,&quot; Born to Run would suffice as an answer.  Sringsteen even leaves Dylan in the dust on this one; I can't think of a  more powerful artistic portrayal of the great potential of that youthful  need to break free of everything we all end up being anyway. Thunder Road  is simply the finest, most powerful, most beautiful song ever written.  There are a few things one needs in life to function:  a copy of Kerouac's  On the Road, the libraries of Hendrix, Joplin and Morrison, and, of course,  Born to Run.  Everything else is just icing on the damn cake.
B000000W6F|5.0|This album would be totally perfect if it had the song &quot;Drown&quot; from the sound track &quot;Singles&quot; as the final number. However, after you finish listening to this album that will be the last thing on  your mind. This album was done long before old Corgy went bald and turned  into a hyper-goth-phyco-rock star. He may be a nice guy but he sure lost  what ever it was that created this album. Which should be placed on the  shelve or in the cd player right next to Led-Zep, Floyd, or any other  essential rock classic you might have.
B00000DFTG|5.0|rightey-o. you'll notice that i gave this album five stars, which will make my first few statements about it seem a little strange, but i want to be honest about the whole thing, because i don't want anyone being  deceived. ozzy's voice has gotten lower, and he sings off key here and  there. he changes two songs notably because of his lower voice. they are  &quot;spiral architect&quot; and &quot;sabbath, bloody sabbath&quot;. bill  ward seems to be getting tired out. this seems to be most notable in the  song &quot;behind the wall of sleep&quot;, which is really too bad, because  the original drumming for it was great. aside from that, the performers  seem to me to have done very well aside from an occasional slip-up here and  there. ozzy talks a lot in between songs, but that doesn't bother ME  personally at all. why? because the songs are great, and you can tell he's  getting the crowd riled up. i've got all of black sabbath's stuff with ozzy  (and even some without), and this is probably my favorite album of theirs.  the recording is good, the songs are really strong, and iommi is still a  god. &quot;spiral architect&quot; and &quot;dirty women&quot; both get  touched up some, and the renditions on this album are freaking great! the  whole album really rocks, and the new studio tracks sound very good aside  from a little over-cheeziness in the lyrics of &quot;psycho man&quot;. the  album is really just amazing in my opinion, despite the fact that some of  the band members aren't as good as they used to be. if you're the type of  person who gets easily irritated by mistakes or talking on albums, don't  waste your time/money, because you'll just end up nit-picking and whining  the whole time like a little school girl who didn't get the cookies she  wanted. (yes, that's directed toward the whiny nit-pickers in some previous  reviews) that's about all i've got to say about it.
0440234743|3.0|Average Grisham. Not much more to say. His books all seem pretty much the same. In this case, the best part of the book is the first couple of chapters, after that it's downhill.
B00003W8NM|5.0|My friends and i have dubbed this movie &quot;addreneline on a reel.&quot; It's like a kick in the pants. You come out with your testosterone raging, and you want to do all the crazy things that you always imagined but never  actually did (like find out how fast your car really goes). Not to say this  is a movie only for guys. Everyone i took to see this movie, females  included, wanted to see it again, at least once. I saw it three times in  regualar theatres and at least six more times at the dollar; i lost track.  The dialoge is brilliant,  the cenematogrophy is better, the casting is  perfect, the soundtrack is pumping and, i don't care what anyone else says,  the ending is JUST COOL. If you ever wondered what its like to be a skizoid  insnomiac sociopath with violent tendencies, see this movie.
0672506696|5.0|The Fountainhead is an excellent book for many different kinds of people, this is one of the few Classics that truly inspired me.  The romantic (as in the genre, not love) character of Howard Roark and his struggles to go beyond the ideals that everyone else has always held on to, to achieve the  ultimate in architecture.  He attempts to add a new idea to the world, and  it won't accept it.
6305750750|5.0|Sorry, people but open your eyes, a lot of Non- &quot;Star Wars&quot; nerds loved this movie. As a teenage movie watcher and star wars FAN (not NERD), I can say that this movie appealed to lots and lots of teenagers,  who in my opinion were the most important target audience of this movie  becuase the Star Wars audience needs to be replenished with new fans to  help make the next pre-quels successful.<br />   The movie was awesome, Lucas  continued to take his imagination to the limit by creating dazzeling CGI  characters (Jar Jar too, hes not that annoying so quit talking about him  and get used to him), once the next two movies are out and we are able to  see the entire saga all the way thru in order, we will appreciate them  more.<br /> And whats all this moaning and complaining about how &quot;Lucas  ruined the Star Wars Movies&quot;,&quot;Lucas Wake Up! ( cause there is no  DVD)&quot; and so much other stuff that is so disrespectiful and  ungrateful. Star Wars is property of George Lucas' Imagination, he can take  the story where ever he wants it to go! Our only role in Star Wars is to  sit back and enjoy the ride.<br />  Lucas Spent YEARS, HOURS AND HOURS EVERY  DAY to make these films for our enjoyment and what do you do? Say they are  worth a cent and make it seem like he owes us something? NO,IF ANYTHING WE  OWE HIM A LOT MORE THAN HE OWES US! (IF HE OWES US ANYTHING IN THE FIRST  PLACE,  I THINK HE DOESN'T, HES GIVEN US TOO MUCH)
B000002HRE|3.0|Metallica is the greatest metal band of them all. This 1997 release, however, is not one of their career highlights. Nevertheless, it is a solid hard rock album. Don't bother with the &quot;s&quot; word, it doesn't apply  here. This album is an experimentation with another type of sound, more  bluesy and less metallic. In the 80's, the band was known for it's sharp,  guitar driven attack. This album seems to be more driven by rhythym, and  Lars Ulrich's driving beat. Highlights include &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;The  Memory Remains&quot;, the album's best song, &quot;The Unforgiven II&quot;,  &quot;Devil's Dance&quot;, &quot;Slither&quot;, and &quot;Fixxer&quot;. I  believe this one is better, overall, than Load. However, Metallica was so  good at thrash, and had the sound perfected by the late 80's, that we all  hope they continue in that proficiency on their next original album.
0790725657|4.0|This was a great movie to watch with my little sister.  It was the type of fairytale story we could both enjoy.  Liesel Matthews is such a talented actress.  She was perfect in this role.  I think every child, and every  adult can relate to something in this movie.  Whether it be the fact that a  war has forced a man to leave his child at a boarding school, or a young  girl having to adjust to new friends,a bully, and a mean-spirited  head-mistress of the school. Through all this young girl endures, she keeps  a positive attitude and survives.  Very uplifting for the young.
0671015206|5.0|DO NOT BUY THIS BOOK if you cherish the fantasy that&quot;consume&quot; (or &quot;spend&quot;) and &quot;accumulate&quot; are synonyms.  You will not like the book.  You will be throwing your money away.  And if this book is accurate, you do not have any money to spare.<br />BUY THIS BOOK if you habitually save more than 5% of your paycheck and need a pep-talk.  This book will assure you that it is all worthwhile.  You are not alone.  Soldier on.<br />BUY FIVE COPIES OF THIS BOOK if you know five young people and wish that you had started saving earlier in life.  In American culture, the message to consume is pervasive and this book provides a weighty counterargument<br />Obviously, I subscribe to the message in the book. For my part, I am extremely grateful to those who taught me the folk wisdom enshrined in The Millionaire Next Door.  END
B0000047CW|5.0|So cool.  Put this on and you won't need any air conditioning.  Now that's cool!
0920668372|5.0|I read this book for our library read-a-thon last year.  I made up a tune to the words &quot;Love you forever, like you for always...&quot;  As I read the book outloud to my audience I sang the song each time it appeared in the text.  By the end of my reading there wasn't a dry eye in the house.  Everyone was so moved by this touching little story!  A great book to read  aloud!
B00000J7J4|2.0|I go in a record shop on  saturday and ask Joe me  question. what you think  I like. SAntana. Me say's  Me never heard of santana.  But me get anyway. It ok.  But me say's as fiona says  he need paper bag.
B000002AHC|5.0|I have loved this album for over 20 years, finding it in a bin of used records and paying $0.99 for it on a whim.  I eventually wore out the vinyl and was extremely pleased to find it out on CD.  From Artificial Energy to  Goin'Back to Draft Morning to Wasn't Born to Follow each track is monument  to excellent song writing and incredible production values.  Sounds every  bit as fresh now as it did when I first listened to it.  A wonderful segue  from the Byrds of top-40 radio to the Byrds of country rock with little  tid-bits of pychedelia thrown in for good measure.  An absolute treasure  that holds up better than most better known album of the 60's. Whenever I  play it for friends the reaction is the same:  &quot;who is this,this  sounds great&quot;.  Buy it. Now.
0783226004|5.0|This is by far my favorite movie.  And on DVD its even better. Great plot and excellent cast.  The movie's portrayal of the government is quite right.   Great movie.  Every one should watch it once.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|waste of film in history.<br />OK, maybe the Incredible Two-headed Transplant was worse. . . maybe not.  From Will Smith I expect this type of infantile mugging posing and pubescent &quot;humor&quot;.  <br />But Kevin Kline is a  wonderful actor who should know better.  I cannot possible express the  venom  I'd like to spew at this one.<br />The only problem is I can't rate it  in negative numbers.  &lt;sigh&gt;
B00000ADG2|5.0|say WOOORD. Everyone who cop'd this album no's the magnitude of how beautifully it was put together. This cd has songs for everyone, I love this cd so much, I didn't even listen to music till this cd, It changed my life. Such a positive young black woman, making way for us to follow.  If  20 yrs I will still be rocking this album! This is a MUST HAVE.
B000008H1Y|5.0|&quot;Songs From The Wood&quot; was sort of a strange album to me at first, since all the reviews had raved about it being brilliant. When I first listened to it, I was NOT completely blown-away, and a little  disappointed. But after many listenings (hundreds by now!), I have realized  what all the fuss is about this album. This is a brilliant work of amazing  music and imagery, one that begins to reveal itself over a period of time  (like many great albums). There are so many subtleties, that one doesn't  truly begin to &quot;understand&quot; this album until multiple listenings.  Ian's music is truly brilliant, and the lyrics alone are beautiful poetry.  I own the &quot;Original Master Recording Gold CD&quot;, and while it  sounds fine indeed, I believe this album and many other Tull records are in  dire need of remastering. Still buy it, it's amazing!
B00001ZWTT|1.0|lousy movie of the year.<br />Make that the decade. . .  do I hear century? Millennium?  OK, Will Smith I can believe. . but Kevin Kline is SO FAR above this tripe, I feel sorry for him having his name on it.
B000002NFM|4.0|I first heard Prodigy in Chicago last year. My buddy and I were going to see Meat Beat Manifesto and we arrivied late. We saw Prodigy. That was the loudest, heaviest, head banging music  I have ever heard.  My ears were ringing for daze! I loved it! I just recently bought the cd because I have not been getting  enough techno in my diet. I bought several cd's and Fat of the Land is by  far the deepest bass that will rock your neighborhood. Turn it up and your  friends will hear you coming from miles away! I've been told that this  music kills more brain cells then mushrooms but has less calories than a  Guniess!
B000002LQR|5.0|After nine years I still can't put it away.
630575067X|2.0|I know that everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but I just don't understand how anybody, especially Star Wars fans, can watch this film and not feel disappointed and cheated.  What a bad movie!  Besides the exciting  pod race scene, Liam Neeson as Qui-Gonn Jinn and the all-too-short jedi  battle at the film's ending(isn't it very un-Jedi-like to tag up on an  opponent?), 'Menace' is boring, hokey and extremely frustrating to watch.   And I am praying to every single saint that I can think of that Lucas DOES  NOT tackle the roles of screenwriter and director for the next two films.   Maybe hand those chores over to the likes of Lawrence Kasden(screenwriter  of 'Empire')to write it or Frank Darabont to direct.  Maybe this way, we  won't have to watch ANOTHER big space battle finale or ANOTHER villain  falling down a bottomless chasm, and we'll get something done with a little  bit more style and originality instead of self-repetition and uninspired  storytelling.
0312243022|5.0|This is a book to savor for its craftsmanship and its startlingly simple, and at the same time, profound observations.  The language ripples across the page and across time, mirroring the complexities of the book which  inspired it.  I was moved so many times; it is a book which I am sure I  will re-visit.
B000002H6C|5.0|There were probably a lot of people that wondered what Metallica would be like without bassist Cliff Burton.  I think that AJFA showed that Metallica did indeed survive that terrible loss, and it was possibly this album that  engraved their name forever in music history.  If you ask people what they  think of when they hear the name 'Metallica,' many of them will probably  say &quot;Enter Sandman.&quot;  However, I think that &quot;One&quot; would  probably the second thing you would hear the most often.  One was the first  Metallica song to have a true music video, and it was also performed at the  Grammy awards, and won for the best Heavy Metal song of the year. One is  the song that made Metallica seem like a more legitimate band, when many  people wouldn't accept them because of their rough exterior.  Another  amazing fact is that despite getting minimal radio or MTV play, AJFA  debuted very high on the billboard charts, and to this day has sold over 7  million copies, the second most for a metallica album.  Enough about  commercial success, onto the songs.  Obviously One is one of the albums  biggest highlights.  It features, in my opinion, one of the greatest guitar  solos EVER, not to mention fantastic lyrics.  Other highlights on the album  include the title track, which is a weighty 9:43 minutes long.  The solo on  &quot;eye of the beholder&quot; is a memorable moment on the album, as is  the simply BEAUTIFUL instrumental &quot;To Live is to Die.&quot;  It has  many changes of pace, and even features violins at one point, and accoustic  guitars at both the beginning and end of the song.  If there was one track  that could probably have been left off I think it would be Harvester of  Sorrow.  This song just never really caught on with me.  Nonetheless, this  album is truly fantastic, with great solos, variety, and some very deep  politically-motivated lyrics.  I really recommend this album.
6302732875|5.0|Glengarry Glen Ross is not so much a scathing attack on capitalism as it is on human nature. Considering that extremists on any political issue have more in common with each other then anyone else, in the same way Capitalism  which as an idealogy is meant to free people from being slaves to Big  brother, to introduce natural human emotions such as the desire to succeed  in to business,but when taken to an extreme extreme makes slaves out of  people to a different big brother, the marketplace.<br />  In the film there  are only two kind of people in this world, 1-Closers 2-Losers. These are  the only standards by which these men are measured and therefore everything  and anything is allowed to get into that first category. In the course of  this movie characters will lie(they do that so often it seems silly to  write it), steal make subtle sexual advances to their clients in order to  get them &quot;to sign on the line which is dotted.&quot;<br />  Every single  performance in the movie is brilliant, any of which that on its own in any  other movie would garauntee an oscar nomination. Since they are all in one  movie, the academy had to chose one, Al Pacino which in my opinion was the  wrong choice. Not that he isn't brilliant, but I would choose Jack Lemmon  who gives a heartbreaking ultra realistic performance as Shelly &quot;the  machine&quot; Levine. In one scene towards the end, and I'm not giving  anything away here, he is in a lot of trouble, his friend Ricky  Roma(Pacino) doesn't know it and is babbling about how they should team up  and work togather. He smiles softly and doesn't tell him about the jam he's  in. You'll have to see it. Brilliant stuff.<br /> Elsewhere the film is a  verbal dance from start to finsh, dialogue that is a pleasure to listen to.  This film has got to hold some sort of record in &quot;most four lettered  words uttered in a movie&quot; category . Not only is the colorful language  frequent but peppered with extremely creative variations. Al Pacino's rain  of insults on Kevin Spacey at one point will have you laughing, shivering  and embarassed for the poor guy. The only quam I have with this movie is  that it ends too soon and kind of abruptly, but honestly when you're  complaining about a movie being too short you know you're onto something  truely special.
B00000163G|5.0|What an album. I cant explain the hype 2pac brang to rap. Alone he has infulenced many of us out there.. I believe he got some white boys like me into rap. Well I recommend you listen to every sog in a row without stoping  inbetween. than pick your favorite songs. All of us have different tasts.  My favorite song was not even a hit. This is the best all 2pac album. Also  his deput with Death Row records. With guests like snoop doggy dogg, he  gives other rappers another way to be expresesed, with the number1 rapper.
B000002B2T|4.0|I bought this CD because I saw that Layne Staley of Alice In Chains and Mike McCready of Pearl Jam were in the band. I wasn't expecting much, because side-projects don't live up to people's expectations usually, but  this ine does and it does it quite well. The first track, Wake Up, is a  great slow, moody song. I didn't think Layne Staley's vocals suited the  style of music at first, but I warmed to it and love the album now.
0517122707|5.0|Very funny book! I enjoyed reading Ignatius's comments in particular. He uses the most complicated terms to say one simple word!  This brings up some of the problems in modern society with the touch of humor and comedy.   Very smart!
B00000JCOV|1.0|The biggest load of rubbish I have ever heard. This is nine men smashing as much noise out of instruments as they can and putting it all together in one big mess. And I thought Atari Teenage Riot were bad?
B00000K0EA|4.0|Tomorrow Never Dies is a Bond movie too tragically caught by the 90's. The script was excellent on Bruce Fierstein's part, it's just that the storyline was slightly off par. Being a die hard James Bond fan, who is  currently writing a book on him, I must say this movie was not one of the  better ones.    The vilain, superbly played by Jonathan Pryce was a  contemporary of the 90's. Although his way of doing it was unexpected, his  plan was not at all original. The best part of the film was the opening  sequence, which was Bruce Fierstein's brainchild. It displayed a classic  element of Bond as well as adding an ultramodern twist.    A good movie,  just not one of the better Bond films. To get a truly &quot;Bondian&quot;  feel, read the novel by my good friend Raymond Benson.
0783240503|5.0|I have wanted to see this musical for the last year, and was overjoyed when I heard that 'Great Performances' would be showing it on April 5th. After a gruling two weeks, the big day came. I watched with unblinking eyes  trough the entire show. I thought it was one of the greatest shows I have  ever seen on 'Great Performances', apart from 'Cats' of course. If I could  give it higher then 5 stars, I would. Though the Mrs. Potiphar's scene I  have to admit was a little on the personal side, it didn't really show  anything. Her servents costumes were NOT see through, they were just white  mesh with extremly small holes between the fabric thread. I would recomond  this to anyone that wants to watch and listen to a really upbeat musical  that you just have to get up and dance to. If I could find it on video  around my town and if I had the money to buy it, I would.
0767851900|5.0|This is the best movie that  I have every seen!  It is worth every penny, and this won't kill you to see it!  I WANT EVERYONE TO SEE THIS MOVIE!   I am very tired of people putting this movie down, I guarantee if you see  it you will love it!  Snoogins!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Eden is a work of art. Sarah's voice, despite what less educated people may say, is hauntingly beautiful. In the past some of her work may not have been as quality but through years of training and growing she's blossomed  into a true diva. Her style is unlike any other performer in opera or  musical theatre. she is not unlike Andrew Loyd Webber, bringing a crossover  of pop into the opera world. She has an incredible range. Her voice has  always held a very pure tone which is part of the reson she has enjoyed so  much success. Every song on Eden is beautiful and I never get tired of  listening to this album. She's worked hard for a very long time and has  earned my respect. You go Sarah!
6305750750|3.0|I purchased both the pan and scan and widescreen versions.  This movie has so much going on, that you miss ALOT with the pan and scan.  Spend the money and get the widescreen version so you can see the movie the way it  was meant to be seen.  The overall quality of the video is average.  George  Lucas has always preached technology and in his film making has demanded  the highest quality. He has praised new computer and digital technology in  filmaking.  Why he did not release this movie on DVD is beyond me.  With  this release George Lucas has not lived up to his reputation of giving us  the highest quality entertainment.  VHS can in no way compare to DVD  picture quality and dolby digital 5.1 sound.  A few years down the road he  will re-release this movie on DVD and make us pay again.  I loved the movie  in the theatre because the sound and picture quality was so overwhelming.  Unfortunalty, the VHS just cannot live up to this movie. The movie gets  five stars, the video gets 3
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is an awesome movie. This has a great plot, great acting, and last but definatly not least it has great special effects. This is definatly a must see movie. I reccomend it highly.
0385486804|5.0|I have come to realize that Alex may be one of the few souls on this planet who understands the meaning of life. Does having a 9-5 job and owning all the newest possesions mean that you are alive? He was a brave  soul who looked beyond the consumer life of America, and lead his life how  he wanted. This was truly a beautiful book written by one of my favorite  authors. Always remember, &quot;All men die, but not all men truly  live.&quot;
6304698755|5.0|the may be my favorite holiday movie, easily beating out It's a Wonderful Life and edging out a Miracle on 34th Street (the Year w/o Santa is great fun, too with the Heat and Cold Measers, i bet those tunes are running in  your head right now!).<br />the story is about the visitation of an Angel,  'Dudley,' (Cary Grant) to the local parish, in answer to the Bishop's  (David Nivens) prayer. the Bishop's wife (Loretta Young), becomes a focal  point on what is important but taken for granted.<br />i can't think of anyone  else who could so admirely portray the role of Dudley. In a wonderfully low  key performance and really good direction, Grant gives the subtle  impression of someone always having an 'awareness' of things happening or  just about to happen -- Grant never looks directly at those things that he  is affecting, never drawing the attention of the other characters.<br />if you  have never seen this movie, you are really missing out on a charming story  that is never too preachy (the story of the shepherd's song and the last  sermon are nicely delivered). if you have seen it, well ... you need no  'guidance'
B000002JPA|5.0|Even those choice words aren't sophisticated enough for this spectacular album. It took a couple of listenings to soak in, but it's well worth it. With smart lyrics, complex musical arrangements, and excellent  performances, I am surprised this album didn't gain the band worldwide  recognition.  I was particularly impressed with the various time signature  changes.  Not since Rush have I seen more complex time signatures and  rhythms.  What a refreshing change from the boring 4/4 hip-hop music of  today.
0691023565|5.0|In fact, do you want to be a robot? I talked to a woman who took a whole semester in computer science and came out learning nothing. She told me this. My love affair with Real Math started with this book in a library. I  was reading a book which had a bunch of interviews with the most successful  programmers in the world. One was Czech and I do not remember his name. But  he was asked the following question. &quot;What in your opinion is the  biggest mistake that programmers are doing in their educations or their  work today?&quot; He answered, &quot;It's simple. They don't know how to  solve problems. At our company, we have some simple books that tell you how  to do this. The best is Polya's 'How to Solve It'. It has a little diagram  in the back that completely runs you through a series of questions on  solving math problems. But even in schools, they don't take this approach.  Everything is by rote and repetition! You solve a problem and YOU DON'T  KNOW WHAT YOU SOLVED! We have a lot of these little books.&quot; The late  Isaac Asimov wrote a beautiful little book called &quot;The Realm of  Algebra&quot;. It's out of print. But he explains the entire realm of  algebra in something like 150 pages. The best book I've ever seen about  math. Math can be fun. Programming can be fun. But only if you ask Polya's  questions in the back of this book. &quot;What do I have to do to make this  problem complete?&quot; &quot;What is missing from this problem?&quot;  &quot;What could I add to make this problem solved?&quot; A two page  diagram in the back. And everybody knows that programming is just  &quot;crummy mathematics&quot;. BUY THE BOOK! BUY THE BOOK! BUY THE BOOK!.  2 pages in the end of this book and at least 50% of your math/programming  problems are down the drain. Buy the books for your son if you are a Betty  Crocker. Or your daughter. Or they will end up in the &quot;Valley of the  Dead&quot;. Solving problems in school for years and years and simply not  knowing what they did! Good luck. Oh yes. One last thing. BUY THE BOOK!ng what they did! Good luck. Oh yes. One last thing. BUY THE BOOK!
B000002JPA|5.0|I was hooked from the first note until the last.  The musical talents of this group are very apparent.  I can only compare the drumming ability of Mike Portnoy to that of Neil Peart of Rush.  While the lead vocals are an  octave too high for my taste, I still find myself replaying this album over  and over again.  Any true Rush fan will appreciate and enjoy Dream Theater.
B000007U6W|4.0|This album's not for everybody. However, I first heard it in 1974 and considering what the electronic scene was then, it was great.  The 22-minute title track is great, but the second side tends towards some murky doodling, with  Kometenmelodie II and Morganspaziergang waking everybody back up. I'm glad to see it re-issued on  CD. And to anybody for whom this makes want to 'dress in plastic and go to  a gay German bar', maybe those tendencies were already there...
B00000AFWW|4.0|Celebrity Skin is a wonderful, especially poetic album which deserves more good things said of it. Hole are just improving. They aren't getting worse as most bands do.
B000003S5H|5.0|This is has been my absolute favorite CD for about the last couple months.  It's sound is modern and electronic, yet smooth and relaxing.  I also find the woman's voice in All I Need and You Make It Easy to be especially  comforting.  The whole CD seems virtually seamless to me.
B0000009OU|4.0|If you are in a party mood, this is definitely a record to play. The variation between tracks is not that great but that is not the most critical issue hear because most of the songs are really good.  The extra  tracks add soemthing sepcial especially the last three acoustic ones as I  never pictured Elvis as an acoustic artist.  He does quite well in that  realm.  However, Pump It Up, Lip Service, and No Action are my three faves  on this one.  Elvis really puts alot of effort into this one and that will  make it a good deal for most record collections.
0151001820|3.0|I have to say that this book set itself up extremely well.  I also really like the main character, Corso, as well as all of the characters that the author surrounded him with.  Unfortunately, even though this book untangled  its many webs pretty well, it still got caught up towards the end.   Overall, great setup and great characters, but the final delivery was weak.   The finale was not as disappointing as the movie (ALL of which was bad  except for Depp's accurate portrayal of Corso), but it was not as good as  it should've been.
0684872153|4.0|Frank McCourt has a unique writing style.  He does a very good job of getting his points across.  Some parts are hilarious and others are depressing, but all-in-all, it's worth well worth it.
0800136586|5.0|One of my favorite movie's.I enjoy the songs,the laughter,the character, and the lines. I like the songs Tomorrow,We Got Annie,Its A Hard Not Life and Dumb Dog.When I watched this on The Disney Channel I've only got to  watch half of it.
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is a book about a boy named Jonas who lives in an utopian community without pain, crimes, colers and where everything's the same. What I liked most was the relationship between Jonas and the Giver. They helped each other to cope with the memories of wars or pain and joined the  memories of snow, sun and happiness. I would like to know what happened to  the community after Jonas escaped from it to show the people in it the  reality. Our reality. It's interestingt to think about it...
0767836286|4.0|This was one of the few movies that has ever scared me!  It brings you face to face with the true monsters of the world!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Before O.K. Computer came out I thought there was no hope for modern music.  Groups like Radiohead, Ben Harper and a few others shine light on the dark mediocraty of modern music.  O.K. Computer is one of the best  albums ever and everyone should own a copy.
B00000K0DT|5.0|Like another reviewer below, I had to go and read the one-star reviews and try to fathom the damage these folks have sustained prior to watching the film.  I count these rather faint strikes being marked against a fantastic  film:<br />1.  &quot;No 5.1 sound!&quot;  Oh boo hoo!  It also did not have  Leonardo di Caprio   If fancy sound is why you would buy this, you're  clearly not getting the point.  Go buy Titanic and The Matrix.<br />2.   &quot;I knew what was coming&quot;  yeah, right!   :)  If that's so, why do  we see you at the convenience store buying lottery tickets every danged  day?<br />Sadly, too many people have already commented on &quot;the  twist&quot;, which only excites speculation amongst those who have not seen  it and will lead to premonition in a sad number of cases.  But what I love  about this film is the CHILL I get (I've seen this maybe 6 times over the  years) each time when the characters come to realize the situation for what  it is.  This scene makes my neck hairs stand on end, and it is one entirely  devoid of action.  <br />THAT is the sort of depth of awe this film elicits  from me, and (judging from the stars) is why to get the film.  It's just  sad that the buzz that there is a twist to this film may ruin it for some.   Give it a try.
8478884955|5.0|Excellent reading for everyone.  The plot was well deveoped and the narrative descriptive and colorful. The characters are so well defined you feel as though you know them and they become friends or enemies.  Just when you think you know where the plot is headed it diverts and takes a  completely different direction.  The book keeps you guessing, thinking and  feeling. Its a &quot;must have&quot; for every young person's collection.
B000002L71|5.0|One of the best live albums ever-Stop Making Sense is still worth a listen-and often.  I was really disappointed when Talking Heads split up(due to personality conflicts)but at least they left a good volume of  work behind them.  David Byrne is probably one of the most cerebral of rock  stars and was always way ahead of his time.  This album comes highly  recommended.
B00000IL31|1.0|Well I have the original version of the Undertow cd which by the way is fantastic. But I wanted an edited version so I could play the cd in public without offending people by the profanity. I was sorely dissapointed when this cd arrived in the mail. The music is not censored at all. Only the  artwork. So now I have 2 copies of the cd. That is totally unacceptable and I don't  think it should be sold as an &quot;edited&quot; version. It's a friggin  trick.
B000005C1B|5.0|Roy Orbison was joined by a classic lineup of friends for this soundtrack-and what a lineup it was-Bruce Springsteen, Elvis Costello, Bonnie Raitt, J. D. Souther, k d lang, and many other greats.  Every song  is great, but the room really exploded upon hearing those first jangling  chords of Oh, Pretty Woman-which sounds better live than the studio  version.  This is a live performance cd that is highly recommended,  especially for fans of the late, great Roy Orbison.
0783240503|5.0|I love musicals but hate them on tape, so I was prepared to hate this one also. But I think this video format is far superior to just taping a staged performance. When I first viewed the tape I was disappointed with the  narrator, but on second and yes third viewing I had a much more favorable  opinion. The &quot;stagey&quot; performances that say a Sam Harris or  Laurie Beecham would have turned in would have been out of place in this  format. The costumes for The Mrs Potiphar girls were exactly like the ones  on stage and not a problem to me. And by the way Donny Osmond was  Wonderful!  every word was crystal clear but yet musically beautiful.  What  a set of pipes and not bad to look at either.
6304711921|5.0|I incredibly enjoyed this movie. Although Tim Burton did notdirect it, I still consider it his best work as well as the best workof composer Danny Elfman. If you are a Burton fan and you havn't seen The Nightmare Before Christmas, BUY IT NOW! And if you arn't a Burton fan, buy it anyway! It is the most brilliant animated film since Fantasia.  END
630575067X|4.0|I liked the movie.  And I'm not just saying that because I'm a huge Star Wars fan... I seriously liked the movie.  The only reason why so many people didn't like it was because everyone was expecting such a great movie  and the movie just turned out to be good.  <br />Oh, and another thing.   Everyone is complaining about George Lucas not releasing it on DVD... Well  he said in an interview that he was planning something special for DVD.   So, wait a while and see what he has planned.
B000001E77|4.0|Preceded by the landmark 2-l.p. &quot;The Payback&quot; and prior to the popular &quot;Get Up Offa That Thing&quot; and several other impressive studio efforts, &quot;Hell&quot; somehow got misplaced somewhere in the  Soul Album Pantheon. It continued the trend of more mellow, melodic, and  lyrically deeper James Brown music, probably the result of some Soul  searching for a less strident sound - the &quot;riffin' - ravin'&quot;  James seemed to suddenly transform into a more considered artist.  (Ofcourse, that is a matter of taste - I'll still listen to &quot;Mother  Popcorn&quot; any time of day!). In any event, this second in a row 2-l.p.  set contains some of his most complex and impressive tracks: the  attractively arranged opener &quot;Coldblooded&quot;; the title tune, which  should have become a staple of Progressive F.M. at the time; &quot;Sayin'  And Doin' It&quot;, to me a ready made Top 20 duet with Lyn Collins;  &quot;Don't Tell A Lie About Me And I Won't Tell The Truth About You&quot;,  a slow funk with one of the most entertaining intros in music history. As  far as the expected recuts, my favorite is the third remake of  &quot;Sometime&quot; (originally recorded in 1958 as &quot;It Was  You&quot;, then done as &quot;Sometime&quot; in 1969)- it's a simple,  affecting ballad. The much-revisited &quot;I Can't Stand Myself (When You  Touch Me&quot; is here presented as &quot;I Can't Stand It '76', and it's  8:08 of controlled mayhem - everybody's got to hear this one, if only for  the JB/Maceo/John Morgan interplay.
0671045725|5.0|All Highschool and College students must read this book.  The sacrafices made will NEVER be Forgotten. Being a Firefighter/Paramedic I especially admired the dedication and heroism of all the combat medics and how they continuously cared for their fallen brothers during the thickest of battle.    YOU ALL ROCK!
6305627347|5.0|SOUTH PARK IS REALLY FUNNY, HIGHLY EDUCATION, APPEALS TO CHILDREN AND ADULTS, APPEALS TO CANADIANS, AND ALSO APPEALS TO ME.
0783240503|5.0|I have seen numerous productions of Joseph on stage, both in local theatre and in London and I have heard many differnt versions on CD.  I loved Donny Osmond as Joseph, he has the most incredible voice.  The rest of the cast  was equally outstanding.    I have two children ages 7 and 9 and they have  already watched it 4 times since we received the DVD a week ago.  I wasn't  sure how the show would play on a television screen, but it was wonderful.   Even my husband enjoyed it -- and he is not a musical theatre fan at all.  All in all a GREAT show!
0440219078|3.0|&quot;The Giver&quot; deals with a very strange world where people have to follow a lot of rules to build a painless society! I can't decide if this novel is mainly written for  children or adults. I suppose, it's very interesting to compare our today's world with the Givers's society but the  story is a little bit boring. I think, the philosophical aspects (e.g.  talking about love) are mainly adults' topics while the story is written in  such a simple style that even young children may understand and that  doesn't really satisfy me. Coming to conclusion,  &quot;The Giver&quot; has  a lot of interesting aspects of social and philosophical topics but the  story is too simple to be exciting.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I completely don't understand why the first single off this record was &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, when it is, by far, the worst song on the cd.  The rest of the album, however, is excellent.  Definitely worth buying.
0553208845|5.0|I've read thousands of books with topics that span philosopy, religion, classic literature, bestsellers, etc.  I spent 8 years of my career in publishing.  This is without question, the greatest book I have ever read.  It is the only book I have ever read twice.  I'm jealous of people who have  not yet read it, because the feeling one gets from reading it for the first  time is similar to catching a first wave.
B0000024TQ|5.0|First of all, I wanted to correct the other reviewer who stated that Garfunkel is obsessed w/death. It's actually Paul who is, he's said it in many interviews. Anyway, I think that this is the best compilation of the  extraordinary harmonies the two have. They don't take themselves too  seriously, yet have intelligent lyrics. Fakin' It and Mrs. Robinson are  probably my two fave songs. I have all the albums but if I would reccomend  just one, this would be it!
B000001EAQ|3.0|In the early 90s, U2 pulled off one of the most intrepid and complete reinventions ever.  With Achtung Baby, U2 ditched their 3 chord melodies and piousness (both of which had become tedious) for truly inventive music.   Though clearly influenced by Eno, this was neither techno nor ambient  music.  Achtung Baby combined alluring strings and sythesizers with kinetic  dance beats to create music that is dense and compelling.  Thematically U2,  abandoned religiousity for the personal; sometimes funny, sometimes  flirtatious, sometimes blind with passion, but always effective.  On  Zooropa, they made a boldly experimental record that expanded and enhanced  the ideas of Baby.  Though not as consistent, Zooropa does contain some of  U2's best songs.  The string/synthesizer arrangement by Eno on the 7 minute  gem &quot;Lemon&quot; is among the most daring and unchartered music in the  history of pop. The closer (&quot;The Wanderer&quot;) features Johnny Cash  in one of his strangest, best performances. <br />On Pop, U2 usually  assimilate their sound to the stylings of techno rather than create  something new.  In fact, U2 often strip away the radical elements of the  best techno artists (Chemical Bros., Moby).  Often, they just add a little  techno flavor to their standard 3-chord fare.  Take away a few synthesizers  and many of the songs sound like dated 80's U2 (&quot;If God Will Send His  Angels&quot;, &quot;Staring at the Sun&quot;).  <br />Some of the songs do  work quite well.  &quot;If You Wear That Velvet Dress&quot; is supple,  delicate and hypnotic.  &quot;Please&quot; starts quietly and effectively  builds to a chaotic finish.  The dance rhythms of &quot;Do You Feel  Loved?&quot; work well with the sexually playful lyrics (Bono sings about  S&amp;M/bondage in a casual, almost comical manner).  More often than not  U2 simply copy techno ideas without really inventing anything.<br />What is  really disconcerting about Pop is the  digression of U2's lyrics.  Pop is  plagued by trite references to God, Jesus, and other religious themes that  U2 thought wisely to abandon after Joshua Tree.  As they showed on Achtung  Baby and Zooropa, U2 are at their best when they avoid ponderous religious  ideas.  The best material on Pop avoids overt religious themes, or else is  skeptical about the effectiveness of religion in the information age  (&quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot;).<br />On Pop, U2 seem to be a band that has  stalled or else run out of ideas.  One missing element that is glaringly  obvious is the production of Brian Eno.  Eno often acted as a de facto 5th  member (esp. on Zooropa).  In doing so he not only helped lay fertile  musical soil, but also prevented U2 from slipping into tedious pretense  (usually).  On Pop, Howie B fails to do this and the result is an album  that is sporadically great but finds U2 wallowing in their worst impulses  too often.
B00004KD1L|5.0|I bought this after a friend of mine recommended it. It's great! Of the 13 tracks - 4 are what I would call &quot;pop&quot; like &quot;Everybody looks the same&quot; which is on the soundtrack of Madonnas new film - The next  best thing. The other 9 are really wonderful ambient sounds that you can  listen to over and over again and hear something different. Dusk you and  me, Chicago and At the River are my favourite tracks. One of these guys can  really play the trombone - not an instrument you associate with current pop  musicians. I can't recommend it too highly.
B000000FG8|5.0|I had never listened to a punk band until I encountered OpIvy last year. I used to get so sick and tired of buying a cd for one song, and then selling it because the rest of the album blew goats. This is probably the most  amazing album I have ever heard. Jesse Michaels lyrics are far superior to  trashy, trendy, money-motivated bands such as Limp Bizkit. I also don't see  why Rancid gets some of the criticism that they do. Armstrong is an  excellent musician and his lyrics should be placed in the upper echelon  with Jesse Michaels'. Buy this album, and learn how music was intended to  be.
B000001GJU|5.0|I have heard a few other recordings of this symphony, but I am no musicologist.  As soon as I heard this recording, though, I never went back to any other disc.  Karajan's majestic control and depth of exploration,  two of his many magnificent hallmarks, are beyond sublime.  I consider the  &quot;New World&quot; Symphony and the &quot;Moldau&quot;  some of the most  powerful music ever written, and Karajan presents this awesome quality with  such natural ease as he always does.  The Vienna Philharmonic is not one  whit behind him, and this stellar, long-venerated orchestra delivers a  flawless recording.
0374115370|5.0|I was born &amp; raised in New York and lived there until 1987.  This book perfectly captures the culture &amp; attitudes of the city, its shrill power politics and opportunism and hypocrisy.<br />Wolfe has called this a  &quot;social novel,&quot; a once popular form, now less so.<br />The social  novel is sociological, as opposed to psychological.  It paints with a broad  brush.  Its &quot;main character&quot; is an entire city, or  profession,  or period in history (rather than the psychological novel's narrow focus on  a single individual's inner thoughts &amp; feelings).<br />This book is funny  and truthful.  And despite its thickness, a quick read, because it's also  an exciting page-turner.
B000000WCV|5.0|TRULY 1 OF THE BEST CDS OF THE 90S.  EVERY TRACK ROCKS!  NOT A SINGLE FALSE NOTE HERE.  YOU KEEP ASKING FOR MORE AND MORE FROM DAFT PUNK.  &lt;HOMEWORK&gt;=  A LANDMARK CD.  THE FRENCH SURELY KNOW HOW TO MAKE GREAT DANCE MUSIC.  DAFT PUNK, FUNKY DERRICK, DIMITRI FROM PARIS, CASSIUS, AND  RECENTLY RINOCEROSE.  INCREDIBLE.
0425170055|1.0|Now, we all know that Tom's not the greatest at building three-dimensional people for his novels.  In the past, I would have answered that criticism with a cheery &quot;Who cares?&quot;  In &quot;Sum of All Fears&quot;, the  protagonists weren't exactly what I'd call fleshed out, but who gave a  hoot?  The suspense and plot twists just kept on coming, and I'll take a  solid plot over elegant characters any day if I'm in the market for a  thriller.   <br />     Alas, the suspense I've come to enjoy never surfaces in  Rainbow Six.  The climax of the book - a guy gets busted in a utility  access closet?  But even after ending the story, Tom can't muster the  decency to euthanize the project.  Instead, he just dribbles on for another  hundred-odd pages so the evil environmentalists can get their  comeuppance.<br />     Which brings me to my second beef with the book.  Let's  see, if you are concerned with complex environmental problems, you are . .  . an environmentalist?  No!  You are a homicidal maniac with ambitions that  would make Stalin blush.  <br />     This is especially ironic given Clancy's  wealth of military knowledge.  Two recent military interventions (Haiti and  Somalia) were responses to social collapse in those countries.  The cause  of social collapse?  Environmental problems - deforestation, topsoil loss  and crop failure in Haiti, droughts, floods and crop failure in Somalia.   Throughout the book, Clancy maintains his anti-green rant in a tone which  suggests Rush Limbaugh with a toothache; unlike Rush, though, he's not even  funny.  <br />     Ah yes, almost forgot - characters.  Women (provided  they're gestating) are saints straight out of Dickens; otherwise they're  bitchy zealots; ze German Kommando ist big und muscular, and the whole cast  is just wooden enough for employment on the nearest chessboard.  In short,  an eminently forgettable entry, contrived, shrill and unforgivably dull.   If you want the real thing from authors who can write (or at least plot),  try John LeCarre or Fredrick Forsyth.
B00000AFWW|4.0|I hope no one else used that title! I must say that I'd waited a long time for Hole to come out with a new album, and I was very satisfied with the end result. Now, I don't think it compares to Pretty on the Inside and Live  Through This, but there are songs on the album that have a similar  feel...Reasons to Be Beautiful and the ending to Northern Star. As much as  I love Nirvana, I do not believe that Kurt Cobain was responsible for the  songs on Live Through This. What I'd recommend is that everyone quit paying  so much attention to Courtney, and watch Eric, because he is the mastermind  behind all those cool guitar rifts. He is an awesome guitarist, and I  believe that Courtney's domineering personality overshadows him lots of  times. I'd highly recommend this album, in the final analysis, but if you  are looking for hard stuff like their old music, get the single 'Be a  Man'...it ROCKS!
B000002UAF|1.0|I don't think so; at least not on this album.  The opener is good. In typical fashion, everthing that follows is a slow love song.  Not exactly rock.  Since &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; is good, I gave it one extra  star.
0684872153|2.0|Some of the charm of the child's tale is lost by adult McCourt's obsession with overflowing outhouses and the like.
B000006O7C|5.0|Not so incomplete as most suggest.A rare insight into the pre-production process , especially the latter half of disc 2,We see a raw version of a master at work.What makes him great?..... His honesty and lack of  self-consciencenous that most of us aspire to and few achieve.
6305627401|5.0|South Park:Bigger,Longer and Uncut is my favourite movie of all time. It is every genre in one. It is very vulgar though. It has an actual meaning behind it too. A great musical, hilarious spoof and well written adventure.  I enjoy it too much. Buy it!
0783240503|4.0|If you are looking for 100% Biblical accuracy, then you will be disappointed with this musical. If you are looking for family entertainment, then this is it. I watched it with my two sons, and they  have begged me to buy it for our library. We laughed a lot and even got a  little misty eyed on one of Joseph's songs. It is mainly, though, a light,  funny comedy musical, and I think it would especially appeal to a younger  audience, and the young at heart.Though it is not as polished as some of  Webber's other musicals, it is probably his funniest. I know we'll be  watching it over, and over, and over.
0618002219|5.0|[I originally wrote a review back in 2000 for \\"The Hobbit\\", detailing the differences between \\"The Hobbit\\", \\"[[ASIN:0544003411 The Lord of the Rings]]\\", and \\"[[ASIN:0618391118 The Silmarillion]]\\".  In 2012 I wrote a new review, and am editing my original text to include this new review.  Mike London 10-3-2012]<br /><br />New Review 2012: \\"In a hole in the ground, there lived a hobbit.\\"  Thus begins the most famous series in fantasy literature.  For such a universe of high caliber, the sentence is a rather unassuming beginning for quite an unassuming, down-to-earth race known as Hobbits.<br /><br />Unfortunately \\"The Hobbit\\" has become overshadowed by \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", seen as an \\"enchanting prelude\\" to the more substantial sequel.  C. S. Lewis said in \\"[[ASIN:0195003454 A Preface to Paradise Lost]]\\" that to accurately judge an item, you first must know its purpose.  The books were written for different purposes - \\"The Hobbit\\" as an entertaining story for his children, and \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", initially a sequel to \\"The Hobbit\\", became much more a continuation of \\"The Silmarillion\\".  For those who underestimate \\"The Hobbit\\" using the criteria of \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" as their guide are missing out on a rich work.<br /><br />What are Hobbits, you may ask?  If you go researching where Tolkien got inspiration for the Hobbits, you will soon get mixed up in \\"The Denham Tracks\\" (a 19th century list of various folk-lore creatures) and E. A. Wyke-Smith's \\"\\"[[ASIN:B00A3KJALC The Marvellous Land of Snergs (Dover Children's Classics)]]\\".  Honestly, neither of these will get you very far.<br /><br />The Denham Tracks reads like a laundry list of folk-lore creatures, and though the actual word \\"hobbit\\" appears, there is no context for what a \\"hobbit\\" actually is.  \\"The Marvelous Land of the Snergs\\" will get you a tad bit further.  Snergs are creatures about half the height of man (like the Hobbits), enjoy their food (again, like the Hobbits), and there the resemblance ends.  The World of the Snergs is far removed from Middle-earth, having more to do with 19th century adventure stories set in fantasy with such dispargant elements as a vegetation Troll (by far the best character in the book), witches, knights similiar to stories of King Arthur, ad a waylaid sea crew hailing from the ship \\"The Flying Dutchman\\"<br /><br />Tolkien certainly anticipated the question, for he answered this inquiry within the opening pages of this very book.  They are a race two to four feet high, shy of \\"Big People\\", and have no beards, unlike dwarves.  Hobbits are chubby, \\"dress in bright colours, (chiefly green and yellow)\\", and wear no shoes because of the hick tufts of hair and thick leathery soles of their feet. They eat as often as they can.<br /><br />The story of \\"The Hobbit\\" is well known, having been published in 1937 and continually in print (save only for a brief interruption in the early 1940s, when Great Britian were facing paper shortages due to World War II).<br /><br />\\"The Hobbit\\" began life as an entertaining story of Tolkien's children (as so many of Tolkien's stories began as well).  Written between 1929-1933, the book details the adventures of Bilbo Baggins.  Gandalf the Wizard meets with Bilbo in the opening pages, telling him he is looking for some \\"to go on an adventure\\".  Bilbo, not quite as respectible as he would like to believe himself to be, tells Gandalf life was much more interesting when Gandalf was around, but no, he would not have any adventures, thank you very much.  Naturally, thirteen dwarves show up, and ultimately Bilbo sets off to reclaim the gold that the Dragon Smaug has stolen from the dwarves.  Like the later Aragorn, Thorin Oakenshield, the chief dwarf, is a king-in-exile, and wants to reclaim both his throne and his gold stolen by the dragon..<br /><br />The real meat of \\"The Hobbit\\", and one of the reasons why I believe the book has had such a long lasting appeal, is the book's transformation of Bilbo.<br/><br />\\"The Hobbit\\" shows the reader how an unassuming modern character (for though Bilbo lives in the far removed past, he is THOROUGHLY MODERN) goes from being an out-of-place bumbler in situations far removed from his life experience to an equal among beings and races that belong only in the distant past.<br /><br />Although initially inept, Bilbo, just as Gandalf predicted, proves to be a worthwhile companion, coming through for the dwarves on several key occasions, such as freeing them from the Elven prisons, fighting back the spiders, and facing the dragon alone.  He even eventually aids in bringing about a resolution to the growing distress between the Dwarves, Men, and Elves after the fallout of Smaug's demise (albeit, rather unconventionally, using the Arkenstone, the Heart of the Mountain and the jewel which Thorin prizes above all others).<br /><br />This journey, this transformation of Bilbo into something more, something greater, is the true heart of the book.  Tolkien himself said that he removed Gandalf from the story shortly after Beorn's house, due to the dramatic need for Bilbo to proove himself without assistance from the wizard.  Fortunately, Tolkien was able to use Gandalf's absence as a springboard into more expansive story ideas when he began developing \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" after the unbridled success of \\"The Hobbit\\".<br /><br />Also, the book displays a moral complexity often not seen within the confines of children's liteature.  By this, I am referring to the whole matter of Bilbo's handling of the Arkenstone, the chief jewel of the hoard that Bilbo and the dwarves are setting out to recover.  The claims of the Elves and Men, and counter claims of the dwarves, and Bilbo's claiming of the Arkenstone and how he wants to use the Arkenstone to move the uprising battle toward resolution are complex and startling legal in tone.<br /><br />For all its story-book qualities, \\"The Hobbit\\" is a much different work from its subsequent heir, \\"The Lord of the Rings\\".  Although early manuscripts explicitly prove Tolkien was casting the \\"The Hobbit\\" in the universe of his mythology from initial composition, \\"The Hobbit\\" features several elements and passages that are altogether incongruous with \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", especially in the First Edition published in 1937.<br /><br />For one, the ring found in Gollum's cave is not the One Ring, the Ruling Ring of Sauron.  The magic ring was simply that - a magic ring, a stage prop that, in the words of Tom Shippey helped equalize Bilbo in the archaic world he found himself in.  Tolkien only began developing the concept of the Ruling Ring AFTER publication of \\"The Hobbit\\" when he was trying to come up with ideas for a sequel.  When reading \\"The Hobbit\\", readers, especially those who know the sequel, may approach the Ring as though this was truly a dark and sinister ring, which the text does not simply support.  Indeed, Bilbo's deception about the ring, so important in \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", is not explicit in \\"The Hobbit\\".<br /><br />Next, and probably most fascinating of all, is the nature of Gollum himself.  We all know he's a hobbit, long ago corrupted by his long possession of the One Ring.  However, prior to 1951 when Allen and Unwin (Tolkien's publishers) published the revised version of \\"Riddles in the Dark\\" that Tolkien had written in 1947, not only was Gollum explicitly NOT a hobbit, we were not even sure what kind of creature he was (or what his physical size was).  He was more akin to Tom Bombadil and Beorn, a one item category unique unto himself.  There were no textual indications of Gollum's size in comparison to Bilbo, leading some illustrators in foreign editions to show Gollum as a much larger creature than he would later become.<br /><br />Then there's the matter of the original version of \\"Riddles in the Dark\\".  Initially Gollum was going to give away his magic ring as a gift if Bilbo won the contest as well as show him the way out; after winning,Gollum is unable to find the ring (naturally, as Bilbo had already found the ring), so he showed Bilbo the way out, constantly apologizing.  In \\"The Return of the Shadow\\", Book Six of \\"The History of Middle-earth\\", we find Tolkien trying to work within the parameters of this original chapter.  Naturally, Tolkien ultimately abandoned the original conception and rewrote the chapter in 1947 as a specimen of what a new chapter could look like and sent this to his publisher.  Tolkien was quite surprised to see that, four years later, Allen & Unwin published the rewritten version, and Tolkien accepted the text as authoritative.<br /><br />While that's the most interesting of the differences, there are still several passages at odds with Middle-earth as described in \\"The Lord of the Rings\\".  There is no Shire.  There are references to policemen and an unnamed \\"king\\".  The trolls fit more into fairy-book stories than Middle-earth, and, as Douglas Anderson points out in \\"The Annotated Hobbit\\", Tolkien references other trolls with multiple heads, a thing not found in Middle-earth.  Then there are the stone giants, which only appear once and then are never heard of again in any other story, before or after.  There is speculation that one of Bilbo's ancestors took a FAIRY wife, a conception wholly alien to Middle-earth.  There are no fairies in Middle-earth.  Then there's the matter of the ruins of the mysterious city upon which Lake-town is built upon.  This ruined city is mentioned only in \\"The Hobbit\\"; it goes unnamed, unreferenced, and undocumented in any of Tolkien's other writings regarding his legendarium.<br /><br />Probably the single biggest difference between \\"The Hobbit\\" and \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" is there is no developed nomenclature in \\"The Hobbit\\".  The majority of the names are simple descriptions of the things involved: Bilbo lives in The Hill, is traveling to the River Running, visits a city named Dale, as neighbors across the Water, etc.  There are very fewproper names in \\"The Hobbit\\".  The thirteen dwarves names and Gandalf (with the exception of \\"Balin\\") are all simply lifted from \\"The Devergatal\\", a section of the Elder Edda  In \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" however, nomenclature is king, and Tolkien spent vast amounts of time creating vast landscape, cultures, and races all with their own unique linguistic flavour.<br /><br />There are also some geographic inconsistencies between the two works.  From the bridge to where Bilbo and the dwarves meet the trolls is within sight; however, in \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", this same spot takes Aragorn and company SIX DAYS to go from the river to the spot where the trolls are.<br /><br />Tolkien was aware of these differences, and in 1960 wrote several different passages and revisions to bring \\"The Hobbit\\" stylistically more in line with \\"The Lord of the Rings\\".  These passages were published for the first time in 2007 with \\"The History of The Hobbit\\".  However, he showed the revised passages to someone (it is unknown who) who discouraged him from changing \\"The Hobbit\\".<br /><br />Ultimately, \\"The Hobbit\\" is a much different experience than \\"The Lord of the Rings\\", much more akin to classical fantasy fairy tale books such as \\"The Wind in the Willows\\" and \\"The Marvellous Land of the Snergs\\" in both style and tone than \\"The Lord of the Rings\\".  Too its credit, the success of \\"The Hobbit\\" was what prompted Tolkien to write the sequel.<br /><br />In the seventeen years between initial publication and the appearance of the first volume of its sequel (1937-1954), \\"The Hobbit\\" never went out of print (save only for a brief period during World War II due to paper shortages) and was a tremendous seller, without support from \\"The Lord of the Rings\\".  It is indeed a rich work, and is an undisputed classic.  This book is so much more than a \\"prelude\\" to bigger and better things.  It's a keystone work in children's fantasy, and stands among the titans of literature.<br /><br />-----<br /><br />Original Review 2000: \\"Inferiour to L.R.? I think not!  No, just different!\\"<br /><br />The biggest problem with this novel is perception.  Tolkien wrote this story for children; to be more specific, this was written for HIS children.  There were several stories like this, but it was this, The Hobbit, that  was his master achievement in children's literature.<br /><br />The Lord of the  Rings ( a single epic, NOT a trilogy) was written to cash in on The  Hobbit's success.  Tolkien wanted to get on with the more serious work of  his mythology, and ultimately that is what happened with The Lord of the  Rings.  It became attached to his mythology, and became as important to him  as The Silmarillion.<br /><br />So delineation is required if you want to read  this.  Do not go in with the thought that The Hobbit is a \\"precursor\\" or  any such nonsense to The Lord of the Rings.  Think of it like you would  think of any other children's classics: children's classics.  If you take  it on The L. R.'s terms, this is a failure, primary because it is not  written to be like that.  But, on the flipside, The L. R. is as much a  failure in children's fiction.  It is not children's fiction, it is epic  fantasy, and one should not equate it with children's fiction.  That is  EXACTLY what people try to do with The Hobbit.  They try to put it in the  same type of genre or playing field as The L. R.  They are both  masterpieces, and I love them both dearly.  But one is for children, the  other with adults.<br /><br />Of course, Tolkien is part of the problem.  How many  books do you know that is a children's book and has an adult sequel?  Not  very many.  The Hobbit, scarcely 300 pages, was written and published in  the children's market.  He then talked to his publishers, and they wanted a  sequel.  So he began \\"the new Hobbit\\", as C. S. (Jack) Lewis so aptly put  it.  He was preoccupied with his mythology, and the sequel was drawn into  it.  So we have two works, spanning two differentgenres, and as far as  surface connections go its little more than prequel/sequel.  Instead of  looking at The Hobbit as a prequel, a precursor to his ADULT masterpiece,  an inferiour version, think of as his CHILDREN'S masterpiece.  The Hobbit  is top of the class in children's fiction, one of the few contenders  against such other great children's works as Narnia and Wrinkle in Time.  The Lord of the Rings, likewise, is THE crowning masterpiece of the fantasy  genre, of which its influence is incalculable to that fantasy market.  Both  are as important as the other, just in different fields.<br /><br />I haven't  talked about The Silmarillion much.  I have already reviewed it, so I won't  go real in-depth here.  But the same thing happened with it.  People,  expecting another Lord of the Rings, were inevitably disappointed with the  Biblical style of the published version.  If Tolkien wrote that book out in  narrative form as he did Lord of the Rings, it would be ten times longer  than Lord of the Rings.  The biggest problem with Tolkien is people have to  many preconceptions that are incorrect.<br /><br />So, basically, in conclusion,  think of it like this:<br /><br />1.  The Hobbit - Children's masterpiece.  He  scores big with this one.<br /><br />2.  The Lord of the Rings - a single fantasy,  not a trilogy.  (Tolkien was always quick to point that out).  The Crowning  achievement of modern fantasy.<br /><br />3.  The Silmarillion - the Bible of  Middle-earth.  Much more for students of his work than the causal reader.<br /><br />[From the Amazon.co.uk review: Enjoy Tolkien's Middle-earth!  I certainly have!<br /><br />Mike London]
B00000AFWW|5.0|Celebrity Skin is an amazing album!  Hole has certaintly come full circle from their days of Pretty on the Inside musically,and the songs here deliver just as much emotional punch and scathing  anger as the former. I  strongly suggest this and all other Hole albums!
1556154844|5.0|McConnell has read years and years worth of computer science literature and distilled it into an extremely readable format. It is a hefty 800+ pages but you will rip through it and enjoy every minute. McConnell combines wit and valuable information into a gem of a technical book. If  you program and you haven't read this book you are doing yourself a great  disservice. McConnell also goes to great lengths to avoid dogma. He  presents many sides to what sometimes seem like religous issues in  programming. He gives you the information to make your own decisions. Trust  me, you MUST read this book.
B00001U0DP|4.0|The sheer notion that this film is &quot;simple&quot; almost got me to pass it up at the movie rental store. I'm glad I took the time to check it out. From someone who likes films with depth (i.e. Kubrick mostly), I would  still encourage people to see this film. Analytically, you're not going to  be given a lot to write a paper about, but you will see a very honest  picture, a very clear picture. <br />Begnini is not Stanley Kubrick, but he  doesn't have to be. The film is simple, just like the title. Just because  an emotiona has been wrung from films coutless times over the years doesn't  mean the emotion is cliched. As long as you treat a subject with honesty  and creativity, you can make it into something worth seeing. I liked Life  is Beautiful for the same reason I like &quot;Til there was you&quot; sung  by Paul McCartney. It's not complex. It's just true... and truth doesn't  change. For all you fans of &quot;deep,&quot; introspective cinema, don't  dismiss this film becuase of its perceived simplicity. It's not overblown  like Titanic, and it's not the most intricate scrpit ever written. Don't  expect Shindler's List. Expect just what the opening of the film states...a  fable.
B000002LCI|5.0|I first heard Depeche Mode when Violator came out and decided to buy previous albums.  This one, by far, is one of the best!  101 is another great album.  Strangelove, Little 15, I want you know are all awesome  songs!  I can hear any Depeche Mode song and go back to my high school  years!  I was totally in love with David!
0783240503|4.0|I saw this movie version only 4 months after finally seeing a professional stage production, though I've been an A.L.Webber devotee for years.  Compared to the stage show, I was somewhat dissappointed: The Coat itself  was more Amazing on stage and the brothers in ten gallon hats or berets  definately added to the parodies of musical genres in the stage show.   Donny O. lent more naivite to the Joseph role, though not enough angst to  &quot;Close Every Door&quot;. The narrator did not add much except her  exagerated mugging. And why did they skimp on her costume; to show the  difference between skimpy Egyptians and dowdy school teachers? No wonder  there was no chemistry between them. I actually though it was a scream to  see a very well preserved Joan Collins cast in her usual  seductive/cradle-robbing role. It was subtle enough to go over the heads of  my pre-teen kids. I liked the device of starting off in the auditorium  which relates to the origins of the show, but I found it jarring to jump  back and forth in time which could have been saved for the end, just when  you almost forget where it started. Otherwise, the music makes it all  worthwhile, especially if you can't have orchestra seats. It would be fun  to see it on the big screen.
079284470X|5.0|I've loved &quot;Mannequin&quot; from the first moment I saw it back when it was released in 1987! It's actually been a couple of years since I viewed it last time on cable, but I've just received my own copy yesterday  so I can once again relive the indelible magic, hilarity, and romance this  wacky, wonderful, feel-good film delivers! Andrew McCarthy is terrific as  Jonathan Switcher, a shy, genial, struggling dept. store mannequin artist  who shares an unusual, brandishing romance with Emmy (Kim Cattral), a  reincarnated Egyptian princess whose spirit inhabits one of Jonathan's  wooden creations and comes magically to life whenever he's alone with her.  Meshach Taylor (of &quot;Designing Women&quot; fame) brings cheery warmth  to the story as Jonathan's festive window assistant friend, Hollywood. From  start to finish, this underrated comedy will make you laugh, cry, and  wonder if true love can ever be so magically fun and special, no matter if  you're a guy or a girl! Jonathan definitely shines through for me in that  nice guys don't always have to finish last. Plus, Starship's classic  Oscar-nominated song is an absolutely perfect touch to the sweet canvas  this film paints for its audience. <br />I'm surprised how cumbersome it was  to find &quot;Mannequin&quot; in print in recent years, but thank goodness  it has finally been re-released &amp; Amazon has it! This is one film no  hopeless romantic or 80's nostalgist should be without...
0783241569|5.0|I really liked Notting Hill.  The only reason I didn't like itwas because it was too mushy.  I don't have much else to say, but thatI love Julia Roberts!  END
B000002J1L|5.0|Genesis takes you so many different places on this record. From suicidal Harold the Barrol, to Hogweeds taking over the world, to an old couple in \\"For Absent Friends,\\" a song many forget to mention. A short song--too short. Quiet and simple, yet it's my favorite on the album. If you like other Genesis--this one is for you too. Foxtrot is my favorite but this is a good one to start with as well.
B0000214F0|4.0|Great Movie!  It is a shocker!  It really makes you think about politics and the people with power.
630575067X|5.0|What a great movie. Jar Jar is funny. I liked the  lightsaber duels I really liked last one. Anakin was the best. The last part I really liked Anakin's Jedi buzzcut. Thank you and may the force be with you always!
B000002ACR|4.0|The Byrds never really received their just rewards in the 60s,while groups like BUFFALO SPRINGFIELD, POCO and THE EAGLES went on to critical and commercial acclaim.It is only now we can look back  and see how vital they  actually were in the process of turning rock'n'roll into rock.Nowhere is  this in evidence more than on their 1967 release,YOUNGER THAN YESTERDAY.A  true mixture of styles and egos,this album is stuffed with Byrds  classics:WHY,SO YOU WANT TO BE A ROCK'N'ROLL STAR, RENAISSANCE  FAIR,EVERYBODY'S BEEN BURNED,MY BACK PAGES,LADY FRIEND.This a Byrds outfit  free from Gene Clark's and Bob Dylan's influence;willing to experiment and  write innovative material.The only reason this album did not get five stars  is a mindless ramble of David Crosby's entitled MIND GARDEN.I strongly urge  the reader to purchase YOUNGER THAN YESTERDAY and the next Byrds release,  THE NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS to find the magic that is the Byrds.
0060977493|5.0|The God of Small Things replaced an old love as my favorite book.  And yet, I am very careful who I recommend it to, as I know not everyone will enjoy it as much as I did.  Before you read this book, ask yourself what  you read for: do you like the plot, or do you like the writing?  If you  want to see some of the amazing things you can do with the English  language, read this book.  If you are a writer, read this book.  If you  want to hear a good story, pass this one by and find something else.<br />The  plot is mundane, and sometimes hard to find with a magnifying glass.  The  characters, for probably the first quarter of the book, are hard to sort  out.  There are no spectacular revelations or plot twists.  You'll probably  have figured out the end before you get there.  BUT, for all that, the  writing is extraordinarily beautiful.  I read each page twice just to get  it all (and I'm not exaggerating).<br />If you are ever, like me, sometimes  overwhelmed by the myriad of things language can do, rush to the bookstore  and read the first five pages.  If you don't know what I'm talking about by  the time you're done with them, this is not the book for you.
B000002KCC|5.0|Brooding on the drug deaths of Crazy Horse guitarist Danny Whitten and CSNY roadie Bruce Berry,Neil Young and the remainder of Crazy Horse take the listener on an unplanned trip to the dark side of the city on TONIGHT'S  THE NIGHT.This is a unpolished,shambling primal scream;Young offers no  apologies and no cures.He simply buries  his friends the best way he  knows;with a dose of raw power.He is too wasted to write eloquently;he  admits as much on BORROWED TUNE.TIRED EYES warns us not to become  accustomed to the horror that sometimes lurks behind the corner.ROLL  ANOTHER NUMBER is a sly dig at the hippie beliefs than had by 1975 seemed  stale.LET'S GO DOWNTOWN (a live duet recorded a few years earlier with  Young and Whitten)reminds us of what was lost.NEW MAMA is a song dedicated  to Neil's wife and baby.TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT is the tale of Bruce Berry.This  was recorded in 1973;after which Neil played some diasterous dates in  London,playing this material. &quot;Welcome to Miami Beach.Everything  here's as cheap as it looks&quot;,was the motto for that tour and it could  have been the same for this period in young's life.Two years later,the same  record company who refused to release TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT the first time  had the choice of it or a collection of semi-country songs called  HOMEGROWN. Thankfully for us,they chose the former.Rightfully so,this album  is ranked in the top 100 albums of all time.It remains a top ranked release  in the Young canon.
0312853238|5.0|I'll make this short because I suspect everyone else who has reviewed Ender's Game has already said it all.  But, there are a few things I'd like to mention.<br />1.  I have never recommended this book to someone who didn't  like it.  Even people who don't like Sci-Fi.  And I've recommended it to a  LOT of people.<br />2.  For everyone who reads it, there is another favorite  theme.  For me, it is about manipulation and what must be done to a child  to make him what you want.<br />3.  The writing style is simple and precise,  easy to read but still with a lot of depth.  And content wise, I would say  it is suitable for ages 10 and up (but of course, that always depends on  the maturity level of the child).<br />4.  The book will shortly (with all  fingers crossed) be made into a movie.  The rights have been sold, and  there is a great web site out there that can tell you all about it (but I'm  going to make you search for it).  Beat the craze and read the book now!
0767802470|2.0|I like war movies with alot of action in them. This movies focuses on a German U boat crew at sea being BORED to death waiting to see some action. WAITING-WAITING-WAITING AND MORE WAITING!  That is the plot here, you  WATCH AND WAIT- for like 3 hours to see a few minutes of action.  It really  gets the point across of how boring life in a submarine can be.  I was so  Bored I never finished it.  Can't understand so many 5 stars. This movie  gets the DAS BOOT from my dvd colletion!
B00002DEIX|5.0|Hi guys! Since the fact that I'm italian, I'm sure you'll close an eye, or both, about the mistakes that necessarily will occur to me. I own the entire discography of this fantastic sax player, and when I last heard him  play here in Rome, during summer '98, I realized of the huge potential that  he really got. An absolutely stunning experience, listen to him alive, for  those that still haven't done such thing, is something hard to explain.  Well I said enough! The new album, is the perfect soundstage to this  artist. It shows, one more time, that Joshua's tecnique, is continuosly  growing up, without that self-celebration that sometimes other artists are  showing after a number of recordings. This new album set a new standard in  &quot;young jazz&quot; quality, showing that not only the &quot;old  lions&quot; makes good recordings. The artistic rate, as well the sound  quality, are at the highest level, and this, to me as an audiophile and  music lover, is something I love to find. In shorts: highly recomended!
0553278355|5.0|The Bell jar was a great book about a girls life, and all the problems she faced.The main character was Ester. this book was all about her life and how she goes through many breakdowns, and even admitting herself into a  mental hospital. The main themes of this book were depression and problem  relationships. A big part dealing with sex and her relationships with guys  that never seem to work out. I recomed this book to any woman over the age  of 16. This book also kind of reminded me of the movie Girl Interrupted.  Dealing with the issues of the person and who they really are.
B000003NA3|5.0|A brilliant band in the peak of its form.
B000035P7S|5.0|My parents took me to Radio City Music Hall on Christmas day 1957.  This is the film that was playing that very cold and snowy Christmas day. It made me fall in love with everthing Japanese. I  can't count the times that  I have watched this video.  The performances, the cinematography, everthing  about it is unforgettable.
630575067X|4.0|...that the officer in charge (or whatever) of the enemy droid army sounds exactly like Sergeant Friday on Dragnet. I was waiting for him to meet Queen Amidala in person and say &quot;Just the facts, ma'am&quot;.  Seriously, note the number of stars I gave this movie above. It means it's  worth watching, period. You have to hate sci-fi to disagree with that. It  was overhyped. So what. Every naysayer this side of the Galaxy Far Away  thinks it's an abomination. So freakin' what. Myself, I had this wierd  solution to both dilemmas. I watched it and made my own decision.
B00003OSTQ|5.0|Although frequently listed as a &quot;drama,&quot; don't be fooled.  A few minutes into &quot;Network&quot; and you will see this is a brilliant comedy.  By taking you through Howard Beale's nervous breakdown, and his  rise as a national phenomenon and the film's climactic ending, the movie  presents too many ideas that would have seemed radical yet have become a  reality. The focus on profits in broadcast news, the unlikely idea of  having an audience for the news, conglomerates merging together so that a  tiny handful controls what millions can see on television----these are all  things that have become fact.  Howard Beale's rantings in 1976 about an  entire generation that doesn't know anything but what it's seen on  television are even truer today, but said of three generations.  A very  funny satire. But the sad thing is.....so much of what seemed absurd has in  fact become the truth.
B000009ED0|5.0|This is a killer CD all my freinds want to borrow it get this thing it will be the best money you ever spent.  Hey Amozon if you want to sell more of these include a clip from i got 1 for ya and make it the first 30  seconds of the song. Also they didn't include the best part of only god  knows why which is when he says YOU GET WHAT YOU PUT IN AND PEOPLE GET WHAT  THEY DESERVE.  KiD RoCk kicks!
0399226907|5.0|This delightful book makes my 7-month-old squeal with delight every time we take it out to read to her. She loves the picture on the cover, and she loves putting her finger through the little holes. We parents like the  cautionary tale of not over-indulging our appetites.<br />This is one of our  favorite books for beginning readers, and I think it's Eric Carle's finest.
630575067X|5.0|A very nice video, good quality, nice visuals and great special effects. Recommended!
0307120007|4.0|Okay, the bunny looks to me like an amorphous blob, and Paul and Judy creep me out. But my 8-month-old daughter loves to pat the bunny, and she goes to this book over and over again. Poor Paul's dishrag is turning to  limp threads from playing Peek-a-boo.
B0000025US|5.0|The title to this album describes the music perfectly - it is indeed played with passion, grace and fire; sensitivity and ferocity. Usually, I maintain that musicians who play with speed are just displaying technical  skill but this album has parts which are so fast its almost unbelievable  and yet it portrays such colour and emotion. 'David', for example, is a  wonderful piece combining delicate nuances with ferocious flamenco.
0141301066|5.0|Matilda is a girl of many talents but no-one see's that in her all they see is a little brat! That is until Miss Honey of Cruchem School steps into her life to make it a little bit more pleasant. <br />But still at Crunch em Hall there is the terrifying headmistress, Miss Trunchbull and know Matilda  has a chance to beat The Trunchbull with special powers she has recieved  from out of nowhere.<br />A great book.
B00004RHZU|5.0|P!NK's- &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; is definantly on of the BEST RnB ALBUMS of the year. It has tight JEEP BANGING BEATS with cool and catchy vocals. It has a same sort of sound as TLC's-&quot;FANMAIL&quot; but  &quot;Cant Take Me Home&quot; is 10 times better. Pink will be the NEXT BIG  THING!  Go pick it up 2day!
0141301104|3.0|I finished reading this book for about the 3rd time in my life and I thought it was really disappointing - I suppose I was younger when I first read it and so that's why I didn't enjoy so much this time.<br />Like most of the other reviewers say, this book has some problems - it is veryyyyyyyy  unrealistic and too scary for children under the age of 7.
0767817478|4.0|From the director of Independence day comes along probably the only movie since the 1970's that had a giant monster as the lead cast member. I liked this movie, and it holds up after repeated viewings.
B000002KMV|4.0|What else can I say about this CD?  This picks up where his previous 1980 CD &quot;Dirty Mind&quot; left off. In fact I think both CDs should be sold together as a set because they are soo much alike in style and funkiness.  Controversy the song is my jam!  All 7 minutes and 14 seconds of it!  I  also love the song &quot;Jack U Off&quot;.  It took awhile to have that  song grow on me but when it did I didn't take it as being vulgar I just  took it as being a trip and downright funny!   &quot;Let's Work&quot; is  gritty street funk at it's best- bass lines and all!   &quot;Do Me  Baby&quot; is self explanatory and just off the hook and meant for a true  night of passion!   <br />A classic CD to have if you are a true old school  Prince fan!
6304233639|5.0|This is my favorite movie since I was 9.  I love this movie for its special effects and cool dialogue.  The best part is the way the movie's score and action parts intermix. In the end the human will to survive  rivals over the evil aliens who come to screw this planet up.
0783241569|1.0|i'm bored so i'm going to review this boring movie. I have see it far too many times.... and i've only seen it twice. It's so incredibly predictable... and i do not think it's funny at all.
630505116X|4.0|Beat this Deep Blue Sea! This movie was the coolest movie I've seen since ID4. I was surprised by Treat William, and how cool he was despite the fact that he hasn't been in a big time action movie.       The special effects  are enough to keep you watch.  It's neat to watch these monster sliding  down the hallway of a 'Titanic size ship.     The plot isn't close to being  complicated which is why this movie was called a B-grade film, but it is  very entertaining and that is what a movie is surpose to be.  I've  considered myself as a pretty taugh guy when it comes to horror movies but  I found myself asking the TV to skipe to the next scene, but in this movie  the next scene wasn't any prettier. If you just sitting around with nothing  to do then you should go out and rent this.
B000000WA4|5.0|Mellon Collie has to be the most intensely beautiful thing I've ever heard.  I've had the album since it first came out, and it's stood the tests of time.  It's still my most prized possession.  It just never gets  boring.  The songs are all so different, ranging from exquisitely mellow to  loud and angst-ridden, each one with lyrics that reach out and touch your  very soul.    Billy Corgan is a musical and poetic genius, and every song  he and the Pumpkins have ever done is wonderful beyond words.  As complex  as some of the songs are, they're still very easy to relate to.  There's  something about them that you can just feel, without necessarily  understanding every line.    I hereby promise you that if you get Mellon  Collie, you won't be disappointed.  In time, it will become treasured to  you also.  While you're at it, all the other Smashing Pumpkins CD's are  excellent as well.  And don't listen to the bad comments some people say  about &quot;Adore&quot;.  It's beautiful as well.
B00000064G|5.0|What can I say? There are not enough stars to do this album (or any of Nick Drake's tragically few albums) justice. I've loved this album for years, and I have desperately mixed feelings about his sudden rocketing  popularity because of the recent VW Cabrio commercial. But the  circumstances of his newfound success seem rather ironic, given the whole  course of his career, his death, and the complete and utter indifference  with which he was treated by the music industry in his native time and  country. <br />I strongly suggest that you do NOT buy this disc; rather, buy  &quot;Fruit Tree,&quot; the four-disc collection that includes this one, as  well as his other two albums (&quot;Bryter Layter&quot; and &quot;Five  Leaves Left&quot;) and a collection of gorgeous outtakes, demos and  unreleased singles called &quot;Time Of No Reply.&quot; That last disc is a  rarity among &quot;bonus&quot; discs... not only is every song worth the  price of admission, but they are in no way incidental to the albums - every  song fits perfectly and further supports the sound and style he set up  through his career.<br />Nick Drake's story is one of the most tragic in the  music world, and he deserves every listening ear he can get, even via VW  commercials.
B000002U8G|3.0|Hey- Many of you might already know this, but if you play this album's &quot;Echos&quot; at the same time as the segment of 2001: A Space Odyssey titled &quot;Jupiter and Beyond the Infinate,&quot; you'll see that it is a  perfect match. The song was designed that way, so that the two are in  synch. Many people know about the Dark Side of the Moon/Wizard of Oz  connection, buy perhaps you haven't heard of this one. Check it out, it  works!
B00001ZWBQ|3.0|I purchased this dts version dvd thinking that it will be similar to the dts version of Eagles Hell freezes over. I am throughly dissappointed. The audio quality is very poor and I presume the centre channel had no signals  especially the vocals were not there at all. The dts quality was definitely  missing. Well, ofcourse the video quality has to be good as with most dvds.  The camera selections also I suppose were not chosen appropriately. I  wonder wether it is my particular dvd that has this problem. I shall be  thankful for a feed back to my e-mail add.
B00000FC5H|5.0|If there ever was a group that represents the best of jazz and r&amp;b, it has to be Earth Wind &amp; Fire. This collection has all of their most popular songs.  Listening to this CD made me feel 20 years younger. Not  only is the music great,the vocals are to die for.  I'm sure all my  neighbors know all the words to my favorite singles by now.
B00002Z88D|2.0|What is this? What do they think they are? Is this really the same Metallica, who created the greatest metal masterpieces - Kill 'em all, Ride the lightning, and MASTER OF PUPPETS ?  My last advice to them. - Please  retire right now, before it's too late.
B000020617|5.0|I wasn't really a Foo Fighters fan until I bought this CD.  I had a Wal-Mart gift certificate and they didn't have the CD I wanted.  So I saw this one and bought it.  I really wasn't expecting to like it, but after I  listened to it a couple of times I was pleasently surprised.  This is a  great album.  The Foo Fighters can really rock.  My personal favorite is  'Generator'.  There's no track that's bad and no need to skip any.  I'm  glad Dave Grohl formed this band.  He's got incredible talent.  It's almost  like a little piece of Nirvana lives on through him.  I would reccomend  this album to anyone who likes really good rock music and mine even came  with a foo fighters temporary tattoo!
6304913176|1.0|Ok, I didn't expect this to be a terrific movie but I though that it would be at least a fun Sci Fi film.  It wasn't.  Anyone who calls this movie smart or interesting realy needs to have their head examined.<br />Starship  Troopers is maybe the worst Sci Fi film in existence.  Despite the  directors efforts to try to make a meaningful film out of it, it ends up  looking like something a couple of 10 year olds wrote.<br />To begin with the  entire cast looks like the have an IQ of 15 combined.  Every one of them is  a simple good looking teen anger who looks like they were rejected from a  beach movie.  <br />The film's story is even worse.  One thing about it is  that it tries to capture the feel of an actual war.  Unfortunatly it never  gets close to accomplishing this and most of the movie simply {shoot bugs,  dialogue, shoot bugs, dialogue, shoot bugs, ect...}.  The basic plot is  simple; a meteor has been launched from the bug's home planet and killed  many people on Earth.  The army then decides to exterminate the bugs even  though scientists are now claiming that the bugs may have attacked the  humans as self-defense becuase humans were invading their space.  One odd  thing is that in most films the idea of men slaughtering another species  would be viewed in a bad light.  Not here. The entire movie is incredibly  militaristic and about the honor that comes with surving.<br />The films  fairly lame story isn't the least bit helped by it's aful dialogue and  stupid scenes.  One good example is the scene when a school friend of the  hero wants to join the army.  Becuase she is a woman the Chief Officer says  she dooesn't have what it takes and then gets into a fight with her.  After  winning he decides to let her in becuase she has proven herself.  Maybe  this scene would be considered cool by a marine but I find it just to be  simply moronic.<br />One would hope that the films one saving grace would be  it's action sequences where humans battle the giant bugs.Unfortunatly  while the special effects are well done, the scenes realy aren't terribly  exciting.<br />Yet another off note is the way much of the film is presented.  Alot of info about the war is shown through cyber-news reels that an  unknown character is watching.  After every bit of news the computer asks  &quot;Do you want to know more&quot; and the view clicks yes and more this  badly done excuse for a story is played.  It's ironic becuase while the  view clicks &quot;yes I want to know more&quot; the audience is thinking  &quot;No!  Make the movie stop!&quot;<br />Toward the end of the film the  story gets so bad it's almost funny.  The humans discover that the reason  the bugs are winning is becuase there is a brain bug(yes that's its actual  name) which is telling them how to fight.  The brain bug gets smart by  sucking the brains out of humans and eating them.  It sounds like somthing  out of a horror film from the 50s.<br />Starship Troopers manages to do  everything wrong and is a shining example of how NOT to do a movie.
B000020617|5.0|I wasn't really a Foo Fighters fan until I bought this CD.  I had a Wal-Mart gift certificate and they didn't have the CD I wanted.  So I saw this one and bought it.  I really wasn't expecting to like it, but after I  listened to it a couple of times I was pleasently surprised.  This is a  great album.  The Foo Fighters can really rock.  My personal favorite is  'Generator'.  There's no track that's bad and no need to skip any.  I'm  glad Dave Grohl formed this band.  He's got incredible talent.  It's almost  like a little piece of Nirvana lives on through him.  I would reccomend  this album to anyone who likes really good rock music and mine even came  with a foo fighters temporary tattoo!
6304806442|3.0|so i was pumped to get trainspotting on dvd because it is one of my all-time favorites and, i figured, very deserving of being enjoyed on the dvd format.  much to my dismay, i got it home, watched it, and discovered  that the remastered dvd audio track is different!   <br />the voiceovers have  slightly different monologue, and in many of the key scenes in the movie,  dialog was slowed down/ enunciated -- i assume to make it more easily  understood by USA citizens.  the downside to this is lots of the emotion  and effect is taken out of key scenes when doing this -- examples are the  spud on speed scene and the opening voice-over.  renton's first utterance  of &quot;choose life&quot; (when he gets hit in the head with a soccer  ball) is cut off before he even finishes saying life!  what a  travesty!<br />in short, buy the dvd AND the vhs, wire your sound system so  audio is coming from the vcr only, and watch the dvd on your monitor.  this  is the best of both worlds.  this is one of the greatest movies ever -- it  has to be experienced to the fullest!
B0000021RD|4.0|Hard driving charts with excellent drumming... original pop concepts.. This is a worthy successor to \\"Chicago Transit Authority\\"... Again each members talents are showcased throughout.   Why this group of  talented musicians veered down the very sticky molasses-laden path of middle of the road love ballads later in their career, I will never know.      This recording is as diverse and dynamic as the first.   Everyone is featured.  Some things are tried that weren't on the first recording (Chicago Transit Authority).       Two distinct suites are performed here and one piece that feels like a suite.       True highpoints are  \\"The Ballad for a Girl From Buchanon\\", \\"It Better End  Soon\\" and  25 or 6 to 4 (get out your air guitars!). The horns and  vocals draw the attention but listen closely to the brilliant drumming  laid down by the vastly underrated Danny Seraphine.       Peter Cetera seemed to the focal point vocally in later years, when they performed largely love ballads, with Cetera in falsetto.   Here he is in top form, full throated on uptempo pieces.       Terry Kath and Robert Lamm get equal time, which keeps things interesting and gives them more options as to the type of pieces they want to do.     Kath's guitar work is excellent here.       One of the essential Chicago recordings.  A definite must-have.
630575067X|4.0|I looked in the newspapers when this came out and out of about ten reviews I saw, two gave it an average mark, one of those giving it a pretty good mark, four out of five stars.  I think though the newspapers have got it  all wrong, this movie is ok, there is a lot of action and the plot is fine,  nothing special but far from bad.   George Lucas made this movie so you  would look at Darth Vader in the 'classic' trilogy and say 'he isn't really  so bad after all.'  He made this movie so you could see what Anakin was  like before the Dark Side of the Force swallowed him. The movie achieves  this and is a lot of fun to watch as well, so in my view this is a good  film.
B0000021RB|4.0|This is for me the best of all the Chicago albums.  Aggressive horn charts punctuating the vocals and harmonies. Superb drumming by the very underrated Daniel Seraphine.  This album showcases the group's talent like  no other.  Terry Kath provides solid guitar work throughout. Peter Cetera  lays down  a very strong undercurrent on bass. Peter is vocally stronger  here than he has been in his solo career.  The interplay is cohesive and  strong, it shows a group of musicians who know each other well.  True  highpoints are &quot;Beginnings&quot; ,&quot;I'm a Man&quot;,  &quot;Introduction&quot;, &quot;Southern California  Purples&quot;.  If you  get no other Chicago album... this is the one to get.  This album was also  recorded quite well given the technology of the time.  Overall original and  strong....
0553108034|5.0|Continuing and expanding the excellent story begun in &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot; takes us further into the chaos that has descended upon the land of Westeros now that king Robert Baratheon  is dead.  The &quot;Seven Kingdoms&quot; are fracturing, war and madness  reign, and through it all George R. R. Martin ties the plot together and  cranks up the volume notch by notch.<br />All of us who dove into this series  are now frothing at the mouth waiting for the next book...  &quot;Clash&quot; ends with so many cliffhangers that I spent a decent  amount of time lying awake at night wondering what in god's name was going  to happen NEXT.  This series is one of the best fantasy epics I have ever  read, and I have faith that Martin will keep the pressure on, and fan  interest up, unlike Robert Jordan.<br />If you have not started this series,  go NOW and read the first book, and then (slowly!) read &quot;A Clash of  Kings&quot;, as the third book (Supposedly titled &quot;A Storm of  Swords&quot;) is not due out till Fall of this year.  Hang on!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Has anyone noticed the amazing similarities between fight club and American Beauty?  Both movies are revolved around guys who are fed up with modern day society and its flaws.  Edward Norton can't take the routine of life anymore, so he starts a fight club to deal with the stress.  Not  unlike Kevin Spacey who can't take life anymore and starts smoking pot,  blackmailing his boss, standing up to his family, and working out.  <br />Both  movies are very alike, yet one of them was nominating for best picture.   Fight club is one of those movies that comes along and blows you away.  I  agree that american beauty was a great movie but was undeserving of all  those awards, ESPECIALLY the cinematography award which should have gone to  sleepy hollow or FIGHT CLUB.  <br />I only saw the movie once but i look  forward to renting it soon and buying the dvd. The movie has a message,  which is hard to find these days on the big screen.  The movie was also  beautifully shot.  I commend Fincher for his vision and realize that the  man who was onced almost called upon to direct Return of the Jedi is a  genious.  All of his movies including Aliens 3 have a vision all on there  own.  Few directors can incorporate a different style for all there movies,  Fincher always manages to display  uniqueness even within himself.  I  highly recommend this movie for love of film and for the love of a great  movie, thank you david fincher.
6304711905|3.0|The only reason this film gets 3 stars from me is Val Kilmer as Doc Holliday.  Kurt Russell played Snake Plissken yet again, with the same results as &quot;Escape from New York.&quot; The whole premise of the film  was laughable, this &quot;Cowboy gang&quot; that the Earps were supposedly  fighting.<br />Want a _GOOD_ movie about Earp, Holliday and the rest?  Watch  &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.  Everything in Tombstone felt hackneyed, played,  boring, trite and weak.  The endless scenes of Russell riding down yet  another doofus in a red sash were painful to watch, as exciting as the  made-up history they used to base the film's conflict on.  Where are the  families the Earps fought?  As good as Val Kilmer was, he was OWNED by  Dennis Quaid's Holliday in &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.  From script to cast to  plot to cinematography, Tombstone is inferior in EVERY POSSIBLE WAY to  &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;.  If you pass it up because you dislike Kevin  Costner, you're missing a hell of a movie for the wrong reason.<br />Tombstone  was weak as a historical Western.  Had the producers decided to make a  fictitious setting, it would have been much more enjoyable to me.  As it  was, I was extremely disappointed.
B000002H2H|5.0|This is a great album, it has a couple classics on it such as For Whom the Bell Tollz and Creeping Death. Track 2 Ride The Lightning has one of my favorite all time guitar solos.  A lot of albums have maybe the first 5  songs that keep you interested, but then the rest are just full of album  fillers. As for all the early metallica albums, Ride The Lightning'll keep  you headbangin for the full 45 minutes,
B00000IQUT|4.0|In the UK, this film was on the very top of the 'video nasties' list of 1984, along with 'New York Ripper' and 'Cannibal Holocaust'. However, having finally watched it, I cannot see what all the fuss was about. True -  it is a disturbing film which does feature pro-longed rape scenes and  sadistic levels of revenge (very understandable too!), but comes across as  exactly what it is - a 'rape/revenge shocker'.<br />The film itself is alittle  twisted, Meir Zarchi spending almost too long showing scenes of brutal rape  (however, never in a pornographic fashion - this is realistic violence and  well acted). The lack of music is also very clever, adding to the realism.  The plot is thin, but the acting holds it up and overall, I would suggest  that if you are curious, as I was, then watch it atleast once, before  jumping on the bandwagon and condemning it before even seeing it (as many  others have). <br />This version is both uncut and fully re-mastered, another  fantastic job by 'Anchor Bay' who seem to transfer most notorious classics  extremely well to both VHS and DVD - forcing me to add another star to the  review.<br />Hate this film or like it - it is well made and does have a  message; the way that the message is delivered is so full on, that most  viewers could be upset by it, but then, isn't this the intention anyway -  do you really want to watch a film about rape that is both comfortable and  enjoyable?
B000000OUE|5.0|This CD is 1 of the greatest because Rob is very very very talented and so is the rest of the band and as an opinion I and my boyfriend think that the best song ever created was More Human than human!
0767819446|3.0|A very worthy sci-fi film, slightly let down by inferior acting and direction. The story is very interesting and the special effects are quite amazing - though 'The Matrix', both as a film and for its SFX is in an  entirely superior league. <br />However, this is certainly worth watching -  especially if you enjoy sci-fi. The plot is fascinating, the twists and  turns unexpected and clever and the film really is a brave attempt at a  totally different kind of 'sci-fi' thriller.
B000002H5I|4.0|Whether you like Tracy Chapman's music or not, it is unique, you do not hear anything else like it.<br />She has a very special way of singing. Her extreme voice underlines her strongly political lyrics in an emotional, but  in no way exaggerated, way.<br />The best tracks are the superhit Fast Car  and For My Lover. The most different song is the afro-reggae-inspired  Mountains O'Things. Most of the songs are very short.<br />An interesting  collection.
B00000J2PH|5.0|The previous reviewer has mistaken James Taylor as the husband of Carole King whereas he was the husband of Carly Simon. JT also recorded You've got a friend
B00000K19E|5.0|SO COOL!  WHAT A NICE MOVIE... ^.~
B00003XACV|5.0|This soundtrack, albeit short, is obviously nothing short of a perfect masterpiece. Thomas Newman is a genius at creating utterly touching scores with a blend of outer simplicity and inner complexity. The melodies will  not soon leave you; in fact, they will HAUNT you, which I think is what  makes a soundtrack memorable and brilliant. My favourite tracks are:  <br />Track 7, &quot;Root Beer&quot;: It might be short, but it is painfully  gorgeous. This is the scene where Lester first sees Angela in the gym.  <br />Track 14, &quot;Angela Undress&quot;: The beginning starts with the same  melody as &quot;Root Beer.&quot; It progresses wonderfully.<br />Track 19,  &quot;Still Dead&quot;: If you have an awesome entertainment center with  stellar speakers, play this on your DVD and turn the volume up. Although it  does not seem like such a powerful song on your discman, it will become a  masterpiece when you hear it coming through big speakers. This is the real  big theme of the movie.<br />This soundtrack will bring the movie all back. If  possible, this would receive 10 stars!
0783219172|4.0|This is the ultimate supernatural comedy.  It has a similar feeling to Ghostbusters, but Frightners is scary in places as well.<br />The ultimate funny line is where all the ghosts are rising from the graves, and a man  shouts &quot;What are you doing?  Get back in your graves!&quot; and the  ghosts obey him.<br />Rent or buy this movie.  It's excellent.
B00003XACV|5.0|This soundtrack, albeit short, is obviously nothing short of a perfect masterpiece. Thomas Newman is a genius at creating utterly touching scores with a blend of outer simplicity and inner complexity. The melodies will  not soon leave you; in fact, they will HAUNT you, which I think is what  makes a soundtrack memorable and brilliant. My favourite tracks are:  <br />Track 7, &quot;Root Beer&quot;: It might be short, but it is painfully  gorgeous. This is the scene where Lester first sees Angela in the gym.  <br />Track 14, &quot;Angela Undress&quot;: The beginning starts with the same  melody as &quot;Root Beer.&quot; It progresses wonderfully.<br />Track 19,  &quot;Still Dead&quot;: If you have an awesome entertainment center with  stellar speakers, play this on your DVD and turn the volume up. Although it  does not seem like such a powerful song on your discman, it will become a  masterpiece when you hear it coming through big speakers. This is the real  big theme of the movie.<br />This soundtrack will bring the movie all back. If  possible, this would receive 10 stars!
B000002JS8|5.0|This is the most essential AC/DC album around. It is the last one before lead singer Bon Scott died. Every song will rattle your teeth and leave you begging for more. The band also shows it can play hard blues, as the  closing track &quot;Night Prowler&quot; proves. The title track, &quot;Shot  Down In Flames,&quot; &quot;Walk All Over You,&quot; and &quot;Girls Got  Rhythm&quot; will have you banging your head. If you are a fan of this band  and do not own this album, then pic it up immediately.
B000002URV|5.0|Enigma is probably best known as the band that introduced Gregorian chants to dance music (though, in actuality, many bands had been doing this for several years in Europe). I must admit, that is one of the key things I remembered about this release. But after listening again to MCMXC a.D., I  remember much more. For those people who understand and appreciate the  power of music to enhance mood, this release is an experience in  sensuality. Layered with religious symbolism, lush female vocals, spoken  word (often in French), sounds from nature, and sensual beats, Enigma takes  the listener (or listeners, as this release is also enjoyable with a  companion) on a journey of self actualization, inner peace, and outward  passion.<br />The release begins with &quot;Voice of Enigma&quot;, a soothing  intro to the album. Not really a song, this short piece places the listener  in a relaxed state of mind which helps one best enjoy the remaining 40+  minutes.<br />The next song, &quot;Principles of Lust,&quot; allows one to  slip into deep relaxation and sensual exploration. Clocking in at over  11:30, this is actually a combination of three songs that flow together. a.  &quot;Sadeness&quot; is Enigma's classic and first big hit. It is very  sensual and relaxing, however at the same time it is stimulating and  encourages one to be tactile. b. &quot;Find Love&quot; starts off as a  sensual, atmospheric piece that floats all around the listener. Then it  moves to a funky beat that is very assertive and more active. Also known as  &quot;The Principles of Lust.&quot; c. &quot;Sadeness (Reprise)&quot;  returns the listener to the feelings in &quot;Sadeness.&quot; However, the  additional piano is very deep and stimulates one to be  reflective.<br />&quot;Callas Went Away&quot; makes me think of young lovers  who have stolen away from the village into the woods at dusk for a lovers'  tryst.<br />&quot;Mea Culpa&quot; grabs one's attention and provides a sense  of urgent desperation. The beats, the chant, the marching footsteps, and  the rain make one feel like one is trying to escape from someone or  something. This is a very powerful song.<br />&quot;The Voice &amp; the  Snake&quot; is discordant and disturbing, shaking one violently from a  relaxed state. Fortunately, it is only a little over a minute and a half,  ending the discomfort quickly.<br />&quot;Knocking on Forbidden Doors&quot;  gives one a sense of need for control and for asserting oneself, strongly  yet with a gentle, loving touch.<br />&quot;Back to the Rivers of  Belief,&quot; which concludes the release, has three parts. a. &quot;Way to  Eternity&quot; slows one back down, allowing one to become calm and  reflective once again. b. &quot;Hallelujah&quot; reintroduces the rhythm,  allowing one to slowly again explore one's inner (or outer) senusuality.  The tinkling bells are like a soft rain falling to the ground, or perhaps  on oneself. c. &quot;The Rivers of Belief&quot; is a sensual, relaxing  conclusion to the album. Whether shared with oneself or with another, this  song helps reaffirm the love and passion one feels for oneself or one's  partner.<br />This is an excellent release, especially for those who  understand and enjoy the power of music to enhance the mood, whether one is  alone or with that special someone. A sensual delight, MCMXC a.D. deserves  a strong 5 star recommendation.
B000007T1M|5.0|this is probably the best cd i have ever listened to. every single song on this album is incredible and you can mosh to any one. suite pee, sugar, and war? is just a pure headbangers ball that makes you pumped up. my personal  favorites are soil and mind. mind goes from a melodic bass line to a  hardcore guitar riff. my other favorite bands are ratm and static x, so if  you like them, get this. if you are gonna get a cd... buy soad! THE  KOMBUCHA MUSHROOM PEOPLE!
B0000039LE|5.0|When I first saw this movie it scared the hell out of me. I love this movie. In the start of the movie it shows how evil Myers really is. I liked the ending because you already know that there is going to be sequel. I  know that they killed him in Halloween:H2O, but the writers should be able  to make at least one more sequel with Mike in it and make it as scary as  the first one. ow if you are still unsure if you should buy, go out and  rent it, watch it alone, then ask yourself if you should but it. It is  absolutely one of the top 10 scary movies of all times.
B0000009OU|5.0|I bought the LP the week it was released and have loved it ever sense.  As a drummer myself, I think Pete Thomas (to this day) is one of the tightest, most innovative drummers I've ever heard.  The heavy keyboard action here  lends strength to this disc that were't present on the debut &quot;My Aim  Is True&quot;.  If you're going to buy one Costello album, this should be  it.
6303269869|4.0|Andy Garcia&amp;Meg Ryan have Real Chemistry in this film about an Abusive Problem.which is Alcohol.it is done very well by Meg Ryan who I'm that Big a Fan of but she is very convincing here.Andy Garcia is a Very Underrated  Actor.He does a Good job here as well.Alcolism is a very Serious  Problem&amp;Condition that effects alot of People and it's Important too  see it being dealt with and The Impact it can have on the Lives around it.
0792156684|5.0|Admit it all you guys that hated Titanic. You hates love stories in general and shouldn't have watched the film in the first place! You loved T2 and Aliens. Titanic was geniously crafted with the same passion as he  had when he done his other films. It has incredible effects, great  cinemathography, thrills and (a large amount) passion. If you wanna see a  documentary of Titanic, go see one, there are many good documentaries on  this subject out there. But stop trashing this film, it is a true epic. By  the way, I'm not a teenager girl, I'm a 22 year old guy and I knows many  other guys that loved this film too. Do you honestly think Titanic would  have made 1.6 billion if only girls watched it? Come on!
B000001FY9|5.0|This album was my intro to reggae as a genre. Bob Marley's musical talent, from songwriting to composition to instrumental skill, are nicely showcased here. From this album I have branched out to other reggae greats: Peter  Tosh, Yellowman, Burning Spear, Steel Pulse, etc. I love not only the music  itself but the message. You have to listen to the lyrics to understand the  power of the message behind the music. Reggae is so much more than just  feel-good party music (though it has that in spades). And it's not just  about smoking pot, either. Marley had a very serious political and social  message to offer. The fact that it is carried in such an enjoyable format  just makes it all the more appealing. If you like reggae, you gotta have  this album. If you don't know about it, this is the place to start.
B00000I924|2.0|This CD was different from what I had expected. I like Jeff Beck, especially his 80s albums. But herein is too much techno and too less Jeff Beck. I'd rather be listening to &quot;Jeff Beck's Guitar Shop&quot; with  the great Terry Bozzio on drums and Beck really rocking on the rocky tunes  and really sensitive on the soft ones.
079284131X|5.0|Surprisingly popular horror film which proves that with a good cast, a  good script and reasonable special efects, the crumbiest premise can be  turned into an enjoyable yarn.<br />Note:Four sequals followed, and a fifth is  in development. C.Play 2 is great and Child's play three is reasonable but  arguable.<br />Bride of chucky is good, but don't expect the shocks of party  one because it's more humour.
6305127638|4.0|Jonathan Frakes is hands-down one of the best directors Star Trek has ever had. This talented man needs more work! Give the guy a big film, someone!  If Spielberg is too busy to helm another 'Indiana Jones', then I  respectfully suggest Mr Frakes. He does a fine job on 'First Contact' with  a story that pays homage to Trek folklore. The cliches are all there; time  travel, a threat to Earth and the existence of the Federation. But Frakes  dances with the cliches instead of stepping on their toes. We have an  exciting voyage that finally makes use of the big-screen potential of The  Borg. There are only a couple of flaws to the story and the production  itself. How does someone living in a virtual shanty-town build a starship  in his back yard and why do the space battle scenes only last 55 seconds?  Movies are supposed to give you what you CAN'T get from television. So why  does the average TV episode of 'Deep Space Nine' have far more space battle  action than a two hour big-budget film? Quibbles for sure, but worth noting  anyway. This movie is well worth the money and effort but with the quality  of the TV shows so relatively high it makes you wonder how much longer they can keep the movie franchise going. And yay! Rock and Roll music  finally gets some respect in Star Trek. To hear them tell it, you'd think  that classical and jazz were the only forms of music left in their century! And  finally; have you ever noticed how many Star Trek films are based on, or  have major scenes on the planet Earth? ALL OF THEM EXCEPT 'Insurrection'.  For heavens sake, stay AWAY from the Earth and seek out those life forms  and civilisations! How can Star Trek movies be so much about the Earth?  Trek the STARS some more, guys.
0060922583|5.0|Too bad Michael Talbot is dead so he doesn't have to read the previous review. Of all the books I've read on physics and spirituality--from Michio Kaku's &quot;Hyperspace&quot; to Gary Zukov's &quot;The Dance of the Wu Li  Masters&quot;--this book takes the prize for its elegance, readability and  ability to shock the sleepy mind. They say that reality is just a habit we  fall into. To see a new reality, we need to be jarred awake. This is the  book that rings the alarm clock.
630575067X|4.0|This movie is one of the best. Although this is one of the best movies of all time, the original &quot;Star Wars&quot; movies are the best. As far as sticking to the facts and the future events in episodes IV, V, and VI, the screenwriters have done a pretty god job of keeping on the subject. If you  have not seen this movie, I highly recommend it. It has all the great  elements found in an extremely good movie. Adventure, tragedy, comedy,  romance, drama, great acting, etc. This is also a great stay-at-home family  movie.
0783230893|5.0|This is by far the most amazing movie I have ever seen! It portrays life in such a detailed aspect that it is hard not to love. Kathy Bates and Jessica Tandy did an amazing job and everyone should go out out see this  movie!
6305718954|5.0|Its not scary, but its really great! a very good movie!  with GREAT acting!  BUT dont expect a movie like the exorcist this one is kinda different. PS: the DVD has some REALLY good deleted scenes
B000002GVO|5.0|All you people that rate something one stars, you should be ashamed of yourselves.  This is one of the greatest CD's in existance.  It carries great meaning.  You probably just gave it a poor rating because you were  angry at the world. Well, take it out on something else
B00000JPH5|5.0|This is the best movie to emmerge from the 80's!  I first saw Labyrinth when I was 5, now im almost 18, I still love it.  As soon as it came out on DVD, I went and bought it, as well as the soundtrack. The entire movie is  full of wonderful scenery and characters, with such a deep story, this  movie was sure to push Jennifer Connelely's acting career to the top, and  im sure it did! David Bowie also hit his best with this movie too. No  matter how old you are, you are almost guarenteed to love this movie and  will want to watch it again and again. If you haven't got a copy already,  get one before it goes out of print (again).
B000000WFF|5.0|Okay, so it took me a while to get around to reviewing this album, but here goes. It is pretty well structured, I must say, with the girls actually trading off vocals this time. It is very cinematographic. It  starts out lively, has it's soft and slow moments, and closes off in a  sultry manner. Spice Up Your Life has a light Latin beat to it. Great  followup to Wannabe, as the Spicy ones call on the world to spice up their  lives. Stop is next, with a light 60's feel to it, that just makes you want  to dance. The harmonies are good, especially on &quot;Don't you know it's  going too fast? Racing so hard, you know it won't last?&quot; This is  followed by Too Much. It's a softer song, and the harmonies and lead vocals  just flow. The track arrangement is woven together very nicely, and I loved  the trumpet solo. Saturday Night Divas is next. Not the best song, but a  good effort. Emma's solo saved the song, and I liked the beginning. Never  Give Up comes next, and that was one of my favorites. The three part  harmony is really good, and I love the disco style that it brought. Too bad  it was never released--that song has some potential. Move Over is next, and  I immediately think Pepsi with that song. While the live version is better,  the recording is good. Should have been longer and not as repetitive. That  follows into Do It. I like the keyboard intro, and I liked the way the  verses were set up with one line sung low, by Mel B, Geri and Victoria, and  the next line sung high, by Emma and Melanie C. Denying was also pretty  good. Possible followup to Say You'll Be There (think moog synth). Nice  R&amp;B feel to it. Viva Forever is possibly the best song in the album.  With haunting strings, Spanish guitar, and a &quot;bass line&quot; sung by  Melanie B at the end, it is very good. I loved the harmonies on that song,  and I was left in awe. The Lady Is A Vamp is a great way to close the  album, with each girl singing a part, paying tribute to &quot;former SpiceGirls&quot;, and then to themselves at the end. Hope you enjoyed the show!
B000002JSN|5.0|A classic in every sense of the word, this album - produced by Page himself (and remastered in this version) - is the heart and soul of Led Zeppelin's musical treasures.<br />The sound is distinct; the bass tumbles,  the drums are organic, Plant schreeches and oozes, and Page's guitar burns  and chops.<br />The hooks are killer. There's an organ in one song, a hip-hop  loop in another (this is from 1975, people!), a western saloon piano in a  third ... this album was a revolution.<br />A must for everyone who believes  that the blues had a baby and they named it rock n' roll.<br />ps: Now you'll  also know where Slash copped that gorgeous intro for his &quot;Beggars  &amp; Hangers-On&quot; song from his first solo album; straight from  Zeppelin's &quot;In My Time Of Dying&quot;.
0345350499|4.0|I'm in high school, and this book was on my summer reading list.  Seeing that the book was THICK and about Arthurian legends (which I was not familiar with), I moaned and groaned and left the assignment till late  August.  However, when I began to read this, I loved it.  I read the entire  900 or so pages in four days.  The characters just pull you in... This book  is also good if you do not have a background about King Arthur (even though  these stories are quite different from Sir Malory's).  The characters are  memorable and interesting... even though by the end, you'll feel like  wringing Gwenhyfar's little neck!   (The ending is a little strange...  seems like Bradley just needed a quick way to end it.)
B000007OY0|5.0|I really liked this movie when I saw it.  I thought that it was a great movie with great acting.  Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman were both great.  I have yet to read Stephen King's version of it but I hope to soon.  The  movie was so good that you actually thought that the prisons are like that.   It was great.  I think that everyone should see it.  It has a great amount  of suspense.  Some say that it goes on for too long.  Perhaps it does, but  it needs to be long for you to get the complete feel of what is going on.   See this movie.
B000000OU6|3.0|I feel that this cd is good but my problem is that they should have waited and made it a guns n'roses album.  A guns n' roses band without Axl Rose doing the vocals is just a plain old bad idea.  This cd has great guitar  tabs.  I believe slash is one of the top lead/rythum guitar players of our  time. If axl would have done the vocals it would have been a great  compilation because thats' what this cd is, Gun's N' Roses but without Axl.   Slash, good job, but next time get someone else to do vocals or hook up  back with Gun's N' Roses and axl rose.<br />Guns N' Roses Forever
B00003CWL5|4.0|When I stare down hollywood boulvevard today, it seems packed to the slightest ounce in unoriginality. What puzzles me is just why everyone is claiming &quot;American Beauty&quot;, the supposed masterpiece of freshmen  Sam Mendes, so original. What like tales of confused human souls in  suburbia is something new?  Anyone who has seen Todd Soldoz's  &quot;Happiness&quot; (which is much more funny) and Ang Lee's &quot;The  Ice Storm&quot; (which is much more artistic) will realize that the men  behind &quot;Beauty's&quot; lense had were lacking new thoughts. Even the  main plot of &quot;Beauty&quot; is also nothing new: a middle aged man  going through a typical mid-life crisis, who even has the proper 1960's  props-muscle car to marijuana memorbialia. In short Kevin Spacey is funny,  but thats it.  The performance is barely comparable to that of Jim Carrey  in &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; who's got the funny aspect as well an  utterly timeless performance.  Ditto in terms of Mendes direction.  Interweaving characters in a rather simple fashion is a footnote compared  to the highly-detailed, and breathtaking direction of Spike Jonze (Being  John Malkovich) David Fincher (Fight Club) Stanley Kubrick (Eyes Wide Shut)  and Martin Scorsese (Bringing Out the Dead) but I guess the Academy still  looks towards money, success and public nod instead of complete artistic  originality,  considering those latter three directors weren't even  nominated. But &quot;Beauty&quot; in it's own right is never close to  insipid, as it still retains a low spot on my years top ten list. For a  first time screenwriter, Alan Ball chose the right influence when he  constructed the character of Ricky Fitts, the film's voyeur neighbor. Fitts  is a typical 18 year old: a pot smoker, heavy into technolgy, but in the  same breath he seems to be a transcendal prophet in his time. Almost a  modern day Emerson. Ball must have viewed Terrence Malick's &quot;The Thin  Red Line&quot; before editing the final script, because Wes Bentley's Fitts  resembles Jim Caviezel's Private Witt so closely, its amazing. Set against  a world that is ravished to hell in terms of true eligance and emotion,  they seem to have found their own world where heaven does exist, whether  it's Guadalcancal Island 1943, or a modern middle class consumerville.   When he can't keep his eyes of Jane, a girl who &quot;try's to look  unattractive&quot; instead of Angela, an ego-blonde sexpot, we realize that  Ricky is different, and at this point most watching this film are through  off (considering a majoirity of the audience consists of old people and  high school jocks slumming with their priss girlfriends.. well that's what  I've seen anyway) Although Mendes hopes you don't notice, Ricky is the  film's pivot, not Spacey's played pedophile. Ricky causes the Burnham  family to twist and shutter, as Spacey realizes his youth, and Jane  realizes their is someone who she can connect with and even trust ( on a  spiritual level that streches so much beyond the borders of rural love it  has to be unreal) Like Witt, Fitts may not have many lines, but his quiet  intensity and feeling cause the film to be perhaps more memorable than  sheer originality (such as &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot;). So in the end  I say this; take back all the Oscars, and hand only one to  &quot;Beauty&quot;, the one it should have deserved: Best Supporting  Actor-Wes Bentley.
0783240503|4.0|I love the music from Joseph, so I was somewhat disappointed in the inconsistency of the music track on the DVD.  The brothers always sounded as if they were singing in the &quot;background&quot;; I even sent my first  DVD back and got another, thinking it was defective.  I've seen three stage  versions of Joseph, and, by far, Donnie Osmond is the best. I'm was glad  that he was chosen for the video.
0375703764|1.0|To begin with, all those &quot;innovative&quot; devices of typographic collages and design were already tired and empty mannerisms in the &quot;so-called&quot; and long defunct avant garde of the early 20th century. None of that stuff survived and is read today, for it was just a  fashion item, a novelty aimed at gathering the efimerous infatuation of  those who consume literature, or popular art, as flavor of the month  andywharloades. What this novel constitutes, besides a pretentious bore, is  a retrograde concept of innovation purely based on century old gimmicks or  three decade old B series TV shows. This is truly a book for the TV age and  the TV mentality, so probably that explains the disparity of tastes  expressed on these reviews. My own opinion, and advice to the reader  looking for new and brilliant horror writing, would be to find really  smart, fun and well written stuff by authors as different as Jonathan  Carroll, Thomas Ligotti or Graham Joyce. These people are real writers,  artists with craft, with a world to tell and the talent and the chops to  put it on paper. Mr.Danielewski is a pop star, the Menudo or NSync of  &quot;cool&quot; stuff.  They should sell this item at the Gap along with  the books of &quot;poetry&quot; by Jewell. I bet they'd shift even more  tons of this drivel than they already are.  Everybody in Khakis! Everybody  buy this book!  Even the blurbs on the jacket sound even faker and more  plastic than usual.  So many fantastic books and great writers out there to  discover... don't let publicity and MTV airhead salespeople fool you. Or at  least, take time to sample the &quot;genius&quot; in this book before you  buy.
630575067X|4.0|Star Wars Phantom Menace(1999).127mins Dir.George Lucas ,Starring Ewan Mcgregor, and Liam Neeson . Anakin Skywalker aka Darth Vader is discovered as a young child with  an incredible spirit  of a young Jedi Knight   emerging.First knowledge of the Sith emerging in the face of Darth Maul.  Humerous characters such as Ja Ja Binks ,are introduced to the   series.Packed with adventure and action,with amazing computer visual  effects. Thomas Squara.
0517122707|5.0|welcome to the world of ignatuis j reilly, by turns misanthropic,  enigmatic and down right rude; one can only imagine how much truth pertains  to the author in the pages of this god foresaken and heaven sent novel.  Its one of those reads where one never knows whether the tears you, the  reader, shed mean laughter, pain or both. mystifying in its complexity, yet  light enough to leave copies scattered about the neighborhood without  anyone accusing you of littering a public space. great writing cut from  swiftian stone.
B000031WD9|5.0|The definitive &quot;Porky's&quot; of the 1990s.  Everyone can surely identify with at least one character in the movie. I have never met anyone who has done the infamous pie gymnastics......yet.<br />Buy it without  regrets!
B00003CWPR|5.0|In my opinion this is Kubrick's best.  This oddessy takes the viewer through many different facets of human sexuality by following a man who is jealous and disturbed by his wifes thoughts of another person.  The  cinmeatography is breath taking, and it is probably the best preformance of  both Cruise's and Kiddman's carriers.  It is well worth watching.
B00002NDB1|1.0|All I can say is Maiden is definately back and I am hella psyched about it.<br />Virtual XI--- I have heard it said that 'The X Factor' and 'Virtual XI' aren't bad albums, they  are just different.  I am all for 'different'.  I was for 'different' when  Metallica was rumoured to change direction and I remained open minded when  Iron Maiden lost Bruce.  However, Iron Maiden isn't different, they are  just uninspired. In fact, while &quot;The X Factor&quot; did change  direction, this record has them attempting to accomplish the same thing  they did so brilliantly in their &quot;Number of the Beast&quot; to  &quot;Seventh Son&quot; days. 'The Clansman' sounds like a parody of  'Alexander the Great' and Hallowed Be Thy Name', or more closely, a parody  of Spinal Tap's 'Stonehenge'.  The guitar melodies echo past glories but  are unmemorable and the progressions rarely establish any continuity,  sandwiching competant sections with parts that are utterly disorganized.  With the exeptions of 'The Angel and the Gambler' and 'Futureal', 'The  Clansman' is largely representative of the rest of the album, making this  frustraion applicable for the other tracks as well.<br />As for 'Futureal', we  actually approach a good song here, but 'The Angel and the Gambler' acts as  if &quot;epic&quot; is defined by track length instead of profundity.  (&quot;Come on guys, only 8 more minutes to go!&quot;)<br />Blaze has a weak  voice, and while Dickenson's greatness further spotlights Bayley's  ineptitude, it is not an excuse.  What makes this worse is that Blaze's  darker style actually has potential, which succeeds in keeping your hopes  up long enough to make their empending crash even more devestating.  To  clarify, Blaze sings in lower octaves than Bruce which could have amiably  replaced the Dickenson 80's, &quot;hero rock&quot; sound with a doomy feel  more appropriate for today. Unfortunealy, Bayley can't hold a note more  than three seconds and often, sounds like a pubescent teenager whose voice  is changing.  Indeed, while Janick Gers continues to do a decent job on  guitar, there is no one that could have made us miss Bruce with more  anguish than Blaze Bayley.  Now that Dickenson is back, I wish Blaze well -  well far from Iron Maiden.<br />If &quot;Virtual XI&quot; is a comeback, it is  only because it &quot;comes back&quot; to classic Iron Maiden style, but  the results are still painfully tragic.<br />It is recommended that you wait  for the new record, &quot;Brave New World&quot;. If you are new to Iron  Maiden, you are better off pretending that the last two albums never  happened. I know I would have been...it is only because of my sincere,  longheld love for this band that I offer my critisms.  From what I have  heard of &quot;BNW&quot; we will not be disappointed again.teenager whose voice  is changing.  Indeed, while Janick Gers continues to do a decent job on  guitar, there is no one that could have made us miss Bruce with more  anguish than Blaze Bayley.  Now that Dickenson is back, I wish Blaze well -  well far from Iron Maiden.<br />If &quot;Virtual XI&quot; is a comeback, it is  only because it &quot;comes back&quot; to classic Iron Maiden style, but  the results are still painfully tragic.  <br />It is recommended that you wait  for the new record, &quot;Brave New World&quot;. If you are new to Iron  Maiden, you are better off pretending that the last two albums never  happened. I know I would have been...it is only because of my sincere,  longheld love for this band that I offer my critisms.  From what I have  heard of &quot;BNW&quot; we will not be disappointed again.
B000000WFU|5.0|Despite having been tagged as part of the Delta Airlines commercial, this CD creates a sonorous landscape to immerse yourself into. The vocals are passionate and the overall tonal quality of the sound goes well with  candlelight.
B00000K19E|5.0|Fantastic Movie with a clever plot. The special effects are excellent and the acting is also fantastic.
B000002URV|5.0|I will admit to being an Enigma junkie, however the firstremains the best CD in terms of creating an alternate reality ofmoods. This Cd is quite good to relax and meditate to or to create some great Tantric moments with that special someone.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This is fantastic. The stand-outs are, &quot;Pretty Fly (For a White Guy)&quot;, &quot;The Kid's Aren't Alright&quot;, &quot;She's Got Issues&quot;, &quot;Walla Walla&quot;, &quot;No Brakes&quot;, &quot;Why  Don't You Get a Job?&quot; and &quot;Americana&quot;. This is a fantasic  album which has produced 4 great singles (2 went to #1 in Australia). A  REALLY COOL ALBUM WITH LOTS OF FEATURES.
6305718954|4.0|Stigmata may not make it to the hall of fame as the scariest movie of all time, but it did have enough action and special effects to keep you quite riveted. Despite some of the throwback nods towards &quot;The  Excorcist&quot; in some scenes, overall I enjoyed this far more than the  Sixth Sense which was grossly over rated.
B00000K3UR|3.0|This was an OK movie. I laughed a bit. I just took two stars off it because of Adam Sandler. He isn't a good actor.
0792844793|5.0|As the previous review so vehemently indicates, Lynch is not for everyone. Blue Velvet is obviously not for children or those whose minds have been programmed to tolerate only Hollywood formula movies. If you sit down to  watch movies with a little checklist of expectations, by all means, see  American Beauty. It's a good movie. You won't be disappointed by lack of  plot, and there are many sitcom-style characters who experience a change,  and numerous clever dialogues that you have heard before in slightly  different variations, such as Happiness and the Ice Storm. American Beauty  is even in a way influenced by Lynch's film. For those who enjoy original,  artistic, high-risk mysteries, see Blue Velvet.
0385486804|4.0|Jon Krakauer is a top-notch journalist who had his work cut out for him in tracing the eccentric travels of Chris McCandless, an educated young man who starved to death in the Alaskan outback.  Was McCandless an  irresponsible fool, a daring adventurer, or a devout truth seeker?  The  best part of Krakauer's book is that he lets you decide for yourself.  He  offers his personal insights into the reasons McCandless took up a life of  wandering, but largely lets the facts speak for themselves.  The book is  replete with excerpts from McCandless' journals and letters, as well as  accounts from the many people who encoundered McCandless during his  travels.
B000021XS0|5.0|This is the best album in the last 10 years. I'm not saying that as an attention getter, that's really how I feel about this record. It has the quiet and subtle acoustic parts. The roaring progressive romps through mode  changes and solos. The accessible, but not wussy, hard rock songs. Then  there's the songs that tell you to hide the childeren and cover your hair  and your eyes. A  story is told through the album and the music holds it's  own as instrumental pieces also. Very good CD.
B00004LN16|5.0|First off, this is a Great Album, uh I mean CD. (can we still say album?)  <br />Second, if you've been waiting 20 years for something like Back in Black again, this is it.  If you've been waiting for some old style Bon Scott  AC/DC, this is it. Somehow the guys have managed to superbly repackage the  entire AC/DC sound. The feel definately grabs you by the 'short hairs' and  follows with several shots of feel-good power, something todays bands  should take note of! <br />Another great thing about it is, it has some songs  you can sing along with, and others your left saying &quot;what did he  say?&quot;  What the heck, you can just make up your own words to fill  in!<br />Give it several listens and slowly it evolves more to a Back in Black  feel than the Bon Scott days, true AC/DC thru and thru however. (With a  dash of Flick of the Switch thrown in)<br />Since they really only put out 2  new CD's in the 90's I for one, am glad the boys are back and on track,  then again with AC/DC there's only one!<br />This only proves for AC/DC, it's  a long TIME at the TOP, if you wanna rock an roll!<br />Thanks Guys!
B000002MG1|5.0|Automatic is magnificent.  A beautiful collection of twelve songs that examine, each in their own good time and space, the mortality, politics, and nature of humanity not only on earth but in the soul.  It is often  called the death record, but Automatic is much more encompassing than that.   Its scope envelopes life, death, and beyond.
0792835719|5.0|This movie instantly captivates u and brings u back to the good ole days when u were a kid and looked up at the night sky and dreamed of outer space. Great acting and an eerie and unique musical score help meld this  movie's landscape and story into a classic that will live on forever. This  film will live on to represent mankind's vision of the very far future and  how during the years, our views of the future change. Instead of childbook  awe-inspired imagination, today's films are commercialized and cannibalized  to create profit. Watching this film, you can see that it was very  influential in the derivative Star Trek and Star Wars.
0553274503|5.0|Consistently somber with a whole bunch of ironic laughs that are found mostly in between the lines of what Charlie writes.  Holds your attention all the way through and never lets you down.  By the end, this book is  enough to make you cry.  Not me though.  No sir.
052594527X|5.0|This is a lovely book.  If there is little action on the surface, there is a great deal in the hearts and heads and souls of the book's characters.  The recreation of a mid-seventeenth-century Dutch serving maid's mentality  is extraordinarily well done, and the seemingly-simple prose is the sort  that only very accomplished writers can manage.  Compared to a  sadly-overhyped work like &quot;The Dress Lodger,&quot; this is a small  masterpiece.  For those readers who have complained that the book is dull  or slow, I would offer that books this fine (like the mirrors in Vermeer's  paintings) cast revealing reflections...some responses tell more about the  superficial reading habits of our contemporaries than they do about the  books (read, for example, the reader reviews of the best English-language  novel of the last quarter century, &quot;The Blue Flower,&quot; by Penelope  Fitzgerald--some readers seemed disappointed that it didn't offer Tom  Clancy-style action).  For those who still know how to read, and who love a  truly well-done novel, this is worth the price.
B000002HAF|4.0|The Pixies are one of the greatest bands ever.  When unfamiliar people ask what kind of music they play, it's hard to explain it to them.  'Neo-punk anti-surf rock' just about says it all though.  Surfer Rosa isn't nearly as  good as Doolittle, but it's still pretty great.  Particularly Where's My  Mind.
B00000JGHM|5.0|I must say that the sounds of the guns being fired during the bank robbery were very realistic (I would know). I don't think that the cops would fire back at the robbers in the heart of LA. I think the cops would let them go  in the car until they were away from civilians. That's my opinion on the  bank scene.<br />Overall, I thought this movie is ahead of any other dumb  crime/action movie, although some people might think it's too long.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is great! I bought it because I liked &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; and some of their previous singles, like &quot;Truly, Madly, Deeply,&quot; and I discovered that all the tracks are great. I love every  single song on this album.
B00003TL18|5.0|Now I have (own) the CD and after listening to it several times am compelled to upgrade my four star rating to five. From the intro on &quot;Only The Lonely&quot; to the last chord of &quot;Pretty Woman&quot;  this is an exciting concert that makes me with I had been there.
0440219078|5.0|Lois Lowry did a wonderful job of creating the perfect utopia in  her book. I shudder to think of a place that is as blind as Jonas's(the main caracters)community. The book begins, explaining the plot, and most of the main caracters. Later on in the story a gifted man, who Jonas calls the Giver is introduced into the story. A interesting, yet wonderful book.
0754013316|5.0|This book is excellent!  I read it on a flight back from Europe, and it had me captivated.  The story takes place in a charming French village, quiet and boring until a stranger come to town and opens a colorful  chocolaterie.  The incredible descriptions of her confections will have  your mouth watering!  I highly recommend this book if you enjoyed  &quot;Like Water for Chocolate&quot; and the films &quot;Eat, Drink, Man,  Woman&quot; and &quot;Simply Irresistible&quot;.
B00001ZWTS|5.0|I like this movie, but if your parents are the kind of people who are protective of their children, then, I wouldn't try buying it online.  It is a tad inappropriate for young kids, what with all the swearing, but there is a well designed plot that keeps you watching, rather than going to  refill the popcorn bowl, or get a Coke from the refridgerator.  Of cource,  once I start watching a movie, no matter what it is, I dont get up, unless  you count Pokemon, which I really hate.
0743200799|2.0|In 400+ pages, the most common word is &quot;I.&quot;  Kranz offers little that is new, other than his &quot;I&quot; perspective, and manages to ignore some of the most important people of the space race, including his  ultimate boss, Robert Gilruth, who is only now beginning to get the credit  he deserves.<br />   Kranz owes his fame to Apollo 13 -- the movie, not the  mission.  But for a quirk of scheduling, other and better flight directors  would have been in his seat during &quot;the problem.&quot;  Not that he  wasn't good, and that his book doesn't give some insight into his ramrod  militaristic nature; he shows how decisions were made on his shifts, or  sometimes not made quickly enough.<br />   Other authors have covered the same  ground on mission actitivities, with better writing skills and more  colorful details.  His own admission that he had little contact with  astronauts leaves the book with a gap of understanding, and left this  reader with the hollow feeling that too much is missing of the real story  in mission control and too much is present of a fairly modest &quot;I&quot;  story.
6305718903|5.0|I loved this movie...I really didn't know what to expect, maybe another Exorcist wannabe.  This  movie really had me intranced.  It wasn't only an intense movie it also made me wonder about the state of religion...I would  reccommend this movie to everyone!   The sound track was great too!
0783241569|5.0|Notting Hill is one of the best movies I've ever seen!  In fact, I've seen  it three times and will buy the video as soon as it is available on VHS.   Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant are superb, as well as the rest of the  wonderful cast.  The rest of characters helped to make this movie a  delight.
0446605409|5.0|I read this book before I read the new DeMille book, The Lion's Game, and I really liked this book better.  It lays the framework for his next book and you will find that John Corey is an interesting character that you will  learn to care about.  You won't be able to put the book down until you find  out what's going on on Plum Island.  The chatter is interesting and the  characters even more so.  Try this one, you'll like it.
0440234743|5.0|The Testament was a great book, in my opinion. Like all Grisham books the start was better than the finish. The end was rushed, but isn't it always. I would hope everyone would read this on. One of Grisham's finest.
6305750750|4.0|Despite constant media criticism, and the annoying Jar Jar Binks, this is a solid movie. Keep in mind as you watch that it is only the beginning, and will seem far more complete when the prequels trilogy is finished. If for  nothing else, buy it for the lightsaber battles alone!
1556154844|5.0|For those that have been in the software game for some time know, most &quot;professionally&quot; written code isn't! If you are serious about your professional development, this book is a must for your library. Its  &quot;common sense&quot; approach to software construction, backed up by  key studies, data, and observations, is something that most professional  programmers (I've seen) lack. It has changed several of my habits for the  better and has allowed me to indoctrinate newly hired programmers in  fundamentals that might otherwise have taken them years to discover and  internalize.
B000002H6C|5.0|This (along with Puppets and the Black Album) are Metallica at their peak.  I must admit I hated the CD when I first got it, and liked only One and Blackened.  Then I got used to the length of the songs, and now I realize  that each song is incredible with very melodic solos (Solos are especially  awesome in Dyers Eve, the Frayed ends of sanity and To Live is to Die).   Every song is awesome, but my favorites are naturally One, but also Dyers  Eve, Blackened, and Eye of the Beholder.  And To Live is To Die!  That  instrumental nearly brought tears to my eyes the first few times I heard  it.  It's a very epic, yet sad tribute to Cliff.  In my opinion, To Live is  to Die is the best thing Metallica has ever written.  This CD is a MUST  buy, although it may take a while to get used to.
B000021Y74|5.0|This film is a refreshing and euphoric look at 20 minutes in Lola and Mannis' life.  If you do not try to overanalyze this film, you will enjoy it.  The key here is to sit back, relax, and absorb yourself in this  fantastic piece of work.
B000003TBP|5.0|just...wonderful magic and ...you know...Beck! I wish I could give 6 stars!
079073804X|5.0|i am 11 and this film scared my parents,but not me.according to me,this movie is kinda funny.
0684874350|5.0|Everytime I think of this book, I actually get the chillsbecause I loved it so much. McCourt's descriptions of not onlyLimerick but also of Brooklyn were wonderful.  While I don't usually like humor in my books, I loved McCourt's humorous writing style.  No one tells a story like Frank McCourt.  It's so from the heart.  Now the fact that I'm part Irish, lived in Brooklyn and am Catholic probably added to my enjoyment of this book.  I do know that everyone I've recommended it to has loved it as much as I did.  END
B000005RFQ|5.0|This album is great.It prooves sab can rock still without Ozzy or Dio.Ians wailing can get aggrivating sometimes,but it still a classic.Digital b**CH sound fuzzy,but bass will do the trick.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I think Alanis' first album was overrated.  It's not bad, but her voice was very grating, and a lot of the songs got old fast.  Junkie is another story altogether.  It's one of my favorite albums, and I can't see myself  getting sick of it any time soon.  Front Row, Baba, and Sympathetic  Character are among my favorite songs, and every time I hear them I'm still  stunned by how great they are.  Considering how much better her music has  gotten since the first album, I can't wait to hear what she comes up with  next!
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is perfect in every way.  The way each song leads into the next is breathtaking.  The first track is very misleading, as the opening &quot;Airbag&quot; seamlessly melds into &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, the  listener is thrown for a loop.  The songs range from the soothing &quot;No  Surprises&quot;, to the jangly &quot;Electioneering&quot;, to the hypnotic  &quot;Fitter, Happier.&quot;  The album must be listened to as a whole for  it's effects to really become noticeable, but it one of the most rewarding  listening experiences in recent years/decades.
0871359448|4.0|This is the epic that got all other Marvel epics started, and is still the  best crossover (except for The Age of Apocalypse [which any die-hard  Marvel-phile should read in its entirety!])) that the House of Ideas ever  put out.  Not only is the prospect of having all of the great Marvel heroes  battle it out against a madman of a cosmic being, but it is also  interesting to see the Marvel definition of the Universe.  Many characters  are present in this book that represent the various ideas of philosophy and  metaphisics.  Love,Hate, Eternity, the Celestials, the Great Tribunal,  Galactus, Mephisto and more all are present for the great climactic battle.   Marvel's riveting representations of philosophical and spiritual ideas  seem to create its own mythology, with these &quot;rulers of the  omniverse&quot; as the gods and the pantheon of superheroes as, well, the  heroes. Not only are the ideas and interpretations held within this volume  interesting, but the plot and characters (and their respective reactions to  each other and their situation) make for a masterpiece of comic book  literature.  Oh, and the ending and the epilogue are superbly crafted and  just a little bit funny.  Definately a great read.  Check it out, and  enjoy!
B000002B82|5.0|The Ozzman once again does justice to heavy metal's yesteryear.  The tunes still sound fresh, making it hard to believe this album is 9 years old.  Arguably Ozzy's best and obviously Ozzy's hardest release to date, the  title track is worth the price alone.  Other hits being 'Mr. Tinkertrain',  'Mama, I'm Coming Home', and the power ballad 'Road to Nowhere'.  The  guitars are loud and heavy but don't seem to overshadow Osbourne's unique  vocals.  This is, in my opinion, easily Ozzy's greatest album.  You won't  be dissapointed.
0375420525|1.0|Don't waste your time trying to decipher this supposed novel. Will make a good paper weight. Fortunately I got a copy from the library and didn't waste my money. Don't let the good reviews fool you. Check it out at the  library first....
B000002JS6|5.0|This is truly AC/DC it it's best.  'Hell's Bells' is a tune that has obviously stood the test of time, while other singles ('You Shook Me All Night Long', 'What Do You Do For Money Honey', and the guitar-heavy title  track) still seem to stand out.  Replacement lead vocalist Brian Johnson  quickly made a name for himself after this gem.  If you're searching for  AC/DC's greatest, look no further than 'Back In Black'.
B00002Z88D|3.0|There's something I forgot to add that i did not take into consideration.  I realize that for most of you this is the only live/greatest hits album by metallica available to you.<br />If you want to hear what metallica is  supposed to sound like live w/out the orchestra and you want to get a real  feel for their live presence you need to listen to the CD's from their box  set called: Live S**t, Binge &amp; Purge<br />This is what a metallica live  album should sound like.  It was recorded in 1993, the Pre-Load days, when  they still knew how to rock.  If you compare these two albums that are  several things you cannot deny, no matter the status of your  fanhood<br />1)Metallica has become soft, slow and sold out.<br />2) their live  sound is impeccably better without the orchesstra<br />3)From their talking  betwwen the songs on the Binge and Purge you can tell they were still in  love with their old stuff, they enjoyed playing it.  Now they hate their  old songs.  Lars is seriously regrettable for recording ...And Justice for  ALL.  That is a true shame because it is their best overall album in my  opinion<br />4) the sound from the crowd alone will tell you which metallica  was loved more, the old one!
B000001FKY|5.0|As by far one of the best releases of the 80's, this is a must-have for hard rockers and heavy metal album collectors alike.  'Hysteria' is practically the band's greatest hits by itself, with the exception of a few  other gems on previous and following albums.  'Pour Some Sugar on Me' is by  far the best single on the CD as well as Def Leppard's greatest hit itself,  and the ballad 'Love Bites' is a keeper.  Other picks being 'Armegeddon  It', 'Animal', and the title track.  However, the rest of the album is  equally entertaining.  If you are to just get a taste of this kind of  music, pick up a copy of 'Hysteria', it's truly satisfying.
B00002Z88D|3.0|I give this album three stars.  they got the three because They are metallica and they are a great band.  They have accomplished very much for heavy metal music and have many other great albums.  But I give them Only  three because it fails in comparrison to what they are capable of.  In my  opinion their last few albums have not been up to par of their  potential.<br />They have the potential to accomplish greatness, they have in  the past, but it seems now that they are giving up.  they'drather play  slow, eaier songs, instead of the hard rocking tunes they became famous  for.  they are clearly not staying true to their roots.<br />Metallica has  sold out in all respects.  i play guitar and I can play most of metallica's  songs, and their new songs are just lazy and unoriginal.  james is putting  no effort into his songwriting any more. If you don't believe me, check out  their new song for mission impossible 2.  then you'll understand. then go  back and compare that to an anthem like &quot;creeping death&quot; They are  not the same band <br />They have sold out for radio play and mtv video's.   I'm dissapponted.  And now this classical music symphony orchestra.  these  two kinds of music are on too opposite ends of the spectrum to be combined.   It didn't sound good to me.  If you really listen, listen to the studio  recordings and then the Orchestra recordings you should be able to tell  that the orchestra music takes away from the edge.  It detracts form their  music, slowing it down and taking the feeling out of it.  They by no means  compliment each other.  If you have an ear for music I'm certain that you  will agree with me.<br />I'm still going to buy their albums, but only because  even though they are worse than they were, they're still one of the best  bands out there.  Heavy metal is dead unfortunately and they are one of the  few survivors.<br />A band I recommend is New American Shame.  They rock like  a mother.  I really hope thay go far.  If you want good, hard, head-jolting  rock.  Check out New American Shame.  theyare one of the best new band I've  heard for a long long time.
B00004RHZU|4.0|Can't Take Me Home is definitely off the hook. It's a great album and Pink is a great singer. When the album comes out, EVERYONE who is into good music atleast, should think about picking it up from the store and buyin'  it!
0800136586|5.0|I remember loving this movie when I was young, but then grew up and forgot about it....until I saw the new version by Disney.  I immediately decided I must buy the 1981 version for my daughters (6 &amp; 3).  And, now they  watch it at least 2 to 3 times per week.  They absolutely love it.  This  version depicts how life was then and does not turn it politically correct,  as does the new one.  Anyone who sees the new one, should see this one  before purchasing either.  They may just come to love it as much as I did  then and do now.  &quot;It shines like the top of the Chrysler  Building!&quot;
B000002I57|5.0|What a great CD!  Milt Jackson and John Coltrane were two artists on the short list of immortal Jazz Giants. Thetr originality and musicianship were second to none. This CD is fantastic, from &quot;Stairway to the  Stars&quot; to the last song of &quot;Serenaide&quot;, each cut has these  two complimenting each other, then their individual solos are very nice to  hear. It is too bad that they never were able to record with each other  again.  Highly recommended.
B000000ZGO|5.0|This cd is a mellow as it gets!
B000002GB6|5.0|My Uncle Dave played &quot;Feels So Good&quot; for me when it was released in 1977 (I was 11).  Ever since then, it has reminded me of good times and has inspired me to look for comfort in good music.  If your spirits need  lifting, this album is sure to lift you from the doldrums.
B000000ZGO|5.0|This cd is a mellow as it gets!
B000002UB3|5.0|The vocal harmony alone is enough to put the Beach Boys to shame: Listen to the &quot;middle eight&quot; of &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot; where George and Paul repeatedly sing &quot;sun, sun, sun, here it comes.&quot;  Or &quot;Because,&quot; or the beginning of &quot;Sun King.&quot; Yes this  is their best album, but always remember to put their career into the  proper context.  Revolver in 1966 was indeed ahead of its time and an  awesome stand alone album.  Sgt. Pepper was original and broke down  creative barriers, while not as good musically as some of the others.  (However, it contains Lennon's best song as a Beatle: A Day in the Life.)   The White Album of 1968 is absolutely great too, but more of a return to  their rock roots than the offerings from 1967.  Also, their individual  styles are more magnified.  Don't look at Abbey Road as a culmination of  their career together.  It was just a natural progression of their talents.   George Harrison's two songs are a perfect example.  Just imagine if they  hadn't disbanded!
B00001U0DP|5.0|This is one of the best movie I've ever seen. The story was sad but beautiful in a way that I never seen before. Roberto Benigni's performance did deserve the Oscar.
0451450523|5.0|When I was about five years old, I saw the movie they made out of this book.  I suppose that when you're five, you watch a movie like that because of the unicorn.  When I was a teenager, I decided to go back and see what  the book was like.  It was amzing.  I can't discribe how much I was moved.   This is not the usual story of a unicorn falling in love.  It's about our  human emotions, and our limits all through the eyes of a creature who has  just begun experiencing all of it.
6304383827|5.0|I was delightfully and thoroughly impressed with Paltrow as Emma. Jane Austen feared that readers wouldn't like Emma as much as she liked her, but thanks to Ms. Paltrow, the people who watch this movie will never be able  to picture any other face than hers when reading Emma. Beside Ehle as  Lizzie Bennet in Pride and Prejudice, this is the only adaptation of an  Austen book where the actress actually gets the heroine perfect! Watch for  Paltrows slight wrinkle of brow, and cross looks when being chastised by  Mr. Knightly.And Thompson's rendition of Miss Bates is absolutely  wonderful. This is a darling movie - hey, so what if the character  development lacks a little, it's fun, entertaining, gets the message across  and is beautiful to watch. For once I suggest watching the movie first (so  as not to disappoint), then read the book for the in-depth story! Oh my,  and I always thought I was an Austen purist!
B000002C1V|4.0|I somewhat agree with the critics who say the Final Cut is a Waters self indulgent LP. However, I love this album for two reasons. No 1- my grandfather was a WWII vet, and is easy for me to relate what Roger  preaches about remembering and respecting the generation of simple people  who saved our world from unspeakable evil and tyrany. This album also  speaks to me on so many levels of depression, grief and isolation and is  seemingly the soul voice of someone who has very little of a life outside  of his music and his constantly thinking and racing mind like myself.  Reason No 2- David Gilmour is an amazing guitarist, and the fact that his  minimal ability as well as desire for musical input on this album makes his  guitar work that much more astonishing. Perhaps the only album that has  solos even more moving and captivating than The Wall's lead work. The solo  on &quot;The Final Cut&quot; for me jerks even more tears than the  incredible solos in &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; and &quot;Mother&quot;.  Along with the orchestration of composing genius Michael Kamen, The Final  Cut is a seamless fusion of sympthony, rock, blues and folk guitar, with  the haunting poetics and vocals of one of the most egocentric, yet brillant  lyricists and artists of our time, Roger Waters(not to mention is also an  amazing bass player). If there is an irritating point of this album, it's  the keyboard work, only great because of it's obvious imitation of Richard  Wright. I felt it underminded his legacy with the band. Is Pink Floyd as  magical today without Waters? Of course not. However I also couldn't bare  the thought of Floyd without Gilmour, Wright, and Nick Mason, If you don't  believe me, watch the irritable version of &quot;The Wall, Live at  Berlin&quot; and see what I mean.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|Amanda Root plays Anne Elliot wonderfully, though I think Ciaran Hinds was a bit over the top in his portrayal of Wentworth. I don't think Jane Austen had such a forceful Wentworth in mind when she wrote Persuasion.  All the  same, the BBC has come fairly close to rendering as faithful a rendition of  the book as can be done in a 2 hour film. They do a lovely job of bringing  a sad, worn woman back to youthful bloom as she is more in the sphere of  her old love. The actors who played Anne's sisters were terrific, but her  father wasn't near the &quot;fop&quot; in the book as portrayed in the  movie. The story is a terrific one, about love lost and re-won, and what  can befall you if you do not trust your own judgment even when it is  superior to those around you.  This is one of Jane's rare novels where she  takes you to different areas of England...from the countryside to Bath, to  Lyme Regis. It makes for lovely photography and creates visual interest.  This is one of those movies you'll be drawn to watch again and again.
0517543052|5.0|This book is the most amazingly beautiful book I have ever encountered. Reading it brings more love into my heart than even the Bagavad-Gita! Dr. Richard Alpert (Ok, Ok Baba Ram Dass) is an amazingly inspiration to me. I  am only 16, but my life seems to be following the same sort of path that  his did. I ate lots of LSD, experiences cosmic unity, returned, and now I  want more, but I want it permanently :-)  If you've ever eaten LSD, but are  not into spirituality, this book will turn you on to spirituality. If you  are spiritual, then this book will give you a good ammount of practical  experiments and spiritual excersises.  The latest version of this book  (from the Hanuman Foundation) also has a VERY thorough list of spiritually  oriented books rated from &quot;Books good to hang out with&quot; to  &quot;Books good to see now and then&quot; to &quot;Books it is good to  have known&quot; <br />Good stuff! Thanks Richard, I mean, Baba!
B000005QH3|4.0|To wreck a 70 ChallengerR/T in this day is a sin!  Yeah the plot is short and the story silent but this is a classic!A 440 6 pak is nice to hear! WHERE is the book?  In the scene Kawolski sees a bright light and open  road beyond the dozers. The flares were a key to the plot,we all take  chances but some know when,,,,,,,2 choices,1 end. A Hero or just a headline  in the paper--------
B000002H97|3.0|Okay, here's the album that made Metallica HUGE.  And I mean HUGE!  Otherwise known as the Black album, this is album that transitions old-school Metallica into the new-school Metallica.  Yeah, the songs are  alot shorter and more commercial, but SO WHAT! :-)  The songs still pack  lots of punch!  The first half of the album is great.  On the second half,  the songs &quot;Through The Never&quot; and &quot;The God That Failed&quot;  have its weak moments.  But other than that, the Black album is worthwhile.  As for selling out, to partially quote Jason Newsted (the bass guitarist),  &quot;We've sold out every seat in the house.&quot;  Nuff said!
6304233639|4.0|This is not a great movie, and it isn't as impressive on video as in the theater, but it works on a number of levels. I saw a packed house applaud this film twice and I think I know a reason why.<br />Hidden in all the  stupidity (although there are some incredibly well done scenes-- the alien  arrival; the first battle) is a story about a bunch of underachievers  shaking off their problems and saving the day.  You have a President  failing in the polls (Pullman), a fighter pilot (Smith) who repeatedly  fails to make the astronaut corps; an alcoholic Vietnam era fighter  jock(Quaid) who can't do a crop dusting job right; a stripper (nothing  against strippers) who manages to save her family and her dog during the  alien launched holocaust. It's no wonder so many people wanted to see the  aliens lose -- in many ways this movie is about overcoming obstacles.  <br />This movie also makes real everyone's ultimate fantasy of super aliens  taking on a super power -- probably why the blowing up of the White House  caused such a reaction -- seeing that, you know the battle's on. <br />The  message of everyone working together is somewhat lost in the jingoism of  the film, but seeing an Arab/Israeli pilot team  kind of brings home the  message.  It is a silly movie, but at its heart it connects with people's  optimism.  Most movies today are more cynical, so it's interesting that  this one works.  Enjoy it.<br />Also, much has been said about the inability  of the laptop to connect with the alien ship-- Goldblum discovers the  alien's use of our satellite system -- according to the movie they had  already made THEIR system compatible to ours. Well, it's possible, anyway.
B000046PVN|5.0|Truly wonderful.  The original soundtrack was great, but since this has so much more music on it it is truly wonderful.  Sort of going from cheap wine to expensive, full wine!  The book that comes with it explains many more  details about the movie and soundtrack.
B000009EAD|5.0|Yes! these guys rrrrrrrrrrrrrock!
630382790X|5.0|Tom Hanks, Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton, Gary Sinise, Ed Harris, and Kathleen Quinlan star in a heroic story based on the book &quot;Lost Moon&quot; by former astronaut Jim Lovell, the main character of this awesome film.     The suspense starts on Friday the 13th, when Jim Lovell (Hanks), Jack  Swigert (Bacon), and Fred Haise (Paxton) announce a flaw inside their space  shuttle, &quot;Apollo 13&quot;.  After aborting their main mission, the new  objective is to make it back to Earth... alive.  A great film directed with  maximum energy by Ron Howard (later directed Ransom starring Mel Gibson and  Gary Sinise, an Apollo 13 cast member).
B00000K19E|5.0|Excellent movie with Reeves and Jackson.  A thinking man's thriller especially for those who are into computers.  This is one of those movies that are a &quot;must own&quot;.  You get into it the more you watch it.
0767815335|5.0|Jack Slater is a movie-character L.A. hero played by Arnold Schwarzenegger.  When a mysterious ticket is given to his biggest fan, a young preteen obsessed with Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Jack Slater movie  saga, the lad is placed into Slater's fictional movie world and becomes his  little sidekick.  But when suddenly the ticket is taken by Slater's movie  nemesis, the action is taken into the real world in an action-packed  adventure starring Arnold Schwarnegger as Jack Slater AND himself, Charles  Dance as Slater's evil foe, Austin O'Brien as Schwarnegger's young  moviegoer, and Robert Prosky as his elderly friend whom gave him the  ticket.  Loaded with awesome music by Michael Kamen (Die Hard saga) and  directed by John McTiernan (Predator, Die Hard, Die Hard with a Vengeance,  The Thomas Crown Affair, The 13th Warrior).
1573301051|5.0|I love this video. It was fantastic. Good performances given by Celine Dion , Shania Twain, Gloria Estefen BUT my hat goes off to Mariah and Aretha. Seeing the two do a duet was breath-taking. Mariah the greatest  voice of today ( and ever) and Aretha the Queen of Soul was perfect. Mariah  Carey is one reason alone to buy the video. If you aren't the biggest  fansof these ladies you will be after watching this video. I luv you  Mariah!
0694516899|4.0|The best part of the novel is the early life of Lubji and Keith. They are really charming characters as young boys, but then they turn into disgusting adults. <br />What I like most about Archer's books is the richness  in cultural content. I can say that I learned more details about British  culture from these novels than I could have done from any other source. I  also learned to read and write English through Archer's books. Whenever I  write a piece of text or speak in English I can't help making use of  phrases and ideas I read in the Fourth Estate, As the Crow Flies, the  Prodigal Daughter and all these books. I've even started to write my own  stories following his style which I hope to publish someday. <br />I think  Archer should write the biography of a real-world leader like Helmut Kohl  (rise and fall), Pope John Paul II or tycoon Bill Gates.
B000005GW2|5.0|This CD is sweet, sad, touching, fragile, and beautiful.  Chet may not be the most technically accomplished trumpeter or have the sheer power of other singers, but that simply doesn't matter here.  It's all about the way  it makes me feel when I listen to it, and I love it.
B000005S0E|5.0|I am a former owner of &quot;Standing on a Beach&quot; (before I changed over to CDs in 1987) and a current owner of &quot;Staring at the Sea.&quot;  &quot;Standing on a Beach&quot; is the title of the Greatest Hits  double-length cassette that was released in 1986--it included 13 tracks on  the A-side plus rare B-sides on the other half of the cassette.  There was  also a videocassette released around this time titled &quot;Staring at the  Sea,&quot; which included videos/performances of the tracks from  &quot;Standing&quot; PLUS &quot;10:15 Saturday Night,&quot; &quot;Play For  Today,&quot; Other Voices,&quot; and &quot;A Night Like This.&quot;  When  the CD was released, it consisted of the same 17 tracks as were on the  video and was more like a soundtrack for the videotape.  It was therefore  given the same title as the videocassette.  Hope that helps!
B00003CWN2|5.0|Reasons to see this movie: 1.  Hilary Swank's performance isoutstanding.  I have racked my brain thinking about the last severalyears' Oscar winners for best actress and she absolutely outshines them all, hands down.  2.  It's not just a gay film, or a transsexual film, or a anti-bigotry film, although those are important elements in the film.  In its own way, it's very much a love story. You can't always help who you fall in love with, regardless of sex, ( or race or religion or whatever.)  It's Romeo and Juliet, it's the Crying Game, it's the Hatfield and McCoy's, it's West Side Story. As Lana finds out the truth about Brandon, she realizes that she (unlike other characters, notably Tom, John, and Lana's mother) can't just switch off the deep feelings she has for Brandon, just because it doesn't fit in with society's expectations.  3. See it and learn the lesson that we should accept our diversity and live with our differences in a humane manner.
B00000K19E|5.0|Not only is THE MATRIX an excellent film (full of many different elements that make it a fun, thrilling, unique creation), THE MATRIX DVD is loaded with so many options that it takes FOREVER to enjoy them all....but I'm not  complaining, to say the least....Well worth the money....
6305750750|3.0|I went to see this film with some trepedation. On the one hand I was looking forward to the new Star Wars movie, which is enough to get excited about, plus the fact that with new technology the graphics should be  stunning. On the other I was wondering about the rumours I had heard that  the film was a bit watery and lacking in depth.<br />I came out of the cinema  hovering between the two. The Phantom Menace - I have to ask: why is it  called this anyway? - has some exceptionally good points and some downright  awful ones. (Jar Jar Binks is one of the latter; not only can you hardly  understand what he's saying much of the time, he IS as annoying as everyone  makes out.)The acting is superb, no question about that - Liam Neeson and  Ewan McGregor are extremely good, as is Natalie Portman. However the script  is enough to make you wince. The first Star Wars movie sounded unedited,  and so does this.<br />Ray Park is another bone of contention with me. He's a  superb actor, brilliant in the fight sequence, and turns his lines into  something truly sinister. So why wasn't more made of his character? Darth  Maul was fantastic but he only appears once or twice, and dies without even  a last word. He hardly even has a first word, come to that.<br />Overall, the  story is debatable, the visual aspects stunning, the characters held up by  good acting, the script appalling but rescued again by the actors. Buy it  if you love Star Wars enough to gloss over some of its shortcomings.
B000001Y42|2.0|What ever you do get this album from limp bizkit the thing is dont get significant other because its just more rap for instance  the song n2gethernow has method man sing the whole song fred barely even sings in it  .The only songs that are good is nookie,brake stuff,just like this. on the  other hand 3 dollar bill yall  is alot better .even though limp bizkit has  gotten trendy  3 dollar bill yall is alot harder
B000002ADT|5.0|THIS CD IS THE MOST ASTONISHING THING EVER(FOR ME ESPECIALLY)! THIS IS WHY: I AM 12 YEARS OLD. AT SCHOOOL I GO TO BAND FOR 20 MINUTES AT THE END OF THE DAY. WE HAVE WOODWIND INSTRUMENTS, BRASS INSTRUMENTS, AND ABOUT 20  DIFFERENT DRUMS. MY BAND TEACHER-(I WOULD'T MENTION HIS NAME)- BELIEVE THIS  OR NOT, MADE !THIS! WONDERFUL RECORDING IN HIGH SCHOOL! AFTER THAT THEY PUT  THE TAPES AWAY FOR 25 YEARS, AND NOW IT IS ONE OF THE MOST POPULAR CDs ON  EARTH! YOU DON'T HAVE TO BELIEVE ME, BUT THIS IS THE TRUTH!
B000001DTM|5.0|Achtung Baby by U2 is simply the best album of the 90s and one of the greatest of all time. U2 is one of my favorite bands. I love the classic U2 on albums such as the Joshua Tree and War. However, the sound they have on  Actung Baby is incredible. One, Ultra Violet, Mysterious Ways, and The Fly  are some of U2's best songs. This is an incredible album an everyone should  own it.
0385333846|5.0|Although Vonnegut's finest work, &quot;Slaughterhouse-Five,&quot; touches on many subjects, one in particular is the dehumanization of war.  &quot;So it goes&quot; is written after every tragic event in the novel, as if  saying that terrible things occur often in wartimes and one must grow  oblivious to them or the person will crumble.  Billy admits that he never  cried throughout the whole war, even through all of the deaths he had  witnessed and the destitution he had survived.<br />Vonnegut adds to his  description of war's evils by suggesting that soldiers grow to be robots  with no consciences as to what effect their desctructions really  have.<br />Vonnegut has beautifully constructed a novel which is  laugh-out-loud funny, yet tragic, and extremely thought-provoking.  A great  book!
B000002NIW|4.0|When I first heard of the Deftones mentioned in a &quot;new-metal&quot; line-up that included Korn and Limp Bizkit, I assumed they were yet another cash-in-on-successors of rap metal. I was dead wrong. Chino and his boys  rank as one of the most unique and emotional hard rock bands of the 90's  along with Tool. I was surprised how some of there songs such as &quot;Be  quiet and drive&quot; show more of a Radiohead-influence than that of Korn  or Pantera, though the band's influences such as Jane's Addiction, Faith No  More, Helmet and Suicidal Tendencies are readily visible. Stephen  Carpenter, though not exhibiting a completely original style, is  nonetheless a dexterous guitarist who wields some pretty complex riffs. And  Chino Moreno's vocals may be kind of sleepy, but they are pretty unique. My  new metal-hating ilk might hate me and call me a traitor, but I think I've  just become a Deftones fan!
0440219078|5.0|The best book I ever read. My class is reading it and theycan't put it down. I love this book so much. It just smacks you rightin the face and you say, that's so weird.
B000002H97|3.0|Black did not top the first four records but what album ever has? I missed the long songs that went off on a tangent that the 80's stuff brought. This one is more of your typical Intro, Verse, Chorus, Verse, Chorus, Solo Bridge Extro album. In that regard the song writing is somewhat boring. It's good but I find it hard not to compare it to their older stuff. If it were a different band putting this out i would have looked higher upon the song writing. Some decent leads from Kirk. I think the last 4 songs make this record
0876852630|5.0|This was the first book by Charles Bukowski that I read. I swear I hadn't read anything so full of life in my first 16 years (I sort of I believed everything he said). He could make all the events, no matter how annouying, trivial or repeated they were, sound really glamorous. My mother also read  the book, and said that she found it revolting, but just couldn't let it  off his hands.<br />Since then, I have read a lot of Bukowski's works. He can  somehow punch straight through all my defenses and leave me touched, happy  and vulnerable afterwards, unlike anybody else. To me, he is the most  credible literary character there has been in the last few decades.
B00000JCOV|5.0|the best album of 2000 by far, if you like heavy meatl you'll love slipknot. the album features 14 tracks (plus 3 bonus tracks depending on which one you buy) all of which you'll never get bored of. The best song on  the album is spit it out because of the amazing lyrics and tune! here is my  top 5,<br />1.spit it out 2.wait and bleed 3.sur facing 4.liberate 5.diluted
630575067X|4.0|It's important to note that I am only giving this movie four stars because I am an avid fan.  You'll see no argument from me in that it was not better than the first three.  It still makes an interesting flick.<br />Some of the  movie's downfalls are that : 1) &quot;Overkill&quot; on the digital  effects.  (I still have yet to see a Jabba the Hutt that is realistic and  compares to the vile form from Return of the Jedi.) 2) Can't understand  what Jar-Jar Binks and his other race members are saying. 3) The first 1/3  of the movie is saved by the Jedi scenes, otherwise it contains rather  boring characters.<br />Lucas did score big on his digital effects with the  fantastic pod racing scene and the ending jedi knight duel.  (Too bad my  two favorite characters were both killed.) One aspect that might take away  from the movie if you are a Star Wars fan is that some of the intrigue is  taken away when you already know what happens in the future.  (aka Senator  Palpatine becomes the Emporer, Anakin becomes Darth Vader)<br />It's still a  good movie that I would rate above other multi-million special effects  giants such as Armageddon, Godzilla, Independece Day etc...
0060977493|4.0|I would not say that the plot of this book monumentally changed my life, but if anything affected me, it is the style in which this book is written.  I do not believe it is at all confusing, but mysterious and clever.  Roy  jumps from one event to another and there are so many one-lined perceptions  about life where I found myself saying &quot;I wish I had written  this!&quot;  I suppose the message of this book is that we all live  incredibly different lives (our families that is) and yet our lives are so  incredibly similar.  I found myself reminiscing about my own childhood and  the little tokens and events that richly impacted my life...while most of  the time, I have been completely unaware.     I relished the sensitivity of  this novel towards one's surrounding environment, to one's inner feelings.    The subconcious is a powerful force and I feel that Roy believes  this...and this belief is exhibited in this fabulous book.
B000023VR6|5.0|I really like this cd. All the songs are really cool, especially &quot;Forgot About Dre&quot; That video was sooooo cool. If you don't have this cd do yourself a favor and go get it!
6305627401|1.0|Parent's are you just retartedor do you give a damn? One daymaybe parent's will wake up.Iam realy in a state of shockthat parent's have gotton tothe point where they let thekid's do all they want to doand more. It's reality  check time. Wake up.
B00003CXDU|5.0|I loved this, it is so a spoof on Star Trek, and you have be a fan of Star Trek to tuely appreciate this movie.  I would Recommend this to anyone looking for a few good laughs in a really well done flick.
0440219078|4.0|I read this book for my children's literature class. It dealt with in depth issues involving our society, such as euthenasia, individuality, and more. The book has some very in depth issues so I would not recommend it  for anyone younger than 10th grade. As an adult and a mother I thought this  was an excellent book. I think even an adult could get a lot out of this  book. I commend Lois Lowry for her effort to deal with the tough issues  that face our society today.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I thought that this movie was definatly one of the best for 1999.  If you don't decide to buy the movie, at least rent it at your local video store because you don't want to miss out on this movie.
B00000J6AG|5.0|...that so many are closed-minded and unwilling to change.  I read some of these reviews and chuckled lightly.  One person complained of formula.  Romans 2:1 says that we judge others because we do the same thing.  If you  think this is formula, I'd venture you are disappointed because you seek  formula, and this ain't it.<br />On that note: this album is tremendous.  The  blues/gospel theme is fitting as Moby makes no bones about trying to  emulate Jesus Christ, on his own terms.  Yet I think it was the Quran that  posed the challenge to its critics: go ahead, try and imitate one verse of  this text.  Well, for the critics of Moby: go ahead, try and create  something close to this.<br />Moby is seeking to transcend not to impress or  flatter.  Open your mind a little, open your ears and listen to a modern  day prophet.
B000002H97|5.0|The black album I look at as the best Metallica album ever.  There are so many great songs. Enter Sandman, Sad but True, Don't Tred on Me, and Unfogiven just to name a few.  I can put this Cd on repeat all day and  never get tired of it.
0684867621|5.0|As Orson Scott Card once put it, there are three types of fear, and Stephen King knows which is the most powerful - Dread. This book keeps you reading (and sweating) simply because you don't know what the hell is out  there. He won't let up on his poor character, and you truly care about  what's going to happen to her, something which is typically missing from  horror stories. I completely loved this book - one of his best, which is  saying a lot.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the clearly the best action/sci-fi movie i have ever seen! If anyone thinks &quot;Mission To Mars&quot; was good, think again this movie was far better then any other sci-fi/action movie ever. The graphics were  astounding and the soundtrack was off the hook!  Clearly for anyone who  likes &quot;Mission Impossible&quot; type movies.
6305807426|5.0|Don't analyse this film or admire it's fine acting talents (the film is dubbed) - you won't get anywhere. Instead admire the skillful direction by the virtuoso director, Dario Argento. This film, like Suspiria, are truly  ingenious as they don't quite seem like this world. The sets are all  fractured and watered with vibrant colours of red and blue. The most  effective part of the film is the soundtrack. Most of the film, including  one great and graphic murder scene, are (if I remember correctily) set to  Beethoven.Enjoy!
1573225517|5.0|If you're a woman looking for insight into a man's mind that isn't some stupid Cosmo magazine thing, you have two great options right now: Hornby's High Fidelity and Brauner's Love Songs of the Tone-Deaf. If you're a man,  you should read them too, because you'll completely identify (my boyfriend  did). Both books are dead-on hilarious portayals of the way slacker  generation guys think, and both are my favorite books of the last three  years -- intelligent, well-written, funny novels that confirm your best  hopes about literature.
B000002HAF|5.0|The Pixies &quot;Surfer Rosa&quot; is an amazing experience. This 1988 album is a superb mix of brilliant songwriting, insane lyrics, abrasive guitars and stunning melody. Many of the songs are brutal, with heavily  distorted guitars and strange lyrics about incest and injury, yet they are  often quite catchy and melodic. This single album influenced more bands  than any other album of the late 80s. But none of them can ever even hope  of making something even half as brilliant as Surfer Rosa.<br />The first  song, &quot;Bone Machine&quot; is a classic. It's the quintessential Pixies  song. Also, listen to it and you'll realize how much they influenced  Nirvana. &quot;Break My Body&quot; and &quot;Something Against You&quot;  are fast and furious, &quot;Broken Face&quot; is one the best Pixies songs.  &quot;Gigantic&quot; is haunting and beautiful, with thunderous guitars and  drums swirling around Kim Deal's lone bass and beautiful voice. &quot;River  Euphrates&quot; is all about melody, and it is excellent.<br />&quot;Where is  my Mind?&quot; is the climax of the album, and possibly the best song made  in the 80s. It is chillingly beautiful and unforgettable. If you haven't  heard it, it's the song used over the credits at the end of Fight Club  (great movie). &quot;Cactus&quot; is different, and &quot;Tony's  Theme&quot; rocks. Although the last four songs don't seem quite as  focused, they are still excellent.<br />To close, Surfer Rosa is one of those  timeless, brilliant rock albums that everyone should own. What are you  waiting for?
B00003CWPR|1.0|This movie is a waste of time and money.  I don't  think that the movie deserved that much attention. Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman are the reasons that people went to see the film...but it isn't their fault, the film was  just really..well, your eyes would prefer to keep shut..mine were anyways,  I slept through most of it.
6305750750|5.0|i don't happen to be a &quot;Star Wars nerd&quot; who camps by the entrance to the theaters in costume, as another reviewer below suggests you'd have to be to give this movie a 5. In fact, I hadn't even seen the  other 3 movies before I saw this one. I LOVED IT. Natalie Portman did a  wonderful job. All the other actors were also good, I thought, except  Anakin. He was really cheesy in places. Personally, I don't even find  Jar-Jar as annoying as the rest of the world. He wasn't my favorite  character, but I don't want to gun him down either. I agree that this movie  would've gotten much better reviews if people's expectations for it hadn't  been so high.
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is one of the funniest book ever written. Funny is not just a way of saying it made me giggle. Really funny novels are funny because they provide surprising insight into the way human beings truly are. Among  classics Catch-22 is the funniest I've read. Brauner's Love Songs of the  Tone-Deaf is the funniest contemporary novel because it has similar amazing  insights -- but it's not a war novel, and who knows if it will have the  relevance that Catch-22 does fifty years later, but anyway I just love both  these books.
B000002G87|5.0|clearly one of the best albums of all time. Allman deserves special recognition. Outstading guitar work.
6305750750|3.0|I did not see this movie until I bought the video. I'm sure it was much more impressive on the 'big' screen. My greatest complaint is that the mostly unintelligible dialogue, as mouthed by Jar Jar and the Ganguns(?),  diverted my attention from the movie as I tried to translate/make sense of  what had been said. Overall, I think that the movie was entertaining but  was too strongly aimed toward a younger (juvenile) audience, hence the PG  rating. Guess I wanted a little more than that.
0425107469|5.0|I have read this book of Dean Koontz' so many times that I will soon have to buy another copy.  Whenever anyone asks me if I know of any REALLY  GOOD books to read, I always tell them of WATCHERS.  My daughter, her fiance, their friends all adore  Koonts/WATCHERS. I'ts a love story, a thriller   and best of all an animal lovers dream come true.  Oh how I wish my puppy  could talk with me like that and who knows---- maybe someday she will.   I  really look forward to a new year. Even though it means I'm getting older,  it also means  a new book by Dean R. Koontz is on its way. I only wish a  year was'nt so long.    Thanks for so much enjoyment, Mr. Koontz.
0515125024|2.0|This book in fact has good pace, but the problem is that all else seems to have been thrown overboard in  order to achieve that. First off, good, sensible plot development - there are just far too many coincidences: why  the hero just 'happens' to be next to where the woman is snatched, why the  baddies don't get rid of him earlier (he's six-five, menacing and with a  serious attitude problem!), etc, etc. And any character depth also goes out  the window, particularly the baddies: they're all just a bunch of faceless,  interchangeable morons who wave guns and shout dumb orders. Fast pace, but  overall you can't help feeling this is just the book version of a rambo  movie: seriously insulting to the intelligence.
B000020617|4.0|I got this CD for Christmas and it initially disappointed me after a few casual listens. I loved the mellowed out sound of the tracks on their eponymous album and the harder edged feel of The Colour and the Shape but  TINLTL takes longer to adjust to. I was looking for another &quot;Big  Me&quot; or &quot;Everlong&quot; but after a few more listens I found them  and Dave and co have you hooked. Its not a drastically different sounding  album, just more reflective than the last. Like me, you may not get this  out of it on the first try. My favourite tracks are Generator, Aurora,  Headwires and Learn to Fly (the video of which is included in the excellent  CDROM extra. Anyone who is looking for more insightful material about the  band should get hold of the limited edition Generator single which includes  some very funny video interviews). If you like the Foo's, Nirvana, Hole or  RHCP (I do), give this one a chance. You'll love it and there are only a  couple of dodgy tracks (e.g. &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; which also takes a  nasty sideswipe at Courtney Love). Now, now children.
B00000IAU3|5.0|As a DJ in college, I was introduced to Tori Amos and Sarah McLachlan.  Add to the ranks Dido.<br />Dido is intelligent, passionate music. A breath of fresh air into the Jewel-like posers and coffee-house musers, Dido stands  head-and-shoulders above the rest.<br />Her music is great, but have you heard  her speak? That's a beautify English accent.<br />If you like Dido, you might  want to check out another fresh young voice:  Tara MacLean.
0312853238|5.0|I love this book.  I've read it so many times, my copy is falling apart.  If you don't own this book,  ! BUY IT!   If you do own this book, buy another copy anyway.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I got this CD just looking for the hit title 'Believe,' but now that I have the whole CD, the affection for Cher is more complete. I've never really experienced Cher's music before I got this CD, and I found her to be  quite a emotional and deep artist. I don't care if she is from many  generations past (being 21) she's great. I think she'll be around for a  long time too! :0)
B00004RHZU|3.0|Somebody must have done somethin' real wrong to 20-year old blue-eyed soul &quot;sista&quot; Pink.  She's used an entire collection of tracks to totally hate on the male species!  Not that I, as a 27 year old male, am  offended, cause I'm shonuff digging her beats.  Her debut single 'There you  Go' caught my attention immediately, as I've grown quite fond of the  Kandi/Shekspere production stamp.  But I was hoping for a little more  sensuality from LaFace's newest offering.  Vocally, Pink brings to mind a  little Mariah mixed with a lotta Mary, which is essentially the way LaFace  is presenting her.  Even on the album's slowest cut, the lovely &quot;Stop  Falling,&quot; Pink is warning a would be suitor that she is not the girl  for him, thanks again to the last man.  Cute, but not exactly pioneering  the concept. Pink has yet to prove that she is  capable of expressing her  anger as disappointing, yet much needed lesson-learning,   as Lauryn Hill  and Mary have done so eloquently before her with similar-themed  collections.
0783240287|2.0|After seeing the stage production, I had great hopes for this DVD and was eagerly looking forward to Dolby Digital 5.1.  It turns out that the 5.1 encoding is so poor that the only way to listen to it is analog Dolby Pro  Logic.  In chapter four for example, the brothers and narrator are center  stage but only the narrator's voice comes out through the center channel -  the brothers are &quot;lost&quot; in the left and right channels.  This is  not the case with analog decoding.  Also, 5.1 levels are a good 10-15 db  below where they should be and 10 db below the analog.  This is the poorest  5.1 mix I have ever seen.<br />This was so bad that I sent the first DVD back  and Amazon graciously exchanged it for another.  The second was just as  bad.<br />If you have a Dolby Digital, don't bother, unless you want to use  the analog channel.
B000002MTU|5.0|In response to all of the recent negative reviews that have surfaced about this recording,let me say that I am not a blues musician but I will put my collection of classic blues albums up against that of any reviewer here who  claims to be steeped in the &quot;real blues&quot; and I wouldn't have  these wonderful recordings if it weren't for artists like Eric Clapton or  The Rolling Stones who have done so much to expose us to all of the great  post-war masters of the form. This album is an outstanding tribute to those  great artists and Clapton has put 30 years of playing the blues into it.  Granted he cannot sing &quot;Hoochie Coochie Man&quot; like Muddy Waters,  nobody can and Eric himself would be the first to agree. But on the other  hand, I haven't heard anybody yet who could replicate the sound of Muddy's  slide on &quot;Standin' Round Cryin'&quot; the way Eric does on this record  and he takes Freddie King's &quot;Someday, After Awhile&quot; to new  heights. Buy this album for the blues guitar playing, it's stellar. And for  those musicians out there who think Eric can't play the blues or just  doesn't have any soul in his playing, let me quote Riley B. King:  &quot;Eric Clapton plays the blues as good as anyone, better than  most.&quot;
0800135954|5.0|This film will not disappoint.  The acting is excellent, as is the script, direction, costumes, and narration.  I think that this film is highly underrated, but I have watched it and enjoyed it many times.  Each time, I  find something new to appreciate.  It is tragic yet inspiring -- covering  topics such as love, war, obsession, depression, but most poinant, the  unconditional love that exists between family members.  Really a great  movie -- you will be missing out if you don't watch it.
0553378384|5.0|If you want the nodes with rose colored glasses deal with your self esteem issues elsewhere, Spillers coverage of the nodes cuts to the chase.  No book is going to be the end all be all, because we are evolving creatures.   This book shows us how we can go with the process versus against it.   Sometimes the truth hurts, deal with it.
B000002J2B|5.0|I have been a fan of Genesis for over twenty years, I think that this is one of their best CD's I have ever listened to. I think it is rich and powerful. Listen to it from within and enjoy it.
B00000K19E|5.0|No one can be told what The Matrix really is, you have to see it for  yourself. Simply genious. Mind boggling. Let yourself fall down the rabit  hole like Alice, and enjoy the real meaning of what a movie really is.
6305750750|4.0|When I first saw Star Wars as a young kid I loved. Now after reading lots of Greek stories and studying film.  Knowing that the films a rip off a lot of different things books and movie told from a new view.  I still love them, there the kind of movie you sit down to enjoy.   The two things that  hurt this movie was that there was no limit to what could be done.  If  there was some that George Lucas wanted, he had the money and was in  charge.  He should have put limits on what he.  Thing of Jaws those famous  scenes from the point of view of the shark, it was only done that way  because the mechanical shark would not work.  Limit cause you think of  different ways of doing things.  And for Jar-Jar as for as much as I did  care for him, I would like to see him in the next movie.  It would be  interesting to see if George Lucas can make him more likeable, even the  Jedi didn't like him.  But all in all I liked the collector edition of this  movie but minus one star for it not being on DVD.  But I'm not going to  hold my breath for it to come out on DVD.  The collector's edition is good  enough till the DVD come out in 2006.  And by that time the new format with  high resolution will be out.  And maybe they re-edit the film to get rid of  the scene of explaining the force control of beings as a micro being in  them.
B000001FDI|5.0|A great experiment of blending Clapton's wondrous guitar skill, Steve Winwood's lyrical genius and with a strong percussion from Ginger Baker.  Can't Find my Way Home is a truelly great song, it fit the movie Fundango  perfectly.  Well All Right is a song that could be released today and make  it far up the charts.  The whole album of six amazing songs is a  masterpiece, one of the best albums of all time.  It is surprising that  Blind Faith did not continue, especially when they combined such great  music styles.
0804106304|5.0|I just read this book, and I loved it! It's about four Chinese mothers and their relationships with their Americanized daughters. There are chapters from everybody's point of view instead of just one narrator, and that  really helps you get a better understanding and view of the story.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Of all ot the movies I have rated 5 stars, Jaws is definetly the best! The music that is played when the great white shark is about to attack is first rate. Steven Spielberg did a fantastic job directing this movie. However I  would not watch it on basic cable of broadcast TV channels because it is  edited and has commercials. The only way to view this movie (in my opinion)  is on VHS, premium cable or (when it comes out) DVD to fully enjoy this  masterpiece of a movie.
630575067X|3.0|The Phantom Menace is Episode One of the Star Wars series, and it personifies the strengths and weaknesses of the series.  George Lucas directs this episode - his first directing job since the original Star Wars  in 1977.<br />Star Wars was partly inspired by the films of Akira Kurosawa,  and The Phantom Menace is the most openly Kurosawa-esque of the series,  primarily in the portrayals of Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) and  Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan MacGregor),  Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman), and the  film's primary villain, Darth Maul.  The Kurosawa influence shows as well  in some of the aliens (almost all of them created by CGI) within the film,  notably the Trade Federation viceroy who commands an invasion of Queen  Amidala's homeworld, Naboo.  <br />Less influenced by Kurosawa are the  Skywalker family, the young Anakin Skywalker and his mother.  Anakin's  passion is podracing - here lies the influence of Lucas' 1973 film American  Graffiti - and in such an endeavor he displays a strength and reflexes that  Qui-Gon recognizes are characteristic of &quot;the chosen one.&quot;   Though the film's podracing angle is more distracting than anything - it  comes off as a Dirk Benedict-esque scam from The A-Team - it does help  establish the relationship between Anakin and Queen Amidala - some have  criticized this angle for tackiness, but I thought it was very nicely  done.<br />There is also politicking in the republic's Imperial Senate on  Coruscant, featuring a nice cameo by Terence Stamp (General Zod from the  Superman films) as well as dialogue between Amidala and Senator Palpatine -  who regular fans of the Star Wars films know will change over the course of  the story.<br />These are the film's character stengths.  The film's  weaknesses are personified in the obnoxious comedy relief of CGI creation  Jar Jar Binks.  Why this alleged character was created in the first place  escapes me.  Alas, he is not alone in the bad-comedy relief department -  his fellow CGI-created aliens are little better, particularly the  slobbering swine named Boss Nass.  <br />Despite this, the film moves very  well, from the rescue of Queen Amidala and her entourage, to the podracing  subplot, to debate in the Imperial Senate (even this scene, like virtually  every other, is smothered in SFX, a strength and weakness to the film), to  the film's dazzling liberation of Naboo.  The highlights of the liberation  are the too-brief scenes of space battle and the exhausting lightsaber  fight between Qui-Gon and Kenobi against Darth Maul.<br />There are even a few  influences from Battlestar Galactica and the real life US Air Force - the  battle droids seen throughout the film sound like Cylons, and their command  ship is reminiscent of a Cylon base star.  As for the USAF, Queen Amidala's  personal spacecraft is little more than a sci-fi version of the SR-71  Blackbird - giving the title an unintended irony; imagine if the Naboo  fightercraft resembled F-4 Phantom fighterbombers.   In all, The Phantom  Menace is a rip-roaring good time.
B0000027RL|5.0|Perhaps one popular band in ten has what could be called a &quot;perfect album&quot; or a &quot;magical album,&quot; one that makes perfect sense and strikes any of a number of emotional chords not just as a collection of  songs, but also as a coherent masterpiece in and of itself.  I am fortunate  enough to own two such albums: Jagged Little Pill, by Alanis Morisette, and  Ten, by Pearl Jam.<br />Pearl Jam is a colection of musicians and creative  artists gifted enough that such an album was likely to be released anyway;  that it was their first was, in the context of the music industry, no  surprise.  But the fact remains that Ten, through its sheer intensity and  pervasiveness, is an album that went beyond mere existence, to solidify  itself in the collective musical consciousness of the nineties and as one  of the great rock albums of all time.<br />Melodic, emotionally hypercharged,  and extremely well-directed, Ten gives the impression that the music was  not so much written as woven.  Listening to it is an experience unto  itself, and if you have ever had fantasies of being a rock star, it is  difficult not to mentally earmark six or seven songs from the album that  you'd particularly like to cover.  There is something magical about each  instrument's melody line, something that strikes a chord at the very  essence of your being and needs no explaination or analysis.  The lyrics  are perfectly crafted with and for the music, and no matter when the album  is listened to, one will never find the vast array of social-dysfunction  issues addressed within out-of-date or archaically expressed.<br />Ten is  something that you have to experience for yourself.  You will be treated to  a rare experience.  One gets the impression that no one could have set out  to actually create something so astounding; the album, more a musical event  than a collection of songs, must have spontaneously created itself.
B00003CWL5|5.0|AMERICAN BEAUTY is a new and absolutely perfect film. After seeing it, your whole outlook on life changes completely. We find beauty in things never before realized to be so. A simple shopping bag can tell a vast array  of stories and deliver unforgettable images. At the end, after the  conclusion, the camera does a slow zoom-out of the neighborhood. This, in  my view, is the most brilliant element of the film. It starts with a  zoom-in and ends with an -out. For a film to touch me as this did, it must  be powerful and it is. Intense, dramatic, well-acted, entertaining, all of  these and more describe this fantastic film. See it, love it, and please,  after seeing it, look at a grocery bag, and say what you really think.
0140288503|4.0|I found this book to be a gripping account of the Battle of Mogadishu.  The story is well written, with character development and an honest attempt to show both the American and the Somali perspectives of the battle. <br />I  have not read much about modern warfare, and this was an amzing peek inside  the dynamics of the modern military, the ethos of soldiering, and the  competition between special forces and regualr units.  Plus, it was a both  an exhillarating account of modern battle and a heart breaking story of  tradgedy. <br />My only criticism is of the editing.  There are many soldier's  stories to follow, and mush of their character development took place  early.  So I often found myself flipping to the index to reference where I  had read about this soldier or that one, etc.  The index, however was  incomplete and innacurate. Some of the page listings did not reference the  topic at all, others were mis- numbered, etc.  As far the book goes,  though, it was great and I highly reccomend it!
B00000JCB2|5.0|On 1998's Family Values Tour a headlining band , Korn, took a band under their wing. And now developed them into one of the best rock bands of today. They even took Korn's spot and headlined the same tour the next  year. The hit &quot;Faith&quot; in which they remade George Michael's old  hit made their first album a breakthrough album. Now onto their sophmore  release &quot;Significant Other&quot;. As soon as you hear the first song  you know your in for a real treat. The first single &quot;Nookie&quot;  became an instant success and helped them rule the album charts. The song  &quot;Break Stuff&quot; is a good rock song in which Fred Durst spits out  explicit lyrics almost every verse. The song &quot;Re Arranged&quot; is a  good mainstream rock song. The song &quot;N2gether Now&quot; teams Fred  with the Wu Tang Clan's Method Man and the critically acclaimed DJ Premier  to show the rap side of Limp Bizkit. If you like rock pick this one up. If  you like their first album you might want to check this one out.
3895089281|5.0|This is an excellent primer.  I would fault it only for too little on styles and their place in the well dressed man's wardrobe and for leaving out Roman Vaingauz at Vincent and Edgar in New York City, very probably the  premier shoemaker of our time.  Professional jealousy?
0385484518|5.0|I've read this book twice thru and cannot believe how it is able to make you think about life and what it's actual meaning is. I own 4 copies, so I can lend them out. I've had 81 year old people read it, as well as my 12  year old sister and they all agree it is soul touching and can alter the  way you think about life... Morrie has a way about him that makes you read  with intensity. You won't be able to put this book down (I was late for a  few college classes because of it...). Thanks to Micth Albom and Morrie  Schwartz, I am a better person! ~Jeremy the ICEMAN
B000005ILF|5.0|i was not too happy when i listened to this cd at first!, but after a few listenings , its easily my favorite sting album!  &quot; i was brought to my senses&quot; captures sting at his best, my gosh what a great song!  &quot;valipariso&quot; ( from white squall ) is magnificent and should be  heard! No big hits, but who cares! every song except the &quot;french&quot;  song are very good to excellent! Please buy this album, it always makes me  feel good, while at the same time makes me tear, because of the sheer  brilliance of this masterpiece! STINGS BEST
B000000I0I|3.0|Simply put - Ommadawn Part 1 is good enough that it alone scores the album a five-star rating. Part 2 is mostly shrill and wandering, with the occasional aural relief of an actual melody temporarily moving the discord out of the way. The Horseback piece? I thought it was cheesy when I first heard it in 1975. Today, it's almost comical. Part 1, however, is so melodic, so inspired, that I would and have recommended the album for this piece of music alone, with the warning to play part 2 at the listener's own jeopardy. Like I said, there is an occasional melody or phrase that lets us know it's still Mike at the helm, but they are too few, short, and seldom in part 2.    Part 1, however...    PS - Check this out - the six tracks (TB pts 1&2, HR pts 1&2 and Om pts 1&2) of the first three Mike Oldfield albums are shorter and shorter as though he was gradually running out of ideas or inspiration.  After a hiatus, he did come back with the double album Incantations, so  that trend reversed, but he then started with the less-orchestral  smaller-tracked albums. The point of that preamble was to demonstrate how,  while tuneful and inventive in parts, Ommadawn was just not up to Tubular  Bells or Hergest Ridge.
B000003S0K|4.0|side 1 is the silly lyric songs.side two turns into strange instrumentals and even weirder vocal tracks!.listen for &quot;some far away beach&quot;, &quot;blank frank&quot;,  and  &quot;Dead finks don't talk&quot; is an  amazing song and worth the price of admission!. title track is WEIRD!,  still good.
6301247485|5.0|I get the impression that the people giving this movie poor reviews are a mix of 1) intellectual snobs (or would-be) who think it compulsory to pan any screen attempt to tackle great literature or 2) hooligans who can't  appreciate a movie unless it's got blood, guts, and vulgarity (in short,  like most movies made today). I loved Fitzgerald's book, and I loved this  film, and here's why: <br />It is not only an effective, emotionally gripping  rendition of the book (made plain by the very dislike so many people  express for its intentionally dislikable characters), but it is a visually  stunning one, capturing all the hollow gold of the glitzy era the book so  devastatingly indicts, and the performances by nearly all the players are  superb (with special kudos to Sam Waterston for the very personification of  Nick the narrator). For all those who say the movie is lacking depth or who  criticize Mia Farrow's rendering of Daisy as flighty, your very criticism  reveals the film's great achievement of realizing the main point of the  book. Fitzgerald's point was that the Roaring Twenties WERE shallow,  represented by the &quot;rotten crowd&quot; of &quot;careless people&quot;  (quoted from the book, and in Nick's commentary at the end of the movie)  that very much included Daisy, as well as Tom. I don't know how any honest  reading of the book could interpret Daisy as &quot;sensible,&quot; as one  critic put it, and even &quot;vulnerable&quot; is a stretch. Quoted from  book and paraphrased in movie: &quot;They were careless people, Tom and  Daisy--they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into  their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it was that kept them  together, and let other people clean up the mess they had made...&quot;  Farrow's fey performance portrays her character very accurately, best  summed up by the exchange between Nick and Robert Redford's Gatsby: Nick:  &quot;She has an indiscreet voice.&quot; Gatsby: &quot;Her voice isfull  of--money.&quot; Moreover, Bruce Dern as Tom, though less physically  imposing than implied in the book, is nevertheless the consummate, racist  bully he is supposed to be, and caused me to cower instinctively whenever  he spoke. <br />The movie faithfully conveys the story of a deeply flawed, not  atypical, hero, Gatsby, living in a world he built on dreams of his own  fabrication, including his lovely Daisy. He is a man of such endless hope,  romance, and a kind of chivalry (much is made of his war heroism in the  book, and this is emphasized in several scenes in the movie) that is not  without egotism, pomp, and an &quot;eagerness to be liked&quot; that  Redford brings so well to the role. Almost noble in his earnestness and  belief in romantic love, he rises from poverty in an age (not unlike our  own?) when money is confused with class and nobility. Being unable to  compete in that crass, careless, selfish, shallow world (for how long can  anyone, when there's always someone richer?), he and his dreams are doomed.  One of many great acting moments in the film takes place when Nick advises  Gatsby he &quot;can't repeat the past.&quot; Redford looks back at him,  incredulous, almost as if he'd been struck, &quot;Can't repeat the past?   Of COURSE you can!&quot; The words ring out, ominous in a hopelessness  obvious to everyone but Gatsby.<br />I agree with others below who praised the  performances of some of the lesser characters as well, including a  genuinely heartbreaking portrayal of Gatz, Gatsby's father.<br />Dump the  critics, read the book, and buy the film.
B00000JH09|5.0|I first heard Sugar on the radio, and loved it. Then I downloaded the Spiders mp3, and loved it. I got the cd, and it blew me away. The vocalist's voice is incredible, he can scream like the best of metal  singers, and he can make his voice sound really funny too, and it works  either way. Some of the songs are almost laughable, they sound like  something out of a circus, but its a great new edge for metal music. There  isn't one track that isn't as good as the rest. I can't wait for their next  album!
0671015206|4.0|This book taught me many things. One statement that has stood out thorought this book is &quot;Big hat No Cattle&quot;. It's ecthed in my mind and I've now realised that I rather have lots of cattle than a big  hat. Get this book and read it. You won't regret it.<br />The only downside is  that its rather longwinded. Some of the chapters are too long and seem too  drag on. That's why I gave it a 4 instead of 5.
B000031WD9|4.0|Man o' man, this is funny. This is the kind of movie that you get the gang over, order a pizza, and just let it loose laughing. A sure crowd pleaser. The plot of high school boys trying to get laid is great. Funny scenes and  characters. Great for the collection!
6302824613|5.0|a perfect period piece!  wonderful cast, witty script, and delightful farce of the spy genre.  a must, for cultural literacy.
B00000K19E|5.0|A must have for DVD owners. Sound Effects and cinematography is unparalled. The Lobby scene with all that gut wrencing firepower is a must for home theater owners. Order this and you will not regret it. This truly  is a film that you will watch over and over again
6302824613|5.0|a perfect period piece!  wonderful cast, witty script, and delightful farce of the spy genre.  a must, for cultural literacy.
6303617719|5.0|9/2002 - This is the only movie I've bought that I've had to replace due to wear and tear. I was curious to see what other people thought of my \\"favorite\\" movie and heartened to see that I'm not the only French Kiss addict in the world! I was appalled at the hollywood reviews  of this fine, romantic comedy.  From the opening scene where Meg Ryan is in  a fear of flying desensitization training course to its very happy ending, this movie entertains enormously both with its incredibly romantic  storyline and the hilarious bantering between Kate and Luc. I admit that I can do \\"lines\\" from this movie. Both Kevin Kline and Meg Ryan are in top form. I think that they sizzle together as a romantic couple! Am I the only one who wants to see them reunited in another movie (ala Tom  Hanks?)? ~ Kate Fredericks<br /><br />UPDATE: 9/3/2013 - Here it is, 11 years later and French Kiss is STILL my favorite movie. I admit to buying more and more movies and keeping them in the cloud because it is so much more handy to simple use a controller to find it and play it. However, that is not an option today so I bought the Blu Ray version last week as I can't find my older disc! Still love this fun, happy little romantic gem, still watch it after all these years. I think they broke the mold when they made this movie! Nothing has yet come close to it in humor, great chemistry between the two leads, breathtaking scenery, and simple and delightful fun. This movie never takes itself too seriously and therefore we have, perhaps, the most wonderfully made romantic comedy of all time. Too bad Meg Ryan's personal struggle with self worth did not allow her to see the most excellent work she did, with Kevin Kline, worthy enough to put it in the category with \\"It Happened One Night,\\" with Clark Gable and Claudette Colbert, the only other romantic comedy that has become a classic. One CAN do a lovely romantic comedy and be very proud of the excellent work they did in it. This movie will forever be the movie to compare all other movies of this genre. One perfect romance, one perfect movie. If you STILL haven't seen it, I suggest you read all the other reviews in here and then prepare yourself for the movie that will forever have you comparing them to this one and realizing there is no comparison. French Kiss is, yes, just that good! ~ Kate Fredericks<br /><br />UPDATE 9/25/2014: I guess I still haven't grown old, I have now dubbed French Kiss my all time favorite movie. And found myself doing dialogue with my equally smitten sister the other day from a movie made nearly two decades ago. How does a simple movie, panned by critics worldwide, hated by the elite in society continue to rule my heart as the apex of romance movies? All I can say is there has never been so much sizzle with so little overt sex on the screen except in French Kiss. This is the movie that rules the notion of true romance. Kevin Kline made a number of romance movies about the time he made French Kiss (Dave), but I don't think there has ever been a movie made with two actors who just click, and define what true romance is. I know these two never got together in real life, but the screen just lit them both up to make them the epitome of shooting stars and, well, love. Meg Ryan as Kate has all of the personality factors lacking in Kevin Kline as Luc. And Luc has all the best personality traits missing in Kate. As they say, the most successful relationships are not those who have everything in common, but who complement each other and make each other better people. In my mind, Luc and Kate have a brood of children and a very successful winery today! It's my fantasy and my ending. I suspect French Kiss will be around long after I am gone, as long as HBO and SHOWTIME keep putting them out there now and again. This was one of those rare movies where everything was simply done right. Right story, right actors, right director, right editing, right amount of humor, right music, right ending. One of the premium channels showcased French Kiss this past summer, and I must have watched it five or six times. Some things just never get old! ~ Kate Fredericksls showcased French Kiss this past summer, and I must have watched it five or six times. Some things just never get old! ~ Kate Fredericks
