0307454541|5.0|I can't say much more than the other reviewers.  In fact, I've never before written a review despite having read what seems like a million books.  So I'll just say one word about this book -- \\"WOW\\".  I could hardly put it down.  How Larsson weaves the two story lines together and makes sense of them is truly remarkable.  I'm recommending it highly, especially to the members of my two discussion groups.
160094048X|5.0|I've made a bunch of recipes from this book and they all come out great!  The half moon cookies that I remember from my childhood are in this book.  The chocolate peanut butter pillows are my new favorite cookie of all time.  Try them while they are still warm and you will understand what I'm talking about.
B001VTM2NW|5.0|Depending on what you are looking for in this book, it is a clear and concise explaination of brain function and how to work with certain thought patterns - how certain behavior paradigms are set and how to work around them for positive change.    Excellent book - I rate it with the highest rating!    B
B002T9H2MO|1.0|My only question. No multi-lunar corporation would send one dude up there by himself. The premise is absurd. Better a film about the isolation we feel here now on this planet. Called WEB.
1400082773|5.0|A very well written book in Obama's own hand telling his life's story and how he arrived at some of his visions for America.
B002MTTZ5I|5.0|I 1st heard Steel Panther on Bam Margera's Sirius Radio show. After that I had to buy the CD.  Its what 80s hair bands were thinking and wanted to sing but their record companies would of never released! And for the haters.... nutz.
0545123267|5.0|Shiver is a romance with a storyline similar to that of Twilight - teen girl and supernatural being fall in love. However where I felt that Twilight was bit carelessly written, I found Shiver to be a beautiful symphony of words showcasing the literary talents of Stiefvater. As you read the story, you would do well to remember that the world these characters live in is natural, primal. It is not a coincidence that Stiefvater repeatedly attempts to stimulate your olfactory senses (sense of smell). As Grace, you need to open up your senses and take in the smells of Stiefvater's writing. You should also enjoy the unconditional love between Grace and Sam. It's nice to escape into their private, fantastic world. Beautiful story - albeit not a literary masterpiece like a Faulkner novel - but it will leave you feeling warm (and some scenes - scorching).    I must also address the dozen or so reviewers who blast the story for its \\"major plot holes\\" because I feel they are being short-sighted, and at times, unfair. Here is my two cents: 1) REVIEWERS ASK: \\"Why couldn't they move to Central Cali or someplace consistently warm?\\" The book explains this quite clearly, but I will elaborate. In the story, they say that if you move to (southern) Florida or Texas which is consistently warm, then your body becomes more sensitive to fluctuations in temperature. It is the feeling of constant cold that changes you - not an actual temperature. I vouch for this argument. I moved from Chicago to North Carolina 6 years ago. At first, I was never cold in North Carolina thanks to the many winters I spent in the upper Midwest. However, after a few years, my body became so used to the climate in North Carolina that when the temperature dropped from say 70 degrees to 65 degrees, it felt bitterly cold as if winter had blown in overnight. That is what Stiefvater had attempted to explain in her story. Even in mild climates people feel cold - its a universal feeling. By the way to all those who mentioned moving to California - don't you ever see the pics of celebrities in L.A. and San Diego wearing winter coats and scarves around Christmas? Again, the low may only be 50 degrees in December but for people in climates that mild, it might as well be 30 degrees.  2) MY MESSAGE TO REVIEWERS: Relax. There is something called narrative license which allows for the distortion of facts/reality. As much as werewolves are real, we need to allow the author the creative license to spin a story worth reading. If the author is too busy plugging up all the \\"plot holes\\" and trying to give you scientific explanations for something that is by itself imaginary, it would stifle the plot - it would choke the flow of the story leading to shear boredom.
0743496736|2.0|Jodi Picoult's Nineteen minutes bothers me.  It is the story of a school shooting that takes too many details from the shooting at Columbine.  There's the well-liked teacher, the only adult to die, who is shot and tended to by an Eagle Scout.  His death is largely overlooked by the media and the community, who keep referring to the \\"children\\" who died.  A boy is shot in the head, and in his confusion and desire to escape he goes out the window.  He spends the rest of the book relearning how to do simple things- hold a spoon, speak, etc.  When the police arrive on the scene they see a group of students in a second story window holding up a sign and asking to be rescued.  The principal knows every student by name and life story.  The shooter rigged his car with explosives, which [I think] did not go off.  Some unknown person puts up a cross for each victim and one for the shooter (which Picoult acknowledges is strange within the narrative, given that the shooter is not dead) and someone keeps vandalizing/stealing the shooter's cross until it stops being replaced.    These are not composites.  These are events that happened to real people in a real place, and I don't think Picoult should have drawn so heavily from her source material.    Beyond that, there are the other issues mentioned here- unrealistic characterization, Teen Movie high school cliques, a school administration that chooses not to deal with open bullying because 'it might make things worse' and awkward dialogue.    I used to enjoy Picoult's books.  Some of her other books tackled interesting ethical dilemmas, but after this and the terrible Change of Heart, I think I'm done.
B002GSXKN8|5.0|Four \\"Batman\\" films in one package! You can't get a better bargain than that!  Unless, of course, you can get the \\"Superman\\" 4 pack as well! Which is exactly what I did.  Love all these films. Keaton I liked better than Kilmer and Clooney put together but those films are still fun to watch. Arnold is always hard to take but in this one he's really funny. Clooney is...OK. That's all. Kilmer's version is lousy. When he says \\"the car, yeah, the chicks love the car\\" I almost threw up! He's always playing himself. Except when he played Jim in \\"The Doors\\". He was good in that film.   Keaton's low key treatment of Bruce Wayne was the best. Why they decided he wasn't worth the money I'll never know. Of course Jack's \\"Joker\\" was supreme and immeasureably better than what's his name who OD'd after making that \\"The Dark Knight\\" version of the story.  Tim Burton tried to stay true to the comic book persona and illustrations. He succeeded. The others tried to make it real and they failed.  Sorry.
0470477237|5.0|I picked this book out at a Borders and started flipping through it to try and get an idea of what it contained. I immediately started seeing keywords jump out at me that piqued my interest, so I bought it. I am glad I did. Participation in Social Media is something I am somewhat new to, having just joined FaceBook this month. The concept of networking online with friends and colleagues is certainly nothing new but Erik's book explores the greater implications and poses some interesting questions worth pondering. I am currently studying Science, Technology and Society in general and have added this book to my reference library. I would like to see more from Mr. Qualman.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|... I will admit that I loved this.  I caught part one and two of it during Ovation TV's Tall, Dark and Classic event.  Though I will agree that I do like Austen's novels (for their formal language and the fact that they are a preservation of a certain period of proprieties in history), I will be forthcoming and say that Pride & Prejudice is my least favorite of Austen's novels.  I prefer Col. Brandon to Mr. Darcy any day.  Less those be fighting words for some, I loved what this movie offered and found Jemima Rooper in the lead as Amanda Price to be delightful in all of her \\"modern girl steps into fictional period times where mishaps occur underfoot wherever she arrives.\\"  The idea was fun and I laughed quite a bit at moments such as when we the audience learn what Mr. Bennet's first name is, as well as when Mrs. Bennet summons up the nerve to tell Lady Catherine off.  Tally Ho indeed!  If you are not a raving fanatical nut and can give some leway with artisitc interpretation (if not comical interpretation) then give this a try and abandon your inclinations to be a factoid imbibbing stuffy-monger.  For honestly, would you be able to mind all of your P's & Q's if you where dropped kicked into your favorite 19th century novel?  I think not.
B002UZCJ8Y|2.0|\\"Surrogates\\" is a sci-fi action thriller starring Bruce Willis as FBI agent Thomas Greer investigating a strange murder case in the near future utopian world, where all you have to do is sit comfortably in an isolated space. Any works and social activities are done through the interactions using \\"Surrogates,\\" humanoid robots you can control from wherever you are. It's like old pop song: \\"Some machine's doin' that for you.\\"    Sadly, in spite of its interesting idea, \\"Surrogates\\" directed by Jonathan Mostow (\\"U-571\\" \\"Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines\\") doesn't really know it wants to do. As noir-like murder mystery, the film is weak with forgettable characters; as sci-fi thriller, it lacks details and leaves many questions unanswered. Only Bruce Willis' charisma as the reluctant hero makes the film watchable.     \\"Surrogates\\" is penned by the writers John D. Brancato and Michael Ferris, a team whose previous works include \\"The Net,\\" \\"The Game,\\" and the third and fourth \\"Terminator\\" installments. Their new sci-fi thriller depicts the futuristic world after the \\"Rise of the (Surrogate) Machines,\\" but the film doesn't tell us much about how the surrogate technology is received, accepted and finally embraced by most of the population. The film's premise (which may remind us of \\"The Avatar\\") is intriguing, but unlike James Cameron film, it doesn't convince.    But what is more disappointing is the conventional storytelling and huge plot holes. Supporting actors are all wasted as the stock-type characters. And those characters, it seems, can use such advanced technologies of \\"Surrogates,\\" but don't have a decent security system at their home or office. There is one nice action sequence nearly at the end of the film, but it arrives too late.    \\"Surrogates\\" is a passable entertainment with a strong performance from the star Bruce Willis.
0743455967|5.0|This is the second book I am reading on writing (the first being James Bells's Plot & Structure) and I am totally loving it! King has a ton of insight to share and is a great teacher about it. When I started the book, I took a read pen to it to highlight key tips for quick revision later. I am now halfway through the book and I have had to abandon my pen as there are far too many good points and I cannot highlight them all!
B002BG6H9O|3.0|But this is what Muse needs to learn next to take their music to a new level...They need to try singing a different style on at least one of their tracks.
0060775858|5.0|My one a half years old baby really likes the old lady whispering \\"hush\\".   Its so cute hearing her complete the line about the old lady...    Hope you enjoy the book as we do.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Beautiful!  It is well put together and highlights her fantastic voice and talent.  I find my self playing it in the car, and in the house everytime I listen to CD's. Also purchased two extra copies for my son and daughter after I heard the CD.  Her talent is beyond wonderful and I rate this CD as excellent!!!
B000F8O2OM|5.0|When someone buys a season of a show, you know their gonna be happy with the content. Such is my case. I'm a big fan of StarGate SG-1 and I loved season 3. I paid for next day shipping, low and behold when I got back from the gym that morning it was there like they said it would be. So this was a great purchace for me. (Now if I could just afford to buy seasons 7-10 and 2 of the 3 movies I'd be set.)
B001CDWFPC|5.0|The ESV Study Bible is an excellent resource, and deserves 5 stars by itself. However, the Kindle version is disappointing. You cannot search for a particular verse. You can search for any word in the Bible, but you cannot search by direct reference. For example, a search for Genesis 1:1 yields \\"No matches found.\\" It is wonderful to be able to take notes and highlight verses in Kindle, but searching for a verse is a basic function that is lacking.  Update 11/16/11 - The new version of the ESV Study Bible for Kindle has added an index feature that allows you to quickly jump to any verse. This feature works great, and kudos to Crossway for responding to customer feedback and adding this important feature.
B000FVQLRA|5.0|This is not a movie to watch if you want mindless entertainment.  It is a gut-wrenching depiction of the most horrible atrocities in human history.  Adrian Brody totally immerses himself in the title role of a Polish pianist who somehow managed to survive,against overwhelming odds, the horrors of the Holocaust.  If this story doesn't put your problems in perspective,nothing will.<br /><br />Wanting to turn away from the horrific views of all this brutality, I found myself staring in disbelief at the brutality of the Nazi soldiers \\"acting under orders.\\"  These willful acts of violence display humanity at its absolute worse.  Yet, the determination of this young pianist to survive shows the inner strength of the human spirit to overcome.  Hopefully none of us will ever be pushed to such limits but this movie makes us aware of the inner strength that lies within us.
B000PTYPAC|5.0|I listened to Riot! for the first time on Paramore's website last night and today I purchased the album. I like it alot more than I thought I would, now that I own it!
B000OT8GCQ|3.0|I loved reading about the relationship between John and his father. It felt so real. The relationship between Savannah and John, however, felt contrived. I could understand why John fell for Savannah, but not the other way around so much. Towards the end, it became too predictable -- all aspects of the story. On the other hand, it was a good read -- I couldn't put the book down until I finished it, which is a rare thing for me, as I'm a little ADD that way. I would recommend the book as it is an easy read and Mr. Sparks' ability to create believable characters and their relationships is incredible. However, don't say I didn't tell you so if you feel let down by the predictable, unbelievable ending.
0517189542|1.0|Despite the Jessie Wilcox Smith illustrations on the front and back covers, I was very disappointed to discover that the artist's color plates that so perfectly capture the characters and events in this American literary classic, were omitted from this edition. Intending to give it as a gift, I ordered this book  because I was under the impression that it had the famous Jessie Wilcox Smith pictures.  What a disappointment!
B00127RAJY|4.0|My fitness level is moderate -ran about 21 miles a week. I did this workout and thought it was great. It really help define my upper body and core and in a 20min workout. You can't complain.
1400063515|2.0|I bought this book by mistake because I thought that it would be an anecdote about statistics of unlikelihood. In fact, it turns out to be more of a philosophical discussion on the importance of the improbable, and much less on statistical stuff. As for the latter, about 80% of the story was devoted to the boring bell-curve and very little on anything else. So if it has never occurred to you that the world has been shaped by a few rare and unexpected events, and you need some philosophers to convince you of it, then this book is for you.
B000OT8GCQ|2.0|This is a book that started off with good character development and a solid story line, however the ending lacks any moral consequences for the woman who left a fighting soldier cold, in the dust, and cheated on him.<br /><br />This is a book written for women who have cheated on a man, felt guilty about it, then need to read something to make them feel absolved of all guilt.<br /><br />This is not a book for most men and definitely NOT a book that you would want ANY soldier to read.<br /><br />The ending lacked the intelligence and craft found in the beginning of the story, and it is not a book that I would recommend for anyone to read.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The sound of Susan's voice touches my heart.  I love the CD.  The quality of her voice is breathtaking.  While you may have heard these songs before, you will enjoy them in a whole new way.  Thank You Susan.
B000VDDDY6|5.0|I remember watching Star Trek back in the day. I have enjoyed it all again while introducing my son to the show with this remastered collection. This show holds up after all these years. The remastering is well done and brings fresh credit to Gene Roddenberry's creativity. Great stuff, Star Trek.
B002VEB228|5.0|This is a really great film to keep you guessing and at no point in the movie does the suspense slow down. I had a pretty bad day, but after watching this movie I felt way better. It is most definitely a great psychological thriller with great cinematography.
0670021652|3.0|This book is much more research-laden than Eat, Pray, Love. It is also less readable than Eat, Pray, Love. But if you like Gilbert's voice, you'll like this book.
1416583408|4.0|Fascinating stuff about my dog's mind -- written by a dog lover who is also a scientist.
B001BTG3OQ|4.0|I purchased this flash during my historic \\"slow-period\\" so as of yet have not been able to really see how well the SB system will perform-certainly I am looking forward to being able to \\"hand-over\\" certain operations to the flash system in the iTTL mode. I am still a big advocate for radio triggers and hold some lower expectations for the built in commander system when I need to stretch the location flash work past 30 feet. Other than that, the early indicator is that I love the literal speed at which this flash works.
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|Everyone at my office has been watching Dexter, so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm obsessed; already into the third season! The cinematography is admirable, the characters and charming and three dimensional, the plots are enticing, and it keeps you on the edge of your seat. The last time I felt this way about a series was when I bought the first season of Lost.
B0019X3ZZY|1.0|So, the first film I attempted to watch was The Decameron, a rather entertaining book by Boccaccio; I made it through about half before giving up. This time, despite tenacious attempts to get through the whole thing, history repeated itself, I stopped after around an hour. Not that it was overly disturbing for my naïve little eyes to behold... it was truly a stupid movie with absolutely unconvincing performances. The premise is a bunch of teenagers whisked away to a distant location (away from the eyes of the law) by some fascist authority figures who have an obsession with butts. Thus, they have anal intercourse whenever the mood strikes, they eat excrement, and tell moronic stories about gluteal prowess as aphrodisiacs. Now, I'm trying to imagine a scenario in real life where this could actually happen. Nothing comes up. Pasolini has a unique talent for finding ugly actors for his movies, ugly actors with no talent, mind you (some of the girls were cute). Anyway, that's 2 strikes for this director in my book, I won't be looking for a third. I'd tell him to keep it up, but he's already dead.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|This is one of the worst movies i have ever seen. I live science fiction, but this was a complete and utter dissapointment.
B00005JLYW|1.0|I received the DVD and it had Chinese writing on the front. It was definitely a bootlegged copy and then to add insult to injury it didn't play properly. I'm still waiting for the seller to give me my money back.
B002RSDW80|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. I never leave reviews for things like this but I felt like I really wanted to state how fun the movie was....I throughly enjoyed watching Meryl Streep's portrayal of Julia Child. She is such a wonderful actress! And it was so interesting to learn how she became a cook and the years and hard work that went into writing her cook book. Another wonderful element to the story was the relationship she had with her husband.  Lastly, the movie was a true honor to Julia Child, and the woman Julie who wrote the blog that started the ball rolling for the movie was also clearly talented in the kitchen.    If you would like to watch a movie with your Mother/Daughter/Best Friend and don't want to hear a lot of curse words or be embarrassed over an explicit sex scene...then this is the movie for you!
B001GCUO16|3.0|Wolverine is a hard movie to review, as most people's criticism are based on comparison's to the firs two X-men movies, or instead the comic itself.  Judged on its own merits its entertaining, which is pretty much what it sought.  There's decent action, and most of the characters are well cast, and how can Hugh Jackman as Wolverine be bad?  My criticism would be that the movie rests on these things rather than tries to be something better.  Sure, I know there was behind the scene issues which prevented something better, but I still feel that the movie could still have at least made some effort to cut back on the number of mutants and concentrate on Wolverine, the title character.  Like X-Men The Last Stand, I felt the movie served more as a precursor to a number of spinoffs rather than as its own entity.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but limits the movie to watchable action movie, that's entertaining, but nothing that requires repeat visits...well until the inevitable sequel/spin-off/reimaginings occur.
B000DWMN2S|5.0|No, I didn't read the book so I can't compare the film to it.  Having read some of the other reviews I gather that much of the book was left out, which was disappointing to many.  I think I'd like to read it now, especially to clear up some of the action in the last part.    However, taking the film on its own I found it to be very enjoyable.  The one weak point for me was the \\"star\\" Elijah Wood, whose bespectacled face appears on the cover.  As the hero and protagonist, he leaves a lot to be desired.  It's probably not the actor's fault. He was dressed in a black suit at all times (would any kid from the US travelling through Europe  and sometimes sleeping outside wear a suit?) and forced to wear inch thick round glasses and told never to show any emotion. He walks so stiffly that, at one point I thought he was imitating Charlie Chaplin. He collects things, all kinds of things, including his grandmother's false teeth, which he places in ziploc bags and hangs on his wall.  Worst is his lack of emotional affect, which doesn't seem to melt even in the very dramatic final scenes. I found his personality, or lack of it, bordering on the pathological and the story fails to explain it.  The result, for me, was that I failed to connect with him at all.    However, more than making up for this was the character of the Ukrainian tour guide, magnificently played by Eugene Hutz, a first time actor, and front man for a Ukranian pop-folk-gypsy band.  He plays the flashy, swaggering, hip-hop loving, city guy, who wears gold chains with his running suit. He has a terrific face and a gold tooth.  His hilarious translations are the source of much of the humor in the first part of the film.  And, as the plot darkens, he plays the subtle and deep notes equally as well as the funny ones.  He is a treasure and makes the film worth watching.    Boris Leskin plays his grandfather and he is wonderful to watch, too, as he changes from a bitter old man who pretends to  be blind into someonewhose small black eyes sparkle  with love in the final scenes. There's also a great dog.     Equally interesting is the trip through the Ukrainian countryside.  The photography is lovely, at times stunning.  The scene of the fairytale cottage in the midst of a field of sunflowers is almost magical, as is the beautiful old woman who inhabits the cottage.    I could quibble with the handling of the final part of the film.  It's a bit muddled and the emotions are perhaps dragged out too much.  But apparently Liev Shreiber had deep feelings for the story as it paralleled much of his own family history, so he can be excused.    I think that he did a very good job directing his first film.  I look forward to seeing more of his work.
B001QOGYFO|4.0|I have to admit, I bought this one because I'm an Alex O'Loughlin fan. I wasn't expecting what I got based on the reviews I read here prior to purchase.  What a surprise.  I found Whiteout to be a pretty good murder mystery, quite intense at times - had me on the edge of my seat and my heart pounding - with enough fun and funny moments to break up the tension.  In other words, my kind of film.  Unlike so many movies I've seen, I was not able to figure out the identity of the probable killer/killers.  I even changed my mind several times and still got it wrong!  I also liked that Kate B, as the FBI agent, was not all macho but was instead more of a real person.  It seemed to me that she chose her current desolate post perhaps in a futile attempt to hide away from a past mistake that still haunts her, and has caused her to doubt her ability to accurately judge the true nature of others.  This self doubt crosses that boundary between actor and viewer and causes the audience to doubt her as well.  We are lead to draw on our own deductive skills.  Needless to say, mine are apparently not as good as I thought they were. :o)  Yep...I believe Whiteout was worth buying.
B002FU42NE|5.0|place this cd in your player, and let it play, you will play it over and over.  I have the CD from 1993 still
B002RBZ13Q|5.0|I have always been a fan of this group, and sadly have never been able to make it to a show. When this came out on video I thought what better way to see them than a blu-ray.The concert is masterfully shot, with a variety of filters, camera angles, and great extras. I play this on our wall mounted 46' LCD when ever we have guest over for a party, and most people are mesmerized by the music and quality.
B000654YS8|4.0|Great tracks ... but really old videos (however, some were interesting) ... Bottom line: you can't go wrong with Mark and friends.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I bought the new Star Trek dvd at a great price and no hassle and quick shipping during Xmas.
B00275EGWY|1.0|I was skepitcal to see this movie. Should have stayed with my first decision. This movie was not good. For one it looked like it was a low budget film. My husband is ex-military and he understands this is a movie but the actions taken by the one hot shot soldier would have been seriously punished for his actions. This made the military look like a bunch of illresponisble idiots.   When it comes to military rules and proceedures are followed or people die.  So if you are looking for a fairy tale movie about this military this movie is for you , but  if you are looking for something more realistic  \\"Saving Private Ryan\\" is a better bet.
0811870987|5.0|I bought this book from Amazon for my son for Christmas.  The pictures are amazing-this is a wonderful  choice for anyone interested in birds, photography or just a beautifully made book.  My son loved it.
1400097029|2.0|A monumental disappointment, considering that it was a Booker Prize winner.  The story centers on middle-aged Max Morden who revisits the seaside town of his childhood summer holidays after losing his wife to cancer.    He recounts (often unreliably and inaccurately) his fascination with the Graces, a privileged family he became intimate with during those summer days, while he - in inexplicable stalker fashion - stays at their vacated family home in the present.     He is presumably nursing his loss of his wife, but we learn later on, through his many rambling philosophical moments (tediously documented for the readers' benefit), that he is more concerned about the notion of self and identity, and how he is defined by his marriage.  Perhaps this escape to a childhood scene is for him to measure who he is today with who he was in his early years.    While Banville interweaves the narrative with Max's distant past (childhood), the recent past (his wife's last year), and the present (revisiting the Graces' home), quite seamlessly, and manages to bind all three threads of narrative to a climactic end simultaneously, the protagonist annoys and frustrates the reader with his overlong posturing and rambling.
0385333846|5.0|I'll admit, I'm not much of a reader (until fairly recently). Lately I've been on a sci-fi kick and somebody at my work recommended this book, Slaughterhouse Five. Originally it sounded more like I was jumping into the middle of a series of cheesy horror books but after minimal research I learned a bit more about the plot.    This book follows a man named Billy Pilgrim. Billy is a unique character, a man of few words. He reminds me a bit of Forrest Gump. Billy has a special ability, he can travel through time, through different parts of his life - though he is unable to do it intentionally. It just happens. Occasionally he travels to Tralfamadore, a planet many light years away. Here he is in a zoo, behind bars. Though the Tralfamadorians like to observe Billy, they also give him sound advice.     Billy was behind German lines during the Battle of the Buldge when he was taken prisoner and placed in a slaughterhouse (hence the name of the book). Billy witnesses one of the most horrific events in recorded history, the attack on Dresden. Though we learn of this attack we also learn about Billys life as a whole, such as his wife that loves him much more than he seems to love her.     Okay, I have to admit something else - when I first started reading this book I didn't know much about Vonnegut. I didn't know of his history. About 30 pages in I started noticing something... even though the writing style is simple (and brilliant I might add) I was able to pick up that this book really meant something to the author. I know he talks about his experience in the first chapter, I still wasn't sure originally if that was fiction or not. I started doing some more research on Vonnegut and I learned that it was in fact a fact. Vonnegut really did witness many horrors in his life including the attack on Dresden. Suddenly this book really started to make sense.    Sure, this book can be classified as sci-fi but there are a lot of truths in there. Vonnegut is a master at the metaphorand you learn that he uses sci-fi as a vehicle for something much greater. This book is simple, yet incredibly brilliant and much deeper then it first seems. It's amazing how much imagery Vonnegut can pack into a single sentence of simple words. I've read books that communicate a lot less with many more words.
B002M9FY94|1.0|This album was released in 1979. It is 44 minutes long and there are no liner notes. It was Santana's worst selling album of all time (it did worse than Santana's forays into jazz).     There are only 2 tracks on this CD that are any good, and they are both instrumentals. Aqua Marine may be the prettiest composition that Santana has ever done. Runnin' is a short, driving instrumental tacked on to Stand Up.     The rest of the CD is soul/pop. I like pop. I like soul. I like Santana playing pop and soul. This CD is just bad pop/soul.     Part of the problem is the new lead singer, Alex Ligertwood, who sings all the vocals. He has a bad, in your face, over the top style. He will be a bane for Santana for years to come.     After 3 smash Latin-rock albums, Santana migrated to jazz fusion. In the later seventies, he started moving back to his Latin-rock roots. But then he overshot and started doing pop with a Latin tinge. And tried moving into soul. From the late seventies and all through the eighties, Santana had a stripped down pop sound. He started getting it back together in the nineties. However, no matter what he was into, Santana always put on a great concert.
B002RVZV9U|3.0|Talented musicians, but as well down as anticipated.  All in all, we were disappointed.
B00004UHZR|1.0|This album was released in 1979. It is 44 minutes long and there are no liner notes. It was Santana's worst selling album of all time (it did worse than Santana's forays into jazz).     There are only 2 tracks on this CD that are any good, and they are both instrumentals. Aqua Marine may be the prettiest composition that Santana has ever done. Runnin' is a short, driving instrumental tacked on to Stand Up.     The rest of the CD is soul/pop. I like pop. I like soul. I like Santana playing pop and soul. This CD is just bad pop/soul.     Part of the problem is the new lead singer, Alex Ligertwood, who sings all the vocals. He has a bad, in your face, over the top style. He will be a bane for Santana for years to come.     After 3 smash Latin-rock albums, Santana migrated to jazz fusion. In the later seventies, he started moving back to his Latin-rock roots. But then he overshot and started doing pop with a Latin tinge. And tried moving into soul. From the late seventies and all through the eighties, Santana had a stripped down pop sound. He started getting it back together in the nineties. However, no matter what he was into, Santana always put on a great concert.
B000002UYZ|4.0|'1962-1966 (The Red Album)' is the essential early years collection of The Beatles. Collecting singles and album tracks from The Beatles first four years on Capitol/Parlophone, 'The Red Album' is part one of the two records in the 'Red' and 'Blue' album \\"series.\\" It's a great album, full of classic tracks and several obscurities that are wrongfully neglected and ignored by most Beatles fans.    'You've Got to Hide Your Love Away' is a fine example of this. How often do you hear this played on the radio? I know The Beatles made a rare promo video for this song, but still, despite this, it is regarded as one of the more obscure tracks in the Beatles canon. It should have been a number one single, and it is rightfully deserving of that status. But I'm glad it gets recognition here.    And, EVERY HIT SINGLE FROM THE 1962-1966 TIME PERIOD IS HERE!!! That's right, if you've been wanting 'Love Me Do,' 'Please Please Me,' 'A Hard Day's Night,' 'Help!' and 'Drive My Car' (it should be noted that this was not a single, just a classic, famous album track -- it might as well have been a single, though) all appear here on this compilation.    And the sound quality is relatively decent. With the 2009 remasters now out and widely available in stores, I can tell you that those sound a little better, although the sound here is still very good. Certainly not worth complaining about, anyway.    And now, I'm going to review some negatives, and are the only things that are keeping me from rating this album five stars.    Firstly, a point that has been made MANY times here in the Amazon review section for the record is simple. WHY ISN'T THIS JUST ON ONE CD? It all could have fit with about 16 minutes left to spare. That means, not only were two discs wasted on something that could easily have fit on one CD, but classic album tracks like 'The Word,' 'If I Needed Someone,' 'Act Naturally,' 'Boys,' 'I Didn't Mean to Spoil the Party,' and 'Tomorrow Never Knows' could have all fit here too, and the additions of these songs would have easily made this a five star album. (I know, I know, with all of these songs, it'd probably run over the 80 minute time limit on a CD, but the addition of just SOME of these songs could make it five stars easily).    Overall, if you prefer the early Beatles to the latter day Beatles (personally, I am a 50/50 person -- I can't compare, they are both such great phases in such a legendary band), than '1962-1966' is for you. Every single hit and several key album tracks from 'Please Please Me' to 'Revolver' are all spanned on 'The Red Album.' Regardless of what kind of Beatles fan you are, I strongly recommend this album. Sure, it's missing plenty of great album tracks, and I think we all have personal favorites from the period that aren't here ('Chains,' 'She Said She Said' and 'Mr. Moonlight' for me), but this collection was made to touch on the hits from the period, and it does the job of collecting the hits from the period in one place perfectly.    I can highly recommend this to any fan of British Invasion, early Beatles, or just great rock music in general. A great collection of early singles and some classic album tracks.    Recommended.    ENJOY!!!
0515142247|3.0|I'm not even up to page 100 yet, but the writing style of this book annoys the crap out of me.  Luckily I didn't start the Jack Reacher series from the beginning or I might not have read past Killing Floor.  I will say the writing improves with his later books.  Anyway, what's really bugging me is that EVERY character in this book at some point or other ends a sentence/statement with the word \\"right\\", in essence turning it into a question.  Be it Reacher, Holly, the FBI agents, the local cop who's in the book for no more than a page, they all do it.  Nobody talks that way.  \\"We're the FBI, right?\\", \\"I'm the general's daughter, right?\\", \\"They stole a car and burned it, right?\\".  Happens at least 3 times every page.  And yes, as with Killing Floor, everyone in this book shrugs too, all the time.
B0006GAOJA|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST MOVIE I HAVE EVER SEEN. DENIRO AND PESCI ARE FANTASTIC.  A+
B002P5XXR0|5.0|Such an epic movie holds such an epic score- I knew right after I saw (and loved) the film that I would have to have the music of it. Horner's best track has to be \\"Jake's First Flight\\" or \\"Becoming One Of 'The People' / Becoming One With Neytiri\\" - the tribal-like singing is moving, espically if you can picture the scene that goes along with it.    A beautiful, epic score for a beautiful, epic film.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Sons of Anarchy is one of the hottest shows on cable television, but not everyone can stay up until 10pm when it airs. This is the perfect gift for the biker, bike-enthusiast, and biker-wannabe in your family! Made an awesome Christmas gift! Not suitable for everyone, it's really for adults, just to warn ya! Can't wait for season 2 on DVD. Oh, this price beat everyone else's too! Under $30 with shipping included for a DVD set is a great deal!
B002T9H2MO|5.0|I just watched it on DVD today. I don't how this movie missed being a sensation. I guess because it isn't dominated by special effects at the expense of story like Avatar. Sam Rockwell was amazing and not only was the story captivating and engaging the production design was just about perfect. This is one of those rare sci-fi movies where the special effects supports the story rather becomes the story.
B000NQPZCY|5.0|always thought this one outstanding movie... one of the best -in blu ray it is even better
0810982862|3.0|The book is amazing! Lots of paintings, sketches and quotes. Definitely should have, if you love the movie.  But the build quality is quite bad: some pages are just tearing off :-/ So be extra careful with it.
0312427999|5.0|The book open a new door to understand the reality of the power of money in our society and the corruption that create in goberments around the word.  It open my eyes to a few realities.
B002NPY7FE|1.0|Why, oh why, is this trash considered a classic? I've seen higher body counts on episodes of The Simpsons. Virtually nothing happens in this film and much of it's running time is filled with nearly unbearable melodrama straight out of a low-rent soap opera.<br /><br />The Trenton family are going through tough times and when dad is away mommy and little boy go to get the car fixed. But when they get to the ranch they discover that the guard dog has gone mad. The rest of the film is just them sitting in the car while the slobbering St. Bernard circles them over and over.<br /><br />Regarding the kid, I have never, ever seen a more annoying child in a film in my life. And obviously he's completely Aryan since blonde-haired and blue-eyed kids, such as the one prominently featured on packets of Kinder chocolate, are apparently more sympathetic than people with brown eyes and dark hair, like me. All he does is cry and whine. Same goes for mommy. She gets out the car, she gets in the car, she gets out the car, she gets in the car.<br /><br />I know this was made in 1983 but I just sick to death of horror films where the characters make stupid, illogical decisions. If mommy just used some common sense she'd be able to get away from the icky dog.<br /><br />It's very poorly written and there's zero tension. If you want to see a good \\"bad dog\\" movie then check out John Lafia's [[ASIN:B000099T3U Man's Best Friend]]. It's funny, inventive, has a better dog, a higher body count and a more involving story. Leave this garbage be.
B0032JTV38|4.0|Probably spurred on by the popular television series ROME, SPARTACUS: BLOOD AND SAND premiered this weekend.  It is a mess.  The script leans heavily on contemporary potty mouth language, the story is only fairly well laid out and seems to be simply background white noise to the excessive nudity and assorted love scenes.  And as if that weren't enough to make you change channels, the backgrounds are such obvious green screens that they look like an amateur loving-hands-at-home production.  Add to this the very obvious CGI blood that spurts from almost everyone on the screen (where is the Windex...) and even when there is no significant origin for such cruelty the phony very bright red paint blood splashes on everything.  It seems as though actor Andy Whitfield would like to make us care about the slave turned hero, but given the lines he has to speak it is difficult not to just chuckle at his plight.  John Hannah and Lucy Lawless color the otherwise amateur cast. It makes one wonder why so much money was spent of such a lackluster series. But then, if it lasts as a series it may get better with some judicious re-editing.  Not for the faint of heart or those hoping for a newly conceived version of that grand old movie that started it all.  Grady Harp, January 10<br />Addendum: April 10  After watching the entire season my opinion changed.  I did get to appreciate the characters more - especially Andy Whitfield and the other slaves gladiators.  There were some interesting little side stories and in general each show drove toward a good end.  The blood fest continued to be humorous and garrish but it fit the story.  The one aspect that seemed to never improve was the stilted dialogue, written as though someone were trying to imitate Latin.  And the use of expletives was more than likely unknown in Spartacus' time - though almost every spoken line had coarse terms in it.  Will this viewer watch it agin next season?  Yes, and we all wish Andy a speedy recovery!
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I love the book, the entire saga.  I am a 61 year old woman and love fairy tales,yes that is what this is.  Kick back and enjoy.      I am hoping for another chapter, can't say much more than that without giving away the story line.     Read all on my kindle, just love my kindle 2.
1401323820|5.0|Enjoyable read!  Fast paced, left me wanting more of this character and interactions with rest of characters.
B002SF9YUM|3.0|I am a huge Robert Pattinson fan and I thought I would give this a try. It wasn't bad but it is odd seeing the heartthrob playing a gay artist who is kind of weird. Rob is a great actor though and once again proved that by playing this character but the movie itself was just a little odd.
B000063V8S|5.0|Season 3 of this series is where this show really hit it's stride, writers and producers got changed, the uniforms were changed, and the opening sequence was changed, and all for the better, because the first 2 seasons of this show were not that great, season 1 was a disgrace, season 2 was an improvement, but still left much to be desired, season 3 is where this series starts for me.    And season 4 offers the same excellence as it's predecessor, the episodes (set aside a couple) were really thought out well, and put to the screen in their vision perfectly, and just like season 3, this season goes into character development even more, which was something the first 2 seasons lacked, as well as other things.    I'm not going to explain all of the episodes, but I will go through some, the season opens with the sequel to the season 3 cliffhanger 'The Best of Both Worlds' which is an EXCELLENT episode, entertaining, well acted, and most of all, the story is brilliant, in 'Brothers' we see 'Lore' (Data's brother) bringing him back from the season 1 episode 'Datalore' which was one of the FEW good episodes of season 1, but this one is way better, we meet Doctor Nioon Song, Data and Lore's creator, and there is some great drama here, as well as some great acting provided by Brent Spiner, who acted as Data (of course) and Lore, and Nioon Song, and it further shows that Spiner is a great actor, doing 3 roles!    'Remember Me' is another great episode, dealing with Beverly Crusher being caught in a warp bubble, where the universe is shrinking, and the rest of the crew starts disappearing, great Crusher episode, 'Future Imperfect' deals with Riker experiencing things that are...not supposed to be, not much else to say about it, solid episode, 'Data's Day' is a great Data episode, living a day in the life of the character, really thought out well, and performed to perfection, it really gets you closer to him, 'The Nth Degree' Reggie Barclay (from season 3's Hollow Pursuits' is back, and gets taken over by an intelligent life form.    Other standout episodes, 'The Wounded' 'Family' 'Final Mission' 'Clues' 'First Contact' 'Galaxy's Child' 'Night Terror's' 'Identity Crisis' 'The Drumhead' 'The Mind's Eye' 'In Theory' and the season ending cliffhanger 'Redemption part 1'.    For me, the only sub-par episodes were 'The Host' and 'Half a Life' not BAD, but just doesn't stand up to the rest.    This is a great season, if you've seen season 3, and loved it like I did, I highly suggest picking this one up, as well as season 5, season 6, and season 7, as all the seasons from 3 on out are excellent!
0470477237|5.0|Terrific book.  A wealth of insight in a new field, and very easy to digest.  Highly recommended.
B001LF4IA6|4.0|Working on a Dream from Bruce Springsteen is a really good CD.  It is The Boss' fourth album produced by Brendon O'Brien - responsible for much of Pearl Jam's fine work.  Listener's find Springsteen doing what he does so well in turning every day things into good music.  I remember thinking that the title for \\"Queen Of The Supermarket\\" was one of the more ridiculous that I had seen, but once I heard the song I couldn't imagine it being called anything else.  It is a simple song about falling in love with someone from an unlikely, mundane place.  Not many artists could pull this off, but Springsteen doesn't disappoint.  He gets even more basic on \\"Surprise, Surprise\\".  Here he deals with birthdays and going to bed and getting up in the morning.  While the chorus is a bit on the repetitive side, I really found this to be a catchy song that grew on me more and more with each listen.  However, there is one song that is anything but ordinary, and it is the lead single \\"Outlaw Pete\\".  This is an epic ballad (coming in at exactly 8:00) that tells the life story of Pete who \\"At six months old/he'd done three months in jail\\".  To me, this is the best song on the CD.<br /><br />However, not everything on Working on a Dream comes off without a hitch.  \\"Good Eye\\" tries to go for gritty blues, but the distorted vocal track ruins the song for me.  I also didn't really care for \\"Tomorrow Never Knows\\".  Springsteen sounds more like Bob Dylan than I would care to hear.  Other than these two songs, though, Working on a Dream is a very strong effort from Bruce Springsteen.  With both straight ahead songs like \\"Surprise, Surprise\\" and the true surprise of the CD \\"Outlaw Pete\\", there is a lot to like.<br /><br />Download this:  Outlaw Pete
0691142165|5.0|I love economic history books.  The book that I am reviewing tonight is different because unlike most economic history books, it is mainly empirical rather than mainly anecdotal.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, one good anecdote can deliver more information than a carefully controlled study.  But more often, it is the careful studies that reveal more in their bloodless way.<br /><br />This Time Is Different takes the reader through the last eight centuries of financial crises globally, subject to the prevalence of available data.  Data is more available recently, so the A.D. 21st, 20th, and 19th Centuries get more play than the more distant past.  Also, the developed West gets more coverage than the East.  This is to be expected.  It all depends on who writes down more.<br /><br />Crises  have been far more common than the average economics textbook would suggest.  One of the first ideas to toss out of economics should  be that markets strongly tend toward equilibrium.  My own empirical research in the financial markets indicates that mean-reversion is there, but very weak.<br /><br />The book has a wide number of disasters that it draws us through, namely inflation/debasement, currency crises, banking crises, and internal and external default.<br /><br />Now, all of these crises tend to happen more frequently than the modern fat, dumb and happy Westerner would like.  Central banking has substituted fewer and larger crises for more and smaller ones.<br /><br />Regardless, the chapters on sovereign defaults are worth the price of the book.  Will defaults be internal, external, or both?  A lot depends on how much debt will be compromised through default.  If a majority of debt is held externally, foreign creditors should be wary.<br /><br />This book is needed now because many so-called scholars implicitly assume that the US Government could never default on its obligations.  Yes, it would be a horror, but leading nations in the world have defaulted before, and they will do so again.  It is the nature of mankind that it is so.  Promises happen in good times, and defaults happen in bad times.<br /><br />Quibbles:<br /><br />The book is listed as 496 pages, but for non-academics the true length is more like 292 pages.<br /><br />Also, I would suggest to the authors, that there are predictive variables that they have not considered regarding crises.  Two variables are growth in debt, and yield spreads.  Debt grows like kudzu or topsy prior to crises, and yield spreads are very small prior to crises.  As the crisis nears, debt growth slows, and spreads widen a little.<br /><br />Summary<br /><br />This book is not for everyone.  If you tire looking at tables, and prefer more discursive arguments giving anecdotes rather than facts, this book is not for you.<br /><br />Who could benefit: if you want intellectual confidence that sovereign defaults /currency failures can happen even in the US (note we have had two so far, in addition to many other financial crises), this will give you confidence that you are not a nut.  If you want to educate one of your friends who thinks that such disasters are impossible, this is the book for him.  Just make sure he is willing to endure a semi-academic book.<br /><br />If you want to buy the book, you can buy it here: This Time is Different: Eight Centuries of Financial Folly.so.  Promises happen in good times, and defaults happen in bad times.    Quibbles:    The book is listed as 496 pages, but for non-academics the true length is more like 292 pages.    Also, I would suggest to the authors, that there are predictive variables that they have not considered regarding crises.  Two variables are growth in debt, and yield spreads.  Debt grows like kudzu or topsy prior to crises, and yield spreads are very small prior to crises.  As the crisis nears, debt growth slows, and spreads widen a little.    Summary    This book is not for everyone.  If you tire looking at tables, and prefer more discursive arguments giving anecdotes rather than facts, this book is not for you.    Who could benefit: if you want intellectual confidence that sovereign defaults /currency failures can happen even in the US (note we have had two so far, in addition to many other financial crises), this will give you confidence that you are not a nut.  If you want to educate one of your friends who thinks that such disasters are impossible, this is the book for him.  Just make sure he is willing to endure a semi-academic book.    If you want to buy the book, you can buy it here: This Time is Different: Eight Centuries of Financial Folly.
1932907009|3.0|Snyder's book is, as another viewer noted, a guide to screenSELLING. Judging by Snyder's advice and illustrious career (yeah right), it's apparent that he believes in making cheesy, gimmicky family comedies with stupid premises, selling them for millions of dollars and watching the second-week box office nose dive after everybody realizes the movie sucks. That obviously doesn't bother him, because he's made his career on the types of movies that film-lovers roll their eyes at. To be fair, he states many times in the book that his emphasis is on writing family comedies with mass appeal, and the book is by no means directed towards writers of indie and arthouse films.<br /><br />  That being said, there are certainly good kernels of advice in this book, including the importance of structure and pacing of a story, creating a likable and empathetic hero that the majority of people can identify with, etc. However his approach is awfully formulaic and closed minded, and you constantly get the nagging feeling that this guy has built a career on putting awful idea after awful idea over the same exact closed-minded framework, which explains why only two of his movies have actually been made and both have been major flops. He claims he's sold dozens of scripts and millions of dollars doing it. Great, but he's contributed nothing to the art of film and his scripts are obviously passed over on a regular basis after purchase in favor of better films. Everything in this book has been stated before in others, though I commend Snyder for his right-to-the-point writing style which makes Save the Cat a much shorter read than other screenwriting books.<br /><br />  I'm currently trudging through the 'bible' of screenwriting, [[ASIN:0060391685 Story: Substance, Structure, Style and The Principles of Screenwriting]], but it's a heavy read with lots of theory before you get to the practice. Ultimately I would recommend Syd Field's books ([[ASIN:0385339038 Screenplay: The Foundations of Screenwriting]])as the best marriage of theory, practice, know-how and good advice that can be applied to any writer of any genre, unlike Snyder's book that demonstrates the best way to write and sell forgettable garbage and make a fortune doing it.<br /><br />Save the Cat may be okay for your first screen writing book, but it definitely should not be your last.writing]])as the best marriage of theory, practice, know-how and good advice that can be applied to any writer of any genre, unlike Snyder's book that demonstrates the best way to write and sell forgettable garbage and make a fortune doing it.    Save the Cat may be okay for your first screen writing book, but it definitely should not be your last.
B0015DYIH2|4.0|I. Was. Dying. It was HILARIOUS. Now, I don't recommend it if you're a twi-hard (I love how they have their own name. Sounds like a cult.), but I loved it. Here, let me explain why.    I remember when I first read twilight I rolled my eyes a LOT. Oh dear, I almost got squashed by a car! That's okay though! I'm fine! So Edward, I know I've talked to you once, but um, I'm madly in love with you.     Bella is hypocritical, she's shallow, and she is annoying. Really? She falls in love with a guy because...oh that's right, he's hot. Really, that's the short of it. And her \\"I don't like to share my feelings\\" act makes me want to slap her. Also, why is Edward so obsessed with her? Really? Why is anyone?! She seems nice enough, but it's totally unrealistic how she is immediately the most popular girl when she arrives at Forks. What are her \\"popular\\" qualities? ...? Nothing. So quit acting like she's the best thing since sliced bread. So Bella is not my favourite character. But it's a fun series to read. Entertaining in a very Hollywood way. So I bought the next one.   New Moon - Edward leaves. Don't even get me started. He LEAVES?? Wtf. But even worse is Bella's reaction. It is the most pathetic thing I have ever seen. And frankly it pisses me off how Edward was stupid enough to do something like that in the first place. Loser.   Eclipse - Bella is a b*tch. And it annoys me how needy she is. I can't be bothered to talk about this book anymore.   Now...Breaking Dawn. As you can probably see from my review so far, my expectations weren't high. But it is by far the best book in the series. It's just one laugh from beginning to end! This quiet teenager evolves into a sex-driven one!! It's just such a twist! And then she gets PREGANANT!? I'm sorry, her DEAD boyfriend got her pregnant? Anyone else see the irony??   Jacob falling for the kid was also entertaining - in an extremely creepy way. But looking back, I can see how Meyer set that up with the whole \\"Quil\\" thing. Right?   But anyway, by far, the BEST thing about this book is Bella becoming a vampire. She stops being a whiney little girl that trips over dust particles, and becomes someone who breaks boulders for fun. Total improvement. Also, she is now totally over the love-triangle thing, which is just such a relief. I was getting bored of it.   So yes, this book was an improvement. I was also giggling over the Volturi. \\"We want guard dogs.\\" Hahaaa good one.   In conclusion, I would say this is the best book out of all. And a really good laugh. It's also not terribly written, and Jacob's perspective is a refreshing change out of Bella's head.
0316044938|5.0|Ashlee Shively   1-22-10  Language Arts Per.6  Book Report     The book \\"The Lovely Bones,\\" was written by Alice Sebold. The author, who lives in California with her husband, novelist Glen David Gold, has also written two other books. Her first book was called \\"Lucky,\\" a memoir about when she was raped during her freshman year of college, and her most recent, \\"The Almost Moon.\\" Alice Sebold was born in the early sixty's and attended Syracuse University. \\"The Lovely Bones\\" was published in 2002 by Little, Brown & Company and consists of 328 pages. The Houston Chronicle says \\"The Lovely Bones is a disturbing story full of horror and confusion and deep, bone-weary sadness. And yet it reflects a moving, passionate interest in and love for ordinary life at its most wonderful, most awful, even at its most mundane.\\"  The main character is Susie Salmon, a girl who is raped and murdered and watches over her family throughout the story. The book is written from Susie's point of view from heaven, but also has flashbacks of when before she died. George Harvey, Susie's murderer, is also their neighbor who keeps to himself, and everyone in the neighborhood thinks is weird. Susie's father, Jack Salmon is one of the few that no matter what keeps trying to find Susie's murderer, along with Susie's sister, Jessica, who eventually proves to the police that it was George Harvey. Buckley is Susie's younger brother, and is only a toddler when Susie dies, so doesn't understand it until he's older. Ray Sihng is the boy that Susie fell in love with, and who loved her. Then there's Ruth Connors, the girl who can see dead people and who felt Susie touch her as she was leaving Earth. Eventually, Ray and Ruth become best friends and always talk about Susie together. \\"The Lovely Bones\\" takes place in a small town in Pennsylvania between the years 1973 and 1981.    The conflict of this story is the death of Susie Salmon. Over the eight years, Susie's family determinedly tries to find Susie's killer, especially her father. It's obvious that everyone is grieving over Susie's death. There are many other smaller conflicts within the main one, such as Susie's mother leaving or her father having a heart attack. In heaven, Susie watches over her family, Ray, and even Mr. Harvey. Susie wishes that she would have gotten to spend one more day on Earth, with Ray Sihng. Throughout he story, Susie tries to help her family realize where her body is, and Ruth almost finds it, but nobody ever does.   The turning point of \\"The Lovely Bones\\" is when Susie takes over Ruth's body for a few hours. During this time, Susie spends every second with Ray and tells him how in love with him she is. This story has more than one theme. One of them is grief, because everybody is grieving over Susie through the book. Another is acceptance, the acceptance for Susie's family when they finally realize she's gone, and Susie's acceptance that she needs to move on and let go of her family.  This book is well liked by everyone because it has so many ideas combined into one book, like the horror and sadness, but also the action, such as when Susie's dad gets put into the hospital because he's been beaten up. \\"The Lonely Bones\\" is an all around great book that anyone would enjoy.
B001QWBM62|5.0|this product is great it can do a lot of stuff and i have been using it for a month now for many movies as dubbing audio  from it.  its capacity is high i can plus many kinds of microphones and it has phantom power.  bs its only down size is its size ITS HUGE in comparison with other smaller recorders like Sony and other brands
B00129H7VS|5.0|Best WWII epic to date, I haven't explored the extra content yet but with everything... \\"it's better in HD\\"
0060752610|5.0|Fifteen years ago, my mom gave me a book that would change my life: The Intelligent Investor, by Benjamin Graham. Prior to that time, I was primarily investing in mutual funds, and did not have a coherent investment philosophy. The Intelligent Investor provided me with that philosophy.<br /><br />What are the main lessons of this book?<br /><br />  1. Don't overinvest in equities. Markets wash out occasionally, and it's good to have some bonds around.<br />  2. Don't underinvest in equities. Bonds can only do so much for you, and it is good to deploy capital into equities when they are out of favor.<br />  3. Stocks provide modest compensation against inflation risks.<br />  4. Avoid callable bonds. Avoid preferred stocks.<br />  5. Be conservative in bond investing. Read the prospectus carefully. Often a bond is less safe than one would expect, and occasionally, it offers more value than one would expect.<br />  6. Purchase bargain issues on a net asset value basis when you can find them, but be careful of quality issues.<br />  7. Volatility of stock prices can be your friend if you understand the underlying value of a well-financed corporation.<br />  8. Having a longer-term investment horizon is valuable, because one can take advantage of short-term fluctuations in price.<br />  9. Growth is worth paying up for, but be disciplined. Don't overpay.<br />  10. Be wary of mutual funds.<br />  11. Be wary of experts.<br />  12. Pay attention to the balance sheet; don't invest in companies that are inadequately financed.<br />  13. Review average earnings of cyclical companies.<br />  14. Buy them safe and cheap. Don't overpay for growth and trendiness.<br />  15. Avoid highly acquisitive companies.<br />  16. Watch cash flow, and question unusual accounting treatments.<br />  17. Be careful with unseasoned (new) companies.<br />  18. Strong dividend policies, in companies that can support the dividends, are an indicator of value.<br />  19. Aim for a margin of safety in all investing.<br /><br />That's my quick synopsis of the book. Though I am not a strict Graham-and-Dodd investor (who is?), I apply the basic principles to most of what I do. This is still a relevant book today because the principles are timeless. If you want the updated version with writing from Jason Zweig, that's fine. You gain in current relevance, and lose a little in nuance. Graham was a very bright guy. I give Zweig credit for trying, but aside from Buffett or Munger, who would really be adequate to revise The Intelligent Investor? I don't think I would be adequate to the task....trict Graham-and-Dodd investor (who is?), I apply the basic principles to most of what I do. This is still a relevant book today because the principles are timeless. If you want the updated version with writing from Jason Zweig, that's fine. You gain in current relevance, and lose a little in nuance. Graham was a very bright guy. I give Zweig credit for trying, but aside from Buffett or Munger, who would really be adequate to revise The Intelligent Investor? I don't think I would be adequate to the task....
0446615641|5.0|I always find \\"series\\" books to be hit or miss.  Some series are great, some last too long (how is Lucas Davenport still going strong?), and some are just plain BAD (love Harlan Coben, but abhor the Myron Bolitar series)!  Having said that - for now I put the Camel Club books in the GREAT category.  Sure the action and twists and turns can be a little hard to believe, but the characters are deep and varied.  Some are stereotypical and others are totally real and believable.  Baldacci blends them so well in these books.  This one has so many intertwining plots it was very difficult to not finish in one night.  Sooner or later we're going to have to see a Camel Club movie from one of these books.  Go get the book and enjoy!
0307588335|5.0|The story is an epic tale that will surely find its way to future generations.  The mere size of bankruptcy Lehman faced is unfathomable.  Being written by an insider made it accurate, detailed, and to the point.  As an MBA student aspiring to get his foot in the investment banking industry, many of the same challenges I face now are comparable with the ones Larry faced in the book.  But the book goes beyond the normal rise and bust story - it hit on the hard point of it was more than just a bankruptcy.  I personally believe the employees were hurt the most.  People spend their lives relentlessly working towards being an employee of a top 4 investment bank - and the book touched on Larry's journey from his New England town to making record profits for Lehman.  For his desire and motivation to not stop until the goal was achieved, I salute you!  A great read, I have recommended this book to others and passed mine along to friends.
0446567337|5.0|As a mom of a son servining in the Army through this tough times. It was informative and intense for me to read. I got the book Tuesday and didn't put it down till Thursday as I finished. The Love and Growth in this book is wonderful. I have gone out and purchased 10 of these books for young wives to read and a couple of girls in my church to read who are dating boys in the Army. I LOVE THE BOOK. Thank you!
B00275EGX8|1.0|DO NOT RENT!!!!! DEFINITELY DON'T BUY! With all of the hype surrounding this movie, I was expecting something with a more believable story. Most of the things that occur would never happen in the U.S. Army. I very quickly realized that the Director was bitterly preaching Hollywood Anti-war propaganda through this embarrassing movie. How sad that poorly written films like this get produced. It was written to defame our military and make all military personnel look like blood-thirsty liars.    As the leftist Hollywood crowd lines up to act like this is the best movie of the year, take it from me: DON'T WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!
B000FA5TTW|1.0|I could not bring myself to finish this book I completely lost interest after the first three chapters.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I think this is an awesome series.  If anyone is a fan of nature videos then you have to get this.  It's like National Geographic on steroids.
B0015HOFZI|5.0|I bought this turntable after viewing several reviews.  I am pretty sure that at the time I was researching this product the details stated that it was both PC and MAC compatible.  This is why I almost sent it back as the Sony software that comes with it is not MAC compatible.  However, after checking the Apple site and searching for any turntable software, I found \\"VinylStudio\\" which is great and I am able to use the turntable and record and edit the music, burn CDs and look up the album info and art work with this software.  Sound quality is great, I would have to say that it is just as good as any of the digital recordings out there.  It hooks up easily with the USB cord and the assembly of the turntable is very easy, just read the directions first so you don't loose the red ribbon that helps you pull the drive belt over the motor pulley.  Very very happy I did the extra look up on Apple for the software, if there is anyone else interested: [...], this is the site address for the MAC compatible software.  Thanks for your time.  Jen K in Hill, NH
B000000WJZ|3.0|Well, the excellent song I bought this album for is on there, along with a lot of other...stuff.  That's why I rated it average.  What struck me as noteworthy is how sleazy the CD medium has become.  The CD itself is thin, delicate and flexible.  And the hinge on the damn case broke the second time I opened it.  I didn't dock the music any points for that but it's no wonder nobody buys these things anymore.
B000002OVJ|5.0|this is the same beutiful raw sound as when they preformed@woodstock.for anyone who could not catch the early who live,this is the next best thing closest to it!!!!!!!!!!
B0013AYRI2|5.0|Probably one of the best Queen albums ever produced..... it is a must in any Queen collection. The range of the music is off the charts, Feddie is at his best and the music speaks for itself.
B002RI9ZQ8|2.0|This is a book equivalent of McDonalds. Made for quick and easy consumption, that leaves you with the feeling that you've eaten junk. Ultimately nothing more than the usual Scandinavian mixture of family abuse, incest and corruption.
0307269981|4.0|My book club read The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo and when finished I couldn't wait to get into The Girl Who Played With Fire.  Both books are thrilling, interesting, well written and a complete change from the type of literature I generally read.  If you want a exciting read these are the books.  Enjoy.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|I have to admit - I heard about QT making a \\"War movie\\" years ago and was disappointed. I've loved QT's writing (Kill Bill, Grindhouse, From dusk til dawn, Pulp fiction, Reservoir Dogs, True Romance) but couldn't help but think this one would be a dud. Boy was I wrong! This movie is pure QT and not one for the squeemish. Great action, storytelling and characters. Even at 2 1/2 hours, I just kept wanting more. I was rooting for characters throughout and had a great time with it (a nice change from the other stuff I've seen lately!)<br /><br />Wish I would've caught it in theaters, but the Blu Ray is also fantastic (picture and sound quality are both top notch - highly detailed/nicely saturated picture with a matching soundtrack). The disc has a nice set of features, but unfortunately is missing a commentary or picture in picture track.<br /><br />Overall a wonderful little package - and at a great price!<br /><br />Highly recommended for any QT fan. Wasn't what I was expecting - but in a good way.
B002GZQYMK|4.0|When I first put this album on my wish list, it was something I would have liked to have, but not something that I necessarily needed.  When I first listened to it I said, \\"Oh this is good.\\" I didnt listen to the whole album at once.  I heard \\"Undisclosed Desires\\" and decided I really liked that song, but nothing else really stood out.  Then when I listened further  on in the album, I heard \\"Exogenesis Part I.\\" I felt like I had been knocked to the floor and my soul had been ripped out; a sign of a really good song for me. I don't know how else to describe this piece of music.  It's not a song, no not at all, it is a piece of music.  The orchestration and the singing are so hauntingly beautiful and full of emotion I just want to put on headphones, crank up the volume and let the music wash over me, painting pictures in my head.  This is what I like to do when I hear a great piece of music, song or album.    After hearing that piece, I decided to read the lyrics.  When I read the 1984 themed-lyrics and listened to the album once again, I realized that \\"Resistence\\" is a Rock Opera.  All of the songs align together in a common Totalitarian-Theme: when he meets the woman he is sneaking around with before the thought police can find them, the Exogenesis Cycle wondering how and when will this world end, \\"the United States of Euroasia\\" with its a \\"Queen-like\\" anthem in it with a Chopin Nocturne with bombs going off in the background. It is incredible, and even more incredible that Matthew Bellamy is playing the classical piano like a maestro, sticks a Saint Saens excerpt in the middle of \\"I belong to you\\", and can sing an impressive Falsetto in \\"Exogenis Part I.\\"  If you listen to the album as a whole, it will tell you a story, and you realize that you can't just listen to one song.    This album is not like any Radiohead that i have ever heard, and in fact that is why I didn't like Muse back around 1999-2000 when they were first coming out. I thought that they were tryingto mimic Radiohead, and being a Rabbid Radiohead fan that I am, I didn't want to buy any of their albums.  That is until I heard the song Supermassive Black Hole.  This album doesn't sound like Radiohead, and I think this is Muse's new voice in the music world; it shows they are serious musicians and ready to come into their own.  Screw it if it isn't radio-friendly.  If that's what you care about then don't buy this cd because it is not just a Fluff listen while you are doing something else.    Listen to this album and read the lyrics. I love 1984, and this is about the best rendition or homage I have heard or seen.  Crack open a bottle of wine, take out your headphones, light a candle and lay back and enjoy. I haven't stopped
B000QEIOTO|5.0|i was wanting to buy this dvd at walmart, but then i though, hey... maybe amazon has it so i checked on here and they had a HD dvd version for about a 10th of the price, so i went for it, and i wasn't disappointed! the picture is amazing, and the sound is flawless (using Logitech Z5500 5.1 system via optical connection)! will definately be buying more HD DVD's in the future.
B001TODCII|1.0|I'd give it 1 1/2 stars, because there are certainly worse  films, but it doesn't deserve 2 stars.  I've  never been  convinced by this actor, and I find him quite creepy. He's awful in this, but I started to feel sorry for him...then I didn't,  because  he accepted the role,  right? The whole thing is 100% improbable, predictable, and full of prop room basics and characters  from Central Casting. The pop music diva angle to the storyline is pitiful and insulting to anyone beyond American Idol intellect. I was afraid the ending was going to be just what it was, but when it actually happened all I could say  was \\"of  course.\\"  Totally  bogus,  move on folks,  nothing to see here.
B000WEMH3C|3.0|Bought this thinking I could cover my firepit, that was my bad. It didn't fit and would have returned it but the cost of the shipping was about as much as the cover. May be fine for what it was intended for but not for firepits. Other than that it looked stylish but seemed a little cheap.
1563898586|5.0|I'd seen the movie before reading the original graphic novel. I must say, though entertaining, the movie doesn't come close to the storytelling found in Moore's book. As portrayed in the comic, Mina appears to be just a bad-ass chick who always wears a scarf and, despite the protestations of the men, becomes the leader of the team. Their adventures create an intriguingly convoluted tale, full of action and imagination. The over-the-top art suits the story and the steam punk setting perfectly.
B000VJAICK|5.0|i actually bought this HD DVD because i recently purchased a hd dvd player for my xbox 360, and this movie was only about 3$ including shipping, so i couldn't pass up the deal. i mainly bought it because i can't find my VHS version and i wanted a better copy anyway! The picture has excellent quality and the sound compared to the VHS is....well... a huge leap (duh).
0385341008|5.0|This book is a great read and was like opening up a surprise package on your birthday - even better inside than the outside promised. The letter format told as much of a story as the actual words. So many things that we don't know about World War II . . . .
B000YAA68C|4.0|So of course I like the movie but lets talk about shipping...took way too long to get here. Ordered it on the 17th didn't get it until the 27th of course they promised to have it here by the 22nd.
B000RHKARO|4.0|of what would become John Mayall, the eternal erotic english blues master from Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles, home of the Wonderland Murders. Simple and to dá blues. A classic in Mayall´s trademark...
031606792X|4.0|I avoided this book after reading all the negative reviews, but finally picked it up last week, and ever since I've been waiting for it to reveal the weak writing and offensive plot elements that the featured reviews here found so disturbing. Didn't happen. This book is in the same voice and style as the previous three, and is by far the most complex and interesting of the series. The new characters are instantly likable and the tension builds right up to the climactic battle (which could have been a lot bloodier, but I understand the choice, given the target audience). Most important, Bella finally develops into a multi-dimensional character. In the first three books she's the weak link, a spacey, not especially likable kid whose only defining trait is her love for a prince charming who happens to be a vampire, and who inexplicably loves her back. In this book she becomes a lot more than that. It doesn't reveal much of the plot to say that by the end she's equal to her environment. Strong close to an enjoyable series.
0670021652|3.0|We all know how much EPL touched the feminine spirit.  \\"Committed\\" is much more historically based and less \\"let's see what happens today\\" than EPL, and thus, it feels heavier.  Some chapters read like text books, others are more spirited (when she writes about herself, her family, the people she meets, etc).  Any true fans of Gilbert will hear her intelligent, inquisitive, self-deprecating voice.  However, the book has a more serious tone than EPL.  I'll admit, there were some pages where I felt irritated and wanted to say, \\"Hey, Felipe's a great guy!  Stop whining about marriage!\\"  But she had me in her grasp by the book's end.  Not EPL, (a tough act to follow), but worth reading!
B001N1DPDE|5.0|As others have said this is nice hefty piece of steel.  At 1/4\\" thick it's fairly heavy but that also makes it likely that in a camping/hunting/survival situation you're not going to have to worry about breaking it.  Mine came with a decent edge, it cut leather but definitely benefited from some work on a sharpening stone, which seems to be the norm with knives today.  The sheath is also nice the knife locks in fairly securely without using the added security strap.  On your hip you don't even notice the weight of the knife but when you hold it you know you can chop through a fair size branch if you need to.  I've looked at much higher priced knives that won't do any better than this one.
B002N1AEN2|5.0|Totally have been enjoying this album. It sounds great the first time you hear it, and better every time after that.
B00004VVNB|2.0|I won't talk about the quality of the actual movie but I will say that Warner ONCE AGAIN does it's usual sub standard job at transfering a classic movie from video to DVD. Just like Warner did with The Hobbit, and other classics, I've noticed very distinct scenes either missing parts or missing sound effects. If you have your old VHS or Laserdisc version, and it still plays, don't bother with this DVD.
0785814531|4.0|I read this book to get inside the head of Edgar Allan Poe.  It was like eating corn chips, one story leads to another.  Especially enjoyed the Mask of the Red Death and Eleonora.  What is amazing is the extensive vocabulary of this master writer.  This is a great book to have for those stormy winter nights with your fireplace crackling.
B002N1AEN2|2.0|The description of the band as influenced by Young Marble Giants is spot on, though YMG's [[ASIN:B000PITY5E Colossal Youth]] - the original, not the release with material that dilutes the concept - is a perfect album. This one is not.     Notwithstanding a cover version of \\"Hot Like Fire\\" (on a bonus disc that accompanies the British release), it mystifies this listener that anyone hears Aaliyah, or Timbaland or Jam & Lewis (as Rolling Stone did) in this music. The vocals are bloodless. No one could ever mistake this (and especially not the production) for American r&b. There's a boredom and complacency, a \\"hipster's\\" cool, here, that are completely foreign to American r&b and leaves one cold.    The XX doesn't have even a tenth of the soul that Massive Attack brings to their recordings. MA not only shows its love for r&b, but it's the real thing. (Check out their new one, [[ASIN:B002ZPIC1M Heligoland]], or their long-ago classic, [[ASIN:B0000500WO Blue Lines]].)
B001R0KH3M|5.0|Stevie is excellent, always has been always will be.  The quality of this video is excellent sound/picture
B0024RID60|4.0|The strongest non-Brian Jones album. Shattered alone is worth buying this for. If that tune does not get you pumped, you may be dead.
B000UBMWG4|1.0|BUYER BEWARE ! i ordered this 5 disc blu ray from usa. now i wished i hadn't. it started out being cheaper than ordering from my country canada. it arrived today and disc 5 had a huge crack all the way from the top layer to the bottom. the crack runs from the inner hole to the outside edge. also my first disc is the wrong workprint copy instead of the final cut. i wished i'd read these reviews first. shame on amazon for shipping known defective products !
B00006AW2G|5.0|[[ASIN:B00006RT52 Let It Bleed]]If you want definitive Rolling Stones at their creative and rocking peak buy Let it Bleed and Sticky Fingers. All others pale before them. These 2 are the reason the Stones were known as the best rock'n roll band in the world.
B0024RIMBG|5.0|Enchantingly pure voice. Fell in love with it immediately. I bought both CD and DVD. Definitely will recommend it to anybody.
B001EXE2ZG|5.0|This is the sort of movie one can see many times over and enjoy it every time.
B001JFZ118|4.0|It's an awesome movie Sean Connery is at his best and Christopher Lambert does an astonishing performance
0061537969|4.0|The Art of Racing in the Rain, is a touching family story about a husband who tries to balance his love of racing with love for the two woman in his life (wife and daughter)<br /><br />Narration from the family dog is a cute twist, sometimes his doggy philosophy is somewhat heavy handed, and it just seems a little convenient that Enzo (la chien) totally understands the human world and pretty mch everything that goes on in it.<br /><br />It takes a while for the story to get going, but its worth it. The story is a powerfully written family tragedy tale, although somewhat cheesy it might jerk some tears.<br /><br />Perhaps not the most original book, Racing in the Rain is a good read with balanced humour and characters we care about. Recommended
B001AQMBKA|5.0|I am a fan of the Lost series and am watching it again on Blu ray.  Season 2 of Lost on Blu Ray has outstanding audio and a great picture.  I would recommend this to all Lost fans and to those who are curious about Lost.  I remember watching season 2 a few years ago and feeling like we didn't need that much information about the character's pasts.  It all comes together as you keep watching.  This is probably the greatest series that I have seen (and I loved the Sopranos)!!
B000646MNE|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed following Carrie Bradshaw and her four wonderful friends lifes. I had to watch the episodes one after the other and did not want to stop. The friendships, fashion, commradere, experiences were eye opening and wonderful. In the Spring I will take my daugher to New York City to experience the Sex and the City Tour firsthand.    Thank you for my fantasy and I will be looking forward to the next movie coming out in regard to Sex and the City.    Linda Malakin
B002RSDW8A|4.0|JULIE & JULIA was a surprisingly inspiring comedy/drama/romance that I found myself easily digesting. It wasn't just the food (although that certainly helped make me crave butter), but the easy romance that came from both the Julie side and Julia Childs' history.<br /><br />Although I'd never met Julia Child, nor seen her kitchen at the Smithsonian, nor read any of her books, I did see some of her television shows growing up thanks to my mother having the channel on a local PBS station. I remember wondering what was supposed to be so interesting about this large woman who often dropped, splattered, and messed up her food preparations. Ignorance in youth is a wondrous thing.<br /><br />As I grew up, I began to see Julia Childs' cookbooks all over; in friends homes, on every bookstore shelf. Hmm. Maybe I was missing something. And this movie shows me what I never understood as a kid. That this woman, this fumbling, laughing, good-natured lady, had done something that no other person had ever attempted. Not only did she invade the professional chef status of men in the kitchen, but she also made French cuisine accessible to millions of English readers.<br /><br />This story, which delves beyond cooking and into romance and the dramatic life Julia led, also introduces us to a new format for would-be chefs/authors: the blog. Amy Adams ([[ASIN:B001UV4XHE Sunshine Cleaning]]) stars as Julie Powell, a woman with a desire to be a writer (or something) but has trouble getting going. Until one day she decides to try cooking all of Julia Childs' 500-plus recipes in her \\"Mastering The Art Of French Cooking\\" book in 365 days ...and blogging about it. Little does Julie know of the storm of followers she'll get. This all takes place about one year post-911 in New York, too. And Julie's husband Eric (Chris Messina, [[ASIN:B001G9F9IW Vicky Cristina Barcelona]]) helps push her in the blogging direction, supporting her through the successes and many disasters, including a hilarious scene involving the demise of live lobsters.<br /><br />Contrasting with this is Julia Childs' life (Meryl Streep, [[ASIN:B001GKJ2FW Mamma Mia!]]) in the late 1940s and early 1950s as she makes her way into Chefdom. Streep's performance is astounding and made me wonder if it were possible for her to actually play a bad part. She's such a chameleon that you never saw Streep, and only witnessed Childs extraordinary rise onto the cooking world stage.  More underrated than probably any actor out there, though, is Stanley Tucci ([[ASIN:B000JSI7BM The Devil Wears Prada]]) as Julia's life-long husband, confidant, and lover, Paul. It was so endearing to see a man of this era support his struggling wife. He was always there for her, helping her, giving advice, photographing her ...and having a VERY healthy sex-life with her.<br /><br />The contrast between Julia's early life and Julie as a writer/blogger are interesting and hold enough modern-day visuals alongside mid-20th century Europe with its cobbled streets and post-WW II drabness to keep most viewers watching and engaged, even if they're not interested in the history of American cooking.<br /><br />The final point of interest for Julie & Julia is that it's funny. It is often effortlessly comical thanks to Streep's amazing performance. One particular scene that still stands out for me is when Julia meets up with her even taller sister Dorothy (Jane Lynch, [[ASIN:B000M341Q4 For Your Consideration]]) and the two run at each looking more like Clydesdales about to connect headlong. The aforementioned lobster scene is also hysterical (as is one where Julia has to cut into a lobster's head). These situations are filmed with such exquisite ease that you can't help but laugh at them.<br /><br />Even if you have absolutely no interested in food or blogging, this film will surely have entertainment value for you. And if you are interested in either or both, beware; you just might end up ingesting more than you can handle.se of live lobsters.    Contrasting with this is Julia Childs' life (Meryl Streep, [[ASIN:B001GKJ2FW Mamma Mia!]]) in the late 1940s and early 1950s as she makes her way into Chefdom. Streep's performance is astounding and made me wonder if it were possible for her to actually play a bad part. She's such a chameleon that you never saw Streep, and only witnessed Childs extraordinary rise onto the cooking world stage.  More underrated than probably any actor out there, though, is Stanley Tucci ([[ASIN:B000JSI7BM The Devil Wears Prada]]) as Julia's life-long husband, confidant, and lover, Paul. It was so endearing to see a man of this era support his struggling wife. He was always there for her, helping her, giving advice, photographing her ...and having a VERY healthy sex-life with her.     The contrast between Julia's early life and Julie as a writer/blogger are interesting and hold enough modern-day visuals alongside mid-20th century Europe with its cobbled streets and post-WW II drabness to keep most viewers watching and engaged, even if they're not interested in the history of American cooking.     The final point of interest for Julie & Julia is that it's funny. It is often effortlessly comical thanks to Streep's amazing performance. One particular scene that still stands out for me is when Julia meets up with her even taller sister Dorothy (Jane Lynch, [[ASIN:B000M341Q4 For Your Consideration]]) and the two run at each looking more like Clydesdales about to connect headlong. The aforementioned lobster scene is also hysterical (as is one where Julia has to cut into a lobster's head). These situations are filmed with such exquisite ease that you can't help but laugh at them.    Even if you have absolutely no interested in food or blogging, this film will surely have entertainment value for you. And if you are interested in either or both, beware; you just might end up ingesting more than you can handle.
B002NF1ZI6|5.0|This is only 12.99 on the lego website.  Even with shipping that's a lot cheaper!  $39.99 for 100 pieces.  That is crazy!!
0307593525|5.0|A novice to French cooking, I needed/wanted a good reference source.  Child's, et al, information in these books is extremely helpful.  Still learning, and experimenting.  It has already made a noticeable difference with dinners.  The price was very  reasonable, shipping was faster than quoted.
0783240236|4.0|It is certainly true.What Spielberg would do in 1975 for the reputation of sharks,12 years earlier venerable director Alfred Hitchcock did it for birds.Everyone I know who ever watched it certainly thought twice afterwards about our fine feathered friends hovering above us and the possibility of their \\"turning\\" at any moment.However what is easily forgotten in Hitch's 1963 film is that there is a romantic story that plays out throughout its' run of two hours.<br />It involves one Melanie Daniels(Tippi Hedron) who is the daughter of a wealthy west coast newspaper owner.She goes into a pet shop one day to pick up a myna bird she ordered,which isn't in.In walks Mitch Brenner(Rod Taylor)a lawyer who instantly recognizes her and decides to play a joke on her by making her think he thinks she is a store employee.He asks for some love birds for his daughter and asks many detailed questions on birds that Melanie can't possibly know.In the end the joke comes out,Mitch leaves the store and Melanie though infuriated has taken an instant liking to the handsome prankster.<br />Obtaining his address through a jotted down license plate number she drops a cage of lovebirds with a note in front of his apartment door;but he has gone out of town for the weekend.Melanie follows directions and ends up in a town called Bodega Bay about 60 miles north of San Francisco.She motor boats her way to his house,leaves her present,and leaves the same way.Just before she reaches the dock a seagull swoops down on her head and flies off;drawing blood.Mitch having spotted Melanie boating away arrived ahead of her and helps her.The two become more closely acquainted and Melanie decides to stay overnight and rents a room in town.While there a seagull smashes mysteriously into the house door.Next day she attends Mitch's daughter's birthday party and birds make an all out attack on the attendees.<br />Meanwhile Melanie and Mitch's mother Lydia(Jessica Tandy),who is weary of all of Mitch's \\"interests\\",draw ever so slowly closer;through their own efforts and through their joint stand with the mounting avian problem.When Lydia discovers the grisly remains of a neighbour the bird problem is about to blow wide open.In town later that day in a restaurant there is some lively discussion,both pro and con,about what is happening.Suddenly a gas attendant gets attacked and gas flows down a hill.A nearby smoker ignites the gas which kills him and the ignited trail follows itself back to the pumps which blow up.All bets are off now and the birds take this moment to launch an all out assault and pandemonium reigns supreme.<br />Mitch,his daughter,Lydia and Melanie board themselves into Mitch's home to stave off the onslaught.In the claustrophobic atmosphere all wonder when and how the next attack will come.They hold their own and for the time are relatively safe,but when Melanie decides to investigate a scratching noise in an upstairs bedroom she almost ends up another victim of the birds.Luckily Mitch and his mother come to her rescue but she is badly cut and in shock.In need of immediate medical attention there is nothing else to do but make a dash for freedom.Mitch slowly makes his way to the garage and brings his car out front.The house and surrounding property is filled with birds of all kinds which he has to gingerly make his way through and as does his family with Melanie.Once inside the car he slowly drives down the lane way and to freedom and help.<br />The ending is a kind of \\"cheat\\",in the sense we get no resolution as to the whys of the bird attacks,just a \\"sailing off into the sunset\\" moment.But I'm sure Hitch wanted to leave it up to the audience as his message of railing against complacency comes through loud and clear in this film;take nothing for granted in life,not even the birds.However I find the picture gets a little bogged down in the sub plot of Melanie and Mitch and their growing relationship(along with a clinging mother and Melanie's lack of one),which tends to drag the films' pace at times.Hitch seemed a little over zealous in trying to create an escalatingly ominous atmosphere in regards to the bird attacks.The two hours of celluloid seems just a little more than it should have been.<br />Technically speaking this film while crisp and generally clear shows it still needs some work on it as there are many areas of excess dirt and it does get grainy;for the price tag they are asking this should have been pristine.I would invite a comparison of Hitch's \\"To Catch a Thief\\" released in a two disc remastered set by Paramount and you will see what \\"The Birds\\" SHOULD have looked like.There are alot of special features however that are a welcome addition to this release.A featurette about the film,the surviving scripts of the original ending and a deleted scene,the storyboard sequence,Hendron's screen test,a Universal newsreel on Hitch,production stills and notes,cast and filmmaker bios and the trailer.<br />Finally,The Birds is definitely one of Hitchcock's more well known pieces and it certainly had a changing effect on many viewers after its' initial theatrical showing and subsequent airings on TV.The underlying romantic aspect of the film in my opinion tends to be a bit of a drag at times on the films' pace as the \\"master of suspense\\" I found got a little more \\"heavy handed\\" in his later years/offerings.This along with the less than stellar release print brings this rating down a good full star.Still,Hitch's most obvious stride into Sci-Fi territory,has many memorable and unforgettable moments that make it worth recommending.You may not remember the plot,but you will remember \\"The Birds\\".ms' pace at times.Hitch seemed a little over zealous in trying to create an escalatingly ominous atmosphere in regards to the bird attacks.The two hours of celluloid seems just a little more than it should have been.  Technically speaking this film while crisp and generally clear shows it still needs some work on it as there are many areas of excess dirt and it does get grainy;for the price tag they are asking this should have been pristine.I would invite a comparison of Hitch's \\"To Catch a Thief\\" released in a two disc remastered set by Paramount and you will see what \\"The Birds\\" SHOULD have looked like.There are alot of special features however that are a welcome addition to this release.A featurette about the film,the surviving scripts of the original ending and a deleted scene,the storyboard sequence,Hendron's screen test,a Universal newsreel on Hitch,production stills and notes,cast and filmmaker bios and the trailer.  Finally,The Birds is definitely one of Hitchcock's more well known pieces and it certainly had a changing effect on many viewers after its' initial theatrical showing and subsequent airings on TV.The underlying romantic aspect of the film in my opinion tends to be a bit of a drag at times on the films' pace as the \\"master of suspense\\" I found got a little more \\"heavy handed\\" in his later years/offerings.This along with the less than stellar release print brings this rating down a good full star.Still,Hitch's most obvious stride into Sci-Fi territory,has many memorable and unforgettable moments that make it worth recommending.You may not remember the plot,but you will remember \\"The Birds\\".
0316069906|5.0|This book was very eye opening and was written in a way that was very accessible and interesting.  I haven't eaten pork, beef or lamb in 12 years.  I thought, in part, that I was eating the lesser of the \\"evils\\", but this book opened my eyes to how the treatment of poultry and fish are just as bad if not much worse than the other animals we consume.    I was hoping that the author would talk about how he and his family switched to being vegetarians, but I understand that one book can only cover so much.    Put this book at the top of your \\"to read\\" list ASAP!
B0000019PA|5.0|The first time you listen to this you need to be very loose. This is gonna push you a bit farther than you really feel is comfortable. This recording is kinda scary, like maybe your first acid trip. The ceiling starts to ripple a bit. The books on the bookshelf look like they are changing covers......but really you have never taken acid and you never plan to or want to. You know what ? this is the closest you will ever come. Incredible.
0764207407|5.0|If given the opportunity to travel through history, one of my first stops would be the Regency Period of England and the world of Jane Austen.  I have been a fan of  Austen's since I read the first page of Pride and Prejudice.  I currently own all of her published works, some having been replaced a couple of times due to wear.  Since my latest copy of Sense and Sensibility bit the dust a month or so ago, I was thrilled to get Bethany House's copy in the mail this week.<br /><br />In terms of the actual novel, no changes have been made to Austen's original work.  The novel is printed in all its glory with my favorite characters and places still in tact.  What has been added by several of Bethany House's writers are notes and annotations about the life and times of Austen.<br /><br />The book comes complete with a key, which indicates the type of note/annotation being applied in each instance.  The notes fall into the following categories: \\"historical and cultural details [...] from England in the early 1800's,\\" \\"fact and tidbits from Austen's life,\\" \\"references to S&S in today's culture, particularly in film,\\" \\"unscientific ranking of the novel's most frustrating characters,\\" \\"themes of faith drawn from the novel or Austen's life,\\" \\"comments and asides on the book's characters or plot,\\" and \\"the parts of the novel that just make us smile.\\"<br /><br />I LOVE the additional comments, quips, and bits added to Austen's work.  They serve to add the insight intended into a world of ladies and gentlemen.  The authors who have offered their take on Austen's work compliment the novel by adding interesting references and inserting a little comedy into one of the best loved novels of all time.<br /><br />On the minus side (if you can really call it that), the novel did take more time to read.  I found myself reading a page, seeing the notations, and reading the page again to see if the added information changed the image I create in my head of Austen's world.  In most instances, it certainly did! It did make the reading more cumbersome at some points, but overall  I really enjoyed this take on one of the best loved works of literature.  I plan to order the Insight Edition of Pride and Prejudice and look forward to many more such editions.<br /><br />This book was provided free of charge by the publisher as a review copy. The publisher had no editorial rights or claims over the content or the conclusions made in this review. Visit [...] for more information on this book., it certainly did! It did make the reading more cumbersome at some points, but overall  I really enjoyed this take on one of the best loved works of literature.  I plan to order the Insight Edition of Pride and Prejudice and look forward to many more such editions.<br /><br />This book was provided free of charge by the publisher as a review copy. The publisher had no editorial rights or claims over the content or the conclusions made in this review. Visit [...] for more information on this book.
B002QW7ALM|4.0|This film is true science fiction, so rare in Hollywood (or wherever it was Pandorum was produced). I note that it was savaged by the professional critics, often because it was said to be derivative of Alien. Crap in crinoline. The multi-generational spaceship tale goes back in literature at least to the 1940s, and this tale has nothing to do with aliens with acid for blood. I think the story would have been better told without the zombie-like creatures, but their existence is explained in reasonable fashion. Ignore the critics -- if you like science fiction, you'll love this; if you don't, you won't.
B00164CM46|3.0|This review is just about the Bluray quality.<br /><br />The bluray quality on Snatch was fairly sharp and it was nice to watch the movie again, but the HD didnt really \\"pop.\\"  I wasnt saying \\"Wow! It's so HD!\\" I was saying \\"Uhhh? I can hardly tell.\\"  Granted, the movie was shot on film and not digitally.<br /><br />So its \\"OK\\" hd quality. I really don't think you are missing anything if you go and buy a cheaper dvd version. If you are a huge Snatch fan like me, then its worth it, but i felt a little jipped.
1594488843|4.0|I love Daniel Pinks work. He has a knack for exposing hidden truths in an educational manner. This book is very stimulating and useful.
B002U6CJO2|4.0|Saw this on the shelf at walmart and read the back of the box...\\"For this definitive Version 2.0 release ALL the original animations are reproduced with latest film and animation technologies, including 3D-CGI.\\".    Also the cover art and the 4 screenshots on the back are all in CGI making me think the entire movie had been remade in CGI. I thought AWESOME! and grabbed it right then, ran home and popped it in my player......and saw almost nothing new. There is only about 3-5 minutes of \\"CGI\\" graphics spread throughout the movie in 5-10 second clips. The rest of the film looks exactly like my original version DVD which is still very good but has dated graphics and a washed out look to the colors. The CGI scenes were so short and few that I was very frustrated seeing the picture cut back to 1995 era graphics after seeing 5 seconds or so of wonderful CGI.    Another reviewer stated this is the original in HD well you can't get HD in a standard DVD only Blu ray ...it's not Hi Def. And putting a standard def movie on a Blu Ray Disc won't make it magically hi def either. I had watched the original DVD just days earlier and even though they say this version is \\"remastered\\" I truly could not see anything that made me say hmm that looks clearer or sharper or more vivid. It looked exactly the same to me on a 36\\" screen. Dated and bland washed out colors not counting the CGI of course.    I know hardcore Ghost fans will buy it no matter what but if you're like me and just loved the film; already owned the original and were hoping for a brand new experience....you won't get it except for a few minutes of short CGI scenes and to me not worth the $14.99 I paid for it.    It would have truly been awesome had the movie been completely remade in CGI and in my opinion if they could do it for 5 minutes then they could have done it for the other 78 minutes as well. I would have willingly paid $50 for that. I was very disappointed.    So bottom line Ghost in The Shell 2.0 is more like V1.2 but by all means by this version if you never saw the original. This is still a great movie.    Lastly I know the purists out there see CGI as an abomination and if done poorly it is but I am a fan of \\"well made\\" CGI and for the record I really like the original animation just that the colors seemed \\"washed out\\" and on the dull side. If they could not do a full CGI version I would have preferred to have the colors touched up and made more vivid. The animation by itself is some of the best I've ever seen.    Also I am commenting on the standard DVD version. I have not seen the blu ray as I don't own a blu ray player or HDTV. I watched the film on an \\"antique\\" CRT Television which was state of the art 10 years ago and on a plain vanilla dvd player. But I still think my comments are valid because not everyone has $100 bills bulging from their wallets and a lot of people will still be using those \\"antique\\" tv's for a long time to come.    I am also a fan of the English Dub version. I hate subtitles and I know that makes me a barbarian to the purists out there :) but listening to anime in the original Japanese gives me a headache especially with those squeaky, whiny female voices. Japanese men must be really insecure in their masculinity to make all their women sound like a 5 year old girl throwing a hissyfit in a store because mommy said no to the toy they saw. So I really liked that they used the original english soundtrack. Nothing annoys me more than replacing the original voices with different actors.    As far as the special features, well to annoy the purists out there again :) I really don't care about the the directors commentaries, I just want to sit down and enjoy the movie. I also don't want to see any deleted scenes. Put them back in and give me an uncut version instead.    Well that's my 2 cents. Hope you find it helpful.
0743579275|5.0|This is a great book, I listened to the audiobook read by Dawkins and I have to say he did an excellent job. The book presents a great deal of information which can be used to persuade those in doubt toward understanding and accepting evolution as a part of our existence.     I enjoyed it and plan to read it again very soon.
0670021652|2.0|I really was bored reading this book, especially last 2 chapters. I stayed alert and enthusiastic during the first few chapters, hoping it would get more interesting and exciting, but no, I ended up skipping a lot of pages towards the end to just finish the book. Loved her Eat, Pray, Love book, but this one is so so.
B000268QB2|4.0|Warm debut of sad songs still stands out sorely in the group's output as their most memorably sincere, commanding immediate attention in this sturdy release with only a few songs below a level of accessible emotional excellence.
B000UD0ESA|1.0|The product details in Amazon say it has German, Hungarian, and Japanese language tracks.  This is a lie.  Instead it appears this false advertising merely refers to one phrase spoken by one character near the begging of the movie.  If you're thinking of bying this movie to watch it in another language, look elsewhere.
0140557741|5.0|He wants to go over these pages again and again forward (zoom out) and backwards (zoom in). The last pages (going into darkness) cause him a bit of anguish... but hey that part of being human and facing nothingness!
B001KR0BDI|5.0|i absolutely loved graceling in the beggining i was slightly bored but it was thrilling lovebale and devastating a te same time
B00005JMFQ|5.0|&#34;Love Actually&#34; isn't quite the standard Christmas movie, but it works pretty well all the same. It's a whirlwind series of (mostly) comedic romances set around the Christmas time, featuring an impressive collection of mostly British actors, each working out his or her own romantic tangle.<br /><br />The subplots cover a variety of situations: a single Prime Minister (Hugh Grant) falls for his attractive young caterer; a widower (Liam Neeson) guides his very young stepson through his first crush; a writer (Colin Firth) flees a failed relationship but falls for his Portuguese maid; and a middle-aged wife (Emma Thompson) suspects her husband is cheating on their relationship. Other vignettes include a young man's affection for his best friend's bride; two porn actors discovering real love, an aging rocker facing a lonely Christmas, and a sex-crazed youth seeking a friendly American female.<br /><br />The movie is predictable but loaded with lots of touching moments, moving quickly past a few plot gimmicks to linger in the right places. There is lots of British humor and a few surprise cameos. &#34;Love Actually&#34; is recommended as good romantic comedy.
B001PR0YGC|1.0|the trailer for The Informant! makes this movie look funny. it portrays the damon character (marc whiteacre) as a Maxwell Smart type character helping the feds bring down a corporation.  that however is not what the movie is about.  this actual movie centers around the damon character and his sanity.  the laughs are few and far between and the movie just seems to plod along.  it just wasn't very good and certailny not as advertised by the trailer (kinda like men who stare at goats -- damn funny trailer, weird, not so funny movie).
B0000AK7A8|5.0|Furious that her late father only willed her his gloomy-looking mansion rather than his millions, Carrigan Crittenden is ready to burn the place to the ground when she discovers a map to a treasure hidden in the house. But when she enters the rickety mansion to seek her claim, she is frightened away by a wicked wave of ghosts. Determined to get her hands on this hidden fortune, she hires afterlife therapist Dr. James Harvey to exorcise the ghosts from the mansion. Harvey and his daughter Kat move in, and soon Kat meets Casper, the ghost of a young boy who's \\"the friendliest ghost you know.\\" But not so friendly are Casper's uncles--Stretch, Fatso and Stinkie who are determined to drive all \\"fleshies\\" away. Ultimately, it is up to Harvey and Kat to help the ghosts cross over to the other side.  I've enjoyed this movie. It makes me laugh, cry, and excited. 'Casper' is recommended for any audience, regardless of age. Truly fantastic.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|I have been listening to this set since Christmas, and it is just as enjoyable now, as were the old vinyl albums of the past. The packaging is very attractive, and each of the album discs have a brief detail booklet describing Beatle history and influences associated with that particular album, printed on high quality paper, in color, and B&W, as well as rare photographs.  If you are a Beatles fan, you will truly enjoy this collection now, and for many years to come.  This collection also makes a great gift for the Beatles fan in your life.
B000A2IPPK|5.0|While visiting the Earth at Night, a group of alien botanists is discovered and disturbed by an approaching human task force. Because of the more than hasty take-off, one of the visitors is left behind. The little alien finds himself all alone on a very strange planet. Fortunately, the extra-terrestrial soon finds a friend and emotional companion in 10-year-old Elliot, who discovered him looking for food in his family's garden shed. While E.T. slowly gets acquainted with Elliot's brother Michael, his sister Gertie as well as with Earth customs, members of the task force work day and night to track down the whereabouts of Earth's first visitor from Outer Space. The wish to go home again is strong in E.T., and after being able to communicate with Elliot and the others, E.T. starts building an improvised device to send a message home for his folks to come and pick him up. But before long, E.T. gets seriously sick, and because of his special connection to Elliot, the young boy suffers, too. The situation gets critical when the task force finally intervenes. By then, all help may already be too late, and there's no alien spaceship in sight. This is a movie made for children and it achieves this brilliantly. A very heart warming and emotional movie. Sheer Brilliance.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|My 2 umbrella-style strollers had no cup holders and this product solved that problem. Easy to use.  To fold the strollers I just un-Velcro one side of the Buddy, flatten it, and tuck it into the stroller fabric. Since it is all fabric, it can be tricky getting a paper coffee cup into the holders, but just leave the cardboard cup-cozy in the holder- works great!  Also has plenty of room to hold small snacks, napkins, tissues....  Best of all, I bought 2 for the price of one other brand holder.
B000641D2Y|5.0|Kevin McAllister and his family are planning to go to Miami, Florida during the holiday season this time around. At the airport, Kevin becomes seperated from his family and ends up on an airplane to New York City. Kevin manages to stop a taxi cab and has the driver take him to the Plaza Hotel, and using his father Peter's credit card, Kevin rents out a suite. While in New York, Kevin befriends E. F. Duncan, a friendly toy store owner, and Kevin also befriends a homeless Pigeon Woman then Kevin runs into his old enemies Harry and Marv, who have escaped from prison. When Kevin discovers that Harry and Marv plan to rob Mr. Duncan's toy store on Christmas Eve, Kevin makes plans to stop them. Kevin's mother Kate, upon realizing that she and the family have become seperated from Kevin, frantically tries to find Kevin. Home Alone 2 is a very good sequel. The new traps for the Wet, er... Sticky Bandits are great. Once again Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern give wonderful performances. Having Tim Curry in this was also a treat. There is a lot of enjoyment in this movie.
0470477237|1.0|If you know absolutely nothing about social media you might learn something. However, if you are even remotely tuned in, you'll not get any real substance.
0783225482|5.0|Helen, a writer, and Madeline, an actress, have hated each other for years. Madeline is married to Ernest, who was once Helen's fiance. After she recovers from a mental breakdown, Helen vows revenge by stealing back Ernest and plotting to kill Madeline. Both rivals have secretly drunk a miracle cure for aging; they accidentally discover, when each tries to eliminate the other, that they have become immortal and that \\"life\\" will never be the same again. This is truly a classic in the black comedies. The score is terrific, set design fantastic, and all around excellent movie.
031606792X|1.0|I won't go into the plot details as other reviewers have outlined and effectively criticized them already.  I enjoyed Twilight immensely, a bit less impressed by New Moon and Eclipse...but I was floored by the idiocy, stupidity and twisted (not in a good way) \\"ethics\\" in Breaking Dawn.  Besides the rather strange wish fulfillment (Meyer certainly seems to have issues with blondes, for one thing), BD was creepy and cultlike.  Not as if the author was examining or exposing a cult, but as if she was using a teen romance story to insidiously push cult behaviors/mentalities under the guise of wholesomeness.  After the dysfunctional, incestuous \\"imprinting\\" between Jacob and the demon baby; the relentless anti-abortion (even if your baby is deformed/abnormal and/or you die) propaganda; the old, tired barren-woman virago stereotypes; the \\"family\\" living together with sisters and brothers and their wives/husbands; no explicit sex acts but gratuitous, sick violence against humans and animals okay while the dangers of \\"uncontrolled\\" sexuality loom large in the background...I half expected Warren Jeffs and/or the Hendricksons from Big Love to show up.  The Mormon symbolism is everywhere, including the Native Americans getting obvious Hebrew names (some Mormons still believe, despite all evidence to the contrary, that Native Americans are related to the Hebrews).  In addition to the childbirth scene, the hunting scene with the mountain lion was just grotesque and repulsive...didn't remind me of Dracula so much as Sarah Palin in a camouflage cocktail dress sucking the blood out of lions.  (It'll take me a while to get that image out of my head, thanks very much.)  BD ruined the entire series for me, not just because it's a horribly written book as many other reviewers have pointed out...but because I didn't initially see the author's twisted mentality behind the first three books and now BD has brought it to light.  On her website she explains it away with the old \\"can't pleaseeveryone\\" and \\"feminism is about choices, so it's totally feminist for my heroine to choose to be irrational and backward\\" canards...don't think many folks are buying that.
B0000UJDLM|5.0|Number 5, one of a group of experimental military robots, undergoes a sudden transformation after being struck by lightning. He develops self-awareness, consciousness, and a fear of the reprogramming that awaits him back at the factory. With the help of a young woman, Number 5 tries to evade capture and convince his creator that he has truly become alive. A cute robot, a good cast, great comedy. Great fun for kids and adults.
B002R68U7K|2.0|I received this in two days from Amazon....Ordered on Saturday and received in the UK on Monday. Thats about as good as it gets as the presentation box and CD covers are cheap and chatty for the money she was charging.    My daughter will disagree as she thinks the sun shines from every orifice, but to be honest I think thats where this box set has come from.
B000062XGJ|5.0|Dutch and a team of commandos have been sent into a Central American jungle to track down some missing airmen that were kidnapped by terrorists. By the time they get to the camp, the airmen have been butchered in a very violent fashion and the commandos retaliate on the terrorists' camp. After that's over, they wait for a helicopter to pick them up, but something strange begins to happen in the woods. It isn't long before the commandos start getting killed off and Dutch and a girl from the camp, Anna, are the only people left and fighting for their lives. But what they discover is too shocking for them to imagine. What's been killing them is the Predator, an alien that hunts rare species and make his trophies out of their skulls. And human beings are the new species he has discovered. When I first saw this movie in 1987, I said to myself, what in the world is that. Predator is the classic action movie.
0446567337|4.0|I really enjoyed this book. I had seen a few Nick Sparks movie adaptations, but this is the first book of his I read, and I can see the appeal of his writing style. It's simple, but detailed enough to get a sense of the characters, and he holds the story together well. Some parts were indeed \\"cheesy\\" and eye-rollers, but not so much so to distract from the story. I plan on reading more of Sparks' novels in the future.    The plot of Dear John was very emotional. I liked that the book was told in John's point of view; I've never really read a love story told in this way. It was new to me, and I found his relationships with other people interesting, in terms of how they developed or staggered, especially with his father.     The characters were likable, and at times, I found myself frustrated at the decisions John and Savannah make when they're about, and the impact it has on their relationship. Their relationship developed in just a few weeks, but they developed a deep and strong bond within that time.    I don't want to spoil the novel, so I won't say much else about it. I took away one start because some parts I felt were too predictable or not well developed, but that's really a matter of opinion. Otherwise, I enjoyed reading this book. Bye the end of the novel, I was teary, and found myself caring deeply about the characters.
B00177Y9ZC|3.0|JUMPER    I remember seeing the trailers for this film when it was released and thinking \\"man what a good idea for a film\\". Of course it is based on a book I believe so I need to pick that up but any way I was never able to see this but finally did. After seeing this finally I have mixed feelings about it but over all enjoyed it. I have heard a lot of things about this movie and actually agree with most of them. What people love about this film is what I love and what they dislike I also agree with. So if there ever is a sequel to be made I hope they listen to the people on this one.    David Rice is your average kid in school, you know the type, has a crush on a girl but he is shy and bullies pick on him. Turns out that he finally gets the courage to talk to Millie and gets his gift to her thrown out on an ice pond courtesy of bully Mark. This leads to David walking out on the ice and falling in when the ice breaks. Right when he is about to drown his first teleportation occurs, and there is no looking back from that point. He spends the next few years learning about his abilities and robbing banks, sounds like a good life being rich and can go anywhere. But there are things he left behind like the girl he liked, his dad, and oh yeah people are hunting him down. Just another day in the life of a jumper I suppose.    The thing about this film that I found a little disappointing is that there is not any character development for the most part. All the characters are just introduced and off we go, one reason to read the book I guess. Also the film seemed like different movies at times, it needed to find an identity. Still there are so good things that come out of this film such as the action. The action comes plenty of times and always is entertaining and may be the redeeming thing about this film. The fact that they can transport things with them that are very large add to the excitement. Well not fact since this is fictional and all but you know what I mean.    Acting wise Michael Rooker is always a pleasure to see and of course brings forth a good performance, the scene with him and Jackson may be my favorite. Speaking of Jackson you know of course that Samuel L. Jackson brings a little something to the role of the guy trying to kill off the Jumpers. Still I get the feeling he was there for a paycheck. Regardless I love watching him on the screen so I will say he was a plus. Still the scene stealer in my opinion was Jamie Bell who plays Griffin, a fellow Jumper who is hunting Jackson's character. From his accent to the way he really does not care about anyone else he does an excellent job. Of course we have our lead David played by Hayden Christenson who at times seem on in the role but at others off. Still although his performance is shaky at times he seemed like he had fun in the role. His girl played by Rachel Bilson seemed like she had the same problem so I don't know what that was about. Also I would like to mention that Teddy Dunn was great for the short time he was on screen as the bully.    Based on the book by Steven Gould the blame may lay within the writers circle, the film did not know what it wanted to be. Written by people who brought us Mr. & Mrs. Smith, Sherlock Holmes, Fight Club, The Dark Knight, Batman Begins, and the Blade film series I expected more. Of course the mix of three writers or whatever may have been the cause for the unevenness. Of course the director could be the problem since the unevenness could be mixed direction. Still it is hard to say that because this guy directed Go, Swingers [two of my favorite films ever], Mr. & Mrs. Smith, and The Bourne Identity, I guess it is a mix of everything.    Over all I did enjoy this film, much more than most people I did guess from what people I know said about the film. Perhaps that is why I liked the film since I went in with no expectations. Sure when it was first released I would have most likely not liked it but since I waited and heard things it saved the film for me. This is not a classic film but the idea behind it is a great premise. I think a sequel is coming and hopefully it surpasses the first film. I do recommend the film but a rental may be the best idea, you may like it.
0399143793|4.0|Jack Reacher is walking down a Chicago street when he stops to help a woman with a cane, struggle with her dry cleaning. Three men approach her with weapons drawn and abduct her, bringing Reacher along with them.<br /><br />They bring the prisoners to their enclave in Montana and hold the woman, FBI agent, Holly Johnson, as a bargaining chip for what they plan with the government.<br /><br />Reacher shows the reader his many talents in this second installment of his stories. We see him as the lone man against seemingly insurmountable odds. He's highly analytical and possesses keen inteligence. He's also able to rationalize what his captors are planning and figure out a possible escape. In \\"Die Trying,\\" Reacher shows his feelings and develops a fondness for Holly. His compassion and strength are two of the reasons why readers enjoy Reacher as a character and are able to sympathise with him.<br /><br />The plot is original and the author provides a number of surprises and plot twists that keep the reader's attention and add to the enjoyment of the story.
B001FB55HQ|4.0|I thought the movie was decent, but I was very impressed on how fast it arrived after I placed my order.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The beauty and artistry of this CD becomes increasingly apparent when the music is heard many times.  The depth of quality and versatility of the voice is amazing.   Total content choice questionable but this is a very small negative.   Bring on the next one.
B00004SZWD|5.0|There are only a handful of cds (and I mean a handful) that are the gold standard of greatness & true musicianship. \\"Purple Rain\\" & \\"Sign 'O' The Times\\" by Prince, \\"What's Going On\\" by Marvin Gaye & of course \\"Thriller\\" by Michael Jackson are examples of this gold standard of greatness. But \\"Songs In The Key of Life\\" by Stevie Wonder is without a doubt the most complete music recording of our time. Stevie creates the most perfectly crafted songs that express love, joy, spirituality, history & social commentary while keeping you entertained throughout the entire experience. I could go on & on but I won't. Just check out this musical masterpiece for yourself.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|For those of us that have never been fortunate to have attended a Michael Jackson concert, this gave us a very intimate and clear view of Michael's vision. Unlike most concert videos where sometimes the din of the crowd makes it hard to hear the artist, this movie is a documentary of the \\"Man\\" and his music. His kindness and gentleness are evident thoughout the rehearsals. Yet  Michael has a very concise way of expressing exactly what he wanted to provide the audience. This concert would have been one of the best concerts ever because of Michael's vision and love for performing. On June 25th 2009, the world lost a wonderful man whose love for humanity, the earth, and all that live on it is very profound and far reaching. This Is It is not only a visual reminder of his talent,kindness, laughter, and passion, but also a part of a legacy for future generations. This DVD shows only a small part of that humanity within him. So kudos to those that thought to capture these bits of Michael on film to now share with us.
B002UJIY70|4.0|I like Milla Jovovich, she is so sexy, I like Steve Zahn, nice change of pace for him in this movie, showing acting range here, also check out his great performance in  Werner Herzog's Rescue Dawn, he was excellent in that. And Timothy olyphant is always good.<br /><br />I thought this movie was a standard thriller, a newly wed couple vacationing in Hawaii, go hiking in the remote parts of the island. There have been a couple murders on the main island--- a man and woman are at large. So of course everyone is a suspect, do not trust anyone. Milla and Zahn playing the naive, regular newly weds, Timothy and his g/f playing \\"adventurous type\\" He has tons of stories and as a viewer you cannot tell if he is embellishing to look cool, or to hide the fact he is the killer, or he really is an interesting guy who just has led an interesting life as a special ops soldier. anyways these four meet and stick together, but wary of each other as more unfolds about the murders. And there's another couple who seem a little rough around the edges, just can't tell if they are the murderers, brings in more intrigue to the movie. I thought the acting was very good, as I said watching Zahn who is known for comedy play a role like this is refreshing. And not to mention there is a very nice plot twist to this movie that could have ended up being another bland formulaic genre of this type of story. It is a nice movie to kill time on a Sat night.
0545140315|5.0|\\"Think for yourself 'cause I won't be there with you.\\"  -- George Harrison, 1965<br /><br />You've just got to love the cover, which is a spoof of the Beatles' 1969 Abbey Road album cover.  They say you can't judge a book by its cover, but I think I did when I judged that this would be one I would like!  It's a riot!<br /><br />Penny Lane, who shares her name with a 1967 Paul McCartney with the Beatles classic is so over boys.  (Her two sisters are Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds and Lovely Rita.  I'm surprised one wasn't named Michelle).  After a traumatic breakup with her former boyfriend Nate, she forms  The Lonely Hearts Club minus Sgt. Pepper.  She swears off high school boys as she feels they don't show proper respect for women.  Other girls join her club in droves.  Her school principal, who is a man naturally chafes at the club as do the male students.  Penny Lane does have a change of lonely heart when she meets a boy with a Beatle haircut.  Something in the way he moves, perhaps?  \\"I left you far behind/The ruins of the life that you have in mind./And though you still can't see/I know your mind's made up/You're gonna cause more misery.\\"  George Harrison, 1965 from \\"Think For Yourself\\"<br /><br />Penny and her Hearts are in-your face and live by John Lennon's credo in \\"Instant Karma\\" about how Instant Karma's gonna get you, gonna knock you right in the face.  She is somewhat Lennonesque with her in-your-face rebellion and delightfully zany wit.  Like John Lennon, she and her fellow Hearts refuse to compromise their true voices and identity and swear off pretending to agree with someone just to win them over or pacify them.  Any time somebody gives up their honest voice by pretending to be something they are not and by saying they agree with something they do not, they are stifling their identity.  I hate that kind of toadying behavior and Penny and her Hearts wisely empower themselves to dodge that self-defeatist behavior.  John Lennon's 1971 \\"Crippled Inside\\" is a good anti-toady song.  At no time do the Hearts sacrifice their voices.  That makes one think of John Lennon's greeting, \\"John here, speaking with his voice!\\" from the 1963 Beatles' Christmas album.  What an empowering statement!<br /><br />The Hearts' theme song could be Paul McCartney's late 1977 hit, \\"I've Had Enough! (I can't put up with any more).\\"  All Long & Winding Roads lead to the Beatles and that is what makes this book such a treat.<br /><br />\\"Although your mind's opaque, try thinking more if just for your own sake.<br />The future still looks good and you've got time to rectify all the things that you should.\\"  -- George Harrison, 1965 from \\"Think For Yourself\\"<br /><br />The sheer genius of this book, with its empowering story, strong characters and WONDERFUL plethora of Beatle references will delight readers, whether they are Beatle fans or not.  Beatle fans will especially enjoy this because not only will they \\"get\\" the Beatle references, they will love them!<br /><br />Penny is delightfully funny and she bravely shares some horrific experiences.  To make a good thing even better, she was born on Beatles' Day, February 7, the anniversary of the day the Beatles came to America!  The daughter of two ardent inveterate Beatle fans, Penny develops a love for the Beatles early and even wants a Hey Bulldog for a pet.  The social dynamics and social hierchy are given in plain terms and the story is one that pulls you in right away.  You will travel down the Long & Winding Road with Penny Lane and her fellow Hearts as they get by with a little help from their friends as they learn that in the end the love you take is equal to the love you make.  The Hearts convert \\"A Hard Day's Night\\" into a \\"Good Day Sunshine\\" and soon are singing \\"I Feel Fine.\\"  The Beatles remain a comforting presence throughout the book and a driving force that impels Penny and her fellow Hearts as well.<br /><br />A heartfelt kudos and thank you to Elizabeth Eulberg.  These delightful characters are wonderfully empowering and the Beatle humor brings big smiles to readers' faces.  No doubt readers will take some ideas away after having read this book.  If you listen to the Beatles while reading this work by this gifted Paperback Writer, you will increase your reading pleasure.<br /><br />John Lennon's 1970 \\"Instant Karma,\\" Paul McCartney's 1977 \\"I've Had Enough\\" and George Harrison's 1965 \\"Think For Yourself\\"  underscore a good portion of this book.  So do these Beatle classics: \\"I'll Be Back,\\" \\"She Loves You,\\" \\"This Boy,\\" \\"It Won't Be Long\\" and \\"The Long & Winding Road\\" which are the soundtrack of this book together with \\"I Want to Tell You,\\" a 1966 George Harrison classic.  This gets a high endorsement and a hearty yeah, yeah, yeah from me!  I love this book!<br /><br />Beatles Forever!humor brings big smiles to readers' faces.  No doubt readers will take some ideas away after having read this book.  If you listen to the Beatles while reading this work by this gifted Paperback Writer, you will increase your reading pleasure.        John Lennon's 1970 \\"Instant Karma,\\" Paul McCartney's 1977 \\"I've Had Enough\\" and George Harrison's 1965 \\"Think For Yourself\\"  underscore a good portion of this book.  So do these Beatle classics: \\"I'll Be Back,\\" \\"She Loves You,\\" \\"This Boy,\\" \\"It Won't Be Long\\" and \\"The Long & Winding Road\\" which are the soundtrack of this book together with \\"I Want to Tell You,\\" a 1966 George Harrison classic.  This gets a high endorsement and a hearty yeah, yeah, yeah from me!  I love this book!      Beatles Forever!
B001XJEKGC|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see Clapton and Winwood during this tour, and the \\"Live From Madison Square Garden\\" DVD reminds me why I loved the show so much. The concert itself is close to two and a half hours long, but there are some worthwhile extras on the second DVD that bring the total presentation to over three hours.<br /><br />Musically both performances were wonderful. When I went to the show, I went more for Clapton, but was blown away by the Winwood material to the point I consider it a tossup which I prefer. (That's a great conundrum to have!) In short, I loved the concert and I love this DVD. There are too many numbers to discuss each one, but they're all great. I personally think both veterans have aged well, and was very pleased that Winwood's voice still allowed him to hit the high notes in \\"Can't Find My Way Home\\" and master the bluesy growl necessary for \\"Voodoo Chile,\\" my two favorites from the show. Both are musically in great form; Clapton's guitar work is up there with the best of his Cream days, while Winwood more than holds his own on the guitar and makes his Hammond organ come to life like few others could dream of.<br /><br />The DVD set features the concert on disc one, edited slightly and interspersed with some interview clips of Clapton and Winwood; disc two is a great bonus DVD with a documentary called \\"The Road to Madison Square Garden\\" which is very well done (and from which the interview snippets on disc one were taken), as well as performances of \\"Rambling on My Mind\\" from the soundcheck (Clapton is magnificent in his acoustic work here), \\"Low Down\\", \\"Kind Hearted Woman\\", and a great slow version of \\"Crossroads\\".<br /><br />I highly recommend this DVD set to Clapton or Winwood fans, fans of amazing musicianship, and fans of live music.
B002XTBE8I|5.0|Weel worth the money i have both copies the original and the refill edition and i am glad i spent every dollar eminem is never one to dissapoint and if you don't like eminem you don't like Rap music.
B002T9H2LA|5.0|The impresario of the modern game of violence is at it again. Not since the sleeper \\"The History of Violence,\\" \\"Munich,\\" or Tarantino's own \\"Reservoir Dogs,\\" and his tour de force, the masterpiece \\"Pulp Fiction,\\" have we been served such a tasty platter of cinematic violence.<br /><br />On the menu du jour is both glorious and inglorious violence, and in all their various guises: sweet and bitter violence; morally justifiable violence; violence with and without vengeance; artful and artless violence; unmitigated and mitigated violence, sexual violence, shoot in the testicles violence, ballroom violence, bludgeoning in the head with a baseball bat violence, intellectual and structural violence, strangulation violence, sniper's hero violence, war is hell violence, and an entirely new genre of violence: The \\"reverse holocaust incineration violence.\\" Conspicuously missing from the platter was two of America's favorites: unjustifiable random violence and \\"justifiable homicide\\" - i.e., random violence by ghetto police against blacks.<br /><br />One would think that since our nation's history is so deeply steeped in violence, our filmmakers would by now have perfected cinematic depictions of it as a genre. However, while most filmmakers unaccountably just keep getting lazier and thus worse at it, Tarantino alone seems to just keep getting fresher and better at it. If you think the old \\"kill a Nazi\\" trope has been exhausted, then think again, for here it has been revived, and done so with a creative vengeance.<br /><br />There are not enough metaphors lying around to do justice to Tarantino's handling of violence as the creative backbone of his artistic missions, but two do come to mind. In the first one, violence must be seen (as Duke Ellington saw music), as Tarantino's mistress. And this mistress has to be coaxed into bed, kissed and made love to gently and with great skill, lest the orgasm be released too soon. That of course is where the plot comes in (no pun intended). Here the plot is laid down like a sound track on a musical recording. It can be \\"standalone,\\" but is most useful when it keeps the beat in the background: The plot is to be expanded and compressed, the tempo increased or lagged, and made comical or interesting, depending on the demands of the shape of violence in the main theme in the foreground: Violence thus is the sole instrument of Tarantino's venture into creative human discovery. And he wields it as deftly as any good artist wields a paintbrush.<br /><br />In the second, Tarantino must be seen as just the conductor of a symphony (of violence) in which he orchestrates a score composed simply to collect an earlier unpaid debt from the Nazi holocaust. His \\"score\\" is a thinly disguised plot of \\"justificatory revenge:\\" Sixty years after the fact the Nazi hierarchy must pay in symbolic currency what could not otherwise be collected in objective currency, i.e., in reality. Thus this is nothing less than Hollywood's attempt (through Tarantino) to collect on an outstanding moral debt. And thus at least in some sense, amounts to a \\"reverse symbolic holocaust.\\" The newest trope thus is: While \\"out to play,\\" the leaders of the \\"master race\\" get incinerated in a theater just like the 400 Jews  of Oradour-sur-Glane, France did in 1944. That is cinematic justice, paid in full, but after the fact. Pure and simple.<br /><br />Thus taken altogether the truth is that this medley of thinly disguised justificatory revenge violence, looks and feels good, real good. But alas, Tarantino has rolled the dice, plumbed the depths of America's mother lode: unadulterated violence and come up with \\"craps.\\" No one had to tell him that America's love affair with violence is where the rest of America's soul can be found --after all he is not stupid? But at the bottom of this reservoir, this orgy of justificatory revenge, is violence's next-door neighbor. Did we forget that violence's next-door neighbor is hatred? [After all what good is violence if there is no one to hate?]<br /><br />And therein lies the rub. This is where Tarantino has come full circle, and we have been caught up in his neat emotional trick bag: \\"Morally justifiable violence\\" without mega-hatred is an \\"oxymoron,\\" for wasn't it the Hebrew Bible that warned us that \\"violence begets violence?\\" -- even when it is directed against Hebrews? That is, even when it is used in the service of collecting a debit on the holocaust? Is that not exactly the same as what Osama bin Laden is doing? And was that not exactly the same message of both the \\"History of Violence\\" and \\"Munich?\\" Pitt gets an award for this. He was just great!<br /><br />Five Stars.
0307588335|4.0|The jury seems to be split in this book. Some call it the greatest Wall Street insider book they've ever read, others say its worthless drivel. In my opinion, it was a decent book, provided clarity into a lot of what happened in the crash of '08, and overall was an easy and fairly informative read. Yes, the author's hubris comes in pretty strong at some points, but I assume that this is mainly the personality type of a streeter. No, I didn't quite agree with his analysis of the mortgage boys that caused \\"the entire subprime meltdown\\", but I can see how he would argue that from his vantage point.     Overall I think its worth getting at the library and maybe picking up at a cheap price. Maybe you'll be too turned off by the arrogance throughout, but I think it was at least an informative book.
B00007L4MJ|4.0|Restored version with live symphony orchestra playing the original score premieres simultaneously in Berlin and Frankfurt on 12 February 2010.
1851775722|5.0|I recently visited the Victoria and Albert Museum in London and bought this book in the bookshop.  The pictures are gorgeous and show the details of workmanship which are the aim of the dedicated costumer.  Having browsed the images in the V&A website countless times, I only wish the Museum would have all the garments on display all the time, and that every one could be described in the way they are in this book!  That being impossible, the book is organized in a way that presents a practical outline of influences on style and the construction of garments.  With Janet Arnold and this series, I consider myself well-armed for my work.
B001P1FZDK|5.0|They Make Me Happy....  Not a bad thing.  I don't care if this is helpful.  They make me happy.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I've been using my forerunner 405cx for about 3 weeks and absolutely love it. As with others who reviewed it I do find the bezel a bit finicky but I don't usually try to change settings mid run. I have it set to scroll thru speed / distance/ heart rate while I'm running which is all I really need to see. I did change each screen to display only 2 items - otherwise the displayed items were too small for my aging eyes. I typically run for about an hour each day and the battery is fine even if I don't put it on charge before next run. Longest run using the Garmin is just over 2 hours - no problem with battery. I rarely scroll back thru historic data. Instead I upload to Garmin Connect. Heart rate monitor is more consistent than my old polar which would seem to lose contact during run. One of the selling points was the virtual partner but I haven't actually used it all that much. I intend to use it more however. I know its a bit of a \\"gadget\\" but that is actually a motivator to get me out the door. I find I run a little bit faster and a little bit farther since my forerunner is watching! Overall if \\"gadgets\\" keep you motivated to run and the cost doesn't prohibit purchase I think its well worth the investment.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|This is a great film, especially for the legions of Austen addicts (including myself).  It helps to laugh a little at your own insane ideas about meeting the perfect girl or guy and having uninterrupted passion and desire for them.  Jane Austen might enjoy the levity and fun poked at her endearing characters and the addition of some heavy handed visual explanation of her subtle and insightful character development and social commentary.  Finally, the incredibly attractive Jemima Rooper is captivating and hilarious.  Probably more of a throb to the modern man's heart than Lizzy, with a smile and laugh that you don't easily forget!!
B001AVCFK6|5.0|Less than a year old, this new Star Trek movie seems to fall perfectly into the great pantheon of popcorn flicks that you can flip on and start watching again and again.  The Blu-Ray presentation only adds to the fun for a special-effects laden movie such as this one.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Our whole family responded positively to this movie.  It is a real eye opener!!
B00003CWRX|4.0|The Insider would have worked as a plot-driven film. Jeff Weigand has his family and career destroyed when he revelas corperate dirt on big tabacco.<br /><br />But what makes the film so incredible is that it is in fact charactor driven, not just moved ahead by story. The cerebral, family oritented yet emotional Wiegand-Russel Crowe-is contrasted with the hip, radical 60 Minutes Producer Lowell Bergman, played by Al Pachino.<br /><br />Both charactors dig their heals into their positions, and watcing these two passionate but  extremely bright guys in give and take is simply incredible to watch.<br /><br />The acting is incredible. Both men want, often, conflicting things--Wiegand some shred of privacy and protection, Bergman his story and all he needs to know to protect Wiegand.<br /><br />The subtance of the tobacco litigation is interesting. But the drives of both men--and how smartly this is discussed-is what makes the Insider a cut above most whistle blower movies.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|i recommend this to all my friends.  even if you don't have a dog you'll enjoy the human aspect of this story and the positive philosophy about living life!
B002WCLG48|1.0|I was so excited to hear that this was coming out i thought that wow a halo movie finally coming out. But what do they do they make several short stories about the halo universe. You think that they would make a full lenght feature film but noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo thay had to ruin this by making several short stories. Buy this only if you are a halo fan.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|I loved this piece. It was beautifully filmed. The actors were phenomenal. The book was brought to life in such a compelling way. It was an all-around amazing work!!!
B0001HAISG|5.0|Peter Pan, one of the most enduring stories of all time, finds its ideas and visions captured perfectly in this film adaptation.     THE GOOD: Just about everything.  The script is true to its literary roots, the casting is absolutely perfect, the visuals are wonderful, the score is beautiful, and the special effects are classy and elegant.  Special applause for ending the creepy tradition of having women in the lead role.  Rather than confusing the crap out of us with Cathy Rigby or Mary Martin, Jeremy Sumpter as the lead *is* Peter Pan.  He is convincing, entertaining, and fully believable.  The use of colour to convey moods is both beautiful and effective.  The climax gives you chills.  It is wondrous how much excitement and joy has been squeezed into this gem.  The audio is haunting and perfect.     THE BAD: There is nothing bad about Peter Pan.  It could not have been done any better.  This is the definitive version for all time.     THE VERDICT: The is a great looking and sounding film.  The story is wondrous and exciting.  The actors are all uniformly perfect for the roles.  Jeremy Sumpter in particular is a revelation.  I really believe that this version of Pan is one of the great cinematic achievements of film.  Everyone should watch this - it's pure enjoyment that represents everything that the cinema should be.  I have also found it to be one of the most re-watchable movies ever; it can give you butterflies in your stomach just as much on the tenth viewing as the first.  One of the most solid 5 stars out of 5 that I can name.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|i got this for my xbox 360 and i was surprised how much it upgraded the graphics, everything was much more sharper and the audio was more clear.
0143116177|4.0|Another tour de force of world history, this time focusing on financial history, a topic that everyone who has been hit in some way by the current recession should be looking into.  Once again going against the grain, Ferguson argues that money and the subsequent institutions and promissory notes that have been used to save or create more money are the keys to national wealth and expansion, not their destruction.  In fact, whenever he traces the rise and fall of vast fortunes throughout history, it only serves to add to his argument that constantly evolving financial markets pave the roads towards progress.  His narrative on chapter two about the French bond market bubble in the early 18th century is a good example of this.  However, where Ferguson stumbles, in my opinion, is in his lack of explanation regarding basic economic terms and principles.  He knows what he's subject and I got most of what he was saying, but there were times I was left scratching my head trying to figure out what he was talking about.  If you don't know anything about business or economics, I recommend borrowing a basic econ. textbook or a dictionary on business and econ. terms.  In conclusion, this is a wonderful book on the financial history of the world and very pertinent for our times.
0385737424|5.0|I finished this book yesterday and I've been trying ever since to come up with the best way to review Rebecca Stead's When You Reach Me. By now, everybody's most likely heard that it won the Newberry Medal this year and it well deserved. It's a wonderfully beautifully written story.  I'm going to try but there's no way I can do this story justice.    Miranda is in sixth grade. At first she thinks she's got life figured out but things start to fall apart. Her best friend, Sal, no  longer wants to be friends with her after being punched by a stranger on their way home from school for no reason. So Miranda is stuck making new friends and learning how to handle being a latchkey kid after school without Sal to keep her company. Then, one day, mysterious notes began appearing. The first one says, \\"I am coming to save your friend's life, and my own. I ask two favors. First you must write me a letter.\\" As the story goes on, Miranda realizes that this person knows things about her that there's no way he should know. Who exactly is he? And what does he want from her?    The characters in When You Reach Me are so real and ordinary that I had no problem putting myself in Miranda's shoes. Miranda goes to school, hangs out with friends, helps her mom prepare for The $20,000 Pyramid, refuses to read any book but A Wrinkle in Time (when I finished this book, I was wishing my copy of A Wrinkle in Time was handy so that I could go back and reread it). Stead so deftly weaves in a sci-fi/fantasy element to this story that as a reader, you hardly notice it's showing up until it hits you in the face.     I borrowed this book from the library but I know without a doubt that I will be buying a copy for my library. It's a definite keeper and rereader.
B000UBMSB8|5.0|This is a great edition for anyone who needs to work with archival versions of Blade Runner, or anyone who just wants to watch the film. Blade Runner was released in multiple versions - most notably the original 1982 domestic release, the 1992 \\"Director's Cut,\\" and the 2007 \\"Final Cut.\\" This edition brings all of these (and a couple other key archival versions) together in one place. While I am a fan of the Final Cut and do think that it will become recognized as both the definitive and artistically best version of the film in the future, the others are also here in case you prefer them.<br /><br />I have done extensive academic research using Blade Runner and have found this version to be perfect for all of my needs - the interviews and other bonus materials supplement the archival versions nicely. My family wanted to watch the film just for fun one night, and this collection also works great for that purpose. I'd recommend this one to anyone interested in watching or researching Blade Runner.
0451529065|5.0|This historic book has been shown to be the key to the evolution of all living things.  Thanks to the explanations given in this book, scientists are able to make vaccines and prevent major outbreaks of decease.  Darwin, initially a man studying for the priesthood, was torn in presenting his evidence because he knew many people, including his wife, would not be happy that his explanations of nature contradicted creationist stories.  This book is a must in everyone's library.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|And I just want to say \\"Brian Eno for President.\\"    This is so damned good it's painful. I'm a pretty big Coldplay fan but they're not Numero Uno for me. But the stuff on this CD is so good and diverse and outside their box it's really on my desert island list.    Every time I hear it I hear something different. I almost always listen to it all the way through. Amazingly lovely stuff to be found here. What a classic. Nice, nice work.    I do wish they could lose Gwyneth Paltrow altogether, but hey, ya' can't have everything.
B001NLKT60|4.0|Great story! All of the characters are very well developed.  I now need to visit Sweden so I can grasp the location setting.  Love the Lisbeth character_ she is tragic and loveable. Eagerly awaiting the release of the last book in this series!
B00009WKPG|2.0|This cd is mostly a bunch of pointless noodling. If you are already in a deep coma...and you want to stay there...then this is for you!  I'm a big Metheny fan...but this is NOT the dynamic Metheny material that most of us love.
B001Y8WAJQ|3.0|Why such high ratings and remarks for Denim and Leather?  This album, IMHO, marked the beginning of the end of what was a super cool metal/rock band.  Their first three albums are killer all the way through with the band being tight, hungry, and dedicated for success.  Imagine Iron Maiden meets Black Sabbath...that's sorta what Saxon sounded like.  Check out their debut album, specifically 'Rainbow Theme/Frozen Rainbow'.  That cut gives you a classic idea of this bands talent.  They followed up with Wheels of Steel and Strong Arm of the Law, both excellent and with even more metal crunch.  By the time Denim & Leather was released, Saxon was slowing down from the classic symptons of success...complexity, mediocrity, and writer's block.  This one's good, but the first three were the BEST!  Trust me -- Spike in Florida
0307346617|5.0|Done in a day and a half, stuck like glue.  I'm a fan of zombie media so it's no surprise.  But because I'm a fan of zombie media, I expected low production values.  Should have known better from that family.  j/k.  Seriously though Max Brooks has done a great job with his zombies.  And I enjoyed the plot structure, brought me back to my childhood and made me use my imagination.  His take of the zombie rules suits me just fine.  I'd love to see some more in this vein, like a sequel, please?  Or, if not that, maybe some fan/outside author spin offs getting into the \\"universe\\"?  I mention \\"universe\\" (e.g. star wars literary universe) because this work is well enough fleshed out to support one, liguisticly and historically.  In either case, you the review seeker, should read this book.  It's timely, reflects current events and history well; the book brushes past some non-zombie issues without trying to preach about them.  A fun, guilt free read, lots of zombie smashing, because zombie aren't people...are they?
0307588335|5.0|Read this book.<br /><br />Prior to this book, I thought 99% of people on Wall Street were self-serving pricks looking for short term wins with no care or worry about risk or the long-term effects of their decisions.<br /><br />After I chain-smoked this book (I read it in 2 days), Larry made it clear that this was not the case. A handful of people (2%)leveraged a vulnerable system for their own personal gain.  Disgusting.<br /><br />Buy this book, borrow it from a friend, do what you need to do to read this book.  And see for yourself.  My opinion is just one opinion like everyone elses but for a person who didn't have any insight into Lehman, I can see clearly now how this travesty unfolded.<br /><br />Thank you Larry McDonald,<br />Rod<br /><br />[[ASIN:0307588335 A Colossal Failure of Common Sense: The Inside Story of the Collapse of Lehman Brothers]]
0307276902|1.0|I bought this book because of all of it's publicity, but just because it's popular, doesn't make it a good read. The story started off strong: He's on an airplane, he's got holes in his face, he's missing teeth, it sounds interesting, right? But as the story goes on, you notice the author's poor style of writing.              James Frey doesn't know how or refuses to use quotation marks. This makes the story difficult to read and you'll find yourself going back and forth between pages to find out who is saying what.         Besides not using quotation marks, Mr. Frey loves to repeat him self over and over. I mean, it's the same thing OVER and OVER. You think that he would get bored with saying the same thing OVER and OVER again, but no. Sometimes he'll change it up a bit with his repetitive thoughts by saying them AGAIN and AGAIN. But hopefully, he'll just go back to reading the same paragraph OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER, AGAIN and AGAIN. This would be okay if we was trying to make a new point or something, but he's already said the same thing OVER and OVER. It's as if you could take out paragraphs and whole pages of this book because they say the exact same thing OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER and OVER!!!!!!!        The story behind \\"A MILLION LITTLE PIECES\\" is a good one. It's interesting. I just really, really, REALLY, wish a different author would have written this.    Deez Nuts, James Frey, Deez Nuts.
6305127646|4.0|A great spy movie. Great add to the shelf for relatively unknown releases. Easily Kilmer's best. Unpredicatable plot, good casting, and Kilmer's dusguises and language impersonations are second to none. Hey, it's not the Roger Moore Bond level movie, but definitely keeps you from looking at your watch.
B002BWP4A6|5.0|. . . should get the Oscar for Best Picture in 2010. Anyone else care to predict?
B0012GN3AU|5.0|concept album ROX! Aimless teen evolves from temptation to Satan's \\"candy\\" (SIN), to the realization Satan's design is his SOLE destruction, to calling out for God.   One of my FAVs, currently a 7$ AMAZON bargain.
B000V8A31C|5.0|This gorgeous score will definitely bring back wonderful memories of the movie. But in my opinion it's easier to appreciate the soundtrack when you're not busy concentrating on the movie. The music is beautiful, lush, and melancholy all at once. Highly recommend to all the romantics out there!
0393051587|5.0|Everything you would expect from it and more.  Lots of fascinating bits about Dickens and the time he lived in and the impact of A Christmas Carol on our culture.  Highly recommend!
B000002ULO|4.0|This is one of McCartney's best of many very good albums.  Especially moving is the ballad, Somedays, but every song is pretty damn good.  George Martin was brought on to produce some of these songs, and his influence shows (as in Somedays).  Also, Paul does a song with Ringo Starr, the only McCartney-Starr collobaration.    Sparkling good show!
B0030IIYWA|5.0|FIRST i would like to say that if u are a blu ray fan and are in love with have disney/pixsar movie this blu ray is the one that u must have in your hads .TOY STORY 1 AND TOYS STORY 2  ARE A MUSH OWN DAY 1 WHEN THEY COME OUT PERIOD.second if u are in love with the store like i am well get ready for this on blu because its going to be the BIGGEST RIDE OF YOUR LIFE EVER ON BLU RAY .I think that when it come down to at the end of the day is how the move was and these 2 movies are by far one of my fav of all time not that disney /pixsar do not do a good job on there other ovies.because that is not the point they do a great job infact the movie UP WAS A NOTHER ONE OF THE FAV AND  ratatouie was just fantastic and cars was a ride in it self and dont for get finding nemo that mvie was good i think there all just one big fantastic ride but hey thats just me i am in love with disney /pixsar movies i think when this movie comes out no questions asked u have to get this movie and u jave to buy the second one as well.OH AND I ALOST FORGOT DO NOT FORGET TO GO SEE THIS JUNE TOY STORY 3 CAN NOT WAIT FOR THAT MOVIE.
B001BANK32|4.0|this book is really good. however it is not as scary as people say it is. i was a little disappointed. but i do not regret reading the shining. it was still really awesome.
B000LW7UR8|4.0|I bought this disc for a song they have done for my favorite TV show. I've heard it several other times (TV commercials, Movie Trailers, etc) and decided to do some research to find out who sang it. It was a good deal so I went ahead and bought the disc. I love the song I was looking for and was surprised that I enjoyed most of their other songs as well. Normally I am particular with this style of music and don't listen to a lot of it (I usually end up more rock or more alternative) but this CD was a nice surprise and I may check out some more of their music too. If it's the style you like, I'd highly recommend it.
B002M9WW30|4.0|Finally, the Rocky set has made it to blu ray.  I have been a fan of Sylvester Stallone since I was a kid.(I am now 39.) I already have the complete Rambo collection on blu ray and it is great to finally have the Rockys.    The quallity of each movies are much better than the previous dvds.  The sound is superb. I have a 76 inch flatscreen tv and surround sound and I'll tell you the quallity of the blu rays make me feel like I'm watching all of them in the theater again. Awesome! If you have a blu ray player, buy these. Much better than dvd.    If I was to complain about any one thing it would be this- Where are the Director's cut of each one? That is why it is getting 4 stars out of 5. The movies themselves and the blu rays are 5 stars.                                                    Thank you Amazon for very fast delivery. 5 stars
B000UR9T8W|5.0|borrowed this movie from a friend and had to get my own copy. very good movie
B001AVCFJM|5.0|CONTAINS SPOILERS! OK, I loved this, just loved it. And all those people whinning about them 'messing' with the original Star Trek characters and series missed the point. The old story lines are still intact; this is just an alternate time and place in space. This movie has given a shot in the arm to the franchise. But it was lovely to see Leonard Nimoy again (my first 'star' crush!). Will the new cast wipe out the memories of the old? Nah. But they are entertaining. Chris Pine was good but I'm a Spock woman and Zachary Quinto was really good. His first scene as an adult Spock was spooky...he even walked like Nimoy. But he was definitely his 'own' Spock. And he met his match in Uhura. I swear, I ALWAYS thought Spock and Uhura had an attraction for one another. In 'Plato's Stepchildren', when Spock and Kirk were switching seats on the couches just before Kirk pairs up with Uhura, I really thought that it was going to be Spock and Uhura. I remember being disappointed that it wasn't. After all, I don't see any other crew member playing the Vulcan harp. All that time spent together learning it? There has been fan fiction for years about Spock and Uhura (which I didn't discover until after the movie!). That attraction was always there and it was smart of the director to go in that direction. I hope that stays in the new movie yet to come (throw in Nurse Chapel to give it a little tension but keep Spock with Uhura. I never cared for her). Karl Urban was fantastic as Bones. The weakest character was Chekov. The Sulu character (John Cho) was good and also a little hunk in his own right. Bana was Boring. Otherwise, enjoy!
B00070QXL8|4.0|Got me laughing throughout. Hugh Grant is hot as always, and the soundtrack is wonderful.
B002LLE3PY|5.0|Being a King Crimson fan from the very start, Lizard has always been my favorite... always an album too big for stereo, it can finally breathe as it should have. The detail and complexity come through nicely with DTS 5.1 and I'm very satisfied with the results. I had it on preorder since October '09 and after several delays it finally arrived in Jan '10, I understand there were a few quality issues initially which might be the cause of my wait, but my copy sounds fine.<br /><br />Having this in 5.1 is a sort of religious experience for me... I know there might be small few out there who understand.
B00005JKG9|2.0|The stars are for the superb acting of veteran actors, Al Pacino, Jack Lemmon, and Ed Harris.
1401323820|4.0|Slightly route, slightly cheesy, slightly quirky but very fun, this novel is a kick in that it is simply fiction on fiction. From the completely fake cover depicting \\"Richard Castle\\" in large letters as a NY Times bestselling author to the author picture on the back it is really a general consumption prop for the television show Castle. Please don't think that I'm complaining because I'm totally not, it was the idea of reading a novel written by a television character that drew me to the book in the first place, even though I've never watched one single episode of the show.    In this story Mr. Castle apparently reveals his own inner day dreams when he writes about NYC detective Nikki Heat as she investigates the murder of a prominent real estate tycoon. In his story Castle has depicted himself as jet setting Pulitzer Prize winner, Jameson Rook, who is riding along with Detective Heat for an article on the department. It is my understanding that this plot line pretty much echoes the one from the show with the exception of the...a hem...consummation of attraction. It was obvious that this book was written to play to the clichés of the murder mystery genre with a bit of romance thrown in. Nothing spectacular but I was quite entertained and had no trouble sticking with the story.    In the end I have to say I'm pleased I decided to try this story out and was quite happily entertained. It didn't hurt that uber cutie Nathan Fillion was smiling out at me from the back cover every time I put the book down. I've even put disc 1 of Castle up near the top of my Netflix queue and I'm looking forward to watching the \\"real\\" duo in action LOL!
B0002VKZL6|5.0|This is an excellent album.  Other than one or two songs which I don't like too much (!) the bulk of the songs are of an exceptional nature, in the story telling style that MK seems to have adopted.  Lovely tunes, outstanding production and poignant lyrics make this a must for any MK and AOR fan.
B0001IN07Q|1.0|This has got to be the worst direction of a DVD I have ever seen.  In one track alone I counted 37 images fading in/out with the span of one minute.  If you are looking for a true concert DVD, look elsewhere such as his \\"Caught in the Act\\" as this is not it.  I wish I had read the other reviews before I purchased this.  What an absolute waste of good money!!!
B0009K7RES|3.0|this is a good live album/ep.  The mastering is excellent and MK sounds great as usual.  The problem I have is that the content is not really that different from the Shangri La album...I did expect more extended live version.
0312370849|4.0|In July of 1942 the French police rounded up 10,000 French Jews and deported them to a French concentration camp where the children under 12 were seperated from their mothers and the mothers and fathers were shipped to Aushwitz. Amazingly, the French police willingly participated in this torture and murder of its Jewish citizens.  Ten thousand Jews of which 6,ooo were children under 12 were rounded up and held in a French stadium.  They were without food, water, or sanitary facilities for days until the cattle cars were made ready to transfer them to the death camps.  Many died in the stadium.  There were toddlers and infants without food, water or diapers crying in terrible distress.  A woman gave birth to a still born child during the episode.  Then they were shipped to a camp 2 hours from Paris where the men, women , and children were separated.  After the men were shipped off to their deaths, screaming children under 12 were torn from their mothers.  The hysterical mothers separated from their young were also sent to the death camps.  The children including infants & toddlers were held there and left to their own devices.  One  10 year old little girl, Sara, must return to Paris to unlock the cabinet where she hid her 2 year old brother before the round up.  She escapes and flees into the countryside.  She returns to her Paris apartment with the family that took her in to find it occupied by another family.  She discovers her baby brother dead behind the door to the cabinet.  He had been there at least 9 days.    The story is narrated by an American journalist living in France.  She is the wife of the grandson of the family that moved into the apartment vacated by Sara's family.  They knew the apartment previously had belonged to deported Jews.  The apartment has been vacated by her husband's grandmother and she and her family are remodeling it for themselves.  The story shifts from the story about the girl to the story about the narrator from chapter to chapter.  There is one chapter about Sara then one about the journalist ending in several chapters just about the journalist.  This style worked well in Songs From the Butcher's Daughter, but it fails here. The parts of the book about Sara are excellent.  However, the narrator's angst over her narcissitic and gorgeous French husband is unimportant by comparison.  Her distress at discovering the history of the apartment and her husband's infidelities and disloyalty pales in comparison to the tragedy of Sara's life.  Sara's story pretty much ends with the discovery of her brother's dead body, and we finish the tale as part of the narrator's story.  The novel would have been improved had the story continued to focus on Sara and the life she fled to in the U.S.  It could have described her angst, guilt and lonliness because of the horrible tragedy visited by the French on the Jews of France.  I simply can't feel distressed by the plight of the journalist/narrator  when compared to Sara's plight.  It seems cliched, hollow and unimportant.  If you love holocaust fiction ,there is enough in here to interest .  I previously was unaware of the horrible conduct of the French in WWII.  They should be hung by their thumbs for what they did.
B000TUXL2A|5.0|This is a work of art.  Not one bad song.  The songs are truly wonderful, with beautiful music and outstanding lyrics.  Follows the story telling approach of the previous album (Shangri La & Sailing To Philadelphia) and is very well produced and mastered.  This is not a rock album though and anyone expecting that kind of music will be disappointed.  Rather, this is an album that requires you to sit and concentrate and listen to what is being said.  My only disappointment is that MK has taken on a backseat approach re his fantastic guitar playing, would loved to have had some more extended solos present.  Perhaps in the live versions?      Truly outstanding.  A must have for all MK fans...
0670021652|5.0|Maybe it's where my life is but Committed provided much more food for thought than Eat, Pray, Love.  I gauge a book's success on how often I am bursting to share something from it.  In this case, every 10 minutes I felt itchy to write something down or call one of my girlfriends or make my husband listen to another sparkling point.   I'm on my second listen, the paper copy of the book is on the way, and I have a list of authors Gilbert references in her research to read on my own.    I appreciate her self-deprecating sense of humor, her acknowledgement of the complications of everything she discusses, and her analyzing the different points of view in relationships.  I don't find this cumbersome or boring - it's intellectually stimulating.   In my favorite fiction, this is analogous to enjoying the flawed but ultimately good, solid characters and their trials, strivings and motivations. I take life lessons from those characters.    So if you are a plot-driven type of reader, this type of book may not be your cup of tea.  However, dive in if you enjoy character-driven stories or books about social sciences and psychology.
0066620996|5.0|There are many good companies. But great ones, ah that is something entirely different because they are far fewer. Jim Collins in this widly read book discussed the key critical concepts from his 5 year research study of 28 companies as to why some companies succeed by becoming great and others continue to be just good. The analysis revealed disciplined people with disciplined thought drive disciplined actions. Each of these disciplines were further separated into two distinct components.<br /><br />Collins also explained the Hedgehog Concept with disciplined thought based upon the Greek parable of the Fox and the Hedgehog. In this story, the Fox knows many things, but the Hedgehog knows only one big thing. By being a Hedgehog there is extreme clarity of focus.<br /><br />Disciplined actions involved both a culture of discipline (education) and technology.  Both were obvious in organizations that truly transformed themselves into great businesses.<br /><br />Beyond the research data, Collins provided excellent diagrams along with an extensive appendix and index (comprised about 20% of the book). This book helps to understand the necessary transformations in organizational evolution.  If you want to take your organization or even yourself to that next level or what I call [[ASIN:0981800459 be The Red Jacket in a sea of gray suits]], this is pardon the pun a great read.
B001F12J0C|1.0|I love the Bourne movies, and when I finally bought the trilogy I was excited to get them in this particular packaging, which is small and kind of cool-looking.    The reason for one star and the disappointment? ==>MOVIE #1 WAS MISSING.  Ultimatum and Supremacy were there in their pretty packages, but Identity was gone.  Packaging looked intact, and everything normal otherwise.  Then, no way on the Amazon site to notify someone of this.  The only option I found?  Trying to return the product for a refund and ordering again.  Too much hassle.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Loved the show; the actors were great and portrayed the exact personalities of the original characters!  Loved the twists, loved the way it turned out.  Wow, this movie ended up being my favorite movie of the year!  The sad part is that I bought the DVD, because I used to love Star Trek and I have all of the movies the original cast made, but put off watching it for more than a month, because of lack luster reviews.  That was stupid of me, I should have know better.  This movie turned out to be everyting it should have been!  Loved it!
1405035412|5.0|I love this book, and everything else by this author. We first checked it out from the library and renewed it the maximum times, so after we returned it I ordered the board book version from Amazon. And much to my happiness, it was a UK version! So instead of braids, the text now says plaits. Instead of fries, the text says chips. It's a fun story. My toddler LOVES to read it.
0385340567|2.0|Not the best of the bunch and a plot that reached a little too far for plausibility BUT I like the series. Also, I think many of the reviews here are right on the money and maybe say a little something about how next we'll spend our money. Will I pick up the next new release? Sure, because Lee Child is still a talented writer and that tends to shine through as most of us here agree.
0273659030|5.0|The difference between merely getting by and making an impact in your writing is totally dependent upon a few key strategies that you take: Barbara Mento's \\"The Pyramid Principle\\" shows you how to structure your thoughts before writing. It is not a style manual and it is not an easy book to read. You will really have to \\"want\\" it. It is about the thinking process that should precede writing. I am the first to admit that thinking is a difficult business, but it is worth it. Yes, I had to read the book 3 times before the light bulb came on. Is this book worth your time? It depends. Do you want to be a better writer or not?<br /><br />That is a good book which is opened with expectation and closed in profit. ~ Amos Bronson Alcott ~
B00003CXTG|1.0|This film makes one who cares anything for our veterans and history ill.  Emphasis was not placed on the attack, but on ridiculous romantic relationships.  Who wants to see a movie with Ben A. anyway?
B000089770|4.0|The first thing to do is to rip the photo off the cover of the DVD package.  The cover photo is just silly and has no relevance to the film.  This film is a study of extremes....the common denominator is a smoke shop.  Everything revolves around the smoke shop.....and, considering this film was made in 1995, the motifs are timeless.....everyone seem to be trying to \\"connect\\" with the world as they know it.  There is some meandering and a few scenes that could have been cut, but all in all, the film is a \\"keeper\\" and can be viewed several times to extract all it has to offer.  You won't waste your buck on this.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Remember the late 60s?  The James Bond lead songs sung by great women and the tube amplifier are things I am reminded of by Duffy.  Maybe some people won't like this is a retro R&B style and that over half the songs are that 60s you-done-me-wrong thing.  I didn't care. Duffy has STYLE and a great sound.  The guitarist plays slow and clean reminding me of Eric Clapton but better.   I LIKED THIS SO MUCH I bought several for our friends for Christmas.  SO far everyone loved this CD.  Don't wait now.  Get your own if you don't have it yet.  Thank you Duffy.  This is my favorite album over the last several years.
B002GSXKN8|5.0|We bought this set for Christmas for our daughter who is obsessed with anything Batman, Batgirl, Robin and Teen Titans.  She's guarding it with her life!  The quality of the movies is the same as when they all first came out for purchase on VHS/DVD.  It's really nice to have the whole original movie set on two discs in one case.
031606792X|4.0|Having read the other books in this series, I have to say that this one was rather predictable.  I enjoyed it, and it was an easy read, but anyone with a brain could figure out what was to happen by the end of it.  I guess I've read too many adult mysteries and sci-fi thrillers to expect that the simple vampire/love story would leave me wanting for more.  Don't get me wrong.  I read them because I have a younger daughter who seemed to enjoy them, and we had things to discuss about the books, and her perceptions about the characters in the story and how she was relating them to real life gave us much to talk about. So it was an enjoyable experience for us to read them together, and I hope to find other books we can also share.
B002VECMBI|1.0|I cant believe the hype this film is getting - or maybe I just didn't get it. It starts off ok enough Clooney in cruise control playing George Clooney just like every other film he is in. Then oh oh trout pout love interest Vera Farmiga shows up - with the worst body double you have ever seen for the nude scene - and the film becomes yet another sappy rom-com.     But what makes this worse is that while it tries to take itself seriously regarding lay-offs, unemployment, love marriage, whats the point of it all blah blah - it runs off down the buddy movie path with that old cliché of the old pro (Clooney) and the young eager but green new recruit ( Anna Kendrick ) who Clooney takes under his wing and guides her through the job while she helps him become a better person.    Oh dear how many movies have tread this wearisome path. Not interesting not funny not particularly well acted - how on earth did this get such glowing reviews from the critics?
B002VWOMLI|4.0|The movie has already been out on BluRay.  Enough with a description.  Someone, please tell me if this edition has a superior Picture Quality - a better bit rate, more detail, etc.
0545123267|4.0|I've heard teen readers say, \\"Twilight was so fantastic. There will never be another book that makes me feel like Twilight did.\\"<br /><br />You think so? Well then, you haven't read SHIVER. It has thrills and chills, unfathomable romance, and a teenage boy hero who is more true-to-life than Edward could ever hope to be, in spite of the fact that he becomes a werewolf whenever the temperature drops.<br /><br />I enjoyed Twilight; don't get me wrong. I've read 'em three times and counting. But Edward isn't real. There are no people who sparkle. On the other hand, Sam--the key male character in SHIVER--he's genuine. He's the kind of kid I'd expect to see just walking down my street.<br /><br />And like Twilight, this book kept me wondering what's going to happen to Sam and his lady love next. I couldn't turn pages fast enough! I was constantly on the edge of my seat!<br /><br />This week I plan to post a more detailed review of the book on my blog, Passing Love Notes (Wordpress). All I can say is: It's well worth your money. Buy it.
B001J9AQA0|5.0|This is seriously one of the best albums I have ever heard. If you like bands w/ a U2 and Coldplay like sound you will love this band. The Script CD is sheer perfection. The lead singers voice is wonderful, the music is awesome. And the lyrics are so good, not just fluff. The songs are so well written and well sung. It's definitely a band that you need to watch closely. I wish they were bigger in the US, cause they deserve to be. This is an album that is well worth buying the whole CD; each song is so incredible. I really can't pick favorites -- they are all so good! One of my favorite all time bands.
B000BYA4JM|4.0|Movie is obviously not for everyone.    Griffin Dunne was great in his role. He had some great interactions with the character Nikki Finn.
B001HPP2XW|5.0|There are a lot of things to just love about this movie.  It's one of the best romantic comedies ever made, IMO.  So what makes this movie so appealing?  First and foremost is Audrey.  The camera just loves her.  Look for the shot of Audrey playing Moon River on a balcony slightly out of focus.  I don't think I've ever seen a more stunningly beautiful shot of a woman's face in any movie ever.  Then you have the opening and closing of the movie, incredibly romantic images w/ Moon River in the background.  There are the scenes w/ NYC in the background that are also most appealing.  The romance between Hepburn and Peppard is believable and touching.  There are a few things to pick apart about the movie.  Mickey Rooney portrays a Japanese photographer in an incredibly stereotyped and somewhat racist light.  The movie might be 20 minutes or so too long, which is ok, as Hollywood used to take its time in giving the audience the feel of a scene.  Take Audrey and the Mancini music, especially Moon River, out of the movie and it's probably just another forgettable romantic comedy.  Its really those 2 elements that make this movie a must-see classic.  Highly recommended...
B000AJIF4E|5.0|The Sony MDR-7506 headphones are legendary. I got mine for around $150...over TWENTY YEARS AGO...and they are still functioning great. To say that they last is an understatement. Do yourself a favor and don't look at another pair of headphones--not even for your home studio recording. I don't know so much about professional studio recording, and the headphones there, but I have read a few accounts by those in the professional field where they have tried the Sony MDR-7506 headphones and prefer nothing else.<br /><br />Pure quality! Longevity. Great sound! Durable, and comfortable. And the plug is so convenient--the gold adapter screws on for the large 1/4\\" sockets, and you just unscrew it and take it off for the tinier sockets.<br /><br />Probably the only drawback here (and in these more modern times, since this pair came out) is that they aren't for walking around listening to your MP3 player (like 'ear buds'), unless you want to look weird, but they DO work for that. :-) Much better for when you're at your computer, listening to your stereo or CD player, plugged into a front drive bay (like the Creative X-Fi Platinum Live Drive), a home studio set-up (multi-track or amplifier).
B0000AQS0F|5.0|An intuitive spaceship mechanic with no training in engineering.  A world-class surgeon on the run.  A pastor whose mysterious past suggests he's been a spy, even an assassin.  A genius psychic schizophrenic.  And a captain who's been on the losing side of a never-ending battle, but never gives up.<br /><br />These, and four more brilliantly-crafted, flawed characters, travel the impoverished,ragged outer rim of the otherwise \\"perfect\\" futuristic universe as outlaws on Serenity, a Firefly-class spaceship that's dark, rusty, full of surprises, and can pull through when other ships can't.  Each character has a story, and by rights, they shouldn't get along - and often don't.  But when the going gets rough (and it always does), they make impossible choices.  And become improbable heroes.<br /><br />This TV series was aired on Fox for just 9 episodes in the fall of 2002, and it was a bumpy ride.  Fox insisted on showing the episodes out of order --- which hopelessly confused the story line.  Pre-empted an episode.  Lost viewers before it ever had the chance to get started.  And this was a death knell for a brilliant series by Joss Whedon, the mind behind innovative offerings like Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Dollhouse.<br /><br />Firefly isn't a dumbed-down, easily packaged story that wraps up in an episode.  It's complex; it evolves.  The characters grow; the plot builds, interweaves.  To understand the premises requires watching a few episodes.  But many got hooked, and continue to do so every day --- and thus, the ever-expanding cult following.<br /><br />So fans demanded more.  They declared themselves Browncoats, a tribute to Captain Mal's fighting attire (the iconic leader of the band of misfits, played by Nathan Fillion.) Release to DVD --- yep.  More material --- they got a movie (Serenity, also available from Amazon.)  Joss Whedon, a social justice advocate, used his fan network to sponsor a fundraiser for women's equality.  Fans produce spinoff stories, create gear, host regional meet-ups, conventions, even musicals!<br /><br />If you want to know what all the fuss is about, take a chance.  Watch it.  And if you've got an inner outlaw or pirate anywhere inside just aching to get out, try to stop yourself from turning Browncoat.  I dare you.s, conventions, even musicals!    If you want to know what all the fuss is about, take a chance.  Watch it.  And if you've got an inner outlaw or pirate anywhere inside just aching to get out, try to stop yourself from turning Browncoat.  I dare you.
B002RSDW80|5.0|Meryl Streep hit two movies out of the ball park in 2009, It's Complicated and Julie and Julia. Although I have never really cared for Ms. Streep, she shines in these two films. Julie and Julia is a wonderfully romantic film.<br /><br />The director, Nora Ephron, did a wonderful job with the two parallel stories of modern day Julie making Julia Child's recipes and blogging, and Julia Child writing 'Mastering French Cooking.' The film alternates between Julie Powell in 2002 taking on the challenge of preparing all the recipes from Mastering French Cooking; and Julia Child's life before television and how she came to write the cookbook. The contrast between Julia writing her book (carbon paper, onion skin, and a typewriter) and Julie writing her blog (a computer) was wonderful.<br /><br />Having grown up with Julia Child on PBS, it was difficult to imagine Julia Child married, smoking, and being romantic. It shouldn't be such a surprise, but it certainly took a little time to accept. I loved the performances by Amy Adams as Julie Powell, Meryl Streep as Julia Child, and Stanley Tucci as Paul Child. Meryl Streep did a great job with the Julia Child accent and mannerisms. The weakest actor in the group was Chris Messina as Eric Powell, Julie's husband. After his horribly gross devouring of the bruchetta with his mouth open, it was hard not to notice the pig like moments later on. This doesn't ruin the film; he is simply not up to the amazing bar the other three raised.<br /><br />The trailer does not spoil this film. There are so many recent films that are completely ruined by the trailers.<br /><br />The film is a bit long, at just over two hours. The center of the film could have been trimmed. Technically the film is very well shot with steady images, perfectly exposed, and good framing. This film is heavily dependent on the well recorded dialog, surround effects are not important. The music is fairly annoying at the beginning; it is a melodramatic string arrangement.<br /><br />The DVD has one bonus feature, a making of featurette. The 25 minute piece is a decent production. The real Julie Powell is interviewed. The actor interviews were better than average, they didn't just retell the story. It was very enjoyable to watch.<br /><br />I enjoyed this film very much. I love cooking and I love food. I never much cared for Julia Child, until watching this movie. I now appreciate that she did something amazing bringing French cooking to mainstream America. The movie was a bit less about cooking than romance, and it delivered.eature, a making of featurette. The 25 minute piece is a decent production. The real Julie Powell is interviewed. The actor interviews were better than average, they didn't just retell the story. It was very enjoyable to watch.     I enjoyed this film very much. I love cooking and I love food. I never much cared for Julia Child, until watching this movie. I now appreciate that she did something amazing bringing French cooking to mainstream America. The movie was a bit less about cooking than romance, and it delivered.
B001C48EF6|5.0|The Young Victoria is a magnificent historical drama depicting the childhood and early reign of Queen Victoria.  Victoria was a lonely child brought up by her widowed mother, cloistered in an out of the way corner of Kensington Palace.  She knew no one of her own age and grew up in an atmosphere of fear and intrigue.  Her mother, the Duchess of Kent, worried that her daughter might die young or be murdered (a not all together groundless fear since her uncles, whom she preceded in the Line of Succession, were greedy and callous), and kept her under constant guard.  The Duchess was under the control of her unscrupulous comptroller Sir John Conroy, who saw  himself as the future power behind a throne occupied by an intimidated Victoria.<br /><br />Despite the dysfunctional nature of her upbringing, Victoria grew into an intelligent and independent minded young woman who, when she succeeded to the throne at 18, immediately rid herself of her mother and Sir John Conroy's influence.  It was at this time that Victoria came under the spell of two very different men, her first Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and her first cousin and future husband Prince Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.  A marriage between the two had been planned almost from their births by the ambitious Saxe-Coburg family, and it was fortunate that on Victoria's side at least the marriage was also a love match. Soon after his wedding Albert began taking steps to assert himself, and eventually ended up serving as an unacknowledged but indispensable co-monarch with his wife.<br /><br />This is the bare bones summary of the very rich and complex story of The Young Victoria.  Beautifully filmed with elegant sets and costumes, it also does an excellent job of depicting the complicated political situation of the late 1830s, when the British monarch was still able to influence public policy.  Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend are marvelous in the chief roles, and the supporting roles are ably filled as well.  Anyone who has read much about Victoria's early reign will recognize that some historical liberties have been taken in the name of drama, but the essential story is accurate.<br /><br />This marvelous film will be added to my DVD collection as soon as it is released, and I anticipate many happy hours watching it for many years to come.out Victoria's early reign will recognize that some historical liberties have been taken in the name of drama, but the essential story is accurate.     This marvelous film will be added to my DVD collection as soon as it is released, and I anticipate many happy hours watching it for many years to come.
B00280LYIC|5.0|The lightning thief is the best book for  poeple who love adventure and greek mythology. It is about a boy named Percy Jackson who is diagnosed with ADHD (because of his battle skills). I can't tell you any more or else you will only read this and not the book!!!
B0000DJZ8R|5.0|Great American film making by John Ford. All teenagers should be made to watch this movie to appreciate what tough times really are. Henry Fonda as Tom Joad is just great acting.
B0011UBDTK|5.0|The first set was shipped quickly and purchased as a gift for Christmas. Upon opening it on Christmas day we discovered it was missing a disk. We returned it with no problem and was sent a replacement before we had a chance to send the first one back.
B001QOGYFO|5.0|Mark my words.  Anyone who gives this film a poor review ought to be examing themselves.  How much society and all it's current ills have made them immune to tension and violence.<br /><br />For \\"White Out\\" is an intense thriller.  Within the first 15 minutes I thought I had guessed who the \\"bad guy\\" was but the rest of the film set about disproving my hunch again and again.  All the while entertaining me with eye popping scenes that were believable and again and again completely surprising.<br /><br />A constant fight against the elements is an underlying and ever present theme of this film.  In that respect it is supernatural.  Those wide open spaces indifferent to our survival and able at times to reach out and snuff out life at a whim.  How much more supernatural do viewers want this film to be?<br /><br />Then there are the confrontational scenes between characters all of which I nearly held my breath while viewing and wondering who would win.  How much more violence or gore do viewers want?<br /><br />This is a nice and tight directed detective thriller.  As such it is much better than the two most recent very disappointing detective thrillers made by those awesome actors Pacino and DeNiro.  A believable story right from the start and not the story you think it is.  Yet another big surprise guaranteed to entertain.<br /><br />The scenery and sets are well put together and except for some scenes I watched and wondered what was blue screen and what was filmed on site somewhere.  But that is an issue with all films today.  As such, scenery and sets were 100% believeable.<br /><br />The supporting actors, and there were many in this film, were all excellent and contributed to the whole story.  They played their parts perfectly.  The main actors, and there are several, were so good I finished that film with the thought I had just escaped the woes of this world for 2 hours and felt reinvigorated.  In other words, such good acting by the main stars that one is drawn out of oneself completely and into the story on the screen.<br /><br />I think this film like others in it's genre will improve over the years.  We have several films set in far off icy cold places and they all have one thing in common.  They are better liked years after they came out than when they previewed.  \\"White Out\\" will most likely fall in that category for some viewers.<br /><br />For others like me, we will recognize at once a cracker jack good story that keeps one on the edge of the seat, unless you've spent years wallowing in film gore that is, and is thoroughly entertaining throughout.<br /><br />Bravo for Beckinsale or however one spells her name.  She did a grand job.  Simply grand.<br /><br />A great film.  Great acting all around.  A great story that keeps you guessing.<br /><br />Like I said, what do people want?  Better that negative viewers take a long look at their film tastes and try to re-edit the more violent or trite movies from their own lists.  When one watches truly awful films that soak up blood and guts or the dumbest things one can dream up or both, one really does lose the ability to see something perfectly entertaining.<br /><br />\\"White Out\\" is perfecting entertaining.  That is what popular film was about for decades.  I am happy to see some still think entertaining is a good thing.story on the screen.       I think this film like others in it's genre will improve over the years.  We have several films set in far off icy cold places and they all have one thing in common.  They are better liked years after they came out than when they previewed.  \\"White Out\\" will most likely fall in that category for some viewers.    For others like me, we will recognize at once a cracker jack good story that keeps one on the edge of the seat, unless you've spent years wallowing in film gore that is, and is thoroughly entertaining throughout.      Bravo for Beckinsale or however one spells her name.  She did a grand job.  Simply grand.      A great film.  Great acting all around.  A great story that keeps you guessing.      Like I said, what do people want?  Better that negative viewers take a long look at their film tastes and try to re-edit the more violent or trite movies from their own lists.  When one watches truly awful films that soak up blood and guts or the dumbest things one can dream up or both, one really does lose the ability to see something perfectly entertaining.      \\"White Out\\" is perfecting entertaining.  That is what popular film was about for decades.  I am happy to see some still think entertaining is a good thing.
B0000DYKET|5.0|Nice looking pair of sandals.  You need to wear them a bit before they conform to your foot, but overall I have been pleased.  They look as though they will last for a long time.
B00003CWL6|1.0|A shallow steaming heap. Not much happens, in a plot that creeps along aimlessly, at a pace that is almost as boring as it's characters. But few things imaginable are that boring. Hapless attempts at being shocking, fall flat throughout this mess. Shockless shock, for shock's sake (yawn). Maybe in the 50's we could have been shocked. But by now it has all been seen before, certainly more convincingly as well.    As flaccid and full of itself, as it's progressively more narcissistic star. The only shocking thing about this mess is the acclaim and awards it has received.    Pity ZERO STARS is not an option, this one qualifies.
0061719544|4.0|I received this charming little book for Christmas, and finally got around to reading it.      Of course, I knew who Craig Ferguson was before I read the book through his work on the \\"Drew Carey Show,\\" which I watched a few times, and his late show, which I have seen less than that because it's a little too past my bedtime.  Although I did remember a singularly funny interview he did with Gerard Butler which had me rolling.       I was not expecting this often harrowing and frightening narrative about his childhood in the sometime-grim environs of Glasgow and his unjaundiced view of his rise to fame, a rise punctuated by sad tales of alcoholism, drug experimentation, failed romances, and depression, all problems he lays squarely at his own doorstep and no one else's.  And even though he makes light of his past foibles as only an excellent comedian can, at points, the undertone is dark indeed.  As it should be.  This is not a fluff autobiography, but one layered with the strength of carefully examined, hard-earned regrets.  But I also appreciated the unapologetic tone since Ferguson has not only overcome his past, but used it aggressively to hone his comic talents as the voice of a man of - perhaps - too many experiences resolved to banish the dark through laughter.  I also appreciated how nothing in this work could even be remotely construed as a \\"self-help\\" book or a \\"pity party.\\"  Nothing but refreshing candor, and I found no suspect slyness in the prose.        But, his portraits of his Scottish family also took me by surprise.  Not only does the reader get a hard look at the ups and down of Glasgow as it began to fade into economic despair, but also a hard look at the hilarious antics and sense of humor his family used to make it through rough times and never failing in its \\"tough love\\" for this blackest of sheep.  I never saw a sterotype of the \\"dour Scot\\" rebutted so adroitly.    I am not normally a fan of celebrity biographies, but like the one I reviewed of late about Andre Agassi, if they continue to be written in this manner and with such graceful honesty, I might well become one.      Recommended!  I especially recommend it for fans, comedians in training, and those who have or are struggling with substance issues on their own.  It will enliven and - perhaps - enlighten if read with a generous spirit and uncritical eye.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is a great CD.  I love Susan Boyle and her voice is amazing.  My service at Amazon was great, as always.  I received my CD in no time and I have enjoyed listening.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I never write these things but I always read them.  So for me to write a review means I was either impressed with the product or irritated by it.    In this case I was very impressed.  I did a lot of research on several GPS based training watches and I kept coming back to Garmin.  I love my nav unit for my car so I gambled on this watch knowing they aren't primarily a manufacturer of training gear.    I must say the watch when set up and calibrated works great for me.  If you have issues with the bezel try to recalibrate it.  I mainly only use it when I start my runs and it is intuitive and easy way to navigate the menus without a ton of buttons.  I set up additional information screens, set it to auto switch the screens in a slow pace, and lock the bezel when I'm running.  I'm not super picky about all the information I see, so for me it is generally pace (you have a ton of options to choose from for each item) distance, and HR info.    I've been on several 3-5 mile runs to see if it is accurate, and it works great.  I took it recently on a 7 mile run through a dense park area and combined with my foot pod it accurately mapped and recorded the workout.  I believe someone stated that you couldn't use the GPS and foot pod together, which is incorrect.  I love that I can now see the elevation changes.  I had no idea there was a 600 ft elevation change on one of my routes.    Lastly, I must say I find the HRM actually better than my old Polar unit, though the strap itself might be a tad bulky for smaller men and women.  The watch itself is pretty small when you consider what is packed into it, and it looks like a watch not a GPS strapped to your forearm.    I run an average of 22 miles a week, and this is one of my favorite purchases yet.    Pros -  It looks and feels like a watch not a GPS strapped to your arm.  It is accurate and has a ton of display options.  I actually like and appreciate the bevel feature.  It's rechargeable, so you don't have to send it in when the battery dies.  (Polar suck in that instance.)  You don't have to have a separate GPS unit, and it works well with a foot pod for treadmill or trail running.    Cons -  Price (I'm a cheap person I guess)  Size (however I totally understand considering what they have to pack in a watch)  HRM strap is somewhat bulky compared to Polar straps.    Well I hope some of this helps others if they were on the fence as I was.
B0001VV1GK|3.0|I purchased this garage for my 2+ year old son based on the high reviews. Fairly easy assembly.  My biggest complaint is that the gas pump is located underneath the entire structure (that's why you can hardly see it in the photos). Thus, it is very difficult to access (even with encouragement, my son gave up and just ignored it altogether), which is very unfortunate because the gas pump is one of the \\"funnest\\" features. I fixed the situation by unscrewing the gas pump platform (2 pumps on the platform) and gluing it to the side of the base-floor of the entire garage ... problem solved, but now it's a bit of an odd lay-out of course. My second issue is with the elevator. It's a fun \\"crank\\" elevator (and makes a great noise when turned), but because the platform is flat, the cars roll out of it with just one crank. To keep the car on the platform while the elevator is going up or down, I put a thin strip of glue along the back of the elevator floor, so the car stays put and it's still easy to \\"drive out\\" of the elevator.  I also glued down the 2 ramps (as other reviewers had suggested). As far as other cars fitting (aka, Matchbox cars), some do, but only if they are very small. The wooden \\"Plan\\" toy cars work much better with this garage.  All in all, it's a decent garage, but for the price, I would not have expected the above issues.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The phenomenon that is Susan Boyle continues with her debut album and does not disappoint.  Anticipated since that night on `Britain Got Talent' when she `rocked that audience', Susan finally fully escapes with a well deserved piece of work.  The song collection contains a range from classic pop to anthemic show tunes.<br /><br />The strongest songs are, \\"Wild Horses\\", \\"Cry Me A River\\" and, of course, \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\".  \\"Wild Horses\\" takes a daring approach using a Rolling Stones classic and turns it into a heartfelt ballad.  \\"Cry Me A River\\" brings out a surprisingly sultry Susan Boyle, completely devoid of her hip wiggling from her television debut.<br /><br />There are a few songs that slightly wobble under heavy strings and backing vocals like, \\"Amazing Grace\\" and \\"How Great They Art\\", but still showcase Miss Boyle's vocals.  \\"Daydream Believer\\" and \\"The End Of The World\\", both previous pop hits have a nice touch that show a sensitive touch with a unique interpretation, but seem a tad out of place.  Otherwise, this collection will satisfy any casual fan.<br /><br />There is arguably little doubt that grand anthemic pieces like, \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" and  \\"Who I Was Born To Be\\" are Miss Boyle's foray.  Her voice only sounds stronger and more emotional when backed by a strong orchestra.  \\"Memories\\" from `Cats' would be a fantastic offering and an example of her grandest range.  The only thing missing from this album is the audience reaction from her \\"I Dreamed A Dream\\" appearance on television.  The rising approval of the audience roaring as she reaching the climax of each verse was spine-tingling.  It was real.  It was Susan Boyle.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I'm in my sixties and have well over 3,000 titles in my collection.  Avatar instantly became my lifetime favorite and I consider it to be the 'perfect' movie.    The plot is an update of the treatment of Native Americans by the white man.  The Na'vi are very similar to our Western Plains Indians in several ways; culture, love of the land, horsemanship, connection to their environment, etc.  The humans use any lame excuse to run them off, steal their land, destroy their environment and kill them, all for the land and what's in it.    The film could have stood on special effects alone but choose to have a deep heart wrenching tale of a peoples' survival.    About those special effects.  WOW!  Wow to infinity.  It's like an entire generation of CGI was skipped.  But beyond that, the art of the effects set a new standard that I honestly feel will never be surpassed.  It was beautiful past all possible description... so I won't try.  Suffice it to say, it brought tears to my eyes and took my breath away (and that ain't easy).    MOST IMPORTANTLY, you MUST see this, at least once, in Imax 3D.  You 'become one with the force'... no, wrong flick... you slip into the world of the film... a world you may not wish to leave.    I can understand the so called Avatar Depression Syndrome that has been discussed.  It is said that people become depressed because they can't remain part of the Na'vi world.  I can see that, but I also see a source of depression in the totally believably commentary on the selfishness, greed and self righteousness of humankind.  It demonstrates that even after we rape and destroy our own world we are likely to do it again to someone else's world.    I never, ever have commented on the reviews of others, but anyone who pans this masterpiece is an idiot.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I don't need to get into any technical specifics. If you love gaming and can open your eyes to the fact that these have hardly been in stock since their release it would be an easy choice. I had the wired set and loved them. The surround sound is unreal and worth every penny.
0385523904|5.0|I'll admit to approaching this book with a tincture of trepidation. It's not that I feared it wouldn't be a good book: it's that the subject, ordinary life in one of the most repressive societies to ever appear in history, strikes one, at first glance, as rather depressing. Yet once I started reading I was drawn into the stories of six \\"ordinary\\" North Koreans, trying to survive under conditions of severe social and political tyranny, economic destitution, and starvation . North Korea is an example of what can happen when hatred of privilege is used to create a worse kind of privilege--in the case of North Korea, of a privilege built up around one of the most jejune and appalling personality cults ever to see the light of day. Under the pretext of creating a \\"just\\" social order free of inequalities and social injustice, Kim Il-sung and his successor, Kim Jong-il have brough about a social order so repressive that they have destroyed all but the most rudimentary self-initiative and individuality. More than any other nation in history, North Korea comes closest to bringing George Orwell's nightmare, so vividly described in the novel \\"1984,\\" to life. Barbara Demick's account of life in this prison-state is as chilling as it is well documented. Demick interviewed approxtimately 100 North Korean defectors and reviewed hours of video footage secretly taken in North Korea in order to fact check the oral histories provided by the six main characters whose stories are told in her book. Demick's narrative skills are superb: the book almost reads like a novel. I found it thoroughly absorbing. Those of us in the West, consumed by our petty anxieties, can hardly imagine the horrors these people have gone through in the last two decades, thanks to the false ideals of communism and the Kim Il-sung personality cult. This is a book every American should read. It will give one a more realistic and just perspective of the shortcomings in our own society, which seem utterly trivial compared to those which every North Korean must confront on a daily basis.
B001CDLAT4|5.0|I had watched this DVD before, but not in the special two-disc edition. It was beautiful and the picture quality was great!
6302913055|5.0|Bagdad Cafe is a \\"feel good\\" movie! No matter how lousey you felt when you put it in the vcr or dvd player, you'll be smiling before to long.  It's a movie about embracing our similarities and finding community among each other, and that feels really good.
B000096I9G|5.0|Robert Smith's brief interview in the bonus materials, oddly, gave me one of the most memorable moments from this show. Paraphrasing as best I can: \\"We loved the coldness of Berlin for these two concerts. I love a city like Barcelona, too, maybe if we do a show like this with the Kiss Me record,\\" he says. \\"But these albums have some very cold songs on them, and they made us feel like a young band again. I mean, with this set list, we open with a fast, angry song, and that's something young bands do.\\"<br /><br />People love these records, of course, and it's easy to imagine The Cure responding to suggestions to play these shows...but I was curious why they would. Once you see the songs all laid end to end, played so intensely and deftly, though, it makes more than perfect sense. It's emotionally exhausting hearing all these tunes together in the familiar order from listening to the records. The stage production is beautiful, and the sound is great, but they definitely make an effort to keep you focused on the music they're playing. Nothing overly distracts from that, and the playing is really solid. They never take any big improvisational leaps, but the songs feel fresh and energetic throughout.<br /><br />Most dramatic of all is probably the title track from Pornography. In the half dozen or so times I have watched the show, that's been the most arresting tune most often. Capturing so much of the complexity of angst and alienation in an instrumental is such a great moment in their catalog, anyway, but they play it so fiercely that it draws you in, while simultaneously reminding you of phase after phase of mood after mood that you just wish you could shake. But you know there's so much honesty and validity in the art of the tune, even though the vibe keeps telling you to stay away, that you don't want any part of what it feels like is happening. People make fun of the love/hate relationship some people seem to have with their own emotions, but it's hard to imagine those few minutes of Pornography not feeling like a universal experience to anyone who happens to come across them.<br /><br />Even 20. 25 years later, this show still has the same effect on me that those early Cure records did--you finish listening to it, and you feel all wrung out and compelled to get up and do something, but you can't figure out what you're in the mood to go do. Maybe that's the power of good music, or good art of any kind--leaves you feeling raw and all jacked up, but you can't always tell why.of Pornography not feeling like a universal experience to anyone who happens to come across them.     Even 20. 25 years later, this show still has the same effect on me that those early Cure records did--you finish listening to it, and you feel all wrung out and compelled to get up and do something, but you can't figure out what you're in the mood to go do. Maybe that's the power of good music, or good art of any kind--leaves you feeling raw and all jacked up, but you can't always tell why.
0316044695|3.0|Adds to the library of current events in Afghanistan, the story that unfolds exposes many of the failings of our attempt to successfully resolve the conflict.  First and foremost the team demonstrates a serious lack of judgement and decision making skills, but they equally demonstrate an ability to engage in and execute a running battle while being vastly outnumbered.  Their incredible ability to stay in the fight while being hit, and exacting heavy casualties is reflective of their high level training and dedication to their team.  I am thankful for and respectful of these young men, and their dedication to our country, we owe them more in training than they were apparently given.  This story is a microcosm for the larger military efforts in Afghanistan, poor judgement and decision making followed by incredible acts of courage and soldiering.  Here we have 4 elite ghost warriors inserted into enemy territory, and they get overrun by a herd of goats and three goat herds. Unbelievably, they contemplate killing the non-combatants, and even put it to a vote.  Happily they do not kill the civilians, but inexplicably they continue their mission unabated.  The battle itself is heart wrenching, the tale of death and survival beyond comprehension.  More amazing is the cultural mores that result in a village taking in LPO Luttrell and protecting him from the enemy forces whom he and his team had just killed nearly 100.  They nurse him, feed him, hide him, and ultimately defy face to face the small army who want him dead.  What we can learn from this book is that America can absolutely fight in Afghanistan, but we have not demonstrated we can win.  We have not demonstrated we have the leadership at any level to achieve our dual goals of carving out the cancerous tumours of the jihadist leadership who have been able to perpetuate an anti-western world war, or create a more stable, peaceful, prosperous environment for the people of that part of the world that would lead to a successful partnership of our two countries.  Many more of our young men and their young men will die, and sadly so.
B000FVQM2Y|1.0|This is the worst movie I've seen in a long time, I couldn't even watch half of it.  It's suppose to be about high school students, but they don't even act or talk like teenagers. \\"I've got knives in my eyes, I'm going home sick\\". who the hell talks like that? I'm sure there is a rare weirdo who would likes this type of foo-foo crap, but not me.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|After all the reviews both here and other places I decided to purchase this CPU cooler.  I've only had it installed for a couple of days, but based on the motherboard monitoring it's doing a pretty good job, so no complaints there.  The instructions for the install were a bit criptic, but having installed other coolers I was able to figure it out; otherwise, it might have been a difficult install.  My only real complaint is the size.  I purchased a Cooler Master Cosmos S ATX Full Tower Case Black- (RC-1100-KKN1-GP) thinking, hey, they make the case and the cooler, they must fit together.  Not.  The cooler hits the side panel case fan and prevents the side panel from closing (the cooler is about 1/2 inch to high).  Good news is you can remove the fan and the panel will fit.  You cannot flip the position of the fan on the panel either, then the fan hits the side of the front bays.  FYI, the case is 10.47 inches wide.  Regardless, I am happy with this cooler and would recommend it to anyone, just make sure you have the space.
B002BFIN6K|5.0|After watching  Joshua Bell on PBC-TV's \\"Great Performances\\"\\" perform the Grieg Duet using the Zenph technology with Rachmaninoff performing on the piano , I ordered the cd that night from Amazon.  I am so delighted I did so - the recording is wonderful - thanks to PBS and thank you, Zenph !!
0143116177|3.0|Professor Ferguson has written a thoughtful book, guiding the general public through the history of the financial world.  The most interesting part is the first half where he takes us through the development of the financial instruments, such as currency, bonds, stocks, and corporations which are so common place today. We meet the entrepreneurs of the middle ages and colonial times, who developed the mechanisms to finance the exploration of the world, enabling the establishment of new industries in the Americas and Asia. Equally important is how these events of centuries ago established London as a financial nexus and the British empire as the greatest in the world.  The story is not all good, these days were rife with gun-boat diplomacy, brutal colonialization, slavery, and narco-economics.    In the second part of the The Ascent of Money, Ferguson shifts gears into the modern era.  He trods a lot of worn-out ground as he moves into the LTCM bail-out, George Soros' battles with central banks, the US S&L restructuring, micro-finance, the stock market collapses of the 20th and 21st centuries, and fiascos of the investment banks leading to the demise of Barings and others. His analysis of the LTCM is important as he shows their fundamental flaw in not considering enough financial history to really calculate the risks inherent in their leveraged positions. Ferguson wrote this in April 2008 so he does not have the history of the recent finacial debacle to consider but he is prescient in seeing things were already rotten.    The final section deals with his concerns about the current relationship between the US and the PRC. Clearly the trend of Chinese savers loaning massive sums to US consumers, property owners, and governments is not healthy. Unfortunately the situation is only getting worse as the US government embarks on new stimulus programs, funded by the Chinese. Ferguson suggests that we are entering a deflationary bubble (similar to the Japanese experience of the 1990's) that could continue for another decade.
B001CD6FKI|3.0|This movies crosses live action with animation<br />and not always very successfully.<br />I liked the original animated series.<br />I thought the acting was pretty good<br />in the futuristic racing (at 700 Km/hour or 440 miles/ hour said by one of the actors).<br />At that speed the action needs to be slowed down<br />for you to see it.<br />I enjoyed the film, I just thought it could have been done better<br />in the animation blends.
B000M341QE|4.0|Item was purchased after the identical DVD was purchased from a different seller.  The first DVD never arrived.  Seller #2 (this seller) provided very speedy shipment via USPS and I had it w/i 3-4 days.  I've not yet played the DVD, but it looks good with what I would call a few minor scratches.  I would call it a good-very good copy.
0307266303|5.0|\\"I HATE RUNNING\\" is all I used to say until I picked up this book.  My entire view on running and health has changed.  I can't recommend it enough.  PLEASE READ this is not a book about running it is a book about life Habits and Health.
0307588335|5.0|Gave to my favorite people this year to enjoy as I did!  Highly recommended!!
B001HRJG2S|5.0|I got this as a Christmas present for my sister and we have enjoyed listening to it a lot since its arrival.  It's a great buy.
B00278U1W0|3.0|Winwood is one of my favorite musicians. I treasure all of the old Traffic music. And I've always liked Clapton. I thought the performances on the BluRay were very good. But the audio was inexcusably bad on the default track. And there's no indication that there is any track other than the stereo track. It turns out that there is a DTS track which is much better, though not great.  Compression is useful for broadcast radio these days, since so many people listen to music while driving, it's the only way the quiet passages in music can be heard while driving an automobile. But to compress the audio track of a BluRay disc is ludicrous. My forty year old vinyl LPs have more dynamic range than this BluRay disc has on the stereo track. It's truly pathetic. The BluRay disc should default to the DTS track. Shame on the producers for making such a basic error.
B000MV9026|5.0|Movie was in like new condition and I received faster then expected - needed it for a gift and having purchased it the weekend prior to Christmas was surprised to see it in the mailbox the day before Christmas.
B001E2JNA6|3.0|Great show by BBC. I was addicted to this on TV and then jumped at the chance to buy it on DVD.  Luckly for me, Australia got the full 327 minute version. Unfortunatey we have the US Blu-ray edition which is only 300 minutes. If you're a big fan, buy the UK edtion from amazon.co.uk for the lost 27 minutes.
0805091742|5.0|I looked over the other reviews of this interesting book, and there are many of them that you will find very useful--so I'll just try to list some highlights.  As Dr. Gawande points out, a checklist can't be too long (people won't use it), yet it must succinctly cover the most essential considerations of the situation at hand.  Although what follows isn't a checklist, I'll try to focus on the most essential characteristics of Dr. Gawande's book:    First, this is an easy-to-read, engaging book.  I'll bet that you will find it hard to put down.  It is interesting enough to make you want to read the book and serious enough to deliver important messages.    Second, the value of using checklists springs directly from the complexity of modern life, whether we're talking about surgery (the author is a surgeon), flying an airplane or building a skyscraper.  By the way, in reading this book I have developed a newfound appreciation of how complex the construction business can be.    Third, checklists are not just for simple, straightforward tasks.  Checklists help people communicate and work together better, especially when the unexpected occurs.    Fourth, checklists are important regardless of the time available.  Indeed, when the cockpit crew of US Airways flight 1549 lost both engines over New York City, they had only three minutes of airtime remaining.  The first thing they did was to get out their checklists.  (You can read Captain Sully Sullenberger's excellent book for more details.)    Fifth, checklist usage has saved numerous lives, including one of Dr. Gawande's patients.  His candor in discussing that episode is laudable.    Sixth, humans being human, mistakes will inevitably occur.  Checklist usage is important when the potential cost of human mistakes is great.    Seventh, the mere act of creating a checklist focuses the mind on the most important characteristics of our tasks.    Eighth, like anything else, it takes practice to produce and use checklists effectively.    Ninth, practice comes from commitment and personal discipline.  Indeed, one of the most important things Sully Sullenberger did was to maintain his composure and discipline, even while the gravity of his situation must have been racing through his mind.    Tenth, as I read this book, my mind frequently reflected on how a checklist approach could be applied in some of the business and academic practices that I am familiar with.  That's the real beauty of this book--it gets the reader thinking about ways to improve life.
B002GJU0XU|4.0|I recommend this book, mostly because it is written through the eyes of skeptics and knowledgeable scientists. After all, most people who counter the accounts of the paranormal (of any shape or form) are most often either extremely religious or scientists. So to have scientists actually spend time, resources and money researching this from their angle is refreshing and important. There is a lot to read, learn and think on in this book. While it's not on the same readership level as Deepak Chopra (his books demand so much time and thought) it is still an otherwise involved book.     The only negative (if it can be considered so) that I have to say about this book, is that by the middle of it I found myself skipping pages. Because they are scientists, they focused a lot of time on the process of acquiring, verifying, comparing, and analyzing information. While this is helpful in establishing credibility, and defending their conclusions on this topic - it did make the book dull. However, I am still glad they did so, because many of my questions were answered, or at least mentioned for after thought (ex: Alzheimer disease and reincarnation).     Still, I highly recommend this book, and I'm glad that the team continues to work on this subject (now with better technology).
B002JVWQSW|5.0|I never have before bought or even wanted to buy a DVD series of a television show, but this show is so funny and each week, I can't wait to see what's in store for the next upcoming episode.  Season 1 is not even through it's airing at this time, but each weekly episode is strong and not one has never left me not laughing into hysterics.  What a great cast!  I'm so glad ABC signed on for a 2nd season.  I've been saving each show on my TiVo (and how long can that last before you need to free up space)and later just love to playback an episode to watch...I'm always guaranteed a good laugh, no matter how many times watched.  When this becomes a DVD set, I'm going to be one of the first in line to purchase it!  I can't wait for its release!
B000WCDI5K|5.0|B-Side compilation albums can be scary. You initial thought has to be \\"well if these songs were that good, they would have made it on the proper albums\\".  That has always been my thought process anyway, so I usually pass on b-side albums.  However, being a huge Killers fan, I had to at least give \\"Sawdust\\" a chance.      The origins of the songs on \\"Sawdust\\" are all over.  You have \\"Hot Fuss\\" bonus tracks: Under the Gun, Show You How, Glamorous Indie Rock and Roll, Who Let You Go?, and The Ballad of Michael Valentine.  You've got some covers: Romeo and Juliet (Dire Straits), Ruby, Don't Take Your Love to Town (The Gambler himself Kenny Rogers) and Shawdowplay (Joy Division, heroes of the Killers). Then there is \\"Sam's Town\\" bonus tracks: All The Pretty Faces, Where the White Boys Dance, Move Away, and Daddy's Eyes.  The Killers did add some new material: Tranquilize, Leave the Bourbon on the Shelf, and Sweet Talk.  Last but not least you get alternate versions of Sam's Town(song) and Mr. Brightside.    Alot has been made of the motivation to release this album, considering that at the point of release The Killers had only 2 proper albums.  I think this is actually a greater indicator of their work ethic than their greed.  The Killers have said that they wanted their fans to have an easy way to acquire the bonus tracks of the first two albums without having to rebuy an album that a fan would have already owned.  It could be a sales pitch, but I do appreciate it.  I hate that bands almost punish the fans that buy the album first and then 6 months later they re-release the same album with 5 new songs on it.      With all of this being said, this album is really intending for fans of The Killers.  If you are not a fan, I would not suggest you buy this album..... first.  You should buy the other albums, became a fan, and then buy \\"Sawdust\\".  After listening to this album for almost 2 years now, I consider it a \\"proper\\" album.  These songs are part of The Killers.  If youconsider yourself a fan then you should own this.  I will caution you that this album will take several listens to really sink in.  But if you give it a chance you will find some diamonds in the rough.
B00269FOHM|5.0|After looking for this movie for quite a while, I was thrilled to find it and pleased with how quickly it arrived.
0307454541|2.0|There was a point midway through this book that caught my interest - enough to have made the long tedious set-up seem like it would pay off after all. A couple of intelligent characters were developing an interesting relationship, and working together to solve a somewhat intriguing disappearance mystery. But that high point didn't last long, as the author flung the plot into predictable cinematic attempts on the hero's life, nick-of-time rescues by the plucky heroine, heinous sexual predatory perverted villains, and ridiculous identity changing, slick comeupance to the hero's nemesis by same plucky heroine. It was all too much of not very well done story telling. Throughout the book, I kept thinking that I was reading what's known in fan fiction as a Mary Sue story, where Mikael Blomkvist was the author's Mary Sue - ever so likeable, smart, ethical, noble, sensitive, and above all, sexually irresistable to women of all ages. Lots of words, perhaps entertaining to some, but certainly not very good literature.
B0007PLLQ0|1.0|I was sadly disappointed to find out that the only version included in this DVD is the Director's Cut.  There is no option to even try to watch the theatrical release.  The problem here is that the theatrical release that we have all come to know and love was very different from the original cut from Ridley Scott.  For example, the theatrical release had a score created by Tangerine Dream which I thought was perfect.  Also, there are many instances where the dialog is different in such a way that it changes the whole feel and flow of the film.  The director's cut uses the score by Jerry Goldsmith, but apparently Goldsmith and Ridley Scott had some sort of falling out and Goldsmith's music was never used.  Some might say the Goldsmith's score is better, but I disagree.  I cannot stand the Director's Cut and nowhere does this product inform you that this unusual version is all you will get.  The back of the DVD case does mention that it \\"includes\\" the Director's Cut, but I didn't know when I bought the thing that its not talking about bonus features, but rather what you are limited to.
B00003CXCQ|1.0|The disk I received from Neomark through Amazon is faulty.  It won't play on my Blu-Ray machine.  It won't play on my computer.  I'd never had a new disk that wouldn't play so I complained to Amazon.  Amazon sent my complaint to Neomark.  I didn't hear from the company.  A few weeks later I again complained to Amazon.  Again Amazon referred my complaint to Neomark.  Again no response.  So I complained again to Amazon.  Amazon essentially stated that the problem is not theirs but is between me and Neomark.  Obviously, I am disappointed with Amazon for not backing up a product sold through its website.  As for Neomark, if the company even exists on planet Earth, I will never again buy another product from them.  So I'm stuck with a bad disk that I have no choice but to trash.  Now, I will always avoid buying products from outside sellers through Amazon.  I could get burned again anytime.  I suggest you consider my advice and do the same, especially with Neomark also known as Blackmark.
0143038419|5.0|Although the author is definitely someone I would not hang out with, I found the book to be very well written and informative.  Don't confuse the message with the messenger.  When I ignored Ms. Gilbert's personal escapades, I learned many new things about Italy, India and Bali.   I will never have the desire to meditate, but the book helped me better understand those who do.  One unanswered question: With all of the author's well-to-do friends, why were they only able to raise $18,000 for the house?
B002GY9F9K|3.0|This DVD has too many ads/reviews at the beginning.  It's hard to skip over them.  The actual DVD is good and what I wanted.  Why should I have to pay for all those ads??????
B002QEXN2K|5.0|It was not what I expected from John Mayer but all in all I love it. He delivers  what he does best.
B0030MM68O|1.0|Could have been a 3rd grade cable network show.  The movie brought no value to me.  I was not taken anywhere and I did not feel anything.  Some suspense, modern war movie cliches (e.g. the bumbling hick) and the awesome insight that war is gruesome and terrifying.  There are so many other engrossing war movies which renders this one a joke.
0385532458|5.0|Grisham is the best story teller there is, and he comes out swinging with this book. Some stories are better than others, but all seven stories are very entertaining. The first story is especially hilarious and the last story is touching. All of them will keep you interested and there's enough here to make this worth the purchase. This book was very well done and I highly recommend this.
0393316041|5.0|A good friend loaned me this and I enjoyed it so much I bought one for my father at Christmas.  He loved it as much as I did.  It is more than an autobiography of a truly stunning intellect.  Mr Feynman's curiosity is contagious and has caused me to open my eyes and question why things are the way they are.  The stories are hilarious.  I hope you enjoy it too.
B000002P72|5.0|This is a truly fantastic live album! A lot of artists just can't cut it live, but BB King is truly in his element when he's in front of an audience. There are other live BB tracks out there, but this is definitely the one to have. He does a lot of his most popular tracks, and he does them very well. Nothing much else to say really!
B0030GJ50C|4.0|We rented this film. We love scifi and thought this was a great movie. It has an unusual twist to it and if you can sit back, relax and not analyze it too much you will enjoy it. It's a little slow in the beginning and the main character is a bit annoying but, it was still a good movie.    The special effects were pretty good - 4 out of 5  The plot was great - 4 out of 5  The Ending was great - 4 out of 5  The Acting/Cast was good - 3 out of 5    Worth the rental.
B002RHGYOA|1.0|Perhaps someone can explain how a Kindle edition costs $11.99 yet a paper edition costs only $8 at the moment.<br /><br />Even worse, with the Kindle edition you are locked into a DRM straight-jacket where you can't lend it to anyone, yet with paper book I can lend or even resell if I choose.<br /><br />There is something seriously wrong with a system where a paper book costs even less than an electronic book and it is no suprise that people have already worked out how to break the DRM on Kindle books.<br /><br />I think it comes down to a single word.  Greed.
0783114222|5.0|This was sent to my son for a christmas gift. He called and told me it came in excellant condition and was received promptly. He has enjoyed it very much.
B000ETQR3Q|5.0|This is mark's son. This gun is great! My favorite nerf gun. I got it at wallmart, but when I got it the front gun didn't work :( The main gun jammed alot at first, but over time it stopped jamming! now it's 3 years old and it works better then it did when I got it (because of the jamming problem). Great for a nerf war. The bypod is ok. Didn't get much use out of it. The scope barely magnifies. you'd be better with out the scope. The clip holder works great. Very heplfull in a war. This is a great gun I would recomend it to any one who likes nerf.
0553328255|4.0|When I ordered this two-book combo, I had already read a copy of the first volume. This set was actually bought in order to replace it after a \\"water-damage incident.\\" I also wanted to read the second volume, to find out what the rest of the story was. With this set, you might as well have both books. But if you don't, I prefer the first over the second.<br />I'll just state that part, if not most, of the second half could have been left unwritten. As one of the short stories says, Sherlock himself would write 'dry', actionless accounts, and this seems to have happened in \\"The Memoirs Of Sherlock Holmes.\\" This is somewhat remedied in a m\\"made for T.V.\\" series- starring Jeremy Brett- which makes any storyline changes seem light-handed.
B000FA5TTW|4.0|The \\"heaven\\" that greets Susie does not appear to be the Heaven that is described in the Bible, but the story is very well written, even if heart-wrenching.  The family falls apart after her murder, which is totally understandable.  However, in the end, everyone becomes a whole person, and the murderer gets what he deserves.  I saw the movie today - the book is MUCH better than the movie.
B000DZ6VAK|5.0|I have little to add to previous reviews.  Uchida's performances are precise but lyrical and wonderfully quirky.  Her technique is flawless, her tone gorgeous (and at times jewel-like, in a good way), and her touch and dynamics exquisite.  Where she takes liberties with the tempi, this is to me exhilarating rather than irritating.  It certainly does not break the magnificent spell of these works; it seems to sustain and enhance it.  The English Chamber Orchestra is fantastic.  I do not agree with a previous reviewer that Jeffrey Tate's conducting is workmanlike and pedestrian.  While at times somewhat stiff, in the end it is paradoxically more of an asset than a liability.  Tate unifies the orchestra beautifully and it generally sings with a single voice without obscuring individual moments of instrumental emphasis or solo.  This, in a concerto, seems completely right.  While Tate seems to follow Uchida's lead carefully, neither the piano nor the orchestra eclipses the other.  In my estimation, this is a product of Tate's \\"pedestrian\\" restraint.  When Uchida plays with stunning pianissimo, we hear every note.       Recorded sound is excellent, and, taken as a whole, each performance equals or exceeds others I have heard of individual works, although my experience with many of them is admittedly limited.      Highly recommended.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I  have loved Michael since seeing him on MTV and listening to my parents 70's recrds and 80's thriller, was the thing that set me off on the  jackson bandwagon. my  family and some friends may have harsh feelings about michael but, over all his music isnt involved in that, watching him dance and put his all into his shows is who he is.  if you ever see the live in bukerest tour of dangerous youll know what I mean.  Im 100% sure that this would have happened at this is it if the concerts happened. michael was/is a very influential talent in all forms. a true talent such as him is a perfectionist, not to bash heidi but, michael  would never fake sing no matter what. he pours his heart and soul in every porformance no matter if its practice or not. this is it shows you this. he shines on stage, and just draws you in... he was the man, who made the thing called the moonwalk  and  entertainers hold to a whole diffrent level. No one in history will ever be as good as Michael Jackson.       he was a man who was bred to perform. it was his life.  in interviews and even in home movies I saw on you tube, you can see michael is a performer, he sleeps, eats, drinks music,dancing,always full of energy.  as much bad press has polished his times later in life, this was it, shows us, that Michael will go down as a perfectionist, a loving friend, father and a outgoing person who when performing, becomes this amazing talent. just watching him, now will always make me shed a tear because  this is it is just that.. this is it, the final tme his fans will witness michael as a living, breathing human being who wanted to make his fans love him and for the world to know about the earth and that he shined a light in the room brighter then any star u see in the sky.. he was Michael Jackson, the man the myth the true music legend.
B002CVQAX6|4.0|I saw this film on tv and really liked it and wanted to see the WHOLE movie without the comercials lol.<br />It is a very good storyline i love movies like this.<br />If you like scary/thriller type movies, i highly suggest u buy it.
B002NALPCM|3.0|I downloaded Reservoir based on the song samples and these three [so far] 5-star reviews, with high hopes. I listened to it all the way through once, a few days ago. My first overall impression was that Fanfarlo makes some beautiful music, but there is a strong tendency for all the songs to blend together, as they are not significantly distinguishable from each other. I'm listening to it again as I type this, and it's not changing my mind. All the songs are really nice to listen to, but they would be much better dispersed throughout, say, iTunes shuffle. The singer has a really good voice (even if he does sound a bit like David Byrne) but unfortunately he doesn't remotely exploit it: it seems that he sings all the songs entirely within the same five-note range, although clearly those vocal cords are capable of much more. In sum, I think Fanfarlo can and will in future make some beautiful music but they need to learn how to mix it up in style, tempo, range and so forth. Adding vocal harmonies would be nice, but that's my own bias. Anyway, these lovely songs combine to make an unfortunately bland album. I'm not recommending against a purchase, but again I suggest playing it in shuffle. And here without the remotest connection may I recommend anything by the Well Wishers, 4 albums of brilliant power pop and sublime beauty.
B001LF2WCC|5.0|I love this movie on dvd, and it's AWESOME on BLURAY!!!   PS Gerard Butler is sooooooo amazing! Ladies you could watch this movie on mute and be just as happy!!! hahaha
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|Mr Bocelli recently (2009) appeared on the TV circuit over the holiday season promoting this CD. Those performances were, as is this CD, superb. Bocelli's voice is in the same league as the other great Italian tenors. Very enjoyable!
0141040343|5.0|Pride and Prejudice is my all-time favorite book, so I felt like it was time to replace my old, torn paperback. This hardback copy feels like it is a book to be both treasured and enjoyed. The cover is gorgeous, and the book comes with a built-in ribbon to mark your place (no more turning down corners!). I love this version of the book, and it is a must-have for anyone whose favorite novel is part of this series.
B000ZELISO|1.0|I have read a number of the reviews for Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.  I was looking in particular for comments about Maximum Movie Mode, which I cannot turn off on my Samsung BD-P2500 player.  So, I haven't actually been able to see most of the movie.  Why on earth would anyone want to watch a movie with dumb little pop-ups appearing every few minutes?  They completely destroy the flow of the movie.  Perhaps I will end up agreeing with the negative reviews (this was my favorite HP book and it sounds as though the movie is a big disappointment); but I would at least like to see it in order to decide for myself whether or not it is any good.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|keeps getting better each time I watch. . .  and I'm up to 4x  thanks!
006621131X|4.0|Once upon a time, \\"Rolling Stone\\" referred to Patti Smith as a female Keith Richards. In the process, the writer did a disservice to both. This book is an intimate, honest portrayal by the poet/singer Patti Smith of her life. The book is well written and moves along at a quick pace.<br /><br />At the outset, she described how she became pregnant and carried the child to term, at a time when being pregnant and not married brought considerable disapproval from others.  Shortly thereafter, she went to New York City and seems to have had little idea of what to do. In the process of finding a job, she met Robert  Mapplethorpe. They became lovers, living together, pursuing their dreams. Later, of course, Mapplethorpe became famous for his photographs and acknowledged being gay.<br /><br />The book shows the interlinking of Patti and Robert's life, including her visit to him as he neared death from AIDS.  It describes her appreciation of his talent--and he of hers (he was delighted when she finally got a Top Hit with \\"Because the Night\\"). She discusses her art, her meeting celebrated talents such as Allen Ginsberg, Johnny Winter, and Janis Joplin, her life style, and her evolution as a person.<br /><br />Because of the linkage with Mapplethorpe, one of the features I most enjoyed was the photos of Patti Smith by Mapplethorpe. The cover photo for her album \\"Horses\\" was taken by Mapplethorpe (page 251). On page 268, we see one of his last photos of Smith. These photos add a poignant element to the book.<br /><br />This is a nicely wrought autobiographical work by a talented artist.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I'm going to simplify things in my review. The cast and script has already recieved plenty of praise, so I'll spare you the repetition, because I agree with those two factors. I wasn't sure Heath Ledger would be able to surpass Jack Nicholson's Joker, but he was as good if not better-than Jack. Gary Oldman usually plays an archvillian-remember Air Force One?) but he's very good as James Gordon. Christopher Nolan directs superbly, and the pacing never slows down, Batman Begins was very well done as well, but this film even blows that clear out of the water.  Tim Burton did a good job with what he had to work with-but his version was just too silly, Joel Schumacher tried to make it too campy and serious at the same time, it didn't work.  Christoper/Jonathan Nolan and surprisingly David S. Goyer took the franchise and didn't do anything wrong, in my opinion.  Christian Bale has recieved some unfair judgments in my opinion as Batman, esp. with his voice, my attitude to that is he was trying to disguise it, lighten up!
0439023483|5.0|Enjoyed this book- interesting, yet scary, parallels to our day and our government.  Read the whole thing in 2 days- highly recommend it!
B002U6DVQM|5.0|One of my top five films of all time.  I won't speak much about the film itself, under the assumption most readers have already seen it.  You can be guaranteed a fantastic film if you haven't seen this yet.<br /><br />As far as the BD itself, the transfer is absolutely fantastic!  The DVD version itself already had a pretty pristine transfer, but of course with the BD upgrade the resolution and detail is so much better, and of course comes loaded with extras and an accompanying booklet that is actually quite thorough and should be considered an item in itself, and not just a supplement to the disc.<br /><br />I haven't watched them all, but the extras that are bundled with the film are plentiful and quite informative.  Often times with extras you feel as though it is just filler and fodder (let's be honest, it usually is) but at least Criterion makes a conscious effort to make it interesting.  I'd say the extras are worthwhile, and also an upgrade from the DVD version.<br /><br />The biggest difference I noticed from my first viewing is that the subtitles are slightly changed from the DVD version, and also theatrically.  There are probably lots of different translations, but it IS different from the DVD but not drastically.  The same point is made, but just using a different delivery.  Not sure how I feel about some of the changes, but I probably just got used to the previous translation.<br /><br />I'm not sure where some of these discrepancies or complaints are coming from that have surfaced recently, but my copy was packaged in the special made Criterion jewel cases, NOT the cardboard ones, and of course not the actual blue ones.  For a while, with some of the earlier releases, Criterion was releasing its BDs in cardboard slip case and digi-pack format which angered a lot of customers who spoke their voice and got them to upgrade to the now standard jewel cases.  A good move in my opinion, but now I'm stuck with Third Man and 400 Blows in cardboard.  Reportedly, you can send in the old cases to get upgraded to new ones, but it'll cost you 5 bucks each, so... I think I can live with it.you can send in the old cases to get upgraded to new ones, but it'll cost you 5 bucks each, so... I think I can live with it.
0670021652|2.0|I greatly anticipated the arrival of this book after my wonderful experience reading EPL. I couldn't imagine our \\"friend\\" Liz writing anything less absorbing and relatable than Eat, Pray, Love.  Unfortunately, except for a few passages about her and Felipe that had the same quality of Eat, Pray, Love, the book reads like a never ending rumination of a woman terrified of marriage and trying desperately to convince herself that she can actually endure entering a marriage again. I felt like I was reading a long, tedious, dissertation on marriage. It was not entertaining.  What I find odd is that she is admittedly in love with Felipe. The relationship and bond has already occurred. The loss or failure of any intimate relationship is painful whether one if married or not. So why the never ending, on and on resistance and analysis.  I certainly wish Liz and Felipe a happy life together and I wish in the future Liz would stick with what she does best which is writing about her own personal experiences in her own gifted voice that seems to resonate with so many.  I am still a Liz Gilbert fan and am sorry for this brief detour she has taken away from her true talent.
B002T9H2LK|4.0|If you are deciding to watch this movie based on the reviews, don't read the bad ones. Let me first tell you that if you are NOT a Quentin Tarantino fan, more-than-likely, you will not like this. Clearly, the bad reviews are written by those who are presumably NOT Tarantino fans! Understand, this is his movie and with that comes an added, yet, to-be-expected, twist, or a unique point of view! I, myself, am a fan and loved this movie. If you liked Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill, and so on...you will like this. Love it? Not sure of, that's for you to find out. It's very entertaining and puts an interesting view on WWII, and a very likely plot. This movie is definitely worth watching AND purchasing.
0307588335|5.0|This book, which I for one could not put down, tells the story of Lehman Brothers, a giant, world-renowned, world-class Wall Street investment bank with nearly 150 years of history, driven to bankruptcy in 2008 by a CEO and president both of whom are described by the author as almost inhumanly asinine and greedy.    When men in positions of power with those egregious qualities were faced with the never-before-seen profit margins during the real estate mortgage \\"free-for-all\\" it was like the fat kid in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. Lehman -- and a lot of other banks and investment houses -- went on a global spending binge the likes of which the world had never seen.    All the while, as the book details, the rating agencies of Standard and Poor's, Fitch, and Moody's were giving the now-known-to-have-been ridiculously risky, bundled sub-prime mortgages full AAA ratings, as if they were as safe as government bonds, as if the gross amount of leverage in the system was somehow sustainable infinitely into the future.    The author, a bond trader, was inside the walls of Lehman watching the unraveling first hand. He describes time and again as some of the brightest, most respected minds in all of Wall Street attempt in vain to warn upper management of the over-leveraging, that it MUST and WILL come collapsing down in an apocalyptic market crash.    But to no avail. Inside their ivory tower on the 31st floor, the boss and his right hand man can take only one course of action through it all: Spend! Spend! Spend!!! Until it's too late.     Congratulations on a well-told horror story, Mr. McDonald. And rest in peace, Lehman Brothers.
B001FB4VZS|4.0|I am a Smallville fan- big time! The overall quality is fine, but on occassion, I get that digital distortion. Overall like the series and look forward to season 9!!!    Dan
B00004RF9B|5.0|If you are a Science Fiction fan and have not yet seen Forbidden Planet, you have been leading a sheltered life. The film was one of the first Sci-Fi films to be shot in color. The special effects were phenomenal for their day and the storyline actually has some social value.     The film is enjoyable and a must add to your collection.  RR
B002Q9MZF6|5.0|[[ASIN:B002Q9MZF6 La Boheme: The Film]]  I saw the previous of this version online and I liked very much, that is why I bought this DVD, even thought I have the one by Mirella Freni and Gianni Raimondi.  The cast was very good, in particular Anna Netrebsko and Rolando Villazon. It is not only that they are very good singers they are also very good actors; when an opera is going to be watched in the theater the most important thing is the singing , but in movies or in DVD the facial expression and body language is more noticed , it is very important that the acting is convincing , both artists have these qualities and great chemistry, which is important in this particular opera, that is expressed by moments of happiness, of sadness and above all, love.   The director's use of white and black in the beginning of 1st and 4th acts, as well as when Rodolfo and Mimi were left alone in the last act were very effective.  The director also added details like the scene with the key and the time they spent together before going to the café. These details enrich the performance by giving possible explanations to the events in the story.  The scenery, sound and of course, the direction were very good.  I enjoyed also the features that come with the production in particular the way the movie was made.
0307588335|5.0|A truely heartfelt account of the fall of an investment giant. It is clear that the author loved Lehman Bros, it's history, his co-workers and the team spirit. This book is an example of passionate capitalism....... unfortunately Lawrence Macdonalds team of intelligent, \\"love their job\\" financial wizards, must go head to head with \\"survival of the fittest\\" Capitalist , Dick Fuld and his henchmen..    This book begs the questions... As Americans where do our loyalties lie.....  the almighty $.... or at home.. Interesting
B002OR18HQ|5.0|Great DVD for Fogerty fans! Noteworthy here he performs some older songs that have not been on his earlier DVD's! Also note it has 26 songs!!! What's also good is that some songs previously video'ed are performed better here! Drummer Kenny Aronoff plays more in-style with the songs than on previous DVD's. I enjoyed this DVD very much!!! You won't be disappointed!!!
0689865384|3.0|I have to say that I liked the premise of a world where no physical imperfection will hold you back in life, because every person receives an operation when they are sixteen to change them from an ugly to a pretty.  Even natural pretties, if they do exist, would not have an advantage over the former uglies who were surgically enhanced.  The book centers around the character of Tally, a fifteen year old girl living hundreds of years in the future, who has just lost a friend to New Pretty Town.  Her friend, Peris, turned sixteen three months before she, so he has been living a new life in New Pretty Town filling his life with social events, new friends, & has forgotten to write/see her once he had surgery.    When Tally sneaks into New Pretty Town to visit Peris, she is amazed by his beauty, but notices that his personality has changed.  He's no longer the friend who would pull pranks & make fun of new pretties for their mindless ways.  In fact, his whole opinion has changed about being pretty & even though he is still friends with Tally, he makes their relationship contingent upon her getting surgery.  I guess even in a world where you are told past early childhood that you're ugly, you would still be a little shocked as Tally was when Peris made his sentiments clear.  She had to be pretty to be his friend & he would see her after the operation.  Crazy!    Not to give much of the book away, but as we see from the first episode in New Pretty Town, Tally begins to realize, rather slowly, that there is more to being pretty than having your face & body changed.  Maybe all the science & biological reasoning behind becoming pretty is skewed, in hopes of  achieving a common goal outside of making everybody HOT!    The series starts off slowly, that's why I give it three stars, but it does pick up towards the end. I'll be reading the rest of the series as time/interest allows.
B002JCSWV6|5.0|This is not just a rugby movie as some reviewers tried to see it.  This is a movie about life, life in South Africa after apartheid was defeated. For someone like me, with white skin, who has followed events in South Africa since the 1970s, this movie is a masterpiece; it should be reserved a place in the annals of history and should be required viewing for people of all ages all over the planet.  I was not aware of this particular rugby event until I saw the movie 24 hours ago, I was truly moved by the humanity and wisdom portrayed in the person of Nelson Mandela and it confirmed my strong and long held belief that Nelson Mandela is one of the few living statesmen still with us in our troubled world, actually I can't think of anybody else who is alive today.  The world would be a better place if we had a few leaders like Mandela leading our nations.
0887307280|5.0|Valuable book for any entrepreneur, and, while it may not seem obvious at first, it is valuable for the business owner looking to sell their business.  I have been working with exiting business owners for 25 years and one of the key issues that I have seen is that businesses are too dependent on their owners, and the owners on their businesses.  You can't sell your business if it won't run without you.  Buyers know how to figure that out, by the way.<br /><br />I read it when I started my company 10 years ago, and have been recommending it to everyone since.  One of my favorite lessons for business owners (including me) is to work ON the business, not IN it.
0385751060|5.0|This book came just in time and was in very good condition.<br />The only bad thing was the snell of the paper, not a very pleasent smell. BUT if you want to buy this book I would highly recommend you all to buy it from here. It's an amazing book, just as good and effective as the movie.<br />I'm done reading the book if anyone is looking to get this book I'd be more than happy to give it away free.
0316017922|5.0|I enjoy Malcolm Gladwell's books because of his gift of storytelling.  They are interesting and thought provoking, but a little shy on what to do with what you are learning.<br /><br />His premise in this book I think is an important one in our celebrity worshipping culture - stars don't make it alone, they are frequently in the right place at the right time, although they do work very hard.<br /><br />So for anyone that is patting themselves on the back just a little too much, remember how you got there...
B000XUBFE2|5.0|This book made me laugh cry and feel the emotions of each charater. I would recomend this book to anyone. Just amazing. Enjoy!
B002AEB8P0|4.0|An Alexander Rybak CD titled \\"Fairytales\\" appeared in our house at about Christmas time. I asked my wife what it was and she said her mother had probably brought it over for our listening pleasure. Well, that figures. She had just returned from a trip to Russia and the disc is a big hit there. Alexander Ryback had recently won a big Eurovision event in Moscow and had achieved great popularity. Out of curiosity, I finally played the CD and have mixed feelings about it.<br /><br />The music mostly consists of vocals by Mr. Rybak who accompanies himself on the violin and is backed with a small orchestra consisting of strings, piano and drums. Some tracks have an accompanying vocal chorus. Unquestioningly he is a very talented musician. His music has a very European sound to it, and sometimes reminds me vaguely of gypsy music. At other times it vaguely reminds me of American Country music. Strange mixture. Perhaps I should add that all the vocals by Mr. Rybak are in English, and are easily understood. It's not a bad disc at all, but lies outside the range of music I generally listen to. The CD is very well done, but I don't particularly care for the music and it's doubtful I would play the disc a second time. Some people might well find the music beautiful. I could well understand, but I'm not one of those people.<br /><br />I'd say that \\"Roll with the Wind,\\" \\"Fairytale\\" and \\"Kiss and Tell' are the best tracks on the disc, or at least they come closest to my listening tastes. The music here has a good, strong beat and a good vigor to it. A bonus track, \\"500 Miles,\\" is also another good one. The rest of the album is a series of soft Barry Manilow-style ballads and I find the listening difficult to tedious. \\"Funny Little World\\" and \\"If You Were Gone\\" border on being sappy and some of the other tracks aren't far removed. \\"500 Miles\\" suggests an eye toward the American market. It would be my opinion that the music is not ready for the American market. It's a good start, but needs a lot of polish. At present, the disc is available only as an expensive import.<br /><br />Gary Petersonpolish. At present, the disc is available only as an expensive import.    Gary Peterson
8862930496|5.0|Dec. 27, 2010: Addition to review after almost a year.  This little calendar held together wonderfully after being in my pockets most of every day's waking hours.  I could have carried it another year without it falling apart.  However, I learned that it's not washer/dryer proof.  Well, duh, how could it be?  Fortunately it took until late December for me to finally leave it in my jeans during a wash and dry.  That completely destroyed it, but I salvaged the few pages I really needed.  I'm starting off a brand new year with a brand new Moleskine.  No complaints!    *****    I've needed this soft cover pocket calendar forever, finally realized that, and got one.    It's just the right size for my jeans pockets and for the pants I wear at work - pants with pockets on top of pockets for all the little gear I need during the day.      I've tried PDAs, note pads, sticky notes, palm-of-hand, and folded copier paper for the reminders and lists I make all day, but this has finally consolidated most of what I need into a soft, light booklet with a week-to-week calendar, room for notes opposite the date page, this year's and next year's full calendars on a page, measurement conversion charts, a light elastic placemarker fixed in the booklet ... and more ... all in a little package that's comfortable in my pocket all the time.  No batteries, either.      Ink and paper - still good tech.
B001NLKWLW|2.0|While this is supposedly the story of little Nell it was actually the story of Eliza for me.  The novel was well written and pulled me in from the opening page.  However, I found the whole thing to be depressing.  Rose and her mother are two of the most selfish and cruelist women in modern literature.  If you read to escape as I do I would recommend that you not read this one.
0385504225|2.0|I read the first two Robert Langdon novels and thought they were great.  I had no trouble getting buried in this book and loved it the whole way through but the ending left me thinking \\"is that it?\\"  Wasn't disappointed until the end.  I won't be recommending this book to many people.
1594488843|5.0|Pop Quiz:    If you want to encourage students to complete a project or assignment with creativity, innovation, and passion, what's the best tool to motivate them?    a. offer a high grade  b. threaten a low grade  c. make it a competition  d. offer a gift certificate to GameStop  e. chocolate covered iPod  f. none of the above    According to Daniel Pink's latest book Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us, the answer is f, as in fail. In fact, the evidence is overwhelming that all of the above carrots and sticks actually reduce performance and undermine motivation. When it comes to tasks that require problem solving or other right brain activities, people perform best when they are given autonomy over their tasks, opportunity for mastery in their field, and a sense that the task has a clear and meaningful purpose.    Those who have read Malcolm Gladwell's Outliers, Carol Dweck's Mindset, and Levitt and Dubner's Freakonomics will find much familiar, but Pink packages many of these ideas in a new, and even more useful form.    Read how I've applied this book to my classroom:  [...]
0767836286|4.0|Although the opening credits were so jarring that I was getting a headache, the movie itself was fast-paced and very well-acted.  The level of tension ratcheted up continually and I don't remember \\"coming up for air\\" until the end.  The ending was totally unexpected, but that's the sign of a good movie.  Bridges, Robbins and Cusack did a terrific job.  Given the subject matter, watching the movie fourteen years after it was filmed gave an interesting perspective.
B000MV9026|5.0|Great product, great shipping and awesome packing. The movie came in a day early so I had time to wrap it for christmas and the packing was small, but sturdy. No damage to the movie.
B002ZHKZD8|1.0|Universal decided to put flippers back on the market rather than pack in a DVD copy into a 2 disc case. Ooooh. Bad move. No more disc art, defective discs everywhere (rampant reports of Bourne Identity freezing for 15 seconds during a car chase are already surfacing). Universal executives, if you are watching....PLEASE STOP THE FLIPPERS. THEY WERE BAD IN DVD DAYS. THEY ARE BAD NOW. Pack in the DVD with the blu ray in the future, your end-of-year bonus check and family will thank you
0810982862|1.0|For such a big movie,you would think that the book would be a least 3 inchs thick,it'more like half an inch thick.there are no pictures of the big \\"vtol assault\\" ship,next to nothing on the \\"AP\\" suits,and where are all the concept drawings for everything else in the movie,i have purchased far better books of this type so i know what i am talking about, take a look at any of the \\"star wars\\" books and will see just how cheap this book realy is.cameron can spend \\"400\\" million on this crappy movie,but go's ultra cheap on this this book.
B002ZHKZCO|1.0|Universal decided to put flippers back on the market rather than pack in a DVD copy into a 2 disc case. Ooooh. Bad move. No more disc art, defective discs everywhere (rampant reports of Bourne Identity freezing for 15 seconds during a car chase are already surfacing). Universal executives, if you are watching....PLEASE STOP THE FLIPPERS. THEY WERE BAD IN DVD DAYS. THEY ARE BAD NOW. Pack in the DVD with the blu ray in the future, your end-of-year bonus check and family will thank you
143911000X|5.0|Gave this to my son for Christmas. We were reading out loud many of the articles,everyone thought they were hilarious
B002ZHKZCY|1.0|Universal decided to put flippers back on the market rather than pack in a DVD copy into a 2 disc case.  Ooooh.  Bad move.  No more disc art, defective discs everywhere (rampant reports of Bourne Identity freezing for 15 seconds during a car chase are already surfacing).  Universal executives, if you are watching....PLEASE STOP THE FLIPPERS.  THEY WERE BAD IN DVD DAYS.  THEY ARE BAD NOW.  Pack in the DVD with the blu ray in the future, your end-of-year bonus check and family will thank you.
B000A2W1X2|2.0|Beautiful atmosphere, music and acting.  Overall a very gothic feeling akin to Jane Eyre.  Man has wife in coma.  Man wants heir.  Hires a strange woman for 3 nights; impregnates her.  They agree for a price to never meet again and for her to send the baby to him.  She keeps the bargain for 7 years, then tracks them down, and stays in his house with the daughter and his comatose wife.  They resume their intimate relations.  Husband kills wife.  They lament what he did but say it was worth it, and fall into each others' arms.  Daughter discovers her real mom and tells mom she's glad she was sold for a high price vs. a low one--mom and daughter joyfully unite and all 3 ride off into the sunset.  I gave this 2 stars because it was very predictable, and after several hearts were broken and one person killed in order for them to get together, I  could take no joy in their romance.  As for happily ever after?  I doubt a happy marriage can be built on such an evil foundation.  If you seek a fairy-tale romance, skip this one!!  Left a bad taste in my mouth. : (
B002N15LFS|4.0|Once again, they did it!!! (Andrew Stockdale with his new band members) they could comprise a bunch of vintage rocker-hard riff songs together with some soft old school melodic rock songs to create this second long play \\"COSMIC EGG\\".....my favorourite is still their homonimous debut album, but: MAN THEY CAN ROCK HARD!!!  So if you consider yourself a HEADBANGER and like mostly ROCK-CLASSIC ROCK and like to increase a huge collection of rock albums, i widely recommend you to get your copy of COSMIC EGG in whatever format you want it, but GET IT and blow your mind out!!! .....ENJOY RIDING YOUR CAR FAST (WITHOUT BEIGN CAUGHT) WHILE LISTEN TO THIS ALBUM! GIVES YOU THE CHILLS!!!
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Most science fiction films over the last 10 years seem to be intended for kids under 12 or those with IQs under 80. But this one  is an exception. On top of tying up loose ends from the Firefly series, it`s a very good stand alone film. And it`s not just  flash/bang special effects like most of the gunk put out by hollyweird over the last decade+. It has a good story and a decent  plot. Sure it get a bit goofy in spots, but all in all it`s a very good film. Makes you think there might be some remote hope  for hollyweird yet.
B000EXZHYM|5.0|MAN!! if you really like old school rock n roll, with classy hard guitars riffs and great drum beats that makes you think you are back in 1970-1978 ....so this is a MUST HAVE album!!! i just get to see the album cover at my local retail store and i just couldn't get my eyes off of it, it is so provocative and intended to make you want to listen to it, so that is what i did, i just bought it and i don't regret it!!! even though media is saying wolfmother is: \\"the new led zeppelin/black sabbath/deep purple fusion\\"....it is totally ORIGINAL NEW MUSIC of their own style, but yes indeed, i gotta tell you: this album has that vintage style that is classic and inherent in the recognized 70's band as i mentioned.... I GIVE IT A+++++
B0024FAR5M|5.0|What's not to love about this series.  Definitely not for the faint of heart, with profane language, sexual situations and violence.  It's a soap opera unlike any other soap opera.  A biker club with its own code sells guns, steals gasoline, but won't sell drugs. Charlie Hunnam has one sexy body, Ron Perlman at his malevolent yet sensitive best, Katey Sagal as a tough as nails mom..
B00168OIOE|5.0|I got this on sale the week after Black Friday for $10 - a superb deal for Blu-ray.  This is truly a classic for kids and adults alike.  I am a big fan of Pixar's works, and this Blu-ray version is even better than when I first saw it in theaters.
0393061310|4.0|This book was recommended by a friend when I recommended Emergence: The Connected Lives of Ants, Brains, Cities, and Software. I can see why he suggested this book- it was very interesting and did present a historical, sociological and economic perspective to emergence. Meg Wheatley would be proud. Diamond does a great job of walking through the complex set of variables- including guns, germs, and steel- that led to larger masses of people to emerge and proposes a number of possible reasons why the Native Americans and other civilizations ended up in tiny reservations, rather than the Eurasians. The book covers a fascinating topic and provides a great review of history and asks some great questions. I think Diamond does a great job of making the connections between the elements presented in the book and making it real and relevant for his audience- and it does it in an engaging way. I recommend this book to anyone interested in anthropology, sociology, history, economics, or emergence/chaos theory.
1904920233|3.0|I bought this book mostly for the yasai chili men recipe and other vegetarian dishes and I was a bit disappointed when I tried making them. The yasai chili men in particular didn't come out anything like how it is when I order it in the restaurant, the sauce wasn't anywhere near thick enough and was just way too watery. I felt like a couple of the other vegetable dishes I made were a bit bland. Lastly the ingredients frequently call for things like \\"store-bought chili sauce\\" and other store bought sauces which I didn't really like because (unlike soy sauce or hoi sin sauce) not all chili sauces are the same and when buying them at the store I wasn't sure which would be the best one for the recipes. If they had specified what brand to buy I think that would've been a little more helpful. I'll probably try making yasai chili men again at some point, and hopefully it will come out better then but for now I can only give this 3 stars
0385732554|3.0|An interesting read- very thought provoking. A friend recommended it, and though I enjoyed it overall, it left me wanting more. It would have been better if the characters had been developed more and if there was a stronger conclusion to the story- it flet like we were just left hanging at the end. The book presents an interesting future and even has some spiritual elements to it. It was pretty engaging, perhaps just not long enough to develop a fully satisfactory story for me.
0385484518|5.0|A very heartwarming read that will make you want to be there in the story.  That makes you want to have experienced the story first hand and to have also met Morrie.  It is not the happiest story in the world and is generally sad, though it is in the best way.  Morrie talks about his lessons and hopefully you take time to think about what he says.
0143116738|5.0|I love this book! It was recommended by a friend and I'm so glad she told me about it. It complements other recent books I've read, like: Now, Discover Your Strengths; The Talent Code; Tribes; Emergence; The Hidden Power of Social Networks; and Leadership and the New Science. Sir Ken Robinson defines the Element as \\"The meeting point between natural aptitude and personal passion.\\" In this relatively short and very powerful book, Robinson shares meaningful stories and examples from his own life and that of many others, to highlight the problems that exist within our own educational systems that create a barrier to our ability to encourage and cultivate the talents and capabilities of our young people and our work force.     Some of my favorite topics he covered were: The three features of intelligence- diverse, dynamic, and distinctive; the hierarchy of subjects (how we prioritize the `hard' sciences over other subjects such as the arts; the additional senses we have other than the typical 5 we learn about in school (e.g. vestibular, temperature, pain, kinesthetic, etc.); Newtonian versus Einstein inspired metaphors for our world view; living systems; tribes; learning theory; leadership; and more.     Robinson presents the dynamic and multidimensional nature of our senses, intelligence, creativity, and talents. He also proposes a new conception of human ecology- one in which we start to \\"reconstitute our conception of the richness of human capacity.\\" His stories and research illustrate how our educational system and workplaces focus development on knowledge, practices, and capabilities that are designed for the industrialism, rather than the every changing and global world we and the next generations face in the future.     This book is fascinating and the author is a very good writer- he's funny too, which makes the reading easier. It provides specific examples and recommendations to help build environments in our school, home, and work, where every person is inspired to grow creatively and tap into their full potential. I highly recommend the book for teachers, students, human resource professionals, parents...pretty much everybody!
B000K7VHQ4|5.0|Based on Steven Millhauser's short story and set in early 20th century Vienna, The Illusionist captures what art house production companies do best -- stunning cinematography, an inventive tale, emotional resonance, excellent acting, and a cinematic magic that transcends the illusions in the plot itself.  Eisenheim the Illusionist (Edward Norton), the son of a carpenter who trained himself in the art of magic, has created a stir in Vienna when he arrives, seemingly out of nowhere, to charm the city with his spectacular illusions.  When the Crown Prince Leopold (Rufus Sewell) volunteers his soon-to-be fiancee as a subject in one of Eisenheim's most terrifying tricks, all starts going very wrong between the two men -- one a mere magician and carpenter's son and the other the most powerful man in the city.<br /><br />Ed Norton exudes mystery and charm as Eisenhem, but his is not the only memorable performance. Jessica Biel as Sophie, the woman of his dreams, is both sensuous and conflicted.  The chemistry between Norton and Biel is palpable, even if it may be too muted for some viewers.  Paul Giamatti's Inspector is likewise complex, both in his loyalty to the Crown Prince and in his personal fascination with Eisenheim.  The best part of this story is not the traditional themes of class division and love but rather the atmosphere of the period combined with dark illusions that suggest a Faustian deal with the devil and death.<br /><br />A first-rate film, The Illusionist is marred only by the occasional predictable plot elements.  Even if you guess the end, as I did, you'll enjoy every minute of watching it unfold.<br /><br />-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann
0743201140|5.0|Part of the \\"strengths movement\\", this book has helped to validate and clarify things I've known about myself and provided me with new insights as well. I'm a huge fan of the Clifton Strengthsfinder tool and found the book to be a very enjoyable read. I read this with my previous work team and we found the discussions to be very meaningful, enjoyable, and helpful- especially as we went through the performance review process and when I landed in a new job. I'd heard a lot about the book and am very glad that I got to read it. I highly recommend it!
B001CGJ3QS|5.0|Over time, my favorites change, but I can honestly say that Kempff's Beethoven Piano Sonatas have continued to give great pleasure.  The recording quality is fine.  The acoustic is very good.  His playing is gentle and even a bit whimsical at times.  I never get the sense that he has to impress anyone.  His playing does not have all of the sturm and drang that you can sometimes expect with mature Beethoven.    I much prefer this packaging.  The capbox with paper sleeves is a quarter of the size of the last incarnation with two 4-disc jewel boxes held together by a cardboard sleeve.  It thought that was good packaging years ago before I had 1000's of discs.  The old style of sets takes so much space!!    I prefer this set to Kempff's earlier set recorded in the 1950's.  I was very surprised to find that I really love Kempff's performance of Chopin's Berceuse.  I did not expect him to play it so delicately.    Lastly, I can say that I only recently purchased this set.  I got it from Amazon Marketplace.  I thought that I got a decent price, but not a steal.  Now it is $20.00 cheaper than I paid.  Now it is a steal!!
B0014YPEI4|5.0|I gave this to my little brother for Christmas and it was his favorite gift. He had been wanting an Allosaurus and we couldn't find one in stores. On Christmas morning he looked over every detail of the dinosaur and then excitedly said \\"It's an allosaurus!\\" (he's very into the details of dinosaurs). So the accuracy of these toys is obviously spot on. It's also just the right size for him, he's 6 so we wanted something for him that wouldn't look too \\"little kid like\\" but also be small enough for him to play with along with his other figurines.     The shipping was also great, we ordered it way late in the holiday season and still got it in time for Christmas morning.
B00335EQ0E|1.0|SPOILERS FOLLOW<br /><br />Very simply, this movie is a mess.  It overdoes its cute quotient, and summarily dismisses the darker elements of Lewis Carroll's original book.  If not for the insistent marketing muscle Disney can throw behind this misfire, it would barely be remembered today.<br /><br />With the voice talents of Kathryn Beaumont(Disney's much better \\"Peter Pan\\"), Ed Wynn(\\"Mary Poppins\\"), and Verna Felton(Disney's \\"Sleeping Beauty\\"), this movie should have been much better than it is.  It is sunk by passionless, directionless storytelling which only vaguely resembles its superior source material.  Additionally, an unwelcome feeling of boredom begins to creep in AFTER Alice gets to Wonderland.  Where was the creativity Walt Disney had mustered just the previous year for \\"Cinderella?\\"  This whole effort feels like he wanted to do it simply because \\"Alice in Wonderland\\" was a great fairytale he had not yet adapted at that point.<br /><br />For a much better adaptation, search out the 1985 TV production \\"Alice in Wonderland.\\"  It gives a fuller account of Lewis Carroll's story, and features a wonderful cast for its era.  It is also currently on DVD, and done in live action.  As for this movie, don't bother with it.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|I know what you're thinking. \\"Oh great some trekkie plugging a product he loves.\\" Truth be known, I was scared to death to see this movie. Like so many others who watched all things trek, I believed that if you deviate from a certain formula you will ruin the essence of what a product is. In this case however, this is possibly the best way to pay respect and reimagine a venereble series. No, this is not Shatner and the others, but the personalities of the iconic charaters are here in every way. There is something here for everyone. There is action, comedy, and an excellent Star Trek story. My Brother and I saw this film on the night of it's release, and my brother who is not a Star Trek fan said to me at the end of the film. \\"This is what Star Wars Episodes 1,2 and 3 should have been.\\" The actors playing in this movie allow us to see different sides of our favorite crew. Did you know Spock can be dignified while telling the Science Academy \\"Blow it out your nose.\\" I love the scene with Bones in the shuttle craft. Look I am trying to tell you see this film! I don't want to spoil it for you.
B00138J2MA|5.0|I like it so much, it is currently/still in the playlist of my iPod Touch.  Smooth and relaxing.  Very good for when sitting in rush hour traffic.
B001CD6FKI|5.0|As a kid, I liked watching the old show & knew it was corny, so I expected the same thing. But I was really blown away at how good this movie was. The plot was excellent; I loved the \\"father/ son\\" & \\"Greed\\" issues that occur in the film but what really pulled all of that together was the cast. The cast had great chemistry and it was a lot of fun seeing them work off of each other. I also like how they played around with the timeline of the film, I have never seen that before and you definitely have to see it to understand what I mean. (Check out the opening scene) And finally, the CGI was extremely well done; I liked how this film used it to create a completely fictional world for the characters to live in; allowing the film more freedom to do things that wouldn't be believable in a more realistic setting.  This is a great movie and sadly a film before its time, i loved it from when i saw it in the theater but surprisingly all of my co-workers who said they hated it had not seen the movie yet, except for one person. My advice is, watch it for yourself.
B000MQC9H4|4.0|The product was received promptly and in very good condition - Thank you for your good service.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|\\"King Kong\\" is one of my favourite movies.  Always has been, always will be.  I love all three Kong's, each for different reasons, but for the purpose of this review I'll be citing the 1970's version with Jessica Lange and Jeff Bridges.  I was but a young tyke of nine when my dear uncle took me to \\"Kong,\\" the big Christmas movie of 1976, and I was completely blown away!  I was captivated by the then-state-of-the-art special effects, of course, but I was genuinely moved by the story as well.  \\"Kong '76\\" was also the film that made me a movie fan for life; for the first time I took notice of how a movie's musical score could literally transport me into the world unreeling before my eyes and how a powerful film score could evoke vivid and magical memories of a movie long after the lights have come up.  And yet, while many others shared my love for the film at the time, history records that the \\"'76 Kong\\" was a box-office bust and a critical disaster.  Neither of which is true, of course, since the film was one of the biggest hits of the Seventies and was lauded by such noteworthy critics as Pauline Kael and Roger Ebert, but history, like beauty, like art, is largely a matter of perception, and PERCEPTION IS EVERYTHING.<br /><br />So what does a harshly ridiculed,  perpetually perceived \\"bomb\\" such as \\" King Kong '76\\" have to do with the movie that's soon to overtake \\"Titanic\\" as the biggest box-office smash of all-time?  Well, James Cameron and 20th Century Fox spent a rumoured $500-million bringing \\"Avatar\\" to the screen, but apparently that wasn't enough, since two key battle scenes feature sound effects that are instantly recognizable from the much-maligned 70's version of \\"Kong!\\" Every time I heard Kong wail in AVATAR I cracked up, but I also took a measure of satisfaction that the \\"King of the World!\\" movie director was acknowledging one of my most treasured movie touchstones.<br /><br />For all its technical brilliance, \\"Avatar\\" ultimately loses points for Cameron's most glaring weaknesses as a filmmaker: his reliance on stock characters and clunky dialogue to tell a story.  There are moments of great beauty in \\"Avatar,\\" but the cliches begin to pile up, especially during the final act, which plays like the climactic confrontation from Cameron's \\"Aliens\\"  on steroids.  Apparently, the one thing $500-million CAN'T buy is originality.<br /><br />If a director of Cameron's celebrated stature is going to pay homage to  John Guillermin's version of \\"Kong\\" then it may be time to re-evaluate the merits of the '76 monster hit and celebrate the movie magic conjured all those years ago.  \\"Here's to the Big One!\\"g weaknesses as a filmmaker: his reliance on stock characters and clunky dialogue to tell a story.   There are moments of great beauty in \\"Avatar,\\" but the cliches begin to pile up, especially during the final act, which plays like the climactic confrontation from Cameron's \\"Aliens\\"  on steroids.   Apparently, the one thing $500-million CAN'T buy is originality.    If a director of Cameron's celebrated stature is going to pay homage to  John Guillermin's version of \\"Kong\\" then it may be time to re-evaluate the merits of the '76 monster hit and celebrate the movie magic conjured all those years ago.  \\"Here's to the Big One!\\"
031606792X|4.0|This well resolved the series, and after the lackluster previous [[ASIN:0316160199 two]] [[ASIN:0316160202 books]], returns us to the higher quality of the [[ASIN:0316015849 original]]. The characters are more realistic, and the love more mature. No one who is supposed to be a hero is committing sexual assault. There is the promise of action, and the promise actually delivers.<br /><br />The love scenes between the now married Edward and Bella are suitably chaste S&M. I didn't think I'd like the take of having Jacob do the first person narrative, but he grows on you.  We return to Bella's perspective at just the right time. Where one might think events are predictable, they aren't, but nothing is too deus ex machina. It all makes sense within the Twilight universe.<br /><br />Not great literature, but recommended to curl up next to the fire with.
0811868419|5.0|this is a beautiful book! i love it so much! i love the papercut illustrationns!
B0029LHW68|2.0|What a perfect way to completely make a great album unlistenable: Have a bunch of kids chanting \\"ohh-ohhhh-ohh\\" on every song!  And the one song that doesn't have the children's choir is utterly ruined by Kanye West.  This is the biggest disappointment of 2009 for me.  I was once a huge fan...    Is there a version of this album without the chanting kids & Kanye?  I would like to become a fan again.
0132350882|5.0|I first met Bob Martin 15 years ago by reading his brilliantly lucid _Designing Object Oriented C++ Applications Using The Booch Method_.  He was kind enough to help me sort out my own struggles with the writings of the \\"Three Amigos\\" and I've been something of a fan ever since.<br /><br />He followed with a number of excellent books; took the lead first on Patterns and then on Agile development; but now he has reached beyond his dedicated audience of serious software architecture geeks, with this extraordinary work on writing code well.<br /><br />This book ranks on any shelf that has either  Code Complete by Steve McConne or Refactoring by Martin Fowler; both classics (though loyalty and enjoyment causes me to add Why Software Sucks by David Platt as belonging on that shelf as well).<br /><br />It is true that seasoned developers will find that they \\"already know\\" much of what is in the early portion of the book -- but my experience is that Martin has a unique ability to crystalize even common wisdom in a way that gives accepted practice new impetus and that expands my understanding of the implications of tenets I hold to but don't always fully implement.<br /><br />Bob Martin is known to many of us as \\"Uncle Bob,\\" and with good reason; his writing is avuncular in the finest sense of being solid advice offered in good cheer and without condescension.<br /><br />All of that said, this is not a light weight book; while offering up the fundamental principles that separate yeoman programmers from the truly expert, he goes on to teach more (and more effectively) about test driven development in one chapter than most authors accomplish in a book. He does the same for refactoring and, I would argue, on the way he offers a brilliant introduction to Agile programming.<br /><br />While we're at it, let's note that the chapters on naming and on comments would serve well as a standard for any software development group and should certainly be required reading for all new developers.<br /><br />In short, this book is recommended without reservation to those who are not yet convinced they know all that can be known about creating great software. I own both the electronic and the hardcover version, and it was money very well spent.mended without reservation to those who are not yet convinced they know all that can be known about creating great software. I own both the electronic and the hardcover version, and it was money very well spent.
0792838068|5.0|A love story of a different - and rather disturbing - kind.  Tormented alcoholic Ben (Nicholas Cage) leaves his home and family to drink himself to death in Las Vegas. Soon after arriving he meets up with a battered prostitute (Elizabeth Shue) and quickly strikes up a friendship with her. The movie chronicles their relationship to the tragic end you know is coming, yet it never feels predictable. Yes, it's a depressing film, but you get caught up in the extremely compelling downward spiral, and the acting is top notch. Certainly not family entertainment. I wouldn't let any kid under 20 watch it, especially the uncut version, which I happened on for the first time on the IFC channel the other day. Powerful stuff though.
B001R60ESE|5.0|One word Fantastic. Anyone who purchases it will become an Instant Botti Fan. His collorborations are Amazing.
B00008G7UF|5.0|There are a lot of forgettable love stories out there, but this somewhat obscure gem is a keeper that you're likely to be quoting lines from years after seeing it. I never knew the always adorable Meg Ryan had such  a flair for comedy before I saw this. With Kevin Kline as co-star, you can already imagine you're in for a few laughs, and the movie doesn't disappoint on that score. Sure, the plot is a little unrealistic (what romantic comedy has a realistic plot?) but the wonderful French scenery and often hilarious exchanges between Ryan and Kline combined with a happily-ever-after ending makes this uplifting fairy tale a hit with me.
B00000ITOY|5.0|I'll confess, I was fairly undecided on whether this toy would be any actual fun. But since my two year old is really into shapes, colors, and simple numbers and I've just confiscated all the scary Melissa & Doug (see:toxic) puzzles in their collection, I thought this might stand as a fair replacement.<br /><br />The kids, 23 months & 4 years, both immediately loved it; ie. The youngest immediately took control of the toy whilst being loudly scolded by the bossy 4-year old on how she wasn't assembling it correctly(!!!!), which quickly spun out of control, and ended up in a draw with both of them letting out an ear-splitting screech. In toddler/preschooler world, I suppose this is a \\"two-thumbs up.\\"<br /><br />After the dust settled, I took a look-see at this new toy, and received a few reprimands from the 4-year old on my unorthodox experiments with it. Namely the totally cool discovery that this toy not only teaches about colors, shapes numbers, with a little dexterity thrown in, but it also fits the bolts and nails that come with the [[ASIN:B001Q3KUAA Green Toys Tool Set]] they own, and that it also makes a whole new 'wardrobe' for their [[ASIN:B00076KSWM Turnello the Mouse]] toy that they received for Christmas. My youngest, had she not been in such a tizzy at this point might have approved, but my four-year old insisted this kind of out-of-the-box thinking was a highly unacceptable use of a toy with only one stated purpose.<br /><br />Against her explicit warning, and under her disapproving eye, I continued to compose a little car - that would even roll for a time - though the nuts inevitably fell off, and thus the 'wheels' detached.<br /><br />My four year old, witnessing my experiments, eventually conceded there might be other cool things you could do with these pieces, and built a little neighborhood, with houses made from the 3-peg triangles and 4-peg rectangles, and over-sized people made from 2-peg rectangles topped with a circle. She flipped the board over to use as a mini-table for this project. Then she sat on the board, and we all held our breath thinking one of the pegs might pop off, but it withstood her 30-odd pounds of weight, so that speaks well of the integrity of the workmanship.<br /><br />I bet there are even more uses for these little flat pieces we haven't yet imagined. But I'm so crazy-bored I may just discover them over the course of a few days!<br /><br />In any case, chances are you can find a plethora of ways to use this toy - if the kids will allow it. Our toy seems pretty well-constructed, and it's attractive enough - though more utilitarian in appearance than most of the Plan Toys we own. And actually it's not a bad little teaching tool to have around, even if you do only use it for the stated purpose.<br /><br />And, unlike Melissa & Doug, Plan Toys line of products has been tested extensively - via XRF - by the Ecology Center, with one of the best safety records of any toy on the market. So I feel pretty good about my children playing with this toy, or using the pieces as throwing stars in their endless competition of sibling rivalry. Whatever. They might lose an eye, but at least I won't have to worry about lead and cadmium, so that's something.<br /><br />Bottom line: This is a great toy. Open ended. Educational. Safe. I highly recommend it.is project. Then she sat on the board, and we all held our breath thinking one of the pegs might pop off, but it withstood her 30-odd pounds of weight, so that speaks well of the integrity of the workmanship.    I bet there are even more uses for these little flat pieces we haven't yet imagined. But I'm so crazy-bored I may just discover them over the course of a few days!    In any case, chances are you can find a plethora of ways to use this toy - if the kids will allow it. Our toy seems pretty well-constructed, and it's attractive enough - though more utilitarian in appearance than most of the Plan Toys we own. And actually it's not a bad little teaching tool to have around, even if you do only use it for the stated purpose.    And, unlike Melissa & Doug, Plan Toys line of products has been tested extensively - via XRF - by the Ecology Center, with one of the best safety records of any toy on the market. So I feel pretty good about my children playing with this toy, or using the pieces as throwing stars in their endless competition of sibling rivalry. Whatever. They might lose an eye, but at least I won't have to worry about lead and cadmium, so that's something.    Bottom line: This is a great toy. Open ended. Educational. Safe. I highly recommend it.
B0026JWDQW|4.0|Loved the upbeat songs! Not as great as Paolo's first CD, but a great one, nonetheless, to add to your collection.
B000Q6GUW0|4.0|I don't know what happened with the shipping from Amazon but I didn't get the Dexter Season One when they said i would it got lost in the mail. So Amazon sent it to me over night to Alaska and it was here for christmas.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|I suppose Alice in Chains will fly under the Grammy nomination radar (for 2011). That's too bad. This album is incredibly good. It's one of those albums that does not hit you over the head right away (and then you eventually get tired of it). Upon the third or fourth listening, you appreciate the grooves and the depth of the songs, and you begin to fear just how much you are going to love it.
B00005Q66T|4.0|Up until recently, I had never been a Madonna fan. There were a few songs of hers I knew and liked, such as \\"Ray of Light\\" and \\"Music,\\" but I had never really taken much interest in her music. I found a copy of her \\"Ray of Light\\" album for really cheap (I think around three dollars) and thought \\"What the heck? I know I like the title track at least.\\" Once I got home I popped it into my CD player and wasn't to sure what to think of it. My first impression of it was that it was kind of bizarre. But for some reason I just kept going back to it. There was just something about the strange electronic beats and beautifully crafted lyrics that kept me wanting more. I soon fell in love with it.    So, to see if I liked some of her other music, I bought GHV2. As I figured I would, I loved it. As soon as I heard the infectious disco beat of \\"Deeper and Deeper\\" I knew I was in for a treat. The tracks that followed were the sexy \\"Erotica\\" and the wonderful \\"Human Nature.\\" There were some songs, such as \\"Secret,\\" \\"Don't Tell Me,\\" and \\"Beautiful Stranger\\" that I was surprised to find out I already knew, I just didn't recognize their titles at first.    But, unfortunately, this compilation is far from perfect. First off, the track-listing is very random. The perfect example is tracks 7-11, albums-wise, you go from Ray of Light (1998) to the Austin Powers Soundtrack (1999), back to Ray of Light, then way back to Bedtime Stories (1995), then back again to Ray of Light. Also, after discovering more Madonna music, there are a lot of really good songs left off here. (Especially from Erotica)  I would have love to see songs on here such as \\"Rain\\" and \\"Bad Girl,\\" plus \\"You Must Love Me\\" is so much better than her version of \\"Don't Cry for Me Argentina.\\"    So, in short, if you are already a Madonna fan who has all the albums, feel free to skip this. But if you are a new fan that doesn't know many of her songs, this is a good place to start.    Highlights:  1. Frozen  2. Don't Tell Me  3.Music  4. Secret  5. Drowned World/Substitute for Love  6. Deeper & Deeper
0811866351|5.0|This book is a entire New Orleans creation, that is because all the argument of the film is there. The art of the backgrounds, creation of characters and al the concepts for scenes is great, in my opinion, one of the best \\"the art of...\\" that I've seen. Recommended for artist and colectors.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|I have been a Beatles fan since I bought I Wanna Hold your Hand at age eight, with my pocket money (2 shillings and 6 pence if I recall.)  It was 1963.    And now I can hear it in German!  I had to have this collection and it's perfect.
B000MRAAJM|1.0|Just in case, my 2 star rate is exclusively for the Blu-Ray product.  The Blu-Ray boxset comes with 4 discs that contains the 11 episodes that encompasses the complete series of planet earth.  If i had to rate the visual content of this series is 5 stars all the way, hands down.  As many other reviews, my discontent is the omission of special features.    I had a friend that lend me his planet earth DVD boxset and I just finished watching the bonus feature The Future which has 3 episodes: Saving Species, Into the Wilderness and Living Together each almost an hour length.  In a nutshell, this amazing documentary is very informative and brings powerful ecological issues from very well educated people. Many of the concerns are going to be dealt directly by you and me, we need this education...why did they not include such an important documentary in the Blu Ray version!!   In a way I know the answer, I've seen how it works.  I've been collecting movies since late 90's: I've bought DVD's that I had VHS versions before, I experienced the WB larger DVD's cases that were later changed for the standard size cases, or the \\"flip side\\" movies (first version of Goodfellas, Sleepers, A Time to Kill), the Special Editions, Limited Editions, Ultimate Editions, etc etc...believe me, I've done my share.  Now seeing the same pattern in the Blu Rays discs (where \\"lack of space\\" is not an excuse) is really irritating.    It is a shame that this highly praised series (with their sophisticated message and the contribution to the appreciation/ preservation to the environment) fell in the industry abusive discipline in continuing exploiting the customers pockets...for me is somewhat contradictory to the essence of the series.    Don't be surprise when people decide to copy a special feature disc like this one, or should they sit and wait for the super mega edition boxset! Instead of spending millions in marketing for anti-piracy campaigns, concentrate in your loyal customers by making themost complete and comprehensive possible product in the original date of release.  Thanks for reading this.  UPDATE (January 27th): now that I saw the 10 minute behind the scenes on EACH episode on the DVD boxset I'm really pissed...this is amazing footage that was completely cut out from the Blu-Ray as well. Get this: these behind the scenes are an extra chapter (last chapter) within each episode which means they deliberately took them out for the blu-ray edition (as well as taking out the 5th disc - special feature the future)...que cojones man!!!  I'm sorry, I'm changing my vote to 1 star.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Ok...I'm a closet Trekkie.  But this was all I wanted for Christmas and pretty much what I got.  Love it.  Great movie, lots of fun and great production values.
0385504225|5.0|If you liked \\"Angels and Demons\\" and \\"The DaVinci Code\\" you will enjoy \\"The Lost Symbol\\".  First, To really become entrenched in a book there must be a level of believability.  Intertwining actual sites in Washington DC makes me want to retrace the steps that occurred in the reading much like in Dan Brown's previous books.  If you love archeological, mystery-driven, fictional writings laced with a tad of biblical flair, then read away!  The book was very entertaining. I read it in 2 days!
0385523904|5.0|Following 9/11, former US President George W. Bush stated that there was an \\"axis of evil\\" - Iran, Iraq, and North Korea. Many Americans bought into this line; Iraq was attacked and Saddam Hussein toppled, and many speculated the neocons would then pursue Iran and then, North Korea.    What we in the west often forget is that in countries whose governments and leaders are vilified by the US media (not without reason, I might add), there are normal, everyday lives being lived by people no different than the average heartland American. Sure, those people may look different, speak different languages, and come from wholly distinct cultural traditions and heritages, but they all face the same aspirations and objectives: to succeed in life, to love and to be loved, and of course, to survive.    \\"Nothing to Envy\\" looks at a few of these foreigners; in this case, citizens of North Korea, a country which has been in the news as of late due to a nuclear showdown with the United States.    It is a very easy to read account of the lives of individuals who struggled due to a terrible famine which hit that country in the mid 1990s, and how those individuals fought to survive while many around them were perishing like animals.    It'll captivate you, and you'll find it hard to put it down. At times you will be driven nearly to tears, and at others, you will boil in fury at the callousness of the North Korean authorities.    Even if you've never read an article, let alone a book, on North Korea... even if you are a newcomer to English-language books on this peculiar nation... you must read this book. The current humanitarian crisis in that country will be better understood by reading this marvelous work.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Very happy with the product.  It was exactly what I ordered and I got it quickly.  I will order from this person again.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|I went to the movies expecting this to be another Quintin bloody gore movie and was plesantly surprised to see that it had a great story line, and trust me I'm very picky and was hesitant to see it. The movie had an awesome plot that kept me on the edge of me seat the whole time, my wife and I left the theater with no nails. There are some crazy twists and unexpected events that take place in this movie. The first couple of minutes at the begining make you so anxious and uncomfortable cause you feel that your the one being interigated. Now the movie is not historically correct and is not ment to be a recreation or informative. It is an interesting tale of what could of happened should certain circumstances have taken place. I maintain a vague description because the lack of knowledge on what to expect is what made the movie so good for me, and I recomend you do the same so you don't spoil the fun. If you like suspensful military movies, justice, or Brad Pitt this movie is most definatly for you. I love blu ray.
B0026I4EU6|5.0|Awesome book, very hard to put down.  Divides into three areas, first his seal training, then the actual encounter, and finally his rescue and his life after this unimaginable event.  It is hard to imagine how anyone can come out of something of that magnitude with their wits, yet Marcus Littrell has managed to use this life altering experience and make good out of something so horrible.  I have since done more research on seal training and watched many videos dedicated to him and his teamates, and there are no words to describe them.  I feel I really know his friends and comrades and their dedication is something all Americans should know of and be damn proud to call them Seals!!!  Don't read this book if you want entertaining fluff, but you will come away a better person and American afterwards.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|I like this one, very nice...what's funny is that I got this one last I already have \\"It's Time\\" Love It!...\\"Crazy Love\\" witch is his latest and may I say IT'S AMAZING! LOVE IT!...Call Me Irresponsible has some really good songs on it...I really like \\"LOST\\"...\\"EVERYTHING\\"..\\"THAT'S LIFE\\"..THE BEST IS YET TO COME...ALWAYS ON MY MIND...AND CALL ME Irresponsible...Haha! That's almost the the entire album!, But I like the other three albums even better, Oh yeah I have his first one too \\"Michael Buble\\" Great!...So my thoughts are, You should buy this album because you'd be missing out!!!
0316017922|3.0|Whereas intelligence is of paramount importance in order to succeed, practical intelligence is far more relevant in real life.
B000MQC9H4|4.0|i absolutely fell in love with this bit of cinema fluff. over new years, my son and his girl friend were here. she and i wanted to watch it.  he pronounced, after watching for 30 minutes, that he thought he was deveoping ovaries.  and that came from an M.D.
0446567337|5.0|I really loved this book which is unusual for me because I am not the romantic book type.  But I really enjoyed that it wasn't cookie cutter romance and I enjoyed the writer's style.  My fiance is in the army and I am worried about him potentially being shipped over seas and this book, although sad, made it seem possible to get through.  Hard as it was for Savannah, there was still the point that she made it through.  I thought it was a great book.
B002T9H2LK|5.0|Inglourious Basterds combined two things I love. Quentin Tarantino & killin' nazi's! If you've never seen a Tarantino film you may be slightly thrown with his style but then again that's okay because you've never seen a Tarantino film so you've probably been in a very long coma. Very Long. B.E.A.Utiful movie.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Purchased these for my husband after a lot of research and reading reviews. He absolutely loves the head set, and says it improves his game play quite a bit! They are very comfortable and the sound is amazing. I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a great wireless headset!
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Liebe Ist F&uuml;r Alle Da is great. It's creepy & a little odd at times but I'm not complaining! It's the classic balance between rough & soft when appropriate.
B002HWRYJE|1.0|I'm a long time fan of all the Star Trek series and movies and this one just didn't cut it.  Too Manny impossible coincidences, flawed premise and script. Patched together scenes that flowed poorly and many seemed cartoonish.  Had many good scenes and good actors but a failure overall.
B00003CXTG|5.0|This is great entertainment combined with a realistic peek back into our nation's history.  Great acting and a wonderfully romantic movie, but exciting enough for the viewers who prefer great action.  The air-fight scenes are fantastic -- especially with surround sound.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Sons of Anarchy is the best show on TV right.......Season 1 on DVD is AWESOME!!!!  Came right on time.....in EXCELLENT condition!
B002T9H2L0|2.0|Not good.  The story line was not fully developed and some of the characters were barely more than faces on the screen.  It was a huge disappointment in many ways, not least of which was the brutality.  Brad Pitt should have opted for a different script.
B0002KQNUO|5.0|First of all I love Amazons custumer service! My purchase got lost in the mail and they replaced the product in the next day delivery service and at the time that I really needed (I was traveling the same day) Now, I encourage people to buy anything in Amazon because they have good options and love the price (cheap). I went to watch cirque du solei and loved the music and I wanted to give it as a christmas present for the person who took me there and he simple loved it :)
B001GCUNYO|5.0|I wouldn't advise watching this movie just before you go to bed; it is a visually disturbing movie. Yes, there is a lot of exciting action, great chases, one on foot, and plenty of the bad guys getting what they deserve. That, for me, was not disturbing. I did watch the unrated version of the movie, not the theatrical version; it may be that some of the scenes which I found most disturbing are not in the theatrical release.<br /><br />The disturbing part to me was the picture of young people, especially young women, taking chances that can ruin their lives. The old saying that teenagers had better do what they're going to do while they're teenagers and still know everything seems to fit this movie all too well.<br /><br />A number of scenes showing the depravity of the slave trade are very saddening. Young women, imprisoned as prostitutes and chattel, graphically show the dangers that can lurk in societies today.<br /><br />One lasting impression is that there are too many really evil people out there today. I'm afraid that too many Americans have no notion of how bad things can sometimes get; they seem to believe that bad things only happen to someone else.<br /><br />I may watch the theatrical release later and see which scenes were deleted. The scenes in the unrated version made a convincing case for all of the actions taken by the father as he attempted to rescue his daughter.<br /><br />One of a number of issues that were glossed over was the lasting psychological impact of the experience on the daughter even after her rescue; she would never be the same again and would, I suspect, require extensive counseling to have any hope of resuming a normal life. Post traumatic stress disorder would be as much a problem for her as for any soldier; it could take years for the negative effects of this experience to be overcome. In that regard, the ending was much too much Hollywood Pollyannaism.<br /><br />If you can set aside your reason and just take the movie for what it is, it offers a fast paced, action packed movie that won't let you go; at 91 minutes it's relatively short and is over rather quickly. With the caveats mentioned above I can recommend this as an exciting action movie.ie that won't let you go; at 91 minutes it's relatively short and is over rather quickly. With the caveats mentioned above I can recommend this as an exciting action movie.
B001EN71DG|2.0|I never even took the DVDs out of the cases. Somewhere before the shipping process the 3rd case (ROTJ) was cut with a knife. I returned it the next day. I'm sure it's a fine product, these things happen, but still...
0312370849|5.0|I'm not a literary critic, so I won't pretend to write about prose and style. I was simply drawn in by the story.  I finished the book in a day; and I can't remember the last time I spent a sunny Saturday locked up indoors reading!   Maybe, because like Julia, I know what it's like to be obsessed with a facet of family history and the need to know what happened from there, even if others wouldn't talk about it. Maybe it's because I live in a 170-year old farmhouse, and often wonder what stories the walls could tell... It's not your typical war novel.  It's a story about a journalist who in 2002 discovers that her husband's family and the apartment they are about to move in to in Paris has a deep secret dating back to 1942, and she becomes obsessed with finding out what really happened.
B002JM1VJG|1.0|The video quailty was horrible. I cannot believe it. I have seen better quality on  unrestored black and white  vhs movies from the 40's.  This was a scam by Warner Brothers... And of all people- why censor Madonna's videos... I want my money back . DO Not Buy This...  Absolutely Horrible and a Waste of Money !  !  MJ
0375842209|5.0|I heard some friends talking about the book so I wanted to read it.  This is a must read for EVERYONE. Interesting angle for the time.
0143036742|3.0|My dad is in a similar situation to the dad in this book - 70 and pursues a relationship with a woman who's clearly a scam artist, and deep down he knows it. This novel's portrayal of an intelligent old man chasing an exciting but toxic woman is accurate. Both my dad and the 80 year old man in this book are smart enough to deep down know what is going on but also smart - and desperate - enough to talk themselves into continuing. Elaborate justifications and generalizing discussion of his folly to be about world politics or philosophy. I could totally see a man like this using even something like the impact of tractors on human history as a not-so-subtle allegory for his personal life. It takes guts to give a debut novel the driest title imaginable, but I enjoyed the links between excerpts from the father's opus in progress and the happenings in his life. I was less engaged by the deep dives into the family's history - felt like I missed the point of them apart from showing that there was more to the characters than what they had become, or at least the reasons why they had become that way were meant to make them more sympathetic and three-dimensional than they had first appeared. There seemed to also be some attempt to make the point that history, like the present, depends on who you ask, but that point has been made better by William Faulkner in Absalom, Absalom! The point of this book seemed to be to start with stereotypes and then flesh them out till they were rounded and believable, but somehow for me that made it one of those novels that left me going, \\"Huh? That was it?\\" which is the reason I've given it an average rating.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|If your a MJ Fan this is a must have but if you buy this ask this vendor to ship it in different packing because mine came damaged. The package came fast and on time thou.
0345410025|5.0|The Memory Book should be considered by anyone going back to school and needing a way to remember a lot of information. I think it enhances the right brain, by creating pictures which can be used to recall a thought or idea. It is not fast in the beginning, it takes practice...that's why you need to start early. The book gives you the method to train yourself in order to use the memory techniques everyday.
B002L5810I|5.0|I would order from this vendor again. And if your a MJ fan this is a must have.
006135323X|5.0|This is an awesome book<br /><br />Everyone should read it.<br /><br />I hope the author writes more books like this one
B001F12J0C|5.0|I never been able to sit down and watch all (3) of the Bourne movies until I ordered this set. For the first time ever I able to sit down and watch them in their entirety. They run between 1 1/2-2 hours each. These movies kick butt with hours of jam-packed action! Loved them!
B001C3KCSY|5.0|Every release from the Kings of Leon has been purchased by myself, if not on the day of release, certainly within the first week of it hitting shelves.<br /><br />Into the Night was no different, however my review comes many months later??<br /><br />This album was released just as I was begining a new job and was a great companion during my new longer commute to work. Again the band built upon the new directions found in their 3rd album while still retaining the heartfelt swagger of the 1st and 2nd and you can be guaranteed I will be there up front waiting for their 5th ablum.<br /><br />I also love that this album has brought the band to be recognised by a much wider audience and are now part of the fabric and fashion of today, for some bands this would mark the end of creativity, however i'm confident the Kings of Leon are going to continue to surprise us all!
1570500339|5.0|I love this audio version of the popular novel. I often play the CDs while I am driving and the time flies. Susannah York's animated reading of Jane Austen's novel includes voicing the lines of the various characters. Even though I have seen the 2005 movie and the 1995 TV miniseries, I feel I have a much better understanding of the various plot points after listening to this audio version. This rendition follows the book more closely, although it is an abridged version.
B001V7UXG2|5.0|Who can resist the wonders that is Jeeves & Wooster all gathered in one set for proper enjoyment? I've adored this show ever since seeing small clips of it on youtube and was overjoyed to purchase this for a friend for the holidays. It's a great collection and I look forward to the nights of marathons of the episodes!    For fans of House MD, definitely check this out as it's a different side of Hugh Laurie that the American public hasn't had the pleasure of seeing! Also, if you only know Stephen Fry through his guest appearances on Bones -for shame!- but revel in his role as the valet of all valets, saving the day without a wrinkle in his perfect suit. Definitely check this out as well as 'A Little Fry and Laurie' to see this duo  really working their natural chemistry and talent set to 11.
0786868724|5.0|MITCH ALBOM HAS DONE IT AGAIN. IN SPARE BUT  WONDERFUL IMAGES HE HAS TRAVELED BACK AND THEN   FORWARD WITH TWO MARVELOUS CHARACTERS
B0027ZEHGO|5.0|This film by Michael Moore is an eye opener. Why can't we, with all of our wealth, provide universal health care for all? Moore outlines the failings of our for-profit system, and those systems provided by other developed nations. A must see, and think about, film.
B000TKW3E2|4.0|As someone who doesn't see much originality in any cinematic form this last decade, I have a surprisingly generous amount to say about this soundtrack. It's what I love about movie scores. It's haunting. And while it can be extremely sad at times, it's a beautiful melancholy that ultimately is very moving. The obvious winner here that gains the most of the \\"wow\\" factor from audiences is \\"Elegy for Dunkirk\\", which goes for over 4 minutes and is haunting, sad, strong and portrays the inevitable tragedy of the film.  The rest of the tracks are wonderful, too, including \\"Denouement\\" with a wonderful key-change in the movie's main theme. \\"Briony\\" is a wonderful beginning to the album as it incorporates a type-writer into the music, much like the morse-code input in the \\"Titanic\\" soundtrack, as it is relevant to the story (Briony\\" is a writer, and as a child in the forties, used a type-writer).  It's not a very action packed musical venture, not that it needed to be, but just as a warning that given the movie involves a war, there are so \\"escapes\\" and \\"near-misses\\" and therefore no loud, dramatic music. This entire album is mostly mellow with the exception of sweeping strings and, as mentioned, the type-writer theme.  Well worth the money if you are a fan of John Williams and James Horner - like soundtracks.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|I just finished watching this series all the way through. I never got a chance to watch it when it was on TV in first runs. I wish there were another 6 seasons so that I could continue watching. You get so close to the characters it's hard to see it come to an end. I've got a few years on me now and my memory ain't quite what it used to be. There was a time when I'd never watch a movie or TV show twice because I could remember it so well, even years later. I can see myself watching this series again, maybe a year or so down the road. If it remains at the current price, you can't go wrong.
B001QB9H10|3.0|Good movie, but again the directors can't seem to follow a conversation without injecting gross profanity.  I think they believe only people with weak minds watch this.
B000FA5TTW|2.0|I finished reading The Lovely Bones last weekend and I am still \\"mad\\" at this book. It started out with such potential. I couldn't put it down. I was frustrated because I was half way through and had to wait until the next day to finish it. It was that good! Then, the next day came and I began reading it again. I believe it was chapter 16 (*SPOILER ALERT: right after the sister broke into the neighbors house.) when everything started getting off track for me. I was thoroughly disappointed with the fact that she returned to earth at all, but to do so so that she could have sex with a childhood crush (and is she not still a child herself and he, a grown man? and after she had been so brutally raped and murdered??) And, the fact that Ray was was so comfortable and excepting of Susie inhabiting Ruth's  body (perfectly normal? I think not!). I kept wondering why she didn't reveal herself to her family, or warn her sister that Mr. Harvey was stalking her, or tell someone, anyone, where her body was? The last quarter of the book became long and drawn out for me and just a little too sappy for my liking. I really wanted to like the book, I just couldn't.
B000W4HJ44|5.0|The price for this was the great recommendation.  My daughter had wanted the two-disc edition.  Everywhere else I had seen prices of nearly $30.  The price was great, it was exactly what we wanted and delivered very quickly.
0061537969|4.0|This book grabbed hold of me within the first few pages.  The story of a dog's life written through the perspective of the dog---GENIOUS!  It is what everyone thinks ( or wants) that their animals are capable of.  Some situations made me want to jump through the book but that made the end all worth the wait.  Definitely one not to miss.  I laughed, cried and bawled my eyes out and at the same time ended the book satisfied and anxious to find out if there could be a sequel.
B00127RAJY|4.0|[[ASIN:B00127RAJY Jillian Michaels - 30 Day Shred]]    I just did the level 1 workout for this DVD and it was SO hard!!! I hate to exercise but really want to get in shape for a friend's wedding this summer, so I purchased this along with one of the Biggest Loser DVDs. Wow. I was dying after the first 6-minute circuit and it only got harder for the last 12 minutes! Jillian really packs it in--you have got to be motivated or pretty fit to stick with it the whole 20 minutes. But, like she says, you have to work to get results.     I thought this was a really good workout for people who are serious about getting fit. Make sure you have a soft surface (like a mat) and some light dumbells before starting this DVD.
B002QW7AJY|3.0|Lt. Payton (Dennis Quaid) and Cpl. Bower (Ben Foster) wake-up from hyper-sleep to find that they have selective amnesia from the experience.  It is a rude awakening to a seemingly dead space ship later to fine that they may be hors d'oeuvres.<br /><br />The film passes time and everyone tries very hard. However, there are only so many ways to do space kung-fu and other mischievous biting.  Antje Traue ads a little energy to the story.<br /><br />I am not saying that you will not like the movie. Many people want the formula and nothing to innovative.  If you are looking for something exceptional or innovative, you have come to the wrong place. Watch the original \\"Planet of the Apes\\" for a better ending surprise and escape.<br /><br />I have only seen the Blu-Ray disc, so I cannot compare to the other presentations, a theatrical trailer, and much more. Be sure to take the time for the Audio Commentary with director Christian Alvart and Producer Jeremy Bolt. This is one of the few movies that the DVD extras do not really contribute to its enhancement.
B0000029LG|5.0|I've liked this CD, but mostly for the second one, and the 5 cuts from \\"Blood on the Dance Floor\\", that were left off, even though all of those songs would've and should've been on here. It makes me wonder why he didn't just put out a 2 CD set of all new music at the time and had released a 2 CD set of the hits a year or two later.     The songs are more intense than fun. Supposedly Jackson had been listening to NIN's \\"The Downward Spiral\\" around the time he recorded the \\"new\\" songs. I think there's a couple of songs you might be able to hear it (Scream, They Don't Care About Us).     But the only weak point to me is covering \\"Come Together\\", any of those 5 songs on \\"Blood\\" would've been better picks.
0385523904|5.0|We hear a lot about the nuclear threats, missile tests and hot air from North Korea, but this nation has done a horrifyingly excellent job of isolating its population since its birth at the end of the Korean War.  Very limited information makes it out of this hell on earth, and when it does, we must be reminded that any nation could be trapped under the same grip should it get so careless as to allow critical freedoms, particularly the freedom of speech and expression to fall by the wayside.<br />  Barbara Demick has written a moving and disturbing book that follows the stories of six defectors from North Korea, from their childhoods to the terrible famine of the 1990's and their brave decisions to escape, usually through brokers in China.<br />  It's very graphic, upsetting but yet inspiring when one considers that we as humans can and do draw from inner strengths we didn't think were present to do amazing feats when we have to.<br />  Kim Jong-Il and the North Korean government are rabid and downright looney oppressors of their people, the depths of their \\"teachings\\" explained at length in this book.<br />  Anybody who appreciates their freedoms and resources will understand how precious those things are, and those who don't should be made to read \\"Nothing To Envy\\", and surely it will make them think.  Perhaps the most valuable lesson we can draw is to retain our right to think and speak for ourselves, and not allow any one political party or philosophy become a mindless mantra.  No society is immune from the horrors these people face, and it's a humbling read.
B002XTBEDI|3.0|How do you follow an act like Cranford?  With another drama, brilliant in it's own right.  Not by trying to re-visit past triumphs, much as we long to do so. The proper successor to Cranford has yet to come along, in my opinion, and it probably won't be about Cranford, but \\"Return to Cranford\\" was great fun, nonetheless.<br /><br />Return to Cranford  stumbles perhaps against the block of the--what happens after the story ends?--mentality that plagues most sequels. We do get to see what happens to most of our beloved characters, with the notable exception of young Dr. Harrison. He's only mentioned in passing as having a wife and not being there anymore, which is odd, since so much of the drama revolved around him in Cranford. In the sequel, most of the drama revolves around the railroad construction, halted by Lady Ludlow's refusal to sell her land. Through a series of circumstances, the construction goes through an \\"on-again, off-again\\" cycle that feels contrived, and then culminates in an action-packed railroad event that also, in retrospect, feels contrived. Perhaps the writers hadn't come up with a solid character-driven story before they were up against a deadline. As a result we get this circumstance-driven drama that depends upon our pre-existing knowledge of and affection for the characters to get our attention. Had this story been about unknown characters, I doubt it would have much real interest at all.<br /><br />There is also a strange sense that Cranford is a set, rather than a town, in this sequel. It feels less populated, somehow, and the costumes and rooms less detailed.  Perhaps because of the way it was filmed? They must have reused the same costumes and sets as the original film, but this production does look subtly different. More like t.v. and less like cinema.<br /><br />Mattie's brother, Peter, is played by a different actor, which is distracting. There was something so remarkable, sort of ethereal, about the first Peter's physical appearancethat it's dissapointing to see him played by this different actor.  The character adds very little to the story here, other than comic antics, so it's puzzling why Peter was included, if the original actor was apparently unavailable, especially since others are so pointedly missing. In fact, I wondered if the producers did a roll-call of who would be available for filming before the writers got to work on the screenplay, some of the omissions are so arbitrary.<br /><br />Lady Ludlow's son, the contemptible Septimus, appears onscreen finally and his story begins to develop, only to trail off. We never find out how his shenanigans turn out, despite the fact that they have a crucial bearing on the outcomes of several other characters.<br /><br />None of this means that I consider \\"Return to Cranford\\" a dismal failure. Not at all. For one thing, look at what it must be compared to. What sequel wouldn't suffer by comparison? I expected some notching-down of the quality when I ordered it, and intended to enjoy visiting with these characters again, anyway. And I did enjoy it. Although I have to say that, hokey a plot twist as it was, if Harry Gregson hadn't fogged up that mirror, I was prepared to be VERY dissapointed in the writers at that point! Enough bumping off of great characters, already!<br /><br />The actors, as always, were their superb selves.  The performances are as satisfying as they could be with that screenplay. Good enough, in fact, to distract from the lackluster story.<br /><br />If you're expecting to relive \\"Cranford\\" in all it's glory, don't. If you're prepared to enjoy some very fine t.v.-grade writing and production values, and revel in spending time with the beloved \\"Cranford\\" dames, then by all means, get yourself a copy of \\"Return to Cranford\\".  I'm keeping mine.
0307593525|5.0|Most people get cook books, only to fill their cook-book shelves. My wife, fortunately, actually seeks out recipes and makes food items. So far, everything she has made from the Child books has been great! What more could I ask for!
B001ILFUD2|3.0|Loosely based upon the novel \\"Oliver Twist\\" by Charles Dickens, this Disney movie scampers after the adventures of a stray kitten- Oliver- as he meets a pack of friendly mutts and weaves through the wild New York city, going through danger and heart-wrenching situations to find the girl he came to love as his owner.    I re-watched \\"Oliver and Company\\" just for an old kick, as I hadn't watched it in some time, and I was surprised by how much of the old greatness had worn off from this movie. The animation is still fresh and well-done, and I can't say the acting is bad, because it's fine. Sure, maybe the plot is lacking, and the characters aren't as enjoyable as previous ones, but just about all the aspects of this movie are fine. Yet this movie just feels different.    After a few movie failures dotting the time-line of the 1970s and 80s for Disney, I feel that they simply lost a bit of heart. They were no longer the warm, fuzzy animators who presented us with movies like Lady and the Tramp, Snow White, and other earlier Disney movies. They were disappointed people, and I think this took a toll on some of their movies- including this one. This movie is a whole lot darker; not quite as bad as The Black Cauldron, yet it's featured in New York, and has got violence, smoking, a strange, almost frightening ending, and an array of poor, dirty animals brought up by a homeless bum.    Yeah... not the best plot for a Disney movie.    And yet... this movie is not really a failure. It's got some better scenes that desperately aim to make up for the less-impressing ones, and a couple foot-tapping songs, following along in the classic Disney format of a musical animated movie, and I suppose some parts can be called touching. If you call cliche happy parts and singing birds touching, that is.    So really, this is not the kind of Disney movie that deserves to be up on the shelf along with \\"Lion King\\" or \\"The Little Mermaid\\"; more like a movie you rent for free, then wait a few years, and buy it at a yard sale for ten bucks. I just don't feel like it's completely worth twenty dollars, though it is certainly worth a watch.
B000065KH4|5.0|I received the order very quickly, and in great condition.  I was pleased with the price.  The film is wonderful.
B00005NB8K|3.0|The Bottom Line:    Oliver Stone's massive biopic of Jim Morrison is ambitious, by turns fascinating and repellent, engaging and dreadfully dull, effortlessly stylish and maddeningly pretentious, and ultimately hard to recommend--just like The Doors themselves.    2.5/4
0143116738|5.0|I got this book after hearing Ken Robinson's TED talk on the same subject.  This book is an often poignant and quite powerful tool for understanding how to align your natural aptitude for something, your learning style and your passions in life and turning that all into a direction for lifestyle and career building.  This is done with a very personable yet knowledgeable writing style.  I am now using this book as a text for a high school psychology  course on \\"creativity and your future\\".  It's usefulness goes far beyond high school, however.  I have also recommended it to my psychotherapy clients who are dissatisfied with their careers or their work/life balance.  It can spark great conversation and insight leading to significant change.  I am so glad that it is now out in paperback and thus  more available to a wider audience.
B002PMV9FG|4.0|The Bottom Line:    Director Yates and screenwriter Kloves have taken one of the more trivial of the entries in Rowling's book series and turned it into one of the better films, with a fairly deft hand at comedy and action alike; though obviously large chunks of the book were excised in the transition to screen, the film version of the Half-Blood Prince transfers the essence of Rowling's work to the screen with grace, eliciting few complaints from this fan of the book.      3/4
B000AGTPUU|5.0|Hi:  I bought this movie for my 7 years old son. He loves the movie, because he is crazy about trains. The story is great and is a piece of art. I really recomended it.
0385333846|5.0|Fantastic! I've read everything this man ever published and have never been disappointed. What a great mind!    [[ASIN:0385333846 Slaughterhouse-Five: A Novel]]
B000000OR9|5.0|Pure MAGIC.This is one of my most favorite rock cds of ALL time. John Sykes is a MONSTER!!!! I like his vox much better than Coverdale,and the guitar on this disc is jaw dropping! Great songs+great players=Timeless Music. As a lifelong musician I am just thankful I know about this one. I wore out the cassette I originally had... Talk about bringing it...this is one of the GREATEST power trios EVER. Appice and Franklin are grooving deeper than the Titanic. Guitar? This is how you play rhythm kids..   You want to hear great solos?...Well here they are and Guitargasm is my descriptor for them. John Sykes need not take a back seat to anyone,too bad he's not received the accolades that are due him. It's also patently obvious that he was the creative and artistic force behind Whitesnakes' success. How many good albums have they had since? Zippo. I wish this band [and lineup] would do another cd,with a tour!
0312360258|5.0|All I can say is AWESOME ! I am on the 4th book of this series and I love them. I simply can't put them down. Right now I am anxiously awaiting my friend to finish the next one so I can get my hands on it. So many twists and turns and unexpected events it keeps you turning pages until you get to the end. Get them and get started.
0743298039|5.0|There is nothing else to say.  Alluring, haunting and enchanting \\"The Thirteenth Tale\\" is a must read for any bibliophile.
B000002MU3|4.0|Monster being Rem's 9th studio album and 1994 release and the sound is alternative rock and is very good release.  This is not simple radio friendly music but a bit more demanding. Rolling Stone gave the album 4.5/5 and Allmusic 2.5/5. I am in between a give it a 4. The best tracks on this release are \\"What's The Frequency, Kenneth\\" and \\"Crush With Eyeliner\\". 4/5.
B002ZG997C|1.0|The dialogue in the film feels like it was all written in under 5 minutes.  The plot is so bare bones that it could have (and should have) been a 10 or 15 minute short film.  The twist is at first shocking and satisfying...but soon fades to \\"...so what?\\"    I give one star to films I wish I would have walked out of, and this certainly fits the bill.  I started checking my watch about 40 minutes into the movie, and continued to do so every 5 minutes.  It's just not enough entertainment, plain and simple.
B001QOGYFY|2.0|2 of 5 stars for the suspense movie Whiteout. This is a very odd movie. After watching the movie and the behind-the-scenes materials I was left with two words: \\"Just Because\\". When I was a kid and was asked why something happened, I'd answer \\"Just Because\\". The movie opens with a flight over Antarctica by a Russian crew in 1957. They appear to have a special cargo and the flight crashes. At the end, when you learn of the cargo, just say \\"Just Because\\". In modern times, we have the arrival of a US Marshal assigned to the US base in Antarctica. Why? \\"Just Because\\". The movie morphs into a suspense movie with people who get killed by a masked person with an ice axe. Why? J.B. We learn a bit about the lady Marshal but none of it appears to help the plot. Why waste our time? J.B. We eventually tie together the Russian cargo with the murders and are left with the feeling \\"Who Cares\\". The whole movie is set against the coming winter in Antarctica which often has \\"Whiteout\\" conditions. Why set in Antarctica? Just Because. In the behind the scenes, we learn this movie was adapted from a \\"Graphic Novel\\" (comic book) which explains why the plot seems weak. Listening to those who made the movie, they wanted to combine their idea of the lady marshal and the conditions in Antarctica. Now you see why I think the whole movie is lashed-together with \\"Just Because\\".<br /><br />The bright spot in this movie was Kate Beckinsale and also the location filming in northern Canada. Tough conditions to make a movie. Too bad it didn't have a better payload for the viewer. So, to be clear, a well made movie with good acting and production values. The weakness was the story that hung-together with magic \\"Just Because\\" glue. As a suspense thriller, it was fair. Frankly, I would not recommend this movie.
0312370849|5.0|Heartbreaking and wonderful! I have suggested this book to several friends, all of which couldn't put it down!
B002EWD0I6|3.0|I so looked forward to receiving these in the mail after watching the Elizabeth Gaskell BBC videos, but these are not near as compelling.  I have watched 3 episodes and find them much like the Little House on the Prairie series. Self contained hour long short stories w/ the same characters. Perhaps this is due to the authors material, which I can not say, having not read them. But, they are merely a diversion, not a \\"I could watch that one again\\" or \\"I want to share this one with my friends\\" type show. Too bad as I recognise so many of the same fine actors from the Gaskell series...
B0013RV3PK|1.0|When you buy a public domain book, all you really want is a well-formatted edition.  This isn't it.  The left margin is wider than the right margin. Kindle formatting isn't hard; why can't public domain publishers get it right!
B002IYEQR4|5.0|I don´t really know what to say, but, it´s a fantastic movie with memorable characters and really cool scenes.  This is not the normal child-friendly super hero-movie, it´s pretty violent, but still beutiful.    The Ultimate Cut is really worth it´s price. With the extended version, the motion comic and bonus disc, you get many hours of movie per dollar.
B002XTBEDI|5.0|If you have read the book, then you may be more pleased with \\"Return to Cranford\\" than \\"Cranford.\\"  I simply adore the book, and I read it whenever I want to visit the ladies at Cranford so that is usually once a year.  That leads me to say Cranford pt 1 was a disappointment because some of the best scenes from the book were omitted (but delightfully included in pt 2.) And even more frustrating; those scenes were replaced with characters and story lines from Elizabeth Gaskell's other books.  The day after \\"Return to Cranford\\" aired on PBS I was anxiously awaiting my mail delivery to see if it arrived and I watched it again as soon as I could get the wrapper off!!  All of the actors in this movie are superb, the writing is well done and this dvd deserves a place on your shelf next to \\"Wives and Daughters,\\" \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" and \\"The Way We Live Now.\\"
B000H6SXMY|5.0|Friends has been off the air for quite a while now, but watching the Complete Series makes it almost seem like its just on a really long hiatus instead of being over. Picking up this set is a great way to feel like you're watching the show for the first time. This is a must-have for any fan of the show.
B001HN69AE|1.0|basically they decided to make an extremely generic version of the show. the only similarity between the show and the movie is the names. if they were going to make a dragon ball movie the enemy has to be either the red ribbon army or pilaf, not piccolo. dragon ball is my favorite cartoon of all times, and i cried within the first ten minutes. if you  are a parent and your child likes dragon ball DO NOT BUY THIS MOVE. buy either[[ASIN:B002KPINF2 Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Box One]][[ASIN:B002Y0KR7A Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Box Two]][[ASIN:B002FOQXTQ Dragon Ball: Season One]][[ASIN:B002KPINEI Dragon Ball: Season Two]][[ASIN:B002Y0KR70 Dragon Ball: Season Three]] i hoped my review helped.
B00280LYHS|5.0|this is the best group of books ever i jus cling to the seat and i read all of the books in just two weeks im 10 so go figure
B002IPG400|1.0|Contrary to another review, this book is not property formatted for Kindle.  Although it has a table of contents, the table of contents is not properly coded to show up when you press the menu key.  When you press the menu key the Table of Contents line is grayed out and not usable.  It is very simple to code a table of contents so that it is linked to the Table of Contents line in the menu, but the publisher of this edition did not do that.     For an explanation of how to do this, see Kindle Formatting by Joshua Tallent.  Until this is fixed, spend your buck elsewhere.
B000SIBH06|5.0|I've not read any Jodi Picoult.After the New York Times devoted an article to her in the Magazine, I was interested.  \\"My Sister's Keeper\\" was mentioned, and the plot sketched in.I was indeed interested.I came straight to Amazon and found it.Used, it was amazingly cheap.  The book was very,  intrequing, presenting a moral dilemna, and a surprise ending! Jodi Picoult writes wonderfully.  I was happy.  Thank you, Amazon.You're teriffic!  The bookseller was wonderful, efficient and quick, too.
0307588335|5.0|ordered this book the evening before Christmas Eve, shipped ground. Did not expect it to arrive, but there it was on Christmas Eve morning! Excellent condition, fast service. Will use them again in a heartbeat.
B000E41MS6|4.0|4.4 stars<br /><br />I am no DW fanatic; I saw plenty of the old ones as a kid on BBC, and enjoyed them in the same way I liked Trek: very interesting ideas married to laughable special effects. But I never went out of my way to watch them. So when I saw this set at my library, I picked it up expecting to watch a couple episodes and maybe have a good laugh.<br /><br />Instead, I found one of the best tv series, sci fi or otherwise, I've seen since Deadwood, Arrested Development and The Sopranos. The scripts are tight, the concepts often very clever and even politically relevant, and both the principals quite engaging. I truly like Ecclestone in this role, even more than Baker. He underplays it wisely, and his interplay with the quite lovely Piper is much more advanced than in the old series.<br /><br />The first episode is very fine indeed, and pulled me in immediately. Davis is an excellent director and writer as well; his set-ups are tight, the camera work inventive and playful, and in general this is just top quality stuff, recommended even for those not in love with the genre. Davis grasps the inherent silliness of the series' premise, and plays to it with much daffy humor, but also recognizes the potential for making statements about modern-day Britain, and gets off some good ones.<br /><br />The extras are excellent; plenty of them, and most are well done. Exemplary, in fact.<br /><br />But, the price is waaay too high. This should go for 35 or 40, not 65, but I guess they know they have a captive market; Whovians are second only to Trekkies in fanaticism, and have no doubt happily bought this set in droves. Still, it's overpriced. Sure am glad my library has such a great catalog!<br /><br />All in all, an excellent introduction of the Doctor to the 21st century.
B00260HH3K|1.0|basically they decided to make an extremely generic version of the show. the only similarity between the show and the movie is the names. if they were going to make a dragon ball movie the enemy has to be either the red ribbon army or pilaf, not piccolo. dragon ball is my favorite cartoon of all times, and i cried within the first ten minutes. if you  are a parent and your child likes dragon ball DO NOT BUY THIS MOVE. buy either[[ASIN:B002KPINF2 Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Box One]][[ASIN:B002Y0KR7A Dragon Ball Z: Dragon Box Two]][[ASIN:B002FOQXTQ Dragon Ball: Season One]][[ASIN:B002KPINEI Dragon Ball: Season Two]][[ASIN:B002Y0KR70 Dragon Ball: Season Three]] i hoped my review helped.
1401323820|5.0|I love the tv series and the book is just as much fun.      Love it !!!
0451228731|4.0|Daemon is the story of a super-rich software developer, Matthew Sobel, who is also an evil genius.  Sobel sets up an incredibly complex plan using software daemons which are activated upon his death.  The purpose of this plan is a bit unclear for most of the book but it becomes clear at the end.    Daemon is a very good if somewhat flawed book.  The beginning is very strong and keeps the pages turning (or refreshing in my case). I found the middle portion to be a bit slow.  The ending is both good and bad.  Some elements are a bit too unbelievable in a book whose believability was one of its strongest points.  At the same time there is some satisfaction in the ending and it sets up...no...demands a sequel.  I for one will definately get the sequel.
B0026OE2O8|5.0|Home its one of the most \\"powerful\\" documentaries i ve ever seen...With the beautiful musical score and the stunning aerial photography (you should see it on blu-ray - glorious high definition, you cannot imagine it by watching it on dvd) it hypnotizes you for 2 hours..its gripping stuff!!It trully capticates you and make much more concerned about earth and its future...our future...Also a very good narration by Glenn Close...    When i watched PLANET EARTH, i didnt expect to see images like that again...but when i watched Home, i found out i was wrong...9/10
B002RV01Q8|5.0|To all Enya fans ,this is a very worthwhile addition to your collection, it also gives you a little history on Enya and her writers etc; all in all a very nicely put together DVD, well worth the money.
B002H3F7F6|1.0|As a Police and longtime Sting fan, this is like getting a colonoscopy while doing your taxes. It's just AWFUL. Stay away at all costs. An immense disapointment from the once brilliant mind who did \\"So Lonely;\\" \\"Why Should I Cry For You?;\\" and \\"Message In A Bottle\\" comes this cacaphony of nonsense. Many have argued that Sting just wasn't as good solo as he was with Copeland and Summers, but there's one thing that isn't arguable -- this is Sting at his worst. He sounds like a drunk sailor trying to sing English folk songs while humping someone's leg.     Buy Enya's winter album instead.
0810970686|5.0|My sons have read all of the Wimpy Kid books in the series and they loved each one.  I wondered WHY do they love them so much, so I picked one up and read to page 95 without wanting to put it down...hilarious! And so REAL, I mean it is so easy to relate to.  I actually laughed out loud once too.  I say anything appropriate that makes kids, especially BOYS, want to voraciously READ is worth the money.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|I got this because i hated the original triggers on the PS3 controllers but i didn't expect to love them so much. Now i really cant play any games without these triggers. they are especially good for Racing and Shooter games but it works for almost every game.
B0025KVLTW|5.0|\\"Magical Mystery Tour\\", probably the Beatles' most psychedelic album, was released in late 1967 - the same year as the legendary \\"Sgt Pepper's\\". The music was written for a 50 minutes TV-film about a magical but-trip, which was shown on BBC in December 1967. Actually it was not meant  a real album release, and in England and most of Europe the music was originally released on a double EP, but since this format was declining in the U.S., the music was released as an album, with an addition of 5 single-tracks previously released in the course of 1967.<br /><br />This release was a huge success and the album has gone down in history as one of the group's core albums.<br /><br />Logically, the music is similar to both \\"Sgt Pepper's\\" and the \\"Yellow Submarine\\" soundtrack, with some recordings made simultaneously. McCartney, who was the main man behind the idea of TV-movie, contribute here with some of his best songs.<br /><br />\\"Fool on the Hill\\" and \\"Penny Lane\\" are both lyrically and musically some of the finest on his part. Also his \\"retro-song\\"  \\"Your Mother Should Know\\" is quite charming.  Interesting too, that The Kinks also around this time, made a horn arrangement for one of their songs;  \\"Dead End Street\\", which was actually released before \\"Penny Lane\\".<br /><br />The title track \\"Magical Mystery Tour\\" is the perfect opening number with its optimistic catchy melody and fine vocals from Lennon and McCartney. The reason that the album appear quite psychedelic is mainly due to the Lennon and Harrison contributions. There are lots of musical experimentation in both \\"Strawberry Fields Forever\\" and \\"I Am the Walrus\\" - while the lyrics opens for broad interpretation. Both numbers are also among Lennon's best from this period. Harrison was very inspired by oriental music at this time, which clearly shows on \\"Blue Jay Way\\" and \\"Flying\\" - the latter is in reality a 12-bar blues and basically not very interesting. \\"Blue Jay Way\\" is not the worst from Harrison in in this genre, but not the best either.<br /><br />\\"Hello Goodbye\\" and \\"All You Need Is Love\\" were two great singles this year, and especially \\"All You Need Is Love\\" was  one of the big songs in the 1967 'summer of love'.  \\"Hello Goodbye\\" is the musically a great recording, but lyrically it may seem a bit silly.<br /><br />\\"Baby You're a Rich\\" contributes to the overall psychedelic impression, and it is actually quite a nice number, though the chorus may not quite reach the ususal standards of the band.<br /><br />In any rate, the album is another gem in the Beatles catalogue..     \\"Hello Goodbye\\" and \\"All You Need Is Love\\" were two great singles this year, and especially \\"All You Need Is Love\\" was  one of the big songs in the 1967 'summer of love'.  \\"Hello Goodbye\\" is the musically a great recording, but lyrically it may seem a bit silly.     \\"Baby You're a Rich\\" contributes to the overall psychedelic impression, and it is actually quite a nice number, though the chorus may not quite reach the ususal standards of the band.     In any rate, the album is another gem in the Beatles catalogue.
B0031Q0XCA|4.0|In our country (U.S.) we always expect movies to begin and end in a certain way.  What makes this movie is the fact that it ventures away from these expectations to leave us wondering why or what if.  If you're looking for an interesting movie, I think this is a good one to pick.  It has funny moments, sad moments, and awkward moments.  Everything all rolled into one and it moves along pretty quick.<br /><br />Definitely recommended....
B000VDDWDS|4.0|Based on author Patrick O'Brian's series of books, set during the Napoleonic Wars. It tells of the story of the H.M.S. Surprise and it's Captain, \\"Lucky\\" Jack Aubrey. The movie is an excellent adventure on the high seas but could have been epic. The movie picks up in the middle of the ocean with a preface of the ship's orders. From there they're suddenly attacked by a superior enemy. When the ship and crew are badly injured, Aubrey is torn between duty and friendship as he pursues a dangerous chase across oceans, to capture his enemy.  The movie's acting and historical accuracy are it's strongest points. Crowe and Bettany are a joy to watch play off each other. The action and cinematography are amazing as well. It could easily get 5 stars but it just feels like there was more story to tell. This movie belongs in any collector's library.<br /><br />NOW FOR MY BLU-RAY THOUGHTS: Amazing picture and fantastic audio make this a blu-ray winner. The movie is shot mostly in dark and fog so it is tough to say this is a DEMO DISC, but those who know will see how beautiful it is. The special features from the collector's edition are nowhere to be found and is the only drawback. FINAL VERDICT: Keep the collector's edition you bought but DEFINITELY UPGRADE!
B000050HTO|2.0|Bob Dylan is an American icon. No, let me rephrase that. Dylan is not just an American icon, he's a world icon. His contribution to music is amazing, and he is by a long shot my favorite performer. He is the greatest songwriter to ever live, bar none.    And that's why 'The Essential Bob Dylan' is incredibly misleading and if you are a longtime, die-hard fan, completely unnecessary. Read on for further details.    First off, two discs just isn't gonna cut it. Sure, it's got several essentials, but Dylan's career is one of those that's nearly impossible to summarize without a box set or concept theme behind the compilation. But 'The Essential' tries -- and hard, at that -- to anthologize Dylan on two discs.     And it fails. Miserably. Dylan cannot simply be represented by two discs. It's impossible. It's missing classics, like 'Idiot Wind,' 'Buckets of Rain,' 'Changing of the Guards,' and 'One Too Many Mornings,' among countless others. What's represented is all entirely worthy of a million stars, but it's not essential. More like a 'Bob Dylan Collection.'    First, why is Dylan's '80s career BASICALLY UNREPRESENTED? Only 'Jokerman,' from his 1983 album 'Infidels,' and 'Silvio,' from 1988's 'Down in the Groove' get representation here. That means, no 'The Groom's Still Waiting At The Altar,' 'Every Grain of Sand,' 'Joey,' 'Series of Dreams' or 'Dignity' are here, among countless others. In my opinion (though many people disagree) some of Dylan's best work came in the 1980s. To this collection, Dylan in the 1980s barely existed, if at all. What a shame.    Alright, I've critcized this disc enough. Now to some positives. What's here is great. 'Don't Think Twice, It's All Right' rarely gets radio play or attention, and is certainly an obscurity. It's nice to see 'The Essential' give it the representation it deserves. The disc also contains 'Maggie's Farm,' 'It Ain't Me Babe,' 'Just Like a Woman,' 'Mr. Tambourine Man,' 'I Shall Be Released,' and perhaps the best protestsong Dylan ever wrote, 1975's 'Hurricane' all get representation here.     Overall, 'The Essential Bob Dylan' is hardly essential, but it's a good entry point I guess for the new Dylan fan, and it's an alright sampler for a casual fan who doesn't plan on digging deep into Dylan's catalogue. But otherwise, I can't recommend this. It's a classic case of Columbia, Dylan's label, trying to milk Dylan's name for money, and is nothing but a cash cow. What a shame. This could have been a really great collection, but instead, it was another wasted opportunity.    Two stars for the music (which is all worthy of million stars), but still, it's not worthy of your time and money unless you are an easily-pleased casual Dylan fan.    NOT RECOMMENDED.
B001GM28HO|4.0|People. Your illustrious Seer (the beloved one (not gloved one)) took time off recently from the arduous task of saving the world, to finally reconnect with my spirit guides. Marshy (who looks a lot like Lady Gaga) was off in Monaco someplace. My how that girl loves to party! However, Guido, my spirit guide who is the Romeo of the dance clubs, invited me, yet again, to his old club haunt, The Fishnet, in New York City. I informed him how drab life had become and that I needed an uplift, especially after filling in for Santa this year. \\"Don't you worry Metamorpho\\", he spoke over his cell phone, \\"just meet me there. Ol' Guido never disappoints\\". I was leary. Ever since his bit part in \\"Saturday Night Fever\\" (he was the second from left club member egging Tony on in that famous dance scene), things have never been the same. However, I needed an uplift, so I met him there.<br /><br />I must admit that I thought I'd look out of place with my seer's thermalite gown (and wizard's hat) on. However, I needn't not worry. In this modern day, a go-go America, nobody cares about how you look. That is, providing you don't try to board an airplane. I am, as you know by now, spared that embarassment with my motorized magic carpet.<br /><br />Anyway, the music was playing and there were lots of people on the dance floor. I ordered my usual martini with brandy chaser, and watched Guido as he worked the floor for an available love interest. He always connects. I, on the other hand, always look for a nice Seeress, but winds up with an old Wiccan who looks like Susan Boyle instead. \\"Sigh\\"<br /><br />But, getting to the music. I sat there amazed. What was this they're playing? Was it Madonna? No, it's different somehow. It's got energy. It moves. It snakes into your brain. It spirals around your head and jogs your senses like 3 Red Bulls with Vodka (that's an \\"in\\" joke that's not so \\"in\\" anymore). But, if you made it this far, it was my introduction to the world of Lady Gaga.<br /><br />How can I explain this music to you, that it will make sense? I am a firm believer that the music scene eventually gets stale after awhile. I mean, these days, it's especially hard to find an artist that can hit on elements that will carry them beyond just this years flavor and will not disappear before long. Lady Gaga. here, has enough vitality and creativity to last her a long time. Mind you, this music is not to nourish you with great insight and teach you how to solve a Rubik's cube. But, the point is, it's not supposed to. That really is the key to enjoying this. It's a sensory experience. But such a pleasurable one.<br /><br />This is no bubble-headed unfocused proffering. No. Lady Gaga has done her homework people. All sorts of genres of popular dance music over the past decades have been studied. She mixes some beats of the 70's, electronica of the 80's and rap-hip-hop of the 90's and beyond in a Waring Blender and pours jello shots for your consumption consideration. And then the beeps and blurps bombard you and move in a circle around your ears creating a buffer from depressing reality. (Praise you Lady Gaga). It's dance rock, it's groove approved, it's hooked inspired. Speaking of hooks, I see Guido reeling one in as we speak.<br /><br />And what about the lyrics? Well, of course sex (a woman's power for sure)as evident in \\"PokerFace\\" (clever play on words there Gaga!). But it's raw, cutting edge, zest for life. She's about partying. She's about having fun. Also about what she wants or doesn't want in a relationship. Mind you, these are not considerations to a scientist that solves global warming (he probably gets out less than I do at this point). But it is valid if you want to dance and have fun. Caution: Extremely infectous!<br /><br />I must admit, I am a very sedate Seer and the most exercise I get is a yawn or two. But, Gaga's music made me get out there and fly around the dancefloor. (Well, the drinks helped too). In closing, an amazing aural experience that never lets up - from start to finish. With her outer worldly apparel, her talent, and her art of turning the mudane into an imaginative experience, Gaga is herehere to staystay.<br />She's innovative and talented enough to be around for a long, long time.<br /><br />I gave this 4 1/2 stars. Not a classic, but damn close. I subtracted 1/2 point for some girl's highheel damaging Metamorpho's toe while on the dancefloor. Plus, I believe in room for growth, which she will most certainly do.<br />Now, I must leave. That Wiccan woman is making eyes at me and coming this way!<br /><br />Got my dirty headphones with the left side on -- Metamorpho ;)her outer worldly apparel, her talent, and her art of turning the mudane into an imaginative experience, Gaga is herehere to staystay.  She's innovative and talented enough to be around for a long, long time.    I gave this 4 1/2 stars. Not a classic, but damn close. I subtracted 1/2 point for some girl's highheel damaging Metamorpho's toe while on the dancefloor. Plus, I believe in room for growth, which she will most certainly do.  Now, I must leave. That Wiccan woman is making eyes at me and coming this way!    Got my dirty headphones with the left side on -- Metamorpho ;)
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|First a little background, I got Dexter season 1 for my birthday in December of '09.  I hadn't seen any episodes but the premise seemed intriguing and I had heard some good things from a few relatives (although that's usually more of a warning sign than anything good).  Anyways, I haven't seen season 2 and I just finished watching all of season 1, so you get an opinion solely based on if season 1 was a \\"keeper\\" in my opinion.      Yes, Dexter lived up to the hype.  Obviously, it's about a serial killer with a code who feeds his \\"monster\\" by slaughtering other folks who are up to no good.  Dexter, played by Michael C. Hall is the most interesting character ive seen in a long time.  You want to know what he's thinking (and he often narrates exactly that) and you want him on the screen at all times.  He is the reason to watch.  The writing was good enough to support his acting and I really got a kick out of the Miami Nights themed soundtrack.  It also has it's retinue of former Oz players (some good and some mediocre) but this show clearly has a lot of depth and I won't be surprised if this series gets even better as time goes on.  Dexter's girlfriend played by Julie Benz could have been an annoying character (she is almost cloyingly sweet), but she is not!  I don't know if any other actress could have pulled it off and been as likeable.  All the kids are adorable too, including young Dexter.    My only minor quibble is that Dexter's sister may be the most annoying character I've suffered through since the lady that played Dr. Lewis' sister on ER (I think she plays Luke's brother on my wife's favorite show Gilmore Girls as well.)  As annoying as Dexters sister is, she is equally unattractive which wouldnt be a problem except that I think we are meant to believe that she is \\"hot\\".  She seems out of place with the rest of the folks on this show when it comes to acting ability...Almost distracting.     I think anyone would like this show if they can get through the gory stuff which is really not all that bad.  Heck, my mom even watches this show and she fast forwards everything she watches...Enjoy!
5559477621|5.0|We purchased this original 1947 movie of Miracle on 34th Street because I had lost the copy I taped years ago. We also have the 1994 re-make of this movie which my wife had never seen. We watched the newer version first then waited one day and watched the 1947 original. Now don't get me wrong, the newer movie is not without merit and is truly a quality film also. Even the fact that the original is in black & white makes no difference whatsoever. It is truly the superior film. The details and differences in the storyline, the acting and the magic are simply just more endearing. The original is just plain better and will never be improved upon. This is usually true for most all re-makes; not all of course but most. One example of a re-make that is at least just as good as the original is the Marlo Thomas 1977 version of the Jimmy Stewart classic \\"It's a Wonderful Life\\". Marlo's version is titled \\"It Happened One Christmas\\". Marlo plays the Jimmy Stewart character and is \\"Mary\\" Bailey this time. Great film; as good [or better?]. You'll have to decide for yourself.  T'care  Mike
B002QE3CTY|5.0|I have read some great books... but this book is by far the best!  It kept me occupied from 12:00 P.M. to 2:00 with suprising findings that all seem to piece together... in conclusion... amazing book
B000WZB944|1.0|Back in '83 when we were wailing War over and over again in our dorm rooms and busy making party mix tapes featuring I Will Follow who would have thought U2 would ultimately turn into a massive marketing machine for remixed, remastered, and repackaged media product? Well in the scheme of things I suppose this is fine since millions seem to love it and a goodly chunk of the proceeds are presumably funneled off to Africa's needy.  Between the merit of the product itself on the one hand and the prodigious effort and endless hype on the other, there is however, a colossal mis-match. There are 3 straight-forward reasons for this: 1) generally remasters are not worth it (unless maybe, and that is just maybe, you have some pricey high end audio system or the production on the original release was utter rubbish), 2) U2 only has a very small handful of decent b-sides and 3) U2 is a terrible covers band.        So if you would love to have U2's essential albums and help the needy here is some sound advice: log into Amazon and order up used copies of the original issues of Boy, October, War, Under a Blood Red Sky, The Unforgettable Fire and The Joshua Tree used for pennies a piece plus $2.98 each for S&H.  In fact the real beauty of U2's reissue mania is precisely that you can now acquire all of their original issue studio albums on perfectly good quality CD for a vanishingly small sum of money. Now by not buying all of this other unnecessary stuff even a portion of what you have saved would make a respectable and much appreciated donation to your favorite charity.
0688145078|5.0|This book gets a lot right.  It smartly fosters a sense of pride in becoming an older sibling.  It stresses that newborns aren't capable of walking, talking, or playing.  It emphasizes they mostly sleep, feed, and cry.  I like that it suggests older siblings ask a parent before handling a baby.  Just be aware that it doesn't show breastfeeding - only bottle-feeding.  Not a problem if you don't intend to nurse, but if you are going to breastfeed a better resource might be Annie Kubler's \\"My New Baby.\\"
B002P5XXR0|5.0|Alright, first let me say that this review may be somewhat biased, as I adored the film, and couldn't wait to run out and get the Soundtrack when the credits rolled. And man oh man did I get my money's worth! This soundtrack does such a fantastic job of throwing you back into the best scenes of the movie, from Jake Sully first running in his avatar in the inspiring \\"Jake Enters his Avatar World\\" to the Na'vi warriors traversing the Halleluja Mountains on a Rite of Passage in the breathtakingly majestic \\"Climbing Up 'Iknimaya' - Path to Heaven\\". Every track has something to offer, each with a character of its own. There are touching and emotional tracks, as well as epic bombastic ones (The 11 minute \\"War\\" comes to mind). And of course there is the fitting gem to top it off - \\"I See You\\" by Leona Lewis, which really does a beautiful job of bringing the film, and soundtrack, to a gentle, but powerful close. I have yet to encounter such a Soundtrack in which I love every track equally as much, and never tire of listening to. I admit to having a poor background when it comes to good movie scores, but the fact that this beats some of my favorite Beatles albums shows its no slouch. While I wish I could better articulate my praise for this Soundtrack, I hope I've gotten across my point that its some damned good listenin'.
B001C09KD0|3.0|It was a cheap deal but the book had been written in and highlighted and I would have appreciated knowing that and would have paid more for one that was not written in.
B00000JLWW|5.0|The dvd, Titanic, arrived just a few days after my purchase.  I am absolute delighted with it.  Great movie, great purchase.
B0002KVUKM|1.0|Van Helsing was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. Not to mention being a huge disappointment, as I was really looking forward to seeing it. I expected a dark, serious movie, not a \\"fun\\" and insanely cheesy kids movie. It was so bad they didn't even bother to make a sequel (guess you don't know everything, amazon reviewer guy).    I think my issues with this movie could be summed up easily enough by the fact that this is supposedly a VAMPIRE movie, yet there isn't a single drop of blood in the entire film.
B000NIVJHM|5.0|Fans of \\"Dirty Dancing\\" seem to get hooked on it, and if you're like me, there's no such thing as watching it too many times.  There's a reason why this sleeper took off, and has remained a staple in the coming-of-age genre since its release.    This film remains my personal favorite, and the 20th Anniversary Edition has it all in terms of what was going on behind the scenes, screen tests, different versions of some of the scenes, some with additional footage that was edited out, as well as scenes that were not included in the film.  The extra information on this edition highlights what it took to come up with the final version of the film, and watching the extra footage enhances our understanding of the characters we've loved, as well as the story, while showcasing the expertise of the editors in knowing what to leave out.  It's an engaging, entertaining view of what gave us the final version of \\"Dirty Dancing\\" that has endured.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|After living for a number of years in Japan, I found the story to be deeply touching and emotionally fulfilling. Sadly missing many of the Japanese customs, I found myself ignorant of some of their most respectful ones, those in dealing with death and dying. We have much to learn from this movie.
B00278U1W0|3.0|I saw this at a friends house, ready to order it after we listened, but I was disappointed. Performances uninspiring, horribly lit stage and poorly shot. The hand held cameramen must have come from a home for cameramen with Lou Gehrig's disease. The have trouble holding the camera relatively steady (and don't give me that \\"it's shaky cam\\" BS). They also have trouble holding focus (and don't give me that \\"it's artistic\\" BS). But the person who has to be held responsible for this is the director, as it's his call on lighting and he directs the cameramen. It's all an embarassment.  Want to really hear and see these guys perform well, buy the 2007 Eric Clapton Guitar Festival- and ignore the Amazon reviewers comments.
B002BSHXJA|1.0|These CDs are the Holy Grail.<br /><br />This boxed set is worth every penny, and the mixes sound superb, once you get used to how far away they are from the extreme compression of 2009. I've never heard these mono mixes sound better, and they sound exactly like the originals from the 1960s. While the stereo boxed set mixes also sound much better than the 80s CDs, they have compression problems (listen to the cymbals on the stereo \\"Get Back\\" single on the remastered Past Masters disc). The Beatles masters from the 60s were compressed to the hilt; adding another compressor is only going to screw things up.<br /><br />Owning high end equipment doesn't necessarily mean that you are listening with good ears. As an audio engineer, I couldn't believe the one-star reviewer who listed all of his high-end equipment and then said that these discs sounded terrible. They sound great, unless you're only familiar with music released after 2001.<br /><br />And anyone who gives this boxed set one star because of amazon's packing doesn't get what these reviews are for. If this boxed set was shipped by amazon in a bubble pack, that's hardly a reflection on the content.<br /><br />I put this in the \\"one star\\" review section just so you'd read it. Buy this boxed set. You need it desperately. Don't listen to the wackos who are complaining. It's worth every penny.
0307588335|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book. It was very funny, exciting and educational. Especially for a non-professional, this book really treats the sophisticated investment tools in layman's terms. The story-line is very interesting and it really pulls you into the story of Lehman's.
0307593525|5.0|These books are a perfect gift, the recipes are easy to read and after seeing the movie, it makes it just as fun to cook.
0060987464|5.0|Came very quickly! Packaged very well and not a scratch or tear on the book. very happy with my purchase. Will shop Amazon.com again!
B002HWUU2C|4.0|This package is great for those that enjoyed the soundtrack of ONCE because you get a concert DVD which is quite fun to watch as well as the music for it only plus their brand new album all in one. I personally enjoyed the concert because it has mainly ONCE songs but they have different arrangement on most of the songs and energy that wasn't present on the studio ONCE album. You feel like you just experienced something passionate and magical. Highly recommended.
B002QW7ALM|5.0|Great dark creepy film with lots of twists! Slightly off to a slow start, but then it all comes together... In my opinion it's definitely worth seeing/buying if this is your kind of movie. Many people have written in depth reviews, but please stop rating the film for the price on amazon... that messes up the whole point of rating a film (not the price, the 'film').
B002NVTBOU|4.0|Really lovely voice and clever fusion of Latin jazz, plenty of passion in the voice and great backing music.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I purchased this for my boyfriend and son (7) as a Christmas gift.  They have watched bits and pieces of this series at least twice a week since then, even though they have seen the whole thing already.  It is a great alternative for them to watch this instead of the crap on TV.  I feel like my son is learning something, and yet, it is fascinating enough for my boyfriend (and me) to watch over and over again.
0450602907|5.0|This is the second Glenn Mead book I have read.  The author kept my attention throughout the book.  It is impressive how he manages to provide an accurate historical setting with a fictitious cast of characters.  I recommend this exciting book.
B002HFJ77S|5.0|i was very skeptical when i read the description of this book but it turned out to be my favorite sophie kinsella book. the relationship between lara and her great aunt sadie is so hilarious that i laughed out loud more than once. a great and fun read for anyone who likes chick lit.
0743455967|5.0|I've just at this exact moment finished reading this spectacular book. I am planning on giving myself a couple of weeks to let all of the invaluable information the King of Horror so graciously offers sink in, and I will undoubtedly then reread the entire book.<br /><br />I was looking for good books on writing, and this one kept popping up on every list. I was terribly suspicious, as I am technically not a huge King fan, but having said that, I believe I've probably read or seen the adaptation of more than half of his work which is more than I can say for most authors. However, when I pulled the pinkish book from between the metallic, embossed horror paperbacks it was shelved and studied the contrasting images- a frightening cellar surrounding by pansies?, I was sold.<br /><br />The book is split into two sections. The first section, suitably titled, C.V. is just that, a biography. I was initially a bit perplexed at King's point, but that thought was unimportant because the C.V. is interesting. One of my favorite passages King retells is the day he is notified that the paperback rights to Carrie sold for $400,000. In this beginning section King talks about his early life, his marriage, his addictions, his mother and her illness. And, if you're paying close attention, at each stage of his life, he is writing.<br /><br />The second part of the book is priceless for writers. It is inspiring, intoxicating, thrilling and above all completely informative. King breaks through the conventions we are taught in high school and even college, rips them apart and reworks them. For example, he uproots the notion of the muse as a beautiful woman, and turns him into a cigar-smoking, basement dwelling bowling champion with a bag of magic that you ain't gettin' your hands on until you put in the long hours.<br /><br />King also covers dialogue, theme, grammar, description, rewriting and revising, research and so much more. On Writing also includes a postscript detailing King's horrific and near-fatal accident in 1999. Once again, this section is as much about writing and the writing process as it is about the accident and his recovery.<br /><br />This terrific book has made me a maniac about reading and writing. Because, in the end the theme is an inspirational one: You can be a better writer, just read a bunch, write a WHOLE bunch and most importantly, always tell the truth.999. Once again, this section is as much about writing and the writing process as it is about the accident and his recovery.    This terrific book has made me a maniac about reading and writing. Because, in the end the theme is an inspirational one: You can be a better writer, just read a bunch, write a WHOLE bunch and most importantly, always tell the truth.
0767802659|5.0|If you are into cheesy lines and killing bugs!!  Then this is your movie.  I really enjoy watching this movie.  All the spoofs and corny and bug squashing.  I'm doing my part are you?
0618918248|5.0|No matter how the book may be perceived it is a healthy dose of incredulous reason bent towards what is normally considered an \\"out of bounds\\" topic.  I'm always happy when someone as prominent as Dawkins takes the time to reveal that the concepts of religion are pretty officious.  One of the big hopes that I have is that somehow we can continue to undermine the power of groups using the willingness of believers to accept the \\"credibility\\" of religious authority.  Authorities marketing credibility and perception have always been a way to hobble thinking--establishing bases of authority from which to denounce or pronounce whatever they wish without question.  Time for people to at least see that not everyone is buying into that.
1595141979|5.0|I LOVED this novel. This series is great, my husband bought me the first book because I needed a new series, I was unsure from the information on the novel, but with reading it fell in love.   You slip into Rose's life, and with that you live out each novel. I was so engrossed in this novel, I was happy when Rose was, upset when she was, her joy was my joy and her pain was my pain.  After finishing this book I couldn't stop thinking about the events that took place. Rose grows so much in this book. She has been growing in the past books, but Shadow Kiss marks a real change in Rose. She begins to question everything she has believed her whole life, and everything she has been taught.  Best in series so far!!
B002T9H2L0|4.0|Great dialogue, not much action and not as violent as people said it was. What you are getting here is a really good story.
1433203316|4.0|I do a lot of driving so I purchase Audio Cds to keep me entertained.<br />I did enjoy this book.  It wasn't the movie as I thought.  This book is the original.
B002VDB0IK|3.0|This production offers serious Sherlockians relief from several problems that have plagued them for many years.  There are few `Americanisms.'  Most of the actors have proper, if `regional,' British accents and the script is reasonably free of obvious anachronisms.  Locations have a gritty, non-spiffed-up look and many of the characters and extras look like real people, not idealized Victorian stereotypes.    The movie begins during the latter stage of `The Blitz' in December, 1940 London.  An aged Dr. Watson asks his resident nurse to accept a manuscript and additional verbal notes about \\"...his greatest and least known accomplishment.\\"  When the nurse asks \\"Who is he?\\" Watson replies, \\"Sherlock Holmes.\\"    This tale opens in the English Channel, in 1882 with the destruction of an English transport returning \\"The Queen's Shilling\\" from the West Indies.  The actual method of its destruction is one of the unresolved points in the movie.  Various devices are never explained nor are their abilities described in any detail.  In essence, the viewer is shown only the effects, never the means by which those effects are achieved.  If that is satisfying to you, then you will probably enjoy the movie, as will most children.    Eventually, we are introduced to Sherlock's brother, retired Detective Inspector Thorpe Holmes, who was severely injured seven years before in line of duty while pursuing criminals with his then-partner, now-inspector Lestrade.  The story line is hard to follow, but is self-consistent and makes some sense in retrospect.  One must accept that the villain is a scientific genius and his inventions can perform in convincing fashion.    There remain a number of irritating anomalies.  Watson's 1882 office telephone is a 1940's model.  Inspector Lestrade seems to go about armed in contradiction to standard British Police practice.  The actor playing Sherlock (Ben Syder) is two or three inches shorter than the actor playing Dr. Watson (Gareth David-Lloyd).  The`monsters' are all treated as constructs, but no effort is made to detail their capabilities or inner workings.  The whole subject is simply left to the villain's marvelous medical discoveries and techniques.     The final events contain several severe contradictions as regards who is where and how they got there.  Time, distance and locations seem to be ignored in the entire sequence of events leading up to the climax.  Characters are moved around with no concern as to how they traveled from one place to another.  It is possible that there are explanations, but none are offered in the cut I saw.     Reviewed by: Philip K. Jones, January, 2010.
0143036742|3.0|I'm an older man who likes both women and tractors! A book about an old timer who loves tractors and falls for a young blonde who apparently likes him? Hello! Sounds promising me thinks. But now half way through it and wonder if I can stomach finishing it. The book can't seem to make up its mind whether its a comedy or a private memoir for family. But what stands out is so much female mind streaming or prattle between women; brimming with little details that just aren't that important to men - well, men like me anyway. I'll add to this if I complete the book.
B0026S1XD2|5.0|I remember this from my college days, and loved it then.  Most of the others I loved back then have not stood the test of time nearly so well as this one has.  The sound of the bells is so crisp, and yet the overall effect is so mellow.<br /><br />I play it often.
0307346617|5.0|This is a must read zombie novel.   It tells the story of humanity's fight to survive against the zombie hordes.  Max Brooks is the author and he has a masterpiece here.
0307593525|5.0|The recipes have great detail and leave little room for error. It truly is for the servant less American.
B0026P3G12|3.0|I was a little disappointed with this album. Half of the song choices are great and very well preformed. The other half such as \\"Silent Night\\" and \\"How great thou art\\" are ordinary and almost turns the album into a Christmas album.
B002PMV9FG|5.0|\\" ... a year in the life.\\"    What you describe as a tenuous faith shaped the fruits of your labors.  Every tear, every sorrow, things not kind or fair, was given purpose.    Nicely done. Peace be with you.
B001AQMBJQ|5.0|The dvd quality in this set is stunning! I have all the seasons of LOST and have enjoyed watching these before the next season starts. I look forward to buying a complete BluRay set when the series is over. This is one of the best seaons of LOST! I am a big sci-fi fan and time-travel nut.  The time-travel stories in Season 4 with Desmond in The Constant were amazing. In this season the story takes a wild turn and focuses on time travel within the island opening more questions while answering some old ones.
B000068VHP|4.0|As in any other vehicle of expression, the woman in modern pop music was and is pressured to slide into a specific personae: the Neurotic Bad Girl (Amy Winehouse), the Glamorous Sextress (Lady Ga-Ga), the Doe-Eyed Innocent Totally Into Self-Discovery (Britney Spears, if she still counts).  The Dream Girl, She of Ethereal Voice and Airy Lyric, has been around at least since Joan Baez and definitely since record producers and talent seekers recognized Her as an image that sells.  Fortunately for those men--and women--who tend to forget there's more to life than this, a performer appears, rarely, who fills the personae and then grows out of it, shatters it, even, the performer who in doing so not only sells but compels.  Case in point: the Cranberries, fronted by honey-voxed Irish lass Dolores O'Riordan.  Not even O'Riordan escaped the pressure once she went from Performer to Pop Star, but for one album at least O'Riordan and her band put on the Dream Girl suit and left it in pieces.    \\"Everybody Else is Doing It, So Why Can't We?\\" is an album for dark corners on rainy spring days.  It's not quite pop, the Cranberries' music, which harkens back to old country folk and flirts with techno.  \\"Sunday\\" isn't exactly a whispy daydream, and \\"Pretty\\" is still a few steps from noir fantasy.  One thing it is is energetic: saccharine nonetheless, maybe, but if so it's saccharinity with a pulse.  The bass vibrates like few bass lines I've noticed.  The drums thump and crackle and smash, really smash, like waves on the Irish shore (\\"I Still Do\\").  The guitar reverbs, undulates, echoes, and pierces, just like the emotions O'Riordan's trying to convey.  O'Riordan's voice itself goes up and down, dreamy and mad, hurt and in love.  She's more than a pop Dream Girl--she's a dream woman because she's a real woman, a person with vivid dreams, excruciating feelings, and exciting thoughts.  Those that get that will get the most from this album, a dream well worth falling into.  Because thebest dream of all is often the real thing.
0199233381|4.0|It's been pointed out that this book is but a very short introduction to ancient Greece. Judging from its size and title, one can certainly agree. However, the level at which the prose is pitched is much more formal than the usual plain language that is more readily accessible to a broad readership. Also, because of the specifics of the topics discussed and the professional opinions expressed, scholars of ancient history may enjoy this book more than would a general reader who simply wishes to learn a bit of ancient Greek history. Aside from this, the writing style is relatively friendly, quite authoritative, often lively and even occasionally tongue-in-cheek. The book also has a rich and elegant vocabulary - so rich in fact that I occasionally had to re-read various passages with dictionary in hand. In addition, I found several passages to be rather convoluted, usually because of very long-winded sentences. The concept of focussing each chapter on a different ancient Greek city is a good one. However, each such chapter tends to concentrate mainly on a few highlights, issues and key individuals rather than an attempt at an abbreviated and evened-out chronological history aimed at the interested general reader.<br /><br />In short, this book is not what I was expecting and, as a result, I was disappointed. I still gave it four stars because locked between its covers lies quite a bit of fascinating and detailed information. I intend to read it again in the future, but much more slowly.
0307269981|2.0|I was really eager to start this book, and even more eager to finish it.  I had high hopes for this book, having read the first novel in the Millennium Series (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo) by Stieg Larsson, and enjoying it so much.<br />That said, this book was a huge disappointment.  I'm going to review it based on the premise that most readers will have read the first book like I did before taking up this sequel.  What worked so well for the first were the two fascinating characters of Mikael Blomquist and Lisbeth Salander.  They were unusual on their own but as they worked together to solve a mystery they became intriguing.  They solved a complicated problem using common sense, detective skills, some computer hacking, and hard work.  While there was a large cast of assorted lesser characters, it was a great read.<br />The problem with the sequel is that Mikael is virtually non-existent.  He shows up here and there with a role verging on incidental.  Rather the focus is on Lisbeth, and while that might have been interesting to see how she's grown and what she's overcome, it never gets to that.  It discusses her newfound wealth (shopping spree at IKEA, new boobs) and what she does for a few days.  But it never gets into what makes up her personality and why she behaves as she does.  Sure, there's the big mystery of \\"All the Evil\\", but it's foreshadowed so much in the first ¾ of the book that once you found out you really aren't interested anymore.  Further revelations about her were also unsurprising.<br />Besides Lisbeth, there's an enormous amount of new characters as well as repeats from the previous book.  It seems most of the characters are either very, very good or very, very bad.  Not much of a middle ground and none of them become fleshed out enough to seem real. Some were dumbed down caricatures (i.e. the sexist cop, the introspective and troubled captain, the good hearted  and selfless female detective, the bumbling and fame hungry prosecutor).  And the mystery that unfolds has so many subplots that it seems like an especially complex Venn diagram that becomes ridiculous and unbelievable after awhile.  The new characters are intertwined in such a complicated way that normally I would have kept notes on who was who. But at that point, I really didn't care anymore.<br />Another letdown was that none of the puzzles were solved by deduction and clever questions or even thinking outside of the box.  Instead,  Lisbeth basically hacks everyone else's computer to view their research.  And there is not a single scene where Mikael and Lisbeth interact, so the partnership that was so enthralling before doesn't exist anymore.<br />In the first book, everything seemed clever.  But in this, simple mistakes are made that seem jarring: Lisbeth's leaving the keys with Mikael, the police not interviewing Palmgren, etc.  Essentially every twist could be predicted (when Lisbeth moves out of her apartment and Mimmi moves in? Anyone could see that coming).  And while this may seem trivial, this book had no sense of place like the first.  Sweden was as much a character as Mikael in the former, and descriptions of the land and people added depth and meat to the story.  And this has far more gore and explicitness in it than the first.<br />All said, I'd wish I'd stopped after the first book.he mystery that unfolds has so many subplots that it seems like an especially complex Venn diagram that becomes ridiculous and unbelievable after awhile.  The new characters are intertwined in such a complicated way that normally I would have kept notes on who was who. But at that point, I really didn't care anymore.<br />Another letdown was that none of the puzzles were solved by deduction and clever questions or even thinking outside of the box.  Instead,  Lisbeth basically hacks everyone else's computer to view their research.  And there is not a single scene where Mikael and Lisbeth interact, so the partnership that was so enthralling before doesn't exist anymore.<br />In the first book, everything seemed clever.  But in this, simple mistakes are made that seem jarring: Lisbeth's leaving the keys with Mikael, the police not interviewing Palmgren, etc.  Essentially every twist could be predicted (when Lisbeth moves out of her apartment and Mimmi moves in? Anyone could see that coming).  And while this may seem trivial, this book had no sense of place like the first.  Sweden was as much a character as Mikael in the former, and descriptions of the land and people added depth and meat to the story.  And this has far more gore and explicitness in it than the first.<br />All said, I'd wish I'd stopped after the first book.
B001AUKUS6|5.0|After there breakthrough \\"Out of the Cellar\\", Ratt were still hungry for more and so they returned with \\"Invasion of your Privacy\\".  The album takes everything that made \\"Out of the Cellar\\" such a hit and turns it up just a bit. It has better crafted songs, more of a streamlined (glossier) production, and overall balanced quality.     All the songs are amazing, and it is the perfect 80's metal album, it just Rocks on all cylinders, not much of a review here, just buy the album! =)
B002HRTMHQ|5.0|Wow - This is a VERY sexy and smooth CD! It is one that you can listen to over and over with great appreciation - IT IS HOT!  Thank You Mayer Hawthorne!! This music is HEAVEN for my ears - I can't get enough!
B001FB4W0W|3.0|First let's get this out of the way; if you were expecting Charlaine Harris'  Sookie Stackhouse series this ain't it. But honestly when has ANY TV/movie adaptation of an author's work ever lived up to the written work? For all intents and purposes, as far as I'm concerned, never.<br /><br />I AM, however, glad I got this on sale for $16.99. Had I paid the current $54.99 (01/24/2010) price I'd have probably felt different about the value to entertainment ratio.<br /><br />The acting, especially Paquin and Wesley, is campy and over the top but to me that just adds to the B-movie styling of the series. I pictured some of the character's differently from their portrayals in Harris' writing. I thought Sam would be a bit older and a bit fatter both in human and his other form.<br /><br />The sets are well done. Sam's bar not only looks like a place I'd enjoy kicking back at it's almost exactly what I pictured it to be from the novels. I thought it was filmed well though it can get a bit draggy in places.<br /><br />It's not the novels, it's never going to BE the novels. If you can get over that it's pretty fun to watch. If we could give half stars I'd give this three and a half but we can't and it's not quite a four star production so... three stars.
B002L5810I|5.0|I've been waiting on this for a long time. Now I have it & battle with my 3 & 2 yr old on when who's going to watch it first. Another look at the greatest of all time!
0307408833|1.0|after eating baked goods at the babycakes bakery in ny i purchased the BABYCAKES cookbook and $120 worth of the proper ingredients for baking the recipes. after baking about six recipes and having each one turn out horribly, i stopped. i feel the recipes are not \\"true\\" recipes. AMAZON has kindly allowed me to return the book....who will reimburse me the $120 for ingredients? the chocolate cupcakes tasted like bad bran muffins and the basic frosting recipe reminded me of wallpaper paste. yuck!
1400063515|5.0|No one can argue that the thigs that change and shape our lives are not the ones we expect to. It's the things we don't even know are coming that will cahnge our path. It's what you don't know that you don't know. I loved this books perspective.
B000PC0U1W|5.0|Yes, I did purchase this when the DVD was first released and later when the blu-ray was released and here's the reason: fear.  It is the same reason a demagogue like Adam Sutler (John Hurt) was elected by a landslide and why the British public, by a 95% vote, surrendered their rights and individualism.     The cause of the fear was the direct result of the \\"birth\\" of the character \\"V\\" in camps established by the government where imprisoned \\"different\\" were taken for biological experiment. The result was a \\"super virus\\" which Sutler's \\"spider\\" planted at a school, a water supply facility, and a subway station that killed an estimated 100,000 citizens.     Of the \\"degenerates\\" the character \\"V\\" survives to wreak vengeance of those guilty for both his metamorphosis, the death of a person he held dear, and the biological terror that brought the \\"Norsefire Party\\" to power.     This is a tale of a government founded on conformity and terror as well as that which is required for vengeance and political change.     It is well worth not only watching as a movie but as something of a warning, which as \\"V\\" states, \\"should never be forgot\\".
1400032717|5.0|It was well written and a must if you have someone with special needs in your life. We often wonder what they are thinking if they can't fully express themselves. While everyone is different it breaks you out of your perspective and allows you to imagine how their thoughts might be patterned in such a different way that we have to keep our minds wide open. Loved it.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|..so shoot me.  Yes, yes, yes..so they're big and brassy and test one's credibility.  So what?  For sheer entertainment value, I turn to this guys' movies. They take my mind off of things for two hours or so and that is not a bad thing.
B001P06GX4|5.0|This game is educational, fun, and challenging.  I bought it for my 8 year old neice and the whole family had fun with it.  From age 8 to 50, this game is best played by a group of 4.  It only takes about 20 - 30 minutes to complete which is a good time span.  Also, the smartest person doesn't necessarily win, which makes it fun for all.  As a high school math teacher, I highly recommend it for everyone.  I wish I could get them for my classes!
B0002F6AH0|5.0|I bought this for my Daddy for Christmas, and he loves it!  He loves history, and he lives in the middle of nowhere, Colorado.  So this occupies his time a lot.  I'd definitely recommend it for anyone.
B001GCUO4S|4.0|This is a very bizzare movie. It is like a Final Destination installment on loads of crack. Think \\"Crank: High Voltage\\" and you've got a clear view of this movie, almost.   This movie is covered in CGI, which is done for the 3-D. It is so strange, with some really overly cartoony effects, including falling concrete, a flying motor, etc.  It's somewhat of a self-parody almost.   I really enjoyed the opening scene with the race cars; I thought it wouldn't be up to par with previous movies but it was. The car wash scene was also very well done. Some deaths were so insane, like a guy being pulled through a overcharged pool drainer, a woman getting a motor on top of her, a man being hit into a fence and parts of him being cut in squares, etc. The ending with people seeing a 3-D movie brought self-awareness.  What it does lack in further plotting, though the agressive vision style, and one character accepting death so he can see his wife and kids I thought worked well.   Other parts were funny like a character being referred to as \\"the racist\\", the incompetence of the main character, one extremly stupid guy, and a lot more.  Some people will hate this movie for what it represents in the franchise; a total exploitation of silliness and way too much fun that it can't possibly be enjoyable. But it is.    I for one hope they make Final Destination 5 on a cruise ship, with death being a real thing. Keep the CGI but make it a lot darker and the franchise will keep going strong. \\"The Final Destination\\" will always be noted as the wierd one, and I think it's a good thing.
B001FB55HQ|5.0|A terminator that is not advertise the star of the show ,but really brings the story in a better level than the other terminators . To all of these people Bravo !!! GOOD JOB.
0307269752|5.0|well developed, eccentric characters unwind an unpredictable plot to a very satisfying ending ...like a rich and complex cabernet.
1594488843|2.0|Before plunking down your credit card for a copy of Drive, by Dan Pink, consider making do with just his TED talk. The talk contains the substance of this book without the excess padding.<br /><br />The book has about 250 pages. One hundred fifty or so of those are for the basic content. It includes the Introduction and Parts I and II (chapters one through six).<br /><br />The other hundred pages are a \\"Toolkit.\\" This includes some material that didn't seem to fit anywhere else, a glossary, a recap of Drive, twenty conversation starters (useful at cocktail parties), a reading list, and a fitness plan. That's forty percent of the book.  And none of it helps you put what you've read to work.<br /><br />The core points of the book are covered in the TED talk. You can listen to it in about fifteen minutes or read it in about ten. You won't get the fitness plan or the conversation starters. You will get the essence of Pink's message.<br /><br />If you're a boss or concerned about leadership, you need to become familiar with that message. The ideas are important. Pink's rendering of them, for good or ill, will define and influence the discussion of motivation in business for quite a while.<br /><br />He does get the big picture right. He says that people would prefer activities where they can pursue three things.<br /><br />Autonomy: People want to have control over their work.<br /><br />Mastery: People want to get better at what they do.<br /><br />Purpose: People want to be part of something that is bigger than they are.<br /><br />This matches research that I've done with class members for over twenty-five years. They discuss a time when \\"it was great to come to work\\" and then create a description of what those times are like. The descriptions vary slightly in wording but always include the following.<br /><br />Productivity.<br />Community.<br />Interesting and meaningful work.<br />Clear and reasonable expectations.<br />Frequent and usable feedback.<br />Consistency.<br />Fairness.<br />Maximum control possible over work life.<br /><br />I'm describing the kinds of workplaces where intrinsic motivation happens. Pink is describing three things that provide that kind of motivation. In most highly effective workplaces, it's the boss that is the most important force creating an environment when intrinsic motivation can happen.<br /><br />Top management sets the basic compensation and benefits structure. If that isn't perceived as fair and consistent, natural intrinsic motivation won't kick in.<br /><br />It's your individual supervisor who has the biggest effect on your daily working environment. That's why there are pockets of excellence in otherwise horrid companies and why even the best companies have workers who are unhappy and teams that are unproductive.<br /><br />This book won't give you the connection from concept to workplace. But Pink does deliver many key ideas that matter.<br /><br />Key Idea: There is a difference between extrinsic and intrinsic motivation.<br /><br />Key Idea: Intrinsic motivators are more powerful.<br /><br />Key Idea: If you use monetary rewards to get people to perform the way you want, those rewards may have the opposite effect.<br /><br />These are important things for a boss to know, but if you only have Drive to guide you, you will get some things very wrong.<br /><br />The examples that are used are heavily weighted toward academic and consulting studies. It's not apparent that Pink talked to a single worker or frontline supervisor. The book would have been more helpful if he had.<br /><br />There are some pre-requisites to having intrinsic motivation kick in. Pink mentions in passing that there needs to be fair compensation in place. That's true, but it's not an \\"oh-by-the-way\\" point. It's Maslow's Hierarchy in work clothes.<br /><br />Throughout the book, Pink equates \\"monetary\\" incentives with \\"extrinsic motivation.\\" That ignores praise, promotion, preferment (in scheduling, eg), the admiration of peers, time off, and a host of other positive incentives. It also skews the discussion toward academic studies and away from the real workplace.<br /><br />Pink also presents the issue as if it were intrinsic motivators (good) versus extrinsic motivators (not good). In the TED talk he even says \\"This is the titanic battle between these two approaches.\\"<br /><br />That's not how things work in the real world. Intrinsic and extrinsic motivators and their effects interact. You don't have a simple choice of which lever to pull. You have to understand and influence a complex system.<br /><br />Those shortcomings are important. They derive from one of the most important things to understand if you've going to study this material critically and turn it to good use.<br /><br />Pink has written this book like a political speech. He writes to make a point, not to present a balanced argument.<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, Pink uses language that implies value judgments. He uses terms like \\"humanistic psychology\\" for things he agrees with. When he doesn't agree he uses terms like \\"rat-like seeking.\\"<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, Pink makes sweeping statements without providing support for them. \\"Sometimes\\" and \\"a surprisingly large proportion of the time\\" are used with no indication of what they actually mean. He says that sales quotas \\"can be effective,\\" but doesn't tell you when or how often.<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, Pink leaves out things that don't support his simplified message. There's no mention of studies that support the use of rewards in business settings.<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, Pink boils his facts down to only the ones that support his argument. If all you read was Drive, you would think that the work of Deci and Ryan is about the superiority of intrinsic motivators to extrinsic in all situations.<br /><br />But their work is more complex than Pink describes it. It includes analysis of effective extrinsic motivators as well as extrinsic motivators that are counter-productive.<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, pink, picks up studies from one sphere and applies them elsewhere without telling you what he's doing. Deci and Ryan have done admirable and important work, but it's on motivation in personal development, not in the workplace.<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, Pink ignores contradictions. He describes a horrid, slave ship workplace ruled by carrots and sticks. Later he mentions that most \\"flow\\" experiences happen at work.<br /><br />Pink tells us about \\"20 percent\\" time for creativity at Google and Atlassian. But he doesn't discuss why they only offer their intrinsic reward of creativity to engineers and not the other workers in the company.<br /><br />Like a good speech writer, Pink sets up the straw man of \\"Motivation 2.0\\" so that he's easy to knock down. And, inconvenient truths are sometimes mentioned in passing and then never heard from again.<br /><br />The Bottom Line<br /><br />You should learn what's in this book because, for better or worse, it is influencing the conversation about what makes a great workplace. But because of the presentation and selective use of facts, you can't rely on this book alone to help you do a better job as a boss.nts the issue as if it were intrinsic motivators (good) versus extrinsic motivators (not good). In the TED talk he even says \\"This is the titanic battle between these two approaches.\\"     That's not how things work in the real world. Intrinsic and extrinsic motivators and their effects interact. You don't have a simple choice of which lever to pull. You have to understand and influence a complex system.    Those shortcomings are important. They derive from one of the most important things to understand if you've going to study this material critically and turn it to good use.     Pink has written this book like a political speech. He writes to make a point, not to present a balanced argument.     Like a good speech writer, Pink uses language that implies value judgments. He uses terms like \\"humanistic psychology\\" for things he agrees with. When he doesn't agree he uses terms like \\"rat-like seeking.\\"    Like a good speech writer, Pink makes sweeping statements without providing support for them. \\"Sometimes\\" and \\"a surprisingly large proportion of the time\\" are used with no indication of what they actually mean. He says that sales quotas \\"can be effective,\\" but doesn't tell you when or how often.     Like a good speech writer, Pink leaves out things that don't support his simplified message. There's no mention of studies that support the use of rewards in business settings.     Like a good speech writer, Pink boils his facts down to only the ones that support his argument. If all you read was Drive, you would think that the work of Deci and Ryan is about the superiority of intrinsic motivators to extrinsic in all situations.     But their work is more complex than Pink describes it. It includes analysis of effective extrinsic motivators as well as extrinsic motivators that are counter-productive.    Like a good speech writer, pink, picks up studies from one sphere and applies them elsewhere without telling you what he's doing. Deci and Ryan have done admirable and important work, but it's on motivation in personal development, not in the workplace.     Like a good speech writer, Pink ignores contradictions. He describes a horrid, slave ship workplace ruled by carrots and sticks. Later he mentions that most \\"flow\\" experiences happen at work.     Pink tells us about \\"20 percent\\" time for creativity at Google and Atlassian. But he doesn't discuss why they only offer their intrinsic reward of creativity to engineers and not the other workers in the company.     Like a good speech writer, Pink sets up the straw man of \\"Motivation 2.0\\" so that he's easy to knock down. And, inconvenient truths are sometimes mentioned in passing and then never heard from again.     The Bottom Line    You should learn what's in this book because, for better or worse, it is influencing the conversation about what makes a great workplace. But because of the presentation and selective use of facts, you can't rely on this book alone to help you do a better job as a boss.
B002N8A14M|4.0|So let me start off with- I love this product. It has all the functionality that I wanted. My biggest gripe about alot of armbands out there is the \\"other\\" people use sections of velcro rather than making the whole armband velcro. This is a problem when you're \\"in between\\" sizes- it's either too small or too large- cutting off your circulation (and creating bulges) or slipping down. This is not the case for this arm band- it's velcro all the way around so you can truly have a customized fit.   The only reason that I didn't give it 5 stars is that I was running with it today and while it wasn't raining, there were a few drips from the trees and because it's not completely enclosed over the top and over the click wheel, a little bit of water got inside between the case and the ipod- not exactly what you want! I know that because of the design, it's probably unavoidable but while I was running I was wishing that I had a little \\"rain jacket\\" that covered it.   All in all a GREAT product
0385340575|5.0|Fast paced with lots of plot twists and action, as well as detailed (but not tediously so) descriptions of the how and why of various techniques and methods utilized by the characters.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Considering the standard of 'prime-time' TV we get, i.e. endless reality, sub-standard comedy (barring 30-Rock) and junk drama, how come this gem was allowed to die? Come on BBC or even Channel 4, there are millions of fans out there and it's your chance to pick this up, create a second season, and show the rest of the world that in the UK at least we still take chances and in doing so, create great TV.
B001UV4XUQ|4.0|I'm sure most of us have heard the term \\"chick-flick\\". You know the one. The movie that has the girl falling for the guy, then a dilemma develops, they fall apart, only to be brought back together by serendipity {play romantic chorus here}.<br /><br />Well this isn't that kind of movie, thank you very much...<br /><br />This is something newer, something I like to call \\"a romantic guy flick.\\" No, it's not some horny dude looking to plop his thing into any attractive gal that comes along ([[ASIN:B001CW7ZUS Knocked Up]]) or some roadtrip movie gone awry ([[ASIN:B001UV4XEW The Hangover]]). This is a story of unrequited love ...from the man's side. Joseph Gordon-Levitt ([[ASIN:B000QFCD90 The Lookout]]) stars as Tom, a guy wanting nothing more than to fall in love with the girl of his dreams. And he believes he's found her in Summer (Zooey Deschanel, [[ASIN:B001DZOC3W The Happening]]). Trouble is Summer only wants to be \\"friends with benefits.\\" She tells Tom this from the get-go, but Tom's having none of it. He believes he can turn her toward him and onto a path of blissfulness.<br /><br />The film juxtaposes their 500 days together in a unique pattern: by traversing the days in a haphazard fashion, jumping from day 490 to day 39, then on to day 65 and back to day 1. This is representational of Tom's need to find out what went wrong with their relationship, as Summer breaks it off and devastates Tom. Or did anything go wrong? Perhaps Tom simply wasn't listening ...or being unrealistic in his expectations of Summer.<br /><br />Whatever the reason, many lonely guys out there will probably be able to identify with \\"that girl that broke my heart\\" syndrome that Tom goes through. This is what makes (500) DAYS OF SUMMER the guy flick I referred to earlier. It is frustrating, funny, and downright depressing. Doubly so when we see Summer hold hands with Tom even after there is no hope for them, further confounding Tom's sense of right and ...love.<br /><br />Even though there's a depressing air to the entire film, it does have its lighter moments thanks to two of Tom's buddies who are absolutely clueless about relationships yet offer their ridiculously bad advice to him. Tom's kid sister Rachel (Chloe Moretz) plays the sounding board and only person who seems to have a grip on what Tom really needs, which is a funny byline since she's basically a 12-year-old with the maturity level of a 20-something.<br /><br />The movie might have ended on a very sour note, further depressing anyone watching. But, in the end, we're given a small ray of sunshine that drifts away from Summer and helps lift Tom into a new season. Perhaps Autumn will be better...t does have its lighter moments thanks to two of Tom's buddies who are absolutely clueless about relationships yet offer their ridiculously bad advice to him. Tom's kid sister Rachel (Chloe Moretz) plays the sounding board and only person who seems to have a grip on what Tom really needs, which is a funny byline since she's basically a 12-year-old with the maturity level of a 20-something.     The movie might have ended on a very sour note, further depressing anyone watching. But, in the end, we're given a small ray of sunshine that drifts away from Summer and helps lift Tom into a new season. Perhaps Autumn will be better...
B0026P3G12|5.0|I absolutely love Susan Boyle. She can sing the phone book and I'll love it. I hope she records more soon!!!
1401923119|5.0|REALASY<br /><br />Fantality or, say Realasy,<br />Though something shy of proof and not yet truth,<br />A \\"pseudo-science\\" or a \\"fallacy\\"<br />In scientific circles still uncouth,<br /><br />May yet appeal to our imagination<br />And give us something useful to believe<br />Affording us pragmythic inspiration<br />Then yielding us a dream to which we'll cleave.<br /><br />Such is the course of all new theories hatched<br />By genius, destined finally to shift<br />Some paradigm to which we're now attached<br />And grant humanity its next uplift.<br /><br />  Though some now dub it \\"fiction,\\" \\"superstition,\\"<br />  The best of it will prove sound intuition.
B002UD56I6|5.0|I know that Michael never intended for this to be seen, BUT he was all about his fans and he would understand that his fans needed just a little bit more once he departed. Hey, there was a \\"Making of Thriller\\" video, too, so I don't think he'd really be too distraught.    This video is definitely a compilation of footage and so it clunkily transitions along. With that said, \\"This Is It\\" let's the viewer see some of the genius that was Michael Jackson. Seeing how he directs his staff I (with L-O-V-E, love, it's all about the love)and the few songs or song parts he sings really does make it all worth while. Mega-fan or music fan, a definite for any collection. This piece of HIStory brings him back if just for a short time.
1878424114|4.0|Despite this book's simplicity, it offers up a nice starting point for anyone on the spiritual path.     So often, sages engage a readership through the hackneyed Q & A format which ends up masking the subtlety that can be developed through well-developed prose. Perhaps this is why I liked reading this book. Chopra simply and directly points toward helpful shifts in perspective as well as helpful practices for anyone interested in beginning their journey.
0307593525|4.0|My wife has been making some of the great recipes from these two great cookbooks.
B000001FS6|4.0|`Rattle And Hum' contains some great individual songs, but doesn't fit that well together as a whole. The album is basically a bits-and-pieces collection of new songs, live tracks, out-takes, and covers. As such, it's not really one thing or the other; it's not a live album, it's not a greatest hits collection, but it's not a bold new artistic statement either. What it sounds like is a confused and tentative step forward from a band that seems overwhelmed by their sudden superstardom.    Stylistically, the album continues the trend of `The Joshua Tree', focussing heavily on American music. `Rattle And Hum' is the sound of U2 paying tribute to their influences and some rock godfathers, and the blues, roots, soul, gospel and country influences are more obvious than before.     `Helter Skelter': clumsy intro by Bono, but a good, energetic version of the song.    `Van Diemen's Land': poignant, reflective track sung by The Edge. A good song but seems out of place between `Helter Skelter' and `Desire'.    `Desire': obvious ode to Bo Diddley and even more obvious single. Highlight is the out-of-nowhere harmonica blast toward the end.     `Hawkmoon': brooding, intense song that builds up slowly before a passion-filled climax. Perhaps goes on a bit too long, but the payoff is worth it.     `All Along The Watchtower': take-it-or-leave-it cover. Did Bono stuff up the lyrics or was repeating the second verse deliberate?    `I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For': outstanding gospel interpretation of the hit single. One of the highlights of the album.    `Silver And Gold' (begins with a short clip of `Freedom For My People'): this is an excellent live version of U2's anti-apartheid anthem. Quite a heavy and strident song.     `Pride': another good live cut. Bono's whipping up of the audience into some call-and-response shows why U2 were such a great live band.     `Angel Of Harlem': lyrical tribute to Billie Holliday. A soulful, horn-driven number and another obvious single.     `Love Rescue Me': okay collaboration with Dylan, but not one of the better songs here.    `When Love Comes To Town': blues-influenced duet with B.B. King. King's vocals are perfectly suited to the song, there's some excellent guitar work on \\"Lucille\\" too.    `Heartland': apparently a `Joshua Tree' out-take. Pleasant enough.    `God Part II': although this rocker seems to look ahead to U2's 90's work, I've always felt the song is clumsy and forced. It's never a good idea to explicitly make a \\"sequel\\" to such a classic song.    `Bullet The Blue Sky (short intro of `Star Spangled Banner'): better than the album version, the additional lyrics Bono adds to the last verse actually improve the song, giving it more tension before the final release.    `All I Want Is You': this string-tinged love ballad is another obvious single. Like `Van Diemen's Land', it seems a bit out of place after the leaden `God' and the bombastic `Bullet..', although the extended string coda makes it a good closer for the album.      So there are some excellent cuts here, but the way in which they're all thrown together seemingly at random makes `Rattle And Hum' feel like less than the sum of its parts. It doesn't help that the band's po-faced earnestness gives the project a very leaden and self-conscious feel, as if U2 were trying too hard to place themselves on the same pedestal as Dylan, King and The Beatles.       I would still recommend this album, because there are enough highlights to make up for the clumsy mis-steps. But I can easily see why many critics were confused and disappointed with this, and why U2 decided to lighten up on `Achtung Baby'.
0525478183|5.0|Ever since he was a child, Q was enamored with Margo Roth Spiegelman. She wasn't just a person, she was a presence, someone who warranted being known by their full name. Now, on the cusp of graduating high school and fully aware he'll never be more than a neighbor to her, he's ready to move on and go to college. That is, until she shows up at his window one night dressed as a ninja, and climbs back into his life. After a night of adventure, whereupon she inflicts an incredibly amount of revenge on some fellow classmates, he's sure that the remaining days in school will be perfect. But when Q arrives to school the next day, Margo isn't there. Nor the day after. Although she's always been an enigma, one prone to disappearing randomly only to encounter an incredibly adventure, he's unsure this time. Soon, Q sees clues left for him by her, clues that lead him on his own adventure and towards a mystery he'd never expected. Yet, as he gets closer to her, he starts to see less of the girl he thought he knew.    John Green is a power house in YA literature, so I was immediately tempted to pick up one of his novels. That said, the book was fantastic.    Part mystery, part coming-of-age tale, Paper Towns takes the reader throughout the streets of Central Florida and beyond on one big adventure leading to an overwhelmingly honest metaphor. It's about what we imagine others to be, and what happens when we find out who they really are. It's about love and loss - but, really, it's about realizations.    Q (Quentin) is an excellent protagonist, written terrifically honest. Single minded, as many teenagers are, he sets on this quest to find Margo with his two best friends Ben and Radar along for the ride. Each character is wonderfully portrayed and their ongoing antics are perfect and often hilarious. They act and sounds like teenagers - Ben with his ongoing quest to get a prom date and Radar with his love of the Omnictionary (a Wikipedia-like site). And Margo is a mystery, an alluring one, and it's obvious why Q wants to find her.    The book pieces together every part of high school you remember, and every part of high school you'd like to forget. And it's all neatly wrapped around one elegant Walt Whitman poem. Every time I wanted more, more was given. Green's writing has small tidbits and off-side mentions that add another layer to the writing. An absolute excellent read that wasn't just deep, but also fun.    Sound interesting? Fun? It truly is.
B000021Y77|3.0|Somehow funny movie of no funny things as Lola needed finding and handing in 100 000 DM during 20 minutes to boyfriend having this fortune lost in a subway.<br /><br />Tackling a problem is being analysed with three approaches presenting completely different results.
0446569895|5.0|How could Ozzy write a book? He's dyslexic and doesn't read. Well, how can he write songs if he's musically illiterate and doesn't play an instrument? The answer in both cases is that he gets help and he succeeds brilliantly. What's most surprising about this book is how much it sounds like Ozzy. I didn't think Ozzy's voice and sense of humor would come through in print, but they definitely do. Clearly, he dictated lots of material into a tape recorder, and his co-author did a great job of preserving and bringing out Ozzy's unique persona.     This book further confirms for me what I've always said: that Ozzy is a songwriting genius. Lots of people assume that he has just sponged off the talents around him from Iommi/Ward to Rhoads/Daisley to Lee to Wylde. But I've always said, look at what all those people have done before/and/or/after their time with Ozzy. Not much worthwhile in all cases. Meanwhile Ozzy continues to flourish with each new creative partnership.     The book is thin in lots of places where you'd like to hear more, and it runs a little long in other places where you've heard the stories before. The Jake E. Lee era is omitted completely. That's a shame. Ozzy should get over that resentment. He's won. Jake has done nothing worth speaking about without Ozzy, and meanwhile Ozzy has continued to receive acclaim for the past twenty plus years since Jake.    Any true Ozzy fan will love this book.
0385504225|2.0|If you have never read The da Vinci Code, you will probably.....maybe....enjoy reading The Lost Symbol when nothing decent is on television.  However, if you are expecting anything remotely close to The da Vinci Code, you will find yourself moaning and groaning regularly and walking away from this book til the...tah dah! end....which can't come soon enough.    I probably wouldn't be so disappointed if I hadn't bought the darn book.  Now, I can only think of the new movies I could have rented instead.
B002EWD08Q|5.0|THE ARCTIC MONKEYS HAVE DONE IT AGAIN , WITHOUT A DOUBT THE BEST CD OF 2009 ! Great lyrics to go along with some of their most moving music. NO filler on this c d . From the killer opening track  my propeller and its haunting licks they go right into crying lighting and their knack for inspired melody`s . the gem  dance little liar is the best cut , they totally can set the mood and you can feel the sadness and the anger .the end of the final track will have you hitting replay for the cool vocals and a melody you would get out of you head..........
B002P4VUMQ|5.0|I was at the Charter One Pavilion at Northerly Island on August 13, 2009, and had the privilege of literally standing 10 feet away from Jason Mraz, one of the best singer/songwriters of the 21st century, in my opinion. Mraz has indescribable vocals, good guitar skills, and a great band. Not only did he sound amazing live, he really sold his happiness; it was totally legitimate.     Now, I was thrilled when I heard on the radio about a week before the concert that this particular show was going to be recorded for a CD/DVD that would come out before Christmas because, well, I would have been there. But after the concert was over and I was heading home, I realized that this CD was going to be amazing. He did leave out a couple of my favorites though; they didn't choose to put Life is Wonderful, You and I Both, or Who Needs Shelter? on the album, which he sang at the concert.    Overall, I loved the CD, and the DVD more, since I got to relive a truly awesome show.
B002RSDW80|5.0|Highly entertaining with Streep doing a fabulous job as Julia herself. Could have had more scenes of that. Funny and even learned somehting!
B001XRLWPQ|4.0|Admittedly, I thought the cop and quirky sidekick duo was overplayed, so I passed by Castle a few times. However, I quickly changed my mind on viewing the pilot episode. The show may be somewhat formulaic in its crime solving, but what makes the show excellent is its cast and fun dialogue/interactions.     The main character, as a somewhat jaded, burned out crime novelist, is also a good father, exasperated son, and is on good terms with at least one of his ex-wives. I really enjoy that the show is as much about the characters as it is about the mystery.    Excellent fun to watch with company, and the music is just as quirky as the show itself.
B002C6K7N0|5.0|any debate on MEGADETH VS MADONNICA  is over kids. DETH wins. still, they are a few tiers below PRIEST,SODOM,VENOM...MEGADETH has ensured themselves a place on METAL MOUNTAIN. unlike MADONNICA, DETH are still a very viable thrash band. Abominations and Endgame are must have albums. time to grow up and throw your ridiculous MADONNICA stuff in the garbage. when's the new SODOM/VENOM albums coming out?! and i hear JUDAS PRIEST  has a new single set project in the works. that's reason enough to get up in the morning.
B000GPI2EK|2.0|2 1/2      While there is definitely some modicum of ambition that makes this metal stand out, not many of the songs really click into an all-enthralling whole, giving the impression of a growing band, operating in a limited genre, itching to explore outside.
B001R60ESE|5.0|Bought this after watching this concert on PBS.  Chris Botti's and his guests performance in this concert are excellent.  I did not know much about Chris Botti until now.  His playing of the trumpet is truly amazing.  I highly recommend it.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|This show is, simply put, amazing!  It may be a short series, but each episode feels like a movie.  The first season is better than the second, though.  The show feels rushed in the second year, and drastic temporal skips happen without warning, but over all I am glad I purchased this series.
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|I found this book to be as good, if not better than, The Notebook. It's a total heartbreaker.
B000FBJHZS|5.0|i am quickly becoming a fan of dan brown. although i did not fully understand why the 'villain' was who he was, it was an amazing read, as were the others!
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. It was a christmas gift. I have watched it over and over. It has some depressing parts but I love the overall mood of the story. It makes you feel good inside.
B001S2QNNC|5.0|this book was truly astounding. i was hooked on it immediately, and read it within two days. this book was really good and is one of my favorites.
B000002HFU|5.0|Damn... I miss the dude. Too bad he had to go so young. I love this album from beginning to end like all his other releases. It gets your head noddin and gets ya laughin.
1572814349|4.0|I purchased this deck because I wanted something with beautiful, dark imagery, and something with historical significance. The composition of each image is based on Rider-Waite, making it a versatile and easy-to-read deck. It comes with a very complete and informative book, and and very nice cardboard case.<br /><br />That being said, I was expecting better from the \\"digital collage\\" technique. Despite Ms. Black's description of her painstaking efforts to produce \\"high resolution\\" images, many of the elements in the pictures are clearly at a resolution too low to be suitable for printing. Ms. Black was apparently using a variety of online sources, rather than working from high-resolution scans of printed material, and this is painfully obvious on several cards. \\"The Hierophant,\\" for example, has a high-resolution staff, but his face and clothing are clearly lower resolution, resulting in fuzzy, undefined edges. The dress on \\"The Empress,\\" , and the sword on the \\"Ace of Swords\\" suffer the same shortcoming. On the other hand, some of the cards, such as \\"The High Priestess,\\" have consistent high-resolution, and look great.<br /><br />Overall, the deck is well designed, but attention to image quality and detail could have been much higher. If you are looking for a complete and informative deck with a reasonable amount of aesthetic appeal, then this is a good deck. If you're looking for drop-dead gorgeous cards with high-quality illustrations, look to a less amateurish publisher such as Lo Scarabeo.
0307593525|5.0|I really like the book because is easy to read and make the recepies, I recommend this book to every person who likes to cook and eat delicious food.
B000YENUIG|4.0|This was a very good movie. Viggo had me totally fooled as to his real identity.
0061914177|5.0|Gary Vaynerchuk's \\"Crush It!\\" is essential reading for anyone in business or aspiring to be. Fast and inspiring read.  He tells it like it is with style, humor and just the right amount of irreverence. Social media is where it's happening and Gary's one of the straightest shooters writing about it. He gives a step-by-step process that anyone can follow to start branding themselves to leverage their passion into an income. [[ASIN:097868916X Don't Let an Old Person Move Into Your Body]]
B002ZJGN96|4.0|Right now, you can not purchase this as individual tracks--and I love the song \\"i see you\\" so much, that I was willing to buy the whole album just for that song.  And I am not disappointed--It is a beautiful fabulous song!!!
B001PB3RU8|5.0|I downloaded this on a whim.  I heard Cosmic Love, and downloaded the whole CD instead of just the song and I couldn't be happier.  The WHOLE album is good.  Standout songs for me were definitely Cosmic Love, Howl and Drumming Song.  But really...the entire album is awesome and not one song is skippable.
0525950079|5.0|This is not a book I would have picked up on my one.  It is extremely long, I view it as a sequel to a book I hadn't read, and it takes place in the 1300's--not a time period i'm even remotely interested in.  I read it because it was a book club selection.    With that said--First, you don't have to have Pillars of the Earth to enjoy this book.  That book was written first but this takes place about 200 years later so none of the characters are the same.  I never felt as if I was missing something or didn't understand something because I had not read the first book.    Second--yes, it is extremely long, AND I didn't want it to be over.  It ended nicely and tied up all loose ends.   It wasn't that I was felt hanging.  However, I am sad that I am not continuing in the lives of these characters.  I would pick it up and find that I could easily read 50 pages and not even realize it.    Third--While it took place in the 1300's, it didn't get completely lost in that time period.  For me, the main driver was the relationships, the psychology of the people, the politics, and the evolution of christianity.  I was very interested in the theories that were woven through the book about how laws came about and how the church was shaped.  I do not know how much is based in reality--but I do know that it felt very plausible.  And it didn't read like a history lesson.  It read like a fascinating tale where you couldn't find out what happened next.    the book sheds a lot of light on things we don't question much today--religious traditions, laws, fines, hierarchy.  As I said, it may not be 100% fact, but regardless, it helps you to really think that the things we take for granted may have some roots in greed, abuse of power, randomness, desperation, etc., rather than some noble cause or thoughts.    I would highly encourage you to read this book.  And it is a great book club book as there is so much that can be discussed.  I now look forward to reading pillars of the earth!!
B0000024YL|2.0|This is NOT a greatest hits album! Some of the hits have been replaced with live versions which were not the hits. The hits are the songs people remember from the radio. People bought this thinking they were getting the versions they knew. There is ZERO indication on the sleeve that this has any live versions. Not only that, but they crossfade some of the applause into the beginning of the studio versions. How irritating!!    Is this a scam to make people buy the full albums or singles that they really want? Probably. Did the producers actually think the live versions are better? They are not, neither artistically or sonically. If they want a live Simon and Garfunkle album, make it and sell it to the serious die-hards who care.
B000FS9FCQ|5.0|I loved this movie. I was so inspired by the character V, that after I had rented the movie and saw it for the first time I bought this DVD.
B002T9H2MO|5.0|I LOVE this movie! This ranks with Cube as one of the best all time under appreciated Sci Fi movies ever made. At times reminiscent of Silent Running, 2001, and Outland; this movie is surprising, fresh, intelligent and moving. Rockwell is amazing in any movie, from Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, to the evil \\"Billy\\" in The Green Mile.  Can't help but wonder at its limited release...too few special effects, or too strong an anti-corporate message?
B0000DBJDM|5.0|Watch pink floyd playing live in this simple way is great, the way it was filmed and the camera angles give to the Movie a unusual felling, something that you dont see now days, excelent!
B001TODCII|5.0|Already saw this movie and definitely had to make it part of our DVD collection. This is a fantastic movie that keeps you on the edge of your seat! I haven't seen a movie this good in a long time and I absolutely love it. If you haven't seen it, get it!
B000B8QF14|5.0|I enjoyed this dvd concert a lot! Green Day put on a great show. I would recommend this to any Green Day fan.
B001V9LPWQ|5.0|Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a classic for so many reasons.  Other than being the first feature-length animation ever, it's also one of the most humorous, charming, memorable movies ever made.<br /><br />But of course, you've already seen the movie (probably a 100 or more times) and really you want to know if this Blu Ray transfer is worth replacing your other copy.  The simple answer:  YES.<br /><br />The standards set by this Diamond release has really got me excited about future releases from the series, because I assure you it is jam packed with goodies, and even more importantly, the digital restoration is absolutely stunning.  For a 73 year old movie, it looks so good it might has well been made last year.  It's presented in its original ratio of 1:33:1 which is essentially a square. While if you have a wide screen TV there will be those kind of unpleasant looking black bars on the side.  No fear, however, as Disney has ever so creatively found a way to make even those look beautiful.  If you select to watch the \\"DisneyView\\" experience, they insert beautiful artwork in the sections where the black bars would be.  The art is usually a red velvet curtain, or marble  lining, or something to give the picture a look of stunning presentation.  The color palette of the artwork always matches the scene of the movie so you almost don't even realize it's not part of the film.  An amazing feature!<br /><br />Other special goodies included are deleted scenes, which are quite cute, information on \\"Snow White Returns\\" which was a recently discovered storyline for a animation short where Snow White comes to visit the dwarfs and they decide to make her a bed as a present.  There's also some segments on the theatrical debut of Snow White which is of course very exciting.  Walt was such a showman! I had no idea that he presented the film in a DisneyLand like setting.<br /><br />Even as animation takes a drastic 3D turnaround, early Disney 2D movies will be forever remembered and no collection of them would be complete without the gracious (and a little air heady) Snow White, her animal entourage, and her seven short friends.  With this new Blu Ray release you can be sure that you are getting the absolute best copy of the film to date, and it will make the movie only that much more magical for you.would be complete without the gracious (and a little air heady) Snow White, her animal entourage, and her seven short friends.  With this new Blu Ray release you can be sure that you are getting the absolute best copy of the film to date, and it will make the movie only that much more magical for you.
B002L3RVCY|4.0|I have to admit, I wasn't sure how this would hold up after finding the movie a little too cheesy, but after only a few eps I was hooked. I'm still only part way into the season, but am so far loving this (and apparently I'm not even to the best eps).    I would recommend this even to die hard fanatics (of which I'm generally considered to be).
B002QGUFWE|4.0|When I first heard of Lady Gaga I wasn't for sure what to think of her makeup, costumes, and sexually bold persona.  I know much of today's music sometimes takes off with a hot new look or style.    However, one thing I noted upon her videos was that the MUSIC itself had a great pop sound and I'm a big fan of good pop music. When I first heard Bad Romance, I loved the theatrical chorus with the \\"whoas\\" in the background.    So I bought it and have to admit I was blown away.  Every song on this CD is ear candy and has the Phil Spectorish \\"wall of sound\\" with deep bass and many layers to the music.  Best of all, despite the backlash of people who don't like her \\"sinful nature persona\\", Lady Gaga is actually a talented songwriter with a very good voice.    \\"Bad Romance\\"-again, great theatrical drama encased in a song.    The synthesizing disco-styled \\"Dancing in the Dark\\" ranks way up there.  I love to listen to this song at night with my strobe light going.        Yes, I agree that \\"Alejandro\\" is very reminiscent of \\"La Isla Bonita\\" by Madonna but not in a rip off style fashion. The start of the song with her speaking as if in a romantic movie is way stylish.       \\"Teeth\\" is one of the most unique songs I've heard.  I listen to this song when I'm stressed.  The pound-pound-pound like someone stomping slowly up the stairs is great.  While this is song is very sexual in nature, for me, it's not what I pull out of it!  It's just a great tune.    \\"Speechless\\" is a surprising sudden stop along the dance tracks with its rock-bluesy sound as if she's in a small nighclub singing.  Shows off her good voice and leaves me wondering if later in her career she might take a turn toward more of this....    \\"Monster\\" and \\"Phone\\" are also good dance-pop tracks and cudos to Beyonce for participating in the latter. Monster reminds me of men my female friends used to vent to me about and phone I find hugely entertaining for I find it annoying  hearing cell phones ringing all the time.\\"So Happy I Could Die\\" is a nice lighter fare break-again a nice sing along dance pop tune.    I know the moral majority who dislike Lady Gaga see her as a negative influence and sinful, but what I see past that is a talented songwriter and vocalist who is drawing in a following.  It wouldn't surprise me at all if later on she takes this fanbase with her to a new level of \\"Speechless\\" music.    Sincerely,  William
B001XRLWPQ|4.0|I love this program. Not my my usual, but it's so quirky and the characters are both well written and perfectly portrayed by the perfectly selected cast (eg, the relationship between Castle and his mother and daughter is so real you could believe the actors were truly related)    Even if the actual crime side of things is a little cheesy at times (I'm used to watching far more intense styles so find these a might predictable), the charcaters are so great and the humour is just right that you can't help but enjoy it (and watch it over). Oh, and I'll definitely be buying Season 2 once it's available ü
0446677450|5.0|Robert tells it like it is. Will greatly enhance your knowledge on how to make a buck.
B000EHSVOG|5.0|When I was middle school student, I saw a Poster of \\"The Towering Inferno\\" st theater. When that time, the panic movies were trendy and interesting. I watched this movie at theater and after on TV. It was defferent on TV and theater opening scean. But at this time, this movie is best of panic movies.
B002RV01QI|5.0|This is my first experience with Enya, although I had heard the track \\"Only Time\\" before and loved it but didn't know who it was. I am entranced by the music, the lyrics, the vocals, all of it. My favorite track is \\"Water Shows the Hidden Heart\\".     I am very happy to have made acquaintance with this beautiful music.
B0025KVLU6|4.0|I am an avid Beatles fan but was disappointed in this cd.  I haven't heard the White Album since I owned it on vinyl.  Revolver, Sgt. Pepper and Magical Mystery Tour were much better productions.  However, I love the Beatles and didn't mean to be rude.  They are the Beatles but other cd's are far better.  It happens!  Still worth a buy since this is a classic.
0316067598|1.0|I think the book is interesting for one unintended reason: it provides insight into an elite-military personality. I'm not so concerned with debating Luttrell's point of view (which is conservative) or the moral points of his story (shoot the goat-herders, don't shoot the goat-herders, etc.), because ultimately, the book doesn't invite that kind of discussion. If you read it with a political mindset, then the book merely participates in the ridiculous shouting match within the \\"liberal\\" and \\"conservative\\" culture war.     I'm not saying that one shouldn't read it with a political mindset, but the book was far more interesting to me as a portrait of the sort of individual you need to be to be a Navy SEAL. Luttrell devotes most of the book portraying the SEAL persona as one of discipline, ambition, loyalty, patriotism, and ultimate macho-manliness. It's self-aggrandizing and his swagger is annoying, but behind that is the impression of the sort of person who has to have a pretty simplistic and essentializing way of understanding the world. In Luttrell's worldview, good and evil seem to be clearly defined--Taliban sympathizers are simply born bad (nevermind the impact of poverty or growing up in a continuously occupied region), for example. It makes sense, considering the requirements of his job, and it is that psychological characterization that was the most interesting part for me. However, I don't think Luttrell intended that at all--he'd rather you think of him as the tough American hero who can do 900 push-ups before breakfast, thinks one of the US' heaviest bombs is \\"awesome,\\" and cites \\"The Count of Monte Cristo\\" (the movie, not the book, of course) as his life's inspiration. It's the unyielding faith in that persona and the need to so fervently adopt it that's fascinating.     But in the end, the story might be an amazing one; it's poorly written. I mean, really poorly-written. It's one thing to have a colloquial voice, but this is written as if Luttrell thought he was writing the screenplay to his own bad action flick. He uses \\"godd---n\\" as an adjective about as frequently as he uses commas and has no other way of describing the Pacific ocean and the Afghanistan desert as \\"cold\\" and \\"hot,\\" respectively. He's also fond of two-bit maxims (he may have been short, but to me he would always be fifteen-feet tall) which makes the book sound a lot like a strange militaristic Hallmark card. And Luttrell also likes to make--you guessed it--rhetorical asides which some people might find charming, but I find cheap. And finally, what kind of writer actually uses the phrase \\"words fail me\\"?? Isn't that the job of a writer, to find the words?? (and if it wasn't Luttrell's job, then it was at least Robinson's). To use a parallel borrowed from Luttrell's world, \\"I'd love to push out 30 more, but my arms fail me.\\" A competent editor would have been nice as well. The three chapters on Luttrell's SEAL training are two too long, and while we're beaten over the head with how hard SEAL training is (it's really, really hard, fyi), we're also beaten over the head with how his fellow SEALS were the greatest soldiers and friends a man could ever have. Except we don't really have a sense of who they were because their representation is so thin. In the end, the writing was so bad that it seriously impaired my enjoyment of the book. I recommend that this be a library perusal before (and if) it's a purchase.
B002VECMB8|4.0|It is certainly ironic that a film like \\"Up in the Air\\" should coincide with the global financial crisis and a very serious recession the United States.  Ironic, because the lead role of Ryan Bingham (George Clooney) is a hired gun.  He travels for 322 days a year firing people on behalf of downsizing companies.<br /><br />Clooney is wonderful in this role.  He is cool, calm and manages to remain detached from the raw emotions that can be provoked as part of the process of \\"letting people go\\".  Yet, for all his skill, he is marked for downsizing himself as a young woman in the office develops the idea of firing people online.  Instantly, travel and associated costs are eliminated.  But, so too is Bingham's very life style.  He lives for the life on the road and its privileges and anonymity.  He dreads having to return to his \\"home town\\" of Omaha.  Here, he keeps only a very modest apartment.  After all, nine days in ten sees him travelling.<br /><br />In his travels, Bingham comes across Alex (Vera Farmiga) who seems in a strange way to be his soul mate.  Ah, but there is more than meets the eye with Alex.  She has her own secrets which, in due course, are stumbled upon by Bingham.<br /><br />\\"Up in the Air\\" is a surprisingly good film.  It is deeper that I might have thought.  It is also funny and touching.  Perhaps George Clooney has been type cast.  This is a shame.  He is a very good actor and this role suits him admirably.
0345451325|5.0|i about half way through the book but  have to say its great. it tells the story of master chief as a kid and on. i recommend this to any halo fan or fictional reader.
0385504225|1.0|Let's be clear about this book.  It's science fiction just like Digital Fortress and Deception point.  It is not just a work of fiction! Noetics is NOT science.  They have no published results in any peer-reviewed scientific journal.  There was very little about computers or cryptography that was even remotely correct in digital fortress.  Advice to the Authjor:  DO A LITTLE RESEARCH.  It won't kill you!  People like to use the word science without understanding what science is.  This reminds me of the Intelligent Design crowd trying to publish non-scientific papers in peer-reviewed scientific journals and name-dropping the word science just to confuse everyone and maybe get prayer and creationism back in schools.  People like Ben   Stein!  I'm tired of non-scientific people thinking that Dr Frankenstein at the controls of some dorky contraption means science.  As a mathematician and formerly an engineer I think I understand the definition of the word science.  Funny how people enjoy the technology, the drugs, and medicine but still believe in all the hocus pocus.  Enough said about that.      This book is terrible and almost unreadable.  I put it down twice and then decided to give up the third time when Peter killed his son.   It was at this point that I realize the book was probably over.  Dan Brown is not a great writer.  Good maybe but not great.  I can't believe they published the book.  I guess it does not take much to entertain the American brain these days.    Having said all this, I will say I did enjoy the Da Vinci code as a work of fiction.  Although it is similar in style to the other books it is about more artist and historical aspects of our world.  Since I reject the Bible as a literal book about a real god I had no problem with his conclusions.  However, it is not one of the better books I have read over the years.
1416524290|5.0|This book was a good quick read. Made you think about how important it is to educate our children on survival. I enjoyed this story. Reminds me of things that go bump in the night. Enjoyed the girls resourcefulness and how mind over matter can make a difference.
0784010188|5.0|Nearly 10 years have passed since Sarah Connor was targeted for termination by a cyborg from the future. Now her son, John, the future leader of the resistance, is the target for a newer, more deadly terminator. Once again, the resistance has managed to send a protector back to attempt to save John and his mother Sarah. This move is a masterpiece in every aspect.  Termiantor II: Judgement Day is an absolute must see classic.
0316168815|2.0|After much hype about this book and my friends telling me I just had to read it I picked this book up on a run to the store.  It was a very slow read and it jumped around a lot.  At some points I found myself confused because I wasn't sure where this passage/anecdote came from.  I kept waiting for it to get better and it didn't.  The last fourty pages seemed to have nothing to do with the rest of the book and yes, like some other reviewers I felt cheated.  The end was not what I expected.  I felt nothing was wrapped up and there was a lot of build up only to drop u in the end.
B00007AJGH|5.0|Detective Eddie Valliant has hated toons since his brother was killed by one, but now he has to help a toon that was framed for the murder of Marvin Acme, owner of Acme Corporations and Toontown, for playing patty-cake with the toon's wife. On the way, they have to avoid a suspicious character who wants to destroy all toons using a chemical that disintegrates everything. Stop and think about this movie for a minute, and you realize that we are unbelievably fortunate that it even exists. It's a great movie. I highly recommend this for the family and friends or just a Saturday with nothing to do.
1433503808|5.0|I'm so pleased with the excellent look, feel and overall construction of this bible. The chapter and verse this book contains are so close to my heart. It is nice to be able to admire the cover now as well as the content. The comentary on each page has helped me come to a much clearer understanding of His teachings.
B00005T7I1|5.0|Legendary police detective Dick Tracy is the only man tough enough to take on gangster boss Big Boy Caprice and his band of menacing mobsters. Dedicated to his work but at the same time devoted to his loyal girlfriend, Tess Trueheart, Tracy find himself torn between love and duty. His relentless crusade against crime becomes even more difficult when he gets saddled with an engaging orphan and meets seductive and sultry Breathless Mahoney, a torch singer determined to get the best of Tracy. A faceless character, known as the Blank, threatens both Tracy and Big Boy, and it takes all of Tracy's skills to save the city. This is a fun movie, a cartoon strip coming to life in an incredibly colorful fashion like nothing you have ever seen. This is a perfect example of capturing the essence of a comic book, from style to eccentricity.
B000BC8TBE|2.0|With shipping cost, I paid way too much.  Will not happen again.  Will shop locally.
B000OPOAM0|5.0|In the future, Skynet, a computer system fights a losing war against the humans who built it and who it nearly exterminated. Just before being destroyed, Skynet sends a Terminator back in time to kill Sarah, the mother to be of John Connor, the Leader of the human resistance. The terminator can pass for human, is nearly indestructible, and has only one mission, killing Sarah Connor. One soldier is sent back to protect her from the killing machine. He must find Sarah before the Terminator can carry out it's mission. \\"The Terminator\\" is a great movie. I highly recommend this movie, it's an incredible one that is sure to deliver entertainment to the fullest.
B0000029LG|5.0|Michael Jackson's History Book I is a fantastic 2 CD set to have in your Michael Jackson collection.  There are many other Michael Jackson CDs but this is unique because it has Smile, his favorite song, which is absolutely beautiful.  His vocal vibrato is stunning on this song.  Other great songs found only on the second CD of the collection are Stranger in Moscow, This Time Around, D.S., Money, Come Together, Childhood(Theme from \\"Free Willy 2\\"), Tabloid Junkie, 2 Bad, History, and Little Susie.  If anything, it was worth buying just for those I listed.  The first CD contains the majority of songs that can be found on other CD collections. I highly recommend Book I to anyone who loves Michael Jackson's music.
B0000CC5CS|5.0|John Connor now exists only as a drifter living 'off the grid', so no more Terminators from the future can hunt him down. Unfortunately, SkyNet does send another one back and this one is called the T-X, even more powerful and advanced than the dreaded T-1000. However, another CSM-101 Terminator is also sent back to protect John against the T-X. Now, Skynet is patiently assuming control of civilian computer systems, under the guise of a computer virus. John has also met his future wife, Kate Brewster, whose father a U.S. Air Force General is in charge of the military computer systems & is leery of up linking SkyNet. However, when the SkyNet virus infects the U.S military computers and leaves the country open to attack, the machines begin their horrific takeover. Soon a nuclear war will result and the war against the machines will begin. T3 is a solid movie for a third installment. This movie is good enough to watch more than once.
B002T9H2MO|1.0|There really is no engaging plot or appealing story line.  Hardcore Science Fiction fans with a brain, won't know what will happen next or why it is happening, nor will they care.<br /><br />MOON (2009) might have been an engaging if (unintentionally) short series but as a stand alone Science Fiction story it was underdeveloped and repulsively tiresome but not really entrancing enough to watch for that reason.  The movie reminded me of Silent Running (1971) if Sam Rockwell had been a drugged out Moon-naut, so that makes it kind of worth watching for alluring, repellent Science Fiction comedy. Was this really made in 2009? The clothes would point more towards 1988, the production lacks much science and technology credibility.<br /><br />To be honest, I had to double-check to make sure that this film wasn't just some movie add-on to a larger  loathsome Sci-Fi series, but to no avail. Moon (not sure why its called that since it takes place on Jupiter) seems like a bunch of independent Twilight Zone scenes put together to hopefully form a cohesive story, but fails at it.<br /><br />Not something I would suggest to watch.
B002RVZV9K|4.0|I recommend this movie to any music fan. You do not have to be a fan of the three gentlemen to appreciate what is on screen. Being a diehard U2 fan I especially enjoyed the segments with The Edge. His visit to Mount Temple Comprehensive School was a moving experience to watch.The fact the U2 have stayed together over four decades is an amazing feat. I only wish I could have seen more! To watch Jack White and The Edge look on in awe as Mr.Page played the riffs of Zeppelin was classic! They looked like school boys watching one of their idols. This is a great movie for anyone who appreciates the electric guitar and its place in rock and roll history.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I really love the songs on this CD. Too bad Savage Garden fell apart, because they really had a great sound and great lyrics. Now I have both of their CD's, which is all they produced. Two CD's where I like every song is so rare these days. Still listen to both all the time.
B002CAWNDS|2.0|Let me state that I love Ali Larter the actress. She is pure sex. Blonde, slinky and a smile that would make you hand over all your credit cards without a thought. But this movie is unbelievable and very predictable. Ali is perfect in bluray and shockingly beautiful on the plasma screen. She is an amazing talent that is very easy on the eyes along with a voice that would glue you to your chair even if she read the ingredients to a breakfast cereal.    But please, any man under the influence of alcohol trapped in a bathroom stall with such a seductive lady (this is from the movie and not my fantasy world) would not be so self-righteous without becoming slightly tainted by her seduction. The movie could have been better if he was completely conquered by her and then let the events play out. Ali is believable as the office hottie and does not dressed in unaffordable fashion beyond her pay scale. I would added many facets of his downward fall into the debauchery that would follow after his seduction into office sex.  After all, he met his wife at the same office and now they are both virginal members of the choir. Instead we are subjected to a predictable and overly long cat fight.    This is a one watch movie. I have tried to play it again but even Ali can't save this weak move. There is nothing wrong with the other actors. They were just not given anything to work with to make this a true suspense drama.    The two star rating is only for Ali Larter. If it was anyone else, it would be one.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|IMO this knife is the next generation of Ka-Bars for military use. Who has really fought hand to hand with the old style Classic Ka-Bar in the past 30 years? After Viet Nam, they're mostly for show and they're a bit delicate as a prybar and baton chopper.  Comes the BK-2. The blade is so thick and heavy that you can probably chop through the wall of a conex with it. Therein lies the only disadvantage I've seen: heavy. I don't carry a pack all day anymore. Maybe the guys that do will object to the weight of this little beast. But as far as fit, finish, feel in the hand and overall utility it will be a long time and a revolution in metallurgy before anything beats this knife. (Sorry RAT.)
B00280LYHS|5.0|A must buy if you are a fan of the series or starting with this book. Riordan, one of my favorite authors, clearly tells the story of camp half blood and the hero, Perseus Jackson.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|Someone once, unkindly, described the last, doomed [[ASIN:B000002A3T Pink Floyd album]] in which a Roger Waters-free band tried forlornly to recapture some of their band's former spark without the genie who created it, as \\"Wish You Were an Animal on the Dark Side of the Wall\\". I feel a similar sort of title would do for James Cameron's Avatar - something like a \\"Independence Day of the Titanic Warrior Princess Aliens\\", but even that would leave out the bow-and arrow-wielding boyish blue aliens that seemed to be channelling Keira Knightley in [[ASIN:B0002YLCG0 King Arthur]]. It's not just me who thinks this: some wag has cataloged online somewhere all the ways that James Cameron has plagiarised himself!<br /><br />Without a doubt, Avatar is a technological triumph - this is CGI well beyond anything you've ever seen before: it's graceful, beautiful, day-glo and heart stopping, though proud: you wouldn't say James Cameron wore his technical ability demurely - if he did, this film would be at least an hour shorter. There is a *lot* of gee-whiz-for-the-sake-of-it show-offery. It makes, at nearly three hours, for a challenging experience for those of a delicate backside.<br /><br />A pity, then, that seeing so much care and attention was rendered to visuals, so little was apparently given to plot, screenplay and dialogue and character development: for its plotular similarities, Avatar is even cornier than [[ASIN:B00005V9IK Independence Day]] - yes, and that is saying something - its characters are wafer thin, there is none of George Lucas' or Peter Jackson's sly humour the dialogue hackneyed, and the underpinning morality is preacherous and hokey. Some right-on liberal Hollywood digs at the war on terror were intended to lend gravitas: they fail.<br /><br />As with [[ASIN:B000VS6R26 Titanic]], Cameron has on his hands a certified box office bunker buster: a pity he wasn't more energetic in his dramatic ambitions. You'd think a man with Cameron's reputation in Hollywood didn't need to aim so relentlessly for the lowest common denominator. (Compare this with The Lovely Bones, a far more ambitious project from similarly feted Peter Jackson).<br /><br />In short, this film looks a billion dollars - and probably was - but it's all mouth, no trousers.<br /><br />Olly Buxtonentlessly for the lowest common denominator. (Compare this with The Lovely Bones, a far more ambitious project from similarly feted Peter Jackson).    In short, this film looks a billion dollars - and probably was - but it's all mouth, no trousers.    Olly Buxton
0439023483|5.0|I can finally say that I now know what all the hype was about. Quite frankly I wasn't drawn to these books at all, mostly because the cover's didn't grab my attention, and based on reading the book jacket it seemed like something I would never be interested. That being said, I value the opinion of my fellow book bloggers, and you guys have been raving about the series for the longest time! I got the book, I stayed up all night reading it, and my mind is officially blown.<br /><br />The Hunger Games had me on the edge of my seat, flipping pages like a mad woman. I found the plot to be completely unpredictable, I was guessing until the very last page and I love that about this book.<br /><br />The Hunger Games is unlike anything I have ever read before. It is a young adult book, yet it appeals to people of all ages because of the depth and quality of the writing. The Hunger Games manages to tackle some lofty ideas in a way that young adults can understand. A thought provoking book that leaves the reader contemplating how they would handle themselves in a similar situation.<br /><br />I have read that this book will be made into a movie. I would be really interested to see that when it comes out, although I highly doubt that they can capture the heart of this novel and I know they won't be able to do it justice with anything lower than a PG-13 rating. The story would lose some of it urgency and desperation if they were to cut out some of the more graphic scenes.<br /><br />Dare I say that I enjoyed this a bit more than the Twilight series? Hmm..
B0031MA7RA|1.0|For decades now the public has been told science is objective but religion is subjective. Science is done by people without bias, but religion is practiced by people with over-riding faith commitments. Jill Bolte Taylor, a Harvard brain scientist, shows us how false this old stereotype really is. What happens in near death experiences?   Taylor says her near-death experience was like feeling Nirvana: she was blissfully at one with the universe. But the jury of objectivity is still out: Eastern Asians report seeing their ancestors in near-death experiences. Theists report seeing a great light, warm and accepting, when they near death. In their near-death scenarios, Christians see Jesus Christ, and know his love. Why this vast diversity? Because the brain does not function objectively--ever. The human brain is an interpretive processing organism from conception forward. C.S. Lewis said, \\"What we learn from experience depends on the kind of philosophy we bring to experience.\\" As Taylor exhibits in mantra-like fashion throughout her book, even scientists process reality through their own, not-neutral, faith-grids.  She repeats, \\"we can be one with the universe if we'll just tap into our brain's right hemisphere.\\"   She did share some some good information: 1) how different parts of the brain do different things; 2) what caregivers should and should not do to stroke victims, though much of that is common sense: \\"don't shout at me!\\", \\"don't shine bright lights in my eyes,\\" \\"encourage me,\\" \\"love me\\"; 3) emphasized the importance of having a pre-plan for strokes.  But if you're looking for objectivity through a scientist's eyes, this book is more like a New-Age faith manual than a scientific report. Personal? Yes. Objective? Apparently that's not possible.
B001NFNFNU|5.0|Having once lived in Mira Loma, the renamed town of Wineville, I can attest that the impermeable sandstone or clay type of ground that lies just beneath the surface of the earth is almost impossible to penetrate without a pick-axe or a jackhammer.  This would explain, when the boy digs to expose a boot and then some bones, why they were buried just inches below the surface. Also, the initial investigative scene had quite a breeze blowing, a common occurance in Mira Loma - we used to call the place \\"windy gulch\\".  Those who made the movie sure got those aspects correct.  I found this to be a superb movie, with a good story line and excellent actors all the way through. It left me with a sense that we had better guard against city politics and any police departments such as Los Angeles endured during the 1920's and 1930's.  One should always be aware of and guard against what those in power are doing behind the scenes, and this movie illustrates it very well. Well done!
B000NVIXDW|5.0|Buble is so very good--Reminds me a lot of Frank Sinatra--Buble is just the perfect crooner.
B001D8W7CW|3.0|If you enjoy this film as much as I do, I have bad news: The Blu-ray transfer is mediocre at best.  Scenes are soft and often grainy, lacking any of the real clarity high def can bring.  Sound also doesn't really benefit; it's slightly sharper but that's about it.  Unless you don't already own the film, stick with the regular DVD.  The upgrade, even at such a low price, isn't really worth it.
B002LW9ITY|5.0|This was a great gift for my three yr old grandson. Loved the fact that we have DVD and Blue ray to play now. Best price also!
B002XTBEDI|5.0|If you're at all interested in this production, do ignore the detractors and purchase this without hesitation.  Admittedly it may not rival the original, but it is still a great pleasure.  Watching Dench, Staunton, and McKenzie together is akin to watching a master class in acting.  Yes, some narrative threads, as others have pointed out, begin and end too quickly, but just being in the company of Cransford's inhabitants again is wonderful.  I thoroughly enjoyed my three hours back in Cranford, and hope that the BBC sees fit to take me back again with another series of episodes.
B002UZ3M8U|5.0|This album is amazing. I heard a lot of bad things about the band, but I personally love Nate Ruess just as much as I loved him in The Format. This album has a lot of instrument back tracks, violin, piano, horns, female vocals, etc. that gives the album a dynamic sound. There are fun songs like \\"All the Pretty Girls\\" and \\"At Least I'm Not as Sad (As I Used to Be)\\" that are feel good anthems, as well as cute love songs like \\"The Gambler\\" and \\"Coming Home.\\" There are some interesting guitar riffs and these musicians definitely have talent. Nate Ruess lets his beautiful voice free in this album and it sounds great. Love it.
B0001VV1GK|3.0|We've had this parking garage for two years now and it has held up well except the elevator is broken. I think we could unscrew it and fix it somehow maybe. It so good-looking and nice that it's wooden but it does get boring after awhile. The small plan city cars are adorable too but my younger son bit the wheels off so I had to take them away. My boys have gotten way more use out of the train tracks or Legos because of the creativity involved. So nice toy but it is expensive for the use we got out of it.
B00007K02F|2.0|It is difficult for any true fan of a classic novel to love a movie version which truncates and/or reimagines the events of the story. But it can be done. \\"Anne of Green Gables\\" is one good example, as is the new Disney version of \\"Prince Caspian\\" (for me, anyway). This movie version of \\"Jane Eyre,\\" however, is not one of those remarkable films. As per most adaptations of the novel they chose to focus on the love story and left out the rest of Jane's adventures. I understand this was necessary in order to keep the film to regular feature length. But since the love story was the main focus you would think they would work hard to make it truly believable. Unfortunately it came off as completely incomprehensible. The problem? The flat performance of the actress playing Jane. No, she's not supposed to be pretty, and yes, she's supposed to be demure and quiet. But lifeless? Hardly. What makes Jane Eyre a beloved heroine of classic literature is her lively mind and how she unapologetically reveals it to those who take the time to look beyond her calm and proper exterior. The moments in the book where Mr. Rochester catches glimpses of the true Jane are what make their love story believable. This movie skips most of those moments, and when they do briefly show one, the scene is rendered ineffective by the flat, lifeless delivery of the actress. There is no spark of vivacity in her eyes, no indication that her words emanate from a deep well of emotion and intellect. Why would the Mr. Rochester of the movie have even the remotest interest in this Jane? I give the filmmakers props for taking on such a project and hoping to interest a new generation in this great story. But their rendering of \\"Jane Eyre\\" didn't even make an entertaining film in its own right, much less hint at the thrill of reading the full novel.
B00005QIPH|3.0|The music of the late 90's was so depressingly and crassly bland, it seemed that people were so desperate for something, anything remotely expressive or authentic, that the smallest artistic effort of bands in the early 00's felt like a godsend. When the Strokes \\"Last Nite\\" first aired on MTV2, I admit to feeling that their nod to Iggy's \\"Lust for Life\\" was a breath of fresh air. But that was just because the alternative to \\"Last Nite\\" was \\"Outside\\" by Staind, \\"In the End\\" by Linkin Park, \\"Just Like a Pill\\" by Pink, etc.<br /><br />But when people started hyping the Strokes as the Saviors of Rock, I got annoyed. This wasn't just an indier-than-thou rock snob indignation (although back then, that did play some role in my assessment); the dearth of energy and creativity in music during this time had left a gaping hole in my soul (and reduced me to goth rhymes), and these rich kid fly-by-nights were doing nothing to fill that void.<br /><br />Thankfully, a wave of bands making creative, exciting, and challenging music came to my attention starting in early 2004, and my spiritual wounds were eventually healed. Years later, I can go back to \\"Is This It,\\" and find some things about it to enjoy.<br /><br />Many critics of the Strokes paint them as derivative of better bands like the Velvet Underground, the Stooges, the Feelies, Television, etc. Most notably, singer Julian Casablancas vocals sound like Lou Reed singing through a nifty mic filter. But, while I certainly made such charges at this band (and others) when they first came out, my criterion for music theft is now more forgiving. First, we all must acknowledge that no one creates art in a vacuum, everyone takes from someone, creativity is the art of concealing one's sources, and all that. My rule of thumb is to ask myself if I could ever confuse any song by a band in question as actually being by some older band. Would anyone really think that \\"Soma\\" is a Velvet Underground song? I highly doubt it (for comparison, play \\"Little Animal\\" by the Raveonettes and tell me that it's not the Jesus & Mary Chain!) The influences of the Strokes may be obvious, but they do blend them in a way that makes their sound pretty easy to recognize.<br /><br />No, my main problem with this album was the fact that it just sounded lifeless. Formulaic, mechanical, plodding, dull. Creators of Elevator Rock, perhaps, but the Saviors of Rock? Seriously? Can anyone actually \\"rock out\\" to this stuff? At best, it makes me want to bounce my head like Peppermint Patty from Peanuts. Their song \\"Hard to Explain\\" actually reminds me of the music for the Lemmings video game (play it and see!).<br /><br />Which, perversely enough, is now the appeal. Who else makes rock 'n' roll worthy of a Lemmings game (answer: David Bowie, at least on 1993's Dead Against It)? The robotic lounge rock approach actually is pretty charming. The songs are catchy, Julian's vox have an interesting balance of being pained and bored at once, the bassline of the title track is so hammy it's worthy of early Shonen Knife (this being a very high compliment), and it provides a nice soundtrack to doing household chores. Not exactly the description of The Album That Changed It All, but...c'mon, does anyone really think that anymore? Really?<br /><br />Not the worst derivative drivel some say it is, and not the best of, really anything, probably. I used to think \\"Is This It?\\" when I listened to this album, but now I just bounce like Peppermint Patty while reaching for the next pot to scrub.y the Raveonettes and tell me that it's not the Jesus & Mary Chain!) The influences of the Strokes may be obvious, but they do blend them in a way that makes their sound pretty easy to recognize.    No, my main problem with this album was the fact that it just sounded lifeless. Formulaic, mechanical, plodding, dull. Creators of Elevator Rock, perhaps, but the Saviors of Rock? Seriously? Can anyone actually \\"rock out\\" to this stuff? At best, it makes me want to bounce my head like Peppermint Patty from Peanuts. Their song \\"Hard to Explain\\" actually reminds me of the music for the Lemmings video game (play it and see!).     Which, perversely enough, is now the appeal. Who else makes rock 'n' roll worthy of a Lemmings game (answer: David Bowie, at least on 1993's Dead Against It)? The robotic lounge rock approach actually is pretty charming. The songs are catchy, Julian's vox have an interesting balance of being pained and bored at once, the bassline of the title track is so hammy it's worthy of early Shonen Knife (this being a very high compliment), and it provides a nice soundtrack to doing household chores. Not exactly the description of The Album That Changed It All, but...c'mon, does anyone really think that anymore? Really?    Not the worst derivative drivel some say it is, and not the best of, really anything, probably. I used to think \\"Is This It?\\" when I listened to this album, but now I just bounce like Peppermint Patty while reaching for the next pot to scrub.
B00003CXB4|5.0|bought it for my sister she loved it ! it was brand new, loved it looked great !! :))
B002HWRYJE|4.0|I had always wondered how the bridge crew and scotty got together, this film answered all my questions in such a way that is both humorous and compelling.
B001KVZ6G6|4.0|This is a fun movie, but there are two problems with it: 1) the usual Disney previews that go on and on and are difficult to skip, and 2) my newer Blu Ray player wouldn't play it. My older player (Magnavox) played it just fine, but the HCT player got stuck in a loop right after the previews. This has only happened to one other Blu Ray movie, The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
0307454541|3.0|I'm not sure what all the hype is surrounding this book. It was a moderately engaging mystery with some good twists, but AT LEAST 250 pages too long. The entire thing to page 408 was one long information dump, and the secondary story line was totally left hanging at the end. Lisbeth Salander was by far the more interesting character, sensitively written and very enigmatic but it was her story that was left hanging at the end. After plowing through all that other info, I feel robbed of the payoff that I was actually interested in. Not sure if I'll read the sequel, hoping to find that payoff or not to chance it, considering if it's not there, there won't be any follow ups.
0962477060|5.0|I obtained a xerox copy from a friend, and liked the book so much I bought my own copy.  It's just right for me at my stage of practice at this time.  I was struggling with the CAGED system and memorizing all kinds of scales.  As an engineer, I can identify with the technical writing style of the author, he lays it out as it is, does not sugar coat anything, and strips it to the bone.  It's a lot of material to digest, but that's the way it goes, guitar is a tough instrument to play well, so at least make your learning and practice effective.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is such a good album, it even beats OK Computer in my preference. They go out of the mainstream and made a very different album, the alternative rock is still there along with lots of electronica and experimental rock. There's a lot of diversity ranging from the experimental, jazz influenced \\"The National Anthem\\" to slower acoustic ballads like \\"How To Disappear Completely\\". Than there's the instrumental tracks, \\"Kid A\\" and \\"Treefingers\\" which remind me of something from Pink Floyd's \\"[[ASIN:B004ZN9NCY Ummagumma]]\\", could possibly be one of their main influences while recording Kid A. Every song is excellent and Kid A is still my favorite Radiohead album. It's interesting, complex and creative which sets it apart from the mainstream. In Limbo and Optimistic are my personal favorite tracks from the album.
1423119509|5.0|When I began reading the first book in this six book series, I was hooked after the vary first Paragraph. I honestly could not put it down, and went through all six books in a little over two weeks, and still wanted more. Even though the auther says this is it, I do hope he writes more for the series, because I would be the first one in line, no matter the price. I Absolutly Loved This Set Of Books! The Author pulls you in, and never lets you go, and your off to the adventure of a lifetime. I honestly Dare You To Read the fitst chapter and then try not to read the rest. It IS That Captivating! If I could give this more then 5 stars I would in a heart beat.<br />  Enjoy Now<br />  Most Truly Yours<br />  Brian R.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|Wanted to state that the reviews of this movie are too long and give out too much information.  If I looked at the reviews before viewing I would know everything about this movie, glad I watched the movie prior to reading the reviews.      I loved this movie, I can see why it won best picture in Japan.  It was one of the best films I've seen in years, nuff said!
B000W799NU|5.0|Excellent movie-it took a while to get to me but it was worth the wait
B000HEWEJO|5.0|I wanted this movie in DVD format and was not displeased in any way. This movie is a timeless classic that reminds us what is important in life. I received the format in black & white and color (which I did not want, the color version I mean). James Stewart played the part of George Baily like no other person could have done. His girl-next-door wife played by Dianna Reed was the perfect part for a woman with her charms. I think we all have regrets in life over what we have done and have not done and plan to do. But this movie helps to keep us focused on the people around you and how your treatment of them affects them for years to come. Each of us influences the other and touches them in large and small ways, and the effects are long-lasting. It's A Wonderful Life also tells us that you don't have to work at some big Wall Street Firm, or in Hollywood, or in politics to make a difference. We all make a difference in our own way. Choosing to do good us up to us. You won't be disappointed with this movie.    David Lucero, author of THE SANDMAN  [...]
B001EAWMGA|4.0|The premise of this Sci-fi film are a bit of a stretch, even for the world of sci-fi, but the realization is very well done. The alien is one of the best jobs I've ever seen on film, and though Caviezel is a bit wooden, he does an adequate job as the \\"star-man\\". It's good to know that quality sci-fi like this is still being produced out of the main-stream, which allows the exploration of themes and ideas that might not be normally considered by the hollywood machine.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|This product was in good shape and describe properly.  Good delivery time considering the holidays.
B0012GMVDK|5.0|Cohen's rendition of \\"The Future\\" is, in my opinion, his best musical recording ever. The music is mystically haunting and draws one into the soul of it. Spellbinding.
B001HN69B8|4.0|Wacky and wild storytelling by \\"Monty Python\\" and \\"Brazil\\" director Terry Gilliam  [[[ASIN:B000G8NXZA Brazil - The Criterion Collection - (Single Disc Editon)]] [[ASIN:B00005O3VC Monty Python and the Holy Grail (Special Edition)]]] .  Waking this morning to the sun peaking out from dark clouds and wishing to seize the day, I thought I'd spend it by watching \\"Imaginarium.\\"  And Terry's story did seize up my imagination!<br /><br />If you will, a man who runs a huge temple upon a huge mountain (many Masonic symbols running through the film -- nothing to do with the plot, but interesting) with disciples floating on carpets -- meets the Devil and makes a Faustian bargain -- Parnassus will live a nearly immortal life in exchange for his daughter.  Reproduction comes upon him at 60 (relatively) and his daughter is about to turn 16.  The plot thickens.<br /><br />The good doctor and his small band run an \\"Imaginarium\\" which is a large, horse-drawn wagon that rides through modern London streets to entertain and to make a few quid from the passers-by.  Unfortunately, they always seem to park it in a bad parking lot or outside a bar at closing.  To say they get the drunks and weirdies is to say the least!<br /><br />Where's the magic?  Inside a Mylar mirror.  When Parnassus goes into a trance, one jumps in and finds himself in a world of their own making.  A rich woman is surrounded by diamond-studded Espadrilles.  Another, sailing in a Venice pool.<br /><br />For some reason, they meet a man and save him from hanging. This is not fully explained but we just go with the flow, you know.  Tony is alternately played by three actors, most likely to compensate for Leger's untimely death and to show alternate Tonys inside the Imaginarium.<br /><br />Tony (aka swindler and cheat) is falling for Valentina (the bait for the Devil, played playfully by Tom Waites) and decides to \\"modernize\\" the show.<br /><br />Decking it out in modern style, parking in malls where rich people hang out, and having Valentina dressing (long locks of hair covering the good parts) like a Godiva.  Lovely.<br /><br />Gillam's movie does jump around a lot and it is hard to keep track at times -- but if you just put your brain in neutral and enjoy the CGI imagery, it will all be fine.<br /><br />Some interesting if disturbing (and prophetic) scenes:  The celebrity photos of Rudolph Valentino, Princess Diana and so on float by in little boats.  Johnny Depp's character says that they will live on immortalized. Wow!<br /><br />Climbing ladders to the stars, dancing policemen in mini-skirts (very Python-esque), crazy trappings, screwy colors -- a druggie's dream for sure.<br /><br />I'm leaving a lot out of this review because it's really hard to pinpoint what the story is all about.  It's easy to follow the overall plot but the story does lean to and fro in a mishmash of color and light, the dark London exteriors, the rich and powerful wanting a release, the anachronistic Imaginarium, alive and magical, the good Doctor (played awesomely by Christopher Plummer) -- a drunk, a fraud & cheat, or is he really centuries old?<br /><br />The ending leaves one wondering if the whole movie was just my imagination.<br /><br />You can get away with grabbing this as a rental.  For Leger's final movie, I would like to imagine Dark Knight [[[ASIN:B001NFWSCE The Dark Knight: Wide Screen Collector's Edition (With 2-in-1 DC Comic Book and Two-Face Replica Collector Coin)]]] was his better performance.<br /><br />Cast & Credits<br />Tony Heath Ledger<br />Parnassus Christopher Plummer<br />Percy Verne Troyer<br />Valentina Lily Cole<br />Mr. Nick Tom Waits<br />Imaginarium Tony 1 Johnny Depp<br />Imaginarium Tony 2 Jude Law<br />Imaginarium Tony 3 Colin Farrell<br /><br />Sony Pictures Classics presents a film directed by Terry Gilliam. Written by Gilliam and Charles McKeown. Running time: 122 minutes. Rated PG-13 (for violent images, some sensuality, language and smoking).of hair covering the good parts) like a Godiva.  Lovely.     Gillam's movie does jump around a lot and it is hard to keep track at times -- but if you just put your brain in neutral and enjoy the CGI imagery, it will all be fine.      Some interesting if disturbing (and prophetic) scenes:  The celebrity photos of Rudolph Valentino, Princess Diana and so on float by in little boats.  Johnny Depp's character says that they will live on immortalized. Wow!    Climbing ladders to the stars, dancing policemen in mini-skirts (very Python-esque), crazy trappings, screwy colors -- a druggie's dream for sure.      I'm leaving a lot out of this review because it's really hard to pinpoint what the story is all about.  It's easy to follow the overall plot but the story does lean to and fro in a mishmash of color and light, the dark London exteriors, the rich and powerful wanting a release, the anachronistic Imaginarium, alive and magical, the good Doctor (played awesomely by Christopher Plummer) -- a drunk, a fraud & cheat, or is he really centuries old?    The ending leaves one wondering if the whole movie was just my imagination.      You can get away with grabbing this as a rental.  For Leger's final movie, I would like to imagine Dark Knight [[[ASIN:B001NFWSCE The Dark Knight: Wide Screen Collector's Edition (With 2-in-1 DC Comic Book and Two-Face Replica Collector Coin)]]] was his better performance.      Cast & Credits  Tony Heath Ledger  Parnassus Christopher Plummer  Percy Verne Troyer  Valentina Lily Cole  Mr. Nick Tom Waits  Imaginarium Tony 1 Johnny Depp  Imaginarium Tony 2 Jude Law  Imaginarium Tony 3 Colin Farrell    Sony Pictures Classics presents a film directed by Terry Gilliam. Written by Gilliam and Charles McKeown. Running time: 122 minutes. Rated PG-13 (for violent images, some sensuality, language and smoking).
B001U887WY|5.0|Received in a timely manner (within a week) The person I bought it for is loving them. Could not have gotten better!
B002JWD6AS|5.0|The book is beautifully written and will definitely take the reader for a ride. The ending has an amazing twist that really makes the reader want more. It is told by the two main characters point of view and during the book Sams past is subtly revealed. This book is something that a teen would love to immerse themselves in. I'd recommend it to anyone who loves a good fantasy romance.
B000VXKWU4|5.0|just before Saturday Night Fever  see how voices can be used  gets better and more intricacies with each listening  techniques from some of the great composers
0385737424|5.0|Frankly, I hadn't ever heard about \\"When You Reach Me\\" until one day I opened the New York Times and read about this book winning the Newbery Award for children's literature. The article introduced the book, and the author, Rebecca Stead, to me, and piqued my curiosity. A week later, and I have fallen in love with this magical, mystical and poignant look at young adulthood, in the 1970's in New York.<br /><br />Miranda is a slightly precocious, interesting child who is enchanted by \\"A Wrinkle in Time\\" and the concept of time travel. Living alone with her mother, she resides above her best friend Sal, a smaller boy with motivations of his own. They go to school, read, and live as much as kids did at that time. Miranda's mother has been selected as a contestant on the popular game show $20,000, which frames much of this novel.<br /><br />After school one day, a neighborhood bully, Marcus, walks up to Sal and Miranda walking home, and punches him, without rhyme or reason. Thus starts this tale, which eventually plays around with the concept of how much seemingly little events such as this have a hugh impact on our lives.<br /><br />Miranda starts receiving mysterious notes, hidden in things that only she can find. These notes seem to suggest that someone knows her, that someone is following her, and more importantly, someone knows what's going to happen in the future. She wrestles with the reality of the notes until things in the notes start to come true.<br /><br />What could have been a sci-fi-ish tale turns out to be a very human tale of redemption and caring. By the time you reach the end of the book, all mysteries will be explained fully, and you simply want to start reading this tale from the beginning once again.<br /><br />As a teacher, I would love to read share this book with my fourth graders and up. There are a few items of budding romantic interest that would stir some giggles in the room, but overall, the story will inspire some in-depth thinking, especially from some students who like to look beyond the text. Stead's novel is a quick, enjoyable read; and one that I shouldn't quickly forget.<br /><br />Recently, it seems that the Newbery Award has been criticized by people, fairly I believe, saying that the books they have been selecting as the best in children's literature aren't ones that teachers would actually use in their classroom (two recent picks come to mind). It seems that the Newbery has course corrected themselves, and selected a beautiful novel this time around, and I couldn't be more pleased!k beyond the text. Stead's novel is a quick, enjoyable read; and one that I shouldn't quickly forget.     Recently, it seems that the Newbery Award has been criticized by people, fairly I believe, saying that the books they have been selecting as the best in children's literature aren't ones that teachers would actually use in their classroom (two recent picks come to mind). It seems that the Newbery has course corrected themselves, and selected a beautiful novel this time around, and I couldn't be more pleased!
B00275EGWY|2.0|This is Iraq, Hollywood style, where the cocky hotshot teams with the I'm-getting-too-old-for-this guy, with the seeing-a-shrink sidekick along for the ride. There's no boredom in this war, just daily \\"do I cut the red wire or the blue wire\\" tension. The opening sequence is excellent. After that, it becomes highly predictable and formulaic, which a war movie, like life, shouldn't be.   I give the movie credit for cutting out the politics. Too bad there's little character development, beyond a sequence of the guys punching each other in the gut.
0810995522|5.0|I loved the first \\"Diary of a Wimpy Kid\\" book, and it would seem impossible that Jeff Kinney could match it with the sequel. But he did!     \\"Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules\\" is every bit as good, clever and funny as the first one. Kinney has a wonderful sense for the insecurities and problems of adolescence, and he comes up with one funny chapter after another. I read it all in one day.
B002CJ5YQW|5.0|Fast-paced, well choreographed, and absolutely believable, this movie is a super thriller! Masterful acting, much action, cutting-edge photography, and contextualized in today's world, this powerful story brings home a sharp reality.
0307588335|5.0|I bought this book after seeing the author Lawrence McDonald on several news programs. I found him to be very credible and very smart. I enjoyed the book very much and i recommend it highly to anyone who is interested in the finacial twist and turns of what happened to Lehman Brothers. I read it in one night. Sincerely, Heather Reilly
B001AQT11M|5.0|The m[[ASIN:B001AQT11M Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs]]ovie was even better than I remember and the best price I have seen for it,also I recieved it so fast.
B000O77SOK|5.0|The Practice was the best courtroom drama on TV and I was excited to see that it finally made its way to DVD.  However, after releasing the much-awaited Volume One in 2007, there's been a lull and no news about any subsequent volumes.  This was a great series and I would purchase every season if it were made available.  This volume does not disappoint.  It's the first season (six episodes) and then some of the episodes from the second season.  The first season shows the firm as it struggles to maintain viability while the lawyers are trying small-time misdemeanors from a shoddy office.  This season is a little more realistic than the rest, as these criminal defense lawyers, in later seasons, make millions raking up huge victories in civil court.  This is a great show and I can't wait for the rest of the volumes to get released.  Well worth the purchase.
B001FB55HQ|2.0|Earth is destroyed except for a few people and the machines.   John Connor gives Resistance radio pep-talks with all the inspiration of an annual tax form.  Death-row guy discovers that Skynet made him an infiltration Terminator and he screams, \\"Noooooo!\\"  Lots of fighting.  Stuff blows up.  Machines buzz.  Connor always escapes as the lone survivor of man-machine slaughtering while death-row infiltration Terminator keeps on fighting to save the day.  Neither man nor machine is deserving of victory and there's no prize for the winner.  It's just two hours of stuff grinding together.
0316017922|5.0|This book explains the real story behind different people in the world who are viewed as successul and what factors in their lives enabled them to accomplish what they have accomplished.  The most brilliant gem of wisdom I drew from this book was the 10,000 hours of preparation factor combined with the right opportunity.  I have found this book to be most insightful and inspiring. I would like more examples of acclaimed women, however.
B0001MDP3G|2.0|I like Nichole Kidman and Renee Zellweger so I thought it would be entertaining.  The violence was tolerable but when \\"hollywood\\" threw in a disgusting orgy scene, that was too much.  It left me feeling very disappointed on what could have been a good movie on the tenacity of human nature for survival during the American Civil War.  The scenery was good. Jude Law was also miscast for the love of Nichole.
1416960953|3.0|Item was in excellent condition once it arrived, however it took three weeks to get here AFTER we received notification it had been sent. Amazon's response was \\"if it was sent media mail it could take that long\\" but it was sent standard according to the seller. The pony express could have gotten it here faster. Recommend seller for quality of product, but do not recommend if you want your items in a timely fashion.
B00127RAJY|5.0|If you are pressed for time, but still want to get a thorough workout in, then the 30 Day Shred is for you.  It will kick your butt!  It works all areas and you feel as though you have worked out for an hour, when in reality it is only 20 minutes.  This workout is great to mix in with running, biking, tennis as it will create muscle confusion, especially if you rotate the workout levels 1, 2 and 3.  Jillian Michaels Rocks!
0060245867|5.0|Fantastic seller.  Quick delivery, even to Hawaii. Book was in great condition. Thank you
0764207407|5.0|\\"Sense and Sensibilty\\" by Jane Austen has always been a joy to read, but what I love the most about this latest edition of \\"Sense and Sensibilty\\" by Jane Austen,published by Bethany House, is the fact that throughout the book, there are little side notes that help give the reader a little insight to the time and traditions that \\"Sense and Sensibilty\\" by Jane Austen is set in.<br /><br />At the end of the reading, are \\"Conversation Questions\\" for both Jane Austen fans and book discussion groups to use to explore the world of Jane Austen, and what I personally think is Jane Austen's work, but then, as a lover of Jane Austen's writings, each book is her best work.<br /><br />I couldn't help but chuckle at the Editor's Note that apologize for the living dead (Thank goodness says I with a chuckle), but what is offer is a well-edited, easy to read, trivia filled work that just helps bring a deeper depth into one of many of Jane Austen's classics.<br /><br />Personally, I don't think one can own too many copies of \\"Sense and Sensibilty\\" and this particular edition has quickly won my heart as a must favorite and I have to regret to the Norton Edition of \\"Sense and Sensibilty\\" by Jane Austen, that this is now my all new favorite and soon to be well-loved, well-worn, well-traveled and well-read copy of \\"Sense and Sensibilty\\" by Jane Austen.
B002RVZV9U|5.0|If you're a rocker, young or old, you need to see/hear this. Incredible. Check bonus material.
087349976X|2.0|If you're looking for a really good basic book on making wire jewelry, this is not the one you want. Somebody else recommended Sharilyn Miller's \\"Bead on a Wire\\" instead, and I have to echo that sentiment.<br /><br />I ordered this book a few years ago, but after a casual flip-through I put it away with all my other jewelry making things. Unearthed it recently as I've started making jewelry again. I'm trying to remember why I ordered it... probably because I was intrigued by the cover project. Sure, there's a couple projects that have interesting elements to them, but overall, there's a few things I found disappointing.<br /><br />The poorly rendered \\"how to\\" illustrations top the list of disappointments. Clear as mud! Since I already had an idea of how to work with wire I could make out what they were trying to show, but I can see where the absolute beginner would find them frustrating. They would have better spent the money on good technique photos than these illustrations.<br /><br />Call me nitpicky, but there were a couple other things that bothered me. Tool marks, which should have been taken care of before photographing the pieces (or at the very least photoshopping them out to give the illusion that they were), and little issues of quality like ending a wrap on the front of a piece. It just looks bad.<br /><br />To be fair, there are some projects in the book that are good, and maybe worth trying out. But buying the book for those few projects? I can't recommend it.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I know;it didn't seem as if he'd intended things to go this way for him obviously but this really was..........it. Our local movie rental store was having a special pre release weekend rental for the DVD so I rented it. Ever since this came out my aunt and my best friend have seen this in the theater and highly recommended it. For a reason I can't be 100% sure of it was Michael Jackson who indirectly started my own personal interest in music and especially the performance of it. That's one of the view things I can say I really do have in common with most of my generation and I'm very proud of that. So what does this show us?What's it's meaning\\" Well Mike was about to do a comeback tour where he'd perform some of his best known tunes. This movie really does offer you a backstage pass to a group of happy and enthusiastic dancers and musicians all gearing up to work with their inspiration himself. As it turns out Michael Jackson is both a perfectionist and someone who understands the performers he's working with. His between rehersal chatting with these people is alternately constructive,humble and also easy going. He takes on the possition of a teacher/father figure to this band of dancers and players he later calls \\"a family\\". Along the way you get a look into the elaborate, modern multi media concepts he had for the show. On the final rehersals we find some the best live replications of his studio triumphs I've ever heard. Mike's respectful attitude really baught out the best in everyone involved and it would've been quite a show had it happened. The truth is it was also plainly obvious as,even while he was still outdoing some of the performers with his boundless energy there's a hint of resignation and sadness. Mike chose the songs in this performance for more than nostalgia;they all say something about his outlook on life. And he strongly emphasizes messages songs like \\"Man In The Mirror\\" and \\"Earth Song\\" which,while melodramatic are genuinely heartfelt pleas from Mike to actually feel empathy for others. And to those who think of this as gooey schmaltz......well Mike really meant the message in his music and his dialog brings that out. I was left with a strange mixture of delight and regret after watching this because I now firmly believe,with Michael Jackson not with us anymore in a musical context that a part of us are missing out on something we all need more of. I don't know exactly how to describe it fully but see this and you'lll probably catch onto the same idea too.y heartfelt pleas from Mike to actually feel empathy for others. And to those who think of this as gooey schmaltz......well Mike really meant the message in his music and his dialog brings that out. I was left with a strange mixture of delight and regret after watching this because I now firmly believe,with Michael Jackson not with us anymore in a musical context that a part of us are missing out on something we all need more of. I don't know exactly how to describe it fully but see this and you'lll probably catch onto the same idea too.
B0000084J7|5.0|This is, and has been for a few years now, my favourite album that I've come across. It may just be me, but I feel that Mark Hollis has through this work been able to tap into an emotional vault that is accessible to all willing listeners. He explores loneliness, hopefulness, solitude and spirituality, which are themes that I have picked up not so much through the lyrical content but rather by the methods through which the songs are composed, and the chordal arrangements between the instruments that have been adapted to song. The album is beautifully recorded and produced; a minimal amount of microphones have been used on the album to its benefit, as it reflects and adds to the thematic direction that Hollis employs in his songwriting. This is not an album for the weak-hearted. It is one that reaches deep into the realms of personal expression and pathos, and may resonate with potentially dark emotions and feelings that one may not which to explore. Mark Hollis is capable of doing this so deftly, it's somewhat of a worry. It's no surprise that he retired a few years after this album's release, not as though he'd be unable to top it, but anything less genuine would have been treacherous to his mission, and anything more may have driven him to insanity. This is the sort of album that you listen to on your own, so that you can allow it to converse with you, allow it negotiate with the workings of your psyche, which is where it has come from within the depths of Mark Hollis' mind. It's a beautiful album, complex yet simple, light yet dark, but definitely something that must be observed by an attentive ear. Be warned, it may not be for everyone, music aside.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|Bought this as a gift for two huge West Wing fans.  They have loved it.  Best price found and excellent presentation of materials.   Highly recommended.
B00009ATIX|5.0|This is a movie that makes you think.  Or, if you don't think (or don't want to think) much about what you're seeing, you probably won't enjoy it.    George Clooney goes out to a distant space station to find out what is going on with the crew after they send a mysterious message.  It is a puzzle for both Clooney and the viewer to figure out just what is going on, so in some ways it resembles a crime story.  Each of the crew faces their own personal demons as (it seems) some unknown force (or god?) plays mind tricks on them.    Along the way, the mysterious things that happen raise interesting metaphysical questions:  Is a cloned person really a person?  If you kill an exact copy of a person, did you really commit murder?  Is it a gift or a torment for someone close to you in a troubled past to come back from the dead?  (You are confronted with the troubles, but then again, maybe this time you can fix things.)  Imagining yourself in Clooney's position, the situation brings out the deep mysteries of what it means to be alive, what identity means, what morality means.    While this could just make for a depressing movie, in fact by the end there is a kind of acceptance which proved (at least for me) to be spiritually uplifting.  It also helps that the movie is visually beautiful (amazing dynamic and colorful shots of the nearby star, cool renditions of a space station) and that the sound track is sublime and mysterious itself.
B001ACG5Z6|5.0|The supplier was very prompt in getting us the book. My wife loved it! The book looked and smelled new. I am a return buyer at Amazon and they have never failed to satisfy us fully. Whether books or Sony computers Amazon will lead you to the best deals from reputable sellers. I recommend you try Amazon.com if you want a safe and reliable purchase on the internet. Fred in Ohio
B002T9H2L0|5.0|Simply awesome movie if you choose to admire so. Christoph Waltz and Brad Pitt are amazing actors. One of the best movie in recent times. I usually do not watch movies again but this one I yearned for watching again just after the movie finished.
0307388921|3.0|I got hooked in from the very first chapter, with the odd \\"voice\\" of the narrator, his strange upbringing and his mother's insane character. The second chapter was so raw, real, and at the same time completely ludicrous that I was with Palahniuk for the whole ride. Except... he kind of lost me along the way, what with the scenes in the Renaissance Pleasure Faire-type workplace that I thought were too outside the realm of any kind of reality to serve as the satirical whimsy he was attempting; the choking in restaurants escapades that concluded in a sort of corny way; and other misteps I felt just didn't match the enthusiasm, creativity and twisted pathos that he tapped into at the start of the novel.<br /><br />I like Palahniuk's writing style, but the style can't sustain a novel (for me) if the story and characters fall apart within that sparkling wordplay.  In \\"Fight Club,\\" however, he gets everything right.
B002K0WBXW|5.0|What a pleasant surprise this movie was. Leading woman & man Sandra Bullock & Ryan Reynolds deftly elevate this romantic comedy above what could have been standard formula fare. Bullock plays Margaret, a pretty but not-so-likable book editor who's all aggression & job focus; Reynolds plays Andrew, her dependable but secretly miserable secretary who jumps when she snaps her fingers. You practically know these characters' thoughts just by reading their faces: Margaret is brazenly indifferent to Andrew, who pretty much uses him as her doormat; Andrew quietly detests her, thinking she's the Wicked Witch of the West (or in this case, East). But all that changes when she's notified that her green card is invalid & she's going to be deported back to Canada. Suddenly, her entire future is in jeopardy. What to do? Simple---she grabs her secretary & informs her boss that they're engaged! The subtle confusion in Reynolds' eyes as they slowly convey panic is fun to watch. Under the scrutiny of an externally tough but wimpy deportation officer, Margaret is whisked away by her \\"fiancee\\" (after he blackmails her into a job promotion to secure his participation) to Sitka, Alaska to meet the well-off Paxton family, hoping to successfully break the news, have a \\"quickie marriage\\", then divorce later & go their separate ways. Naturally, during the course of events with the Paxtons, these two \\"working strangers\\" finally get to know each other for the first time, and what was all \\"pretend\\" becomes quite real & genuine.   The supporting cast is top notch: Craig T. Nelson & Mary Steenburgen are dependable as always as Andrew's parents; Michael Nouri, offering his cool presence (all too briefly) as Margaret's boss; and then there's the wonderful Betty White, still feisty & a natural scene-stealer well into her 80's. There are some great comic moments in the film---the bird of prey snatching up the family pooch (then Margaret's phone); Margaret's embarrassing \\"bachelorette party\\" with the girls as she's entertained by \\"Chippendales reject\\" Ramone; and the humiliating \\"running into each other naked\\" scene, to name a few.    Not an Oscar-winner, by any means. But Bullock & Reynolds play off each other so well in this that they are worth the watch. And besides, there are worse ways to spend your time than by not watching this engaging romantic comedy.
B001QOGYA4|5.0|What a joy to see old-fashioned Disney hand-drawn animation again, especially when it's done with such obvious love and attention as this. Watching the film was akin to eating a rich, satisfying meal. It ought to look amazing on Blue-Ray!    Some have criticized the story for not being very original or exciting. I disagree. It's a Fairy Tale, and Fairy Tales have to adhere to certain basic elements; however, I thought the filmmakers devised some wonderful twists on the formula. The characters are genuine and appealing. I was sort of surprised at how fond of them I'd grown by the end of the film -- unlike, say, the obnoxious characters in \\"Monsters vs Aliens.\\" One of the strengths of \\"Princess and the Frog\\" is how unpretentious the story is. They weren't trying to create an epic like \\"Lion King\\", or hammer home some social message. It was simply a fun, sweet story that had me leaving the theatre with a smile on my face and a song in my heart. Kudos all around! I will definitely be buying this one for my collection.
6304696515|2.0|I've purchased several DVD's from Amazon and I've always been very satisfied...until now.  This particular DVD was of very  poor quality, dark and grainy.  I would have sent it back, but it's not worth the postage.
B002NANLCE|2.0|I became aware of this book only after starting to see previews for ABC's television adaptation start popping up everywhere. The premise seemed interesting to me, so I decided to give it a go. Note: I have not watched the TV adaptation; I've only seen previews.    From the beginning, it's very clear that Mr. Sawyer is much more comfortable writing about the \\"science\\" than he is writing his characters. As other reviewers have noted, there are startling contradictions at times between the way his characters are described and their actual conduct. I grimaced every time he tried to write romance (which was far too often), and this is even after cutting him some slack given the decidedly peculiar set of circumstances our main set of characters find themselves in.    There are a number of editing tools employed to accelerate the pace of the book, which I was grateful for given how much I wasn't enjoying the read, but they didn't help improve my opinion of the author's skill. The story often suddenly lurched from event to contrived event and it usually amounted to an end run around passages that were beyond Mr. Sawyer's talents.    All and all, I enjoyed the sci-fi in this book, but the quality of the writing had me counting the number of pages left by the time I hit the second chapter. If you're not a dedicated fan of the author or extremely interested in the topic of time paradoxes, you might just want to opt for reading the synopsis and spending your money on another book.
B002ZHKZD8|5.0|Simply superb film. It makes you go \\"whoa, that's ill!\\".  I think it's beautifully executed. Someone gave me a b-day gift in the form of this film's 2 disc DVD. but i thought it[...] gave it a 93%/100, just 1% less then Casino Royale(which I love). Then I saw it(2 days ago), and was mind boggled. It's nearly perfect with amazing, brutal action and a perfect performance by Matt Damon. I also LOVE the camerawork. It didn't go overkill, either.  10/10    The print is also amazing.
B0015T5HKI|5.0|Without question, you can fairly call these masterpiece recordings the greatest performances of Beethoven's 5th and 7th (although others are contenders to that title). I have listened to many versions and these are gripping. The 5th is particularly astonishing; the momentum and power are incredible.<br /><br />There are many great Beethoven recordings to choose from. For the Beethoven's 7th I like [[ASIN:B00122V0IG Hornoncourt and the Chamber Orchestra of Europe]]. Compare the two. The winds, sound and overall balance are excellent. Also, an equally great Beethoven's 5th is [[ASIN:B002QM4NIK Vanska and the Minnesota Orchestra Beethoven Fifth]] from the outstanding [[ASIN:B002QEXN6Q Vanska and the Minnesota Orchestra's Complete Beethoven Symphonies]]. The \\"voice,\\" dynamics and readings are superb and true to Beethoven, although the power eruption is not stunning like [[ASIN:B000001GPX Kleiber and Wiener Philharmoniker's Beethoven Symphonies 5 & 7]]. Listen to a few versions and decide for yourself. They all are wonderful.
B002ZHKZCY|4.0|Freaking awesome!!!  This movie is just adrenaline-pumping. I never got bored. The action is just superb. The unstable camera went overkill at times at times there was no action, though. Otherwise, it's perfect. AND MATT DAMON...IS BOURNE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00122V0IG|5.0|I am a fan of the CEO and my opinion is probably biased. No other recordings of Beethoven symphonies I have heard clearly surpass this outstanding collection. The winds are particularly exceptional. The sound is phenomenal. Yes, other fantastic Beethoven symphonies are just as good in different ways and could be called &quot;the best,&quot; such as [[ASIN:B002QEXN6Q Vanska and the Minnesota Orchestra]] and [[ASIN:B000001GPX Kleiber and the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra]], but this set by the great COE and Hornoncourt is one by which I compare others. I recall that it received a score of 10/10 from CD Audio Magazine (I think that was the name). There are many other good ones to choose from, such as Abbado, Bernstein, Fricsay, Karajan, Szell, Klemperer, etc.
B002ZHKZCO|4.0|The action really blew my mind back in the days. Even now, this movie is amazing. The print is great (I've seen better Blu Rays, but this movie is a bit old). The direction is awesome. A great suspense thriller w/ great action and performances.
0141000198|4.0|Bridget Jones's Diary turned out to be a clever book. I really liked the unique diary-esque entries. I particularly enjoyed the daily weight, calorie, alcohol, cigarette, lotto ticket totals, because it is something neurotically real. Especially because I had seen both movies before reading the book, I couldn't help but use Renee's voice as the narrator in my head. Written with British humor, with a very British style, I really enjoyed the language of the story as something different than my usual.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|This is a true christmas classic.  This is a yearly Christmas Eve tradition in my family.  I bought this one as a gift.  This movie always makes Christmas and the Christmas spirit come alive.  A must have for everyone to have in their video library.
B002VPE1AW|2.0|A marvelous technical movie, but very painful and upsetting to watch humans attempting to destroying another race and planet as they have done so often on earth.
0812973992|5.0|Simply put, this is a great book.      In 1974, Petit tight-walked across the chasm between the towers of the World Trade Center.  He excited the imagination of the normally uber cynical New Yorkers.  That has been the subject of its own books.  Here, Mr. McCann uses that as the fulcrum for the story of several New Yorkers' lives.  All are tangentially connected, but it is the individual stories that bind this book made up of chapters of varying length each devoted to a different character.  The characters portrayed are as diverse as the city's population.    The book starts with a rather long biography of two Irish brothers who emigrate to NY.  One is the story-teller, the other a monk of some questionable order who befriends the whores of the Bronx.  The characters spin from there.  There are chapters devoted to a whore, a judge, a mother of a son who died in Viet Nam, Petit himself (although never named), another mother of dead vets, a teenage photographer and a child of a prostitute.  Each character study is unique unto itself, yet McCann does just enough to connect them.    There is another aspect of this book that is remarkable.  Mr. McCann really captures the NYC of 1974 - the crime, filth and cynicism, while Park Avenue remained separate and apart.      No one does unhappiness like a good Irish writer, and Mr. McCann is a good, if not excellent, Irish writer.  The reader has to look hard to find glimmers of hope and rejuvenation.  They are there, but buried deep in the lives of these characters who all have their personal burdens and demons.  Above it all, literally and figuratively, is Petit and his feat.    These characters will linger for a very long time in the memories of the readers of this book.  Although it started slowly, by the end of the book I was wishing it would never end.
B001FB55H6|3.0|To give credit where due: this movie goes beyond the simplistic formulas of the usual superhero movies, and attempts to deal with SOCIAL issues, rather than just individual ones.  For example, clearly avoiding nuclear holocaust is preferable to merely cleaning up streetgangs who happened to hurt a friend.    And it tries to get beyond the rigid dualism of GOOD vs. EVIL, by intimating that most of the times things are not so clear.  For example, Veidt is a liar and a murderer, but does it in a greater cause--which really is a greater cause, and not merely self-serving.    Also, it presents a lot of characters, and they go through changes--all of which adds interest.  Oddly, Rorschach is the most interesting, and the best actor.    However, the take on social issues, while laudable in principle, is lame in practice.  The movie is still hobbled by its \\"the political is always personal\\" outlook.  For example, when Veidt and Rorschach finally face off, no resolution is possible except for one of them to blow the other up.    As in all superhero movies, the special effects are more important than the people.  You don't really know if Billy Crudup is affectless because the character demands it, or if he just can't act.    All in all, this picture is unsettling and not very instructive or fun.    I'm glad I saw it.  And I will never watch it again.
B002VPE1AM|5.0|While its initial previews made it look like [[ASIN:B000A9QK78 FernGully]] meets [[ASIN:B00008PBZZ Dances with Wolves]] with extra-large Smurfs in action, you can rest assured that James Cameron's epic return to the game, \\"Avatar,\\" is more than meets the eye. With twelve years gone by since the director's previous record smashing film, it's safe to say that his absence has been felt. There are very few directors who throw themselves into their work like Cameron does, and more often than not, his films are not only hits, but cinematic landmarks. Like his special effects break-through in [[ASIN:B001VLBDD0 Terminator 2 - Judgment Day]] and the massive scope and success of [[ASIN:B00000JLWW Titanic]], \\"Avatar\\" is yet another benchmark film.<br /><br />All the work Cameron put into \\"Avatar\\" (which has been on the back-burner since the mid-90's) has no doubt paid off, and if its box office receipts are any indication, this is a movie that is not soon to be forgotten, and is one for the ages that will be appreciated by generation after generation. Yeah, it's that good. If this generation has a \\"Star Wars,\\" then this, my friends, is it. Its visual effects are absolutely stunning and combined with the unique 3D presentation creates a world that you can truly disappear into. At times, you will forget you are watching a movie. You'll feel like you're in the jungle and you'll feel like you're a part of the battle. It's the little the things and the attention to detail that make the film so sweet. James Cameron is a perfectionist, and not for one moment does he let the 3D element of this film go to waste. It's less of a gimmick here and more of a device to transport you into the near-perfect world he has created.<br /><br />While the plot itself isn't ground-breaking material - the man vs. nature thing has been done to death - it is presented in a way that manages to entertain and stimulate the senses while not beating you over the head with its message. It helps, too, that the pacing is smooth and the plot never sags. At about two hours and forty-five minutes long, you never feel the urge to look at the time or think of anything else (especially if you are seeing it in its best element - an IMAX theater). As far as the action sequences go, fans who have been craving a dose of the good stuff since \\"Terminator 2\\" hit theaters back in 1991 will feel more than satisfied, even if the bulk of it is saved for the final act.<br /><br /> If there are any flaws to be found, it is in the character department. While some are well-fleshed out and as three-dimensional as the film itself (Worthington, who also starred in the Cameron-less [[ASIN:B001FB55HQ Terminator Salvation]] gives a strong and sympathetic performance) there are a few that seem to fall by the wayside. Take the characters played by Joel David Moore ([[ASIN:B000WC389G Hatchet]]) and Michelle Rodriguez ([[ASIN:B00005R87Q The Fast and the Furious]]). Both characters fade in and out of the plot, and there are moments where you aren't sure where they stand. I suspect this is a case of the film being edited down to fit a fair time slot (although it could have been longer and not worn out its welcome) and there are some character moments that will be restored in a future \\"Director's Cut\\" of the film.<br /><br />All in all, \\"Avatar\\" is a simply awesome cinematic experience. There have been few films to succeed with such broad goals, and yet, Cameron has managed to come back after many had either written him off or assumed he was done, and changed the game completely. Yes, it's hard to swallow all the hype that has accompanied this project, but if ever there was a film so deserving, it is this. If movies are meant to take you away to a different world to escape reality for a few hours, then \\"Avatar\\" more than does its job. Experience it now, while it's still in theaters. This deserves to be seen on the biggest screen possible, and is a film you won't want to hold out for on DVD.h and the plot never sags. At about two hours and forty-five minutes long, you never feel the urge to look at the time or think of anything else (especially if you are seeing it in its best element - an IMAX theater). As far as the action sequences go, fans who have been craving a dose of the good stuff since \\"Terminator 2\\" hit theaters back in 1991 will feel more than satisfied, even if the bulk of it is saved for the final act.      If there are any flaws to be found, it is in the character department. While some are well-fleshed out and as three-dimensional as the film itself (Worthington, who also starred in the Cameron-less [[ASIN:B001FB55HQ Terminator Salvation]] gives a strong and sympathetic performance) there are a few that seem to fall by the wayside. Take the characters played by Joel David Moore ([[ASIN:B000WC389G Hatchet]]) and Michelle Rodriguez ([[ASIN:B00005R87Q The Fast and the Furious]]). Both characters fade in and out of the plot, and there are moments where you aren't sure where they stand. I suspect this is a case of the film being edited down to fit a fair time slot (although it could have been longer and not worn out its welcome) and there are some character moments that will be restored in a future \\"Director's Cut\\" of the film.     All in all, \\"Avatar\\" is a simply awesome cinematic experience. There have been few films to succeed with such broad goals, and yet, Cameron has managed to come back after many had either written him off or assumed he was done, and changed the game completely. Yes, it's hard to swallow all the hype that has accompanied this project, but if ever there was a film so deserving, it is this. If movies are meant to take you away to a different world to escape reality for a few hours, then \\"Avatar\\" more than does its job. Experience it now, while it's still in theaters. This deserves to be seen on the biggest screen possible, and is a film you won't want to hold out for on DVD.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|I thought the seller said the product was used, but when I recieved it in the mail it looked and smelled brand new! My family and I love this program. Everyone should own a copy! Thanks :))
B002QP145C|5.0|I'd been putting off purchasing this movie, not really one to appreciate European cinema.  However, I can recommend The Winter War wholeheartedly!  This war story was classical David & Goliath, demonstrating the heroism of the outnumbered Finns and the rigid strategies of the Soviet war machine that resulted in terrible, senseless, slaughter, a universal trademark of the communists.  Weapons buffs will find a splendid buffet of rifles, automatic weapons, anti-tank cannons, armor and aircraft.       The movie contained more than sufficient gore and dismemberment for anyone with a soul or conscience.  And, while the action was realistic enough to give the viewer a \\"you are there\\" feeling, the horror factor mercifully remained a notch lower than the screaming, traumatic violence of bloody combat you'll see in the early scenes of Saving Private Ryan.  And, that's okay.       Thankfully absent were self-damning Hollywood-type anti-war platitudes.  War is never good, but when national survival is at stake, it's preferable to slavery.  No apologies are necessary, especially where the Finns are concerned.           The Winter War is definitely NOT a B movie.  The characters, good and bad, were made real, as was the combat.  The photography is excellent.  The subtitles aren't a distraction.  I rate it five stars, because it simply is that good!
B000RZIGVS|2.0|I own many seasons of many shows, this is the first time I have bought an entire show in one box. How dreadful that mistake was. Bonus features aren't that interesting, there's no play all option for the episodes(which is something I have never not seen on a tv season) Now, the worst part, half of the episodes are GLITCHED! So far I have seen like 6 episodes that would not play and the discs are sparkly clean. Usually in other TV seasons, if I get a glitched episode I can take the Dr scratch repair thing to it and it'll work flawlessly. Dr scratch has little to no effect on these. Also since I purchased this collection my DVD player has been making a loud knocking noise. I'll admit the built in DVD player in my TV is old and probobly starting to die out, so I am going to try my ps3. Hopefully it'll work better. From my fellow star trekkers, buy the seasons separately, I hear they are of a much higher quality. Let me make one thing clear though, THE SHOW IS AMAZING! This boxset however, is not. I only gave it two stars because I like the disc art on the front of the discs.
B0027CSNBM|4.0|I'm a fan of the other Percy Jackson and the Olympian books and patiently awaiting the movie to be out in the theater.  This book is a great little \\"tide over\\".  It features three short stories involving Percy, other Demigods, and a little of the bigger gods.  The short stories are as captivating as the full size books, diving right into the action and problems that always seem to find Percy.<br /><br />There is a map of the camp and portraits of some of the books characters.  Both seem a little off, the map in scale and the portraits don't look like the descriptions we are presented with through out the book.  The portraits don't look like the characters in the movie either, so I'm not sure where the artist drew inspiration from.  There are a few short interviews with characters that are generally cute, even if they are a little indulgent at times.  The end of the book has some crossword and word jumbles to complete and it ends with an excerpt from the next book (THe Last Olympian, which is already out).
1595141715|5.0|My Thoughts: Wow. We meet Clay who arrives home one day to find a box full of cassette tapes from a girl named Hannah who committed suicide. I can't even begin to tell you how I felt about this story. From the first page on, I was hooked. I wanted to know what happen and I wanted to know more about Hannah. We discover throughout each tape how the people on the tapes had an influence on her life. This book really hit home with me, when I was a senior in high school, I had a friend who took her own life. Each page I felt more in tune with Clay and I wanted to hug him and make him feel better. I wanted to hug Hannah and tell her she was going to be ok and not hurt herself. We go through the tapes with Hannah and she explains everything. I can't really stress how emotional this book is. Theres just not many words that haven't already been said about it. Its beautiful and its real. Most people don't think about what their words mean to someone, or how their actions influence someone. Everyone needs to read this book at least once. Truly an emotional story. It had me in tears a few times because I could understand Clay's pain on losing Hannah.<br /><br />Overall: Emotional. I really enjoyed reading this book because I haven't read much lately that makes you sit down and think about the book for days afterword.<br /><br />Cover: It fits. Its a little depressing, but in a beautiful way.
B002UJIY7A|3.0|Written and directed by David Twohy (\\"Pitch Black\\"), \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" is, if I may borrow the tagline of the film, about \\"6 Strangers. 2 Killers. No Getting Away.\\" Set in Hawaii (but also shot in Puerto Rico and Jamaica), the film is a perfect example of old-fashioned B-thriller for modern audiences - you know those old black-and-white films about strangers trapped in some isolated place - but whether you like the film or not depends on the extent to which you accept the film's quite \\"unique\\" solution.    The six \\"strangers are actually three pairs of lovers: Cliff (Steve Zahn) & Cydney (Milla Jovovich); Nick (Timothy Olyphant) & Gina (Kiele Sanchez); and Kale (Chris Hemsworth) & Cleo (Marley Shelton). The three pairs are in the remote forest and beach in Hawaii, \\"the most gorgeous dead end God ever made.\\" And there was a brutal murder at the hotel in Honolulu and the two suspects, it is reported, are still at large.    Without giving too much away, \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" will keep you guessing, and you will guess wrong. This is not to say David Twohy's script is creative or ingenious. Rather, his often self-conscious screenplay (two characters talk about the writer's job) relies on one idea too much, and this idea is too ambitious to some. Some viewers may guess it right, but even so, most of them would dismiss the idea instantly.     And I hear some people complain, saying they are kind of cheated. It is understandable. \\"A Perfect Getaway\\" needs a tighter and more detailed build-up to the climax. The location is so beautiful, and thanks to the good acting (especially from Timothy Olyphant), suspense is there, but not from the beginning which is a bit too long and dull. Once you know the truths about the characters, the film suddenly becomes a very conventional thriller with familiar plot devices, overacting, and unnecessary violence, the last thing the writer/director wanted this film to be.
0312958455|5.0|I always wonder how one writer can keep cranking out so many books and still maintain the quality, but Connelly does it.  I won't go into any of the plot if you've never read any of his books, start if you have you will enjoy this one also.
B001NXDIMK|1.0|ONE OF THE BEST SHOWS ON TELEVISION. WHERE IS THE BLURAY EDITION? PURCHASED SEASON ONE ON BLU. WANT SEASON 2 ON BLU. UNBELIEVABLE!
B0011HF6GE|5.0|If this album - either the story behind it, the music, or hopefully, both - doesn't move the listener profoundly, then as far as I'm concerned, the listener does not have a heart that is capable of loving a human being the way a human being wishes to be loved. It might not have been Justin Vernon's intention, but he has created something at once heart-weakening and life-affirming in \\"For Emma.\\" Wear headphones and take it in. Again and again and again - I don't think I'll ever get sick of this accidental pi&egrave;ce de r&eacute;sistance.
B002O5M4SA|5.0|The short and sweet of it...    I love this movie.  While this blu-ray doesn't have much if anything extra over the director's cut extended DVD.  The upgrade in audio and visual fidelity is worth every penny.  Watching this version was almost like seeing the movie for the first time all over again.    Do not hesitate to buy.  Even if you already own the DVD.
B0014ESXL4|4.0|Does anyone have any photos from this concert in Pittsburgh? I was there as a youngster and everyone rushed the stage as they broke into Light my Fire. I ended up on the edge of the stage and Morrison danced over and shook my hand. I was wondering if that was captured on film.   Thanks,  Pete
B001684L0A|5.0|Thanks to HBO, I have a much better understanding of the foundation of our country.  Great product for the high school level home schooled student or anyone interested in American history.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|This a totally awesome book for twilight fans!!! I am a majorly into twilight stuff and believe this is a perfect series for me!!!
B002W6Z0UK|5.0|This cd is just awesome. It brings your emotions up and then down. Every track is interesting and more or less tells a story. At first, I wasn't sure about a few tracks (since I mainly bought it for 'Bad Romance'), but once I actually sat down and listened to the lyrics/sound, I ended up loving them all. If you are a Gaga fan, you MUST have this album. =]
B0011UJMK2|5.0|I can't remember the last time a book kept me up til 4 a.m. I'm really looking forward to reading more from this writer.
B0026P3G12|5.0|This is a beautiful CD and the songs chosen for her seem so appropriate for her voice and type of music for her voice.  I highly recommend it.
0316017922|5.0|A new favorite- Mr. Gladwell shares some very personal information about himself and his family, along with a compelling set of stories and data to show that outliers (the extraordinarily successful) are often largely due to the accumulated good will and fortune of others.
B0000VCZKW|5.0|If you are a teacher or student who would like to get back vicariously at an unfair school principal, this movie is especially for you. The principal in this movie, Agatha Trunchbull, is worse than a martinet: She is diabolically mean, even reminiscent of some of the SS women in charge of the defenseless prisoners at Nazi-German concentration camps during WWII.<br /><br />Eight-year old prodigy Matilda had been the offspring of parents who had no time for her. They cared only about money and pleasure. Her father was a proudly-dishonest used-car dealer, about to be busted by the FBI. She basically raised herself. When entering school, Matilda met her 2nd-grade teacher, Miss Honey, and soon showed that she was years ahead of all the other students in terms of academic skills. This teacher appreciated her talents and her increasingly-obvious magical skills, took her under her wing, and became her closest friend. Miss Honey exhibited a decidedly different vision of school teaching, and childrens' needs, than did the principal. Miss Honey was no less afraid of the principal than the children of that school.<br /><br />So how to deal with the indifferent parents and the horrible child-hating principal? Watch this hilarious movie and you will be entertained and surprised.
1591840562|5.0|Guy Kawasaki makes this robust entrepreneur's resource an easy read with his humor, down-to-earth style, and the very relevant and personal way in which he shares his insights. It does come across as very Mac-friendly (a little too much Mac evangelism for my taste) but it is definitely a great read. I actually plan to read it again and go through it with my pen turned on. I highly recommend this book.
0374531943|5.0|Prior to reading this book, I had read Gene Cernan's \\"Last Man on the Moon\\" and Andrew Chaikin's \\"Man on the Moon.\\"  While both are good books in their own right, and well worth reading, only Collins was able to fully allow the reader to understand what it was like to be an astronaut in the heady days of the space program.  As a Gemini and Apollo astronaut, his insight is detailed, though not terribly technical, and really brings to light the many complexities of the space program.  That we did what we did during those days with no mission related fatalities or even injuries (Apollo 1 was a training accident, rather than mission related - though not to minimize it) is a testament to the extensive training and superior professionalism of all involved with the space program.  Collins is candid, thorough, honest and entertaining in his account of his days in the space program.  For fans of, or those curious about, the space program, this has to be the definitive account of what it was like, how they were selected and trained, crew selection, family life, and behind the scenes happenings, as well as the actual missions.  Highly, highly, highly recommended.
031236198X|4.0|Kotter uses a simple, yet powerful story to illustrate the Leading Change model from his earlier books. This makes the concepts memorable and presents them naturally- the storyline is fun and engaging. It's a very quick read and yet shares the \\"meat\\" of his research. It would be a great book to read as a team- and my 9 year old is even interested in it! Good stuff.
B002Q4U9YU|5.0|I don't know what the CD sounds like, because I did not break the seal ... I bought it as a collection, but I'm sure the music is great.  I did see the movie in the theater and I enjoyed it so much that I pre-ordered four copies of the DVD to give too family members.    ESJ
006135323X|4.0|I liked this book- it's very research based and highlights how we so often make decisions that are not in our best interest because of our own biases, assumptions, and emotions.
B0015OKWL2|4.0|Very well constructed story of Police vigilante-ism, if you will, with superb casting. Best performances are from DeNiro, Cugino, and Jackson.<br />Movie stalls with some in-your-freakin'-face-feminism - nothing wrong with that - but Cugino as Detective [see below], and a successful 25 year old daughter who calls from California to assure De Niro he's a real cop, plus an ex-addict who actually helps DeNiro and Pacino on a case, are unnecesssary.<br />Actually, Cugino is so strong in this role, I'm convinced she should have played Pacino's part! Although the character she did play is pivotal to the plot resolution, it still is one which strains credulity: a Cop who loves to bed Cops and other guys who perform dangerous tasks. It would have been more interesting if she played a kind of recovering \\"call girl\\" who tries *not* to fall in love with her favorite client. Stereotypical, yes, but tell me that wouldn't have worked!<br />Curtis Jackson should have a huge career in movies as a result of his work here - he takes command of every frame.
0452284392|4.0|A very insightful book- focusing on the historical and technical side of various networks (biological, technological, social, etc). The book provides a lot of cases and real-world scenarios, applying learning about network links to terrorism, to the financial crisis, and to Hollywood. Even though it's quite technical in nature and not exactly an easy read, it is both valuable and interesting.
B000003C4K|5.0|This album is an absolute classic in thrash metal. Each song is excellent with great lyrics, heavy fast riffs, awesome solos, and great thrashing drums.  Best songs are Bonded By Blood, And Then There Were None, A Lesson In Violence & Metal Command. Basically if you're a thrash metal fan buy this . Thrash !!!!!
055380684X|5.0|This is a fantastic book! I've just added it to my \\"favorites\\" list, it has already shaped the way I think abour my learning, work, and performance. The author presents a compelling model for understanding and developing talent- using a scientifically based and well articulated model. It is a joy to read and fascinating as it integrates the best science of social and cognitive psychology with neurology and biology. The new insights he shares about myelin and white matter in the brain, which unlocks new mysteries around how we learn and develop skills, is ground breaking. I recommend this to anyone and everyone- especially for parents, coaches, managers, students, and anyone else that wants to increase their learning and performance.
B0017WCG48|5.0|Playing vinyl record albums is a lost art, and few people, even back in the day, understood what adjustments should be made to get the best sound out of their record. A lot of the reviews here are bashing the Master of Puppets re-issue (along with most other re-issues) for sounding \\"muffled\\". What most folks don't know is that a simple adjustment to the VTA (vertical tracking angle) of their player's arm will make a WORLD of difference. Record player's arms were set at a standard angle (23 degrees, for most record players) to sound best when playing a record of \\"standard\\" width (there was no real record standard width.) A thinner than average record often sounds tinny when played on most record players, while thicker albums sound muffled. The new 180 grain re-issues are thicker than the average record that most record players are set up to play, so reviewers who are complaining of muffled records are probably unaware that their record players are the problem, not the records. Mess with the angle of the arm on your record player and you'll be amazed at the sound you can get out of these re-issues!
B0011UBDTK|1.0|Ok let me start by saying im a guy and Iam almost positive this show's target audience is 16-30 year old women. Ive watched about 4 episodes total of this show with my girlfriend. Not only was there not much of a plot to these episodes but the voice over of Sarah Jessica Parker throughout the entire episode kind of wears on you. All the men in the show are either gay or are made out to be a tyrant of some sort. And basically it just seems like a show were a group of women complain about their encounters and love life. Blah blah blah blah blah............. I really dont see the appeal to this at all.
1416572287|4.0|If you are interested in the physical sciences and don't know much about quantum mechanics, then this is a pretty good book to get you started.  You will get more out of it if you have at least studied chemistry and physics at the high school level.    As you might expect, incorporating the (imaginary) thoughts of a pet dog keeps the reading on the lighter side and injects a mild amount of humor.    I like to ponder the universe without having to have a PhD.  Books like this one give me enough mental fuel to stretch my imagination when pondering the natural world around me as well as existing and future technology.    If you can't describe quantum mechanics on a simple level and you are curious about the subject, this book will fill the void well and keep you moderately entertained.  I have to admit that while I liked the author's ability to simplify that which is complex, I was distracted a little by the actual inclusion of the dog in the text.
0446567337|1.0|i think that this is a classic case of purposely trying to give a book an unhappy ending regardless if it fits the characters or not. in my opinion, the ending would have never turned out this way if the characters were real. not believable...depressing....waste of two nights. thank goodness i read it on my kindle and didn't pay full price for the book.
0446581348|5.0|I bought this book because I was looking for a book that would not only tell me but also show with photos how to apply make-up properly.  This book certainly lived up to my expectations.  I have always wanted to learn how to do a smoky eye, and now I know how to properly do a smoky eye because of this book.  The photos are great but so are the explanations.  I definitely recommend this book to anyone who is looking to learn how to apply make-up.  I think the book may be too simplistic for someone who is not a make-up novice.
B001E5FYS8|5.0|The current blockbusters of the recent holiday season were Avatar and 2012.  Neither of those films come close to the heart-pounding, nerve-jangling, edge-of-your-seat excitement generated by this movie!  This was THE death-defying, mind-blowing, pre-CGI artistic feat of the century.  You are really missing something special if you don't see this awe-inspiring film.  You will walk away (albeit on solid ground) with a renewed appreciation for cinema verite.
0810993139|5.0|Ok, so I had not planned on reading this book. After all it was classified as being read only for the age group of 7-10 year olds and clearly I thought I had missed the mark by 18 years. However what attracted me to the book was the cover and the fact that I had read an excerpt on Amazon.com and really wanted to read the rest of the book. Greg is your regular, next door teenage kid who is in the 6th Grade and has recently started discovering girls and liking them or always has as he claims. He does not want to call his journal a \\"Diary\\" as Diaries are for sissies. .    The journal that is filled is all about his experiences at school and with his best friend Rowley - right from wanting to be safety guard at school so he can get free hot chocolate to wanting to figure out what to wear for Halloween. It charts the life of a kid and it does not end at this volume. There are 3 more (at least till now) journals to go. This book is not only for kids, for I think whoever reads it will get a kick out of it. Kinney knows how to make me laugh - just took me by surprise so many times in the book - for instance when Greg wants a video game for Christmas and ends up getting a sweater by mistake, or when he talks about getting out of bed on weekends and the only thing that can get him to is when he cannot stand the taste of his own breath. It is intelligent writing.    Comic Illustrations appear on every page of the book. There are neat line stick figures that complement the story telling. It is by no chance a graphic novel at all. It is an illustrated novel. It is a must purchase for everyone who likes a bit of fun reading on the side.
0882709194|1.0|Being interested in reading Darwin's theory, I was really excited when I got the chance to own the book. How disappointed I was to find that awful introduction- plus the constant reminders throughout the book that the introduction was there. Not only that, but the Darwin part was in cramped, hard to read font (perhaps to dissuade readers- and in contrast to the intro), and I learned later that \\"abridged\\" meant the important stuff was left out.    Please don't waste your time with this edition- invest in the actual thing.
630280082X|5.0|NOT the Britney Spears movie.  But there is a crazy devil woman who can dance like a, uh, crazy devil woman.  And don't worry about Ralph Macchio.  He can't have her.    See you in Hell, Blind Boy.  And, oh, he can get you there real quick.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|The Gran Torino, as a car, is a vivid symbol of a glorious past when the blue collar worker was economically well off and America, especially industrial towns like Detroit were prosperous. Clintwood shoots the film in Detroit in contemporary US with the auto industry down on its knees and where new immigrants have moved into the homes earlier owned by white Americans like Kowalski. Whatever the change in demographics, the basic problems of crime or gang warfare and territorial passions remain unchanged. The ethnicity may have changed, but the human condition has not. We see the slow evolution of Kowalski from a being an unabashed racist to a 'humanist' if I may use the word in context. With Clint Eastwood, violence remains as a constant -- something that does not change but has to be handled. And Kowalski is portrayed as a Korean war veteran whose been there and done that. Death is something that he has experienced first hand and I liked the poignant moment when he tells the priest that he knows very little of death. In fact, the hard life that he has experienced has brought a sense of irreverance to faith and religion. In fact in his stage of life, when the majority in his age group would gravitate towards religion, the opposite happens to Kowalski and it this is extremely well portrayed by Clint Eastwood. He would rather sort out the dilemmas of life himself than rely on a youngster just out of a seminary. To my mind, through this portrayal Eastwood is making a statement about religion and the intermediaries between man and God, who may not have the experience and judgment to advise as they do and about organized religion of all forms. In a completely stunning, well planned, meticulously thought out move, Eastwood uses death as a surprise. His meticulous and langorous planning for the grand finale (including the winding up of his affairs, leaving the dog at his neighbours and making peace with the priest, if not the almighty) and leaving the Gran Torino not to hisgrand daughter but to his new friends, not only speaks about what goes on in the community, but his own personal transformation as a human being and preparation for the final journey, when all worldly confusion has come to an end. I have watched all the movies that Clint Eastwood has made over the years. This one is outstanding, with the same kind of subtle acting that we saw in Bridges of Maddison County or A Million Dollar Baby. Arguably, this is his best as an actor. It is a complex piece of movie making made simple through that art of great story telling and a very sure and mature thought process. This is good old wine to be savoured and enjoyed.
B002NPY7E0|5.0|I am rating this movie simply for volume (there were only three other reviews).  \\"Angel Heart\\" is a dandy.  There's really no other movie quite like it.
B000784WMW|1.0|Just love this version of \\" Jane Eyre\\" but each dvd I received was defective and wouldn't play the last 11th chapter. It is so frustrating to get right to the ending and not view the outcome. I went to walmart on line and ordered the same dvd. I got it right away & the dvd was perfect. It took forever to get the dvds from Moviemars, plus had to buy mailers to send them back & ship. Unfortunately I have sent for more dvds from Moviemars and going through the long wait to get them & hope they to aren't defective. Kirbys from wilton, Me bought dvd at amazon.com
0385341008|4.0|At first I had a difficult time getting into this book.  It is written in a format that is different than I am used to reading.  It takes about 20 pages to really start to get into it and some of my friends said that it took them even longer.  It is a good book and as you read you begin to get into the story and its characters.  It's a book that is fiction but based on fact; a story of the German occupation of the Channel Islands in the English Channel and specifically the island of Guernsey.  Before I read this book I didn't even know that there were islands in the English Channel.  The story tells of the people on Guernsey and how they learned to cope in this extremely trying time, with all their communications cut off, their imports of seeds and food stuffs that they couldn't grow, and with the German's taking their meat to send to their troops in Europe.  For 5 years, they lived without any knowledge of the outside world.  It is a book well worth reading and when you are done you will look around you and realize how blessed you are to have the things that you have, even if those things are small and not measured by society as being of great worth.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|I have had the Swivel for more than a year.  Now the battery is not holding a charge and I am not able to use it, but I have become so addicted to it that I have to get a new one right away.  I think that one year is a pretty decent time for a battery to last, given the price of the Swivel.  It lasted much longer than the 2 months that other people were talking about.  It is perfect for cleaning up crumbs under the table after meals, the junk that people track in from the outside, messes from cooking or crafts with kids, etc.  It is so convenient because it is cordless and the mess is sucked right up so you have no pile of junk to sweep up afterwards.  It can go under almost anything and I love that there are brushes on every side of it, so it can pick up debris in corners of the house easily.  It is a good size that can fit into small places you normally wouldn't get to.  It is gentle on wood floors, never scratching, and it is nice to be able to use it on the mats around my house (in front of the doors, the sink, whatever) when I need a quick clean.  It is so easy and lightweight that my kids, ages 2, 4, and 6, love to use it and that is such a help for me sometimes!  I recommend it!
B000UAFDP2|4.0|The quality of the picture on this disk is excellent, and the audio is done in lossless TrueHD 5.1 which makes for nice loud, room-shaking explosions. This disk has an editing anomaly.  About an hour and a half into the movie, where the bugs are over-running the base, there is a scene of a bug getting destroyed by a group of troopers, followed by Lieutenant Rasczak and Ace killing a bug that has gotten into the compound.  Then, after being told by Rico that help is on the way, we see the Lt. yelling \\"Fallback\\" as he jumps down off the catwalk.  On this disk, the scene of the bug getting killed by the troopers and the other one getting shot by Rasczak and Ace is repeated, and the audio has been changed. Instead of the Lt. yelling \\"Fallback\\" and jumping into the compound (all of which was on camera), he now yells \\"Fallback into the compound\\" and it is all off camera.  I double checked this on my old DVD version, and there is a difference.  I was originally disappointed with this movie, as it is not particularly faithful to Heinlein's original novel (but then how many movies made from a book are?)  The trouble here is that much of Heinlein's message gets lost in Paul Verhoeven's desire to produce a special effects masterpiece.  In an interview after the movie was released, and in answer to the criticism that the movie had little relation to the book, Verhoeven admitted that he never even finished reading the book.  If you want a version which is much closer to Heinlein's novel, check out Verhoeven's animated series \\"Roughnecks\\".  There is still more action than message, but it is closer to the original novel. As has been noted in several other reviews, the Sony disk requires that you have an SD memory card installed for the movie to even play.  It doesn't matter that you may not want to take advantage of the BD-Live feature, the disk still checks for the available memory and refuses to play if it can't find it.  I bought a Transcend 8Gb SDHC card, and the movie plays flawlessly.  Panasonic Blu-ray disks also have BD Live features, but they don't require you to buy an SD card if all you want to do is watch the movie (of course if you want to use BD Live, then you need a card).  Why couldn't Sony follow this example?
1582701709|3.0|If I am a rabbit and think positively, does that mean lions won't eat me?  Still, thanks for the positive message in the book.    Can someone share the view on an answer to the question above?    I feel that it is good to be positive, but positive won't solve everything in life.  There are other elements.
0446698342|3.0|Reading Sparks can be a treat, or for some odd reason, you find crap in the clues, making it simply ok. And coming off of reading some great stuff by the master of trash talk and heart throb, I was looking for another great read. But this time I didn't get that. I only got ok, but it wasn't too bad either.<br /><br />We begin by joining a creepy Deputy, and his name is Keith Clayton. And before questioning some nude skinny-dipping women, he takes a few pictures to satisfy his lust. But then we meet another man named Logan Thibault, and his German Shepherd, Zeus. And Logan is on a walk. Quite a long walk, from several states, with a picture in his pocket. We learn that Thibault is a former Marine, and he's here to find a lady named Elizabeth. And when he finds her, he takes a job with her in her and Nana's dog kennel.<br /><br />Thibault soon becomes a part of Elizabeth's life, and takes a liking to her son, Ben, despite losing in chess to him most of the time. The big problem is Ben's dad, Keith Clayton. And he's out for blood as to why Thibault made his way here, and why is Elizabeth so interested in this man.<br /><br />When all was said and done, (yep, right before the Epilogue) I thought it all came to a sloppy crash-landing. And a maze of mixed emotions is the end result for the most part, with a rather forced ending. I've seen better from Sparks, but I've also seen worse from much better authors. I say if you can seperate the crap from some of the shady clues, then you'll enjoy this completely. And if that ends up being the case for other readers, LUCKY THEM! I still can't wait for other great reads that Sparks has to offer.
0810982862|1.0|I'am a fan of art books and have a good collection, some are just correct and other's are really outstanding (like the Star Wars art books, the Kung Fu Panda's, the Disney movies art books, etc.). But none of them disappointed me like this one.  I received this book before seeing the movie, and really after looking at it I felt no special expectations about what I was going to see at screen.  Yesterday I saw the movie and I felt that this book doesn't represent (not even really by far) the beauty of the professional work made by Cameron and his team for all the years it took to make it.  I hope that they think again and make a new book that represents (in quality, contents and detail) the work that made Avatar the movie i loved on the theater yesterday!!!
B002T9H2ME|5.0|Sam Bell works alone at Sarang Station on the dark side of the Moon, overseeing the massive machines that 'harvest' the valuable energy source Helium3 from the lunar soil.  Approaching the end of his 3 year tour, he is dealing with loneliness, fatigue, and delusions. The relay satellite for live communication is in need of repair, and his only companion is the coffee stained GERTY (voiced by Kevin Spacey), a semi-autonomous assistant droid with basic speech and yahoo-style emoticons for expression. Only 2 weeks remain till he can return home in cryo-freeze, when he has a terrible accident on the job, one that changes everything he thinks he knows.... about himself, and his life.<br /><br />That comprises the first 10 minutes of the film, I won't give away anything else, but I will say that this movie functions on 2 levels. On one viewing, it's a SF survival story, and on another, it's an examination of the human condition.  Simple and stark, yet moving for the qualities of emotion that are brought forth. It takes more than one viewing to get it all, and that might be a bit much for the casual viewer, but for fans of the serious SF genre, or fans of Sam Rockwell, it's definitely a double dip worth taking.  This was a very difficult part to do, and he makes it look easy.<br /><br />The same could be said for the whole film.  I particularly liked the use of real miniatures, the set design, the music, the lighting. Duncan Jones is a writer/director with a great future, if 'Moon' is what he can do with a limited budget and a tight schedule, I can't wait to see what's next!
B00007LTIA|5.0|A lot of things have already been said about this album in other reviews, so I'll just add some things that most people don't say.    I think that if you love progressive rock, and you love the classical symphonies of Beethoven or Mahler, then this piece is definitely for you.  Because musicologically speaking, Tales from Topographic Oceans owes a lot to the classical symphony for its structural form.  It begins with a first movement, which sets the stage, and stands on its own as a beautiful piece in rough sonata form like its predecessor Close to the Edge.  Then we move to a more contemplative second movement that presents entirely different themes.  Then we have a \\"scherzo,\\" a third movement that is something completely different.   We conclude with an expansive finale that contains numerous allusions to the themes already introduced in the other movements, and completes the musical statement with a guitar solo that works in quotations from the previous 80 minutes.  This is naturally recognizable as the outline of a classical symphony.  Tales is the only prog-rock symphony that I am aware of.  May it live forever, but I hope it will not be the last.
B00154GEFU|5.0|Granted this type music with soaring vocals and guitars and words with meaning probably don't appeal to people addicted to the mediocrity of music today.  The CD has some of the best cuts I have ever heard anywhere (and I have over 9000 on my iPod) some of the best cannot be sampled in 30 seconds due to the nature of their music many times starting out very slow and low key with a major break in tone and beat.  I was never a huge Asia fan but it is sad that this outstanding effort could not have come at the hight of their popularity and given more airplay.  I don't know how many way I can say what an achievement this is, you need to spend 99 cents and get  Never Again just to give you an idea.  You will want the rest of the album after that if you have any musical taste at all.
006621131X|5.0|Just Kids is Patti Smith's memoir of her and Robert Mapplethorpe's time on the edge, two kids who found each other on streets of New York and were determined to become artists.<br /><br />Just Kids doesn't inundate the reader with biographical details about Mapplethorpe or too many of Smith, it`s not a diarists memoir but more of an impressionistic one. Smith writes like her prose is poetry, it flows easily over the page, and flows easily from scene to scene as she and Mapplethorpe struggle to define themselves and their art. What it does give is a sense of the person Mapplethorpe was, a person who cared about Smith, and she about him. Her insight into Mapplethorpe is both sympathetic and empathetic, without seeming to have the forced perspective of hindsight. It may be, but Smith's understanding and acceptance of Mapplethorpe's dualities seem contemporaneous to the moment. We're witness to the portentous moment Mapplethorpe is given his first camera, and when Smith was releasing her first album, Horses, she knew no one else but Mapplethorpe could do the cover photograph. Just Kids is interspersed with Mapplethorpe's photographs of Smith.<br /><br />Smith has a good sense of humor about herself in this period, living at the Chelsea Hotel, Allen Ginsburg tried to pick her up because he thought she a good looking young man. Or how no one in her and Mapplethorpe's circle believed she was neither a heroin addict nor a lesbian.<br /><br />Smith who claims among her influences, Rimbaud and Baudelaire, is firmly in the romantic vein, down to the presentation of the book with rough hewn page cuts and sepia wash, all combine to the nostalgic feel of the book. If someone were to write a memoir for me, this is what I would wish it to be.
B001993Y2C|4.0|This is one of the best TV series I have seen in a long time.  The acting and story are what really define this series.  It tells a complete story from beginning to end that is a wonderful ride.  I got this as a Christmas gift.  After reading many complaints on here about the various problems with the content and packaging, I decided to chime in with my two cents.    The production quality in the blu ray format is a little lacking.  Some scenes look absolutely gorgeous.  Others look very grainy.  But I guess over all I watch it for the content.  There are things that I missed the first, and second times around, that I am enjoying this time.  As for the packaging, it is a bit one the poor side.  Although I did go out and spent a whopping $5 on a cd case to put them all in to save them from being scratched.  It is a huge oversight to not have a booklet that describes the episodes that are on the discs.  I can not believe that they did not include that.  Not that you can't find the blu ray episode guide somewhere online, but they should have included one.  No excuses there.  That would be my one big complaint.  Those are my only complaints though.  I do think that the series is well worth the money, even with poor packaging.  I plan on getting every penny out of this as I watch it over and over again.  I just hope Caprica is as well done.  If you have not seen this, go out and rent it at least!!
B00288KNL8|2.0|I read the book first, and it is much better than the movie. I don't know why the movie made the parents so mean. In the book, they work from home, but they aren't hateful to her when she asks questions. There are also several unnecessary changes that make the story less interesting. Why change the painting over the fireplace and then make it less interesting? Why does the other dad play piano? The other parents are creepy because they are always waiting for Coraline and don't seem to have any other purpose but to give her their undivided attention, which makes them very creepy when you realize they are always watching her and waiting, but you don't know what they are waiting to do. Coraline is suspicious of the other parents right away and everything is darker in the other world. The movie has none of the sense of setting and foreboding of the book.   Read the book if you want a more interesting and scary story.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|In interviews James Cameron gave on 60 Mins and Charley Rose prior to release, he discussed that his concept was to give a good story with many common themes (including fantasy and wonder of a new world, romance, war, religion, good vs evil, and the ecological tug of war between protection and use of resources) with a focus on new 3D technology that he worked with Sony and Panasonic to develop specifically for this production (thus the 10 yr time period) that would allow the artists to create a truly 'new world', with a good basic \\"story and plot\\" that he hoped would not only be entertaining but would cause people to think.  Cameron also noted in one of his discussions that they had much more they could have included in the way of story but that they were limited on time, in part because they did not know if the 3-D would be too fatiguing for the eyes, and he did not underestimate the ability of viewers to complete any missing story lines for character development.     I'll tell you what \\"theme\\" ideas entered my mind during my viewing experiences  (yes, we've seen it more than once and may go again! A first for us) that fleshed out the story more for me.      1) Predictable space adventure where humankind has screwed up earth to the point that they want to or must leave it and exploit other worlds.  Unfortunately a truth that we keep seeing over and over again on this planet.  Some call it exploitation, some capitalism at its worst, some just greed, while others call it \\"utilization\\" of the land for what humankind needs to exist, even a God Given Right.  This a topic for discussion.  Anyone thinking about that?    2) If a corporation is involved in a movie, it is likely evil, or at least focused only upon what 'it' sees as its sole purpose...  maintain a good image so as not to piss-off the greater public and keep the shareholders happy by making ever more money.  Anyone thinking about ways to make corporations more humane and earth/human friendly?  Is there a way as stockholders that we can influence the way our world is exploited/used?    3) The military tension is portrayed in this case as a corporate mercenary force mostly/partially made up of EX-military, it doesn't really say.  The bearing upon current events is right on!  The \\"Military Force\\" in this movie is NOT, repeat NOT military!  It evokes Blackwater (now Xe Services) among other corporate mercenaries, and fit the bill like few other movies of late.  This was a slap NOT at members of our military, but at those individuals and mercenary businesses who employ individuals trained by the military at taxpayer expense to do the bidding FOR PROFIT of whomever is paying them.  It is an expansion of, and additional warning of, Pres. Dwight Eisenhower's warning of the \\"Military Industrial Complex\\" and the road it can take us down.       4) Ah yes, the romance.  Always a nice ploy when members of different races or communities can cross the barrier and love.  Yes, all too typical in these stories, but hey, it is a nice dream that, if universally held, could help deter strife.  And anyway, I'm a hopeless romantic; so for the like-minded this is a nice touch and I had no problem falling into it!     5) Resources/land/water first, indigenous peoples and critters unneeded and relatively worthless.  My first thought here was, wow, how our Native Peoples could have used their own \\"Jake Sully\\" to help them keep their lands when our forefathers invaded.  I watched this thinking that, were I of Native heritage, would likely be thinking, Damn, where was OUR Jake Sully?!  Yes, this again is a story of repetition, not just in the Americas, but all over the world and for thousands of years, it is part of human history.  This is a story that can be found in so many cultures, of peoples longing for a \\"savior\\" to deliver them from invaders or oppressors.  Side note:  To those few 'out there' who had to whine about a 'racial slur' because a 'white guy' comes to save the day of the \\"poor oppressed/indigenous peoples\\", give it a rest!  Could have put anyone in the Jake Sully character and he/she would have been of a different 'race' from the indigenous Na'vi!  I don't hear a lot of whining about it being a man and not a woman, or any other segment of the human population!      6) Spirituality.  Some find this icky unless it is their own \\"brand\\".  Many don't like the I for one really loved the \\"Oneness\\" being parlayed here.  There are cultures on our planet  that people lead by the 'great religions' have tried to eradicate, relegating their spirituality to paganism and mythology, but there is a beauty of Oneness portrayed here that would do us all good to try to grasp.    7) Action, Action .. and Killing.  But, with a nice nod to some of our Native American (or First Nations in Canada), there is a nice showing of respect for all life in general, even in the hunting for food.  Idea here is we don't NEED to kill, we don't NEED to destroy life unless we take it for good reason.  Ah, but there is a thought to keep you going awhile ... who defines \\"Good Reason\\"?!  All you 1-3 star folks should spend some time pondering that, as Cameron would like us to do so we can all discuss it.     8) Beauty!  Wow what artwork.  I know we've all likely seen many aspects of this 'world'before (I can't recall where), but if so, dynamically brought together.   Any of this that was 'borrowed', read inspired, buy other artists, this should serve as a major complement. This was a world, Pandora, that I would dream to travel to.  What natural dream scapes!    9) Special effects, OMG!!  Now, my wife and I rate movies as potentially extremely good and worth a ticket to a theater; worth buying in Blue Ray; just a renter, or not worth the $1-3 to rent.  Most fall into the last category, many into the renter, a very few into the purchase group and we can count on our hands the ones we have gone to in the last 10 years.  We seldom even consider going to the theater (much less more thanonce to the same movie) because we have a 7.1 sound system superior to any of our theaters and our Sony XBR LCD provides a picture better than the theaters.  But the 3D prospect, as well as subject, sucked us in and it was SO, so worth it!  And the animation of the critters and the plants and bugs just gets better.  But the emotion conveyed by the faces and movement of \\"characters\\" of the Na'vi is a fantastic technical achievement that comes home.     This new 3-D technology is a new breath of air for theater movies.  The Buddy Holly glasses are a bit much, especially over my own frames, but hey, I've been so bummed ever since Cinerama, CinemaScope and Panavision died years ago (yes, I'm in my 50's for those who have to look those terms up) it is nice to see something truly amazing at the theater! Now if they can just get good sound systems and train the operators how to run a high fidelity surround system so it doesn't sound like the sub in their car is rattling the trunk lid and doors!    Now, could the characters be a bit more fleshed out?  Could Jake, especially as the Na'vi, have been a bit more mature? Could the dialog have been more mature and less influenced by cliche?  Sure, you bet to all.  Missing aspects that would have made it a more complete movie.  Is it filled with re-tellings of many themes?  Sure, but how many movies are not?  Does it call out many of the really bad aspects of human nature?  Yes, like many good stories, movies, plays ... gives us something to work on.  Does it also suggest we have many redeeming qualities?  Yes - ability to love, to be empathetic to be open to change and 'new ways' and to love. Does it lean heavily on \\"Natural Spirituality\\"?  You bet, unabashedly.  Spirituality and connectivity with the natural world is far older than any of the worlds religions and is a basis of some.  But all this aside, this movie was intended primarily to be vivid and exciting entertainment with a smattering of thought provocation that would beaccessible to most viewers.  I think it more than succeeds on all accounts!
B000A5044C|4.0|Nobody Knows is a film by Kore-Eda Hirokazu. It is about how some parents are horrible towards their children and although their children are resilient they are still children after all. A single mother to four children Keiko has been kicked out of several apartments or perhaps keeps on changing her addresses. She comes to a new town with the oldest to a apartment with the two other ones in suitcases. They start living in this apartment with rules no loud noises, no school for the oldest two. Only the oldest boy gets to run all the errands. The mother is notable for her absences sometimes disappearing for a few days. One day she disappears for good and the children are left to fend for themselves. The resourcefulness of the oldest boy soon comes in to play but only for a short time until things start turning bleak. With no money to pay bills, the water is cut, they have no gas and ultimately no food. The ending is tragic and depressing and lingers in your mind. This is because it is based on a true story which happened in Japan and was more gruesome than the retelling on screen.  I gave it four stars. Very depressing and painful to watch. 1/25/10
B001FB4W16|5.0|What can one say about True Blood? Delicious!   I just would like to warn those who invest in a series, any series, to check as soon as you receive the item, that ALL the DVDS play. We were metering out our enjoyment over several weeks (not too hard if you have a little self discipline) when we got to #4 and it just would not play! So, check them all out right away then sit back and relax and enjoy your Blu-ray Enhanced version!
B00127RAJY|5.0|thought this was great, i started doing this after having a baby, and i was about 60lbs overweight. i lost 17 lbs in the first month. i also liked that i was able to fit a quick, effective workout in 25 mins or so with 2 small children. with a short intense workout like this, i was able to lose weight quickly without going to the gym for a boring treadmill run, and i saved lots of money. i have several other of her dvds and they are great too.
0316069906|5.0|Looking for neutral information about meat, meat-eating and meat production, this book filled all of my wishes. The simply, but strongly curious approach of the author from the beginning makes the book accessible for those who are adamant or completely neutral meat-eaters. It is easy to read, and packed full of great, and well-founded facts and arguments. Covering a range of topics from factory-farming to traditional farming, vegetarians to meat-eaters, activists to traditionalists, from chicken to fish to pork to beef, it gives a good balance of opinions and viewpoints, yet still vigorously argues for conscious meat-eating.     If you don't necessarily want to become a vegetarian, but want to learn more about meat and it's role in our society and culture, this is the book to buy. I didn't want to become a vegetarian, in fact I didn't care, but this book made me care about what I'm consuming, and completely reconsider the importance and effects of what's on my plate.
B000VBJEEG|4.0|Our kids love this movie! It's mildly entertaining for us adults too even though the fake French accents are a little hard to understand at times - thank goodness for subtitles. The french cityscape and kitchen are animated in hyper-realism, while the characters are delightfully cartoony - the rat, Remy, bears an eerie similarity to the novice chef Linguini(NOT a French name!) There is the usual Disney tendency to have too many characters, as if the main characters could not stand on their own. Fortunately the plot focuses on the battle between Linguini and the suitably villainous restaurant owner, with a side of romance, and on the differences between the sensitive Remy and his more pragmatic father who utters the priceless line: \\"Shut up, and eat your garbage!\\"     A fun movie for the whole family and a visual feast as well. One warning: the scene where the old lady blasts all the rats with a shotgun might be frightening to younger ones.
B0028MBKVG|4.0|As a marathon runner I enjoyed this book.It was well written and got me thinking about why people love to run. I am now researching ultramarathons and hope to run a 50 miler in 2011 all because of the impact Born to Run had on me.
B001R4MEYI|5.0|Crack the Skye is the first album that I have purchased in nearly a year and it was easily worth the $15 I paid for it. This is the type of album that is best enjoyed by listening to the tracks in order from beginning to end in one sitting. Each track complements the tracks before and after, providing a cohesive flow to the album. The musicianship is outstanding, as it has been on previous Mastodon albums. The vocals are more melodic in this album, and there is less screaming, which actually seems to work quite well. I would recommend this to any metal fan, particularly to those who enjoy progressive music. This will probably be playing in my CD player for a long time.
1594488916|2.0|This is a good example of how one should be wary when a journalist turns one of her or his magazine articles into a book.  Unless the subject is compelling, the data is extensive or the issues timely, the \\"book\\" is typically disappointing.  (A great exception is William Shirer, but what a subject matter!!!).  This book does not meet any of these criteria.  My praises for the book are simple:  The author does a good job at introducing the reader to a little know culture--the world of the rare book trade.  She describes the players, the economics and some key dynamics, which is interesting at times.  She captures the \\"compulsion\\" of the collector, and how they can have dramatically different motivations for desiring rare books.  It was instructive to see how the antagonist, the book thief, gets away with his deceit seemingly so easily, all with little interest by law enforcement, until the protaganist, the \\"biblio-dick\\" decides to pursue a compulsion of his own--nailing the thief. My negative critique is simple, too:  It's boring for a lot of reasons.  First, it is painfully (sometimes) obvious that a magazine article, the genesis of the work, was stretched into a full (albeit short) book.  It has lots of \\"filler\\", seemingly written after the core manuscript was completed, which makes it drag.  Unfortunately, the \\"filler\\" is really boring.  Second, the author's psychological analyses and descriptions of the thief were relatively unappreciated by me, since the author is not a shrink, I think, the thief was already a totally unsympathetic, self-absorbed character.  I guess such psycho-analysis works at times, e.g. \\"In Cold Blood\\", \\"Helter-skelter\\", but it really doesn't reasonate here.  Third, there is no one in the book who is all that interesting, especially the thief, and he's the main character.  He is a loser's loser, even down to his beige leather loafers. Even one of the victims described in the book wonders rhetorically to the author \\"why are you glorifying him?\\"  I have to admit, this guy is such a two-bit, small-time punk, I have to agree with the victim's point, which leads me to the next criticism.  The author is annoying.  She gives currency to this punk-jerk's alleged book-collecting \\"passion\\" when it is not passion at all, except for ripping off innocent people--including all the five-star hotels and restaraunts mentioned in passing in the book.  By characterizing selfishness/criminality as somehow \\"interesting\\", and by her \\"struggling\\" with the relative justice of the competing interests here--a poor compulsive rare book admirer versus the rare book trade, this author clearly has the moral and ethical compass of Switzerland.  Continuing on the annoying theme, I'm not sure why I should know the author wears a underwire bra, but I do, because I read the book, and it's a little creepy.  More substantively, when a narrative is not that riveting, as here, an author often inculcates himself or herself into the story, which happened here.  This author becomes a participant, and sometimes, it's exasperating--especially, when she goes back to the scene of a crime (a bookstore defrauded by the loser) with her subject/thief, and describes to the reader the awkward reaction of the decent and honest booksellers who had been ripped off by the thief.  This was done in the interests of \\"getting a story\\", which is itself a commentary on the ethics (or better, just plain decency) of modern journalism.  In fairness, perhaps the subject matter of the book, the rare book trade, may have a substantial limitation on the \\"excitement index\\". Even after being a competitive chess player in a former life (my teens), I must admit this book was about as exciting as a story about a wannabe chess player who falsifies tournament results on-line. Zowie!! Not just that riveting.  Although an account of a \\"villain\\" in a  little known esoteric world can make a dynamite magazine article, it mostly fails as a book.  I wish I'd have skipped the book.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|The imax scenes take up the entire screen.  The quality is impeccable.  This is definitely a movie you would want if you're trying to show off your home theater or HD television.
0316548189|5.0|This book is excellent and should be a book everyone reads at least once in their lifetime.
B00004Y6NP|3.0|This CD is good and bad too. I do not like much songs. Buy it to see it, and to here it.
0156013983|5.0|It was worth taking French all through high school just to be able to read \\"The Little Prince\\" in its original language.  I love this charming story and never tire of it, no matter how many times I read it.  My original copy became dog-eared long ago, so I ordered a new book today.  I can't wait to sit down and read it again.  If you're like me and need to brush up on your French every now and then, I think this is the perfect way to do it!
B000654YS8|5.0|This is The best of DIRE STRAITS. I like it a lots and I would recommended to everybody. If you luke Dire Straits_ You Know that is the best. IT has 2 the moste popular songs, \\"Money for nothing and Sultans of swing.
0670021652|5.0|Actually I liked this book better than the previous best seller!  A mature appraisal of the pros and cons of married love.  Written in an interesting way it kept my attention throughout.  Adventurous  and thought-provoking. I thoroughly enjoyed reading it.
1433502410|2.0|I find it helpful to read different translations of the Bible.  Unfortunately, I was disheartened when I noticed the views of complementarians in the commentary section of the ESV.  I hope these men are honestly trying to seek God's truth-- albeit through their own subjective theologies.  There are Christians who do not hold their views and interpret the same passages differently.  Women have been and always will be leaders in the Church, even if certain men deny them titles!  As with any commentary, be careful they are not God's Word which can only be found in the person of Jesus Christ.
B001NXDIMK|4.0|Haven't even finished the first disc, but already \\"I Knew You Were a Pig\\" is listed as a chapter - anyone familiar with the series (or, say, the text on the outside of the box) will know that that episode is called \\"I Knew Your Pig.\\" Honestly - it feels sloppy to have a mis-titled episode on the first disc. I see it's also mis-titled here on Amazon Video.    Unfortunate, because the show seems so tightly written, well-acted and directed. Good 2nd season; I prefer the first season, but the standard Damages twists really up the ante this season, and though I feel that many of the guest stars weren't used to their full potential, I still love the interplay between Glenn Close and Rose Byrne. Best pair on television, hands down.
B001NXDIMK|3.0|The first season of \\"Damages\\" was brilliant.<br /><br />The second season was very good as well. But, it seems to be missing something.<br /><br />Upon reflection, I believe the missing ingredient was villians who were just as compelling as the \\"heroes.\\"<br /><br />In Season 1, the series benefitted greatly from Ted Danson's portrayal of the wayward billionaire Arthur Frobisher. Danson's Frobisher was equal parts \\"average joe made good\\" and inaccessible, plutocratic jerk; the rare character who you find yourself both repulsed by and rooting for. (This combination made him a yin to Patty Hewes's yang.)<br /><br />There are no \\"villians\\" who the viewers can identify with in the 2nd season. The primary antagonist in this installment was an industrialist who would not acknowledge the illegal dumping of hazardous waste because he would \\"have his company taken away from him\\" if he did. There's nothing nuanced, complicated or vaguely sympathetic about that.<br /><br />Glenn Close once again turns in an Emmy-worthy performance as a \\"Race Horse Haynes\\" -esque class-action litigator, Patty Hewes. She's worth the price of the dvd set by herself.<br /><br />This season kept my attention and was entertaining from beginning to end. But, the first season was virtually perfect and thus, this season which certainly fell short of that, suffers in comparison.
B00005JMCT|5.0|Very rarely are sequels better than the originals, but \\"American Wedding\\" is actually funnier and hilarious than its two predecessors. In this installment one of the boys gets married, so its up to the other boys in the group to give him a stag party and wedding reception he will never forget. Seann William Scott, who plays Stifler, steals the film like he did in the other \\"American Pie\\" films, and the scene in which the guys go to a gay bar is not to be missed, especially when Stifler proves he's as good a dancer as any gay guy out there. A really funny, poignant, and entertaining film, this movie is really the last of the great \\"American Pie\\" films, although other sequels would be released directly to DVD. The bonuses here include the trailer, outtakes, a wedding video, and more. \\"American Wedding\\" made over $230,000,000 at the boxoffice becomg a certified hit.
B000V8I2QU|2.0|Not much to add to the many thumbs-down regarding the atrocious sonics on Magic, except bumping the count of bad reviews up by one.  Although Bruce's releases have never been known for their audiophile quality, what's been done to Magic (a pretty good album, just below The Rising, I think) borders on criminal. Yes, I'm middle-aged, have an iPod for the gym, etc., but also have a very good home system that I also enjoy. Would love to have this dog remastered, since the music is THAT good. How sad...
6305903182|5.0|\\"Scream 3\\" is just as good as the first two films in the \\"Scream\\" trilogy and much of the original cast returns including Neve Campbell and Courtney Cox. The plot deals with the murders happening on the Hollywood set of \\"Stab 3\\" , the sequel to the fictional movie depicting the Greensboro killings. The scares are terrifying, the script strong and suspenseful, and the murders original and heart-pounding. The movie had a huge budget of over 40 million dollars, and the film would rake in over 160 million, making the \\"Scream\\" franchise one of the most successful horror movie franchises in history. The DVD is filled with scary bonuses including the trailer, outtakes, deleted scenes, videos, behind-the-scenes interviews, and more. It was also recently announced that \\"Scream 4\\" is in preproduction, and both Courtney Cox and David Arquette have stated they would be interested in reprising their roles. Creator and writer Kevin Williamson is also scheduled to return as writer. Nothing has been finalized so stay tuned!
0345337581|5.0|Definitely contains some tips I'd not heard about.  You have to work at it to make it work.  It's worth reading, but won't change your life.
B002SJIO5E|2.0|I was hoping for an enjoyable science fiction movie that perhaps posed some questions about society and religion. Instead, the story is overrun with over the top violence and gore leaving a nearly unwatchable film. Placing the violence aside, there is an interesting story underneath, but it's buried under the filmmakers' pretentious efforts to shock the audience.
B002TVQ4GW|5.0|~NO SPOILERS HERE~<br /><br />Love or hate this movie for whatever reason you still have to agree: it is original as they come. It has been YEARS since I have seen a movie approach this level. What level is that? You can actually feel your brain thinking as you try andwrap your head around this movie. It makes sense, but it doesnt.<br /><br />It is a thrilling ride. Simple, complicated, refreshing - this is the promise of the potential of theater!<br /><br />There are violent segments but graphic violence is sparse.<br /><br />Watch it - love it - spread the word!
B001OQCV6A|3.0|The morning \\"Sherlock Holmes\\", the new film from director Guy Ritchie, starring Robert Downey Jr. as the famous detective, was released; I read a pretty scathing review in the local hometown paper. The next night, I went to see the movie and actually enjoyed most of the experience. It isn't a great film, but it is fun.<br /><br />If you are familiar with any of Guy Ritchie's previous works, \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" will look familiar. Known for rough and tumble films featuring British gangsters and con men, not necessarily very smart men, who hold terrific grudges against one another, Ritchie's films are violent and excessive, but fun. They are almost fun because of the excessive violence. Ritchie is one of the first directors to popularize a filmmaking technique using stop motion and bullet action; someone throws a punch, the camera follows right behind the fist and at the moment of contact, the camera slows down and we see a point of view of the impact. As soon as the punch lands, the camera speeds up again, usually, even faster than before. This type of camera work is most commonly done with bullets shooting out of guns, the camera stopping just as the bullet passes the camera and we can see the trajectory. Normally, I hate it when a filmmaker uses a technique to excess because all it does is call attention to the filmmaker, taking us out of the story. But in the case of Ritchie, each of his films is so excessive, so over the top, he almost seems to be shouting his glee that he is able to make a new film. This sort of unheralded joy helps me overlook a lot.<br /><br />When I first heard about \\"Sherlock Holmes\\", I was more than a little surprised Ritchie was at the helm. Generally his films are low budget independent features unraveling tales about the dark underside of London. Very little thinking is usually done because everyone is so busy trying to kill one another. Sherlock Holmes is character with a great mind, a person who spends a lot of time thinking, working problems through. He isn't a man prone to fist fights and explosions. The two don't mix.<br /><br />Then, as the trailers began to invade the multiplex, I saw that Richie's version of \\"Holmes\\" could work. A fist fight features prominently, as do explosions, but it seemed to me that Robert Downey Jr. & Jude Law were the perfect actors to play a modern interpretation of Holmes and Watson.<br /><br />Other people in my family weren't so willing to go along for the ride, so I had to wait a day to see the film.<br /><br />Holmes and Watson (Downey Jr. & Law, respectively) are instrumental in the capture of Lord Blackwood (Mark Strong), a man who practices lack magic and is caught in the process of sacrificing another women. Months later, Watson is asked to be present at Blackwood's hanging. After Blackwood is hanged for his crimes, Watson checks the vital signs and verifies the man is dead. Soon, someone claims to have seen Blackwood rise from the grave and other people begin to see Blackwood also. Holmes and Watson are perplexed and set out to figure out how a man can rise from the dead. Along the way, Irene Adler (Rachel McAdams), an old flame of Holmes, returns and complicates his life. Irene has a checkered past and Holmes can not decide if he can fully trust her. As they investigate, it appears that Blackwood has a device that may prove a threat to England and eventually, to America.<br /><br />One thing I think we can safely say about Richie's films is story has never been of paramount importance to the director. His films often make no sense, but engage us anyway because of the colorful characters he creates. Their dialogue and the situations they get into are often hilarious, interesting and unusual. How they get to these points, I doubt even Richie could explain to you. It's a bit like taking the characters played by Travolta and Jackson in Quentin Tarantino's \\"Pulp Fiction\\" and listening to the famous Quarter Pounder speech with none of the other story or subtextTarantino created. It works, but only because Ritchie seems to have such glee in making the situations his characters get into all the more preposterous and unusual.<br /><br />\\"Holmes\\" follows this same template. Downey Jr. is extremely engaging as Holmes. H9s Sherlock seems bored and fascinated at the same time by everything going on around him. Even when he is attempting to break up a relationship between Watson and his new fianc&eacute;e, he is more amused by the woman's protestations and the glass of wine she throws in his face than anything else. He doesn't seem surprised by anything. He and Watson have a love-hate relationship but they know they will be forever for years to come.<br /><br />Law is very good as Watson. Exasperated by Holmes meddling and interference, he also respects the man's knowledge and abilities. He doesn't even seem to be that annoyed when Holmes tries to break up his relationship with his new fianc&eacute;e. He expects his friend to do something like this, so he isn't surprised. It is also nice to see Law play the 'muscles' of the team, something he doesn't do very often, if ever.<br /><br />Strong is very good as Lord Blackwood. A recognizable character actor, he makes himself appear very mysterious and dangerous, a very suitable villain. He also recently appeared in \\"The Young Victoria\\" as an advisor to the future Queen's mother. When he enters a scene, his very visage makes him an imposing figure and more than a little ominous.<br /><br />I was excited to see that Rachel McAdams was going to be in this film. But unfortunately, her character is still a bit of a mystery. She is supposed to be the long lost love of Holmes, a woman with a dubious past who jilted Holmes. Initially, she is mysterious and there are clues that she would be in jail if Holmes had revealed what he learned of her before. But she is meant to be a much more mysterious figure, someone who is working behind the scenes, maybe for the bad guys, maybe on behalf of Homes and Watson. This isn't handled well and leaves us feeling a bit unfulfilled.<br /><br />There are many things done right in \\"Sherlock Holmes\\". Early on, Holmes is in a fistfight (Why? I doubt even Richie knows). Pitted against a man three times his size, he is game for the sport, but outmatched, so he has to figure out a way to best his opponent. Quickly, Richie cuts together a series of quick cuts illustrating how Holmes will take down the behemoth. Then, Holmes does it; each of the previous cuts a punctuation point in the new scene. These moments are very effective illustrations of the deductive reasoning that the detective is known for. Later, Richie switches it up a bit and uses this same technique to illustrate something Holmes has just done. These don't work as well.<br /><br />Also interesting is a scene in which Holmes demonstrates his ability with disguise. But these interesting touches aren't done nearly enough and leave us wanting more.<br /><br />As a major Hollywood studio produces this film, a famous producer, director and stars are all involved, a sequel is almost inevitable. Everyone involved seems to be clearly invested in this idea and the film ends with the appearance of a new character that is certain to feature prominently in future films.<br /><br />I don't like most sequels. I don't even like the idea of most sequels. Most are far inferior to the original and only serve as a way for the people involved to get \\"sequel money\\". What do I like even less? A new film created with a sequel in mind, the ending leading into the second film. It just seems slightly arrogant. We know this film is going to be so successful that a sequel is a sure thing. In the case of \\"Sherlock Holmes\\", I think the sequel has the potential of that rare class, the sequel that is better than the original. I hope everyone involved will be able to relax a bit and let the story and characters become more complex and deep. More \\"Sherlock Holmes\\".<br /><br />.tchie seems to have such glee in making the situations his characters get into all the more preposterous and unusual.    \\"Holmes\\" follows this same template. Downey Jr. is extremely engaging as Holmes. H9s Sherlock seems bored and fascinated at the same time by everything going on around him. Even when he is attempting to break up a relationship between Watson and his new fiancée, he is more amused by the woman's protestations and the glass of wine she throws in his face than anything else. He doesn't seem surprised by anything. He and Watson have a love-hate relationship but they know they will be forever for years to come.    Law is very good as Watson. Exasperated by Holmes meddling and interference, he also respects the man's knowledge and abilities. He doesn't even seem to be that annoyed when Holmes tries to break up his relationship with his new fiancée. He expects his friend to do something like this, so he isn't surprised. It is also nice to see Law play the 'muscles' of the team, something he doesn't do very often, if ever.    Strong is very good as Lord Blackwood. A recognizable character actor, he makes himself appear very mysterious and dangerous, a very suitable villain. He also recently appeared in \\"The Young Victoria\\" as an advisor to the future Queen's mother. When he enters a scene, his very visage makes him an imposing figure and more than a little ominous.    I was excited to see that Rachel McAdams was going to be in this film. But unfortunately, her character is still a bit of a mystery. She is supposed to be the long lost love of Holmes, a woman with a dubious past who jilted Holmes. Initially, she is mysterious and there are clues that she would be in jail if Holmes had revealed what he learned of her before. But she is meant to be a much more mysterious figure, someone who is working behind the scenes, maybe for the bad guys, maybe on behalf of Homes and Watson. This isn't handled well and leaves us feeling a bit unfulfilled.    There aremany things done right in \\"Sherlock Holmes\\". Early on, Holmes is in a fistfight (Why? I doubt even Richie knows). Pitted against a man three times his size, he is game for the sport, but outmatched, so he has to figure out a way to best his opponent. Quickly, Richie cuts together a series of quick cuts illustrating how Holmes will take down the behemoth. Then, Holmes does it; each of the previous cuts a punctuation point in the new scene. These moments are very effective illustrations of the deductive reasoning that the detective is known for. Later, Richie switches it up a bit and uses this same technique to illustrate something Holmes has just done. These don't work as well.    Also interesting is a scene in which Holmes demonstrates his ability with disguise. But these interesting touches aren't done nearly enough and leave us wanting more.    As a major Hollywood studio produces this film, a famous producer, director and stars are all involved, a sequel is almost inevitable. Everyone involved seems to be clearly invested in this idea and the film ends with the appearance of a new character that is certain to feature prominently in future films.    I don't like most sequels. I don't even like the idea of most sequels. Most are far inferior to the original and only serve as a way for the people involved to get \\"sequel money\\". What do I like even less? A new film created with a sequel in mind, the ending leading into the second film. It just seems slightly arrogant. We know this film is going to be so successful that a sequel is a sure thing. In the case of \\"Sherlock Holmes\\", I think the sequel has the potential of that rare class, the sequel that is better than the original. I hope everyone involved will be able to relax a bit and let the story and characters become more complex and deep. More \\"Sherlock Holmes\\".        .
0061537969|5.0|I am surprised at some of the negative reviews I read, and must say I hesitated before reading this book since I had a preconceived notion of what it's premise was about. I was wrong, and never happier to admit I was wrong, and I am so glad I gave this book my attention. It was delightful, and surprising. I was laughing and crying through the book, and of course touched. Five stars is not enough to express the joy I got out of reading this novel.
B002MU4NL8|5.0|I won't go into a movie review and waste your time like so many others do :P    I'll just comment on the quality of the blu-ray version.   Absolute 10/10, one of the clearest blu-ray movies I've seen to date, they did a great job converting it. Stunning must buy.
B001608QVS|5.0|This was a great deal for a great Boxset! Quality is great and movies are priceless!
B00006F2WY|3.0|I bought the 2 cd set which has the following tracks on the 1st cd: Intro; Hush; Wring that neck; and Child in time.     Intro  -  features a clipped English male voice interviewing band members and the conductor. It runs 3:27 minutes.     Hush  -  has a little bit of distortion it it and has Gillan introduce the piece. Also has a guitar lick nicked from the \\"Popeye\\" cartoon theme, I think.     Wring that neck  -  also has some distortion on it. It's an instrumental. Gillan later introduces the band members. A jam, basically, with some bluesy lead guitar, and the lick from \\"Jingle bells\\", I think. Guitars sound country flavoured. The track becomes interminable later on, coming across as a rehearsal. 13:23 minutes long.    Child in time  -  Gillan hits his trademark high notes. 12:02 minutes.        CD 2:      The music has a sort of film score quality to it. On first listen, it came across as the band playing their parts, then the orchestra playing theirs, but on second listen it didn't seem that tacked together. The CD has some liner notes on what the intention was with the music.  If you like Deep Purple's drum, guitar and organ solos, then the concerto does provide some good examples of those which you may not be familiar with.  I've got a note about the band parts working well,  but not being so into the singing bits. Probably have in mind some rather earnest, unsophisticated lyrics in at least one of the songs.       The tracks...      First movement  -  19:21 minutes long. Almost half of this track is symphonic in nature, then the orchestra takes turns with the band. First impression was that the symphonic part was vaguely \\"Bolero\\" ish...perhaps for the woodwind instrument.  Not sure if that impression survived my second listen. Has quiet parts and loud, regal sounding parts.  The rock parts are basssy and not really synthesised with the symphonic part. Strings are nice in the symphony. Has some fancy lead guitar notes at times and organ too, at times.Second movement  -  19:11 minutes. Peaceful, symphonic music. Has lyrics which are quite facile and come across as being written just before the performance.  The band is bassy and they provide some bluesy, Deep Purple kind of music with the organ and lead guitar.    Third movement  -  13:08.  This, and the last track are a good source for novel drum solos from the band. It's a bellicose symphony here. It later transforms into a thriller/adventure movie kind of film score sound. Extended drum solo goes from around 6:25 - 8:10.    Encore  -  5:52.  Starts off with a drum solo then sounds like an adventure movie kind of score.        Conclusion:  I'm not sure how much repeat listen value this cd will have. It's novelty lies in the 2nd disc, which is notable, for me at least, for the drum solos that it has.          Recommendations:        King Crimson  -  In the court of the Crimson King.  Very pleasant music, with symphonic elements to it.    Jean Michel Jarre  -  Oxygène.  Great synth art-pop. Entirely instrumental.
B002U6CJCO|4.0|The title really says it all.  Granted, both Dolph Lundgren and Jean-Claude Van Damme aren't really on screen as much as one of their typical films but it really, really works.<br /><br />The plot is simple but effective.  The action is outstanding, ultra violent and rarely stops.  And it's not old school action either.  There's a taste of the Bourne series in some of these shoot-outs.  Big marks for Director Hyams.  Can't wait to see what he does next!
0316154687|4.0|[[VIDEOID:mo3ARQWJF2T0XSB]]Less than two minutes of general impressions from an NPR listener. The reviewer has never read any of Sedaris's other works and had no prior knowledge of the book's plot or premise.
0805091742|5.0|You have to feel sorry for Atul Gawande's siblings. No matter how brilliant their accomplishments, at any family gathering, we know who is going to be center stage. He's not just your average doctor, he's a surgeon. Specializing in endocrine cancer. This astonishingly good book isn't his first - he's written two others, \\"Better\\" and \\"Complications\\". Of course he's a Harvard professor. Oh yes, he does a little magazine writing. For the \\"New Yorker\\", for crying out loud. His essay in the June 1st 2009 edition analyzing the cost of healthcare is considered to have been most influential in the legislative debate. He heads up the WHO's \\"Safe Surgery Saves Lives\\" program. Did I mention the MacArthur \\"genius\\" award? The kind of brother any sibling would be justified in resenting.<br /><br />I have no idea what kind of a surgeon Dr Gawande might be (though a reasonable guess would be that he is a very good one). I can say that, based on his New Yorker articles, and on this book, that he is an excellent writer. Like his colleague, Malcolm Gladwell, he has the ability to write about material that could easily be boring in the hands of a less gifted author in a way that is clear, engaging, and thought-provoking, without ever being condescending. This serves him well in this book, whose general topic is achieving success in areas of endeavor that are intrinsically complex, where success requires a high level of interdisciplinary cooperation, and where the consequences of failure are catastrophic.<br /><br />In 2006, Gawande was approached by the WHO to help develop a global program to reduce avoidable deaths and harm from surgery. His initial (quite sensible) reaction was to have nothing to do with it, but he eventually agreed to help. What followed from that request is one of the fascinating stories that make up this book, and the author does an excellent job of telling it. That story on its own makes the book worth reading. But Gawande takes things a step further, arguing that the kinds of challenges that make surgery a risky and complicated business are characteristic of many modern endeavors. Launching a manned space shuttle, building skyscrapers that don't collapse, discovering, testing and manufacturing a novel cancer drug, flying a commercial jet -- these are all examples of activities whose successful execution requires the coordinated efforts of experts spanning a huge range of expertise, and for which the consequences of failure are serious, possibly catastrophic. As the author points out, advances in technology have led to systems that are so technically complex that no one person is capable of understanding the entire system - we live in an age of hyper-specialization. Yet we have faith that such systems will work every time we enter high-rise office building, board a plane, or are admitted to hospital. How can we be sure that our trust is warranted?<br /><br />Gawande explores three cases in great depth - airline safety, building construction, and hospital safety (with separate discussion of critical care procedures and surgical interventions). By examining the ways complexity is addressed in the first two cases (both of which have excellent track records), he identifies general principles that should carry over generally. I won't give them away here, except to say that he makes his case in a way that is both articulate and convincing.<br /><br />Shorter vignettes are included to support his arguments, and they make for fascinating reading. His comparison of Walmart's and FEMA's relief efforts after Hurricane Katrina was particularly interesting, as was the explanation for David Lee Roth's notorious \\"no brown M & Ms\\" contract rider.<br /><br />This is a terrific book - well-written, interesting, and thought-provoking. I read it in just two sittings.hallenges that make surgery a risky and complicated business are characteristic of many modern endeavors. Launching a manned space shuttle, building skyscrapers that don't collapse, discovering, testing and manufacturing a novel cancer drug, flying a commercial jet -- these are all examples of activities whose successful execution requires the coordinated efforts of experts spanning a huge range of expertise, and for which the consequences of failure are serious, possibly catastrophic. As the author points out, advances in technology have led to systems that are so technically complex that no one person is capable of understanding the entire system - we live in an age of hyper-specialization. Yet we have faith that such systems will work every time we enter high-rise office building, board a plane, or are admitted to hospital. How can we be sure that our trust is warranted?    Gawande explores three cases in great depth - airline safety, building construction, and hospital safety (with separate discussion of critical care procedures and surgical interventions). By examining the ways complexity is addressed in the first two cases (both of which have excellent track records), he identifies general principles that should carry over generally. I won't give them away here, except to say that he makes his case in a way that is both articulate and convincing.    Shorter vignettes are included to support his arguments, and they make for fascinating reading. His comparison of Walmart's and FEMA's relief efforts after Hurricane Katrina was particularly interesting, as was the explanation for David Lee Roth's notorious \\"no brown M & Ms\\" contract rider.    This is a terrific book - well-written, interesting, and thought-provoking. I read it in just two sittings.
159562015X|1.0|OK, I have taken plenty of assessments like Strengths Finder 2.0. This was the least helpful one I have ever taken. The test is so elementary you can figure it out while you are taking it. Based on the questions, I figured out my top five before I printed off the results. LAME. Don't waste you money or your time. Malphurs book Being Leaders was much more helpful.
B00006CXXU|5.0|My favorite kind of album, I call them variety packs. There's so much to choose from.<br /><br />\\"Stripped\\" is Christina's best album to date, And also one of my alltime favorites in general.<br /><br />She took chances on this album but didn't go overboard or get ridiculously extreme.<br /><br />She did just enough and still achieved going above and beyond.<br /><br />It shows how dedicated she was with this album.<br /><br />It's 20 tracks long and each and every song is quality material. She deserves a gold star for this album.<br /><br />I love how so much is jampacked into this ONE album, The different influences in just about every songs. The well rounded song writing, The realness and theme of the album are so rich.<br /><br />There's inspirational songs like \\"The Voice Within\\", \\"Beautiful\\", and \\"Fighter\\".<br /><br />There's attitude in songs like \\"Can't Hold Us Down\\", \\"Dirrty\\", \\"Get Mine, Get Yours\\".<br /><br />There's soul on \\"Underappreciated\\", \\"Impossible\\", There's also Neo-soul with \\"loving Me 4 Me\\" which is a hit and was never released as a single. People just knew the song because it's so great.<br /><br />She's worked with (2) favorites of mine (Linda Perry) and (Alicia Keys).<br /><br />Again, all Quality material.<br /><br />One of the tracks composed and produced by 'Perry is \\"Make Over\\", Which took me by surprise. The track has that Luscious Jackson-90's-girlrock vibe to it. It's one of the album's biggest standout and most remembered from the album, Even if you hate it you'll always remeber \\"That\\" song.<br /><br />The (Alicia Keys) written track is \\"impossible\\" another above average song.<br /><br />(Alicia Keys & Linda Perry) have exactly what works for Christina, She should work with them again in the future. All completely talented artist in their own right.<br /><br />As you can see, Christina can alter the sound of the music she's singing over as many times as she wants, but one thing that doesn't change is the fact that she's SINGING, Which brings this album together in so many ways.<br /><br />Everything blends so well and just comes together so ultimately.<br /><br />While the entire album is the best, I still have my favorite songs of the bunch. \\"Cruz\\", \\"Soar\\", \\"Impossible\\", \\"Beautiful\\", \\"Loving Me 4 Me\\", \\"The Voice Within\\" and \\"Underappreciated\\".<br /><br />The entire album is something Christina and her fans will look back on and be proud of, I think this album has most of her best work.<br /><br />I also love the artwork, it reminds me of a 90's GAP ad.brings this album together in so many ways.<br /><br />Everything blends so well and just comes together so ultimately.<br /><br />While the entire album is the best, I still have my favorite songs of the bunch. \\"Cruz\\", \\"Soar\\", \\"Impossible\\", \\"Beautiful\\", \\"Loving Me 4 Me\\", \\"The Voice Within\\" and \\"Underappreciated\\".<br /><br />The entire album is something Christina and her fans will look back on and be proud of, I think this album has most of her best work.<br /><br />I also love the artwork, it reminds me of a 90's GAP ad.
B000002KJL|5.0|excellent CD- all the tracks are great<br />  so groovin w/ chicken pickin and solid bass and drum tracks.<br />  I even like the ballads at end w/ in the gallery,wild west end,and lions.<br />  some of the staples are six blade knife, sultans,southbound again,<br />  water of love,setting me up- there is no bad track. communique is excellent too... A+
1584282584|5.0|Great Book and a must have for any photographer.  I have purchased several photography books over the years and this by far is one of the best.  Insightful and educational.
B00278U1W0|3.0|The concert it self is amazing, but when you put the title of DTS on a Blu-Ray people expect at the least 5.1 DTS; however this movie only uses 3 channels (Stereo and Subwoofer)     This is the sole reason I gave it 3 stars, if it was in true DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1/7.1 then it would get 5 stars. Even on the case it never tells how many channels and only says \\"DTS\\"; I tried the concert on 3 different Blu-Ray setups and got the same result.
1573229725|5.0|I thought Fingersmith was one of the most brilliant novels I have read in a long time.  When you get to a plot twist, you are dumbfounded by the revelations that are put before you.  I did, however, think the book's ending was a bit weak in comparison to the rest of the story.  This is a small complaint, though, compared to the masterful talent of Waters' prose.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I've just finished one of the workout cycles on this DVD.  I started with level 1 because I read a previous reviewer state that level 1 kicked their [...] and they considered themselves to be in pretty decent shape.  Let's just say that Jillian kicked my [...] too.  It left me sweating, but I was able to get through the full 20 minutes.  I think if you are interested in this DVD, you've got to be someone who already has some sort of fitness routine.  This definitely isn't a beginner's workout!  I really like the combination of strength/cardio/abs.  For me, cardio is the hardest thing for me to fit in - especially in the winter months when I don't get outside as much.  Having a workout that combines the strength stuff (which I really enjoy), with the cardio (which is just as important, but not something I enjoy as much) really makes it a lot easier to do.  I think I like her teaching style too - she's a bit of a hard-[...] and I find it easier to keep going when someone's telling me I better not quit or else.  She might have been a drill sergeant in another life :)  All in all, a good workout for the price.
B001PA0FFO|3.0|This film is highly overrated, and just gives Streep and Hoffman lots of scenery-chewing and overacting to do.  I love them both, but this film seemed tailor-made by Hollywood to be a \\"sure thing.\\"  The ending was very forced, and not very effective.  All in all, not that great.
B002N1AEN2|5.0|Purchased this Album after hearing a review on NPR.  Love the unique sound and can't wait to catch them live--bummed that I missed their 2009 U.S. tour
B000NA77YO|5.0|I have to say, when Dio came in back in 1980 I was open to it, but it seemed a bit too much like Dio's fantasy retooled for Sabbathesque gloom and doom.  However, I liked it--though I liked Blizzard of Ozz more.  The original Sabbath was my fave band back in the late '70s, though I liked Rainbow Rising almost as much, so it was an interesting blend.    Now, however, after all this time-and having seen the Sab '99 reunion, then more recently the Dio reunion (Heaven and Hell tour), I can say that Sabbath is probably the best it's ever been, and it's Dio's Sabbath.      Then there is the thought experiment--what if Dio had fronted the band back in 1970?  I think, with Iommi and Dio, plus Geezer, it would have been at least as much a cult band as Rainbow, and probably more than the Original Sabbath--though probably not as popular. But it would have been a band the critics wouldn't have trashed--not that that is a very important factor.    Altogether, I'd say Dio has come into his own as a pillar of the incomparable Black Sabbath.  So finally, I have come to like the Dio Sabbath best.  But that may be because I was a fan of Rainbow Rising back in '76 as well as of Sabbath then, so it may be different for others.
B0032JTV38|1.0|Spartacus Blood and Sand is soft core porn with dialogue that has the F word as every other word. While you're enjoying that, enjoy wonderful CGI effects like slo-mo decapitations with heads spiraling down a battle field and buckets o' blood painting half the screen. Honestly, this could've be a movie about anything. The plot seems to stay on the back burner while we're treated to an overabundance of \\"what sells\\".<br /><br />The costume design department probably didn't work overtime on this one, as the girlfriend of the villain looks like half the girls you'd see in a porn movie. What a coincidence that hair styles, accessories, etc were the same today as they were when Caesar was around!<br /><br />I didn't stick around till the end, but I'm guessing it concluded with a lesbian orgy between tattooed girls with eyebrow piercings and tribal tattoos on the small of their back.<br /><br />This series definitely had potential, but it catered to the lowest common denominator. Have your tube sock ready for this one if this is your thing, but I recommend this horribly written show to nobody.
0393061310|5.0|Guns Germs and Steel deserves a place of honor in any History wonks bookshelf next to the \\"Discoverers.\\" Diamonds arguments on why the west rose to power in the 1500s through 2000 meshes almost perfectly with William McNeil's Pursuit of Power.
0812973992|5.0|I was never sure where this book was going, or where the book was taking me. Although I felt the ending was a little more abrupt than I would have liked, the meat of this somewhat grisly story was enchanting.
B0007TKNII|1.0|Call me crazy, but I think the lead in a musical should be able to sing. Gerard Butler is, in a word, terrible. My sister-in-law says it is OK, the villain doesn't have to have a good voice. Nonsense. The Phantom seduces her with his magnificent music. That is rather the point. I cannot see anyone being seduced by his yowling.
B000002MIB|3.0|the thing thats wrong with this is that its basically just f.u.ck with a few roth popular songs , wld u prefer a live version of spanked or a live version of mean street?? u c what i mean . yes disappointin , cld of been great , but no hagar bein selfish as usual. GEES THE GREAT SONGS THEY CLD OF PUT ON THIS!! runnin w the devil!, im the one! unchained! , etc , thats why its avg , shame there will never b another one
B000E1ZBGS|2.0|Lovely movie artfully done. But not Jane Austen. This a gothic novel with Austen characters. This is an adaptation of Jane Eyre, or Wuthering Heights, or Rebecca. Overwrought, dark and brooding. Where Austen novels are wry and clever, and always understated. If I had never read Austen I would have enjoyed it. But I have and it is  jarring. It certainly is better than the 1940 version with Greer Garson, but barely.
B002NXSRX4|3.0|So what do you get from a movie based on a toy product..?  Well, characters which get thrown around and stepped on in much the way their toy counterparts do..  Stephen Sommers, director of The Mummy, creates here a cgi heavy action thriller based on an elite team of soldiers, called G.I. Joes.  When a nanotechnology based warhead is stolen, they spring in to action to recover it.  By all rights, this could have been pretty awful.  The cgi has that look about it where you're constantly reminded what you are watching is not real, removing any sense of jeopardy for the characters.  There's a nagging feeling as you watch characters in motorised suits do leaps and jumps or planes flying past the speed of sound zip off in a different direction, that the movie is just not quite obeying the laws of physics... On the other hand, several elements save the movie from mediocrity.  The action scenes that do not involve, or at least involve less cgi, are actually pretty impressive.  Carnage on the streets of Paris involves both the annoyingly unconvincing aforementioned suits, but a fair deal of genuine car carnage which is pleasurable to watch.  Even a few set piece cgi scenes have a wow factor, like the climax to the Paris scene.  Then there is the actors, who do a good job of making the ridiculous.. well, maybe not believable, but acceptable.  Then there's an infectious sense of fun and not taking themselves too seriously that serves the movie well.  This is not a Batman style dark adaptation, but a lively and colourful imagining of what sort of world a G.I. Joe could inhabit.  While Dennis Quaid has little screen time and even then just has to grin at the camera and bark a few commands, the rest of the cast manage to cram a heap of backstory into the movie without the film ever collapsing in on itself under the need to explain everything.   Somewhat bizarrely, there are a heap of references and similarities to Star Wars plotlines and scenes, from a black masked heavy breathing villain, to underwater fights which look remarkably like the attack on the death star, and even duels which may as well have been with light sabres to complete the effect.  So with a music score full of zest by Alan Silvestri, aided by a brilliant and clear transfer to Bluray in both sight and sound, this is a brash, action packed, disposable movie even.. but good fun, for all that.
B002VKE1K2|4.0|I love watching a scary movie, even if it has me looking over my shoulder and/or conjuring shadows in a room that aren't really there.  As I've gotten older it's become more difficult for movies to scare me like they used to and though my imagination hasn't diminished, what it has become is more realistic, skeptical and analytical.  That being said, \\"Paranormal Activity\\" did not have me curling into a ball and peeking between my fingers with apprehension, but it did evoke a palpable sense of disquiet with its simplistic setting and a plausible approach to the supernatural that shrewdly preys on the uncertainties and persuasions of God-fearing individuals.<br /><br />The film is presented as a documentary (it has no beginning or end credits) and takes the same approach that \\"The Blair Witch Project\\" did, director Oren Peli touting it as a true story.  He sets the stage succinctly with a young and typical cohabiting couple who have been experiencing minor but consistent paranormal activity in their home over an unspecified period of time.  They mutually decide to start documenting the goings-on via video and audio and what they capture both captivates and frightens them.  From the beginning it is made clear that this haunting is not an isolated incident - Katie (Featherston) has been followed by this entity ever since she was eight years old and her boyfriend Micah (Sloat) finds this out for the first time when a psychic makes a visit and informs both of them that the presence in their home is demonic in nature.<br /><br />While Katie is naturally passive and errs on the side of caution, Micah is impetuous and begins addressing the entity directly, taunting it and even bringing a Ouija board into the home to initiate open communication (much to Katie's consternation and against the advice of the psychic).  The activity then grows from mere thumps and scrapes in the wee hours to unnerving breezes, moving objects and physical attacks.  In no time at all, Micah and Katie are frightened and cranky from sleep-deprivation, their mutual fear and anxiety causing constant dissension and feeding the entity's appetite for negative energy.<br /><br />By the time this mockumentary reaches its end, you'll probably be sitting on the edge of your seat waiting for a grand finale that will leave you breathless and satisfied.  What you'll more than likely get is something akin to a drunken orgasm - you know a climax occurred at some point from that shiver you just felt but for some reason you're still holding your breath waiting for the big one.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong - \\"Paranormal Activity\\" contains a good amount of well-executed scares and though I was literally leaning forward at times, squinting at the shadows in Micah and Katie's bedroom, my heart pounding with equal amounts of anticipation and dread, I wasn't ever brought to the point where I jumped out of my skin with fright.  And don't expect to see what's responsible for the terror - much like the aforementioned \\"Blair Witch\\", this film forces the audience to use their imaginations in order to conjure something menacing rather than create a computerized imp that would likely incite scathing criticism and/or disappointment.  Despite its failure to scare the bejesus out of me, it still greatly played on personal fears and superstitions of mine (I wouldn't ever mess with a Ouija board - bad joojoo, people), particularly the prospect of demonic possession.  To me, nothing is scarier than losing myself to something I can't understand or control, much less see.<br /><br />A first time filmmaker, Peli really broke the bank with this one.  Filmed for $15K (which overextended his intended budget of $10K) in his own home in a little over a week, \\"Paranormal Activity\\" raked in almost $142 million when all was said and done.  Peli's personal website, which invited users to \\"demand\\" the film at other venues via [...]. (it started out in only 12 theaters in September of '09), proved to be an innovative marketing tool and when the counter hit over 1 million requests, Paramount granted the film a wide domestic release.  The result?  A word-of-mouth success story.<br /><br />Bottom line: I'm not inviting you to go with the hype on this one but I'm not telling you to ignore it entirely either.  \\"Paranormal Activity\\" generated the buzz that it did for good reason.  If you don't mind a film that will keep you up late wondering about every creak and bump you hear in your house, then by all means, go for it.  If you can't tolerate scary movies that take a realistic approach about paranormal phenomenon, you'd better take a pass on this one, lest you end up hiding like a child beneath the covers in your darkened bedroom, holding your breath and counting with trepidation the hours and minutes until dawn.e counter hit over 1 million requests, Paramount granted the film a wide domestic release.  The result?  A word-of-mouth success story.    Bottom line: I'm not inviting you to go with the hype on this one but I'm not telling you to ignore it entirely either.  \\"Paranormal Activity\\" generated the buzz that it did for good reason.  If you don't mind a film that will keep you up late wondering about every creak and bump you hear in your house, then by all means, go for it.  If you can't tolerate scary movies that take a realistic approach about paranormal phenomenon, you'd better take a pass on this one, lest you end up hiding like a child beneath the covers in your darkened bedroom, holding your breath and counting with trepidation the hours and minutes until dawn.
B002ZAX0FU|5.0|I finally got this Japanese edition of \\"The Fame Monster\\", after months of waiting and trying to win it on eBay & losing multiple times (it felt like a sacrifice as everyone else had been familiar with the whole thing and I had to wait...no more)...I did not want to buy the US editions, knowing that this exists, as I'd be wasting my $$$ otherwise...and it has THREE bonus tracks, not two...\\"Disco Heaven\\", \\"Again Again\\" and \\"Retro, Dance, Freak\\", so this version of \\"The Fame Monster\\" is worth the money...even though all versions of the new EP are censored...I hate censorship!!!!  Before I got this set, I had been VERY familiar with the grand guignol teutonic \\"Bad Romance\\" (who's not???  people under a rock??), and I've had the original US \\"The Fame\\" CD since 2008, but sold it when I found out about the reissue.<br /><br />Anyhoo, the 8-track \\"The Fame Monster\\" EP is the next step forward for Gaga, and I must say, as grand as \\"The Fame\\" was, this thing exceeds it...it could be the dancepop disc with the biggest rush of 2009...all the songs are genius, exciting pop, dense with hooks, layers and clues...guaranteed, this thing will sound fresh in 20 years, it's up there with the greats like Bowie and Prince...more musically-accomplished than Madonna...even Carole King, the late, great Cynthia Weil, Elton John, Sandy Shaw, and Marilyn Manson would be proud (he did a remix of \\"Love Game\\" on a German-only CD single, so I'm not surprised)...I love and admire Gaga, and \\"The Fame Monster\\" cements that feeling for good...I love that she's collectible too...\\"Telephone\\" (with Beyonce) is killer, \\"Alejandro\\" is a lovely gem, a better \\"Eh Eh\\", \\"Teeth\\" is way cool, \\"Speechless\\" leaves me exactly that...it's like a great Bowie epic alternative spaceballad with heartbreaking lyrics, \\"Dance In The Dark\\" is, despite the censored lyrics, a catchy-as-hell dance rocker...all 8 songs are exciting gems.<br /><br />On this Japanese release, the sound quality is waaaay better than the US pressings, fuller, more bottom, more vibrant, not distorted, the \\"Fame\\" disc is a slightly-different track order than the original disc, and the 3 Japan bonus tracks are total gems...they should have been added to the deluxe, limited artbook package at least because most people are missing out, in regards to those 3 songs, which rival anything Gaga's done so far...\\"Disco Heaven\\" is a catchy-as-hell dance rocker with a great rocking guitar intro...on \\"Again Again\\", Gaga does the unthinkable (well, not really, but still...), in that she literally invents a new musical genre...what I call \\"glitter blues\\", and by gosh, it works like gangbusters, but is a tad short at 3:03...and on \\"Retro, Dance, Freak\\" (for some reason, the lyrics to that song are not on the Japanese insert/lyric sheet, so I thought it might be an instrumental, but it's not), the song is sorta goofy/rappy but it's a great song regardless (Gaga follows the Bill Building pop tradition, anything she writes/records is going to be good, she seems incapable of writing a bad song)...the melody is sweet, the lyrics are funny and memorable, and her great vocals are very lush here.<br /><br />Minor quibbles...the slight censorship on the EP and I wish this thing was packaged in the embossed digipack, but still, I'm not complaining...BECAUSE...<br /><br />Gaga rules, and she makes heartfelt and exciting Euro-friendly dancepop gems...and she has a beautiful, pure heart...I can only imagine where she'll go from here...and she will probably/most definitely be on the new \\"We Are The World\\" that Quincy Jones is organizing after the Grammy's...then, she should talk of collaboration with Taylor Swift who will be there too.<br /><br />LONG LIVE GAGA!!!e bottom, more vibrant, not distorted, the \\"Fame\\" disc is a slightly-different track order than the original disc, and the 3 Japan bonus tracks are total gems...they should have been added to the deluxe, limited artbook package at least because most people are missing out, in regards to those 3 songs, which rival anything Gaga's done so far...\\"Disco Heaven\\" is a catchy-as-hell dance rocker with a great rocking guitar intro...on \\"Again Again\\", Gaga does the unthinkable (well, not really, but still...), in that she literally invents a new musical genre...what I call \\"glitter blues\\", and by gosh, it works like gangbusters, but is a tad short at 3:03...and on \\"Retro, Dance, Freak\\" (for some reason, the lyrics to that song are not on the Japanese insert/lyric sheet, so I thought it might be an instrumental, but it's not), the song is sorta goofy/rappy but it's a great song regardless (Gaga follows the Bill Building pop tradition, anything she writes/records is going to be good, she seems incapable of writing a bad song)...the melody is sweet, the lyrics are funny and memorable, and her great vocals are very lush here.    Minor quibbles...the slight censorship on the EP and I wish this thing was packaged in the embossed digipack, but still, I'm not complaining...BECAUSE...    Gaga rules, and she makes heartfelt and exciting Euro-friendly dancepop gems...and she has a beautiful, pure heart...I can only imagine where she'll go from here...and she will probably/most definitely be on the new \\"We Are The World\\" that Quincy Jones is organizing after the Grammy's...then, she should talk of collaboration with Taylor Swift who will be there too.    LONG LIVE GAGA!!!
0743289692|5.0|I read this book for discussion with my book club and then was lucky enough to be invited to a surprise appearance by Ayaan Hirsi Ali.   She's a brilliant woman and used every bit of her genius to extricate herself from one nightmare after another.  I think she's an inspiration to women of all creeds and cultures.      I have to say the female genital mutilation scenes were very very hard to read.   But I think people have to know the truth about such matters if the world is to change.   Ali's final conclusion was to excoriate the entire baggage of religion and expose it as an excuse to abuse women.    If you enjoyed this book, you might be interested in Jasmine Sharif's [[ASIN:0984225811 Caged in America: One Woman's Journey through the Veil]].  Sharif, another Muslim girl, grew up in the US in a very dysfunctional family of Yemen origin and was basically sold several times so that her father could collect a bride-price.   No consideration was given to her welfare or the welfare of the other women in her family.   It was considered perfectly okay for husbands to beat their wives and even attempted murder was swept under the carpet.  I saw many parallels, none of them pleasant.    But as to INFIDEL, this is a book that ought to be required reading in any Woman's Study course or any course about the Middle East or  Immigrants to the Netherlands.   It is very eye-opening.
0316044938|1.0|I expected so much and got soooo little from this book. It started out okay but through the book it became slow and drawn out. The characters were not developed enough for me. The story jumped around between past reflections, different characters, and did not seem to have a clear or finished thought. (if that makes sense) I am glad this only cost me less than 10 bucks. There were only a few good moments in the book that had you wanting to keep reading but they were not enough to hold your attention. Not the best book in my opinion.
0312857063|5.0|glad to have found it where I did and now just have to get two more to complete my set for the series.
B000MRA5EM|5.0|This is a beautiful movie.  My son loves anything sea related, he has watched this over and over.  Amazing video captured.
0385341008|5.0|The title and format (story told entirely through letters) gave pause at first, but this turned out to be my favorite book of all I have read for the past year!  I had not known anything about the German occupation of the Channel Islands during World War II.  Reading about the occupation of Guernsey and life there during that time was very interesting, as well as greatly enjoying the story with all of its wonderful characters.
0316066524|5.0|Well it took me two months ! I`ve seen quotes of five days...seven days. Speed read a book of this stature ? !    This is a work to savour, a truly original novel that has to be slowly absorbed, paragraphs re-read and characters revisited to maximise the full impact of this astonishing and stunning piece of writing from the late great David Foster Wallace. In fact knowing the author`s fate, makes it even more poignant as one begins to understand just what was going on in his brilliant mind.  No need to discuss the themes and storylines as others have done it so articulately. So it is left for me to describe it as THE reading experience of a lifetime. Yet it shouldn`t be...it is a mark of the writer`s talent that he could keep the standard of his work going for almost 1100 pages of the smallest print one is likely to encounter. That must equate to what.... almost 2000 pages in `normal` type ? It should have frustrated, it should have bored at times, it should have seemed pretentious with words used that you can`t imagine even a dictionary holding. Yet not once did I think that DFW was trying to show how smart he was, which must be irresistible for one who actually WAS that smart. The book captures you and is as addictive as the addictions we read of in the pages, we learn to love the characters and care about them, we are momentarily irritated when the next chapter moves on to another of the protagonists and we are then absorbed in their problems...until we are then back where we were before,totally enveloped in the previous chapter`s character`s struggle. That should have been so frustrating...but it works brilliantly. That the whole is achieved with such spectacular results is I`d guess an outcome few if any other authors are capable of...I`ve certainly never read anything like this before.  I`m new to Wallace...the book is some 13 plus years old. How I`ve managed to miss his work thus far is baffling, as this should have been the talk of the literary world as we entered the new century. I now intend to make up for lost time with his other work...sadly with the knowledge that he died possibly before he even reached his full potential.    Infinite Jest...If you are reading these reviews before you decide, don`t be put off by some of the criticisms, rest assured you will not regret reading a single page of the 1079, and I defy anyone who enjoys it not to commit to reading the same magnificent 1079 pages again.    It really is that good.
0156012197|5.0|Leaving friends behind (or being left behind) can be heart-wrenching.  But the Fox teaches us, as he teaches the Little Prince, that the joy of our friendships lingers, and the joy is worth the pain that comes when we must part.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I bought one for my son and one for my husband. They love it because they can hear better and they don't have to worry about little ones hearing the violence. I love that I don't have to hear the violence. They both love this headset. Well worth the money.
B000UR9TQO|3.0|The movie is great, but the additional items are not so good as to warrent the additional charge.  Stick with the movie only if you're interested in this item.
B0009WFDR4|4.0|Outside of Itchycoo Park, I never heard much Faces music until I got Long Player. It was horrible, so when I got hold of this CD, I wondered if it would stink just as bad. Turns out it was quite a surprise. This didn't sound anything like Long Player and impressed me right away.<br /><br />This is not heavy rock, but almost psychedelic, almost folk, almost a lot of things. The songs are catchy and the vocals are not grating or annoying. The musicianship is outstanding and it doesn't sound sloppy or half-baked. It also tells a story, as with the Cockney narration throughout.<br /><br />I can actually remember melodies after the first listen. That is a very good sign in my book.<br /><br />It isn't my normal thing, but for not being a big fan of this type of music, they impressed me anyway.<br /><br />This album is a lost classic. Highly recommended.
0312945973|5.0|While this is considered to be historical fiction, based upon the fact that there are bits and pieces that are truly based upon actual historical fact - such as locations and some certain events - overall, \\"River God\\" is more fiction than history.  That does not stop it from being a brilliant piece of story-telling!  I couldn't put it down - the characters were richly built, and their world was created so vividly that I would become completely immersed - when I would stop reading and close the book, a sudden \\"silence\\" would settle around me, like I had actually been there.  This is, to me, the sign of a truly great story-telling/reading experience.  I certainly plan to get the follow-up book, [[ASIN:0312945981 The Seventh Scroll (A Novel of Ancient Egypt)]], as well as [[ASIN:031294599X Warlock: A Novel of Ancient Egypt]], which is also set in this world.<br /><br />If you are a fan of ancient Egypt (as long as you don't mind some inaccuracies in the pursuit of good story-telling), a fan of historical fiction, enjoy a story of star-crossed lovers, like a good epic story-telling event, etc., you will enjoy this book.  Definitely find a way to get a copy of your own!
B0026P3G12|5.0|When I hear about Susan Boyle I could not stop to crying. She has the most angelical voice that I hear in long time. In addition She represent a wonderful example in this cruel and brutality society of Superation. I like a lot the music of this singer. Susan Boyle represent the  breaking news in the world that beauty is not only in the physical body. She has an internal beauty and for me it is the permanent and eternal value in all human being. The CD is AMAZING.
B002QEXN2K|4.0|My husband has been a huge fan of John Mayer for quite some time. I love him too, but if I am being honest not a fan of each and every song I've heard. But I really enjoyed this CD. It is perfect for background music or you can crank it up and enjoy it full flavored. Guess thats a nice way of putting it. At any rate, if you are a fan of John Mayer at all I think you will enjoy this CD. It is not a rock~n~roller or full of down home blues. Just very nice, tastily played and enjoyable all the way through.
1433502410|5.0|As a seminary student, I have an appreciation for a good study bible, as well as a superior Bible translation.  I think I have found an exemplary combination of both in the ESV Study Bible ([...] published by Crossway Bibles of Wheaton Illinois.<br /><br />This Bible was created by a team of 95 evangelical Christian scholars and teachers.  These contributors come from 9 countries, representing nearly 20 denominations and more than 50 seminaries, colleges, and universities.  Among the esteemed team members is J. I. Packer ([...] who holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree from Oxford University, is a Professor of Theology at Regent College in Vancouver, Canada and is highly esteemed as one of the foremost theologians in the world.<br /><br />In 2009, the ESV Study Bible (ESV stands for English Standard Version, by the way) won the Evangelical Christian Publishers Association Christian Book Award for Book of the Year, the first time a study Bible achieved this distinction.<br /><br />Primary features of this Bible are (these statistics comes from the inner book cover flap):<br /><br />*  2,752 pages of teaching, explanation, maps, articles,  and Bible texts<br />*  2 million words with 20,000 notes and other resources<br />*  200 full-color maps printed alongside the ESV text and notes throughout the Bible<br />*  40 all-new illustrations including full-color renderings and architectural<br />  diagrams<br />*  200-plus charts providing concise summaries and key insights<br />*  Over 50 articles on essential topics of theology, ethics, and biblical teaching<br />*  80,000 cross-references and an extensive concordance<br /><br />A bonus with the purchase of The ESV Study Bible print edition is an online edition of the print edition.  Features include the Bible in searchable digital form, interactive links to all of the materials, the ability to create personal online notes, the opportunity to listen to the audio ESV, as well as additional resources available only online.<br /><br />I happen to enjoy and appreciate the English Standard Version of the Bible.  The intent of the translators was to capture the precise wording of the original text and the personal style of each Bible writer, while taking into account differences of grammar, syntax, and idiom between current literary English and the original languages.  This translation is true to the original languages, while at the same time highly readable.<br /><br />Each book of the Bible includes an introduction which provides interesting information on, among other things, the author, the date, the theme, the timeline and literary features.  I found the numerous footnotes to be especially helpful.  The maps come in handy for putting yourself on site (if you don't have the opportunity to personally visit the Holy Land).  There are maps throughout the Bible, as well as a large section at the end of the book.  There is also a very extensive Concordance.  Articles topics range Biblical Ethics and Interpreting the Bible to Religious Cults, to The Bible and World Religions.  If you have any questions about anything in the Bible, you are highly likely to find it in this edition!<br /><br />In summary, I would say that this Study Bible is invaluable for both the seminary student and the Christian who wants to learn more about the most important book that has even been written, and anyone else who wants to study at a deeper level.  I anticipate using this ESV Study Bible for the rest of my life, and would recommend it highly.<br /><br />This Bible was provided to me for review purposes by Crossway Bibles, a division of Good News Publishers.<br /><br />Reviewed by Andrea Schultz - Ponderings by Andrea - [...]r /><br />I happen to enjoy and appreciate the English Standard Version of the Bible.  The intent of the translators was to capture the precise wording of the original text and the personal style of each Bible writer, while taking into account differences of grammar, syntax, and idiom between current literary English and the original languages.  This translation is true to the original languages, while at the same time highly readable.<br /><br />Each book of the Bible includes an introduction which provides interesting information on, among other things, the author, the date, the theme, the timeline and literary features.  I found the numerous footnotes to be especially helpful.  The maps come in handy for putting yourself on site (if you don't have the opportunity to personally visit the Holy Land).  There are maps throughout the Bible, as well as a large section at the end of the book.  There is also a very extensive Concordance.  Articles topics range Biblical Ethics and Interpreting the Bible to Religious Cults, to The Bible and World Religions.  If you have any questions about anything in the Bible, you are highly likely to find it in this edition!<br /><br />In summary, I would say that this Study Bible is invaluable for both the seminary student and the Christian who wants to learn more about the most important book that has even been written, and anyone else who wants to study at a deeper level.  I anticipate using this ESV Study Bible for the rest of my life, and would recommend it highly.<br /><br />This Bible was provided to me for review purposes by Crossway Bibles, a division of Good News Publishers.<br /><br />Reviewed by Andrea Schultz - Ponderings by Andrea - [...]
B002DKF56Y|5.0|Eno's first album after leaving Roxy Music (and his departure was most noted on the thrid Roxy LP-STRANDED) requires a special taste.  I purchased the vinyl when it first came out in 1974/5 on Island.  I wasn't sure what to make of it, and to this day and still not.  Like with all of Eno's work, you either love it or hate it...there is no in-between. He is, in every sense a genius, and this album, along with the two that followed proved that.  The album is pure Eno-electronics and sounds to fill the voids.  \\"Baby's on Fire\\" as noted by most is the most memorable tune from the collection.  Yet, the album breezes along effortlessly from track to track and each on amazes. Over the years, it has become one of my favorites and continues to be to this day.  If you are not an Eno lover, this album is not for you...or for that matter are any of his others (especially Ambient Noise LP's).
0446567337|4.0|\\"Dear John\\" is the approiately named book by Nicholas Sparks that tells a story about a obstinate boy who falls in love with the girl of his dreams at one of the worst possible times. Right as he is about to go back to his infantry in Germany. With only months left of his tour, John and Savannah frequently write letters back and forth. After 9/11, John feels that it is his patriotic duty to reenlist. Even though Savannah is averse to this, she beguiles him and leads him on to believe that she's okay with everything. Letters become less and less frequent and it's obvious that their once love was slowly fading. John tells himself that once he completes his deployment everything will be okay. The next and final letter he recieves from Savannah is the true \\"Dear John\\" letter... I'd  recommend this book to any Nicholas Sparks fan and anyone interested in a real tear jerker. It's one of his best novels and is a modern day romance novel between a soldier and his sweetheart back home.
B002VKE1K2|5.0|I love these type of movies i found it very interesting and thrilling hopefully you will find it very pleaseing.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|As good as advertised.  No movie, series, or video has ever captured the planet quite like Planet Earth.
B001MVYUPC|5.0|This was a good film about a good story. I love Gandhi and I have watched this film over and over. If I could only keep a few of my movies this would film would definitely be in the top 2 that I'd keep.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|I love the Beatles and now I love them even more. The quality is if they recorded all this music yesterday. the packaging is first rate and is worth the money. I recommend this to anyone who loves the Beatles and who loves music.
0393330435|2.0|Okay, well he's a nice jerk, but still...    This book typifies Apple the computer and Apple the company to a \\"T\\". Style and image and little real substance. In the main, that goes for Apple users as well.    Yes, Woz did some cool stuff, but so did many of the other pioneers of the the mid-70s era. And his stuff was by no means so revolutionary as he claims.    He goes on for several pages extolling his two-chip floppy card. Well, if he'd simply used a real floppy controller chip like the others (such as the Western Digital 17xx series FDCs used in the TRS-80) his drive might have actually worked. Because of his el-cheapo approach, he couldn't use the reliable FM and MFM encoding. Instead he was forced to use Group Code Recording, which is supposedly self-clocking. Yes, it works OK, but ***only when the drive is new***. When the head drifts out of alignment, the clamping mechanism starts slipping, or if the drive speed goes off, his amateurish scheme fails big time. His kludge substitute for an actual disk controller has no protocols for error detection or correction. I happen to know because I worked for several years as a disk duplicator for a big-time software publisher, and I saw for myself the people in the customer support department tearing their hair out and climbing the walls taking calls and processing returns from irate customers with their piece-of-**** Apple drives.    His info on the TRS-80 on pages 208 and 209 is completely wrong and demands that I set the record straight. The Rad Shack machine didn't earn the moniker \\"Trash-80\\" for nothing (spontaneous reboots, key bounce, lousy cassette, etc), but it was hardly as primitive as he describes.     He gloats because his Apple II can go up to 48K and the \\"Trash-80\\" only goes up to 4K. HA! In 1977 the first Model Is were sold with 4K (when many other computers only had 1K or 2K), but all could be later upgraded when 16K DRAMs became available.    Contrary to Woz, the TRS-80 also had a \\"real\\" keyboard. Unlike the Apple, you could install a numeric keypad in the main unit. So much for being the greatest ever \\"business machine\\" (I must admit though that Tandy skimped on lowercase letters, just to save $1 in hardware)    Yes Woz, the TRS-80 does graphics. Sure, they're block graphics in black and white, but with CPUs as slow as they were back in that day, that's all you can do well. The Apple had sharp color graphics, but all it could do was static displays because the piddling 1 Mhz 6502 lacked the horsepower to push all those pixels around. The '80 had many wonderful games with objects zooming all over the screen. Trash-80 coders knew how to work within the limits of the machine hardware and still deliver a satisfying user experience.    He says the Apple could be programmed in machine language or BASIC, and that made it a business machine (Visicalc came later). Not the TRS-80, which is BASIC only. Wrong. Look back into all the articles in 80 Microcomputer having to do with coding in assembler, and moreover, how to interface BASIC with m/l subroutines in protected memory. The Apple has no means of protecting memory, it's all or nothing there, no flexibility.    Speaking of BASIC, only Tandy had the good sense to include Microsoft Basic in their machine. Compare Applesoft vs. TRS-80 Level II feature for feature. No contest, the Woz machine doesn't do complex strings, no double-precision floating point, file handling is a joke. Yes, Apple had Visicalc first, but that was only because Bricklin picked the Apple completely at random as his development target -- it says so in [[ASIN:0887308554 Accidental Empires: How the Boys of Silicon Valley Make Their Millions, Battle Foreign Competition, and Still Can't Get a Date]] by Robert Cringely. But Visicalc was not everything, there are hundreds of business apps besides, and in this day they were mostly written in BASIC, and the \\"Trash-80\\" was the only computer with a REAL BASIC.    This exemplifies Woz's whole approach to theApple -- cheap cheap cheap. Cheap CPU, cheap disk drives, cheap software. Typically Apple: cheap in everything but customer $$$.    Woz completely omits the fact that to buy an Apple you had to buy it through mail-order (at least until later when they got some dealers). Of course he doesn't mention that Radio Shack was the first computer retailer EVER where you could bring it in for servicing or upgrading, buy approved accessories and software, and get training. Apple users had to settle for \\"user groups\\" for support. Since we're talking about Apple users here, perhaps I should say \\"user groupies\\".    Much is made of the Apple's presence in the educational market. Fact is, the TRS-80 had a greater market penetration here. It's not well known because Tandy was famous for not disclosing its sales figures. Here again Apple propaganda reigns supreme.   Which reminds me, it was Tandy's massive advertising efforts that were the coattails that Apple rode to the market on.    I hope all these specific examples show what this book is about: Woz's self-loving ego. I'm sure he's a nice guy and all, and there were some good things to the Apple (color hi-res 80-column screen, sound, slots), but he wasn't all that, child.    If you want to read a really good, even heroic, story of an inventor-genius, read this one: [[ASIN:0743251180 Copies in Seconds: How a Lone Inventor and an Unknown Company Created the Biggest Communication Breakthrough Since Gutenberg--Chester Carlson and the Birth of Xerox]] by David Owen. How a Lone Inventor and an Unknown Company Created the Biggest Communications Breakthrough since Gutenberg - Chester Carlson and the Birth of the Xerox Machine. And do get the hardcover, after you read this tale you'll be glad to have the deluxe version.    Woz could learn more than a thing or two about writing from this book.
B000003S0D|4.0|Lizard - King Crimson (3.67 stars)<br />Original Release: 12/11/1970<br /><br />Songs:<br /><br />Cirkus including Entry of the Chameleons (4 stars)<br />Creepy, psychotic circus music with a great instrumental chorus with mellotron that sounds like a horn blown by Poseidon himself.  The bass comes in underneath with a malevolent swagger and the acoustic guitar flows around it like a manic feather boa.  This sound also has good mellotron and saxophone instrumental section.  Overall great mix of instrument, mood and drama.  This song ends with a sound effect like that one that ended \\"The Devil's Triangle\\" on their previous album; a kind of shimmering light sound.<br /><br />Indoor Games (3 stars)<br />I am unable to get much understanding out of the lyrics on this song.  Their is a confusion of guitar around the vocals and a bemused sax melody.  Strong strums on the acoustic guitar accent the brief chorus.  The instruments are numerous and complex but syncopated.<br /><br />Happy Family (3 stars)<br />This song has the same light tone as the previous song and is connected to it by the vocalist's laughter.  The instruments also, similarly, are played like a controlled avalanche around the vocals.  I've read that this song is about the Beatles' break up; perhaps, if I knew more about the Beatles I might be able to recognize this in the lyrics.  Otherwise the lyrics are just strange like some Ringo Starr song.<br /><br />Lady of the Dancing Water (3 stars)<br />There is excellent flute playing on this slow, quiet song.  If I'm not very much mistaken this is actually a love song;  I can't think of another love song that King Crimson has done.<br /><br />Lizard: Prince Rupert Awakes, Bolero: The Peacock's Tale, The Battle of Glass Tears: (Dawn Song, Last Skirmish, Prince Rupert's Lament), Big Top (4 stars)<br />Given that there is seemingly a story behind this song, I imagine that the lyrics are penetrable but I have not been able to make too much sense of them.  This is King Crimson's only epic length song.  I think the band has turned down the complexity a slight notch for the most part in favor of more straight-forward instrumentation.  Jon Anderson's mystical voice climaxes in the first part of the song with a passionate mellotron in the tradition of King Crimson's album-titled songs so far.  The mood is anticipatory and calm until this first climax is reached.  Then starts a beautiful instrumental, a bolero, with a succession of elegant woodwind and brass instruments that play slight variations on the main theme.  The instruments include trumpet, clarinet, oboe, saxophone and trombone together, then all these instruments join together with a piano, often played like a harp, in the background.  The mellotron comes in at the end like a backing string section.  After this bolero the oboe plays an ominous song of the dawn before a battle.  The regular vocalist returns to sing and after this the mellotron kicks in with bass beating the drums of war.  Then the saxophone sings a war march.  Further sounds emulate the chaos and violence of war until a further climax resolves into a kind of funeral lament with the bass plucking deep notes and the guitar screaming someone's agony.  After this misery fades away the sounds of a big top fade in and then as soon fade away again as the pitch and tempo slowly increase, suggesting a kind of madness.  Also, this theme may have been an effort to tie the album's beginning and ending together conceptually.<br /><br />Album:<br />This album has a more cohesive sound than its predecessor \\"In the Wake of Poseidon\\".  I sense that the mellotron is gradually loosing ground in successive King Crimson albums, but it is still being used effectively.  Woodwind and brass instruments often get to shine on this album and are not always lost in an effort to create a crazy cacophony.  This is one of the highlights of this album's style, to showcase the talents of the musician's individual efforts.<br /><br />MP3recommendation:<br /><br />Four stars (4 stars)<br />1.  Cirkus (4 stars)<br />2.  Lizard (4 stars)
B000002OX7|5.0|I had heard The Who's music for years, but I had only heard their more mainstream hits, which are great by the way. Then a friend was telling me that I would appreciate 'Who's Next' in its entirety. So I bought it and I am completely satisfied.     Some people say the remastered versions are not as good as the original vinyls. I really can't say either way because I never listened to the vinyl. Regardless, this is definitely in my Top 5 favorite albums. It has the ever famous 'Baba O'Riley,' 'Won't Get Fooled Again,' and 'Behind Blue Eyes,' but one of my favorite songs on the album in 'My Wife,' a song I would have never heard had I not bought the album.    If you like The Who's popular stuff, there's a good chance you will like this album.
B002N8A14M|3.0|This case was ideal: clear hard case, convenient belt clip, very comfortable armband.  However, the big problem I am having is that the case extends a very short length beyond the end of the Nano.  I use a set of Shure earbuds (which I love), and the plug cannot fit fully into the headphone jack due to the extension of the case.  The standard Ipod earphones fit fine because the plug is very slim and straight.    VERY frustrating.  I'm left with finding a new case or buying new earphones.  Case is certainly cheaper, but I've not found another with the hard case/belt clip/armband combo.
B001C4AFOY|4.0|I love, love, love period films and though I did not know much at all about Queen Victoria or her past, I was still excited about this film. I'm not going to comment on the historical innacuracies in the film since I'm not terribly familiar with that particular time in history. My review will soley be based on the quality of the movie.    Visually stunning, the film doesn't miss a beat, from beginning to end. It always kept my interest and I found myself intrigued with the characters and their situations. Emily Blunt is simply fantastic as the young, inexperienced, but eager girl who would be Queen. She is subtle in her performance but has a constant twinkle in her eyes that just feels so genuine. You can really tell she put her heart and soul into this role. I have heard people complain that she was not right for this role- that she isn't elegant nor eloquent enough to have played Queen Victoria. Well, I certainly did not find anything 'wrong' with her performance. This is truly her film and she carried it flawlessy, I thought. Rupert Friend as Prince Albert is also a real treat. Handsome, elegant and charmingly unsure at times, his character goes through many changes in the film and you cannot help but to instantly like him. Friend and Blunt have a subtle chemistry that is just perfect for this film and watching them interact with each other is very entertaining.     Now, being a period film, I must comment on the costumes, as they can make or break a film such as this. The wardrobe is one of my most favorite aspects about a film such as this and I was not dissapointed. Though I dearly love the empire style of the Regency era, I was still quite taken with the beautiful gowns and stately wardrobe in The Young Victoria. Not over the top, the costumes fit the characters perfectly and comfortably, it seems.    This is not an in your face type of film. It is subtle and charming and beautifully made. At times witty, and sometimes dramatic, but never boring, The Young Victoria is a real treat that is sure to please a multitude of viewers.
006176759X|4.0|This book was very good, maybe an auto biography. I have always been a watcher of The Hills, if you dont watch the Hills or like to hear about that lifestyle you wont like the book. So please dont bother leaving negative feedback because you have to like the lifestyle to like the book.
B0027G783W|5.0|Introspective, somber, dreamy, and addictive.. it sweeps you away on a captivating journey. This is an album meant to be listened to all the way through. Be warned that this is not an upbeat album so set your expectations accordingly.    Be sure to check out the Deluxe version of this disc for an extra disc and some live footage well worth the extra dollar or two over this version.
B001FB4VXU|5.0|Love this show.I own both seasons that have been released and am looking forward to future releases.Great for hours of viewing at your own leisure!
0451228731|2.0|I agree with the reviewers that say the ending is a disappointment and the last half of the book extends into fantasy (killer robot motorcycles with swords!)  It would be a pretty piece of engineering just to get a robot motorcycle to stay upright on an unprogrammed turn).  And yes, characters are introduced, built up, only to disappear for a few hundred pages and reappear out of nowhere.  But am I one of the few that had believability problems with the first few chapters also?  Sure, I can suspend disbelief for the sake of a good story but:  While I can believe an evil genius programmer writing a \\"daemon\\" to wreak havoc after his death, when he provides a mansion full of physical booby traps and robot-controlled weapons for the daemon to use why does no-one (the FBI, local police, ANYONE) ask who built all the weapons and traps? Sobol didn't build the fortress of doom himself and, although he had the money to hire a construction firm, what sort of contractor wouldn't even question such a contract, or keep plans and blueprints?  What sort of investigator wouldn't find the contractor who built the traps before they went in the second time?  And as far as the subplot that a jury is supposed to believe a local detective rigged the whole thing as an extortion scheme (perhaps with help from a programmer to two) again, how would the (framed) conspirators turn Sobol's estate into the house of death without anyone noticing or questioning it?  A rookie lawyer ought to be able to build reasonable doubt on that.    All in all, it has the feel of an action movie script
1932100660|5.0|\\"The China Study\\", by T. Colin Campbell and Thomas Campbell, is a science book written by a scientist and his son. The title was chosen by the publisher, and is a little off the mark, since only one chapter of the 18 is about the study done in China. If I were to give a title to the book, I would name it \\"Macronutrients and Diseases of Affluence: a Scientific Autobiography\\". The book is important for anyone interested in what science has to say about diet and disease, or interested in what a scientist with long experience has to say about the way science is conducted and the way most of us get our information that is supposedly based on science.   The book has the impact that books have that are written by someone forced to change his or her mind about something really important, purely by the force of evidence. In order to get right to that impact, and the feel of the book as a science book, I recommend skipping all the prefatory material and starting on page 4 of the introduction. The book does have a conclusion, and a few pages after page 4, we do get to that conclusion, but by that time we will have seen enough of Campbell's story to be gripped by it--and not, perhaps, turned off by a conclusion, not yet supported, against which we may have our own prejudices.  Colin Campbell grew up on a dairy farm, became an effective establishment scientist, isolated previously unknown cancer-causing agents, taught courses to pre-med students in which he \\"lament[ed] the views of vegetarians\\", and became involved in a public health project in the Philippines designed to bring better nutrition to children. Better nutrition primarily meant adequate protein--according to Campbell's own background and apparently universal consensus.  The Philippine children had another problem. A very high number of them were developing liver cancer, thought to be caused by aflatoxin, a mold toxin. Then came the surprise: it was the children who were the best nourished, the children of the wealthiest families, that were getting the cancer. Campbell doesn't say whether this strange fact sent him digging in the literature, or whether he uncovered by more routine or accidental means a study done in India:   In this study, aflatoxin was administered to rats. Then the rats were fed a diet of either 20% protein or 5% protein. The study reported that the rats fed the 20% protein diet ALL developed liver cancer; NONE of the rats fed the 5% protein diet developed cancer. Campbell states, \\"This information countered everything I had been taught.\\" It caused him to focus his career on the \\"role of nutrition, especially protein, in the development of cancer.\\"  What he and his students and colleagues found in his own laboratory at Cornell confirmed the results of the Indian study. He states, \\"In fact, dietary protein proved to be so powerful in its effect that we could turn on and off cancer growth simply by changing the level consumed. ... But that's not all. ... Casein, which makes up 87% of cow's milk protein promoted all stages of the cancer process.\\" Proteins that \\"did not promote cancer, even at high levels of intake ... were from plants, including wheat and soy.\\"  A hypothetical theory of why this might be so suggests itself to me. We humans are creatures consisting largely of red \\"meats\\". The common perception that meat is a good source of protein is very accurate. Red meat is indeed high-quality protein. Red meat cells from animals probably contain close to perfect amounts of all the nutrients useful for our own red meat cells. It makes it easy for the body's cells to reproduce--and it makes it easy for cancer cells to reproduce. The hypotheses are (1) that as food stuffs get further removed from our own mammalian stuff, the body needs to work harder to make human stuff from the food, (2) the body is better at doing this than are cancer cells, and (3) the body competes better than cancer cells for scarce (5% protein) resources.  I inject this hypothetical theoryhere to forestall potential critics of Campbell: \\"Campbell is saying protein is bad, but we all know the body needs good protein. Campbell is a heretic.\\" If Campbell is a heretic, then the orthodoxy needs to change, because Campbell is only reporting good science. (He doesn't get into hypothetical theories--like mine above.) In fact, the data that such critics start from is sound: animal protein is good--perhaps too good and too abundant. Campbell deserves to be read--not dismissed. He needs to be read especially by anyone responsible for anyone else's health: parents, public health officials, physicians, and so on.
B0007MWZEK|5.0|I was skeptical that anything this twangy looking would be of any interest to me. But when I used my sister's while visiting over the holidays, I was most impressed cleaning her wooden floors. When I returned home, I ordered this one and have had it long enough to still be mighty impressed with it's amazing ability to get into every conceivable corner and under chairs, tables and base cabinet toe kicks all with one hand. It works well enough on small kitchen carpets, that I don't shake them out anymore before sweeping.  I get somewhere between 3-4 sweepings before recharging and try to keep the battery on the charger for about 6-7 hours. Used the thread cutter cleaning tool to clean the brushes once and it worked OK.  I just laid down laminate in the kitchen and utility rooms and was looking for a way to easily keep them clean. Compared to using a broom and dustpan, this is so easy, that it gets done daily because it's actually fun to use and is much more convenient than getting the vacuum out. The magnet that holds the base to the handle is a great feature, allowing it to be laid against the wall. Only minor irritation is the hole in the handle is too small for my wooden pegs to hang from.
B000059XUP|3.0|I know I'm going to p**s a lot of people off but this is a good sequel it's not as good as the 1st cause none of sequels will ever be as good. Casting is great Vincent Perez plays             Ashe Corven/The Crow Richard Brooks Plays Judah Eral Mia Kirshner plays Sarah Iggy Pop plays Curve & Thuy Trang plays Kali. This movie I feel has a darker tone the story is Ashe Corven & his son witness a murder & are killed by members of Judah Eral's gang. Sarah from the 1st movie from the 1st movie is an adult she has changed mutured & it is for the better. I know a lot of you will say oh I liked the Sarah from the 1st movie better so you like a foul mouthed annoying (at times brat.) You had to pay to watch her you don't have to pay to read my reviews. You want to see s****y go watch Katie Stuart from the TV show. Sarah sees Ashe & Danny's murders in her dreams the Crow leads her to Ashe she actually applies the paint to Ashe so it actually has a reason unlike Salvation to have the style of paint that Eric Draven had. Greammer Revell returned & done the score the soundtrack is still b****in' White Zombie Filter & a young Deftones. I liked The Crow COA  it's underrated really the only good sequel in the Crow franchise.
B002RSDWF8|5.0|Introspective, somber, dreamy, and addictive.. it sweeps you away on a captivating journey. This is an album meant to be listened to all the way through. Be warned that this is not an upbeat album so set your expectations accordingly.    The Deluxe version with all the extras is well worth the extra dollar or two over the original version.
0312370830|4.0|I don't think I have ever read a more disturbing story.  The little boy left in the cupboard affected me so much that I am still depressed over it.  I am a grandmother and could only picture that little boy as one of my grandsons.  The suffering he must have experienced.  The last part of the book did not \\"hold\\" me as the first half.  I kept reading to see if there was possibly some kind of happy ending. It was very well written and I learned a lot about the Paris \\"roundup\\" of families. I recommend this book only to strong spirited people, but it will definitely leave you down.
B0029O0BKO|4.0|I didn't really think this movie looked all that great on blu-ray until I popped in the regular DVD again for a comparison.  The verdict - the standard DVD looks like garbage compared to the blu-ray.  There is a noticeable improvement in the entire movie and certain scenes are vastly improved.  Sound quality is improved, but nothing drastic...not that you would expect to be impressed by the sound in Over the Top.  No features to speak of, but it's probably because they don't exist and not because Warners is holding out on us and will someday try to make everyone buy Over the Top: Extreme Ultimate Edition.  Bottom line is that you might not play this movie and be instantly blown away by the quality, but taking into account how old it is and what the standard DVD looked like, it is worth the upgrade.
B002K0WBYG|5.0|SHe was really happy with the movie and the Service we recieved.  Thank you.
B002RKXO5O|5.0|Loved every minute of it and was gutted I was not able to watch them live!<br />Living on the other side of the world does have its downsides but many thanks to this DVD, I finally got to see what their awesome show was like at Wembley Stadium.<br /><br />At the first song, this dvd literally brought me to tears. Take That's genius when it comes to creating theatrics mixed with their songs absolutely outstands me. No expense was spared - and as a HUGE fan of the band, I would say they have completely outdone themselves. Bring on the next tour! But while that's still not happening, this is a nice dvd to look back on!
B001CDLATE|5.0|1st, Stunning Image Quality. The video transfer into HiDef is flawless. Clean, Clear, and Crisp. This BD will show you how good Blue Ray can be, and what other HD movies should be in term of Image Quality. It is a Hi Definition with Hi Fidelity I think, even the 1080P resolution is not enough to show the real hi resolution of the movie. This is my BD reference.<br /><br />2nd, the storyline is about \\"The Avatar of real life\\". Simply so beautiful, no words to tell, the pictures tell millions words. It will touch your consciousness, if you were still awake while watching it ;-)
0143116738|3.0|My therapist mentioned this book to me because he's reading it and it reminded him of me. I'm in the process exactly described by Robinson: I have a \\"day job\\" that sucks but it pays the bills while I'm finishing up a masters in Professional Writing (oh, and I'm a \\"non-traditional\\" student). My long term goal is to be a freelance author's editor for scientists and researchers, and although that may not sound like fun, for me it has all the passion, fascination, heart, and stimulation that Robinson describes as being in the Element.     So why three stars? Because the book is merely descriptive and not very helpful. One of my biggest challenges has been finding my \\"tribe,\\" people who share my passion for writing and editing, so I thought his chapter on the subject would provide me with ideas for finding my tribe; it didn't. It just described the importance of finding your tribe and gave examples of people who had found theirs. Not a word about \\"this is how you might go about finding your tribe.\\" I also found his constant use of famous people as examples to be a bit tiresome - what do they have to do with me? I can't relate to these people.     I admit I haven't yet finished the book, but halfway through I already have an opinion.
B000WQWPKA|4.0|There are a bunch of regular reviews for the movie, so this is only for the blu-ray.  To me, it is a worthwhile upgrade because overall, it is a nice improvement over the standard DVD.  Certain well-lit non-action scenes look really incredible in blu-ray.  Other action or FX shots just look pretty standard.  Overall, though, it is an improvement.  Sound is good, too.  Only complaint that I had was that the scene menu was really slow and it tooks eons to scroll between scene previews.  This could just be my player though.    Sadly, that scene where Russell flies his biplane into the alien's giant laser is not on here, but that's not that surprising because this disc is pretty short on special features.  If you are looking for the extended version, it's not here.  But for me, the fact that this disc doesn't have it or many other features isn't that big of a deal.  Most of the deleted scenes were deleted with good reason (including the subplot of Russell's youngest son having some disease and not being his biological child...or something).  Honestly, ID4 is one of those movies that I don't really want to think about that much, so I don't care that there isn't some one hour behind the scenes thing about how they made a miniature White House to blow up.  I just care that the blu-ray is an improvement over the DVD.  Of course, based on how many versions of the DVD that were released (I know of at least three that I saw personally), this is just the first of many editions.
B002XTBE6K|2.0|As a long time Janeite, I've seen all the adaptations, and one thing that is critical for them is to recapture the manners and spirit of the period, and the flavor of the novel.  To me, the best adaptation of Emma to screen is the BBC version with Beckinsdale and Mark Strong, who were perfect as Emma  and Knightly.  Emma in this latest version appears more like a skivvy or a shopgirl in her expressions and manners -  Romola Garai is gauche and gushing - with her abrupt bobbing curtseys and bouncing in and out of chairs and rooms she seems more like a chambermaid in a middle class house than the daughter of a gentleman. How can she be appalled at the middle class Mrs Elton when her own manners and demeanor have none of the polish or poise of a gentlewoman?      One of the characteristics of Emma was that she was very full of her family's position as one of the first in Highbury, which necessarily leads to her imagining Harriet as a gentleman's daughter too good to throw herself away on an otherwise respectable farmer, to her clashes as the Coles attempt to \\"move up\\" into \\"first class\\" society  - something the rest of her set -- Knightly, the Bates -- have no issue with, or her rejection of Elton and Mrs Elton.  Emma's expressions, posture, even her hair, are entirely out of character for this important point in the novel.    Knightly (Johhny Lee Miller) appears too young  -- you don't get the sense there is the necessary 16 year difference that is essential to maintaining the initial romantic distance between them.  He also doesn't have the inherant dignity and decorum that is Knightly.  The whole cast appears skewed to 2010 values in demeanor.  Jane Fairfax had a great deal of revealing expressions for someone who is supposed to be so reserved.       On the pluses, Mr. Woodhouse is rather good, but he's been doing this sort of period work often in his career, and understands the requirements.  The rest of the cast is passable.     The best adaptations also use as much of the books narrative and dialogue as possible.  Unfortunately the author of this screenplay, unlike Andrew Davies, chose to put her words in the character's mouths.  The dialogue doesn't have the cadence of the original, and the dumbing down of the expressions to 2010 speech is a serious annoyance for those of us who love the irony and wit in Jane Austen's turns of phrase.    Still, the film is pretty to look at and it is passable. But if the point of putting Jane Austen to film is to recreate Jane Austen, it would help to take some care to make it Jane Austen, in characters, in mores, and in period. Emma and Knightly have been brought forward too much and lost their essential natures. This flawed adaptation reminds me of the recent adaptation of Mansfield Park, -- if not as bad -- where they substantially transformed the heroine and the dialogue to 21st century standards.   I'm sure there are people who will like this more populist version of Emma, but it doesn't work for me.  For other purists, again, I'd recommend the BBC Beckinsdale version, which is unfortunately a much shortened version of the book, but still captures better its tone and spirit. I can only hope someday someone does a more faithful adaptation of my favorite Jane Austen novel.  In the interim, this is worth a rental, if not a purchase.
B002SJIO4A|3.0|The cinematography in this film is confused - - it switches between movie and documentary style, at will.  It didn't make me feel like I was watching a documentary or a movie - but it also wasn't a well done combination, in between.  I was more frustrated and distracted by the film making, than the ethics, topics, and situations of this film.    The film had great ethical dilemmas, was a great political commentary, and profile of humanity, but I wasn't able to connect with any of the characters.  The human characters weren't very believable, especially the main character.  The doddering main character was in a position of power, but had no control over his trigger happy cohorts.  Perhaps this was commentary on our actual state of world affairs, when this was filmed, but it just lacked the punch or present context to make the character work.      The main character is a flaccid nerd with no ethic or depth.  His fate in the movie was to develop that, but his redeeming moments were powerless, and his character does not invoke any inspiration or self reflection, in the audience.  Those who are going to see the nuance in this character's purpose are the people who are already aware of the state of humanity, politics, etc.  The point that is made with this character is so subtle and powerless, it won't affect the people in society that need to be affected in this way.    You'll probably find yourself siding with the aliens, in the end, and realizing the entire film is an analogy for cases of cultural clashes and immigration, across the world.    Otherwise, one extra star (bringing it up to three) for being a pretty cool sci-fi flick, with some great, and realistic animation.
B00001PE4D|3.0|it was in very good condition, but there was no case for it like the other DVD's I have ordered from Amazon.  It cam in a paper sleeve, which adds no protection a case would have.  I don't recommend buying from this person.
0805091742|3.0|I have seen Dr. Gawande at public/professional events and like his lucid communication style. I liked -and have purchased - his previous books and articles but this one lacks depth and at places, scientific rigor.    Yes, checklist are good instruments and can cause a positive impact; but the question of who creates/owns and controls these checklists can have a significant impact. Checklists, administered through insurance entities, can put undue pressure and cause premature closure of the decision process. If you have observed or participated in patient handoff processes (I have), you will need no additional validation of the benefits of checklists - but managing (version control) of these checklists is a tedious process requiring engaged intention.    Finally, applying checklists for differentiated gains with weather and stock market predictions? Come on, this is silly (especially since it is mostly anecdotal and without qualified validation) and appears to be thrown in to make a wider audience available, perhaps at the behest of the publisher.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|another brainless movie featuring million dollar c.g.i effects and a laughable,rediculous plot. in the middle of an apocalypse we have an american family who is able , not only fly plains through flames and valcanic eruptions but take off from runways that are cracking up, falling appart , sinking and not to mention ramp effertly over sunken roads with their vehicle, like kitt in knight rider.(perhaps their vehicle has a hidden turboboost button.)the characters show no real emotions, the world is breaking appart ,flooded ,the human race virtualy exstinct and love ones dying yet the remaining humans are very calm ,as if they are off to an afternoon picnic. woody harrelson's character seems to be mentaly handicapped, with his hokee dialogue and especialy moronic death scene,he shows no fear of dying instead howls out ,as if having fun and is going to be hit by a tennis ball, rather than a giant fire ball. and naturally the usual predictable ending with john cusack's character(who is an auther)developing a \\"superhero\\" complex and saves the day.if you are looking endless laughs and absurdities, i recomend this junk.
B002RSDW8A|4.0|This is the first movie in a long time that I have watched and rewatched.  Merryl Streep's portrayal of Julia Child is fabulous, and  Stanley Tucci's of Paul Child is a perfect foil and catalyst for her.  Apparently Streep insisted to the director that Tucci be her \\"Paul\\" and she was right -- his expressions, his demeanor, is just classic -- watch his expressions when Julia talks about taking \\"hat lessons\\", or when Julia is sobbingly chopping huge piles of onions  - and spare a laugh for Julia's knife brandishing in the same scene.  The two together developed a magical chemistry that leaps out of the film and brings their characters to life.  I also loved the actors who played Louisette and Simone - her fellow gourmands. In summary, I can't think of another recent movie I have had so much fun watching.  I wish they would do a sequel remake of \\"her life in France\\" with these two. Their part of the movie was just too short for such a talent showcase.     However, the above is really only half the movie.  The \\"Julie\\" part of Julie and Julia is fine for a first watch, but I confess, I fast forward through it on the rewatches.  Julie's constant whining and her treatment of her husband is contrary to the Julia part of the movie, and is not so enjoyable to watch. I am grateful that her blog and book caused the Julia part of this movie to be made.  But on itself, the Julie part is .... just average.    I'll give another rave to the soundtrack.  Loved the Julia theme, and \\"Bushel and a Peck\\" and \\"Time after Time\\".      The blu ray extras were good, if a bit pricey.    This one is worth a buy, even if you only watch half the movie with Julia and Paul.
B000NU2CY4|5.0|My rushed delivery was received in A++ Condition and ontime for Christmas.  Thank you!
B001JV5BIA|5.0|I had to return it, I haven't got my money back yet, but I know it takes a while, and the seller is extremely honest and helpful
B000H30B2C|5.0|[[ASIN:B000H30B2C King Kong - Extended Cut (Three-Disc Deluxe Edition)]]    I recently ordered the 3-disc deluxe edition of Peter Jackson's King Kong, and just have to say that it was much better than I expected. The extra footage really adds alot to the movie, and the special effects were great.   [...]. has always delivered wonderful products, and I know that anytime that Amazon doesn't have a particular DVD but iNetVideo does, I am guaranteed to get exactly what I ordered.   Thanks again for a great product, and I will definitely continue to shop with Amazon and iNetVideo.
B0032JTV38|1.0|Gratuitous cartoony execution. This show is all about really bad CGI, gratuitous sex, and painfully boring slow-motion fights with buckets of blood. The special effects detract from an otherwise listless story.
1439175640|4.0|The other cookbooks from Magnolia were good, and so is this one.  Easy to prepare, and all sound delicious.  Good to have handy.
B000FILW86|5.0|Cheap Trick has been an interesting band. Mid to late 70's heroes of music that fused rock and roll, pop, and punk. Mid to late 80s MTV stars that went more commercial with hits like \\"The Flame\\". Ever since then, they have been releasing albums that range from more MTV-type commercial stuff to trying to regain the roots sound of their early work. In the last few years, Cheap Trick have come back better than ever, releasing two albums, starting with this one, that have been among some of their best recorded work, and their best since their 70s heyday. Their newest CD, \\"The Latest\\", I got first, as this one was nowhere to be found. I had to order it. Released in 2006, \\"Rockford\\", named after their Illinois home town, was hailed by Rolling Stone as one of the top 10 best rock albums of the year. It was great seeing the band get the attention they deserve critically. And what a fine piece of work it is!.    The album starts off with \\"Welcome To The World\\". This is a short and rousing 2 minute opener that starts things off on the right note. It's a simple, straight forward song, one that wouldn't be out of place opening one of their shows, if they feel like retiring \\"Hello There\\" for some concerts. It's a classic sounding song that, when I first heard a snippet, I thought it wasn't new. It must of been an older song re-recorded because I could of sworn I had heard it before. I love it. We then immediatley rock into \\"Perfect Stranger\\", a song Rick Nielsen and Robin Zander co-wrote with Linda Perry, rock singer and songwriter, who also penned Pink's \\"Get This Party Started\\". It's a catchy pop/rock ditty that shows the band in fine form. \\"If It Takes A Lifetime\\" is a power pop/rock type of love song that sounds like it belongs on the radio. This immediatley flows into \\"Come On Come On Come On\\", not to be confused with their late 70s song \\"Come On Come On\\". This one is a raging guitar burner with Zander singing 'Come on, come on, little baby!!\\". It's a great rock song. Things slow down a bit for \\"O Claire\\", not to be confused by another CT song, \\"Oh Claire\\", which was featured at the end of the \\"Heaven Tonight\\" CD. It's a gorgrous Beatles-esque/Lennon-ish song with classic sounding choruses that would of done Lennon proud. A gorgeous song. \\"This Time You Got It\\", while not as classic as the opening five songs, is a fun song nonetheless. It has a catchy guitar driven beat to it. \\"Give It Away\\" is a straight forward rock song that Nielsen could do in his sleep. This sounds like a classic song that could of come out of the 70s. One of my favorite songs on the disc is \\"One More\\". Not quite sure how to describe it. A funky, poppy, rock/disco hybrid that is as catchy as heck. Another nod to Roy Wood, perhaps?. Track 9 is \\"Every Day And Every Night\\", a pleasant enough pop ditty, but mostly filler to me. Then comes \\"Dream The Night Away\\", a 70s/80s pop/rock song with a nice, sing along chorus. \\"All Those Years\\" is a nicely crafted piece of pop with a wonderful Zander vocal. The CD ends with \\"Decaf\\", a rousing, but less than memorable closer.    In a recent interview, Rick Nielsen has said that every CD is a band effort nowadays, what with Nielsen being the primary songwriter back in the day, with the others chipping in here and there. It seems to work because these last two CDs have had a nice helping of different sounds and harmonies with everyone bringing something to the table. \\"Rockford\\" is a tightly produced package that lets the guys rip when need be, and lets them be slightly more mellow. It's a great mix that flows perfectly together and never seems to be out of focus with whatever else is going on on the CD. The band members are all playing and singing as brilliantly as ever, maybe even more so. There has been a feeling of rejuvenation on these last two CDs and it comes thru loud and clear on the songs. Rick Nielsen is a songwriting/guitar god to me and his playing is still top notch. Tom Petersson on bass is just sick. Bun E. Carlosstill pounds those drums like a force to be reckoned with. And then there is Robin Zander. Often cited as one of rock's finest voices ever, and is still so criminally underrated, he has been doing some of his finest work ever here lately. To be able to go from hollering, sneering, touch rock star on some tracks, and do an immediate turn around on the next singing a lovely harmony, it's almost like two different people. It's amazing. Nielsen also stated that someone who can do what Zander does is rare. I would have to agree.    \\"Rockford\\" is a wonderfully catchy, rocking, jaunty, and overall satisfying CD that should not only put a smile on the faces of Cheap Trick fans everywhere, but on the faces of any rock fan looking for good, quality stuff. I have only been really getting into and discovering Cheap Trick since October, so I am hardly a long time trickster, but they have become, in this short of time, one of my top 2 favorite bands of all time.
1878424505|3.0|\\"The Four Agreements\\" are 1) Be Impeccable with Your Words, 2) Don't Take Anything Personally, 3) Don't Make Assumptions and 4) Always Do Your Best. While I would subscribe to these agreements, I do not follow some of the author's \\"willy nilly\\" freedom approach.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|This film/BD deserves 5 stars, period!<br /><br />I am running a PS3 [great BD player & features] as my main BD player & had no problams with this disc, or any other of the 400 + BD's in my library.<br /><br />I think some of the negativity of this film comes from people wanting the so called typical U.S of A \\"Hollywood crap\\" that we quite often get spoon fed.<br /><br />This movie is not only a Sci-Fi geeks wet dream come true, it also had a great story with real race issues, was very funny & action packed as well. I still cannot believe how good it looks & sounds on Blu-ray & still cannot believe how good the special effects were. The alien, [prawn... lol] technology was IMO the best from any sci-fi thus far. Just blew me away!<br /><br />The film has an amazing contrast between high tech and the garbage ridden shanty town that the \\"prawns\\" are forced to live in, which is very gritty, filthy and desolate. What better place to film a movie about race issues than the ever dangerous Johannesburg... Just brillient!<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br />Hanzo
B002T9H2LA|5.0|I bought it as a present for my brother-in-law while he was recovering from surgery.  He told me he loved the movie, so I will give it a 5 star rating from him.  I haven't seen the movie yet, but it just won best supporting actor on the  Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild awards' shows, so it is a definite on my list now.
B002Q4TKAY|5.0|If you love the Killers, this is a must have. Amazing Concert with a great soundtack.
B002ZHKZD8|1.0|My PS3 works fine. This \\"flip disc\\" contains the DVD on one side and Blu-ray on the other. This Blu-ray WILL NOT PLAY IN MY PS3.    Unfortunately I've already purchased the whole individual collection and now must return it to Amazon.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I watched this series when it was on cable, and knew that I needed to buy it on DVD. The series is awesome and very addictive. It keeps you on your toes, as you are not sure what is going to happen next. Please note, however, that I most definitely would not recommend children watching this series. It most assuredly is adult-only, as there is ample nudity.    The DVDs, as well, are of top-notch quality. The picture quality is great, the menus are easy to navigate, and the bonus features are interesting and funny.
B000LPS4BG|4.0|This Blu-ray looks and sounds incredible on a HDTV. I also have the DVD version but will no longer watch it when I have this beautiful replication around.
1594488843|5.0|Pink's news: extrinsic motivation is so 1990s. In fact, using it drains work of its joy, turning what someone loves to do into just another chore. Its replacement is intrinsic motivation and he has several examples of how to execute on IM; for example,wait until after a project is completed and then provide an unexpected reward. His insights into automony and law firms are dead on:matters should be tied to how long the project naturally takes, not tied to  some arbitrary billable hour metric. The book's last third helps integrate many of its lessons, with short chapter summaries, questions to get your thinking going,quotes and book suggestions. A tool kit of sorts. For those interested in the cognitive aspects of motivation, this is a worthwhile and useful addition to the literature.
B00005JLF5|2.0|This DVD makes for an uncomfortable review to write. I fondly remember the launch of STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE 9 in early 1993 which seemed to re-envigorate the Star Trek franchise and offer some new storytelling possibilities. Seeing these early episodes again nearly two decades later, the start of this series is so rocky as to be nearly unwatchable. While the long dramatic arc of later years was pretty decent, this first season is awkward to say the least. Basically, the writers had several aspects to focus on: Gamma Quadrant, Bajoran politics and continuity with the pre-existing Star Trek canon. But instead of a cohesive presentation of these, we jump from one to another with each episode, and we're often still in Gene Rodenberry's Star Trek vibe where everyone is so jolly and peaceful. Once one starts noticing little cracks in the facade, the whole thing seems even more lame: the meaningless technobabble, the chronological problems, the unrealistic aliens, the distances that change wildly depending on storytelling needs, etc.<br /><br />The only saving grace is some of the acting. It's amazing how the presence of Rene Ren&eacute; Auberjonois and Armin Shimerman can overcome the mediocre writing, as does Harris Yulin's masterful guest appearance as a soldier tormented by memories of the atrocities his side committed. The stories can be exceedingly stupid, but they're acted out so well that it does sometimes make for compelling television.<br /><br />Because of my own disappointment, I'd really suggest that you purchase this DVD set only if you have seen these episodes recently and definitely know you want them. Don't just go by 17 year-old memories.
B000AP04L0|5.0|This movie is a modern day classic.  Anyone with a 9-5 job needs to see this movie.  An EXCELLENT cast including:<br /><br />Cast<br />Actor Role Notes<br />Ron Livingston Peter Gibbons Main protagonist - Disgruntled computer programmer working for Initech.<br />Jennifer Aniston Joanna Peter's prospective girlfriend<br />Gary Cole Bill Lumbergh Peter's main boss and main antagonist<br />David Herman Michael Bolton Peter's co-worker and friend<br />Ajay Naidu Samir Nagheenanajar Peter's co-worker and friend<br />Alexandra Wentworth Anne Peter's cheating girlfriend<br />Stephen Root Milton Waddams Meek obsessive Initech employee; mumbles a lot<br />Richard Riehle Tom Smykowski Useless Initech employee<br />Diedrich Bader Lawrence Peter's wise, construction-worker, next-door neighbor<br />Jenn Emerson Female Temp Super-happy \\"case of the Mondays\\" girl<br />Paul Willson Bob Porter Consultant<br />John C. McGinley Bob Slydell Consultant<br />Kinna McInroe Nina Initech employee<br />Todd Duffey Brian Chotchkie's employee<br />Greg Pitts Drew Initech employee (the \\"O-face guy\\")<br />Mike McShane Dr. Swanson Peter's \\"occupational hypnotherapist\\" who dies in his first session.<br />Linda Wakeman Laura Smykowski Tom's wife<br />Kyle Scott Jackson Rob Newhouse Tom's lawyer<br />Carolyn Cauley  Initech Employee (Uncredited)<br />Orlando Jones Steve Door-to-door magazine salesman<br />Barbara George-Reiss Peggy Lumbergh's secretary<br />Mike Judge Stan Manager of Chotchkie's (credited pseudonymously as \\"William King\\")<br />Jack Betts The Judge Appears in a dream to sentence Peter's friends to prison and rule Peter himself \\"a very bad person\\".<br />John Cauley  Initech Employee (Uncredited)<br /><br />Office Space is a 1999 American comedy film written and directed by Mike Judge. It satirizes work life in a typical 1990s software company, focusing on a handful of individuals who are fed up with their jobs. The film's sympathetic portrayal of ordinary IT workers garnered it a cult following among those in that profession, but the film also addresses themes familiar to office workers and white collar employees in general. It was filmed in Dallas and Austin, Texas.<br /><br />Office Space is based on the Milton series of cartoons created by Mike Judge. Office Space was Mike Judge's foray into live action film and his second full length motion picture release (the first being the animated Beavis and Butt-head Do America). The promotional campaign for Office Space often associated it with Beavis and Butt-head, leading audiences to expect the brand of humor of the creator's previous animated efforts rather than the relatively low-key ironic humor of the film.<br /><br />While not a box office success, the film has become a cult classic; it has since sold very well on VHS and DVD.<br /><br />Plot<br />Peter Gibbons is a disgruntled programmer working for Initech, a company plagued by excessive management. Peter spends his days \\"staring at his desk\\" instead of reprogramming bank software for the then-expected Y2K disaster. His co-workers include highly strung Samir Nagheenanajar, who is annoyed by the fact that nobody can pronounce his last name correctly; Michael Bolton, who detests having the same name as the famous singer, whom he hates; and Milton Waddams, a meek, fixated collator who constantly mumbles to himself (most notably about his workmates borrowing his favorite red Swingline stapler). All four are repeatedly bullied and harassed by management, especially Initech's callous vice president, Bill Lumbergh. The staff are further agitated by the arrival of two consultants, informally known as \\"The Bobs,\\" since they share the same first name, who are brought in to help with cutting expenses, mainly through downsizing.<br /><br />Peter is depressed, bored, and pushed around at work. He attends an occupational hypnotherapy session urged upon him by his girlfriend Anne. The obese occupational hypnotherapist, Dr. Swanson, suddenly dies of a heartattack before he can snap Peter out of a state of complete relaxation. The newly relaxed and still half-hypnotized Peter wakes up the next morning and ignores continued calls from Anne (who confesses to cheating and leaves him) and Lumbergh (who was expecting Peter to work over the weekend). Peter announces that he will simply not go to work anymore, instead pursuing his lifelong dream of \\"doing nothing,\\" and asks out Joanna, a waitress who shares Peter's loathing of idiotic management and love of the television program Kung Fu. Joanna works at Chotchkie's, a restaurant that plays on TGI Friday's interior decoration and uniform standards (Joanna's hatred for her occupation eventually culminates in an argument with her boss and her being fired after she gives him the finger).<br /><br />Peter then begins removing items at work that exemplify his unhappiness (inspirational banners, a wall of his cubicle that blocks his view, and a printer that is prone to constant errors) and takes Lumbergh's parking spot. Despite Peter's poor attendance record, laziness and insubordination at work, he is promoted by the Bobs because of the positive impression he leaves upon them with his earnestness. Meanwhile, Michael and Samir are fired, seemingly a symptom of the disposability with which the consultants view most Initech employees. To exact revenge on Initech, the three friends decide to infect the accounting system with a computer virus, designed to divert fractions of pennies into a bank account they control. A misplaced decimal point causes the virus to steal over $300,000 in the first few days, a far more conspicuous loss to Initech. After a crisis of conscience and an argument with Joanna, Peter writes a letter in which he takes all the blame for the crime, then slips an envelope containing the letter and the money (in unsigned traveler's checks) under the door of Lumbergh's office late one night.<br /><br />He fully expects to be arrested the next morning, but his problem solves itself: Milton, after getting his stapler taken away by Lumbergh, being increasingly ignored, having to move to the cockroach-infested basement, and not receiving any more paychecks, finally snaps and sets fire to the Initech office building, having warned several times throughout the film that he would do so (Milton had actually been laid off years earlier; nobody told him, and he continued to come in to work and get paid due to a system glitch). Peter finally finds a job that he likes: doing construction work with his next door neighbor, Lawrence. Samir and Michael get jobs at Intertrode, a rival company. While helping haul away the rubble from the fire, Peter finds Milton's stapler and keeps it, saying \\"I think I know someone who might want this\\".<br /><br />The last scene of the movie shows that Milton has made his way to a resort in Mexico with the money Peter left in Lumbergh's office.<br /><br />Production<br />Filmed primarily in Austin, Texas, the origins for Office Space lie in a series of four animated short films about an office drone named Milton that Mike Judge created, which first aired on Liquid Television and Night After Night with Allan Havey, and later aired on Saturday Night Live. The inspiration came from a temp job he once had that involved alphabetizing purchase orders and a job he had as an engineer for three months in the Bay Area during the 1980s, \\"just in the heart of Silicon Valley and in the middle of that overachiever yuppie thing, it was just awful\\". The setting of the film reflected a prevailing trend that Judge observed in the United States. \\"It seems like every city now has these identical office parks with identical adjoining chain restaurants\\", he said in an interview. He remembers, \\"There were a lot of people who wanted me to set this movie in Wall Street, or like the movie Brazil, but I wanted it very unglamorous, the kind of bleak work situation like I was in\\".<br /><br />Judge sold the film to 20th Century Fox based on his script and a cast that included Jennifer Aniston, Ron Livingston, and David Herman. Originally, the studio wanted to make a movie out of the Milton character but Judge was not interested, opting instead to make more of an ensemble cast-based film. The studio suggested he make a movie like Car Wash but \\"just set in an office\\". Judge made the relatively painless transition from animation to live-action with the help of the film's director of photography who taught him about lenses and where to put the camera. Judge says, \\"I had a great crew, and it's good going into it not pretending you're an expert\\". Studio executives were not happy with the footage Judge was getting. He remembers them telling him, \\"More energy! More energy! We gotta reshoot it! You're failing! You're failing!\\" In addition, Fox did not like the gangsta rap music used in the film until a focus group approved of it. Judge hated the ending and felt that a complete rewrite of the third act was necessary.<br /><br />Judge also hated the poster that the studio created for Office Space. He said, \\"People were like, 'What is this? A big bird? A mummy? A beekeeper?' And the tagline 'Work Sucks'? It looked like an Office Depot ad. I just hated it. I hated the trailers, too and the TV ads especially\\". Fox Filmed Entertainment chairman Tom Rothman conceded that the marketing campaign did not work and said, \\"Office Space isn't like American Pie. It doesn't have the kind of jokes you put in a 15-second television spot of somebody getting hit on the head with a frying pan. It's sly. And let me tell you, sly is hard to sell\\".<br /><br />[edit] Reception<br />Office Space was released on February 19, 1999 in 1,740 theatres, grossing USD $4.2 million on its opening weekend. It went on to make $10.8 million in North America, barely recouping its production costs. On the Monday after the opening weekend, Judge received a phone call from Jim Carrey's agent. The comedian loved the film and wanted to meet him. Chris Rock called two weeks later.<br /><br />The film received mixed to positive reviews with a 79% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 68 metascore on Metacritic. In his review in the New York Times, Stephen Holden wrote, \\"It has the loose-jointed feel of a bunch of sketches packed together into a narrative that doesn't gather much momentum\\". Roger Ebert gave the film three out of four stars and wrote that Judge, \\"treats his characters a little like cartoon creatures. That works. Nuances of behavior are not necessary, because in the cubicle world every personality trait is magnified, and the captives stagger forth like grotesques\\". In his review for the San Francisco Chronicle, Mick LaSalle writes, \\"Livingston is nicely cast as Peter, a young guy whose imagination and capacity for happiness are the very things making him miserable\\". In the USA Today, Susan Wloszczyna wrote, \\"If you've ever had a job, you'll be amused by this paean to peons\\".<br /><br />However, Owen Gleiberman in Entertainment Weekly gave the film a \\"C\\" rating and criticized it for feeling \\"cramped and underimagined\\". In his review for the Globe and Mail, Rick Groen wrote, \\"Perhaps his TV background makes him unaccustomed to the demands of a feature-length script (the ending seems almost panicky in its abruptness); or maybe he just succumbs to the lure of the easy yuk . . . what began as discomfiting satire soon devolves into silly farce\\".<br /><br />In 2008, Entertainment Weekly named Office Space one of the \\"The 100 best films from 1983 to 2008\\", ranking it at #73.<br /><br />[edit] Legacy<br />Office Space has become a cult classic, selling very well on home video. As of 2003, it had sold 2.6 million copies on VHS and DVD. In the same year, it was in the top 20 best-selling Fox DVDs along with There's Something About Mary. The movie is also available on Blu-ray.<br /><br />Comedy Central premiered Office Space on August 5, 2001 and 1.4 million viewers tuned in. By 2003, the channel had broadcast the film another 33 times. These broadcasts helped develop the film's cult following and Ron Livingston remembers being approached by college students and office workers. He said, \\"I get a lot of people who say, 'I quit my job because of you.' That's kind of a heavy load to carry\\". People approached Stephen Root asking him to sign their staplers. The Red Swingline stapler featured prominently in the film was not available until April 2002 when the company released it in response to repeated requests by fans of Office Space. Entertainment Weekly ranked it fifth on its list \\"25 Great Comedies From the Past 25 Years\\", despite having originally given the film a poor review. On February 8, 2009, a reunion of the cast took place at the Paramount Theatre in Austin to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the movie, which included the destruction of a fax machine on the sidewalk.<br /><br />This DVD made an EXCELLENT CHRISTMAS GIFT.  The person that received it loved this movie.  Thank you for such a wonderful item.e was not interested, opting instead to make more of an ensemble cast-based film. The studio suggested he make a movie like Car Wash but \\"just set in an office\\". Judge made the relatively painless transition from animation to live-action with the help of the film's director of photography who taught him about lenses and where to put the camera. Judge says, \\"I had a great crew, and it's good going into it not pretending you're an expert\\". Studio executives were not happy with the footage Judge was getting. He remembers them telling him, \\"More energy! More energy! We gotta reshoot it! You're failing! You're failing!\\" In addition, Fox did not like the gangsta rap music used in the film until a focus group approved of it. Judge hated the ending and felt that a complete rewrite of the third act was necessary.    Judge also hated the poster that the studio created for Office Space. He said, \\"People were like, 'What is this? A big bird? A mummy? A beekeeper?' And the tagline 'Work Sucks'? It looked like an Office Depot ad. I just hated it. I hated the trailers, too and the TV ads especially\\". Fox Filmed Entertainment chairman Tom Rothman conceded that the marketing campaign did not work and said, \\"Office Space isn't like American Pie. It doesn't have the kind of jokes you put in a 15-second television spot of somebody getting hit on the head with a frying pan. It's sly. And let me tell you, sly is hard to sell\\".    [edit] Reception  Office Space was released on February 19, 1999 in 1,740 theatres, grossing USD $4.2 million on its opening weekend. It went on to make $10.8 million in North America, barely recouping its production costs. On the Monday after the opening weekend, Judge received a phone call from Jim Carrey's agent. The comedian loved the film and wanted to meet him. Chris Rock called two weeks later.    The film received mixed to positive reviews with a 79% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and 68 metascore on Metacritic. In his review in the New York Times, Stephen Holden wrote, \\"It has the loose-jointed feel of a bunch of sketches packed together into a narrative that doesn't gather much momentum\\". Roger Ebert gave the film three out of four stars and wrote that Judge, \\"treats his characters a little like cartoon creatures. That works. Nuances of behavior are not necessary, because in the cubicle world every personality trait is magnified, and the captives stagger forth like grotesques\\". In his review for the San Francisco Chronicle, Mick LaSalle writes, \\"Livingston is nicely cast as Peter, a young guy whose imagination and capacity for happiness are the very things making him miserable\\". In the USA Today, Susan Wloszczyna wrote, \\"If you've ever had a job, you'll be amused by this paean to peons\\".    However, Owen Gleiberman in Entertainment Weekly gave the film a \\"C\\" rating and criticized it for feeling \\"cramped and underimagined\\". In his review for the Globe and Mail, Rick Groen wrote, \\"Perhaps his TV background makes him unaccustomed to the demands of a feature-length script (the ending seems almost panicky in its abruptness); or maybe he just succumbs to the lure of the easy yuk . . . what began as discomfiting satire soon devolves into silly farce\\".    In 2008, Entertainment Weekly named Office Space one of the \\"The 100 best films from 1983 to 2008\\", ranking it at #73.    [edit] Legacy  Office Space has become a cult classic, selling very well on home video. As of 2003, it had sold 2.6 million copies on VHS and DVD. In the same year, it was in the top 20 best-selling Fox DVDs along with There's Something About Mary. The movie is also available on Blu-ray.    Comedy Central premiered Office Space on August 5, 2001 and 1.4 million viewers tuned in. By 2003, the channel had broadcast the film another 33 times. These broadcasts helped develop the film's cult following and Ron Livingston remembers being approached by college students and office workers. He said, \\"I get a lot of people who say, 'I quit my job because of you.' That's kind of a heavy load to carry\\". People approached Stephen Root asking him to sign their staplers. The Red Swingline stapler featured prominently in the film was not available until April 2002 when the company released it in response to repeated requests by fans of Office Space. Entertainment Weekly ranked it fifth on its list \\"25 Great Comedies From the Past 25 Years\\", despite having originally given the film a poor review. On February 8, 2009, a reunion of the cast took place at the Paramount Theatre in Austin to celebrate the 10-year anniversary of the movie, which included the destruction of a fax machine on the sidewalk.        This DVD made an EXCELLENT CHRISTMAS GIFT.  The person that received it loved this movie.  Thank you for such a wonderful item.
142313494X|4.0|The first in a series titled, \\"Percy Jackson and the Olympians,\\" \\"The Lightning Thief\\" is about a 12 year old misfit (he's been diagnosed with dyslexia and ADD, and gets kicked out of every school his mother enrolls him in) who discovers that he is a demigod--Poseidon's son.  Riordan has revisioned the Greek mythos and incorporated it nicely into our modern Western world.  His hero, who narrates the story, is believable and likeable.  His pacing is fast and furious--but definitely at the expense of any sort of depth to the story.  Also, his depictions of the gods, though imaginative, are overly simplistic for my liking.  Of course, I am not the target audience, but a grown woman who simply enjoys a good ya fantasy novel every now and then.  I will probably finish reading this series since I have started it, and I will hold on to the books for my son and daughter to read when they are a little older.
B0032JTV38|1.0|I enjoy a good toga drama along the lines of [[ASIN:B00009ZYBY Gladiator (Widescreen Edition)]], the HBO Series [[ASIN:B0028RXXE8 Rome: The Complete Series]] or the original [[ASIN:0783226039 Spartacus]] film starring Kirk Douglas.  When I heard about Starz production of \\"Spartacus: Blood and Sand\\", I will admit to a little excitement--after all it is not every day that I get to see handsome buff men running around in next to no clothing.  Sadly, \\"Spartacus: Blood & Sand\\" does not deliver the intellectual buzz along with the soft porn for which many Premier cable channel series have incorporated as trademark.<br /><br />&lt;Update: April 23, 2010  With regard to the above comment--the first episode of this serial drama was pretty copycat [[ASIN:B000QXDED6 300 (Widescreen Edition)]]--and not in a good way--the sex seemed soft-porny and not entirely necessary as some of the gruesome battle scenes with slow motion graphic comic style blood splatters that actually drip down the lens of the cameras as they film.  As the series unfolds and the different threads woven throughout the storyline revealed, there are indeed still many scenes depicting the sexual liberalness of the Roman family nucleus which includes the complete disregard for the mental/ethical well-being of their slaves that were used to the hilt for these themed activities and the splatter-day events featured in the arenas that were as popular and everyday as our NFL weekends. However, as cartoony and graphic-novel-y as these scenes may be they are better integrated into the plot--or perhaps it is just that I have become immune to the gore and not as overwhelmed by the random sex.><br /><br />The story line offers nothing new:  A politically-minded Roman literally throws his newly allied Thracian villagers to the barbarian wolves.  When Spartacus & Co. realize that the Roman has no intention of protecting their homes, they desert, hurrying back to their villages to head off the hoard of painted tribesmen intent on burnt offerings. Of course, the crafty Roman doubles back and collects the wayward Thracians and then parades them in chains to Capua, the home of his distinguished father-in-law.  Games in the arena are to be provided for the lulling of the masses and the captured Thracians are to be pitted against some of the Empire's most seasoned champions.  In an unintentional parody of the \\"Are You Not Entertained?\\" sequence in Ridley Scott's 'Gladiator,' Spartacus slaughters the group of professionals with some deft moves pumped up with unbelievable and unwarranted gore that nearly splashes in the viewer's eyes.  And a legend is born . . .<br /><br />You would think that all that blood, hints of political intrigue and action would have the audience sitting on the edge of its seats.  However, instead of tantalizing its viewers, Spartacus: Blood & Sand petrifies them into yawning pillars of sand and not due to looking back at the more than abundant supply of sumptuous body parts including full frontals bent in sexual contortions right out of an illustrated guide of the Karma Sutra. Less is more definitely applies here especially with regard to lascivious language that seems to be the order of the day between husbands and wives, battle comrades and dueling politicians.<br /><br />Yuck!  The one hour that I watched had me grimacing as buckets of blood slashed and splattered out of slit chests, backs and necks.  Most gruesome was the gladiator slithering away on his stomach after his legs had been hacked off his body.  UGH!  Compliment all this gore with love scenes that could be shown at a bachelor party and you have a full spectrum of the yin and the yang that completely contradicts the idea of balance and good taste on any level.<br /><br />Bottom line?  I simply was not entertained by Spartacus: Blood and Sand.  I don't recommend it.<br /><br />&lt;Update April 23, 2010--Okay, as this series unfolds, there is much more to say positively about it.  The characters are welldrawn out despite the sex--which when seen from the perspective of a gladiator in his cell makes sense--and the blood which looks almost comedic in a graphic comic NR for Mature Audiences type of way.  The plot is an interesting take on the film of the same name as this first series depicts only Spartacus's time as a slave of the ludus meaning there is much more to come, more corrupt characters to meet and more intrigue to wade through as some of the wastrels of the first season actually made it through the blood and gore of the last ten minutes of the finale. Ladies, these gladiators are hot--Guys, the slave girls provide an equal amount of eye candy--something for everyone.  I wouldn't recognize anyone in modern dress as there would definitely be too many clothes on one and all. I change my star rating to a 4--minus one star for the slow-motion splatter fest. Recommended for mature audiences who understand that this series is not intended for children, depicts a morally corrupt society that will do anything and all for their own advancement.  Has anything really changed in 2000 years?  Check out the comments for some fun as this series played out and some disputes ensued.><br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"om the perspective of a gladiator in his cell makes sense--and the blood which looks almost comedic in a graphic comic NR for Mature Audiences type of way.  The plot is an interesting take on the film of the same name as this first series depicts only Spartacus's time as a slave of the ludus meaning there is much more to come, more corrupt characters to meet and more intrigue to wade through as some of the wastrels of the first season actually made it through the blood and gore of the last ten minutes of the finale. Ladies, these gladiators are hot--Guys, the slave girls provide an equal amount of eye candy--something for everyone.  I wouldn't recognize anyone in modern dress as there would definitely be too many clothes on one and all. I change my star rating to a 4--minus one star for the slow-motion splatter fest. Recommended for mature audiences who understand that this series is not intended for children, depicts a morally corrupt society that will do anything and all for their own advancement.  Has anything really changed in 2000 years?  Check out the comments for some fun as this series played out and some disputes ensued.>   Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
0140120416|4.0|I have been studying Russian on and off for a few years (including taking classes in college) but now have finally decided to be more serious about it (read: my Russian husband and in-laws are kicking me in the butt). Out of all Russian books I own I think this one is a real gem. Mainly because it introduces aspects of grammar and forms slowly, clearly, and with useful examples. Russian like Latin, which I studied for six years in school, is heavy on verb and noun endings, so at least for me this slow approach works quite well because I can absorb this information in manageable 'parcels' before moving on to the next chapter. My husband also looked through the book and says the examples reflect actual speech and are not 'weird' in any way. The only thing I would wish for this book is that there would be more exercises to practice and secondly an audio-CD to help with pronunciation. I have the advantage of having a native speaker at home but if you don't have somebody who helps you with pronunciation (which can be a bit tricky at first) this might be difficult to pull of. You will be understood with the instructions of pronunciation given in this book but having a CD that helps you practice pronunciation would clearly be a plus.
B002VRZEYM|3.0|Couldn't watch the whole movie because it was too boring. They just made the same point over and over and over.....
0446569895|5.0|I loved the book. I was sorry when I reached the last page. I didn't want it to be over. I'm pretty picky when it comes to reading autobiographies. I couldn't put it down. Started reading on a Friday and read through to Sunday. Very entertaining. This book makes you want to have Ozzy over for a cuppa (is that how the Brits say it?). Well done!
0316069906|4.0|The industrialization of factory farming is so far removed from what we think of when we imagine raising pigs, chickens, cows or fish. It is geared to maximize production of cheap protein for a vast population of consumers. The implications include things far beyond anything we could guess, including the creation of a perfect breeding environment for the next pandemic like the Spanish Flu of 1918 that killed more than 50 million people in two years. It has huge implications for the sustainability of the ecosystem. It is also unimaginably cruel such that, were most people made aware of the freakish animals that are mass produced, they would swear off meat. The type of pain and suffering inflicted upon them are exempted from humane treatment laws, closing a blind eye to cruelty on a mass and pervasive level. The economics of such factory farms has rendered unsustainable family farms and ways of life that were prevalent right up until the recent 30 years.<br /><br />I have no real problem eating animals for food, although my wife disagrees. If you can connect with a local farmer who raises animals in a humane manner that allows them to be proper animals prior to slaughter in a humane manner, I congratulate you. You will find the price of the meat much higher because these farms cannot compete, pound for pound with the factory farms. You will readily see the delta in prices and understand the premium we place on convenience of cheap meat, paid for with all the incumbent risks amply articulated by the author, Mr. Foer.
0375805613|5.0|This was one of my favorite books as a child, now it is a favorite of my children.  Interactive, fun, and entertaining.
B002I9Z8CG|4.0|Great movie, fun for everyone even for non Star Trek fans. Also this Blu-ray edition comes with a lot of extras that makes it even better.
B002WY65VU|4.0|Synopsis:  The story is set in current-day America, post-zombie apocalypse.  College student Columbus (Jesse Eisenberg) is a neurotic and unlikely survivor (thanks to his sets of rules to survive in a zombie apocolypse) who is trying to get to Columbus, OH to see if anyone in his family has survived.  He loses his vehicle in an accident when he encounters Tallahassee (Woody Harrelson), a combat-loving survivalist who just wants to have a G-D Twinkie!  The two of them are traveling together when they encounter Wichita (Emma Stone) and Little Rock (Abigail Breslin); two sisters who con the men out of their weapons and cars so that Wichita can give Little Rock some resemblace of a childhood in a zombie apocalypse.  Their respective paths keep crossing as they migrate a zombie apocalypse and though they distrust each other, they start bonding because of the circumstances while Columbus starts falling in love with Wichita.  Will the quartet survive the new Zombieland?  Will Columbus get the girl in the end?  And for cryin' out loud will Tallahassee get his G-D Twinkie?!?!  Bill Murray guest stars as himself!<br /><br />There's one word that sums up this movie:  Charming.  I remember seeing the previews and thinking \\"You know what?  That film's so over the top, so ridiculous that it's probably the a good film.\\"  I don't know what it was (the smaller cast, the quality of the cast, the cinematography, the story itself, or a combination of all of the above) but the movie felt homemade with characters that were easy to root for and bond with.  Don't let the content fool you, just because it's got zombies in it doesn't mean it's trying to gore you to death.  Far from it, there was a lot of genuinely good humor throughout and for that, I give it a high mark.<br /><br />I recommend this movie to everyone.  Parents may want to screen it to see if the action scenes or certain humor may be inappropriate for their younger ones, but teens and adults will get a kick out of the film for its fast-paced action and dialogue.  I hope they make a sequel!
B002UJIY70|1.0|I really can't review this movie due to I never received it and did not receive any follow thru regarding this issue
0307387178|5.0|\\"In April 1992, a young man from a well-to-do family hitchhiked to Alaska and walked alone into the wilderness north of Mt. McKinley. His name was Christopher Johnson McCandless...Four months later, his decomposed body was found by a moose hunter.\\"    Although the author, Jon Krakauer, starts off the story with the protagonist, Chris McCandless, who has taken an adventure into Alaska and never returns, Into the Wild is a compelling story that can be read and enjoyed by all ages. Krakauer tries to give the readers the conclusion and makes them understand how it happened. It allows the readers to figure out and understand the actions that lead up to the finding of McCandless's body in an abandoned bus in the wilderness. Krakauer really wants the reader to be able to recount on McCandless' journeys and understand his reasoning behind all of them. As this is a true story, Krakauer was able to accurately recount the adventures of Chris through talking and hearing of stories by other people who met him along the way.      The title, Into the Wild, is extremely fitting for this book, as he just seemingly vanishes into the wild without a trace. He leaves behind his previous life, burns his cash, loses his car, and takes no maps or anything for himself into the wilderness. McCandless is ready to endure nature and whatever it throws at him. He wants to be able to rely on his surroundings and be able to survive on nature, rather to rely on material objects for him to be able to survive.      Along with the narrative, Into Thin Air, about an expedition to Everest, Krakauer has a large amount of experience in writing about the dangerous side of the wilderness, a skill that is prominently portrayed in this book. Krakauer has a large amount of experience in the wilderness that is similar to McCandless, and he recounts pieces of his own experiences throughout the Into the Wild.  I strongly recommend this book to anyone who loves to read about adventures in the wilderness and a story of a boy who wanted to turn his life in a completely different direction. Although, Krakauer had already told me the ending, and there would be no surprise for me at the end, like many books. Every page I found there was a surprise for me. This book caught my attention from the beginning and held my attention until the end, turning every page into an adventure for me. From my personal opinion, I usually never liked finding out the conclusion in the beginning of the book. But in this example, Krakauer tries to give the conclusion in the beginning to give the reader a feeling of confusion, making the reader want to figure out what happened to this young kid. It gave me a motivation to find out the events that led up to his death in an abandoned bus in the wilderness, and causing me to read the book in about two sessions.      As a fifteen-year-old, I can completely relate to the feeling of wanting to be out in the wilderness surviving on your instincts. After all, every kid wishes they could be a free soul and be able to wonder off into the distance.
B002BWP4A6|5.0|Michael Haneke's \\"The White Ribbon\\" could be considered a mystery in that things happen for no apparent reason. The Doctor (Rainer Bock) breaks his arm after falling off his horse, which tripped over a wire strung between two trees. Not long after, someone abducts the eldest son of the Baron (Ulrich Tukur); he isn't found until the next morning, at which point it's discovered that he had been bound and beaten with a cane. A barn owned by the Pastor (Burghart Klaußner) is burned to the ground. The mentally challenged son of the Midwife (Susanne Lothar) is viciously attacked and almost blinded. Why is all of this happening? Are they acts of revenge? Are they punishments for the sin of weakness? Are they the beginnings of war, intolerance, and terrorism? Your guess is as good as mine. This movie isn't about solutions.    What is it about, then? The story takes place in the days before World War I, when authority was not questioned and life was lived according to much simpler routines. The setting is a German farming community, which has maintained stability by not upsetting the \\"natural order\\"; it was expected that the Baron would own the land, the men would have control over their women and children, and the peasants would not have the same rights as their superiors. The Pastor, for example, raises his children not to love God so much as fear Him, and he continuously instills the idea that they must feel guilty for everything that they do. So as to remind them of the path of righteousness from which they have strayed, he ties a white ribbon onto their arms - a symbol of purity.    But in spite of outward appearances, purity is not something to be found behind closed doors. The Doctor, so kind and caring with his patients, grossly mistreats the Midwife and sexually abuses his daughter on a regular basis. The Baron is a demanding man who does what he wishes with no regard for anyone else, including his own workers. But was he, in fact, responsible for the death of a local woman? Or was it an accident? The woman's husband, while grieving, knows that he can't prove it either way. The woman's son, on the other hand, is convinced of the Baron's guilt. This leads to an act of retribution that generates even more hostility amongst the villagers. By then, memories of the previous incidents rise to the surface. Suspicion spreads. Distrust builds. People suffer.    All this is told from the point of view of the Schoolteacher, who narrates as an old man (Ernst Jacobi) and is seen as a young man (Christian Friedel). Even though he courts a shy young woman named Eva (Leonie Benesch), he's not a participant so much as an observer, and he begins the film with a direct statement: \\"I don't know if the story I want to tell you is entirely true. Some of it I only know by hearsay. After so many years, a lot of it is still obscure and many questions remain unanswered.\\" Indeed, the film plays not as an intimate portrait but as an examination of the facts - cold, hard, and, to the best of its ability, honest. We see into the lives of the villagers, and yet we're emotionally and physically kept at a distance, which probably accounts for the film's beautiful yet haunting black and white photography. It would also account for specific shots that, in the hands of a different director, would reveal everything in graphic detail.    Consider the scene in which the Pastor lashes his children as punishment for lying and disobedience; rather than actually show the act and its emotional aftermath, Haneke films the entire scene from outside the room with the door closed, and he ends it before the act is finished. Also consider a long shot of a coffin being wheeled out of the village on its way to the cemetery; the camera observes it from a far away location, never once cutting to the faces of the mourners flocking behind the carriage. This is not the kind of film that gives closure. It doesn't even pretend that such a thing exists.    The real genius of this film, however, is that the intricate subtexts are in service of a relatively simple story. We may not have all the answers, but at the same time, the goal is not to be confusing; the goal is to present the facts as accurately as possible, at which point we come to our own conclusions. If there are any to come to. Maybe we're being told that, when a repressive way of life is preferred for the sake of maintaining the status quo, a different and more evil form of repression will eventually surface. It could be a totalitarian government. It could be religious extremism. It could even be genocide. Who knows? Anything is possible. \\"The White Ribbon\\" is a superb film - carefully paced and cleverly structured, mysterious but not gimmicky, subtle but not lacking substance.
B002QF31HQ|1.0|I don't know went wrong with this 180 gram pressing.Harsh and noisy just like (close to the edge) 180 gram pressing.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book was absolutely wonderful! I reccomend this for anyone who loves a heartstopping,suspesful,entertaining,and romantic story.
B00009AQMJ|5.0|Back in the late 1970s I bought these Rachmaninov Concerto recordings on the Quintessence record label. They were my first acquaintance with these pieces and with Wild and Horenstein. And since then, they have always been my favorite. Very romantic interpretations and a natural acoustic that makes them seem especially live. They are treasures.  For more information on Wild, there is an official website, [...].     Wild passed away last Saturday at age 94.
0143038583|5.0|I worried when I got this book that it would be a typical, New York Times, liberal manifesto.  To a degree, it is that.  But it goes beyond that.  Pollan takes a hard look at our food supply, how we grow it, how we get it to the consumer.  It's utterly persuasive.  One can't read this book and finish anything but deeply troubled.<br /><br />It's good to know there are others out there who don't object so much to killing animals for food (I don't) but who are rightfully sickened by how they are raised and treated before slaughter.  This book really spoke to me, not because I'm a closet vegan looking to condemn meat eaters everywhere (I'm not).  Indeed, that hardly seems Pollan's goal.  Rather, he points out that one can eat animals but raise them responsibly, kill animals but treat them with dignity.<br /><br />Ultimately, his point is that the $1 cheeseburger at McDonalds is not really $1.  The hidden costs affect the taxpayer much more than the ridiculous prices would otherwise suggest.<br /><br />I'm no hippie, left-wing New Yorker looking to tear up corporate America.  I love corporate America.  But as a taxpayer, I finished this book truly angry at how our government subsidizes obesity, encourages cancer, and ignores cruelty.  As a human being, I finished this book deeply troubled at how millions of animals live their entire lives in abject misery for months so that I can get a Big Mac cheap.<br /><br />As far as I'm concerned, this book should be mandatory reading - I can only hope it heralds an awakening.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|Penelope is a great movie!  I think that it is a must see for any girl in this day and age.  The central message of the story is to be happy with yourself and love yourself. Many thanks to Reese Witherspoon and Christina Ricci for trying to instill this idea and message for girls of all ages.  Of course it does not hurt that James Mcavoy is one of the pricipal characters. Highly recommended.
B00004RJ71|5.0|This a Great movie, telling about life growing up and around and a Hispanic gang. Vatos Locos Por vida.
B0000QX0XS|4.0|A bunch of rockers on this one, cover songs included. Love \\"Only After Dark\\", and \\"Action\\", and \\"She's Too Tough\\".   A Missing piece of the puzzle and something for fans like me who were not impressed so much with their work after \\"Hysteria\\" and forgettable album like \\"X\\". Like alot of hard rock bands of this era, their early stuff was the most rocking and raw it seems and anything after 1990 for the most part seemed tame and lackluster.    Only complaint about this comp is I wish they would have left off the acoustic \\"Two Steps\\", and the song \\"Miss You In A Heartbeat\\" and just put on the original version of \\"Tear It Down\\".  Otherwise, it makes up for all the 90's albums and perhaps X although they would have to make a whole new CD of original material similar to this to make up for X to me.  This is a great Cd here though that can be enjoyed along with their 80's stuff, and I guess you can pretend it came out right after Hysteria for a warmup to the next great original material Def Leppard CD...which as it turns out we are still waiting for.
0439882826|5.0|My 5 year old grandson loves Star Wars. I bought the book for him and he just loved the pictures. I am hoping it will encourage him to learn to read it alone.
0156027321|4.0|Life of Pi by Yann Martel was completley worthy of its praise and winning the man booker award in 2002.  Although i gave it 4 stars, not 5, i still believe that this novel is a great piece of fiction.  What some may think by reading a book summary or only reding snippets online is that Life of Pi is a complete downer of a story and will make you want to jump off a cliff.  That is not all incorrect.  But what you don't get from those selected pieces of the story is the overall awe.  This young indian boy becomes more of a man than any man could ever become.  He deals with not only the fact that he's stranded with a 450 pound bengel tiger, but the loss of hope eating away at him.  Still he hangs on until the end.  Throughout the novel Richard Parker and Picelebrate small successes, though large to them.  These bursts of joy are what keeps this book ticking and not sinking to the bottom of the Pacific.
0812550706|1.0|This was like taking that one bad Harry Potter book and making it 100 times worse. Nothing but sadness, grief, depression, anguish and killing. Sounds like a kid's book? I personally think not.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|Many people disagree with me about this, but I'm sticking to my guns because of the level of enjoyment I received from these films. The disagreement is that [[ASIN:B001EOQWF8 Wall-E]] was some sort of exceptional film and [[ASIN:B0007A2GSW The Incredibles]] was only so-so. I had the exact opposite experience. I found Wall-E to be so-so and The Incredibles to be a wonderful film because of the human element attached to it. Also, both The Incredibles and this film, UP, had a PG rating and not a G, which might mean that deeper, perhaps disturbing things, made this film carry more emotional weight. And it most certainly does.<br /><br />Edward Asner plays Carl Fredricksen, a man who's loved and lost. Yes, we ACTUALLY get to see an old person pass away at the end of their life ...in an animated feature. Imagine that. Reality. This gives Up more bite and we empathize with Carl on a very basic human level. Whereas with Wall-E, we're trying to gain empathy for a machine that's acting like a human. Not the same thing.<br /><br />Into Carl's lonely life comes wannabe boy scout Russell (Jordan Nagai), who's trying to earn a merit badge. But Carl wants none of his help, nor does he want to help Russell gain the badge.<br /><br />Amidst Carl's life is his understanding that his now dead wife Ellie never got to have any adventures. She married Carl and bought a home, which took over their lives and made them home-bodies. They both grew up worshipping adventurer Charles Muntz and wanting to go and find out what happened to him. But Ellie never made it. So, when Carl's house is being threatened by developers and his life steered toward Shady Oaks retirement facility, Carl attaches a mass of helium balloons to his house and floats away. Trouble is, that pesky boy scout is on-board, too.<br /><br />Eventually they make their way to South America and discover dangers, foes, friends, and, yes, adventure. Talking dogs with an obsession for squirrels add a high amount of hilarity to several scenes, as does a unique bird that befriends Russell and loves chocolate.<br /><br />More telling is the friendship that blossoms between Russell and Carl as the generation gap closes, and Carl learns to open his heart (and mind) to new experiences. Also learning to let go of Ellie's memory adds an incredibly deep plot-line to an amazing story.<br /><br />The animation, like most 3-D style animations, is impressive. The colors, shadows, and depth made the scenes come alive. But it's the story that makes it all worthwhile. Just like The Incredibles, this is a tale about human beings doing unique things but with regular challenges and mental hurdles. It is this that drives me to see complex animated films, not a robot .bird that befriends Russell and loves chocolate.     More telling is the friendship that blossoms between Russell and Carl as the generation gap closes, and Carl learns to open his heart (and mind) to new experiences. Also learning to let go of Ellie's memory adds an incredibly deep plot-line to an amazing story.    The animation, like most 3-D style animations, is impressive. The colors, shadows, and depth made the scenes come alive. But it's the story that makes it all worthwhile. Just like The Incredibles, this is a tale about human beings doing unique things but with regular challenges and mental hurdles. It is this that drives me to see complex animated films, not a robot .
0385341008|5.0|What a wonderful book! It made me start writing letters again. And I so want to go there and meet those characters! A total joy to sink into this book. I don't normally like to re-read books, but I will go back and visit these characters again and again.
B002K0WBYG|3.0|Although entertaining to a point, there are too many similarities to other comedies to make THE PROPOSAL anything but ordinary.<br /><br />Most notably I found the plot to be very similar to another, older Sandra Bullock movie, [[ASIN:6304765266 While You Were Sleeping]]. But this time we have an accomplice in the deceit and he's not in a coma. Seriously. Think about it...<br /><br />A woman who is in need of something (in this case a need NOT to be deported) comes up with a plan to achieve that goal (whether by accident - [[ASIN:6304765266 While You Were Sleeping]] - or not - The Proposal). Girl falls for the wrong guy. Guy falls for wrong girl. Family gets fooled. Girl confesses and thinks she's lost everything. Guy chases down girl with the approval of the family. Everyone lives happily ever after. Ta-da!<br /><br />The entertainment value in the film comes from the first half of the movie in which we have plenty of comedic zingers flying about, including quite a few from Grandma Annie (Betty White) while trying to dress Margaret (Sandra Bullock, [[ASIN:B000HLDFK4 The Lake House]]) in a wedding dress and losing - then finding - her breasts.<br /><br />The cast is good in their respective roles, including main love interest Ryan Reynolds ([[ASIN:B002VEJKQI Smokin' Aces]]) playing Andrew Paxton, a sort of rich boy playing poor boy in order to tick-off his father, Joe, played by Craig T. Nelson ([[ASIN:B000EMGJ72 The Family Stone]]). Nelson just seems to be going through the motions during the entire film and never really gains any traction. As does Mary Steenburgen ([[ASIN:B000MTFFO0 The Dead Girl]]) who plays Reynold's mother.<br /><br />The other problem with the casting is that we just don't get that romantic air between Bullock and Reynolds' characters. She is obviously much older than him (can you say \\"cougar?\\"), which isn't always a problem but, again, there just didn't seem much attraction going on. They fight, argue and never really resolve anything before miraculously falling in love ...because of one kiss?<br /><br />Let's get real...<br /><br />Even with these flaws, the comedic timing is excellent and the visual backdrops of Boston and the (supposed) Alaskan countryside can take one's breath away. Also, the Paxton family house is stunning to see.<br /><br />Looking for something original? Not here. Want a fantastic romance story? Not here either. Looking for something entertaining, funny, and visual appealing? Give this one a try.use of one kiss?    Let's get real...    Even with these flaws, the comedic timing is excellent and the visual backdrops of Boston and the (supposed) Alaskan countryside can take one's breath away. Also, the Paxton family house is stunning to see.     Looking for something original? Not here. Want a fantastic romance story? Not here either. Looking for something entertaining, funny, and visual appealing? Give this one a try.
0618871713|5.0|This was very good. It's a graphic novel that weaves several stories together. One of the main two stories is about Bechdel's father who was a very interesting man -- accomplished renovator and decorator of old houses, director of the family-run funeral home, teacher, lover of younger men. Yet, he presented himself to the world as straight straight straight. The second thread is about Bechdel growing up and how she felt around her father ... and coming out as a lesbian. How the stories loop in and out--expertly done.     Highly recommended.
B0026P3G12|3.0|I loved the video on YouTube. This recording has fancy accompaniment, but somehow misses the soul of Susan. Her voice is capable as any, but her heart is huge - I wanted to hear more heart. To me it felt like the producers of the CD were giving the orders. How about a CD recorded in front of a live audience??? Go for it Susan!
0330449605|5.0|I loved this book. I am a big fan of the classic story The Secret Garden, and this story in a way is similar. The characters in this story are so vivid. Some are so evil, others are so sympathetic. You really care for the main character and hope the best for them. This is a long book, but a good one at that. I did not want the book to end...
B001HPP2XW|1.0|Firstly, I must say I am a fan of Audrey Hepburn but I did not buy her turn as Holly Golightly, for even one second of screen time. Audrey Hepburn, was a waifish beauty and all I could think was would men really be going this crazy for her, as they did in the movie.<br />Elegant and pretty? Yes, but this is NOT what the character needed to be. The character was supposed to be kittenish sexy, a true idea of a man's view of a goddess even. Audrey, although beautiful does not fit this bill at all. Her character comes off less as vulnerable and more as just bratty, self involved, emotionally stunted individual. It is no wonder Truman Capote HATED the casting of this movie.<br />I found the whole New York scene, the conversations, and morality to be beyond shallow.<br />I live in New York in 2010 and have been involved in theatrical circles, and have never once encountered people like this. If I had I would have left the party 2 minutes into it. I don't believe the 1960's could have been THAT superficial.<br />My suggestion is to read Truman Capote's words and do not waste your time on the movie. This would be one movie worth remaking.
B000002IJO|5.0|1986's Dancing Undercover is highly under-rated and features much of the same great Ratt formula but with more of an edge and so this is my favorite album from Ratt, all the songs flow seamlessly and no fillers.    Not much to review, just buy and enjoy! =)
B000AJIF4E|5.0|This product is incredible. I am really glad I have it, but the sad part is: The amazon site has noticed me about some taxes of exporting, but when the product arrived to Brazil I paid a expensive tax that I was't expecting for. The product became very expensive with this unpected tax.<br /><br />But anyway, I am very satisfied with the headphone, I am using it to edit short films in my IMac.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I don't tend to watch television series as they are being fed to us, week by week, with the action continuously interrupted with inane commercials for soda, fast food, cars and trucks, cell phone plans, and erectile disfunction drugs.<br /><br />So I had never watched a single episode of West Wing.  Not one.<br /><br />I got this complete collection following the termination of the series.  And its role was to entertain us for the 42 minutes (a commercial-free \\"hour\\") we were on the treadmill running or walking.<br /><br />West Wing was truly responsible for hundreds of miles on that machine!<br /><br />This was a great series.  I truly appreciated the acting and actors, the writing and directing, and the plot.  The characters became alive over the seasons, and the magic of the show was that you empathized with these fictional characters (or the opposite... you were apathetic or antipathetic).<br /><br />But there were two aspects of this particular collection that hit a home run for me.  First, the detailed depiction of how government jockeying, negotiation, and law and policy making works.  Some of this is not pretty, and the current (2010) politics of health care reform (for example, the efforts of the senator from Nebraska to put up resistance and demand extra benefits for his state) made me continually reflect on this show.<br /><br />The second is... the lack of commercials.  I believe the intensity of many, many scenes would be negatively affected by the pause associated with yet another car or fast food commercial.<br /><br />So this collection of seasons is great entertainment, educational, and a super motivator to put the miles on the treadmill.  The only negative thing is... once more than one person per household gets started, there is intense competition for treadmill time!
0380715430|3.0|First things first; if you're interested in reading this book, you need to know two things:    1) Bryson has a strong interest in the English language, but he is not a linguist. This is a book written by a layman for a general audience, not a linguistics paper.     2) As with all of Bryson's books, his primary motivation is telling a fun and interesting story. Strict historical accuracy is sometimes overlooked or distorted in the name of entertainment.     So how you view 'Mother Tongue' depends on how willing you are to accept the above two points. If you're after a genuine textbook history of English, then forget it. But if you want a very general overview of the language, its history, and its development (and are willing to accept some inaccuracies and exaggerations), 'Mother Tongue' is a good read.     The book is quite comprehensive. It traces English from its origins as a series of obscure Germanic dialects, through to its status as semi-official world language today. There are sections on the characteristics of regional varieties of English (most notably American English), spelling and pronunciation, and the development of dictionaries. More light-hearted sections revolve around Bad English, evolution of names, wordplay, even the etymology of swear words. One interesting point that Bryson repeatedly makes is how natural the development of English has been, compared to more regulated languages such as French. The argument is that the various quirks and subtleties in English have made it a much richer and more interesting language.     It is true that there are too many inaccuracies to ignore, and other reviewers more qualified than myself have made these clear below. Professional linguists will probably be outraged by the number of incorrect assertions here, although they probably wouldn't be reading a book like this anyway. Whether these are genuine mistakes or deliberate distortions is not clear. It is worth noting that Bryson sometimes uses qualifiers suchas \\"reportedly...\\", \\"supposedly...\\" or \\"it is said that...\\", perhaps indicating that he knows some of these things are not true, but still wants to push them in the name of humour.     If nothing else, Bryson is a skilled writer, and he is able to make relatively dry subjects (history, geography, etymology) highly entertaining. I previously had zero interest in linguistics, but this book really sucked me in. No it's not perfect, but it does at least provide a solid introduction to the subject for the interested layperson.
B0025VLEM0|5.0|This movie just comes to show how great British Comedy is.  Sean Pegg and Nick Frost are an amazing duo, that will have you laughing from beginning to end.  Two thumbs way up!!
B002HWRYJE|5.0|The movie is riveting and holds strong all the elements of the original Star Trek series and movies.  It begins with an attack of an amazing outside-the-box Romulan Ship with a tattooed seethingly evil Captain Nero (Eric Bana).<br /><br />After the attack, one of the survivors, the infant James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) is shown as a wild risk taker growing up in Iowa.  He rides wild clunker cars and has no fear.  Captain Christopher Pike (Bruce Greenwood) meets Kirk as an adult and recommends that he join the Starfleet.  This gives him the opportunity to meet Spock (Zachary Quinto) and all the familiar faces in the Star Trek fictional universe.<br /><br />The cast is top notch and their acting shows they have studied the history of the series.  Character essence flows well and gives great satisfaction - like comfort food for the soul.<br /><br />The action and story are fabulous - nothing too long or drawn out - just enough.  The movie is top notch.
B001EYU1VO|2.0|I received this joystick right on time faster than i expected.     The good:    The throttle works well with working both at once or separately.     The buttons work well and are easy to program and mostly in good places    The bad:    It is extremely light , so light in fact i have a hard time keeping it firm on the desk.    The controls are often to sensitive     overall 1 and a half out of 2. i plan to return this joysticks in hopes of another better one
B002W6Z0UK|3.0|I was disappointed in the length of this album - why bother with only 8 songs?  Back in the lp day, there were usually 10 songs on an album.  Today there are usually 12 to 14 songs on a disc so 8 seems like a waste of time and product even at this good price.  I enjoyed Gaga's 1st album and after hearing \\"Bad Romance\\" on the radio, thought I would give this disc a try too.  The only 2 songs worth an \\"A\\" rating are Bad Romance and Alejandro.  Although Alejandro seemed like an Abba/Ace of Base song, I liked it.  The rest of the songs on this disc I would give a C, D or F.  I just couldn't get into them and I listened to the disc 4 times before deciding on anything.  Maybe the record label should have waited until Gaga was ready with a full plate before offering this up to us. Overall grade: C.  Don't bother to buy this disc - just purchase \\"Bad Romance\\" as an mp3.
B002M0HHC0|3.0|If you are a newbie to social media, then I think this is a well written book with great examples of the ways in which the social web is already transforming our lives along with ideas about how it will continue to evolve. However, if you're a marketing professional that stays on top of what's happening today with social media with blogs/news/enewsletters/etc., this book will probably not bring you any more information than you already know from keeping up with the trades.
B000641D2Y|5.0|An excellent Christmas movie combining the young lad Kevin Collins, NYC and 1990's family life.  I especially enjoyed the background of the Plaza Hotel and Central Park.  The side story of Kevin's friendship with the homeless pigeon-loving lady Maggie is precious and heart warming.  For those who enjoy action, there is plenty with the bungling criminals from the first Home Alone attempting to steal the charitable donations of Duncan's Toys for the St. Anne's charity - and Kevin's determination not to let them!  Overall, a wonderful movie - especially for children eight to thirteen....
B002VKE0XA|5.0|\\"Paranormal Activity\\" stands out as one of the scariest movies in the modern era of horror films. Working from the premise that there are no fresh ideas or approaches, merely new combinations of old ideas and approaches, PA combines the principal elements of such supernatural horrors as \\"Poltergeist\\" and \\"The Ring\\" with the faux documentary approach of the awful \\"Blair Witch Project\\". The story about a young woman repeatedly plagued by an unseen force might have been mundane if shot as a straight-forward horror story, but the eye of the camera, which serves essentially as a third character throughout, brings a verisimilitude to the proceedings that most genre offerings sorely lack. We hardly notice as the wide angle lens capturing the young couple asleep (our most vulnerable state) slowly becomes the eye of the demon itself.     Nonetheless, it is the fundamental strength of craft here that makes the film work. Note the sound design and how the filmmakers utilize basic elements like drones and room tone to create a palate of dread - or the shot composition. The director adroitly stages the shot of the bedroom and opened door, expertly placing the door, hallway and staircase (each location being one that we might anticipate movement of some sort) on the upper left, creating maximum tension and drawing our interest. Putting the clock on the lower right makes it difficult to determine where our line of site should focus.    The film is not without its flaws. The blasé attitude of the boyfriend is completely unrealistic, as is the notion that the \\"paranormal activity\\", most notably the Ouija board scene, wouldn't send the couple screaming to the nearest church. But the fact that these incongruities fail to undercut the film speaks to the overall strength of the piece.    Lastly, PA should serve as a source of inspiration to all prospective filmmakers, for a number of reasons. First, the alternate cuts of the film - particularly a version of the ending available online- demonstrate that PA benefited from a good amount of post-production tweaking. The alternate ending is every bit as cheesy and abrupt as the theatrical ending is chilling. The vast improvement of the final cut demonstrates how liquid cinema may be - how a capable filmmaker still undergoes trial and error before nailing it. Further, young directors struggling to accumulate a budget might take note that the film cost next to nothing (11k-15k) and was shot entirely on one location with a pro-sumer camcorder. It serves as proof that a strong concept super-cedes robust production resources anytime.
B00004XMV6|1.0|This dvd was very back.  All the seller did was just transferred the movie to dvd.  There are a lot of blank section.  This was not worth the month spent.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|Saw the 1 hour special on TV; loved it. The DVD has so much more - Beatles music (including John songs) & Paul on his own. Great video - the crowd was fun! Lots of great performances - makes me :~) !!!!!
0446567337|5.0|I havent read any Nicolas Sparks books before, but this is definitely a must read. For someone that doesnt read books much, I finished this book in 3 days! It is the epitome of a romance novel. It is an emotional book and the connection between John and Savannah is definitely portrayed well through the book. MUST READ!
1416550534|4.0|This book was quite a pleasure to read.  Although the author does hop from time period to time period at a whim, it was easy enough to figure out where you were in the story without having to go back a page to figure things out.  Despite that, it all made sense and the story kept me hanging till the very last.  I thought I had it figured out and then she threw me a curve!  The early 20th century is truly a time of splendor, refinement and social status.  It's a time that I am familiar with through stories my grandmother used to tell of the late teens and 20's (knickers and lipstick were quite the scandal!). To think MY grandmother was considered too progressive! Wow.  Well, it's a time I am familiar with, yet it is so foreign to me, as the last 40 years of our history cannot even begin to compare with that time of clearly written rules and lines drawn in the sand that could not be crossed. Things aren't so black and white anymore and that's a good thing...however, what a wonderful time to read about, to experience first hand (almost!).  I felt like I was there and that's a great accomplishment for an author.  Kate has that way of transporting you, and I am so pleased I decided to give this one a try.
B002PMV9K6|5.0|Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince is GREAT!!  This was an awesome transaction-nicely packaged and prompt deliver!  Thanks!
B001V9LPWQ|4.0|when your watching the blu-ray, its not full screen it has black bars on the side, waste of money in some ways. I love the movie though.
B00005K3O4|5.0|I couldn't believe that this movie was still available for purchase...but as soon as I saw that it was, I knew I had to have it. My boys have declared this silly movie one of their all time favorites...so it was perfect as a stocking stuffer for my difficult to buy for 24 year old son. He not only was surprised, but very happy with this gift.
B002VECMBI|5.0|Although I was cool to director Jason Reitman's first two films, \\"Thank You for Smoking\\" and \\"Juno\\", this dramedy signaled his maturity in the ranks of the top directors of today like Scorsese, Katherine Bigelow(The Hurt Locker)or James Cameron (Titanic, Avatar). For one starters, it has a smart well written script and a top notch performance by George Clooney which will certainly earn him and Reitman Oscar nods. Plus the supporting characters are also well drawn out and performed to perfection by Anne Kendricks, Vera Farmiga, J.K. Simmons and Danny McBride. I won't go to much into the plot except to say it is about the rude awakening of a man who's been \\"up in the air\\" far too long to recognize his own humanity.  If you love great dialogue and acting, do check this out.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is one of the best workout videos I have ever done.  In an attempt to not have to pay the crazy high prices to have a gym membership, I have been on a mission to find good workout videos that give me a solid, good overall workout and that can help me to lose weight and inches.  I have had a lot of trouble finding videos that are hard enough that they actually help lose weight, but the 30 Day Shred definitely does that.  I have not done the program for 30 days in a row, but I have on a few different occasions done this video 4-5 times a week, every week, for a month or more, and let me tell you, the results are huge!  I'm sure they would be even more substantial if you did the video every day, but my muscles need a break every once in awhile.  All 3 levels of workouts are tough.  Each workout has 3 circuits, each having 3 minutes of strength, 2 minutes of cardio, and 1 minute of abs.  So, the workout itself is 18 minutes, and the total time is under 30 with a warm up and cool down.  That makes this video even better - you get an awesome workout in a short amount of time, meaning no one should have an excuse not to try it out.  I highly recommend this product - it is definitely worth buying if you're looking to get in shape and lose some weight.
B0006AAS5G|5.0|Great watch for the money, I have worn a Rolex Submariner for the last 15 years. I can not believe how close to the weight and bracelet quality this watch is to a Rolex. Did not know what to really expect when I ordered it from amazon, but I am very pleased. The only negative thing I can say about the watch is the hands do not light up very well in the dark. Of course as always Amazon did a great job getting it to me really fast. Order one you won't be sorry.
0316044938|3.0|I know this is now a major motion picture, but it makes me wonder if they are running short of good ideas for movies these days. Overall, I thought the book was OK. The opening is excellent, but then I found myself slowly losing interest. I did like how the evil killer is rendered and there is certainly a certain amount of creepiness conveyed that makes this book one I would recommend on that account alone. I do lean more toward the classics, so I can't say I am the normal reader of this type of fiction. So I am sort of in the middle (thus a 3 rating).
0446567337|5.0|Took me a couple days and I could not put it down. This is by far the best book I think I have ever read! Sparks is amazing once again! Buy it now!
B002OB9KPE|4.0|I've enjoyed all of TA's CDs but I have to say I think this is the best one.  These guys play together very well and the elements of Prog Rock are all in there.  The bonus CD is very solid.  I particularly enjoyed the covers.  What I didn't expect was a religious theme to the whole thing.  Even though it's somewhat covert and not really pushy, it is fairly obvious.  I guess that's what you get with Morse these days.  Having said that, I still have been listening to the darn thing over and over and........over.
B002UZCJ8Y|5.0|Surrogates - Touchstone    Bruce Willis has been lucky to have continuous career in Hollywood, with as many ups and downs as you can imagine, and it is in the action movies that he has been able to prevail. Whether or not that's good for him, you need to ask the star. The very exciting \\"Surrogates\\" should be another triumph for Willis. It is smart and engrossing entertainment, two of the reasons of why I go to the movies for.    The story takes place in the city of San Diego, California, somewhere in the present or the near future. Science has evolved to a point in which robots are now a reality, and are part of society. They are referred to as surrogates, and they are the ones doing all the work, which keeps the country going. The owners, meanwhile, stay home, connected to machines that monitor and record their surrogates every move. Of course, there are people against this way of life. They live in areas known as Human Coalition Reservations, in which surrogates are not accepted.     Bruce Willis is FBI agent Tom Greer, who partners with beautiful Peters (Rhada Mitchell). Both of them stay home, while their surrogates do the actual police work. One day, the surrogate of the son of Canter (James Cromwell), the man who created the surrogate system, is assassinated. However, by killing the surrogate, its actual owner (Canter's son) also dies. This is unusual, and Greer and Peters - their surrogates, that is - are sent to investigate. Unfortunately, while trying to rescue the weapon that is capable of killing both owners and surrogates from the criminals, Greer's surrogate is destroyed. This forces the real Tom Greer to get out of his apartment to solve the crime, an endeavor that may change the course of mankind.    Director Jonathan Mostow did a superb job in recreating the surrogate society, aided by the fantastic futurist cinematography of Oliver Wood. Willis is remarkable in acting both as a human and as a surrogate, although at the beginning, when you see Willisfor first time, you can't help but ask yourself, \\"Why the hell is Willis using that silly hairstyle?\\" It turns out that we are looking at the surrogate, which makes perfect sense. The surrogates are much better looking that their actual owners, who, most of the times, look unhealthy and unhappy.  This is another fascinating look at what can be our future, which kept me glued to the screen to the very end. It also kept me thinking afterwards. The DVD also includes audio commentary by the director and a music video by Breaking Benjamin. (USA, 2009, color, 89 min plus additional materials)    Reviewed exclusively by Eric Gonzalez for [...] on January 24, 2010.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|If anyone in your house loves nature, wildlife or the outdoors you simply MUST get this series.  It is beyond astonishing.<br /><br />I grew up watching Disney documentaries like \\"The Vanishing Prairie\\" which included amazing footage of prairie dogs and buffaloes and sidewinders.  A few years ago my attention was captured by \\"March of the Penguins\\".  I was amazed not only by the year-long story of the Emperor Penguins living their life-cycle in the most harsh climate on earth, but also by the film crews who braved the same climate to shoot the footage.<br /><br />Now we have this series and it is huge.  \\"Planet Earth\\" is to \\"March of the Penguins\\" what the Space Shuttle is to a paper airplane.  Okay - I'm exaggerating... but only a little.<br /><br />A host of intrepid, experienced and well-financed film crews were dispatched over a five year period to collect this footage.  We see Emperor Penguins huddling over their eggs in Antarctica, Cranes in their life or death struggling migratory flight over Mount Everest, huge herds of migrating caribou and elephants, mating dances of exotic birds, and endless varieties of predator and prey.  Speaking of - thought should be given to the context of viewing for the young and tender-hearted.  For those who might cry when Bambi's mother is shot - off-screen - it may be quite traumatic to see wolves and cheetah and hyena successfully corralling deer, or little seal fins protruding from the gaping maws of breeching great white sharks.  It may be the perfect introduction of the budding naturalist to the \\"circle of life\\" or food chain or however you wish to introduce these scenes.<br /><br />But the footage - oh my - absolutely takes your BREATH away.  The flora and fauna of the earth are filmed in breathtaking natural surroundings.  Helicopter borne cameras zoom across waterfalls and savannahs.  Intimate moments with some of the rarest creatures on earth are mesmerizing: birds of paradise perform their cirque du soleil mating dances and the nearly extinct snow leopard is caught high above the tree line in titanic Asian mountain ranges.<br /><br />Disney edited this series into their recent \\"Earth\\", but the truth is that all 11 episodes are astonishing, and for less than twice the cost, you get more than 5 times more of this amazing series.<br /><br />The scope of the project is titanic: I don't expect another nature documentary this expansive and well-produced for decades.  Come one - come all.  You will see things that you never thought you'd see, may never see again, and will never forget.eopard is caught high above the tree line in titanic Asian mountain ranges.    Disney edited this series into their recent \\"Earth\\", but the truth is that all 11 episodes are astonishing, and for less than twice the cost, you get more than 5 times more of this amazing series.    The scope of the project is titanic: I don't expect another nature documentary this expansive and well-produced for decades.  Come one - come all.  You will see things that you never thought you'd see, may never see again, and will never forget.
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|Great book!  I enjoyed this book just as much as Angels & Demons and The Da Vinci Code.  The Lost Symbol sucks in the reader and keeps them captivated until the book is finished.  Brown weaves a fantastic tale of secrets and symbols revolving around the Free Masons and Washington D.C. Without summarizing the book, as I'm sure others have done, I will say that if you enjoyed Brown's other books and/or enjoy a good thriller read that is fast paced, this is a good book to read.
B002IR3PSC|5.0|I had originally bought this as a gift for my father, who actually attended the concert at Madison Square Garden in 1978, and he was ecstatic to have this, not only did he thoroughly enjoy this, but so did the rest of the family.
0307266303|5.0|Born to Run brings common sense and our sense of human power to the front stage. Christopher McDougall produces thought provoking as well as \\"ah hah\\" moments every step of the way. He engages your sense of being by questioning his own considerations of physical limitations. He targets mass marketers, the media, conventional medicine and not so conventional thinking to draw inferences that lead to one thing: we are born to move; and not only move but run. We can do it and need to do it and feel better when we do. Through great, funny, intelligent narratives of people all over this country and in other continents and through research uncovered from all reaches of the academic and scientific world, McDougall draws an intelligent and hard to dispute proposition about the way we were genetically engineered to race about(my words) joyously on our own two feet (bare, preferably).
B000021Y7X|5.0|I have quite a number of music DVD's that I play for my parties and this one always gets people dancing.  Great up-beat tunes.
B002SJIO5E|4.0|An alien vehicle stands over Johannesburg. The Army takes it by assault and so picks up a huge amount of aliens. They decide to confine them into a concentration camp, trying to isolate them from the outer world. But the chosen territory is overcrowded and sordid suburb, where the violence, misery and hunger are everywhere.<br /><br />As the time goes by, this alien community begins to share with this people their way of living and so these aliens become part  of this enormous sector of relegated A horrid environment in which the hopeless is the only certain. The growing tension and the pressure of the public opinion force the Government to find a relative solution: to displace this alien community 200 km. from the city.<br /><br />Wikus van de Merwe is a sympathetic reporter who works out as the commander in chief of the process of dislodging, interviewing the displaced aliens. It's to say the information in plain development. But when he triggers the Pandora's box, the drama will begin for this Government functionary.<br /><br />Nell Blomkamp makes not only an amusing plot with hints black humor, but besides he makes a demolishing critic about the struggling dehumanization, the scandalous process of contamination produced by technological residues and the primitive approach to deal with this curious problem all the way through.<br /><br />Perhaps, the only flaw of the film is the last breadth of sentimentalism that exudes the last sequence of the film which clearly weakness seriously the plot.<br /><br />In sum, more than a smart sci-fi (which pays a deserved homage to \\"The fly\\" and a collateral tribute to \\"Transformers\\") is an incisive statement about the unaltered human condition.<br /><br />I think to myself if Thomas Hobbes (Leviathan) would be still alive, he would be proud with this release.<br /><br />Recommended.
B000003Z4C|3.0|These barroom belters aren't as overrated as much of Cave's touted catalog, though hardly essential listening.
0061122416|3.0|This parable centers on a young man named Santiago. Though his family wishes him to become a priest, he dreams of traveling and so with his father's reluctant blessings he becomes a shepherd. Santiago spends a great deal of time with his sheep, learning the art of animal husbandry and believes that he has learned all that he needs to know from his close relationship with nature. Though he lives a mainly solitary life, he dreams of marrying a merchant's daughter.<br /><br />One night he has a powerful dream in which a child instructs him to seek out a treasure which is buried near the Egyptian Pyramids. Santiago attempts to forget about his dream, but finds that he cannot. He consults a Gypsy woman known for her ability to interpret dreams. The un-named Gypsy listens to his dream and instructs him to go to Egypt and find the treasure. She expects no immediate payment from him, but asks for one tenth of his treasure in return for the services she provided.<br /><br />Santiago agrees to the arrangement, but is still unsure about what action he should take if any. He is conflicted between the known and the unknown. On one hand he is secure in the life of the shepherd, he knows what to expect each day and things rarely change. On the other hand, his dream compels him to find a treasure which promises to afford him all the things that he desires in his life...wealth, the ability to travel, and to marry.<br /><br />Finally, Santiago meets a man who claims to be the King of Salem who encourages him to follow his dream and offers him an ancient tool that will enable him to listen to the Soul of the World, the secret language with which all things communicate with one another. Santiago strikes a bargain with the King, who purchases one tenth of Santiago's herd and which helps him to begin to finance his journey to the pyramids.<br /><br />Santiago sets about his journey to find the treasure promised of in his dream. Along the way he meets several characters who cause him to both question his choices as well as to confirm his personal destiny. Through his experiences with both friends and enemies he learns more about himself, the world, nature, and the importance of following one's dreams.<br /><br />Though he struggles with his decisions Santiago continually finds omens that he believes lead him in the direction he wishes to go. Moving ever forward Santiago finally arrives in Egypt where his treasure awaits him, however, not in the form or even the place that he had expected. The ending provides an ironic twist that the reader doesn't see coming but which reminds one of the importance of the journey over the destination.<br /><br />I really liked this story and at only about 170 pages I was able to finish it in one sitting. However, some may find the fact that The Alchemist draws upon the religious mythology of both Christian and Muslim spirituality distasteful. However, for me, it didn't detract from the central theme of the story which is to follow one's dreams.<br /><br />While some have criticized The Alchemist for presenting universal truths in a superficial manner, I prefer to read the story as a whole for its message. Though this book was originally published in 1988 (years before The Secret) there are hints to the Law of Attraction that has come to the forefront of society's consciousness in the past several years.<br /><br />In short, I believe that nearly everyone can learn something from The Alchemist; and even if you don't like the book, no one but the most die hard pessimist can deny there are worse things in life you can do than to follow your dream.well as to confirm his personal destiny. Through his experiences with both friends and enemies he learns more about himself, the world, nature, and the importance of following one's dreams.    Though he struggles with his decisions Santiago continually finds omens that he believes lead him in the direction he wishes to go. Moving ever forward Santiago finally arrives in Egypt where his treasure awaits him, however, not in the form or even the place that he had expected. The ending provides an ironic twist that the reader doesn't see coming but which reminds one of the importance of the journey over the destination.    I really liked this story and at only about 170 pages I was able to finish it in one sitting. However, some may find the fact that The Alchemist draws upon the religious mythology of both Christian and Muslim spirituality distasteful. However, for me, it didn't detract from the central theme of the story which is to follow one's dreams.    While some have criticized The Alchemist for presenting universal truths in a superficial manner, I prefer to read the story as a whole for its message. Though this book was originally published in 1988 (years before The Secret) there are hints to the Law of Attraction that has come to the forefront of society's consciousness in the past several years.    In short, I believe that nearly everyone can learn something from The Alchemist; and even if you don't like the book, no one but the most die hard pessimist can deny there are worse things in life you can do than to follow your dream.
B000002KY8|3.0|While its electro-rock-pop prowess is undeniable, I struggle to see the overwhelming praise hoisted upon this specific disc as being accurate, as the album consists of a majority of sub-par songs in relation to its breakout singles which became famous.
031606792X|3.0|Ms. Meyer does her readers a great injustice by starting plots that dead end to nowhere. After reading chapters of dialogue & nonsensical musings you ask yourself,\\"What was that all about & what does it have to do with the main story?\\" It seemed like she was making it up as she went along & she goes into so many various directions that nothing is accomplished. The best of the four books is TWILIGHT because it dealt centrally with the realtionship between Edward & Bella. Meyer should've stuck to that central idea more and left the werewolves & all these other vampires as asides. For instance,what were Bella & Edwards's lives like in that 4 months between the birth of Renesmee & the Volturi threat? Yet Meyer introduces so many foreign characters & storylines that the reader can get easily confused & the book falls flat. For instance, the stories she develops surrounding the werewolves go nowhere. They all have senseless dialogues among themselves that seems like eavesdropping on dull conversations. Also, Meyer totally omits Bella's mother & creates a father, Charlie, who conveniently chooses to deny his senses & accept Bella at her word. It seemed the story developed according to the convenience of the author & gave no depth or meaning to the various plots.  Too many plots,too much nonsense, a lot of convenient, quick wrap-ups make this book too thinly written. Ms. Meyer should've stuck to developing the central plot of Edward & Bella since they are the main attraction for the readers in the first place.  If it works, don't try to fix it.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|I got this as a free rental. NOT even worth free. This couple has got to be the most annoying idiot's. Me and my girlfriend got thru about 20 min, I should have shut it off after 10 min. If I had gone to the movies or actually bought this, I would of demanded my money back.. They should have negative star's for rating's.
B002VKE1K2|1.0|easily the worst film  i have seen in many years. i would not even classify this as a film. it is grossly stupid and undramatic.
B000FCKC4C|1.0|I can't say it any better than the other one-star reviews, but still have to put in my two cents: this book is crapola.  If you want to know why, read all the other one-star reviews.
B001MYIXAC|4.0|I really shouldn't have admitted that but some movies just don't sink in the first go around with me.<br />\\"Let The Right On In\\" was one of those movies.<br />I've been a huge fan of \\"Interview With The Vampire\\" for many years and in my mind, that really is THE definitive vampire movie.<br />So, my first impressions of \\"LTROI\\" weren't spectacular.<br />I thought it was boring, drab and pardon the pun...lifeless.<br />So, after debating this movie with a friend a while ago. I decided to watch it again.<br />And.....<br /><br />I think I missed a lot of the subtle things that the movie offers.<br />You know, I went from writing sentence long reviews to writing reviews that bordered on \\"phone book\\" size.<br />I'm trying to get to somewhere in between the two.<br /><br />What did I like?<br />Beautiful direction.<br />Colorless and drab environments that really are a reflection of the vampire herself.<br />The acting itself was top notch.<br />My favorite scene is near the end, the hospital scene.<br />I won't spoil it but it was the coolest scene in the movie.<br /><br />What didn't I like upon the second viewing?<br />Not much.<br />Like I said, sometimes a movie just doesn't click with me the first time around.<br />The second time was a charm.<br />I don't know if the subtitles on my version were screwed up or not, I never saw the theater version.<br />All in all, it's a great movie and one of the few vampire movies that is a genuinely great addition to vampire lore.<br />\\"Let The Right On In\\" comes......<br />Recommended.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Matched description perfectly as the seller provided.  Completely satisfied with the product.  It is a great dvd set and would recommend it as a gift to anyone
B001SN78JO|4.0|I'm really surprised here.<br />I really liked this movie.<br />A lot of Carrey's movies, well.....stink.<br />This one didn't.<br /><br />I'll make it short.<br />What did I like?<br />Lots of humor without relying on insulting the audience.<br />The acting, directing all get a passing grade.<br />The film is similar to \\"Liar Liar\\".<br />\\"Liar\\" probably being the better of the two.<br />An all around great story.<br />Carrey has to say yes to everything.<br />It leads to some genuinely funny moments.<br /><br />What didn't I like?<br />Nothing really.<br />The story like I said is funny, it's paced well.<br />Not too long, not too short.<br />\\"Yes Man\\" comes,<br />Recommended.
0385504225|2.0|It took 6 years to write this?    Angels and Demons was a great read, The Da Vinci code was a page turner but the formula was starting to show it's weaknesses, but this thing just completely falls apart every other chapter.  Nothing left to say that hasn't been said by the other reviews and it's 2.5 star rating.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|I love this film!   After watching it I wish I had learned how to play guitar!   As a huge u2 fan I enjoyed the insight into thier music that this film provided.  The only negative is that the film is too short!
B00005YU1O|5.0|OK WE'VE RECEIVED THE WAKE - UP CALL!!<br /><br />This film begins with a boy and a girl who wake up to the reality that the city they have been spending their short time in , is really a construction nightmare.<br />To fix the problem , the boy decides to grow up and be a good listener. This proves to be the wisest decision he has ever made in his whole life , and as a result he gets drawn to tons of listeners and people who speak to him directly. The film is a direct attempt to implement a serious attack against the State , and in where the advancement of the consciousness shift is predicted. The film is not an attack against the State which has been set up in a manner which is easily noticeable by the authorities , or perhaps even the producers themselves. The listeners decide to rebel against the screaming silence that they have subjected themselves to , resulting in a heightened sense of self - awareness which results in serious discussions on the nature and meaning of awareness. Attempts are made to answer as many philosophical questions as possible. The result becomes one of the most celebrated animes of all time , because the anime reaches to people of all ages and every amount of individuality available. The film deals thus with the consciousness shift in where little emphasis is put on the role of construction corporations and the consequences of the abuse they have become responsible for on a mental , emotional and physical level. The film emphasizes the concept of the importance of being a good listener. The problem in this world is that people refuse to actually listen to each other. As a result , society has evolved into a construction nightmare.<br />Alex Jones cries out that he wants freedom - but he has sacrificed himself to the powers that he says he is rebelling against , and thus has evolved into a corporate slave who represents everything he says he has opposed. And hence all kinds of people known and unknown are studied in the film.<br />Finally the grown up man discovers that he has in fact died , and that he died because a meteor crashed on the city where he had been alive , or that maybe he didn't die but entered an alternative universe where he has more control. Note that Alex Jones is alone in his car , the people are simply too smart and awake and aware to be treated like sheep so he has no audience. He represents the one who doesn't want to be a listener but who thinks he is. The main character , the listener , gets drawn to all the other listeners , and everything changes around them. Suddenly they realize it is in their hands to make decisions on how to change the form or structure of the city they had been spending their lives so much in. Thus the film actually predicts that the consciousness shift which will start in 2009 will start by the collapsing of Alex Jones'reputation as a documentary maker , and will then gradually evolve , first by means of entering a stage of acceleration , later it becomes sudden as the film advances. Now everyone is talking about it , and as a result , the construction corporations have lost their power. Now it is up to the inhabitants of the city to decide how they want to change it , beginning with the prisons. Do they want the city to continue to be a prison or not? They decide to conclude that the city doesn't have to be a gulag or a prison and move on.<br />In this film , existentialism and other branches of philosophy journey together to create a bigger picture than the one we had gotten used to since 1999.n discovers that he has in fact died , and that he died because a meteor crashed on the city where he had been alive , or that maybe he didn´t die but entered an alternative universe where he has more control. Note that Alex Jones is alone in his car , the people are simply too smart and awake and aware to be treated like sheep so he has no audience. He represents the one who doesn´t want to be a listener but who thinks he is. The main character , the listener , gets drawn to all the other listeners , and everything changes around them. Suddenly they realize it is in their hands to make decisions on how to change the form or structure of the city they had been spending their lives so much in. Thus the film actually predicts that the consciousness shift which will start in 2009 will start by the collapsing of Alex Jones´reputation as a documentary maker , and will then gradually evolve , first by means of entering a stage of acceleration , later it becomes sudden as the film advances. Now everyone is talking about it , and as a result , the construction corporations have lost their power. Now it is up to the inhabitants of the city to decide how they want to change it , beginning with the prisons. Do they want the city to continue to be a prison or not? They decide to conclude that the city doesn´t have to be a gulag or a prison and move on.   In this film , existentialism and other branches of philosophy journey together to create a bigger picture than the one we had gotten used to since 1999.
B001AQT11M|5.0|I had not seen this movie in several decades, and did not remember much about the details of it. After it arrived I soon had the chance to see it with my mother and my brother who were with me the last time I saw it as a child those many decades ago. It was a wonderful nostalgic event with all of us, remembering different bits and pieces of the movie that stuck with us over the years. A true family bonding experience. The DVD itself arrived promptly and in perfect condition. Thanks Disney and Amazon for a lifetime relationship with Ms. White and the Dwarves !!!
B000FC1192|2.0|no this is a book that i dont recommend.but if you want the best book ever get a copy of the hunger games
0307454541|2.0|I can see why people like this - it's fast-paced, easy read. The translation is straight-forward. This is a basic, cliche-filled, mass-market thriller. If you want a story with little depth to pass the time while you're waiting the bus, it'll do the job. But, personally, not my cup of tea. I won't be reading the sequels.
B001KVZ6G6|5.0|I watched this movie with a friend and immediately decided that I had to get it for my little brother for Christmas.  The plot is a little surprising though, in that only a short portion of the movie takes place in the flying house -- I was expecting that to be the main focus.    This particular package is nice, since it comes with so many viewing options.  We don't let my brother use the blu-ray player, so if he wants to watch it on his own he can just use the DVD copy.  I haven't tried out the digital copy yet, as I don't generally watch full-length features on my iPod, but I know a lot of people who would get lots of use out of that.
B0015HOFZI|5.0|I have only owned this for a few days but so far I am satisfied.<br /><br />First, it arrived quickly and well packaged from Amazon.<br />Setup was quick and easy.  For playback, I plugged the RCA cables into the AUX IN jacks<br />of my bookshelf stereo system.  Sound quality was very good and I could listen to albums that<br />I have had stored away for 20+ years.  The unit itself runs silently.  My 15 year old son was amazed -<br />he's never seen a record player!  (XBox 360 DJ Hero doesn't count!  lol)<br /><br />I only made a quick experiment of copying vinyl to the computer and that seemed to work pretty well.<br />I saved the tracks as high quality MP3 files.  I'll do more as time allows and I can sit down and<br />learn the software.<br /><br />So far, so good.  I'd recommend this product.<br /><br />Update, April 2016:  I never really got around to using this turntable until now.  I dusted it off and pulled out an album.  I plugged the red and white audio cables into my Vizio soundbar and all is wonderful.  I can now enjoy long forgotten albums.  I'll work on copying the albums to the pc next.
B000002J1U|5.0|awesome cd. i had this album when i was 14 back in around 1970.  I have the ALBUM...... i was listening to the radio one night down here in south FL and they do get the \\"LED OUT\\" every week night at 9.  i was coming home and they were playing some of the songs off of LED ZEP III and it took me back to when i was 14. i went back into time in my head and could remember exactly what i was doing on news years eve listening to that album.  I have listened to it now maybe 10 times since i got it yesterday!!!  LED ZEP I, II, and III are the best. a few songs off of IV are good--but not \\"stairway to heaven\\" they played that song so much back in the early 70's i never want to hear it again!!!  LOL    LED ZEP III, i highly recommend
B00275EGWY|4.0|Journalist Mark Boal was imbedded with explosive ordinance disposal (EOD) technicians, AKA a bomb squad, in Iraq in 2004, where he observed the stresses and perils of Iraq War at its most bloody. Improvised explosive devices (IEDs) are the defining characteristic of the Iraq War, and that was during their peak, when EOD units saw a lot of action. Director Kathryn Bigelow asked Boal to write a fictional script based on his observations. \\"The Hurt Locker\\" follows a three-man EOD unit called Bravo Company for the last five weeks of its rotation in Iraq. The team's leader is the new guy, a brazen but highly skilled adrenaline junkie, SSG Will James (Jeremy Renner). He clashes with the professional, even-tempered Sgt. JT Sanborn (Anthony Mackie), while the younger Spc. Owen Eldridge (Brian Geraghty) has a hard time coping with the death around him.<br /><br />\\"The Hurt Locker\\" was shot in a documentary style, always using four cameras with different views on the action, so the 44-day shoot in Jordan produced a million feet of film. Don't worry. It's all edited down quite nicely. The downside is that there is camera shake, a style that seems to have taken over contemporary cinema. The advantage is that Barry Ackroyd's cinematography and Kathryn Bigelow's direction bring out the drama inherent in the high-stress, do-or-die situations without seeming to try. Their approach to the material is almost prosaic. This is a day in the life of the bomb squad. And then another day, etc. It is always suspenseful, because diffusing bombs is inherently suspenseful. It is always dramatic, because these men must cope with extreme circumstances, and they do so differently, which can make them uneasy with one another.<br /><br />Bigelow cast the lead roles with actors who would not be immediately recognizable. We don't have any particular expectations of them, which augments the film's sense of immediacy. We don't' know ahead of time how anyone is going to react to the constantly shifting emotional landscape. But we get a few surprises when more recognizable actors show up in smaller roles. It's a nice touch. And the cast is terrific. Though there is plenty of action (and realistic explosions, not the kind that make pretty orange plumes), \\"The Hurt Locker\\" is very much a character drama. Three people react to war as they see it and to each other. It's not a political film. It doesn't comment on the wisdom, or not, of the Iraq War. It doesn't tell the audience who to see as hero, villain, or victim. But \\"The Hurt Locker\\" does give the impression that this is the reality of 21st century warfare.<br /><br />The DVD (Summit 2010): Bonus features are a making-of documentary, image gallery with audio, and a feature commentary. \\"The Hurt Locker: Behind the Scenes\\" (12 min) interviews Kathryn Bigelow and Mark Boal, cast, and some creative crew about the films genesis, characters, the director's style, and the cinematography. The \\"Image Gallery\\" is a slideshow of behind-the-scenes photos with audio from a Q&A with Bigelow and Boal at the Institute of Contemporary Art in London. So it gives us something to look at while we listen to the Q&A. The audio commentary, again with director Kathryn Bigelow and writer Mark Boal, is informative and constant. They discuss the locations, cast, filming in Jordan, the explosions, and Boal contributes some observations from his time in Iraq. Subtitles available for the film in English SDH and Spanish. Dubbing available in Spanish.ape. But we get a few surprises when more recognizable actors show up in smaller roles. It's a nice touch. And the cast is terrific. Though there is plenty of action (and realistic explosions, not the kind that make pretty orange plumes), \\"The Hurt Locker\\" is very much a character drama. Three people react to war as they see it and to each other. It's not a political film. It doesn't comment on the wisdom, or not, of the Iraq War. It doesn't tell the audience who to see as hero, villain, or victim. But \\"The Hurt Locker\\" does give the impression that this is the reality of 21st century warfare.    The DVD (Summit 2010): Bonus features are a making-of documentary, image gallery with audio, and a feature commentary. \\"The Hurt Locker: Behind the Scenes\\" (12 min) interviews Kathryn Bigelow and Mark Boal, cast, and some creative crew about the films genesis, characters, the director's style, and the cinematography. The \\"Image Gallery\\" is a slideshow of behind-the-scenes photos with audio from a Q&A with Bigelow and Boal at the Institute of Contemporary Art in London. So it gives us something to look at while we listen to the Q&A. The audio commentary, again with director Kathryn Bigelow and writer Mark Boal, is informative and constant. They discuss the locations, cast, filming in Jordan, the explosions, and Boal contributes some observations from his time in Iraq. Subtitles available for the film in English SDH and Spanish. Dubbing available in Spanish.
0756655730|4.0|Altough the book is amazing, and it has tons of beautiful pics of prehistoric animals and even! plants, I noticed that some of the illustrations of dinosaurs are derived from another book, namely Dinsoaurs and prehistoric life of Hazel Richardson by Dorling Kindersley pressed in 2003.... For example the pictures of herrerasaurus, hesperornis, ichtyornis, ichiosaurus, psittacosaurus, carnotaurus, parasaurolophus and more. ( i think minimum!! a dozen illustrations are picked out from that book but i didnt chekcked all. it only includes the dinosaurs, birds and extinct mammals) I was a little bit disappointed about that...  But if i dont think about that, it is an excellent book, for anyone! Its main advantage that contains pictures of many fossils of plants, vertebrates and invertebrates as well in a quite large size.
0375842209|5.0|I purchased this book on my Kindle, which I totally love - but its one downside is that you can't pass a book along to somebody else when you're done with it. If I'd known how much I'd want to share this book, I would have bought a paper copy. I might actually go ahead buy a few copies just so I can share them.    I heard the following explanation of why it's in the \\"Teen Literature\\" genre (I don't know if this explanation is correct, but it makes sense): It was originally published in Australia in the normal \\"Literature\\" genre, and was fully intended for an adult audience. When the publisher brought it to America, though, they decided that books in the Literature genre don't sell as well here and it would get more exposure in the \\"Young Adult\\" and \\"Teen\\" market, so they threw it in there to make more money.     I think probably every teen SHOULD read this, in the same way they should all read The Diary of Anne Frank, but I doubt it will appeal to many of them. Certainly not to the same crowd of teens that's gone crazy recently over Twilight and Harry Potter before that.     It's the (fictional, but very true-to-life) story of a young girl raised by foster parents in Germany during World War II. Her family is hiding a Jew, and so is in constant danger of being discovered by the Nazis. (In this way, it's reminiscent of The Diary of Anne Frank but told from a completely different perspective.) Interestingly, the story is actually narrated by Death. Death himself is very much a character in the book even though he takes no direct hand in the plot other than quietly and compassionately collecting souls when their time comes. He interjects his own opinions and notes throughout. (At first these interjections seemed distracting, but before long they became one of my favorite aspects of the book.) By tying such a narrator so closely to the story the author ensures that the right mood is maintained throughout. The author's concept of an personified Death is very different than the ones we are used to. In one parenthetical statement Death even alludes to his more classic personification when he comments, \\"I like this human idea of the grim reaper. I like the scythe. It amuses me.\\"    The main character of the book is Liesel. Everything she's ever had, even her family, has been taken from her, so early on in the book (the first chapter or two, if I recall), in attempt to have anything at all that is hers, she steals a book left accidentally on the ground by an apprentice grave digger just after the funeral of her younger brother. It's \\"The Gravedigger's Handbook\\". She can't read, and has no idea of what the book is - it's just one of the only things in the world that is hers now, so she hides it away like a treasure. When her foster father finds it, he realizes that she'd like to learn how to read. Being too poor to afford any other book, they use that one to teach her. He's hesitant about the subject matter but, in a wonderful illustration of the character's optimism in the face of even the most depressing situation he laughs and tells her as they get started, \\"Well, promise me one thing Liesel. If I die any time soon, you make sure they bury me right. No skipping chapter six or step four in chapter nine.\\" The Gravedigger's Handbook becomes the first of several books that she steals, and the story tells how each one changes her life.    This is the first fictional novel to ever actually make me cry. A few times throughout the book I realized I was about to let loose a tear, but I managed to get through those without actually crying. (Typical male: Just had to man-up, ya know?) But then, as I finished it, my face was literally wet. It's an amazingly moving book. In addition to the tears, it also made me laugh in a lot of places, made me happy and inspired in a lot of places, and just generally ran the gamut of human emotion. I've never had a book affect me like that, and certainly not one that I knew was fictional. (But just because it'sfictional doesn't mean it isn't full of truth. It shows many of the horrors of war in such realistic terms that you'd swear it could only be written by somebody in Anne Frank's position.)    I've always felt for the Jews who were persecuted during that war, but this book has given me a whole new appreciation for the few German citizens who were brave enough to protect some of these persecuted people, the ones who were wise enough to recognize the Nazi propaganda against the Jews  for what it was, and who were human enough to risk their lives and families to do what they could do to help the oppressed.    As far as actual objective quality of writing, I wouldn't go so far as to say that The Book Thief is written as well as a few others I've read. Pillars of the Earth by Ken Follett comes to mind as one with higher quality writing, as does The Archer's Tale by Bernard Cornwell. But the writing here is incredibly poetic in many places, and when it comes to grabbing your emotions and making you feel like you're living in the story, I've never seen another book as well-done. Because I'd heard it was in the Teen section of the bookstore, I started it very skeptically, and it took a while for me to get used to the very odd narrative style - but by the time I was a third of the way through I was completely hooked.    Whoever it was at the publishing company who decided to call it \\"Teen Literature\\" needs to be strung up by the thumbs. I'll admit that if every teen read this book during their most impressionable years then it would probably make the world a better place because more of them would grow up into people who want to actively avoid war. But I doubt that many teens have the social maturity to really appreciate all that this book has to offer. I know there are many who do, and those that do have my complete respect, and I hope this book finds them. But the adult market is a far more appropriate venue for this book that I can only hope becomes regarded as a classic in years to come.
0743454537|5.0|This story is so compelling. I had a very hard time putting it down. I have not yet seen the movie but I wanted to read the book first. I can't wait to see if the movie compares at all. This is a great read for anyone!
1416583408|1.0|I expected so much more from this book. In them first pages I found myself saying quite a lot...what is that?  Starting at the broiler chicken story. I know so far all the experiments/studies she is refering to; but they seem to be taken a bit tweaked to what she needs them to fit to. Some good pointers were made, that the dog is not always seen as an individual, but this is so far it. I will try to finish this book, just to see if it get's better!  But I already regret to have spent money on it.
B001UV4XUG|5.0|(500) Days of Summer is the sweetest and saddest film about the ups and downs of love that I have seen in many, many years. They just don't make romantic comedies like this anymore but in some ways - this film is a drama set to a story of two people who just can't seem to make it work. Joseph Gordon-Levitt is absolutely brilliant and even Zooey Deschanel surpised me even though I am not a fan of her deadpan acting. This film is funny, charming, and completely realistic when it comes to the beginning, middle, and end of a doomed relationship - and I like how the film travels back between the past and present. I highly recommend this life-changing indie flick and remember kids...this isn't a love story.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|Loved this movie! Blu Ray makes it an even better movie. The special effects are mind blowing!
0143038419|3.0|It took me a really long time to get through this book and not because I didn't have time to read it.  I feel like it would be easy to dislike Elizabeth Gilbert after reading the book.  Like other readers I found her to be a little too whiny and selfish for my taste and literally had to force myself to pick up the book and finish it but I tried to get over this initial reaction and look at the book from a different perspective.  It takes a lot of guts to take a year off and travel to different parts of the world the way she did (and alone I might add!).  Not everyone would be able to just pick up and leave.  Sometimes we all need a fresh start and this was her way of coping so in that sense, I admire Elizabeth for having the courage to pick up the pieces and start over again.  Overall, the concept of this book is very interesting.  I think I could have enjoyed the book a little more if she wasn't such a drama queen.
0312360258|1.0|I know this series is aimed at teens, but the writing is incredibly amateur. There are too many parenthetical asides; they got annoying really quickly.     An interesting storyline exists, but the author(s) take way too long to move the plot along; instead, much of the text is taken up by the main character's (Zoey) whining. Endless whining. The authors try way too hard to make this a \\"modern\\" vampire novel--and it shows. There are myriad useless references to pop culture.    Also, the book doesn't appear to have any original ideas. There are similarities to Harry Potter (the mark on the forehead, the outcast being the \\"Chosen\\" one) and a line stolen straight out of Spiderman (\\"With great power comes great responsibility\\").     Halfway through, I found myself skimming the book, only stopping to read the bits and pieces that furthered the story along so I could find out what happened in the end. Simply put, there's a lot of filler in this book. Useless, mindless chatter that does nothing for the plot.    And I'll never EVER read another story written by PC and Kristin Cast ever again.
0307454541|4.0|Like many other readers, I was excited to begin this book.  Then, I sat down and started reading it.  That excitement quickly dwindled, and I was wondering what all the hype was about.  I threw it on my desk, and it eventually got covered up by some papers, and stayed there for about a month.  A friend convinced me to go back and try again, because she told me it gets better.  I did just that, and I am glad I did.  I couldn't put it down, after getting about 100 pages into it. I would recommend this book if you have some patience. It takes awhile to get into, but once you do, you will be glad you stuck with it.
0307269981|5.0|A child in peril tied to a bed. A study of mathematics. Sex on a beach in Grenada. A murderous hurricane. Dramatic rescues. Oh, that's just the first 75 pages. A great read with fascinating characters. The author is a master of suspense. I gave it 5 stars because it kept me up late. I couldn't put the thing down. And the ending has hooked me for the next one. The author's death a tragic loss.
B002SVBDYQ|5.0|Great album but I wish I had done my homework before making this purchase online.  This album does not include the three bonus tracks which you would get if you purchased on iTunes and I'm assuming if you purchased in the store.  One of those songs \\"Solar Midnight\\" by Lupe Fiasco is a really great tune.  My brother also worked on the video so I really wanted to have the song for obvious reasons.  Kinda dissapointed with Amazon for not including those songs.
B000067J1Y|5.0|It had been at least 10 years since I had seen Hot Shots so when I saw the title available to watch instantly online, I jumped at the chance. Valeria Golino is amazing, first the scene with the horse, then the lounge singing act...Lloyd Bridges steals every scene he is in, especially in the tower when he first flosses between his ears with a handkerchief and then swallows the earplugs, also shouting at a painting when he thinks it is the base and at the funeral of \\"Dead Meat\\". Cary Elwes, Jon Cryer and Charlie Sheen all turn in hilarious performances as well and it features appearances by Ryan Stiles and Heidi Swedberg (Susan Ross from Seinfeld). Not 30 seconds goes by without a side-splitting sight gag, particularly during the flight deck scenes on the carrier. Classic Abrahams comedy!
B000FBFMFW|5.0|by far one of the bes books ive ever read. yo cant put it down you just keep wondering whats going to happen next
0312370849|5.0|Great novel but I love My Enemy's Cradle by Sara Young even better.  If you liked Sarah's Key, you'll love My Enemy's Cradle.
B001QWBM62|2.0|I will start with topmost star rating of 5 as permitted on this site and go from there. I will explain each problem that Zoom H4n exposes and subtract corresponding value for each.    First thing first: the sound quality. While built-in microphones provide sufficient sound clarity and recording at 24/96 produces sufficient frequency spectrum, the level of self-noise is simply overwhelming to me.  It is not overly loud for most consumer-related needs although and might work quite well for most of the tasks which other reviewers seem to mention. I was able to get by when I hooked up one of my studio mics (Audiotechnica 4033 to be specific) via phantom-powered XLR inputs, recorded voice-over narrations this way and then used software on my PC to apply noise gate at -40dB followed by voice compressor. Then only my recordings became more or less acceptable for my ears: the noise, removed from the pauses between speeches was still layered over the voice and you could hear it quite distinctively. To be fair although, many people may not notice it because they listen to the text and their attention is usually drawn to the context but since I was working on sound, I could hear every flaw loud and clear while computer signal analysis visualizes the noise for me.    I decided to give it another try and attempted to record something which is quite hard to capture very clearly: a cat purr. It could be anything else: the exercise is indicative of low sound level performance. This time I used built-in mics and chased my little kitty when she was purring in gratitude for food. I shoved this thing right in her face which made my pet scared for a while but eventually the job was done. Imagine my frustration when I looked at my sound in Sound Forge and heard it in my speakers. Forget computer hardware issues, I have highest quality 24 and 32 bit processing sound card and excellent sound system and I look at the sound in analyzer rather than relying on cheap speakers as many do. My recording went straight to trash. The job wasn't handled at all.    Again, if you are nothing more than an average person who never heard of 24bit DVD-Audio or Super Audio CD and spent no more than $1000 for your home sound system, you have nothing to worry about: you may not notice any issues with noise. In the long run, your amplifier+speakers may produce more noise than this recorder anyway. But if you are an individual who needs quality above all, be forewarned. For this very significant and probably most critical issue with Zoom H4n I am taking one star off of the highest available rating. This is quite moderate subtraction in my opinion by the way. So far we are at 4 stars.    Next, it allows 24bit at 96kHz recording in Mono  and Stereo mode only. For 4 channel recording you are limited to 24bit at 48kHz only and if you hoped to use MTR mode, forget 24 bit, you are back to basics and that is 16bit at 44.1kHz only. Too bad, I wish it allowed 24 bit across the board. In my dreams in case with Zoon H4n although. Subtracting one more star and we are at 3 now.    Next, Zoom H4n ASIO driver is not meant to work with 64bit operating systems. This means that if you have Vista 64 or Windows 7 64 bit, forget about connecting your Zoom and using included Cubase LE4 directly. Not going to happen. All you can do is get your SD card, copy files via card reader and work with files this way. This also means that all promised native support in inclosed Cubase LE4 is gone. If you wish it worked as promised, get yet one more PC or make you computer multi-boot and install 32bit OS. This means additional draw back which makes me very disappointed. Visit this forum and see what user Guyatone who seems to be working for Zoom Corporation says about not being interested even in making their product 64bit OS compatible: [...]    I want to be moderate and I subtract half a star at this time. Therefore we are at 2.5 stars now.    Next issue is with included Cubase LE4. While this software is supplied by Steinberg (...) rather than Zoom Corporation, it is still sold together with Zoom and therefore becomes part of the deal. As such it affects the general perception of the product and therefore Zoom folks should pay very close attention to this piece as well in order to keep their face up. Unfortunately, there is a huge problem here too. You cannot use CubaseLE4 more than 30 days or 3000 launches without activation but Steinberg's software activation web page does not work. First, you create an account on their site which works ok. Then you are forwarded to a page where you select Cubase LE4 for activation and registration and that's when you get \\"Error 404: not found page\\" message. Excuse me? Yes, you bought this product legitimately, you wish to register and activate it and instead you get \\"404\\" garbage. I don't know about you but this makes me very mad. Steinberg is yet to fix their issues, I am still not activated yet: we will see how long it would take them to fix their poor design issues. But because I am such a nice and cool guy, I am subtracting another half a star only. And that brings us to 2 stars only.    I hoped to sing praises to this unit when I ordered it based on feedback of all other reviewers on this site but after encountering all mentioned above issues I am contemplating on returning my unit for refund. I still need some compact low noise recorder with 24 bit capability and XLR input as Zoom didn't stand up to its reputation.
B00000DNCF|5.0|Rather than reviewing just Badmotorfinger, I'm going to kill two stones with one bird (just like Chuck Norris) and review both Badmotorfinger and the Somms Ep.  Badmotorfinger (10/10):  Soundgarden's third album is one of Soundgarden's grungiest albums that placed Soundgarden with the Big Four of Grunge along side Nirvana, Pearl Jam, and Alice In Chains.  And it's for that reason that Soundgarden's album was one of the most underrated grunge albums during the onslaught of Nirvana.  Pearl Jam was the only one who made it out of the 90's alive while the others fell apart.  Nirvana's album, Nevermind, was added into the National Recording Registry, and Alice In Chains went on to get all of the girls.  But Soundgarden was the last Grunge band to fall apart.  And even today it is overlooked in favor of Ten, Dirt, and Nevermind.  But even so, Badmotorfinger is and always will be a testament to Seattle's unsung heroes.  At the Peak of Grunge, the best tracks are \\"Rusty Cage\\" (which I heard and discovered Soundgarden), \\"Outshined\\", and \\"Jesus Christ Pose\\", a purposly forgotten song shunned by MTV because of it's video, which had a very good meaning.  Some people accused the latter song of being Anti-Christian, but it's quite the opposite,  it talks about people who exploit the image of Jesus on the cross for personal gain.  Some of the other honorable mentions include \\"Mind Riot\\", which is a very good alternative rock song, and \\"Face Pollution\\" for its punkish attack.  \\"Room a Thousand Years Wide\\" is a good song with a sudden screaming opening, and \\"Searching With My Good Eye Closed\\" has a kind of cryptic opening that reminds me of \\"665\\" and \\"667\\" from their debut album, [[ASIN:B000000M4A Ultramega OK]].  The entire album seems to a dedicated mix of Black Sabbath and Led Zeppelin with a little Butthole Surfers and punk thrown in.  The album is far more focused than their first two albums thanks to their (at the time) newly recruited bassist, Ben Shepherd.  The album is worth buying without the Somms Ep if you just want the basic feel of Soundgarden.  Satanocillatemymetallicsonatas EP (9/10):  The Ep is good for several reasons:    1)\\"Into the Void (Sealth)\\" is a cover of Black Sabbath's Into the Void with lyrics written from Chief Sealth/Seattle's infamous speech (How can you buy or sell the sky/Or the warmth of the land it's strange to us/We don't own the freshness of the air/Or the sparkle of the water/How can you buy them from us/The white man doesn't understand our ways/For he's a stranger who comes in the night/And takes from the land just what he needs).  The lyrics deal with \\"the white man\\" destroying and polluting the earth (which kinda fits in with the original Black Sabbath meaning).  This is a grungified cover that runs smooth and dirty as you please.  It's far more heavy than the original version and Chris Cornell's voice sounds a little like Ozzy's.  Got a Grammy nomination, too.  2)\\"Girl U Want\\" is a cover of Devo's song that is surprisingly well made enough to have Devo themselves use the Soundgarden version as a template to re-record the song.  The song is pop fuzed with Soundgarden's heavy grunge sound.  3)\\"Stray Cat Blues\\" is a cover of a Rolling Stone song.  The song is again a older sound merged with Soundgarden's heavy grunge.  This song and the two mentioned above should be enough to buy this Ep with Badmotorfinger.  The last two songs is a Soundgarden original titled \\"She's A Politician\\" which is a valuble b-side that can be found easier than the rest of the catelog of Soundgarden B-sides, and a live version of \\"Slaves and Bulldozers\\" that clocks in at a little over eight and a half minutes.  I'm not really one for live versions of any songs so I can't give an opinion on this song.  \\"She's A Politician\\" is a short and sweet grunge song that moves at a good speed.  Now if you want a good grunge album with a collectable 2nd disk with promising b-sides, than go for it.  This 2 disc set is some of Soundgarden's bestsongs.  Its grunge at it's finest!!!
B001LXIDVS|5.0|Stranded in 1955, Marty McFly receives written word from his friend, Doctor Emmett Brown, as to where can be found the DeLorean time machine. However, an unfortunate discovery prompts Marty to go to his friend's aid. Using the time machine, Marty travels to the old west where his friend has run afoul of a gang of thugs and has fallen in love with a local schoolteacher. Using the technology from the time, Marty and Emmett devise one last chance to send the two of them back to the future. Back to the Future 3 is a well-written, well-directed, well-balanced piece. With an incredible musical score, brilliant acting and excellent composition, the movie reminded me that Back to the Future was never about action. It is truly about the characters we came to know and love in the first movie. The perfect finale to a wonderful trilogy
B002L5810I|5.0|I loved this VHS tape in the eighties, and so did all of my nephews & nieces; they would watch it over and over again, and I'd watch it right along with them!  It's so good to be able to see it in again on DVD. The picture quality is excellent, and so is the sound.  If you love Michael Jackson, then you need to revisit this DVD!
630460288X|4.0|Los Angeles in the year 1996. The streets are ruled by acts of violence and terror, nothing and nobody is safe. Simon Phoenix is one of the worst criminals that Los Angeles has ever seen, and only one man can stop him - L.A.P.D. officer John \\"Demotion Man\\" Spartan. When John apprehended Phoenix, he was surprisingly found as an accessory to the recent crime and was also sent to the \\"Cryo Prison\\". During John Spartan's sentence, Los Angeles' theme and society had dramatically changed from one of violence to one of peace. Phoenix, revived for a parole hearing managed to escape and uses Los Angles to his advantage. The Police are unable to stop him with their non-violent solutions and have no choice but to let out John Spartan to stop him. Now, Spartan not only has to stop Phoenix, but to adapt himself to the future society he has no knowledge about. The humor in the movie is exceptional, and Wesley Snipes is great as Simon Phoenix. A silly, but fun movie to watch.
0307593525|5.0|I was very pleased with the purchase.  It was a great price compared to anywhere else I looked, and arrived quickly in perfect condition.  My  mom was really happy with her Christmas gift!
0783226837|5.0|Trying to escape their dead-end life in the desert town of Perfection, Nevada, Valentine McKee and Earl Bassett find themselves sidetracked when corpses mysteriously start piling up around them. When Val and Earl have a run-in with some creepy tentacled creatures that have made lunch out of a road crew, they retreat back to the town to spread the news. Although these monsters are not exactly intellectuals, their mental powers are still mind-boggling. Detecting a human hiding in a car, they dig under the vehicle, causing it to sink into the earth. Val and Earl get help from several townspeople. With the help of Rhonda, Val and Earl kill one of the monsters. But there are three of them left, and they are each about 30 feet long. Walter starts calling the monsters graboids. When the survivors think they have outwitted the graboids by taking refuge atop the roofs of buildings, the graboids merely destroy the buildings' foundations, killing two people. The graboids are quick learners when it comes to stalking their prey, and the humans must continually be on their toes if they are to stay alive while they try to find a way to defeat the graboids. \\"Tremors\\" succeeds in what it sets out to be, an exciting and wonderfully entertaining  horror thriller. A lot of fun and highly recommended.
B002T921AC|5.0|She loves and I mean LOVES Justin so this was a steal. Came in time and great condition.
0452286751|3.0|The Fountainhead is the novel that made Ayn Rand famous. It serves as an introduction to Rand's philosophy, Objectivism, and tells a decent story to boot. In an allegorical sense, it tells of the triumph of the individual talent, integrity, and persistence over mediocrity and the evils of collectivism. It is better written than her later work, [[ASIN:0452011876 Atlas Shrugged]], but still suffers from Rand's heavy-handed philosophizing.     The protagonist, Howard Roark, gets expelled from architectural school and can't find any commissions. He is young, talented, and a social pariah. His expulsion was effectively the result of being too far ahead of the curve. The Dean didn't understand his modern style, and he got the boot. Roark has all the talent he needs and has reached the point where school has nothing left to teach him. He is confident in himself and does not express much in the way of self-doubt.    In contrast, we see the character of Peter Keating, a man who managed to reach the top of his class despite having little talent. By Rand's characterization, I wouldn't be surprised if a monkey with an Etch-a-Sketch could design a better building. There's also Gail Wynand, the head of a news company who could have been like Roark had he not sold out, and Ellsworth Toohey, a power-hungry columnist who holds great sway over the architectural community and enjoys elevating mediocrity. There's also Dominique Francon, Roarks love interest. He rapes her, but it's okay because he's the perfect hero and she secretly wanted it. She also has a bizarre fascination with causing Roark as much pain as possible. I did not manage to catch what was so great about her, but Rand tells us that she's the perfect woman.    The plot follows Roark's career as he contends with leading architects who are actually mediocre and Toohey's attempts to sabotage him and curtail his genius. It's an interesting story, but gets dragged down by poor characterization and a heavy philosophical bent.Roark is more like a high-schooler's dream than an actual person. He is a bit too confident and lacks the self-doubt that affects everyone else. Not once did his resolve falter. His character arc is virtually non-existent. He has all the talent and architectural knowledge he needs and has seemingly answered life's big questions. In short, his character has no room to grow. All that's left is to land the girl and get the world to appreciate his talent. The trouble with using a man like Roark to showcase her philosophy is that it really doesn't show people how to apply it to their own lives. It's the same problem as overly strict, moralistic religions: they don't realize that it's impossible for people to live up to those values and the result is self-loathing on the part of its adherents.    As for Rand's philosophy, she is very much pro-individual. Human achievement is to be valued, with selfishness and egotism numbered as virtues. The focus is on positive accomplishment. Rand likes people who reach the top through hard work and talent, not by undermining the opposition. She considers collectivism and altruism evil. Indeed, anything that questions whether the individual is the greatest thing in the universe is not good for Rand. Her preferred roles for man and nature are master and servant, respectively. Rand desires people to base everything on reason, hence the name \\"Objectivism\\". Curiously, her own philosophy was not to be questioned, the reason being that since it was all worked out logically, it is the truth, and questioning it shows an error on the part of the questioner.    Part of the trouble with Rand's philosophy is its all-or-nothing approach. Any rational argument is based on certain axioms or premises which are assumed to be true; it is impossible to start with only the rules of logic and deduce anything meaningful. Thus, even if an argument is logically sound, the premises are always open to question. In the case of Rand's philosophy, we may choose toaccept certain premises and reject others, leading to different conclusions. This does not even address the issue of whether her conclusions really were derived directly from the premises without any gaps or leaps.    The second problem is an issue of human psychology. Rand has something of a one-size-fits-all approach, but we know today that temperament and personality are heavily influenced by genetics. Rand knew little psychology and gave it little consideration. To transition from showcasing the perfect man to creating a practical philosophy would require integrating knowledge about human behavior and human psychology.    That said, Objectivism is an interesting philosophy and I would definitely recommend reading the Fountainhead.
B0018CWEYY|4.0|I receieved it in excellent condition, I just wished I had receieved it sooner. It took forever!
0553582038|2.0|I loved the first three books of this series. I also liked the last 200 pages of this book a little bit. Nevertheless, during the first 350 pages of this book almost nothing noteworthy happened, and I had to force myself to keep on reading. Sansa's and Brienne's chapters were especially dull until the very end. Cersei's sections are a little bit more interesting, but they are also much more predictable. I also am still wondering exactly why Martin even bothered producing Jaime's story, which is a complete waste of time. Let's be honest: the wall, the dragons, and the newly introduced magical elements of the world (not to mention the large battles and the shocking plot developments) are what made this series great--and all of these great things are almost entirely absent from this entry. There are a few minor battles and fights, and a couple of minor shocks, but none of it compares to the other three books. If you are a fan of the series, I would suggest speed reading and/or skimming this sucker. Where is the next book already? This book is watered down and it has been out forever now!
0765356139|4.0|Summary:  --------  \\"The Well of Ascension\\" is a bit of a misnomer.  Only the last 150 pages really deals with the Well of Ascension.  The first part of the book focuses on three armes camped outside of the Capitol.  The first part of the book is paced too slowly and could have used some serious editting down.    Overall, the milieu created by Sanderson is very interesting but is not expanded very much.      The book feels like a middle novel in a series -- some character development, resolution to various plot points with some advancement of larger plot arcs, and the culling of some characters.  Some of the new story arcs are interesting which makes me want to read the last novel in the series.    World Setting - 4 stars:  ------------------------  The world setting is not developed very much beyong the first book in the series, Mistborn.  You do find out more about some of the Lord Ruler creations and how they fit into the world.    Characters - 4 stars:  ---------------------  You get to find out more about the Terris people through Sazed and Tindwyl.  Many of the original thieving crew get killed during the capital assault by the koloss army attack.  The deaths seem rather random and abrupt but it is effective in describing the fericosity of the attack and the koloss.  Van and Elend both get more development but it could have been compressed a fair bit.  Marsh gets a larger role in the story.    The Zane character is a nice addition to the character mix.    Action -- 3.5 stars:  --------------------  The action was fairly good but the pacing of events seemed a bit off to me.  The action descriptions were good.    Prose -- 3.5 to 4 stars:  ------------------------  The writing style is fairly good.  I would have rated it higher but the first part of the book should have editted down in length but not content.
1579128149|5.0|Theodore Gray's THE ELEMENTS is a lush and visually stunning coffee-table book that provides an individual \\"biography\\" of each element.    He opens with an overview of the Periodic Table and its organization of elements into groups according to their similar characteristics. But then he explores them, element by element, in order of their atomic number rather than by group -- an effective method because the repeated returns to the various groups reinforce those group characteristics while familiarizing readers with the individual elements.    Each biography is a two-page spread -- the left a full-page photo of a sample of the element (from Gray's extensive personal collection), and the right an array of text and images that detail the element's history, uses, and technical specs (atomic weight; density; crystal structure; orbital electron arrangement; melting and boiling points; emission spectrum). Though it's a reference work, I read this book straight through -- often thinking, \\"okay, just one more\\" but then unable to resist that each element's text ends with a teaser for the next one, and that Gray is liberal with trivia, personal experience, and wit. He dubs Tellurium the most melodic name and discusses the politics involved in naming new elements, finishing: \\"And so it is that we come to the end of our journey through the periodic table not with a bang, but with a committee.\\"    He's the Bill Bryson of the Periodic Table :) Highly recommended.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|The little picture says \\"coming to DVD in 2010\\" and I should certainly hope so! All my friends have been waiting for it to be released so we could own it. And my little sister somehow knows about it from watching some Nickelodeon channel a few years ago with our nephew who was only 9! I am the middle of three children (32, 25, and 18) and I got into the show watching the first season with my brother when he was in high school. Thats THREE different age groups, and two generations! Come on Mtv! Figure out what to do with the soundtrack already! It's been 10 years! There has got to be something you can do about the music rights! You've waited long enough. Millions of people are waiting to own the best damn TV show ever!
1439138311|1.0|Short and to the point. The characters were essentially uninteresting and rather dull. The plot was uninspired. The settings were trite. Sorry, but this book was a waste of time to read.
B002T9H2ME|4.0|My how time flies.  Duncan Jones, son of David Bowie, is now a film director.  The man who fell to earth comes to mind.  Very interesting story where the plot comes before the technology.  If you like tension, dialogue, and thought provoking scenes, this is a film for you.  I hope we'll hear more from Duncan and maybe his famous Dad will pop up soon.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Planet Earth in bluray captures the magic of the original in amazing hi-def. My family and I really enjoy watching and rewatching this program as it is both as entertaining as it is educational.
B002ZHKZEC|5.0|If you're a fan of Doctor Who, or just good science fiction, who's been putting off the upgrade to Blu-ray...here's a most compelling reason to make the switch now.  These 4 special episodes shine brightly in the hi-def format.  BBC gave us a taste of this with last year's release of [[ASIN:B0016821YI Doctor Who: Planet of the Dead [Blu-ray]]] (which was the first episode to be filmed in HD) as well as the 3 series of Torchwood.  I'm not sure what the British are doing different from the U.S. or other countries, but their hi-definition programs are simply the best I have seen in the format.<br /><br />On the chance that you're not familiar with these special episodes themselves, here's a quick run-down.  Please note, this review does contain minor SPOILERS:<br /><br />THE NEXT DOCTOR: The 2008 Christmas special.  The Doctor visits Victorian England, where he encounters another man claiming to be the Doctor.  I won't spoil the surprise, but there are some nice twists and a standout performance from David Morrisey in the title role.  This was the first of the modern Doctor's episodes without a regular companion.  It was also the last episode before the switch to hi-definition, but the upconvert used here looks fantastic, so it's really a non-issue as far as I'm concerned.<br /><br />PLANET OF THE DEAD: Aired on Easter, 2009.  The Doctor and a woman on the run (The Bionic Woman's Michelle Ryan) are among a busload of passengers who find themselves stranded on a desert planet overrun with terrifying flying creatures.  Most folks agree this one's just an average adventure.  But, it looks stunning.<br /><br />THE WATERS OF MARS: A great, creepy tale set on mid-21st century Mars.  The Doctor has some hard choices to make when he realizes a group of Martian colonists are destined to die on the day he arrives.  It's also one of David Tennant's finest hours, as he begins to confront the prophecy regarding his own death that he was told at the end of Planet of the Dead.<br /><br />THE END OF TIME: This two-parter was the end of David Tennant's tenure as the famous Time Lord.  While confronting his own mortality, the Doctor also must face the enemy who knows him best. . .and the power of a forgotten race that is using the power of time itself to reshape its own destiny.  It's a bit of a mixed bag (particularly part 1), but it's still highly engaging and a fitting resolution to the 10th Doctor's journey.<br /><br />As with the individual season episodes, each special includes an hour-long documentary, Doctor Who Confidential.  These are typically well-made and informative shows that die-hard fans will appreciate.  Most everyone else will probably watch them once (if at all) and not again.<br /><br />More interesting (to me, anyway) is \\"Doctor Who at the Proms,\\" an hour-long special.  It features the music of the show performed live at the Royal Albert Hall.  But this is no mere concert; it features actors in costume as Cybermen, Judoon, etc. that interact with the audience.  And it's hosted by Freema Aygemen, with an appearance by Catherine Tate.<br /><br />As I said at the outset, these shows look fantastic on Blu-ray.  If you're a fan, this is really a no-brainer.  As Doctor Who moves into a new era with a new actor in the role, it's very gratifying to know that BBC is providing fans with the best possible versions of these final adventures with the 10th Doctor.br />THE END OF TIME: This two-parter was the end of David Tennant's tenure as the famous Time Lord.  While confronting his own mortality, the Doctor also must face the enemy who knows him best. . .and the power of a forgotten race that is using the power of time itself to reshape its own destiny.  It's a bit of a mixed bag (particularly part 1), but it's still highly engaging and a fitting resolution to the 10th Doctor's journey.<br /><br />As with the individual season episodes, each special includes an hour-long documentary, Doctor Who Confidential.  These are typically well-made and informative shows that die-hard fans will appreciate.  Most everyone else will probably watch them once (if at all) and not again.<br /><br />More interesting (to me, anyway) is \\"Doctor Who at the Proms,\\" an hour-long special.  It features the music of the show performed live at the Royal Albert Hall.  But this is no mere concert; it features actors in costume as Cybermen, Judoon, etc. that interact with the audience.  And it's hosted by Freema Aygemen, with an appearance by Catherine Tate.<br /><br />As I said at the outset, these shows look fantastic on Blu-ray.  If you're a fan, this is really a no-brainer.  As Doctor Who moves into a new era with a new actor in the role, it's very gratifying to know that BBC is providing fans with the best possible versions of these final adventures with the 10th Doctor.
B00006FDCJ|5.0|This is a great addition to Eastwood's video collection. Some great real life issues presented, so it's entertaining as well as educational.
0385523904|5.0|Demick vividly relates the lives of North Korean defectors with compassion and great detail.  I was a little disappointed that she never reveals whether they still admired Kim Il Sung after having lived in South Korea(they certainly hated Kim Jong Il), but that's a minor gripe.  The theme of disintegration of North Korean society is chillingly well told, and rivals any fictional post-apocalypse.  Highly recommended.
B00002493G|5.0|Intended as a wedding present for his bride Iman this album was to be the follow up to 1987's[[ASIN:B00001OH81 Never Let Me Down]], an album many people didn't seem to like. Teaming up again with Nile Rodgers along with old veterans Mick Ronson and the Art Ensamble Of Chicago's trumpeter Lester Bowie the Thin White Duke re-emmerged here with what amounts up to a 90's reimagining of the \\"plastic soul\\" soul sound that he made famous with [[ASIN:B00001OH7T Young Americans]]in the 70's and [[ASIN:B00001OH7Z Let's Dance]] in the decade before this. The lyrics are very romantic and poet and....yes as one reviewer put it a little awkward and detatched in places but with someone as...sexually ambiguous as David Bowie it was to be expected. Songs like \\"The Wedding\\" have a pronounced gospel influence and songs like the title song,\\"Jump They Say\\" (especially on the JB styled remix in the bonus cuts) and the hooky \\"Miracle Goodnight\\" Bowie throws down some very hard and atonal 90's style funk with Lester's atonal trumpet playing added a much appreciated avante garde jazz flavor. The disco-dance flavored instrumental \\"Looking For Lester\\" also makes good use of the two Bowie's talents to great affect. The slower \\"Don't Let Me Down & Down\\" and the faster \\"I Feel Free\\" are the two cuts here with the most pronounced 80's production and somehow they work with the albums normally more up-to-the minute flavors that you'll find on \\"You've Been Around\\",\\"Night Flights\\",\\"Palla's Athena\\" and the bonus cut \\"Lucy Can't Dance\\". The feel of those songs are of disco inspired modelling runaway style grooves. I imagine the inspiration of Iman's career had some play on the nature of the sound. The album ends with a slower version of the gospel soul inspired sound of the opener on \\"I Know It's Gonna Happen Again Someday\\". This sounds like one of those albums that's very overlooked and for some reason went mildly ignored in it's day. Perhaps being one of a handful of Bowie's release that shied away from rock n roll and more toward a funk/disco style of music might be part of the reason. But as something of a preview to where Bowie would be going the rest of the decade this album is not only entertaining but has a lot to say on it's own.ease that shied away from rock n roll and more toward a funk/disco style of music might be part of the reason. But as something of a preview to where Bowie would be going the rest of the decade this album is not only entertaining but has a lot to say on it's own.
0385504225|3.0|This will be short and to the point. I was enthralled with Brown's fast-paced thriller until the last twenty pages or so. At which point I not only couldn't wait to put the book down, but had to force myself to finish it. What a way to ruin a good story (yes, I realize this is not a piece of well-written, great literature or deep, mind-boggling earth-shattering philosophy -- it is exactly what it is) by not knowing when or how to let go of it after the climax. What was, for close to 480 pages, a proverbially exciting page-turner turned in the last few chapters into a maddeningly boring, preachy, interminable New-Age sermon that made me sorry I read the damn thing in the first place. I can only guess that all of the reviewers that I read who didn't comment on this point decided to quit reading while they were ahead and never got to experience this exasperating let down. Brown, you owe your readers a huge apology. Or else you should be forced to climb up the Washington Monument, one step at a time -- on your knees.
055357342X|5.0|The Battle of the Blackwater has radically shifted the balance of power in the War of the Five Kings. The Lannisters and Tyrells are now allied together, granting the boy-king Joffrey a vast army against which it appears that Robb Stark, the King in the North, and his allies cannot stand. In the distant lands beyond the Wall, Jon Snow has infiltrated the wildlings to learn more about their plans and objectives, but finds his loyalties torn when he learns that even the free folk have their own codes of honour. And, far beyond the eastern seas, Daenerys Targaryen attempts to hire an army of warriors to her cause from the stinking cities of Slaver's Bay, and decides to bring justice and freedom to these lands, despite it delaying her return home to Westeros.    A Storm of Swords is both the third volume of A Song of Ice and Fire and, individually, the finest work of epic fantasy published since at least The Silmarillion in 1977. George R.R. Martin's writing skills in the first book were good, better in the second and hit impressive new heights here in the third, with growing layers of description and writing giving the Seven Kingdoms more colour and more depth with each passing volume. The characterisation remains strong, and in A Storm of Swords Martin delivers one of his masterstrokes by upgrading the hitherto villainous and reprehensible Jaime Lannister to full POV status. By taking us into the head of one of the 'bad guys' and showing us what makes him tick without descending into cliche (Jaime is still a dangerous and somewhat unpleasant character), Martin achieves some very fine character description and growth.    Elsewhere, Swords gives us some of the most out-and-out memorable moments in fantasy fiction in a long time. The duel between the Red Viper and the Mountain That Rides, several confrontations between Tyrion and his father, two certain weddings, the epic battle of the Wall, Bran and his companions' journey northwards and much more all resonate very strongly indeed. There is also some very nice subtlety, such as Meera's 'story' which is clearly not just a story, and Daenerys' realisation that having royal blood isn't enough, she must also earn her crown through experience and wisdom nicely subverts some of the more dubious cliches of fantasy fiction centering on noble families ruling through 'divine right' alone.    There is one slight cause for concern: Martin's writing definitely becomes more descriptive with each passing novel, contributing to their growing sizes and page-counts. Arguably not much more happens, in terms of sheer important incidents, in Storm than in Thrones, but the book is over a third longer. Whilst the pacing and writing quality remains superb in this volume, this growth in size and depth does evoke troubling memories of what happened to Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series around its sixth volume. Also, whilst it's not a problem for Storm, the decision to hold back some story developments from the end of Storm (where they chronologically belong, such as the ironborn kingsmoot and so on) for the then-planned five-year-gap (and later inserted into Feast instead) does contribute to some of the writing issues in the two subsequent novels, and their resultingly epic writing times. On the plus side, this does result in Storm having a very strong and somewhat final ending. It's certainly not a full resolution of all the stories in progress, but those stories are 'plateaued' or put on hold in a manner that does not demand immediate resolution (probably why the wait for Feast was not as onerous for many fans as the one for Dance is at the moment). For those put off from reading A Song of Ice and Fire so far due to its incomplete status, the fact that you can read the first three books alone and reach a natural pausing point rather than a cliffhanger may be useful information.    A Storm of Swords (*****) is an excellent fantasy novel, rich in memorable characters, classic moments, fierce battles, quieter moments of reflection and some almost stomach-churning moments of genuine shock and betrayal. It remains unmatched among modern epic fantasy novels (although some have come close to unseating it) for combining a sheer epic scope and a real sense of humanity at the same time.
B00275EGWY|5.0|Like it or not, THE HURT LOCKER is one of the front-runners for best picture at the Academy Awards this year, and is more than likely going to win it, unless AVATAR manages to impress the rather sporadic likes of the Academy officials. I cannot attest to the film's portrayal of the military overseas, since I'm not an enlisted man, so all I can do is judge this film on the impression it made on me. And based on that, I hope this movie does walk away with that award.<br /><br />The film doesn't have a set story, because war is never all that predictable. It follows a group of three soldiers in the U.S. Army's Explosive Ordinance Disposal team (EOD) as they move from mission to terrifying mission through war-torn Iraq. It's odd how there's very little I can say about the plot, because it really is all about the trade of defusing IED's throughout the country. But the events are shown with such intensity, and such attention to detail, that I really couldn't tell if the next bomb would be the one to kill the main characters, or if they would hopefully make it out safe.<br /><br />Jeremy Renner gives an outstanding performance as Staff Sergeant William James, who begins to embody the quote that is provided at the start of the movie: war is a drug. He has a mad obsession to thwart his faceless enemy's creations that borders on heated competition and hatred, and he quickly begins to lose himself in it all. He gives the impression of a man who accepted his fate in such a dangerous profession a long time ago, and acts with the abandon that such emotional freedom provides. If he doesn't at the very least get nominated for best actor of the year, I will be disappointed.<br /><br />The set pieces are set up and shot so brilliantly. The quick cuts and an almost paranoid sense of direction add to the feeling of anxiety that each defusal mission. I was tense and almost frightened by what could happen on each outing, and I didn't relax until the three main characters were safely back at Camp Victory. A movie that can do that has instantly earned my admiration.<br /><br />THE HURT LOCKER is not so much meant to be watched, but rather, to be experienced. I loved this film's ability to conjure tense situations and link them together with more-than-likable characters. And I respect the filmmakers' decision to leave politics at the door, and create a movie that has nary a hint of bias in regards to a stance on the war overseas.e that can do that has instantly earned my admiration.    THE HURT LOCKER is not so much meant to be watched, but rather, to be experienced. I loved this film's ability to conjure tense situations and link them together with more-than-likable characters. And I respect the filmmakers' decision to leave politics at the door, and create a movie that has nary a hint of bias in regards to a stance on the war overseas.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|I will admit it. I've never really liked Emma as story. It's the truth. I always felt she was arrogant and a little ridiculous. While I, of course, appreciate the humor and comedic moments, I just never fell in love with the characters. . . until I watched this little gem. In this film Johnny Lee Miller is an absolute dream as the practical, patient, opinionated Mr. Knightley--wonderfully full of angst, a bit of jealousy, and good, noble intentions. Emma was likeable, even loveable. You see why she does what she does, and how she develops and learns. You see how her worldview has been colored by her doting, but very overprotective father, who never let her out of his sight. You see why Mr. Knightley lectures her and what behaviors she exhibits around Mr. Frank Churchill that he abhors. And they argue. a lot. Delicious, frustration-tinged argue. It's wonderful. I also love that you are given more access to Jane Fairfax and Harriet Smith and especially Miss Bates. You see her perpetually optimistic chatter as a means of warding off the insufferable loneliness and hopeliness of her situation, making Emma's mockery all the more potent and hurtful. Her preoccupation with Jane's accomplishments are a way to comfort and to assure her that she and her mother did the right thing in sending her away, giving her wonderful opportunities (and that those opportunities might one day be a way out of penury for herself and her mother). As Miss Bates chatters, Mrs. Bates falls more and more silent--the one trying to balance out the other. All characters evolves; you see it. Harriet is sweet and innocent. Mrs. Elton is snobbish and bossy. It is a wonderful, wonderful adaptation, both comedic and dramatic and especially romantic.
B000ZECQ08|5.0|This movie is awesome! I love it and I cannot wait for the next movie in the series to come out already!!!
B002KDUDG6|5.0|I keep waiting for a Buble album to disappoint, but I'll have to wait longer.  \\"Crazy Love\\" is vintage Buble -- a variety of classics and pop.  Buble's innovative arrangements are the most creative in the business and superbly played by his A+ orchestra.  Like his others, I can listen to this album over and over without getting bored.  A real treat.
0061703257|1.0|The \\"surprise\\" ending doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out. You keep hoping that the author won't really go there, but he does.  Don't make an investment in this one.
B002VPE1AM|3.0|Ok right up front the CGI was awesome, the best I have ever seen and the whole avatar concept was brilliant, but that's about all the praise I have for the film.<br /><br />The detractors were the preachy plot that was so filled with banal clich&eacute;s, 3D effects that were less than stellar, over-the top acting that seemed to be there to re-enforce the tired clich&eacute;s and an overall condescending preachy message that truly made me feel I was being spoken down too.<br /><br />In the end I came away disappointed I wanted to be entertained instead I sat through a sermon, I wanted to me mentally challenged instead I had a highly formulaic movie that held no surprises. This movie could have been so much more.<br /><br />3 Stars for the CGI and overall concept, probably should rate it only 2 but don't want to be attacked too much.
B000F0UV0E|5.0|Emmylou Harris and Mark Knopfler, two great people that sound great together. If you have ever been a fan of either one of these people, this cd will make you a fan of both.     Mark Knopfler wrote most of the songs for this cd. Emmylou wrote two. Every cut is a winner. Mark is up to his usual standards of exelence on both the lyrics and the music. Emmylou Harris's songs are also beyond reproach.     For whatever reason you pick up this cd, it will leave you looking for more by each of these artists. It is a wonderful cd and leaves me hoping that they team up again.[[ASIN:B000F0UV0E All the Roadrunning]]
B0027JTI4Q|5.0|John Grisham, known for his great lawyer novels, steps out of the courtroom and writes this hysterical novel about the Kranks. This novel was made into an extremely dissappointing movie, \\"Christmas with the Kranks\\". The movie wasn't even 10% as good as the novel. Anybody who is in need of a side-splitting novel to help get you into the Christmas spirit needs to read this novel. It can be read as a Family (children 6+) during the Christmas season, just watch out for the 2, maybe 3, curse words that I can recall.
630542845X|5.0|This is such a classic movie that's charged with depth & somewhat hidden understanding as to the connection we all share with each other & the universe around us as energy particles.  This is a great film that reveals alot of what goes on with us as somewhat temporal beings & 1 special young man who sees & understands all of it.  The ending is somewhat sad yet deeply touching for those whom understand the meaning.  A great movie & I highly recommend it.
B000002O51|3.0|Tom Scholz's company, which manufactured the \\"Rockman\\", was a client of my ad agency.  Besides designing the sales materials for their many various mobile audio and performance products, we aso did some a lot of promotion work for their rock group, \\"Boston.\\"            This particular album cover was put together by me, from an idea drawing provided by a fan of the group, with me as the Senior Art Director for the agency handling the project.              The spaceship is, in reality, a top-down view of the organ in the Old North Church, in the city of Boston, with the \\"Boston\\" signature spacecraft in the area where the keyboard would normally be.            You really had to be a die-hard \\"Boston\\" fan to really enjoy this album --which I wasn't.  However, the vinyl album cover is still in my design portfolio.
1416572287|5.0|\\"How to Teach Physics to Your Dog\\" is a great book for learning the basic theories of quantum mechanics.  After reading this book, I feel like I can carry on a somewhat intelligible conversation about quantum physics.<br /><br />I've always been interested in physics, but never had a desire to do the elementary work in physic that builds a person up to the theoretical portions.  I remember falling asleep in a physics lab during an experiment involving rolling balls down an incline.  I definitely didn't feel like falling asleep while reading this book though.<br /><br />The author did a great job describing the \\"why\\" of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle.  I also enjoyed the sections about non-locality, which was a completely new topic for me.  I found myself thinking about this book often while I was reading and afterwards too.  I enjoy thinking about difficult concepts, so this book was great for me.<br /><br />You don't need to know anything about math or physics in general to get something out of this book.  I recommend it to anyone who wants to understand the basics of quantum mechanics.
0385338910|5.0|Tropper takes what could have been a maudlin, \\"sorry for myself\\" happening and turns it into a laugh riot.  Oh there are very sad passages but the humor far outweighs the sorrow.  A little too much use of four letter words but by the time you really get into the story, you're more or less used to that and even expect it.  A quick read because you can't wait to see what happens in the next chapter if not even in the next paragraph.
0385532458|5.0|While I will admit I've read quite a few of Grisham's works and have enjoyed them, they usually left me with the feeling that he had kept my interest by the pacing of his novels. He used short chapters and a fast moving plot to keep you from examining the characters. As another reviewer commented, I too had found my favorite work until \\"Ford County\\" had been \\"Playing for Pizza\\". I've read that Grisham considered these stories too short to flesh out to novel length but I found them to be his best work. He creates characters that seem, to me, to be more believable than most of his creations for his novels. You are able to feel his affection for his \\"homeland\\" tempered by his realization of its shortcomings. The final story in the book, \\"The Funny Boy\\" was particularly moving and a fitting finale to a great collection of stories. The man has got me interested in reading short fiction again!
1400063736|1.0|This is only the second book I have ever sent back.  I slogged through more than half of this book waiting for it to get good; Then I gave up and sent it back.    The tightrope walker was a spectacular event and the idea of the book was good.  However, the short stories were about various prostitutes, misfits, drug addicts, and others.  Why not include some normal people?  Some of the stories were poorly written and poorly connected.    I wonder why it was given such a good recommendation; maybe to sell the book?
0061120081|5.0|Ashlee Shively    1-25-10    Language Arts Per.6    Honors Book Review                            \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" is a compelling story about racism in the 1930's. Written by Harper Lee, who attended Huntington College, University of Alabama, and also spent a year as an exchange student at Oxford University in England, this is her only published novel. This book was published by J.B. Lippincott in 1960 and consists of 323 pages. \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" was awarded the Pulitzer Prize in 1961 and made into a major motion picture.                                    The setting takes place in a ficticious town named Maycomb, Alabama from 1933 to 1935. The main character and also the narrorator of the story is a young girl named Jean Louise Finch, but everyone calls her Scout. She is telling the story as an adult, but about her childhood. Another main character in the story is Scout's older brother, Jeremy Finch, Jem for short. Atticus is the father of Scout and Jem, an attorney, and Maycomb's state legislative representative. Then there is Dill, a boy who comes to stay with his aunt, the Finch's neighbor Miss Rachel, every summer.                                    The plot of the story is that Atticus agrees to defend a black man named Tom Robinson, accused of raping nineteen year old Mayella Ewell, which causes Scout and Jem to be tormented at school because people think their father is disgracing the town. Another part to the plot is that Jem, Dill, and Scout are constantly trying to get Arthur (Boo) Radley to come out of his house. The story was that Boo got into alot of trouble when he was a teenager, and he hadn't come outside since because his father kept him locked up.                                    The climax is when Bob Ewell, Mayella Ewell's father, tries to hurt Jem and Scout in the field behind their school Halloween night, but Boo Radley comes out and saves them, killing Bob in the process. Later, the town sherriff, Mr.Tate, states that while attacking the children, Bob Ewell stumbled into his own knife, accidently stabbing himself in the soft spot between his ribs. Mr. Tate does this to protect Arthur Radley. The theme of \\"To Kill A Mockingbird\\" is social class. I believe this is the theme because in the story it talks about how the people of Maycomb County despise the Ewells and the way they lived, and the Ewells despised colored people. But yet in court, a colored man had never been found not guilty against a white man, and that wasn't about to change.                                    This book is an amazing book because it shows very strong opinions and veiws on racism. It is a book with very strong vocabulary, which makes it a great book for any high school or college student.
B002RV01QI|5.0|Enya has such a distinct style and rhythm to her music that it is great as background. You find yourself humming to the beat.
B002GZQYMK|2.0|ok so this is the only muse album i havent bought and dont intend to. there are no great songs on here. every one of their other albums had some amazing songs on like Showbiz (Muscle Museum, Showbiz), Origins of Symmetry (New Born, Plug-in Baby, Citizen Erased), Absolution (Time is Running out, Stockholm Syndrome, Sing for Absolution, Butterflies and hurricanes), Black Holes and Revelations (Starlight, Map of the Problematique, Supermassive Black Hole) .... unfortunately, the Resistance, has nothing that I consider great, not even one great song. there's a couple of OK songs on here though. and I HATE the Queen influence in some of the songs, especially the harmonised squealy Queen vocals. very disappointing overall.  Absolution was probably their best album, and The Uprising is DEFINITELY their worst.
1591843162|5.0|It doesn't matter what age you read Linchpin? This GREAT FANTASTIC book will help you to understand the new economy and how to reap an enjoyable life in this economy. Seth Godin's book is a gift of art. Artfully written, artfully illustrated, artfully conveying information that kills the lizard in your brain and feeds your soul.<br /><br />The BIG AHA for me was ? There is no map! For years I've been looking for the rulebook, the instructions on how to be a success. I had never felt comfortable due to all the factory workers forcing me to conform, laughing at my ideas, trying to hold me back. Because of this book, I now understand that I was developing my own flight plan to a brighter future.<br /><br />This easy to read book will help you shoot the resisters and regain your ability to create a gift.
0764207407|4.0|I'm not sure how the die-hard fans of Jane Austen will feel about this \\"amplified\\" version of the  classic but I found it very interesting.  Having never read any of Jane Austen's books before (because I just have a really hard time getting interested in the regency genre), I found that this version actually piqued my interest.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the little tid-bits of information that were included throughout the book.  Several of the comments made me laugh out loud!  (Though I wonder if Jane Austen would appreciate the humor in it!)  For example, about halfway through the book, there's a conversation with \\"proper, flowery\\" English verbage between Elinor and Marianne, talking about a love interest.  Then, in the side note it says:  [7] As Beyonce says: Put a ring on it!  (page 173)  LOL!<br /><br />I really enjoyed the \\"tone\\" of the comments and notes - it kept the book very current for me and made it easy (and fun!) to read.  The notes are on almost every page of the book and include historical and cultural details, definitions from the early 1800's in England, facts and trivia about Jane Austen's life, comments on the characters and plot, themes of faith drawn from the novel or Jane Austen's life, and various other references.<br /><br />There are also conversation questions in the back of the book which make this perfect for a group discussion.
B000JML7EC|5.0|This classic book should be a must read for anyone of any age. I read this book when I was a kid, all of 15 years ago, and got just as much enjoyment out of it now as I did then.
1595141715|4.0|\\"Thirteen Reasons Why\\" is one of those books that drew me in from the back cover. I really thought the premise was intriguing. It was a compelling but difficult read emotionally. I kept hoping that somehow things would change for Hannah, a girl who I could so easily relate to. I know many girls who have been in Hannah's shoes. I had been there. I think many teenagers can relate to the pain that Hannah went through. I also think that many have probably added a little salt into some wounds here and there. I see this as a story that gives the readers an opportunity to see how seemingly simple happenings can work together for good or not so good.<br /><br />Seeing how each incident brought Hannah closer to the choice she made is something that I think can be a helpful read for a teen, but more so if shared with an adult who is willing to talk about the issues that come up. I think there are many points that should be discussed as well as alternatives to each reaction and to each action. Also it is important to note that anyone can take their life. No one is immune to stings and barbs.<br /><br />I definitely got a lot out of this book and though long out of high school, am very glad I read it. This is a book that could really go a long way. I wildly recommend it!
B0024FAR5M|5.0|I bought SOA for my boyfriend's birthday, and I think I loved it more than him. Incredible story and even better characters. I can't wait until season 2 comes out on DVD, and September just can't come any sooner for the 3rd season. This is a must have DVD. You won't regret it. You'll just be asking for more SAMCRO.
B000002J6H|4.0|Let me add my voice to the chorus of complaints regarding the \\"official\\" review of Stephen Stills' first solo album. Stephen Stills was certainly not the most accomplished member of CSN&Y (I am a die-hard Rustie), but Stills IS and WAS CS&N. It was his band. It was his sound. It was his intrumental prowess. It was (mostly) his songs. Crosby and Nash were his backing singers, for crying out loud (albeit very, very good ones!).     I seldom come down hard publicly on anyone, but the assessment of Still's contributions to CS&N by the Amazon reviewer is one of the most astonishingly ignorant musical opinions I have ever read online (a rather strong statement, I think most of you will agree).    As to this particular album, if you played it for a novice they would believe it was a long lost CS&N album. It glories in the strong points of that illustrious and legendary group; alas, it suffers from their weaknesses when Neil Young was not part of the equation (occasionally too lush, California soft-rockish, or bombastic). But well worth the ride. Read the liner notes and dig Hendrix, Clapton, and other contributors. But it's Stills' gig.     (NOTE: I cannot vouch for the remastered version; I am reviewing the album as a work of art.)
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|\\"Perfect\\", \\"Wonderful\\" well put together movie.  From the acting to the beautiful scenery, It is truly a \\"Masterpiece\\"  Every little detail in this movie is perfect. The lead actors could not have been more perfect for this lovely tale.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|Rather than spoil the season for those who haven't seen it yet, I will offer my full endorsement.  The only thing that is lacking from Season 3 is the awesome interactions between Dexter and Doakes.<br /><br />However, there are new characters that will make up for that void.<br />Dexter is one of the best series of all time.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|I'm sure one more review here is unnecessary, especially one this brief, but I love this CD.  I don't normally buy dance music, but Lady Gaga is so talented and creative, you can't deny the music is good, even if it's not your style.  Some tunes are really catchy, a sign of a good pop tune.  You can hear the different musical influences in her work -- Madonna, Beatles, even Abba, etc. -- but it's not derivitive.  And the packaging is pretty cool too.  I can't wait to see where she goes with her music.  Crank this up to 11 and dance!
B000000993|4.0|When Tool put out [[ASIN:B00000098O Opiate]], the band seemed to be on an alternative rock path that was similar to what their contemporaries were pursuing, only with a darker sense of humor.  However, the EP was not a sign of things to come.  Sure the band had a lot of hard rocking parts in Undertow much like in Opiate, but the band started to spawn out into different territories and that was well documented in this album.  No, they weren't full-on into the art-metal that they would become known for in [[ASIN:B00000099Y Aenima]] or [[ASIN:B00005B36H Lateralus]] but this album prepared their fanbase (and perhaps the world) for that turn with this album.    Sure, you have the songs like \\"Sober\\" and \\"Prison Sex\\", which made it into radio singles because they could be played in 5 minutes, but with \\"Bottom\\" and \\"Flood\\" clocking in at over 7 minutes and with \\"Disgustipated\\" plodding down a dark and scary path for a rock album, the band was starting to show the musical direction and technicality that they would become known for.  Their work was good at this point but became fully realized as they matured as a group.  Be that as it may, there's still plenty of people out there who believe this to be Tool's best album for it's blend of simplicity and artistic merit, so who am I to rain on their parade?    So which track is my favorite?  Well, back when I was 11, I read about Tool in Hit Parader magazine and was interested to hear them.  Then I saw the video for \\"Sober\\" and was like \\"These guys aren't bad... I still kinda like Metallica better though\\" and went on with life.  A few months later as my dad was taking me to school, a brave DJ played the song \\"Crawl Away\\" over the air...    I've been a Tool fan ever since.
1591843162|4.0|Seth Godin continues to break new ground to help us shake off the old paradigms that shackle our occupations and therefore our lives. I kept wanting the same pull that I felt while reading Tribes, but it never came. Somehow, the narrative didn't connect as strongly with me as his previous books.    That said, this book may have more impact on me than any of his previous work. The first read-through was more of a shake-up, leaving me a little rattled but without any immediate ideas like Godin's books usually provide. I was fortunate to get an advanced copy, and wanted to review it for my blog, so I gave it another read. The second time through opened the flood gates, and the consistent pen-grabbing ideas made it difficult to finish the book.    I highly recommend this book. You cannot avoid being affected by it, and it's quite possible that the world will not avoid being affected by you as a result. I'll be buying several copies for people I care about.
B001DJLD1M|5.0|I am not a big fan of The Matrix, but it isn't bad to watch once in a while. Also the fact its all in a set for a good price was a win for me.
0061733199|2.0|Not a terrible book by any means, but many better titles are available on the subject. Did not go into the bin, actually made it into the box in the closet.    This book attempts to deal with too much subject matter, covering none in enough detail to help in the field.     Cannot recommend.
B00019074O|5.0|This I think would be a classic. I am not sure what I can say about it. The epicness of this movie can not be explained.
B002I9Z8DK|5.0|The cast finds themselves in the last movie that has all it's members present.  The acting is good from all involved.  There are even some appearances from other well known actors.  I bought this one for nostalgic purposes.  It was one of my favorite Star Trek movies.  The blu ray format does it justice.  Gorgeous picture and great sound.  Is a must buy for any Trekkie.
B002GSXKN8|5.0|I think this is really awesome. I had a hard time finding the ones I didn't have. But then I saw this. All four for a good price. I am really happy with this.    I also find that double sided DVDs are pretty interesting too. So long as are not lying around.
B002I9Z8B2|5.0|Blu ray does this epic movie justice.  Khan comes back to try and exact his revenge on Kirk after years of being marooned.  Colors look great, picture looks fantastic.  There are some scenes that look a little dated, but this movie is over 20 years old now, nearing 30!!  I remember seeing this in the theater as a kid.  Great sci-fi.  Blast me if you want, I don't care!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|If you love the Beatles, buy this. It sounds amazing and it has every Beatles song you can dream of.
1591843162|5.0|I cringed whenever an advisor, a parent, a counselor, or even a peer asked, \\"Is your resume ready/updated/typo-free?\\" I've never used a conventional resume and I've never NOT had work where I could apply my \\"art\\".     My portfolio to one of the finest art schools was NOT presented in the requested format.    I got in.     I ate your book in one sitting.    I was riveted as I read, \\"Indoctrination: How We Got Here\\".    I cried over every item listed in \\"Here's what we're teaching kids to do in school....\\"    I jumped for joy when I read, \\"Find a company that doesn't use a computer to scan resumes, a company that hires people, not paper.\\"    I stopped breathing on page 130 when I read, \\"Your work is to do the work, not to do your job. Your job is about following instructions; the work is about making a difference.\\"     \\"Linchpin\\" ...required reading.    Thank you for this gift.
B002UD56I6|5.0|Fantastic!  For Michael Jackson fans who love his music, \\"This Is It\\" represents Michael Jackson's commitment, his passion and his dedication to his music, sharing his love and a message to those around him but most importantly reaching out to his fans. On Blu-ray, fans can expect beautiful visuals but most of all, spectacular lossless audio and also enjoyable and inspiring special features.  Highly recommended!<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:78:1).  It's very important to emphasize that this was not a documentary that was planned and they had cameras for the sake of making a movie.  These are films that Michael Jackson had taped for his own personal video of the planning to the actual creation of his concerts and of course the rehearsals.<br /><br />This film was put together within a few months of going through hours upon hours of raw footage and then editing the various film stock (the footage is a mix of High Definition and Standard Definition footage) from the rehearsals and other footage behind-the-scenes.<br /><br />Fortunately, the majority of the footage used are from the high definition source and picture quality for those scenes are just awesome.  You get to see the detail of Michael Jackson's clothing, the various vibrant lighting during the rehearsals including the stage effects and even closeups of Michael Jackson clean shaven to a man with stubble.  Personally, with Michael Jackson having a talented crew, the coverage featured in this film is great and to watch on Blu-ray is very impressive.<br /><br />But where this film shines on Blu-ray is its lossless audio presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD MA.  My first impression was \\"Wow!\\".  Granted, these are rehearsal footage but it's one thing to hear the crystal clear dialogue through the centers and the music from the front channels but to hear sound being utilized through the surround channels and nice, clean bass thumping from the subwoofer was very cool!<br /><br />You can hear Jonathan Moffet's drums jamming while Michael Jackson starts dancing to \\"Billy Jean\\", Orianthi Panagris jamming on the electric guitar for \\"Black and White\\" and \\"Beat It\\" along with Tommy Morgan on guitar and of course, all the musicians and vocalists played a part in this film and it's awesome audio.  Music is just crystal clear and you can hear the nice separation at times with certain instruments on the surrounds but also hear the dancers and whoever is offstage just cheering on Michael Jackson as he's jamming on stage to the interaction with Michale and his backup vocalists or musicians.<br /><br />\\"It Might Get Loud\\" may be my favorite guitar-driven Blu-ray release for its soundtrack but \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\" just sounds fantastic.  Blu-ray fans will not be disappointed.  This is one of the better sounding musical documentaries I have seen on Blu-ray and heard via lossless yet.<br /><br />As for subtitles, \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\" is featured in English, French and English SDH.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\" comes with the following special features presented in 1080p High Definition and audio in English 5.1 Dolby Digital and English Stereo.  Included are:<br /><br />  * movieIQ - Featuring the \\"This Is It\\" Playlist and BD-Live connect you to real-time information on the cast, music, trivia and more while watching the movie! Also includes an interactive playlist where you can bookmark your favorite songs featured in the film and email yourself a customized playlist! NOTE: You need a profile 2.0 Blu-ray player (that connect online) to access movieIQ.<br />  * Thriller Vignettes - presented in 5.1 audio - (3:50) The full new short film for \\"Thriller\\" used as a vignette for the concert which was shown on a big LCD screen and would transition to the main performance of \\"Thriller\\".  This is a Blu-ray exclusive.<br />  * Smooth Criminal Vignettes - presented in 5.1 audio - (3:58) The full new short film for \\"Smooth Criminal\\" used as a vignette for the concert which was shown on a big LCD screen and would transition to the \\"Smooth Criminal\\" performance.  This is a Blu-ray exclusive.<br />  * Making Smooth Criminal - (11:08) Shooting the short film content for \\"Smooth Criminal\\" for \\"This Is It\\".  How they integrated Michael into a noir film using footage from \\"Gilda\\" (starring Rita Hayworth) and another film with Humphrey Bogart and Edward G. Robinson and how it was created.  Also, showing how Michael Jackson was very involved in the production.<br />  * Staging the Return - (40:46) A special program on Michael Jackson planning his return to the stage.  From clips of Michael Jackson announcing his return, to behind-the-scenes footage of the creation of the concert, set design to the \\"Earth Song\\" video and interviews with director Kenny Ortega and the crew and their memories of Michael Jackson.<br />  * The Gloved One - (15:11) A look at the costumes created for \\"This Is It\\" featuring costume designers Michael Bush and Zaldy.  The creation of the outfits and taking them to a new level and Zaldy explains how the costumes came about including an outfit filled with crystals and a metallic studded outfit inspired by samurai uniform to the shoes and more.<br />  * Memories of Michael- (16:19) Director Kenny Ortega, the producers and musicians talk about their experience working with Michael Jackson and how they were all inspired by him and how he was a great friend, father and performer.<br />  * Auditions: Searching for the World's Best Dancers - (9:50) A look at the auditions for the best professional dancers who would take part in Michael Jackson's \\"THIS IS IT\\".<br />  * Theatrical Trailer - (2:30) The original theatrical trailer.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />After watching \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\", I have to agree...this was the great concert that never happened.  I have never seen production design this incredible in my life and I have watched and reviewed many concerts from artists worldwide and have seen expensive concerts with extravagant to jaw dropping effects.  But after seeing this film and what they had planned, I don't think anyone has come close to the amount of work that was done for \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\".<br /><br />Aside from the awesome vocals, music and choreography that you would expect from a Michael Jackson concert, just seeing the short films that were created for the concert was impressive, the props such as a giant motorized robotic-like spider to a bulldozer coming on stage was amazing to seeing fire going around stage and even a Kevlar jacket that Michael Jackson would wear that would catch on fire.<br /><br />Michael Jackson and his entire team who were working on this concert definitely set the bar higher than anyone in the world has done for their concert and that is why it was so important to have this documentary to be seen.  This was a documentary that showed a man who was involved in the entire process of the creation of the concert, immersing himself in getting prepared and ready but most of all, making sure that because this was his final curtain call, these concerts were definitely his way of going out with a bang.<br /><br />The concerts may not have happened but because of what we see in this film, although the main people watching him were the crew, dancers and technicians, now the entire world has a chance to see the greatest concert that never happened.  But most of all, a chance to see the King of Pop one final time and see how much sweat tears they put into this production.<br /><br />The Blu-ray release of \\"Michael Jackson's  THIS IS IT\\" is fantastic.  A good number of special features that will make fans happy and again, this is one of the best music films/documentaries in HD for its incredible lossless audio.  Again, this was a film that was created by putting hours of footage together and editing it to make a film.  The footage was never intended to be used for a feature film or documentary.<br /><br />The fact that director Kenny Ortega and crew not only had it ready for the theater, there was not one scene where I got bored, nor was there a scene which I felt could have been left out.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\" is one Blu-ray release that fans of Michael Jackson and his music should own.  Absolutely fantastic and highly recommended!th extravagant to jaw dropping effects.  But after seeing this film and what they had planned, I don't think anyone has come close to the amount of work that was done for \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\".    Aside from the awesome vocals, music and choreography that you would expect from a Michael Jackson concert, just seeing the short films that were created for the concert was impressive, the props such as a giant motorized robotic-like spider to a bulldozer coming on stage was amazing to seeing fire going around stage and even a Kevlar jacket that Michael Jackson would wear that would catch on fire.    Michael Jackson and his entire team who were working on this concert definitely set the bar higher than anyone in the world has done for their concert and that is why it was so important to have this documentary to be seen.  This was a documentary that showed a man who was involved in the entire process of the creation of the concert, immersing himself in getting prepared and ready but most of all, making sure that because this was his final curtain call, these concerts were definitely his way of going out with a bang.    The concerts may not have happened but because of what we see in this film, although the main people watching him were the crew, dancers and technicians, now the entire world has a chance to see the greatest concert that never happened.  But most of all, a chance to see the King of Pop one final time and see how much sweat tears they put into this production.    The Blu-ray release of \\"Michael Jackson's  THIS IS IT\\" is fantastic.  A good number of special features that will make fans happy and again, this is one of the best music films/documentaries in HD for its incredible lossless audio.  Again, this was a film that was created by putting hours of footage together and editing it to make a film.  The footage was never intended to be used for a feature film or documentary.    The fact that director Kenny Ortega and crew not only had it ready for thetheater, there was not one scene where I got bored, nor was there a scene which I felt could have been left out.    Overall, \\"Michael Jackson's THIS IS IT\\" is one Blu-ray release that fans of Michael Jackson and his music should own.  Absolutely fantastic and highly recommended!
B002WIDRM6|3.0|Lady A's first disc was a revelation, well written, sung and produced. This is the new one, and it sounds like a sophomore slump to me. It could have been titled Playin' It Safe. Trying to remake the first disc because it sold is always a bad idea. They seem to be caught up in filling in a superstar resume(Grammy nods? Check. Tour with big name(Tim McGraw) in stadiums for maximum exposure? Check.) and not making a fresh edgy disc that would give them some longevity to their career. It all sounds kinda focus-group; a bit of U2 there, drippy piano ballad here, and there are too many references to lovers being \\"like kids\\". Lady A needs to stop looking at the spreadsheets their management sends them daily and sit down with the guitar and a bottle of Pinot Noir and write some classics (this band can definitely write songs!) and stop worrying about how many units Target is gonna sell at 8.99..........
B002WY65UQ|4.0|We are the Best.  So screw the rest.  We do as we damn well please!  Until the end...  St. Trinian's.  Defenders of anarchy!<br /><br />\\"St. Trinian's\\", the fictional girls boarding school created by English cartoonist Ronald Searle and spawned several books in the late 40's and early 50's,  five comedy films from the early 1950's through the 1980's and now a reboot in 2007.  The film which cost around £7 million to make, earned over £12 million in the UK but is among the top grossing independent British films made and one of the top selling DVD's in the UK in 2008.<br /><br />The film had a brief run in the US in Oct. 2009 to help generate interest in the second film \\"St. Trinian's 2: The Legend of Fritton's Gold\\" which was released in theaters in the UK in Dec. 2009 and now a US DVD release of the first film in Jan. 2010.<br /><br />In this reboot, St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls features an all-star cast from the UK.  Starring Rupert Everett (Stardust, Shakespeare in Love, Inspector Gadget), Colin Firth (Mamma Mia!, Bridget Jones's Diary), Lena Headey (\\"Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles,\\" Vacancy), comedian Russell Brand (Forgetting Sarah Marshall) and Caterina Murino (Casino Royale). Also starring Mischa Barton (\\"The O.C.,\\" \\"The Beautiful Life\\"), Talulah Riley (The Boat That Rocked) and Gemma Arterton (Quantum of Solace, Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time), with a cameo appearance by U.K. sensation GIRLS ALOUD.<br /><br />The school which had been depicted as the girl school where the bad girls attend.  In the original films, these female students were daughters of gangsters, crooks and shady bookmakers.  But in the 2007 revision, the students are broken down to groups from the Chavs, the Posh Totty's, Geeks, Emo's and the first years.<br /><br />\\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" revolves around Annabelle Fritton (played by Talulah Riley), daughter of Carnaby Fritton (played by Rupert Everett) who has left her previous school and will attend the school which is headed by her aunt Camilla Fritton (also played by Rupert Everett).  Carnaby leaves his daughter at the school but to find out that St. Trinian's is behind on payments and if they don't pay their bill, the school will be foreclosed.  But Camilla tends to not bother with the collection notices.<br /><br />As for Annabelle, she  immediately sees that the school is quite unkempt and their students are a bit different from her previous school.  She is given an introduction by head student, Kelly (played by Gemma Arterton) and is introduced to various groups in the school and also receives an initiation of sorts when she has goo dropped on her head and feathers stuck all over her.  To make things worse, while she takes a shower, the girls at school stream her shower through YouTube and steal all her clothing.  Immediately, Annabelle wants out of the school and tries to call her father to get her out to no avail.  She must stay.<br /><br />We see how education is done at the school of St. Trinian's.  The school tries to make lab-made vodka and have their teacher Flash Harry (played by Russell Brand) sell it for them to make a profit, foreign language teacher Miss Maupassant (played by Caterina Murino) can be seen teaching wearing S&M tight leather clothing and a whip, one teacher for art class who uses his body to pose in the nude for his students, another who teaches students how to fire weapons and possibly, the most sane teacher is the new teacher Miss Dickinson (played by Lena Headey) who was just hired.  And a former head student turned PR guru JJ French (played by Mischa Barton) who teaches the Posh Totty girls on how to look smart.<br /><br />Needless to say that the school has a bad reputation and thus education minister Geoffrey Thwaites (played by Colin Firth) wants to use St. Trinian as an example to raise the standards for other schools and will do what he can to make the country know how bad of a school St. Trinian's truly is.<br /><br />Meanwhile, the collectors have given St. Trinian's a few weeks to come up with their payment or else the school will be shut down.  Fearing that they will have to go to a normal school, the students of St. Trinian's come up with a plan to pull of a major heist and sell the painting in order to get the money to pay the collectors with the support of the school's owner Ms. Fritton.  Will they be able to pull it off?<br /><br />The main students featured on \\"St. Trinian's\\" are:<br /><br />  * Annabelle Fritton (played by Talulah Riley, \\"Pride and Prejudice\\", \\"Doctor Who\\", \\"The Summer House) - A normal student who can't understand why her father sent her to St. Trinian's.  Daughter of Carnaby Fritton.  She slowly becomes one of the girl's at St. Trinian and goes through a major makeover in the first film.<br />  * Kelly (played by Gemma Arterton, \\"Prince of Persia: Sands of Time\\", \\"Quantum of Solace\\", \\"Clash of the Titans\\") - The head student and all students listen to whatever she says.<br />  * Taylor (played by Kathryn Drysdale) - The student most likely to get in your face.  An aggressive student and part of the Chav's.<br />  * Celia (played by Juno Temple, \\"Year One\\", \\"Atonement\\") - Part of the Chav's who uses her Internet instinct to help out the Posh-Totty's and has a weird hairdo.<br />  * Tara and Tania (played by Holly and Cloe Mackie) - The Soprano-like twins of the group \\"First Years\\".  These girls are very smart when creating things in the lab, making of explosives and more.<br />  * Polly (played by Lily Cole, \\"The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus\\") - Polly is the top of the geeks at St. Trinian's.  A hacker and gifted computer genius.<br />  * Andrea (played by Paloma Faith, \\"The Imaginarium of Doctor Parnassus\\") - Andrea is a member of the Emo's.<br />  * Chloe (played by Antonia Bernath), Chelsea (played by Tamsin Egerton) and Peaches (played by Amara Karan) - Chloe, Chelsea and Peaches are members of the Posh Totty's.  The fashionably, spoiled rich students.<br />  * Beverly (played by Jodie Whitaker, \\"Wish 143', \\"White Wedding\\") - The secretary of St. Trinian's and knows how students and faculty can get a buzz.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" for the most part is filmed inside a school.  Blacks are nice and dark, an adequate amount of film grain and is presented in 1:85:1 anamorphic widescreen.<br /><br />As for audio, the film is presented in English 5.1 Dolby digital.  For the most part, the film is front and center channel driven with dialogue and music quite clear.  There are some scenes with explosions that utilize the subwoofer but for the most part, the film is dialogue and music driven.<br /><br />Subtitles are in English and English SDH.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" comes with a few special features. Included are:<br /><br />  * The Official School Diary- (9:56) Behind the scenes of the making of \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\".  Featuring interviews with the two directors Oliver Parker and Barnaby Thompson, Rupert Everett, Colin Firth, Gemma Arterton, Jodie Whittaker, Toby Jones, Russell Brand, Tamsin Egerton and more.  Rupert Evertt talks about playing two roles, the talent working with two directors, filming on location and working with Girls Aloud.<br />  * Bloopers - (5:46) Featuring bloopers from \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\".<br />  * Girls Aloud - St. Trinian's Chant - (4:34) The music video featuring an extended version of the Girls Aloud performance shown at the ending of the film.<br />  * Deleted Scenes - (18:01) A total of 19 deleted scenes.<br />  * Previews - Upcoming releases from Sony Pictures Home Entertainment<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />This movie is definitely not your parent's \\"St. Trinian's\\" that they grew up with watching when they were younger, this 2007 reboot is a whole new comedy sporting an all-star case featuring on a new group of bad girls of today's generation ofInternet users, member of a school click...may they be a geek, emo, chav or posh.  \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" is much more rude, crude but depending on your sense of humor, you may find it quite entertaining in an unusual way.<br /><br />Despite the negative critic reviews the film has received, the fact that the independent film has done well in the box office and it has done well in DVD sales in the UK, now has a sequel with talks of a third film being made, definitely shows you how this film has amassed a cult following.  Intriguing as well as the actresses who have gone on to bigger projects since the making of the first film, most have all returned for the sequel as well.<br /><br />At first, I was sort of expecting something a film along the same style of the original 1954 film \\"The Belles of St. Trinian's\\" but with a twist and more modern but what we got is a more, girl-power driven comedy utilizing a more modern feel of today's generation, working together for the greater good for their school in the most obnoxious, crazy, campy but yet hilarious kind of way.<br /><br />Similar to the original film which had Alastair Sim playing both the headmistress and her brother, Rupert Everett takes on the role of Camilla and Carnaby Fritton.  For the most part, it was a bit scary at first to see Rupert in drag but for the most part but you kind of ease into the role because the film is quite campy but yet funny.  Colin Firth as usual, very good with his deadpan humor.<br /><br />Those who wonder about the top billing of other well-known talents such as Lena Heady, Russell Brand and Mischa Barton, its important to emphasize that the main talents are the students themselves, especially Talulah Riley and Gemma Arterton.  Brand is featured a good number of times throughout the film, with Heady in second (has quite a few scenes that were cut and are on the deleted scenes) and Barton's role lasts around under two minutes.  So, for \\"The O.C.\\" fans wondering if Barton plays one of the main students in the film, she's doesn't.  And why she is receiving top billing on the DVD, I'm guessing it is to attract American fans who may not be familiar with any of the UK talent.<br /><br />\\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" is not a a great film nor is it a bonafide stinker.  It's all about one's humor and their sensibilities.  This is not a politically correct film nor should those who enjoyed the original films, look for anything close to it.  Personally, I think some going to the film to see something close to the original may find the campiness and ridiculous gags a bit too much for them but for some with an open mind to the film's style of comedy, you can find some enjoyment because it is so unusual and crazy. And personally, I feel that Happy Madison or Apatow-related films have made me a bit more lenient towards these types of comedy related films and by the end of \\"St. Trinian's\\", I was content by it.  I found it to be a wild, crazy and fun film!<br /><br />Parents who have seen trailers of the film and saw many children on it, don't be fooled.  This is not a kid's film, thus the PG-13 rating.  In fact, these younger kids in the film are making vodka and other unusual concoctions in their lab, using explosives and up to some kind of trouble.<br /><br />As for those who are wondering about the \\"girl power\\" theme, it's nothing like \\"Mean Girls\\" of one trying to achieve popularity.  These girls are the outcasts of their school and find solace at St. Trinian's because they feel like they belong.  Sure, they may be amongst a group of troublemakers or depressed individuals but they enjoy being at that school and thus, the will do what they can to fight for their school.  I think the lyrics to the theme by Girls Aloud describes these girls in the best manner:  We are the Best.  So screw the rest.  We do as we damn well please!  Until the end...  St. Trinian's.  Defenders of anarchy!<br /><br />As for the DVD, it's cool that there are a good amount of special features included.  I will say that there are some scenes that were included in the deleted scenes of the DVD that I wish was included in the final cut of the film.  I'm guessing that the filmmakers tried to get the duration down to 100 minutes and it is essentially the reason why there are so many deleted scenes (19) included on the DVD.<br /><br />Overall, \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" is a film that can appease the teenage girls with its \\"girl power\\" theme, especially the young Internet generation who are on YouTube digs music from Girls Aloud or a member of a certain type of school click. For the guys, seeing girls being bad or girls in their bra and panties with fishnet stockings are probably going to catch their attention and for the grownups, the cast which has a good share of older and younger talent is going to attract their attention, especially those who are curious about how different this film is from the original.<br /><br />Again, this film is not going to be for everyone.  Some may find the film too over-the-top, boorish, crude and all out ridiculous, while others may find it as an enjoyable 101-minute popcorn flick with wild and crazy British humor.  If you are part of the latter, then definitely give \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" a try, you may very well enjoy it!humor, you may find it quite entertaining in an unusual way.    Despite the negative critic reviews the film has received, the fact that the independent film has done well in the box office and it has done well in DVD sales in the UK, now has a sequel with talks of a third film being made, definitely shows you how this film has amassed a cult following.  Intriguing as well as the actresses who have gone on to bigger projects since the making of the first film, most have all returned for the sequel as well.    At first, I was sort of expecting something a film along the same style of the original 1954 film \\"The Belles of St. Trinian's\\" but with a twist and more modern but what we got is a more, girl-power driven comedy utilizing a more modern feel of today's generation, working together for the greater good for their school in the most obnoxious, crazy, campy but yet hilarious kind of way.    Similar to the original film which had Alastair Sim playing both the headmistress and her brother, Rupert Everett takes on the role of Camilla and Carnaby Fritton.  For the most part, it was a bit scary at first to see Rupert in drag but for the most part but you kind of ease into the role because the film is quite campy but yet funny.  Colin Firth as usual, very good with his deadpan humor.    Those who wonder about the top billing of other well-known talents such as Lena Heady, Russell Brand and Mischa Barton, its important to emphasize that the main talents are the students themselves, especially Talulah Riley and Gemma Arterton.  Brand is featured a good number of times throughout the film, with Heady in second (has quite a few scenes that were cut and are on the deleted scenes) and Barton's role lasts around under two minutes.  So, for \\"The O.C.\\" fans wondering if Barton plays one of the main students in the film, she's doesn't.  And why she is receiving top billing on the DVD, I'm guessing it is to attract American fans who may not be familiar with any of the UK talent.\\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" is not a a great film nor is it a bonafide stinker.  It's all about one's humor and their sensibilities.  This is not a politically correct film nor should those who enjoyed the original films, look for anything close to it.  Personally, I think some going to the film to see something close to the original may find the campiness and ridiculous gags a bit too much for them but for some with an open mind to the film's style of comedy, you can find some enjoyment because it is so unusual and crazy. And personally, I feel that Happy Madison or Apatow-related films have made me a bit more lenient towards these types of comedy related films and by the end of \\"St. Trinian's\\", I was content by it.  I found it to be a wild, crazy and fun film!    Parents who have seen trailers of the film and saw many children on it, don't be fooled.  This is not a kid's film, thus the PG-13 rating.  In fact, these younger kids in the film are making vodka and other unusual concoctions in their lab, using explosives and up to some kind of trouble.    As for those who are wondering about the \\"girl power\\" theme, it's nothing like \\"Mean Girls\\" of one trying to achieve popularity.  These girls are the outcasts of their school and find solace at St. Trinian's because they feel like they belong.  Sure, they may be amongst a group of troublemakers or depressed individuals but they enjoy being at that school and thus, the will do what they can to fight for their school.  I think the lyrics to the theme by Girls Aloud describes these girls in the best manner:  We are the Best.  So screw the rest.  We do as we damn well please!  Until the end...  St. Trinian's.  Defenders of anarchy!    As for the DVD, it's cool that there are a good amount of special features included.  I will say that there are some scenes that were included in the deleted scenes of the DVD that I wish was included in the final cut of the film.  I'm guessing that the filmmakers tried to get theduration down to 100 minutes and it is essentially the reason why there are so many deleted scenes (19) included on the DVD.    Overall, \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" is a film that can appease the teenage girls with its \\"girl power\\" theme, especially the young Internet generation who are on YouTube digs music from Girls Aloud or a member of a certain type of school click. For the guys, seeing girls being bad or girls in their bra and panties with fishnet stockings are probably going to catch their attention and for the grownups, the cast which has a good share of older and younger talent is going to attract their attention, especially those who are curious about how different this film is from the original.    Again, this film is not going to be for everyone.  Some may find the film too over-the-top, boorish, crude and all out ridiculous, while others may find it as an enjoyable 101-minute popcorn flick with wild and crazy British humor.  If you are part of the latter, then definitely give \\"St. Trinian's: School for Bad Girls\\" a try, you may very well enjoy it!
B002KANXXE|1.0|this is terrible. you cannot read it because the lines are all misaligned. a complete waste of money.
B002V9PEU4|3.0|A year after Arnold Schwarzenegger's \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\", in 1993, he followed up with the summer action film \\"Last Action Hero\\".<br /><br />The film was directed by John McTiernan (\\"Die Hard: With a Vengeance\\", \\"The 13th Warrior\\", \\"The Thomas Crown Affair\\") and a screenplay by Shane Black (\\"Lethal Weapon\\" films, \\"The Monster Squad\\", \\"The Last Boy Scout\\") and David Arnot (\\"The Adventures of Ford Fairlane\\").  The film featured cinematography by Dean Semler (\\"Bruce Almighty\\", \\"The Alamo\\", \\"The Longest Yard\\", \\"2012') and music by Michael Kamen (\\"X-Men\\", \\"Band of Brothers\\", \\"Frequency)\\".<br /><br />An expensive film which cost around $85 million, the film was literally a spoof on action films and would feature cameos from many stars around that time.  From Sharon Stone, Sylvester Stallone, Jean-Claude Van Damme, Ian McKellen, Tina Turner, Robert Patrick and many more.<br /><br />The film revolves around a boy named Danny Madigan (played by Austin O'Brien) who is a big fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger action films, especially his character Jack Slater.<br /><br />The problem with Danny is that he rarely goes to school and it's become a problem since he spends his time watching movies and his mother covers up for him.<br /><br />With the release of \\"Jack Slater IV\\", his friend Nick (played by Robert Prosky) who runs a very old rundown movie theater that is not doing so well, Jack gives him a sneak preview to catch the movie.  Nick also talks about how he was given a gold-ticket by Harry Houdini but never used it.<br /><br />Nick tears the ticket in half and gives Danny the other half and as Danny is getting involved and enjoying the film, the ticket starts to magically work and next thing you know, Danny is inside the film for \\"Jack Slater IV\\" and in this world, things work like the movies and not real life.<br /><br />As the film progresses and Danny sticks with Jack Slater and the two take on the bad guys which include the evil Englishman Benedict (played by Charles Dance).  But somehow along the way, Benedict steals Danny's ticket and has now cross over to the real world where Danny has come from.<br /><br />In the real world, Benedict starts to learn that bad guys can win and starts killing people and noticing that the police are not there to stop him.  So, Benedict comes up with an idea to stop Jack Slater and that is by killing off the real actor that plays him...Arnold Schwarznegger.<br /><br />Can Jack Slater and Danny stop Benedict in time?<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"Last Action Hero\\" is featured in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1).  Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has given this film a pretty good treatment as they have with \\"Cliffhanger\\" and \\"Air Force One\\" in which they kept the film as close to what we see on the big screen, including the fine layer of grain.<br /><br />For a film that is 17-years-old, the film looks good for its age and because there is so much happening throughout the film.  For example, in Danny's world, you can see how run down the theater is, old-style seats and everything is dark and there aren't any vibrant colors.  Until he goes into Jack Slater's world, then colors are vibrant and much better visuals.  Definitely a major improvement from the 2003 DVD of \\"Last Action Hero\\".<br /><br />Now, where this film shines is with its lossless audio soundtrack.  Featured in English, French, Portuguese 5.1 DTS-HD MA and Spanish 5.1, one thing that \\"Last Action Hero\\" had when it was first released in theaters was the fact it was the first film to utilize Sony's Dynamic Digital Sound.  Granted, at that time, many theaters weren't equipped to play SDDS but there was concentration on the film's audio and that is where this Blu-ray shines.<br /><br />The opening sequence alone shows you that the film is going to utilize all channels and thus bringing a more immersive soundscape as you hear gun shots, explosions, crashing metal, booms all through your front, surround and rear surround channels.  Subwoofer utilizes the booms and for the most part, this is the best I have ever heard from this film.  The lossless audio soundtrack for this 1993 film is very well-done!<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Last Action Hero\\" comes with no major special features but is BD-Live enabled with movieIQ which allows people to obtain real-time information of the cast, music, trivia while watching the film.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />When \\"Last Action Hero\\" first came out and when I watched in the theaters, I figured a pairing with director John McTiernan and Arnold Schwarznegger (known for their action films) would be a wonderful pairing.  But I can remember how impatient I was getting because the film seemed so long (especially at 131 minutes).  I felt that the arc where Danny is in Jack Slater's world tend to drag quite a bit.<br /><br />But I admit that I enjoyed how it was a satire of action films and also featured cameos by many celebrities.  By the third and final arc, things started to get more interesting as Jack Slater is pulled out of his magical world and now having to deal with this new world that he is quite unaware of.  For the most part, \\"Last Action Hero\\" was a good popcorn flick but I do remember that since it came right after \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\", there was high expectations.<br /><br />Needless to say, despite what the critics may have felt about the film, \\"Last Action Hero\\" did well in the worldwide box office and even some appreciating the film much more now than when it first came out in theaters back in 1993.<br /><br />For those who purchased the 2003 DVD and are big fans of the film, you maybe wondering if the Blu-ray is worth buying.  The bad news is that there are no special features on this Blu-ray unless you have BD-Live and you can take advantage of the movieIQ function.  But other than that, I'm still amazed that for a film that was quite expensive, featured so many talent did not have any featurette created for it.  No commentary, no theatrical trailer, there is no special features and to me, that's surprising.  But the Blu-ray is a major step up in picture and audio quality and that is where fans of the film will appreciate its HD release on Blu-ray.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Last Action Hero\\" on Blu-ray is literally a barebones Blu-ray release but for Schwarzenegger or McTiernan fans and those who truly enjoyed this film will definitely enjoy it much more with its video and audio upgrade.ss audio soundtrack for this 1993 film is very well-done!    Subtitles are presented in English, English SDH, French, Spanish and Portuguese.    SPECIAL FEATURES:    \\"Last Action Hero\\" comes with no major special features but is BD-Live enabled with movieIQ which allows people to obtain real-time information of the cast, music, trivia while watching the film.    JUDGMENT CALL:    When \\"Last Action Hero\\" first came out and when I watched in the theaters, I figured a pairing with director John McTiernan and Arnold Schwarznegger (known for their action films) would be a wonderful pairing.  But I can remember how impatient I was getting because the film seemed so long (especially at 131 minutes).  I felt that the arc where Danny is in Jack Slater's world tend to drag quite a bit.    But I admit that I enjoyed how it was a satire of action films and also featured cameos by many celebrities.  By the third and final arc, things started to get more interesting as Jack Slater is pulled out of his magical world and now having to deal with this new world that he is quite unaware of.  For the most part, \\"Last Action Hero\\" was a good popcorn flick but I do remember that since it came right after \\"Terminator 2: Judgment Day\\", there was high expectations.    Needless to say, despite what the critics may have felt about the film, \\"Last Action Hero\\" did well in the worldwide box office and even some appreciating the film much more now than when it first came out in theaters back in 1993.    For those who purchased the 2003 DVD and are big fans of the film, you maybe wondering if the Blu-ray is worth buying.  The bad news is that there are no special features on this Blu-ray unless you have BD-Live and you can take advantage of the movieIQ function.  But other than that, I'm still amazed that for a film that was quite expensive, featured so many talent did not have any featurette created for it.  No commentary, no theatrical trailer, there is no special features and to me, that's surprising.  But the Blu-ray is a major step up in picture and audio quality and that is where fans of the film will appreciate its HD release on Blu-ray.    Overall, \\"Last Action Hero\\" on Blu-ray is literally a barebones Blu-ray release but for Schwarzenegger or McTiernan fans and those who truly enjoyed this film will definitely enjoy it much more with its video and audio upgrade.
B00004W510|5.0|This album changed my life.  In 1969, I felt lost like so many others of my generation.  The Vietnam War raged on and on without a end in sight.  The dreams and visions of the Civil Rights movement had only been partially been fulfilled when Martin Luther King and Bobby Kennedy were both shot down the year before.  Despite the recent moon landing, America seemed to be coming apart at the seams.  For many of us, Richard Nixon personified exactly what was wrong with the country and I was ready to give up on America.      Then in the fall of 1969, I purchased \\"The Band\\" and I discovered how deep my roots and heritage in this country actually were.  This music permeated my soul, got under my skin, worked its way into my bones and blood and into my senses.  I could almost taste and smell this music, like smoked bacon sizzling on a big wood fired stove.  It grabbed and spoke to emotions that I did not know were even there.  It haunted me and took me to places that I somehow felt I had experienced before.  It located the heritage and roots that had lain dormant in my soul up until this time.  This was music about the common American psyche and experience.  It was music about the common man and woman -- the farmer, the union worker, the conman, the truckers, old folks in rocking chairs, the good time, the bad times, etc.  In fact, this music could have easily been about my grandparents or their parents for that matter.  It was like a musical museum of American life and the American experience.      This music is as real and honest as it gets.  It defies labels and description.  \\"The Band\\" has been my musical companion now for over 40 years.  It sounds as fresh and real now as it did when I first discovered it.  I have never heard anything like it before or since.  This music is in a category all by itself.    Thank you Robbie, Levon, Richard, Garth and Rick.
B002UZCJP2|3.0|In 2009, the film \\"Surrogates\\" directed by Jonathan Mostow (\\"Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines\\", \\"U-571') and starring Bruce Willis (\\"Die Hard\\" film, \\"Sin City\\", \\"The Sixth Sense\\", \\"Unbreakable\\") was released in theaters.<br /><br />An adaptation of the five issue comic book series of the same name by Robert Venditti and Brett Weldele featured top notch special effects and the film budgeted at $80 million received mix reviews and made only $60 million worldwide.<br /><br />Despite failing short of breaking even, the film will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on Jan. 26th.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"Surrogates\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1).  Picture quality is actually quite interesting because a lot of the special effects went into making the surrogates look not like actual humans.  Director Jonathan Mostow explains how they purposely removed any blemishes, acne from the skin of the surrogates and with that being the case, you don't really see too many actual humans in this film (until the end).  We see Bruce Willis in his young CG-enhanced surrogate look but then you see the current, older Bruce Willis with the hair stubble, blood on his face, grime on his face.<br /><br />Some scenes have quite a bit of detail such as a scene when the military arrive at the Dread compound, the CG detail of the robot/surrogates.  But overall, there is a lot of CG in the film but one of the best scenes is the destruction caused in downtown Boston.  That is an actual shot and not CG'd.  People and destroyed vehicles scattered around.<br /><br />Overall, some people may wonder if the scenes were DNR'd (Digital Noise Reduction) but they weren't.  This was intentionally done to separate what a surrogate looks like versus a human.  Found no artifacts or combing.  Blacks were nice and deep.  But for the most part, \\"Surrogates\\" looks good but some may feel it had too much special effects and CG.  But personally, the technology, special effect fit the film's theme quite nicely.<br /><br />As for lossless audio, \\"Surrogates\\" is presented in English 5.1 DTS-HD MA (48 kHz/24-bit) and French, Spanish 5.1 Dolby Digital.  \\"Surrogates\\" utilizes a lot of sound effects due to the action scenes.  Crashing cars, helicopters, gun shots, booms, broken glass, motorcycle engine revving and more.  The film's dialogue is understandable and clear through the center channel, music score is clear through the fronts and great use of LFE and the surround channels for the sound effects.  Especially how audio pans from various directions.<br /><br />Subtitles are presented in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Surrogates\\" comes with the following special features presented in 1080p, English5.1 or 2.0 Dolby Digital and optional subtitles in English SDH, French and Spanish.<br /><br />  * Audio Commentary by Director Jonathan Mostow - Director Jonathan Mostow gives viewers insight on the scenes of the film, the challenges of making this film and using so many special effects, working with the talents and more.  A pretty informative and enjoyable commentary.<br />  * Deleted Scenes - (6:03) A total of four deleted scenes: Dread Encounter, Apologies & Theories, What You're Looking At and The Real Peters.<br />  * A More Perfect You: The Science of Surrogates - (14:34) A look at the advancement of technology and robots in society.  From helping those who are utilizing the technology for medical reasons to helping those with disabilities, utilization in the military and how far we are technology-wise at this current time.  But also asking ourselves if this science does become available, do we accept it or change it before it becomes something like what is featured in the film \\"Surrogates\\".<br />  * Breaking the Frame: A Graphic Novel Comes to Life - (6:33) A look at how \\"Surrogates\\" became a comic book by Robert Venditti and Brett Weldele, bringing the film adaptation to life and getting Bruce Willis to play the main character role.<br />  * \\"I Will Not Bow\\" Music Video by Breaking Benjamin - (3:49)<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />A film with an intriguing concept that focuses less on the characters and moreso on the overall action.<br /><br />When it comes to the overall theme of \\"Surrogates\\", personally its a subject that I'm quite fascinated with.  I've read about robotics in Japanese culture from its earlier years to its present stage and how various societies use the technology.  But at the same time, being intrigued about how tied we are to the Internet, especially those who are addicted to MMORPG's to social media.<br /><br />You know that there is that next step with technology and we've seen several interpretations of it in shows such as \\"Star Trek\\" to animated series such as \\".Hack/Sign\\".  But \\"Surrogates\\" definitely gives us an idea of a distant future, especially as technology and the military come together in finding ways to limit the loss of life.  So, the concept of \\"Surrogates\\" is quite intriguing to me.<br /><br />As for the film, I enjoyed the action and the concept but the film has its problems in terms of storyline especially when it comes to the character of older Canter (played by James Cromwell) and his motivations.  Also, the weapon that was being utilized and how Stone (played by Boris Kodjoe) is connected.  At 89 minutes, there could have been 5-10 minutes fleshing out character development for certain characters.  But Because of this, certain parts of the plot seem to farfetched.  It would have been great to see more of this hostility between humans and the surrogates (as shown in the deleted scenes).<br /><br />But the film's saving grace is Bruce Willis along with Radha Mitchell and Rosamund Pike.  Rosamund Pike definitely brings the emotional aspect while both Bruce Willis and Radha are part of the action.  Bruce Willis was effective for the role of Greer and this is an action-based popcorn flick.<br /><br />As for the Blu-ray release, \\"Surrogates\\" looks very good and sounds fantastic in HD.  But I wished there were additional features with an interview with the cast but also a more in-depth special feature on the creation of the special effects.  For a film that was special effects heavy, it would have been nice to see something incorporated to show how certain scenes and the look of the film were done.<br /><br />Overall, \\"Surrogates\\" is an entertaining film that has a message which works.  It's just that its execution was a bit off and possibly not going all action but showing some of the character depth via scenes explaining or showing motivation, that would have been nice to see.  But in the end, \\"Surrogates\\" was an enjoyable, action film with an interesting concept and also showing us that as an action star, Bruce Willis still has it!GMENT CALL:    A film with an intriguing concept that focuses less on the characters and moreso on the overall action.    When it comes to the overall theme of \\"Surrogates\\", personally its a subject that I'm quite fascinated with.  I've read about robotics in Japanese culture from its earlier years to its present stage and how various societies use the technology.  But at the same time, being intrigued about how tied we are to the Internet, especially those who are addicted to MMORPG's to social media.    You know that there is that next step with technology and we've seen several interpretations of it in shows such as \\"Star Trek\\" to animated series such as \\".Hack/Sign\\".  But \\"Surrogates\\" definitely gives us an idea of a distant future, especially as technology and the military come together in finding ways to limit the loss of life.  So, the concept of \\"Surrogates\\" is quite intriguing to me.    As for the film, I enjoyed the action and the concept but the film has its problems in terms of storyline especially when it comes to the character of older Canter (played by James Cromwell) and his motivations.  Also, the weapon that was being utilized and how Stone (played by Boris Kodjoe) is connected.  At 89 minutes, there could have been 5-10 minutes fleshing out character development for certain characters.  But Because of this, certain parts of the plot seem to farfetched.  It would have been great to see more of this hostility between humans and the surrogates (as shown in the deleted scenes).    But the film's saving grace is Bruce Willis along with Radha Mitchell and Rosamund Pike.  Rosamund Pike definitely brings the emotional aspect while both Bruce Willis and Radha are part of the action.  Bruce Willis was effective for the role of Greer and this is an action-based popcorn flick.    As for the Blu-ray release, \\"Surrogates\\" looks very good and sounds fantastic in HD.  But I wished there were additional features with an interview with the cast but also a more in-depth special feature on the creation of the special effects.  For a film that was special effects heavy, it would have been nice to see something incorporated to show how certain scenes and the look of the film were done.    Overall, \\"Surrogates\\" is an entertaining film that has a message which works.  It's just that its execution was a bit off and possibly not going all action but showing some of the character depth via scenes explaining or showing motivation, that would have been nice to see.  But in the end, \\"Surrogates\\" was an enjoyable, action film with an interesting concept and also showing us that as an action star, Bruce Willis still has it!
B0015DWLD0|5.0|Captivating and easy read. Had a hard time putting the book down. Will likely be looking up Adiga's name for other books.
B002V9PEUE|4.0|In 1993, Renny Harlin (director of \\"Die Hard 2') returned with a new action film starring Sylvester Stallone (\\"Rocky\\" and \\"Rambo\\" films), John Lithgow (\\"Dexter\\", \\"3rd Rock from the Sun\\"), Michael Rooker (\\"The Marine 2', \\"Jumper\\") and Janine Turner (\\"Friday Night Lights\\", \\"Strong Women\\", \\"Northern Exposure\\").<br /><br />The film would feature cinematography by Alex Thomason (\\"The Scarlet Letter\\", \\"Demolition Man\\", \\"Hamlet\\") and music by composer Trevor Jones (\\"The League of Extraordinary Gentleman\\", \\"Around the World in 80 Days\\", \\"Dinotopia\\").<br /><br />The film which cost around $65 million to make did well in the box office as it made over $255 million worldwide and received fairly positive reviews despite many rock climbers felt the depiction of rock climbing was too Hollywood, unrealistic and had quite a bit of inaccuracies.<br /><br />VIDEO & AUDIO:<br /><br />\\"Cliffhanger\\" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:40:1 Widescreen) and Sony Pictures Home Entertainment did a great job in bringing this film to HD.  The Italian alps look absolutely beautiful and there is great detail for the rocks, surrounding scenery. The film is not too vibrant as there is overcast and there are not many vibrant colors seen in the film.  But there is extreme detail captured on the rocks and the ice/snow.<br /><br />The scenery is just breathtaking and despite the cold and challenging conditions, director Renny Harlin and cinematographer Alex Thomson did a wonderful job in filming the location and various aerial views of people on the mountains.<br /><br />There is a fine layer of grain on the film, skin tones are natural, blacks are nice and deep and for a 1993 film, no sign of muggy DNR (Digital Noise Reduction) that I can see in this film, nor did I see any major compression artifacts.<br /><br />But what fans of the film will enjoy is the lossless audio track for \\"Cliffhanger\\".  If you thought \\"Air Force One\\" sounded good on Blu-ray, Sony repeats the aggressive audio track for this film as helicopters, explosions and various sound effects are heard all around you.  The surround channel is utilized heavily during the action sequences of the film as well as a good amount of LFE coming from the subwoofer.  The film just sounds incredible!  Dialogue is clear through the center channel and music and effects sounds great coming from the front channels.<br /><br />Overall, impressive PQ and AQ with subtitles in English, English SDH and French.<br /><br />SPECIAL FEATURES:<br /><br />\\"Cliffhanger\\" comes with the following special features in standard definition, English stereo:<br /><br />  * movieIQ and BD-Live connects you to access real-time information on the cast, music, trivia and more while watching the movie! - Note: You need a BD-Live (Profile 2.0) Blu-ray player that can connect to the Internet to access movieIQ.<br />  * Commentary with Director Renny Harlin and Sylvester Stallone - Director Renny Harlin sets up the scenes and shows us what is real and what he wanted to accomplish with certain shots.  Stallone talks about his scenes and how it was hard for him to film because he was scared of heights.<br />  * Technical Crew Commentary - Commentary on the technical crew of how they accomplished the rock climbing and various action-based sequences of the film and challenges they experienced.<br />  * A Personal Introduction from Renny Harlin - (4:53) Director Renny Harlin talks about how he got involved with \\"Cliffhanger\\" and working with Sylvester Stallone.  Both men wanted to do something than your usual action film.  Something with more depth and more serious in tone.<br />  * Deleted Scenes - (8:18) Featuring two deleted scenes (Kings Leap, Ice Climb) plus an optional introduction by Director Renny Harlin (3:01) who discusses why the scenes were cut from the movie.<br />  * Stallone on the Edge: The Making of Cliffhanger - (20:03) Featuring interviews with director Renny Harlan and the talents of the film.  Featuring a behind-the-scenes making of the film, shooting on location in the Italian alps, the challenges that the filmmaker and talents had to endure and a tour through the set from Sylvester Stallone.<br />  * Special Effects Featurettes - (7:24) Special effects featurettes for \\"Sarah's Fall\\" and \\"Helicopter Explosion\\" and commentary and video on how those two sequences were created.<br />  * Storyboard Comparisons - (12:01) Storyboard comparisons for \\"Sarah's Fall\\", \\"Air-to-Zip Line\\" and \\"Helicopter Explosion\\". Featuring the storyboard sequences on the top and video on the bottom.<br />  * Original Theatrical Trailer - (3:26) Includes an optional introduction by Renny Harlin.<br /><br />JUDGMENT CALL:<br /><br />\\"Cliffhanger\\" was definitely one of the enjoyable films that Sylvester Stallone did in the 1990's (along with \\"Judge Dredd\\").  After the disastrous \\"Rocky V\\" in 1990, Stallone started to do more international films throughout the 1990's and in this case, both he and director Renny Harlin wanted to do something different in their careers and that was to have an action film that was more serious in nature.<br /><br />Personally, I enjoyed \\"Cliffhanger\\" when it came out in theaters but there were certain situations that bugged me at the time and that was mainly Sylvester Stallone in the very cold weather without a jacket, high up in altitude and climbing the mountain with a t-shirt (it's further explained by Sylvester Stallone in the commentary) but it was one of the scenes that I had a hard time believing especially in freezing temperatures.<br /><br />But it was definitely an enjoyable Stallone film.  Michael Rooker did a wonderful job in this film and the same with Janine Turner (and I'm glad that director Renny Harlin did not emphasize or use a major romantic sequence between Gabe and Jessie).<br /><br />But I'm sure the question for fans of the film is if \\"Cliffhanger\\" is worth purchasing again?  Especially if you owned the two previous DVD's that were released in 2000 and the Superbit version in 2004.<br /><br />If you enjoyed this film, my answer is yes.  The reason being is that Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has improved with the picture quality and audio quality of their films.  Especially this 1993 film because in previous years, there was some DNR that made the film look to cloudy/waxy in appearance due to the DNR but with this film, you really can't tell it's 1993 when it comes to picture quality.  Video looks absolutely great compared to the original DVD.<br /><br />You see the details of the rocks quite well but the location of where the film is shot, looks great!  The Italian Alps absolutely looks beautiful in this film and definitely an improvement from the DVD.<br /><br />But the biggest improvement is the lossless audio.  For those who have a modern receiver that can take advantage of the lossless 5.1 DTS-HD MA soundtrack and have a good speaker setup are going to love how this film sounds.  Since \\"Sony Pictures Home Entertainmen\\" released \\"Air Force Once\\" on Blu-ray, they have really found a way to take advantage of these older action films and \\"Cliffhanger\\" sounds remarkable on Blu-ray.  The soundtrack is quite immersive and you hear the audio all around you.<br /><br />The Blu-ray features the same special features from the original DVD with the exception of the photo gallery but all-in-all, for those who own the previous DVD's will just love how this film looks and sounds on Blu-ray.<br /><br />As for those who have never seen the film, \\"Cliffhanger\\" is not the best Sylvester Stallone action film but its one, if not the best action film he released in the 1990's.  Looking for an action film, definitely give \\"Cliffhanger\\" a try!maker and talents had to endure and a tour through the set from Sylvester Stallone.      * Special Effects Featurettes - (7:24) Special effects featurettes for \\"Sarah's Fall\\" and \\"Helicopter Explosion\\" and commentary and video on how those two sequences were created.      * Storyboard Comparisons - (12:01) Storyboard comparisons for \\"Sarah's Fall\\", \\"Air-to-Zip Line\\" and \\"Helicopter Explosion\\". Featuring the storyboard sequences on the top and video on the bottom.      * Original Theatrical Trailer - (3:26) Includes an optional introduction by Renny Harlin.    JUDGMENT CALL:    \\"Cliffhanger\\" was definitely one of the enjoyable films that Sylvester Stallone did in the 1990's (along with \\"Judge Dredd\\").  After the disastrous \\"Rocky V\\" in 1990, Stallone started to do more international films throughout the 1990's and in this case, both he and director Renny Harlin wanted to do something different in their careers and that was to have an action film that was more serious in nature.    Personally, I enjoyed \\"Cliffhanger\\" when it came out in theaters but there were certain situations that bugged me at the time and that was mainly Sylvester Stallone in the very cold weather without a jacket, high up in altitude and climbing the mountain with a t-shirt (it's further explained by Sylvester Stallone in the commentary) but it was one of the scenes that I had a hard time believing especially in freezing temperatures.    But it was definitely an enjoyable Stallone film.  Michael Rooker did a wonderful job in this film and the same with Janine Turner (and I'm glad that director Renny Harlin did not emphasize or use a major romantic sequence between Gabe and Jessie).    But I'm sure the question for fans of the film is if \\"Cliffhanger\\" is worth purchasing again?   Especially if you owned the two previous DVD's that were released in 2000 and the Superbit version in 2004.    If you enjoyed this film, my answer is yes.  The reason being is that Sony Pictures Home Entertainment has improved with the picture quality and audio quality of their films.  Especially this 1993 film because in previous years, there was some DNR that made the film look to cloudy/waxy in appearance due to the DNR but with this film, you really can't tell it's 1993 when it comes to picture quality.  Video looks absolutely great compared to the original DVD.    You see the details of the rocks quite well but the location of where the film is shot, looks great!  The Italian Alps absolutely looks beautiful in this film and definitely an improvement from the DVD.    But the biggest improvement is the lossless audio.  For those who have a modern receiver that can take advantage of the lossless 5.1 DTS-HD MA soundtrack and have a good speaker setup are going to love how this film sounds.  Since \\"Sony Pictures Home Entertainmen\\" released \\"Air Force Once\\" on Blu-ray, they have really found a way to take advantage of these older action films and \\"Cliffhanger\\" sounds remarkable on Blu-ray.  The soundtrack is quite immersive and you hear the audio all around you.    The Blu-ray features the same special features from the original DVD with the exception of the photo gallery but all-in-all, for those who own the previous DVD's will just love how this film looks and sounds on Blu-ray.    As for those who have never seen the film, \\"Cliffhanger\\" is not the best Sylvester Stallone action film but its one, if not the best action film he released in the 1990's.  Looking for an action film, definitely give \\"Cliffhanger\\" a try!
0470450266|5.0|This book does a great job of covering the many aspects of human anatomy and sculpting the figure. It's great for digital sculptors and traditional sculptors alike. The included video tutorials are a great compliment to the book and are filled with tons of helpful tips and techniques. I highly recommend it to any artist looking to gain more knowledge of anatomy and sculpting.
1591843162|5.0|I just finished Seth Godin's newly released book: Linchpin - Are You Indispensible?    As I was soaking it up as fast as I dared, the thought I had to keep pushing to the back of my mind was \\"How can I get a copy of this into every one of my clients' and colleagues' hands as fast as possible?\\"    On the surface the book is about how to become a linchpin - \\"...an individual who can walk into chaos and create order, someone who can invent, connect, create, and make things happen.\\"    Judging the book by its cover, I expected a straightforward approach to becoming a linchpin that would detail ways to hold my organization together. Imagine my surprise as I got into the book to discover at least three highly-personalized gifts inside the pragmatic package.    They are:    1. Seeing myself as an artist    - Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient.   - If art is a human connection that causes someone to change his mind, then you are an artist.  - The easier it is to quantify [what you do], the less it's worth.    I like the surprises of art - when we show up with curiosity and openness and respect we can create something that's never been made before, and that serves us both better than we can imagine.    Being a recovering engineer I often say the hard stuff is fairly easy, and the soft stuff is fairly hard. What's quantifiable and easy-to-see is the surface - the hard-to-master human connections are what really add value and sustainability to everything from a career to a culture.    I'm an artist who's finally out of the closet.    2. Overcoming my own (lizard brain) resistance    - ...if we got down the list of behaviors that are highly valued because of their scarcity, almost all of them are related to bringing a conscious and generous mind to the work, instead of indulging our lizard brain's reflexes of fear, revenge, and conquest.  - Going out of your way to find uncomfortable situations isn't natural, but it's essential.  - There are books and classes that can teach you how to do most of the things discussed in this book. And while many copies are sold and many classes attended, the failure rate is astonishingly high.     It's not because the books and classes aren't good. It's because the resistance [of our lizard brain] is stronger.  My lizard brain is in the back of my head, ready to fight or flight, focused on \\"anger and revenge and sex and fear.\\" It will take over from the higher-functions when it detects a big threat or opportunity - and then I'm little better than my chocolate Labrador. Resistance will mount and I'll find myself cultivating fear instead of getting things done. The good news is that awareness is a big part of dealing with the resistance, and taking risks / getting things done can move you forward in spite of it.    I'm watching you, lizard brain.    3. Being a generous gift-giver    - In a monetary exchange, we focus on \\"if.\\" I will give you this if you give me that. The initial exchange depends on the promise of reciprocity, and doesn't occur without it. In a gift, we imply and. I will give you this and you will do something for someone else. I will give you this and my expectation is that you will change the way you feel.  The power lies in the creation of abundance. A trade leaves things as they were, with no external surplus. A gift always creates a surplus as it spreads.  - Gifts not only satisfy our needs as artists, they also signal to the world that we have plenty more to share.    People often give me a friendly yet puzzled smile when I share how important \\"being abundant\\" and \\"creating abundance\\" is to our business. It's very affirming to see Seth share his similar perspective about generosity that really makes a difference - both to the receiver and the giver.    It may be that Seth and I are swimming upstream, yet the water is flowing differently than ever before. People's triggers are all the more sensitive about what is genuinely helpful and what feels like a scam. We can createthe environment in which we want to function - I pick abundance and generosity and will attract and enjoy those who want the same.    A note: it's interesting that I \\"bought\\" this book by responding to an offer from Seth to give out books to people willing to donate money to the Acumen Fund, an organization \\"building transformative businesses to solve the problems of poverty.\\" What a way to walk the talk - asking people to give a gift (helping others) to receive the gift of a book which encourages people to achieve their potential by recognizing their own gifts and giving that to the world.    In my humble opinion, this is Seth's best work to date. Buy two or more when you get yours - you'll want to pass along the gift sooner than later.
1428144552|5.0|very good, excellent. I highly recommended.  so true, very interesting and so helpful. this is my first time that I hear about the secret and is wonderful to have such a knowledge right in front of you.
B002BIULQC|4.0|WHAT I LIKED ABOUT THE MOVIE    this is for the movie now i enjoyed it very much music same characters where in it i was little dispointed brother didnt have a bigger part in the film though but it was very good and entertaning ill buy it seomday just not the bluray edition the orignal normal dvd version only        WHAT I DDI NOT LIKE ABOUT THE MOVIE    im giving this dvd movie 4 stars i like the show, music and everything but the absolute thing i hate & did not like about this movie was trya banks was in it heres why i was interview of trya banks & she said spacificly out of her mouth in her own words ANY ONE CAN BE A MODEL my younger sister watches americas top model now after what trybanks in that interview you think you would see some average women on that show for tryouts and to make it in the top 15 or soemthing but no only women you see on that show is are women that 80 punds or less that look dislexic, if anyone can become a model how is it you dont see no average women on there 160 pounds or something instead the look form women who starve them selves by only eating carrots everyday and stuff like that if trya banks wasnt in this movie i give it 5 stars try banks is a shallow woman who only cares about her self no one else thinks all women are equal by starving them selves by only eating vegatables, & rice only & women should only skinny beuy is on the inside not the outside       this review is for the dvd i hate when disney puts bluray with normal dvd i own ps3 & i will never buy bluray dvds ever to expensive i hea no differnce with blurary dvds compared to normal dvds, & the only thing bluray has to offer is brighter picture thats only difernce i see to bluray & normal dvd.
B002IYEQR4|1.0|This is a really bad movie.  It is just an aweful piece of junk all around.  Look at the box office total [...]..a movie that cost $200,000,000 to make brought in about $100,000,000.  This crock did about as good as Madea Goes to Jail, which cost about $20 mil to make. It did 1/2 as well as Alvin and the Chipmonks and it did 3 times worse than Harry Potter and Twilight!  Imagine a superhero movie that is 3 times worse than Harry Potter and 2 times worse than Ice Age!  I want my money back and I want the jerks who made this to pay me for my suffering.  After watching this movie I felt like I needed a shower and I wanted to burn my clothes and maybe spend more time in confession.  This is not a superhero movie...don't let your kids watch this...they will end up hating superheroes and you too.  Don't buy this crap.  These jerks need to read the reviews so no one else EVER makes another movie like this.  I need a superhero to bring the Watchmen writers, directors, and studio pimps to justice.  This movie almost makes me never want to see another superhero movie.  It is the artistic opposite of the Dark Knight.
0802798225|2.0|I don't really understand why everyone thought this book was so great. Hey, I love to read and I'm not really picky in particular, but I was really just surprised that I couldn't find one negative comment from other people about this book. But I have plenty, so the reasons I didn't particularly enjoy this book was one, it was extremely ant-climatic, until maybe the very end with the drug deal. Two, I didn't particularly fall in love with the characters. I wasn't all that into Brittany, and I didn't find Alex to be anything special either. Three, it was sooooo predictable. When we first meet Alex, I almost want to put the book down. Why do authors have to make romance book so obvious? I hate when I predict the whole book on page 50. Its makes me feel like I've wasted my time. So okay, I will give it one positive. For some reason, I can't get this book out of my head. I've been thinking about it a lot, which is odd since I didn't like the book, shouldn't I be able to just forget about it easily? But, no, not this book (I'm still not at all admitting it was good...) So, maybe that's why it got such high ratings. And secondly, I liked the little Spanish bits in there. I take Spanish in school, so it was pretty cool that I could read most of everything! Overall, I can see how people may like this book, but it was just so flawed for me that I couldn't get past it to enjoy the story.
B001P06GX4|5.0|My friends and I have mastered playing with three people, the person to go first always wins! We now need four players to keep it challenging, but I still highly recommend it!
0385737947|4.0|The Maze Runner is fabulous dystopian fare.  A book I'd highly recommend to readers young and old.  It's suspenseful plot and interesting characterizations making it a fun, entertaining and don't stop until you finish read.<br /><br />One of the elements I enjoyed most was the setting Dashner dropped the boys into.  He has created a location in The Glade that allows the reader the luxury (or in this case discomfort) of feeling the space around them.  It is complete sensory perfection as we experience every painful ridge along with Thomas and The Gladers.  It's a cold and dank place of confinement that unsettles both it's inhabitants and the reader.<br /><br />Further, the book had a very Lost Boys vibe to it. Each character had a degree of individuality of mind and spirit, each had their role as a cog or wheel, that it was quite easy to differentiate between them without confusion setting in. Of all characters I found the protagonist Thomas to be of most consequence.  He was courageous, empathetic, heroic and adaptable.  His ability to resolve problems and generate real solutions to forward the plight of The Gladers made him extremely rootable.  Moreover, he is a character that is appealing to boys, girls, young and old without being trite or overbearing.<br /><br />If I were required to choose one irksome element of The Maze Runner I would have to say that the language Dashner created in lieu of using swear words was initially a bit much.  However, after some getting used to it turned out to be quite ingenious. That very small addition to the story went such a long way in creating community between the inhabitants of The Glade. It gave that added element of separation from what the reader knows as the real world while allowing the boys to be boys. It was one of the only times they were able to act their age.<br /><br />Not wanting to spoil the larger surprises of the book I will say that I wasn't disappointed when answers to some of the story's larger scale questions and secrets were revealed.  The whys of hows of the Glade coming to be, the reasons for Thomas' presence in it and many of the aspects of how the population potentially overcome the powers that be were all intriguing and suspenseful. I credit Dashner's wonderful writing and ingenuity in composing a thoroughly entertaining story with fabulously well-developed characters.<br /><br />I will certainly be picking up the follow-up to see what happens next.  Watch for book two, which I believe is called The Scorch Trials, in the next year.he whys of hows of the Glade coming to be, the reasons for Thomas' presence in it and many of the aspects of how the population potentially overcome the powers that be were all intriguing and suspenseful. I credit Dashner's wonderful writing and ingenuity in composing a thoroughly entertaining story with fabulously well-developed characters.    I will certainly be picking up the follow-up to see what happens next.  Watch for book two, which I believe is called The Scorch Trials, in the next year.
1591843162|5.0|While reading Linchpin I looked around a few times to see if author Seth Godin was perhaps peering through my living room window to see my reaction. It really felt like he was talking to me, singling me out. How could he know how I rationalize things?<br /><br />  \\"There are no longer any great jobs where someone else tells you precisely what to do.\\"<br /><br />Linchpin is a most unusual, well-organized, concise book about what it takes to become indispensable in the workplace - whether you work for someone else (at any level) or are self-employed. It's about how business has rapidly changed and how treating employees like factory workers (or doing your job like one) doesn't work any longer. We must make choices and take action to \\"chart our own paths\\" and add value that others do not. We cannot wait for a boss or a job description to tell us what to do, rather we must just take the initiative ourselves. Only then can we become indispensable \\"linchpins,\\" rather than replaceable \\"cogs.\\" There are so many fantastic quotes in the book too.<br /><br />  \\"You don't become indispensable merely because you are different. But the only way to become indispensable is to be different. That's because if you're the same, so are plenty of other people.\\"<br /><br />The 14 chapters in this book are each broken down into short segments with great headlines that summarize them. Godin uses special vocabulary words to describe the many factors that go into becoming a linchpin. These words have unique meanings in the context in which they are used. You'll learn interpretations for terms such as art, thrashing, gifts, resistance, pranja, ship, lizard brain, shenpa, emotional labor and others.<br /><br />  \\"Art is unique, new and challenging to the status quo. It's not decoration. It's something that causes change. Art cannot be merely commerce. It must also be a gift.\\"<br /><br />You'll never be bewildered or bored while reading Linchpin. It will awaken a part of your brain that you may have never used before. It will make you take a deep look inside your thoughts, patterns and habits and oblige you to realize there are things you can change right now to become more of a success, a true \\"artist.\\" In fact, you may find yourself sliding down in your chair a bit while reading, like I did. But that's okay; it's part of the learning process.<br /><br />  \\"If all you can do is the task and you're not in a league of your own at doing the task, you're not indispensable.\\"<br /><br />This is particularly true in the chapter on page 101 entitled The Resistance. Just this chapter alone is worth the price of the book. You've got to read it twice to really capture all it offers. Here you'll be faced with all the reasons why you're currently not as indispensable as you could be - as you should be. Have you ever delayed a project and not delivered (Seth calls this shipping) on deadline just because you were trying to achieve perfection? That's resistance. It is the \\"lizard brain\\" way-of-thinking that causes us to resist. Do you find yourself doing a lot of busy work (obsessive email checking, Tweeting, etc.) rather than taking action that really adds value? That's resistance too.<br /><br />  \\"The lizard brain is the reason you're afraid, the reason you don't ship when you can. The lizard brain is the source of the resistance.\\"<br /><br />Godin will educate you on what it truly means to be a valuable gift giver. He'll tell you that there's no map in existence to help you become an indispensable artist. He'll tell you that you have a choice to either \\"Fit in or stand out. Not both.\\" He'll even tell you that there are times when your art will not work, and for whatever reason, you may not be able to get paid for your particular talent.<br /><br />  \\"Maybe you can't make money doing what you love (at least what you love right now) But I bet you can figure out what you can do to make money (if you choose wisely).\\"<br /><br />  \\"There is no map. No map to be a leader,no map to be an artist. I've read hundreds of books about art (in all its forms) and how to do it, and not one has a clue about the map, because there isn't one.\\"<br /><br />The only thing Seth Godin left out of his well-researched Linchpin book is that his principles can be applied not only to business but also to other aspects of a person's life. Linchpins can be better spouses, friends and community members at large. They can be truly indispensable in many ways.<br /><br />  \\"Nothing about becoming indispensable is easy. If it's easy, it's already been done and it's no longer valuable.\\"<br /><br />Ever read a business or marketing book that is interesting while you're reading it, but two days after you have finished it, you cannot really remember the gist of what you read? Linchpin is not one of those books. This one will stay with you. There is nothing else like it; it can change your future. That is, if you set your lizard brain aside and replace it with the true linchpin artist in you.nd how to do it, and not one has a clue about the map, because there isn't one.\\"    The only thing Seth Godin left out of his well-researched Linchpin book is that his principles can be applied not only to business but also to other aspects of a person's life. Linchpins can be better spouses, friends and community members at large. They can be truly indispensable in many ways.        \\"Nothing about becoming indispensable is easy. If it's easy, it's already been done and it's no longer valuable.\\"    Ever read a business or marketing book that is interesting while you're reading it, but two days after you have finished it, you cannot really remember the gist of what you read? Linchpin is not one of those books. This one will stay with you. There is nothing else like it; it can change your future. That is, if you set your lizard brain aside and replace it with the true linchpin artist in you.
B000001FS6|4.0|U2 are an interesting band.  They are sort of the precursor to Green Day, in a way -- politically motivated, intelligent lyrics, and put on a very energetic live show.  This album is a mix of live tracks, studio cuts and covers of rock standards.      The first track is a Beatles cover.  It is thoroughly rocked out and is a great start to a great album.  There is also a cover of Bob Dylan's \\"All Along The Watchtower,\\" a sensational duet with BB King on \\"When Love Comes To Town,\\" in which BB's guitar and vocals perfectly compliment Bono, and live versions of \\"Pride,\\" \\"Silver and Gold,\\" and other terrific tracks.  For me, however, the standout is \\"Angel of Harlem.\\"  That song is phenomenally good.      This is a great album that should definitely be owned by any U2 fan.
1400082773|4.0|(written before the 2008 presidential elections)<br /><br />The book was a Christmas gift from the scribe's sister Rosemary and was received with the usual mild surprise that accompanies the reception of a book you don't really want to read.<br /><br />highwayscribery enjoyed Obama's colorful and deftly delivered speech at the 2004 Democratic National Convention (included in the book put out by Three Rivers Press). But in ensuing months it seemed the newly elected senator's name popped up too often in association with positions a little beyond his experience, like vice president or president.<br /><br />There's a Democratic Party discussion in there somewhere: Is the glass half full because Obama's rise among what former Sen. Sam Nunn (D-Georgia) used to call \\"the great mentioners\\" reflects his amazing talent? Or is it half empty because a guy starts jumping ranks thanks to his world beat name and a decent speech two years ago?<br /><br />The highwayscribery creed encourages the acceptance of given books as a kind of natural instruction from the world itself, from forces beyond our own (book) consuming impulses.<br /><br />And the book is quite good as it goes about detailing Obama's unique, yet quintessentially American pedigree and journey. A kind of Tiger Woods to the progressive political world, Obama is African-American, without the tragedy of slavery separating him from old country forebears.<br /><br />He knows his lineage, his father, his grandfather. He returns to his native Kenya where a grandmother explains how, \\"First there was Miwiri. It's not known who came before. Miwiru sired Sigoma, Sigoma sired Owiny, Owiny sired Kisodhi, Kisodhi sired Ogelo, Ogelo sired Otondi, Otonidi sired Obongo, Obongo sired Okoth, and Okoth sired Opiyo. The women who bore them, their names are forgotten, for that was the way of our people.\\"<br /><br />His father, a scholarship student from Kenya to the University of Hawaii, met his mother in that distant American outpost. She came from Kansas stock, her father a soldier of fortune and westward drifter on the trail of the big break.<br /><br />His place in time as a man educated in the west at the height of the African liberation from its European colonizers forces the senior Barack Obama home, abandoning the young boy in Hawaii for good.<br /><br />That is the DNA, much explained and dissected for it is the point of the book, and somewhat the point of the politician - race and its subtleties.<br /><br />The greatest surprise was the book's prose. Obama was, at one time, editor of the \\"Harvard Law Review.\\" highwayscribery has never had occasion to read that particular publication, but must admit to a sense that brand name conjures up ponderous articles short on good and engaging narrative content.<br /><br />But it may be a place where good writing is encouraged because he possesses a comfortable mastery of the written word. We're not talking the heights of prosodic beauty, but a facile ability to render crucial insights his unique path and intelligence have provided, into the written word. One thing is to have led an interesting life, it is another to successfully convey why.<br /><br />The highpoint of the book may be the following passage. The set up is that Obama Sr. has come to meet his son, who is ten years old, and it really doesn't go too well. As the father is leaving, he decides to play a recording of music from the families tribe, the Luo:<br /><br />\\"`Come Barry,' my father said, `You will learn from the master.' And suddenly his slender body was swaying back and forth, the lush sound was rising, his arms were swinging as they cast an invisible net, his feet wove over the floor in off-beats, his bad leg stiff but his rump high, his head back, his hips moving in a tight circle. The rhythm quickened, the horns sounded, and his eyes closed to follow his pleasure, and then one eye opened to peek down at me and his solemn face spread into a silly grin, and my mother smiled, and mygrandparents walked in to see what all the commotion was about. I took my first tentative steps with my eyes closed, down, up, my arms swinging, the voices lifting. And I hear him still: As I follow my father into the sound, he lets out a quick shout, bright and high, a shout that leaves much behind and reaches out for more, a shout that cries for laughter.\\"<br /><br />So you get an idea that it's not some kind of policy book or rhetorical disquisition. It's a young man's story and takes the reader through Obama's developing sense of the black reality in America, his clumsy first steps as an organizer on Chicago's South Side, a rare portrait of the legendary Mayor Harold Robinson, and over to Africa in discovery of family lore and luggage.<br /><br />Obama's rise to prominence represents something of a bellwether in less than obvious ways. Sure, he's one of only a handful of blacks ever to serve in the U.S. Senate, but in this story he weaves the consumption of marijuana, alcohol and even cocaine into the fabric without using overly bright colors and without trying to sugar-coat it either.<br /><br />He plays basketball, he \\"adopts\\" in his own parlance an identity from those being offered-up by the pop culture of the 1980s - the years of his flaming youth. And now he's a senator and all of that without having had to live like a Mormon.<br /><br />And that's good, as there is much else good about Obama, a writer to rank with those who make a permanent vocation of writing, an intelligent fellow with the honesty to talk about black-on-black gripes, to wrestle with the loss of blackness success in the white world represents, to convey the suffocating sense that the white world is the only game in town.eyes closed, down, up, my arms swinging, the voices lifting. And I hear him still: As I follow my father into the sound, he lets out a quick shout, bright and high, a shout that leaves much behind and reaches out for more, a shout that cries for laughter.\\"    So you get an idea that it's not some kind of policy book or rhetorical disquisition. It's a young man's story and takes the reader through Obama's developing sense of the black reality in America, his clumsy first steps as an organizer on Chicago's South Side, a rare portrait of the legendary Mayor Harold Robinson, and over to Africa in discovery of family lore and luggage.    Obama's rise to prominence represents something of a bellwether in less than obvious ways. Sure, he's one of only a handful of blacks ever to serve in the U.S. Senate, but in this story he weaves the consumption of marijuana, alcohol and even cocaine into the fabric without using overly bright colors and without trying to sugar-coat it either.    He plays basketball, he \\"adopts\\" in his own parlance an identity from those being offered-up by the pop culture of the 1980s - the years of his flaming youth. And now he's a senator and all of that without having had to live like a Mormon.    And that's good, as there is much else good about Obama, a writer to rank with those who make a permanent vocation of writing, an intelligent fellow with the honesty to talk about black-on-black gripes, to wrestle with the loss of blackness success in the white world represents, to convey the suffocating sense that the white world is the only game in town.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle has left the category of wall flower and will return nevermore.  She has a long career ahead of her and I forsee her doing, not only stage work, but film and television as well.  Her mother is smiling in heaven!
1591843162|5.0|Seth integrates thoughts from very different sources (Zen, Jung, Buddhism, Campbell) into one inspiring book focused on explaining why the life you live isn't the life you dreamed...and inspiring you to change.     Not by hokey self affirmations, but by showing you the hidden demon  (resistance). I'm not sure if I buy his new definition of art, but he's at least inspired me to take on my resistance. Could be good, could be bad - but at least my lizard brain won't win.
1591843162|4.0|The propensity for middle managers today to dub themselves the Leadership Team is gravely wrongheaded.  Management postions are few in flat business structures, but opportunities to lead are achingly abundant.  The Leadership Team mantle squelches the motivation one might otherwise employ to overcome anxiety and trepidation of injecting value and personality in the work.  Managers, do all the managing you want, but leave the path clear path for those who would lead.      Seth Godin's \\"Linchpin\\" studies and supports the development of the individual leader.  More than a focus on the politics of leadership, Linchpin examines the forces of initiative and their inner shackles.  A robust analogy of our brains' rationalizations -- at root we shut down for self preservation -- provides a hidden roadmap to measure progress toward becoming indispensible to the work.      Along the way \\"Linchpin\\" offers a subtle commentary on the nature of work in the west today.  In \\"The World is Flat\\", Friedman trumpeted India's success today and where that may lead in the future.  \\"In Spite of the Gods\\" decried Luce's view of India today and traced those problems through colonial times.  \\"Linchpin\\" describes the work worth having today:  artistic expression freely contributed.  The rest is the stuff of jobs that frequently are outsourced: script based, rules driven tasks executable by highly replaceable labor.        The reader seeking out the self-help bits may grow impatient with Godin's long jags on art and physiological metaphor.  At times they read like an all-night blog.  Others might ruffle at the capstone effect, as Godin integrates related themes from Purple Cow, Tribes, and The Dip.        Godin admonishes that this isn't a how-to manual for the linchpin leader.  But one could do worse than absorb the behavioral distinctions between enabling and self-preserving brain functions.  If you're going to take this effort upon yourself, this is what you're facing.  \\"Linchpin\\" reveals itself on successive readings, and is amply footnoted with additional references.  It's very nearly indispensible.
1423113497|5.0|It can be difficult to get my boys to read sometimes, but when they started these books, they didn't want to put them down!  My husband likes them as well :)  They're very well written and very entertaining.  Thank you so much Rick Riordan!!
1591843162|5.0|When I was young, I went to see Raiders of the Lost Ark with my mom. At the conclusion of the opening sequence, as Indy's escape plane flies away, my mom leaned over and said, \\"Oh my God. Is the whole movie going to be like this?\\" I had a very similar feeling when - on page 20 of his new book Linchpin: Are You Indispensable? - Seth Godin asks the reader for \\"one last favor before you start...\\"    \\"Before I start? Is the rest of the book going to be like this?!?\\"    Divided into 13 chapters, each chapter is made up of a large number of small sections, very few of which are longer than a page; one section clocked in at just one word (even though the section title is 52 words long). Though related to the chapters that hold them, these little sections seem almost like a stream of consciousness of questions and answers, insights and mandates. To risk another pop-culture metaphor, I felt at times like I was inside a Robin Williams improv routine; as soon as one idea comes out, another is liberated and thrown out into the mix.    I like this book. Or, more accurately, I like the ideas in this book.  In just over 200+ pages, Seth Godin asks, explores, and answers many of the ideas questions that have been on my mind lately, especially as it relates to work and the possibility of work as art. I've been considering this not just for myself but for my sons, one a junior and the other a senior in high school. This book is a must read for anyone considering their own future, or what to tell their kids about how they can live their own lives.    There are many themes and ideas within this book that different people will lock onto. I have the feeling that I will be exploring the ideas in the book for many weeks to come. For me, though, the two that jumped out were the discussions of \\"Indoctrination: How we got here\\" and \\"The Resistance\\".    The former explains how we have all - or nearly all - become \\"factory workers\\" and compares this with what we are capable of - art. The latterexposes the \\"scaredy cat\\" (my term, not his) inside our brains - our lizard brains. This part of our brain was very effective - and very essential - in our survival and evolution, but now is getting in our way. The key to overcoming any adversary is a knowledge of that adversary, and he gives us an excellent understanding of this particular one.    Earlier I mentioned an especially short section with an unusually long section title. As it turns out, that section - title and all - really sums up the entire book for me:    - -  \\"Wait! Are You Saying That I Have to Stop Following Instructions and Start Being an Artist? Someone Who Dreams Up New Ideas and Makes Them Real? Someone Who Finds New Ways to Interact, New Pathways to Deliver Emotion, New Ways to Connect? Someone Who Acts Like a Human, Not a Cog? Me?\\"    Yes.  - -     By the time you finish reading Linchpin, you will believe that you can do all of this. All you have to do, as Seth reminds us again and again, is to make the choice.
0670021652|5.0|This is a compelling, but fun book. It's a book where you can learn something, a book that makes you reflect on marriage, particularly your own marriage, and how marriage fits into life. I loved the history of marriage, the information on how other cultures and women see marriage, I liked the story about her own parents' marriage, and how Gilbert threw in statistics and studies. I thought it was a complete book, informative and entertaining. As for a book group discussion book, that would be a yes. I think this book would forge some really personal conversations between book members, and hopefully no arguments where anything is thrown.
1591843162|5.0|This book is an excellent look at the future that's being created as we speak. It's an invaluable lens into the motivations and machinations that are driving us forward. Nothing I've seen describes the new way that work is beginning to take place better.
1593083343|5.0|Emma is essentially the story of the transformation of Emma Woodhouse from a self-righteous, headstrong young woman to a wise, joyful  woman.  Emma prides herself on her matchmaking ability. The happiness of the marriage of her former governess is her obvious proof.  When she takes on Harriet Smith as her charge and determines to find the perfect match for her, her attempts fail time and time again. Disappointed in the outcome of her attempts, she resolves to only contribute to Harriet's happiness as her friend. In the end, when it seems that a match for Harriet may finally be made between Harriet and Mr. Knightley, only then does Emma realize the truth she has denied for so long and the folly of what she worked so hard for may cost her heart.<br /><br />Emma is a classic by Jane Austen and this is my first time reading one of Austen's works. I certainly understand why the book is considered a classic.  Austen engages the reader who wonders about the outcome until the very end. The style in which it is written requires thought and time to truly understand the story. It is definitely not one that can be read through at a high speed and still comprehended at a high level. Personally, I loved this book.  I would not recommend it to anyone who does not enjoy reading, but I would recommend it to people who are fans of romance.
1591843162|5.0|Seth Godin is widely viewed as one of the sharpest marketing minds of our time. In my opinion, he's more than that - he is a true change agent. His latest book, Linchpin, could not have come along at a better time.<br /><br />We're in the midst of the 22nd recession since 1900, and so far it's been an ugly one. And while the rate of job losses has recently slowed, many companies are still in retreat - freezing salaries, raising health-care premiums, and eliminating training programs.<br /><br />If you're a linchpin, this is an incredible opportunity.<br /><br />I was privileged to attend the book launch in New York City. During the presentation, I learned that the original title of the book was The Chef, The Cook, and The Dishwasher.<br /><br />In a restaurant, the dishwasher is clearly the lowest job available. Someone will always have to fill this kind of role, but that someone doesn't have to be you.<br /><br />The cook follows a recipe - make a particular dish one way, every time. Everyone can follow instructions, so it should come as no surprise that there are a surplus of people available to perform these jobs. And since a cook doesn't create any real value, they have little hope of making more than an average living.<br /><br />The chef is different altogether. A chef may be aware of recipes, but chooses not to follow them. Which means that unlike the cook, her best work is completely unknown. By creating instead of following, she turns her work into art.<br /><br />In the post-industrial age, the artist is the one in demand. Linchpin is the type of book that will push you down this path.
1591843162|5.0|by Josh Bernoff<br /><br />Seth Godin's Linchpin is a remarkable book. You should buy a copy. Unless, of course, you're enjoying that rut you're in.<br /><br />First of all, let's acknowledge that Seth is a polarizing figure. He is the god of small business, and his books like Permission Marketing have transformed the way people think about marketing. But his books are written to persuade and inspire, and rarely have the kind of the gritty proof and statistics that hard-edged businesspeople demand. This leads many leading business thinkers to write him off.<br /><br />The kind of impassioned plea that Seth writes doesn't work if you don't buy the original premise. As a result some recent efforts, like Meatball Sundae and Tribes, haven't really hit the mark. But Linchpin does, in my opinion. I think Seth has discovered a fundamental truth about work.<br /><br />Seth's premise is that today's organizational structure is a throwback to the days of factories, with interchangeable parts and interchangeable workers. Basically, this means that if you do your job as you're told, then you're easy to replace. Seth wants you to \\"become indispensable\\" instead. There are several elements to this. First, you need to make a choice -- wake up and stop being a sheep. Second, you need to do your work as a gift -- as art -- because it makes you happier, not just to please your boss. Third, you need to triumph over your lizard brain -- the part that wants you to conform and avoid dangerous actions that might make you stand out. Fourth, what you start or imagine doesn't matter -- a real linchpin ships products, completes the task.<br /><br />Notice how banal this sounds as I write it out. But this is a radical message, and Seth is the most talented business writer there is. Here are some excerpts from the two dozen pages I dogeared (these paragraphs are from all over the book):<br /><br />  The Boss's Lie:\\"What I want is someone who will do what I tell them to.\\" \\"What I want is someone who works cheap.\\" \\"What I want is someone who shows up on time and doesn't give me a hard time.\\" So if this is what the boss really wants, how come the stars in the company don't follow these three rules?<br /><br />  [On work as art] \\"Art [in this context] is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another. . . . I think it's art when a great customer service person uses a conversation to convert an angry person into a raving fan. And it's art when Craig Newmark invents a new business model that uses the Internet to revolutionize classifieds.\\"<br /><br />  Nobody Cares How Hard You Worked. It's not an effort contest, it's an art contest. As customers, we care about ourselves, about how we feel, about whether a product or service or play or interaction changed us for the better.<br /><br />  The future of your organization depends on motivated human beings selflessly contributing unasked-for gifts of emotional labor. And worse yet, the harder you work to quantify and manipulate this process, the more poorly it will work.<br /><br />  [On the beginnings and ends of projects.] Get scared early, not late. Be brave early, not late. Thrash now, not later. It's too expensive to thrash later.<br /><br />  The resistance [also known as complacency] would like you to curl up in a corner, avoid all threats, take no risks, and hide. It feels safe, after all. The paradox is that the more you hide, the riskier it is.<br /><br />[end of quotes]<br /><br />The real reason I like this book is that after nearly 30 years of work I have arrived in a place Seth would describe as a linchpin and I am loving it.<br /><br />I thought of some of my younger colleagues as I read this book, working so hard to live up to what their bosses have told them they should be doing. Some of them do exactly as they are told. That's pretty dull. Some of them try to work longer hours to accomplish all the grunt work they have on their plates. They're frustrated. Some ofthem identify ways to contribute that nobody ever thought of, generate new ideas, and stand out for their creativity. The best do that even as they get the regular work done. I am drawn to them. They learn fast, and often, go far. Because being a linchpin is a blast.their creativity. The best do that even as they get the regular work done. I am drawn to them. They learn fast, and often, go far. Because being a linchpin is a blast.
0316044695|1.0|Bad writing. With all due respect to Luttrell as a soldier, his heroism doesn't excuse him from criticism when it comes to the book. I don't care whether you're a war-hero, a Nobel Prize winner, or a pig farmer--if your name is on a book, then you (or your ghost writer) should be able to put two sentences together. This guy has never met a cliche he didn't like. It's like reading a romance novel for GI Joe enthusiasts.     The tale is extraordinary; this treatment of it is awful. Which is a shame because what could be inspiring and captivating is merely a waste of time.
B000H6SXMY|3.0|Don't waste your money. I love Friends but the quality of the video is just OK. (I've rented better quality at Blockbuster.) I've tryed playing them on multiple DVD and Blu-ray players and the images are just not sharp. Also there is a problem with skipping, almost every disk has at least spot that are unwatchable even with no visible damage.
1591843162|5.0|Linchpin is inspiring, provocative, and visceral.  It challenges you to look at yourself and your situation from a whole new perspective.  If you really want to create positive change, read it. Then, read it again.  It was awesome!!!
1591843162|5.0|Yes, spot on! ...  Open source, social media, blogging -- the individual now has the production power of the old-world factory.  One person (or a handful) can now create what used to take dozens (or hundreds).  I saw this first-hand working at a larger software company (also reading Seth's blog every day), and decided to take the leap three months ago to start a small new one.  Hopefully this book will inspire others to become entrepreneurs -- either on their own or within their organizations.    I can see old-school managers being afraid of this book.  Needless to say, it's not the book they need to fear, it's what happens if they don't find out how to tap the energy and creative vision of their team members. In fact, this is the type of book that should be read by everyone on a given management team, so that all levels know that individuals are expected to bring their entrepreneurship, innovation, and creativity with them to work each day.  To paraphrase Seth, if you and your employees are replaceable, then so are your company and its products.  Be indispensable.      Vince Scafaria  [...]
B001EN71CW|5.0|Honestly, this is one of the best TV series I have ever seen.  The cast worked so well together and the scripts are, funny, full of action, great science fiction.  Blu-ray quality is the best available, so you can't go wrong there.  If you are looking for some TV entertainment without boring dialog and pointless, uninspired twists, this will leave you completely satisfied; even craving more, though more will never come.(tears falling onto keyboard)
B002X9W50E|5.0|Most Bowie fans, in some form, have seen or heard parts of this show. Be it catching a You Tube clip or buying the DVD for it's fantastic music, this concert is a snapshot of the incredible Reality Tour that all true David Bowie fans must hear. Like most of Bowie's concerts, the track list plays like a greatest hits of his entire career (minus much sampled from the Station to Station era) and he is able to belt out the classics with the necessary bravado and emotion we have come to expect from his smoother, aged voice. He is able to juggle his nearly half a century of music easily and while, obviously, tracks from his most recent album Reality play heavily, songs like Sunday (perhaps one of the most criminally overlooked songs he has released in the past decade)Changes or All The Young Dudes all receive the proper luxurious orchestration and attention to detail. If you do not own the DVD and are a David Bowie fan this album is an ABSOLUTE must, I can say without reserve that this will rank with Ziggy Stardust and The Spiders From Mars as a perfect picture of the majesty and wonder that is David Bowie.<br /><br />  There is, strangely, an emotional aspect to this concert that I hadn't picked up on before. It's no surprise to anyone that Life on Mars? is, in it's own way, an emotional song, a lament of sorts (though not specifically from Bowie's perspective) but the rendition of the track in this show nearly moved me to tears. Fans of groups like Queen will tell you that during a concert it's an absolute given that there are times when the entire audience of a Live Show will belt out \\"Love of My Life\\" or \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\" along with the band, singing at times alone, while the group continues the instrumental adding a layer of intimacy that truly defines the Queen experience. David Bowie fans on the other hand, can tell you that while the audience will sing, dance and clap along, more times then not, it isn't picked up on albums or is specifically turned down during post processing. This isn't the case for Life on Mars? on this album. Not only do we have Bowie's majestic voice, but we also hear a flood of voices, merged into a single sound, singing the words up until the first chorus, giving a beautiful seemingly PLANNED echo. Listen to Life on Mars? on Hunky Dory and then come back and listen to it here. There is no better way to experience the sound that is David Bowie. This is made all the more powerful by the fact that this may be the last \\"release\\" David Bowie gives us as whether or not he ever plans to release another album is unknown and in all honesty unlikely.<br /><br />  Ziggy Played Guitar indeed.post processing. This isn't the case for Life on Mars? on this album. Not only do we have Bowie's majestic voice, but we also hear a flood of voices, merged into a single sound, singing the words up until the first chorus, giving a beautiful seemingly PLANNED echo. Listen to Life on Mars? on Hunky Dory and then come back and listen to it here. There is no better way to experience the sound that is David Bowie. This is made all the more powerful by the fact that this may be the last \\"release\\" David Bowie gives us as whether or not he ever plans to release another album is unknown and in all honesty unlikely.          Ziggy Played Guitar indeed.
B00005MP58|5.0|Bought this for my sister at Christmas, and she was so happy.  It's a wonderful love story.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|I'll admit that I was expecting a lot from this movie. I had heard about the huge budget and effort required to create it and had heard that it was a landmark movie that was going to take the movie business to a new level. I didn't like the movie at all. It was a trite straightforward drama with colorless characters, recycled elements, WOW factors we've seen before and a weak \\"showdown\\" climax.    Ground breaking CGI: Big deal. I don't know about 10 year old kids, but I've seen so much CGI, for so long, that it's simply boring. Yes the glowing flowers and such were beautiful (even if the dandelion seeds were overused), but so what? Movies are best about things in our real world, like courage, loyalty and friendship. Glowing flowers are nice but can't carry a movie.    Too many recycled elements from Aliens, Terminator, Star Wars, and Transformers: Weaver, cybersleep, the loaders, the veloci-copters, the gunship, the flight deck, the pilot, the sarge, the combat drop, the walkers (Star Wars). Even the guy that can't walk now being able to walk is from \\"Lost.\\"    Trite, straightforward and pretty ham-handed drama of the military guy against the ethical soldier against the scientists against the natives...Universal Soldier (Van Damme), Soldier (Kurt Russell).    Avatar concept is old, and even more so now that that concept is recycled into the virtual reality gimmick: Sargon controlling Kirk, Kirk exchanging minds with that crazy lady that wanted to be Captain, Spock's Brain (where his body was controlled by a remote control), The Matrix.    Weaver's character was a waste - she did not play a big part in the story and the part that she did play was sketchy. Weaver had been there how many years? Teaching them English? And she's still there leading the team even though the military is there moving? And the natives still accept her? Weaver is all hostile to the new guy right up until she puts him in the mind link chamber. Then they meet up on the other side and she's allsmiles and charm towards him. Huh?    The climactic battle was a lot like the Ewoks against the Empire in \\"Return of the Jedi,\\" right down to the grenades in the engines.    The big revelation in the movie of the neural network of the trees fell totally flat. That was supposed to be a big dramatic moment but I think everyone in the audience, just like those on the command deck were like: \\"So what? Is that supposed to mean something?\\" There was only a few lines in the movie that supported that plot line and after the big revelation it was pretty much dropped.    Characters were not colorful and well differentiated like in Aliens (All the characters were colorless: The wheelchair guy, his buddy, Weaver, the traitorous pilot, the native mother and father had extremely small parts, the native prince was colorless, even the princess was pretty colorless, the pencil pusher heartless bureaucrat, the Colonel was the only character that was almost good), there was no sparkling dialog like all throughout Aliens.    It seems that some of the \\"Wow factor\\" of the movie was contained in the computer displays in the lab, especially the ones that could be swiped off the wall and onto a tablet PC. If they thought that would impress me....oh please. Spielberg already tried all that exact same stuff in \\"Minority Report\\" to equally unimpressive results and Cameron, of all people, should know that no matter how impressive your production is, it's useless without a great drama with all of the elements needed to make drama great.
1591843162|4.0|I've been a big fan of Seth Godin ever since I first read his book Purple Cow. He always seems to have a way to cut through the B.S. and get right to the point with insights that are both inspiring and actionable. Linchpin is no exception.    Subtitled Are You Indispensable?, Godin's latest book which will be available tomorrow, is not so much a how to, as a call to arms. It's a guide to finding satisfaction and security in today's struggling economy and in the process make yourself a linchpin.    A linchpin is someone who does more than just work hard, but adds value to the work through creativity, innovation, action and connection. His argument is that all important work is art, and that all of us have the potential to be artists. For some of us the canvas for our art is sales, for others, engineering, medicine, marketing, etc. Linchpins do not allow themselves to become cogs in the machine. They find ways to make the machine better.    One of the more important sections of the book is the chapter on the obstacles we create for ourselves that prevent us from becoming linchpins. As I read, I saw several of the self-destructive thoughts and behaviors that have crept into my mind from time to time that have kept me from speaking up or presenting an idea.    Linchpin is an easy read and important for anyone who wants to make a difference in their current situation or find the courage to create a better situation for themselves. It now occupies a place on my bookshelf along with books like Orbiting the Giant Hairball, Eating the Big Fish, and A Whack on the Side of the Head as a book that I can turn to again and again for insight and inspiration.     [....]
B002UJIY7A|4.0|Newlyweds Cliff and Cydney are enjoying a perfect honeymoon in Hawaii- until they run into a pair of dangerous hikers.  Actually, there are 3 sets of couples in this movie (including the main couple played by Steve Zahn & Milla Jovovich).  Trying to find out who the good guys and bad guys are is half the fun.<br /><br />There are plenty of plot twists, thrills, chills, and turns in this film.  There is action and also great cinematography (I am assuming it was actually filmed in Hawaii; if so, it is really beautiful there).<br /><br />Nice acting by Zahn and Jovovich, and all the other actors.  Good chemistry.  Most of all, a great script.  Also check out the movie \\"Pitch Black\\" (sci-fi action film) which has the same director as this film.<br /><br />*Recommended when you are in the mood for:  a thriller movie
B001FSDOZO|5.0|Nickelback are good guys because they write songs that strippers enjoy. I know this because I saw one once on TV late at night after my grandma fell asleep. Also, my stepdad used to hang out in bars and he would bring these heavy-set women home and they seemed to enjoy this type of music also. Sometimes I like to sit outside of Wal-Mart in my car and listen to these guys real loud. Everyone knows I'm cool because I own this CD. You'll be cool too if you buy this CD or cassette tape.
B00127RAJY|4.0|I'm in, I'd say, moderate physical condition.  I don't do a ton of working out, yoga 2-3 days a week, chasing kids everyday. Not in particularly fit condition by any means.  I got this dvd today and did level one and while it was tiring, I recovered quickly and feel like I could do it a couple times a day.  I can see how this could get boring for more advanced people, but I think it'll work to get me in shape to go to Jamaica in a couple months.
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I like Lady Gaga because she dresses neat. Sometimes me and my best friend Clifford build forts and dress up like robot ninjas. Lady Gaga is nice because she seems like she would enjoy our forts. Also, her music is as wholesome as a Grand Slam at Denny's, where I used to work before I got fired for being what they called \\"unsanitary.\\" If you enjoy Nintendo and making action figures out of clay, this will be an appropriate soundtrack.
0385523904|5.0|The Editorial Reviews section of this Amazon product listing does a very good job of concisely describing this book.  I won't repeat it here.    What I will tell you is that if you are interested in taking an accurate peek at this bleak and forbidden place, you probably can't get much closer than this book.  For those who actually do tour the country, mandatory blinders or rose-colored glasses must be worn at all times.  Curious others like you and me get a glimpse of what really lies behind the curtain.    I would have preferred a documentary as opposed to fact-based fiction, but beggars can't be choosers.
B002P5XXR0|5.0|I love Avatar, it is the best 3D movie since \\"Freddy's Dead.\\" It scared my grandma a little bit, but she fell asleep half-way through the movie so it was okay. The music was great though. I like to listen to this CD while I am playing drums with the pots and pans in the kitchen. James Cameron can sure rock out with the best of them, but I wish he would get back together with R.E.M. They need him.
B002RSDW80|4.0|Once again, Meryl doesn't disappoint.  Her portrayal of Julia Child is delightful.  Stanley Tucci is the perfect Paul for her Julia - a gentle but abiding love story.  It's not Amy's fault that the Julie character is a crying whining mess which suffers even more against Julia' zest for life.  This story provides an enjoyable respite from the tiresome football mania of the weekends.  Be forewarned - you will be hungry for a special hearty warm sinfully rich dinner and a nice wine afterward.
1591843162|5.0|If you pass on reading this book, you will most certainly state sometime in the near future - \\"Gee, I didn't get the memo.\\"<br /><br />If you are anything like me, you read non-fiction books with your learner mind and usually when the topic falls somewhere on your radar screen.  Linchpin found me like a heat seeking missal and I quickly joined the few thousand other people who donated the price of the book (or more) to Seth's choice non-profit organization - The Acumen Fund.<br /><br />A little background on where I'll be coming from in this review:  my maiden name is Lynch - so my entire life I heard `lynchpin'.  I decided early that I liked being a linchpin - I did things differently, things that were meaningful to others - as a way to earn it and own it.  So, full disclosure - I'm already biased about linchpins.<br /><br />I've only been aware of Seth Godin for about seven months.  I signed up for Seth's blog after one of the coaches in my master mind group mentioned his name along with one of his stunning quotes.  At first I was amused with his daily blog.  Soon, I became pretty engaged as I had become a student of permission marketing via the internet when I decided to self-publish and self-promote my first book.<br /><br />But now, with Linchpin, Seth Godin is completely in my head.  Not only did I connect with the title Linchpin, but the subtitle - Are You Indispensable? - literally rocked me to my core because it immediately connected with the message in my own recently published book - \\"you must become an irreplaceable talent to thrive in the global 21st century.\\"  More disclosure.<br /><br />This might be semantics but this is one term where I depart with Seth. I've actually been on record to say that it used to be about being indispensable and today - it's about being irreplaceable.  The old connotation of indispensable infers to me that a worker is awarded that description because of what they do for a company or a particular employer that creates value, but it isn't necessarily transferrable to another company or employer if things go bust.  You can't outsource Bono, so his art is irreplaceable.  You could replace him with a warm body - someone who can sing, but would you try?  Certainly not. The over-the-phone customer service person who's ability to calm an irate caller, gain their trust in a matter of seconds, fix their issue, and sell more as a result of earning even more loyalty - this person is irreplaceable - because any number of employers would clamor to have them on the team.  Again, you could replace them with another person and train on the process - but you can't replace the value this linchpin created. This is irreplaceable talent.<br /><br />I finally put Linchpin down after the week it took me to finish reading and I am elated that Seth Godin was able to quiet his Lizard Brain and finish and publish this book.  If you believe like I do that a worker renaissance is upon us, Seth just moved the ball substantially forward for you and me.<br /><br />Linchpin is a gift to humanity.  The book is before it's time which is exactly why it is a gift.  Seth brings the future to the present and eloquently describes why external circumstances, i.e. the ubiquitous workplace, `the factory' is ripe for what he is calling a revolution (like it) and what I call the Worker Renaissance.<br /><br />Highlights:<br /><br />Post Industrial World<br />The world cares more about and places more value on unique voices and remarkable insights than it does on cheap labor and the assembly line ... The proletariat now owns the means of production ... the workers are self-organized on-line; now access to capital and the ability to find one another are no longer problems ... The factory is dead; if the factories are our minds, if the thing the market values is insight or creativity or engagement - then capital isn't nearly the factor it used to be ... Today, the means of production = a laptop computer with Internet connectivity ... Three thousand dollars buys a worker an entire factory ... The Hierarchy of Value: Lift, Hunt, Grow, Produce, Sell, Connect, Create/invent - lots of people can lift, few can sell, to create/invent is scarce and almost no one puts in the work here - this is the linchpin.<br /><br />The old American dream:<br />Keep your head down<br />Follow instructions<br />Show up on time<br />Work hard<br />Suck it up<br />... and you will be rewarded<br /><br />The new American Dream<br />Be remarkable<br />Be generous<br />Create art<br />Make judgment calls<br />Connect people and ideas -<br /> ... and we have no choice but to reward you.<br /><br />Attributes of a linchpin<br />Leverage internal forces (I refer to these as Awareness, Abundance Mentality and Adaptability) - these are available to all of us - they are choices not talents<br />Navigate without maps<br />Create value through emotional labor<br />Detach emotionally from the outcome<br />Give gifts<br />Work is art<br />Art is the ability to create change in a person<br />Give without expecting the get<br />Connect with others<br />Persevere<br /><br />More about linchpins:<br />Artists<br />Work in their strengths/talents<br />Indispensable<br />They ship<br /><br />Key Concepts<br />The Lizard Brain - part of your brain that wants to keep you in fear<br />The Resistance - when the Lizard Brain takes over<br />Daemon - the genius inside you<br />Linchpins create art<br />Gifts play big in the `greater than self' role of work<br /><br />So here's the message - Seth Godin apparently maintains the premise that everyone has talent, (genius and art) - it's the choices you make for what you do with your talent that matter.  Everyone has a Daemon, everyone has a Lizard Brain - who gets through is what counts.<br /><br />The attributes of awareness, abundance and adaptability are three that I've trio'd together - but they are clearly evident in Seth's Linchpin message.  Again - there is the choice to develop these as habits, or not.  These attributes help you quiet the Lizard Brain and let the Daemon through.<br /><br />Focusing on the give v. the get is what opens up the pathways for you to receive back - authentically and abundantly - not the other way around.<br /><br />You have to create value in your work - but it's likely that you first you have to plug into the definition of value in the post industrial world.  There is a real education here for many of us.<br /><br />There is hope here as well.  Hope that leaders, who now subscribe to the old conditions of the factory and worker model, will get this message and get on board to create more places for workers to do their art.<br /><br />Linchpin has a big message for the individual, but Seth has set the table for the greater message as well.  What if the world swelled with linchpins?  Linchpins outnumber everyone else?  What are the possibilities?  Global Prosperity?<br /><br />Bump Linchpin to the top of your must read list and buy it now, because we need you to.The Hierarchy of Value: Lift, Hunt, Grow, Produce, Sell, Connect, Create/invent - lots of people can lift, few can sell, to create/invent is scarce and almost no one puts in the work here - this is the linchpin.    The old American dream:  Keep your head down  Follow instructions  Show up on time  Work hard  Suck it up  ... and you will be rewarded    The new American Dream   Be remarkable  Be generous  Create art  Make judgment calls  Connect people and ideas -    ... and we have no choice but to reward you.    Attributes of a linchpin  Leverage internal forces (I refer to these as Awareness, Abundance Mentality and Adaptability) - these are available to all of us - they are choices not talents   Navigate without maps  Create value through emotional labor  Detach emotionally from the outcome  Give gifts  Work is art  Art is the ability to create change in a person  Give without expecting the get  Connect with others  Persevere    More about linchpins:  Artists  Work in their strengths/talents  Indispensable  They ship    Key Concepts   The Lizard Brain - part of your brain that wants to keep you in fear  The Resistance - when the Lizard Brain takes over  Daemon - the genius inside you  Linchpins create art   Gifts play big in the `greater than self' role of work    So here's the message - Seth Godin apparently maintains the premise that everyone has talent, (genius and art) - it's the choices you make for what you do with your talent that matter.  Everyone has a Daemon, everyone has a Lizard Brain - who gets through is what counts.      The attributes of awareness, abundance and adaptability are three that I've trio'd together - but they are clearly evident in Seth's Linchpin message.  Again - there is the choice to develop these as habits, or not.  These attributes help you quiet the Lizard Brain and let the Daemon through.      Focusing on the give v. the get is what opens up the pathways for you to receive back - authentically and abundantly - not the other wayaround.      You have to create value in your work - but it's likely that you first you have to plug into the definition of value in the post industrial world.  There is a real education here for many of us.      There is hope here as well.  Hope that leaders, who now subscribe to the old conditions of the factory and worker model, will get this message and get on board to create more places for workers to do their art.      Linchpin has a big message for the individual, but Seth has set the table for the greater message as well.  What if the world swelled with linchpins?  Linchpins outnumber everyone else?  What are the possibilities?  Global Prosperity?      Bump Linchpin to the top of your must read list and buy it now, because we need you to.
1591843162|5.0|This book is for the people who want to be more than a \\"faceless cog in the machinery of capitalism\\" (the \\"factory\\"), as well as any company who understands that it needs more than \\"two teams (\\"management and labor\\") and intends to create \\"a third team, the linchpins,\\" i.e. people who \\"can invent, connect, create and make things happen.\\" As was the case of Tribes, this book sits in between several genres: it's a socio-political pamphlet, a manifesto for individual development, and a call to a new workplace.    The book starts with a reference to Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations that focuses on the division of labor. Yes, \\"what factory owners want is compliant, low-paid, replaceable cogs to run their efficient machines.\\" But \\"great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable.\\" So unlock the genius in you. Interact with people. Inspire. Expose your artistry, and invent new rules. In many respects, Linchpin is a sermon in the original sense of the term, a speech addressed to believers whose hopes can be rekindled, and whose beliefs can be linked together. If you are a linchpin - if you can answer \\"yes\\" to the question \\"Are you indispensable?\\" - and if dozens, thousands, hundreds of thousands do the same... in other words, if there is an insurrection of talents, what will happen? The end of pointless \\"factories.\\"    Seth Godin's bibliography at the end of the book is quite remarkable. He refers to real books with real messages. His diehard optimism and his fervent iconoclasm, however, also reminded me of one of the most fascinating assailant of the concept of factory, the Russian Prince Pyotr Kropotkin (1842-1921) who similarly invited his contemporaries to read again the Wealth of Nations' first chapter, in Fields, Factories and Workshops. He added that \\"the artist who formerly found aesthetic enjoyment in the work of his hands is substituted by the human slave of an iron slave,\\" and advocated for a novel \\"integral education\\" to help reshape the future. Such future varies based on any thinker's present. In our time, this future will be designed by the change agents that Seth Godin calls the \\"linchpins,\\" i.e. people who want to make a difference and for whom \\"dignity, humanity and generosity\\" can transparently intersect.
B0012GMZA4|5.0|Great CD, seller and price. I recommend this seller. I am glad to see that Rory is not forgotten. He influenced so many players and he like Mick Ronson, will live forever because of the music they made and the influence.
B001DDBCUK|1.0|I liked the show. Haven't watched it in years. Put the movie in. I want to vomit at how disgusting it is. I literally want to punch the TV in the face. This is really garbage.
0385504225|1.0|Many have commented about how idiotic this book is (and I wholeheartedly agree), but I felt compelled to say something about the science in it.  It's sooooo poorly done and understood that is pathetic...I should say dangerous! I'm worried about the young minds and the confusion this book could cause.    Please parents warn your children...
078322608X|5.0|Oh, go ahead, it's only Science Fiction, but get vaccinated just in case.  And be prepared to watch the movie a couple of times.  If time travel was easy......if time travel was easyy.......if time travel was easyyy.......
B002M3GPOI|4.0|Everything inside this Box is excelent, superb, outstanding, supreme, NON PLUS ULTRA!  I already had almost everything contained in this very. very good box but it was CD3 what made me buy it. It was worth it!  Why 4 stars?  Why was that \\"icky foam compartment insert\\" used? This type of foam degrades in a few years and will actually damage the \\"Jewell Cases\\".  If so much love, care and reseach was dedicated to this release, how could (according to the Box Credits) Hugh O'Donnell (Package Art Design) make such a mistake?  Hey Fripp, where were you when this happened? The same that was done with the \\"Frame By Frame\\" Box should have been done here. After all these years mine is still intact. This will not be the case here.  As a matter of fact I can't recall seeing something like this before.  Music and DVD content 5 Stars.  Package Art and Design... 3 Stars.  Which adds uo to an overall 4 Stars.  As George Harrison said: Isn't it a Pity?  Nothing is perfect!    I'm already waiting for \\"In the Wake Of Poseidon\\"!    \\"Common sense is the least common of senses\\"
1591843162|5.0|The time of the factory is coming to an end. When our grandparents and great-grandparents entered the workforce they were given a promise; come in, put in forty hours, and the factory will take care of you. This promise is no longer an option. With our jobs being outsourced to people who will do the work cheaper and faster, we're going to have to change how we look at the workplace and especially our importance in it. This is exactly what \\"Linchpin: Are You Indispensable\\" opens up and explains. Soon we will be finding ourselves on the loosing end of the PERL (percentage of easily replaced labor) equation and we're going to need to know how to turn the tables around and give ourselves that fighting chance. This book will help you understand our importance and how each of us can be that genius that every company prizes. You will not be disappointed! Want to know more about what I think of this book? Visit my \\"I am the Linchpin\\" blog at [...] and follow my GRAPHIC review!
B001F0VHEM|5.0|What more does one have to say? :-)   I have been following Pink since the beginning of her career.   Love her and her music. She's an incredibly gifted young woman in so many ways.  ...oh, the CD - Love every single track on it. Favorite track, by far: \\"Sober\\"  and the video is amazing.
B002XTBE6K|2.0|This production seems to be receiving rave reviews but so far I find it boring and the acting obvious.  The lead actress is not capturing the essence of her character.  Emma is supposed to be spoiled and pampered but I think this actress is forgetting that you can be both but still be lady like in your manners.  I've seen her in other productions and thought she was good, so perhaps this is the fault of the director??  Also, have you noticed the proximity of the actors to each other when speaking etc., this is not natural nor is it the behavior of proper folks from the upper class.  The acting was far superior in Emma with G. Paltrow, J. Northam, A. Cumming, J. Stevenson, S. Thompson.  See the older version first then you'll see this is filled with many copy cat performances, most of which cannot compare to the stellar cast in the Paltrow version.  I feel as if I'm watching an acting class production.  It's as if the actors are trying too hard.  It doesn't have the warmth, flow or charm of the Paltrow version.  The only stellar performance so far is by M. Gambon.  He knows what he's about as always. He never over acts, he just is the character he's portraying.    Although I do think this current version is beautiful to watch and I appreciate the scenery, it will never come close to the earlier version. The quality of acting is just not there.  I even prefer the A&E production over this one.      I will not be adding this version of Emma to my collection.  I am so disappointed after reading the glowing reviews in the newspapers.
1591843162|5.0|This book, like \\"Tribes\\" before it is a call to action. Seth Godin is calling on us to be remarkable, to stand out, to lead, and to make a difference.       He starts this off by sharing with us how modern corporatization has continued to reduce individual employees to mere replaceable 'cogs' by working safe jobs, being obedient automatons. Further, he shows how by becoming an Artist (not just painting, but doing nearly anything which benefits others and comes from the heart as a gift) opens the doorway to our becoming that remarkable, standing out and being that indispensible person.      To be a Linchpin, we must overcome, or more accurately, outsmart our fears and mental inertia (our lizard brain) and do what we and others are afraid of doing. We must put our efforts into that which we love, what we are passionate about.       We must also change the way we look at our motives and activities. For years whenever we found we had a new skill, or ability, we would ask ourselves 'how can we make money with this'. This is actually pretty small-minded in we seek an audience willing to pay us for these skills and abilities. A Linchpin is looking for ways to share these skills and abilities in the form of gifts to their community, across the internet, everywhere and anywhere. From the gift of our artwork, doors can open to many who would willingly pay for the artwork. There are many great examples of this within the book. My favorite is the section on Keller Williams.      So what is our artwork?       It is what we do, coupled with the flashes of brilliance we all receive from time to time.       These flashes, if realized, can unlock the power of our artwork. Here's a kicker, Seth Godin shares how most people, even some of the most successful people do average activities most of the time just like you and me. It is their flashes of brilliance which they capitalize on which make the difference.       A Linchpin then is someone who loves to give of themselves to help their organizations, their companies by doing what is uncommon through the gift of their artwork. They become artists and share what others are too fearful, unwilling or otherwise unable to share. In this activity, the Linchpins make themselves much more valuable to the organizations they work with and for.      I highly recommend this book, and if you have read other Seth Godin's books, \\"Purple Cow\\", \\"The Big Moo\\", \\"The Dip\\" and \\"Tribes\\" you may see Seth Godin solving a macro-scale jigsaw puzzle which implores us to stand out within the landscape of the 21st Century by sharing how to navigate it more intelligently.
B002M2N9JI|4.0|As soon as I saw the music video for \\"Bulletproof,\\" I knew I had to have La Roux's album.  Channeling David Bowie with some Pet Shop Boys and industrial rock thrown in for good measure, Elly Jackson and Ben Langmaid's debut electropop effort is very strong.  The beats are interesting, and Jackson's vocals give the music a tougher edge than it might otherwise have.      I cannot give this album four stars, however, because at times the music sounds a little too synthed - I know this is electropop, but a guitar or acoustic keyboard track would have broken the album up a bit. La Roux may not be doing anything brand new, but they certainly do it well and I await their next album!    Recommended tracks: Bulletproof, Quicksand, I'm Not Your Toy.
1591843162|5.0|Seth Godin's book Linchpin is a must read for any who wants to understand how society and the business world are changing. You can either become a linchpin or remain a cog right now in a system that will fail you. The message inside this book is strong and the examples, such as using the fact that not all Picasso's paintings were successful, illustrate the book very well. After reading Linchpin, you will have more confidence in yourself and hopefully choose to make a difference at work, instead of just following a manual.
B0013D8LOK|5.0|One uneventful Friday night while curled under a blanket I watched the musical on DVD entitled Sweeney Todd:  The Demon Barber of Fleet Street.  Not expecting much from a movie makes for no disappointments.  I slipped the disc in with no certain hope.  What a surprise when the final credits floated off the screen.  I found myself left with the gruesome reality of what the hunger for vengeance can do to an innocent victim.  Sweeney Todd, a barbaric barber who seeks to settle the score for the robbery of his perfect life, is masterfully played by Johnny Depp.  His devilish companion, Mrs. Lovett, was played by Helena Bonham Carter.  She selfishly keeps Todd blinded to everything but his need for reckoning.  She does this by feeding Todd's ravenous anger with exposed necks for his barber's blades to devour.  The blades themselves could have won an Oscar for best supporting actor.  They were brought to life in the hands of Todd and the lighting of the movie.  They glistened in a similar manner to that of an evil eye just before a malevolent plot unfolds.<br /><br />Todd and Lovett sing charming tunes in a gentle British accent while cutting the throats of whoever may wander their direction.  Although it seems contradicting, it is a perfect melody of emotions which helps the viewer see past the gore and find the relevance of their corruption.  As if this was not enough, the duo further defiles the clueless people traveling Fleet Street by secretly serving their victims up in a pie.<br /><br />Although Todd is sinister and brutal some may say it was not without cause.  He had the life that anyone would wish for:  a lovely wife, a beautiful baby girl, and a successful barber shop.  Unfortunately his idyllic life was coveted and stolen by the dark-hearted judge played by Alan Rickman.  The judge exiled Todd for fifteen years while he defiled his wife and claimed his daughter for himself.  When Todd returns to London he is a changed man.  He has returned angry and ready to make everyone pay for what he has lost.<br /><br />Tim Burton brought his masterful creative eye to this project as the film's director.  Todd begins the movie on a ship headed for London.  He sings, \\"There's a hole in the world like a great black pit and the vermin of the world inhabit it.\\"  Once he hits the shore you see Todd has arrived in that pit.  The mood is perfectly captured in the use of hues and the angles chosen for the camera lens.  Watching the smoke course from the chimney the viewers are left feeling cold and dirty.  You can hear the dampness looming when the unaware city dwellers walk through the residue of rain resting on the cobble stone streets.  The only use of vivid shades is when Lovett attempts to paint the possibility of a happy union between her and Todd.  The contrast in color boldly communicates this future is impossible.<br /><br />If you can tolerate the bloody violence this is a worthwhile movie to see.  Attempt to see beyond the animated slashing and ask yourself, \\"Who benefits from a life driven by revenge?\\"  Retribution can serve a purpose and there are times when bad things happen to good people.  The message is clear; don't be blinded by the need for reckoning or you may become the villain, driving away any chance for peace and you will lose sight of who you love most.ne pay for what he has lost.       Tim Burton brought his masterful creative eye to this project as the film's director.    Todd begins the movie on a ship headed for London.  He sings, \\"There's a hole in the world like a great black pit and the vermin of the world inhabit it.\\"  Once he hits the shore you see Todd has arrived in that pit.  The mood is perfectly captured in the use of hues and the angles chosen for the camera lens.  Watching the smoke course from the chimney the viewers are left feeling cold and dirty.  You can hear the dampness looming when the unaware city dwellers walk through the residue of rain resting on the cobble stone streets.  The only use of vivid shades is when Lovett attempts to paint the possibility of a happy union between her and Todd.  The contrast in color boldly communicates this future is impossible.       If you can tolerate the bloody violence this is a worthwhile movie to see.  Attempt to see beyond the animated slashing and ask yourself, \\"Who benefits from a life driven by revenge?\\"  Retribution can serve a purpose and there are times when bad things happen to good people.  The message is clear; don't be blinded by the need for reckoning or you may become the villain, driving away any chance for peace and you will lose sight of who you love most.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|I've seen the TV version.  I've seen the VCR tapes.  I've seen the DVD.  I now own the Blu Ray.  So worth the wait!  The clarity, the color and the aspect ratio are simply perfect!  If you own no other version, this is a must buy and a steal.  If you already have the DVD, get it anyway.  you won't be dissapointed!    Enjoy!
