6302293553|5.0|This really has to be the funniest movie ever made.  Every nuance, from the obvious sight-gags, such as the freakishly homocidal rabbit, to the more subtle jokes that make not much sense, such as, a person, for no reason, incessantly hitting a pond with a large stick, is perfect, for the purposes of comedy EXCEPT for the ending, which, as you can tell, everyone hates.  The length of the movie is pretty good, but I just couldn't get enough of it.  Yes, some people think it makes no sense, but those people may be..uh...&quot;sane&quot;.  The Joke frequency is right on, making you laugh a lot, but occasionally giving you some space, and the plot itself is pretty good.  A must have, fo VHS or DVD.
6301562143|4.0|This was the first and the best of the new era of Batman movies. Jack Nicholson and Kim Basinger deliver a perfect performance in this one. The opening of the movie is amazing, and it continues with stunning special effects, dark atmosphere, and suspense up until the end. The soundtrack by Prince is good. As far as originality and acting this one stands head and shoulders above the sequels.
B000059TPN|5.0|I knew there was going to be some sort of special edition for &quot;The Rock&quot; because of &quot;Armageddon&quot;. In this prison actioner, disgruntled general Frank Hummel (Ed Harris) has seized Alcatraz with the help of sixteen former marines, some normal, some beyond psychotic. With the tourists hostage, Hummel threatens the city of San Francisco with an ultra-deadly toxin, easily in the form of missiles. Former British spy turned Alcatraz escapee turned convict John Mason (Sean Connery) and an FBI agent (Nicolas Cage) with a particular profession to overtake the prison and save the day. Filled with plenty of kinetic action sequences including an amusing car chase down the hills of the Bay City, &quot;The Rock&quot; is a satisfying action film that succeeds on all levels from it's characters to it's somewhat unbelievable story. With the aid of Jerry Bruckheimer's expertise, &quot;The Rock&quot; is a great action film. It's about time they put out a special edition for this movie.
1556154844|5.0|I am an avid reader and a professional software developer.  I've read plenty of tech books, and this one I'd recommend first and foremost.  It applies to code regardless of language or methodology (object-oriented or structured); it's exhaustive, essential, and complete.  <br />Whether you're a college grad or a professional, you'll improve the quality of your code down to the smallest of details.  This one is as essential to the programmer as Shakespear to the writer.
B000055X3U|5.0|Anathema has shown a remarkable progression from a rather ordinary death metal band to their current incarnation, a spacey, Pink Floyd influenced machine.  Their newest album Anathema is a masterpiece, full of acoustic guitars, piano, bleak emotions and first and foremost incredible songwriting and melodies.  If only they weren't known as an &quot;underground&quot; band, songs like &quot;Deep&quot; and &quot;Pitiless&quot; could easily be played on modern rock radio.  However, don't take this as a sell-out...the material Anathema deals with (alcoholism, death, drugs, etc.) is far too bleak for most mainstream tastes.  Some of the songs on this CD are so beautiful they actually brought tears to my eyes, songs like &quot;Parisienne Moonlight&quot; and &quot;One Last Goodbye&quot; are some of the purest expressions of lost love I've ever heard.  This album is incredible, and deserves to be considered a classic.  GET THIS ALBUM!!!!!!!!!
0131103628|5.0|I've recently re-read this after several years. If you have a serious programming language under your belt (and Visual Basic doesn't fall under that heading), this slim volume may well be the only book on C that you will ever need. There are numerous examples and exercises throughout the book. There are also suggestions and examples of sensible coding standards.<br />The book begins with a brief, thirty page tutorial on core C functionality. What's surprising is that by the end of this chapter, one can write moderately interesting C programs. Following chapters cover various areas in more depth. For example, the sixth chapter covers pointers and arrays. This is an area that many new programmers find difficult. The authors provide a lucid, detailed discussion and an algorithm written in C for understanding complex declarations like:<br />    char (*(*x[3])())[5];<br />That is, x is an array[3] of pointer to function returning pointer to array[5] of char. Of course, one would rarely see such a declaration in practice, but it is important to be able to understand such declarations.<br />The standard library is used throughout and is summarized in an appendix. Some of the examples and exercises indicate how some standard library functions might be written in C.<br />As the authors say, &quot;C has proven to be an extremely effective and expressive language for a wide variety of programming applications.&quot; This book is an excellent learning source and reference on C.
0446604844|5.0|Once again Baldachi's story captures you from the first page and doesn't let you go untill the very last page. His use of charachters is artistic and they pull the plot to various directions without you being prepared. Until the end nobody knows what's going on with Jason, if he's behind the all thing or just a poor victim. I wish there will be more and more books like that one.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is an awesome cd...... this is just POP music!.. this is not opera.. and POP is just for fun and dance! If you like pop music this is the best choice for you, but if you don't, go and buy another cd and stop writing bad review about this
B00003CXE7|5.0|I received a DVD player for Christmas and the 2 Disc Gladiator DVD as well.  This disc is what I envisioned when I finally determined it was time for a DVD player.  Sure DVDs have better picture and sound and you can see the film more as it was intended and try to replicate the theater experience.  As a movie buff, the reason I wanted a DVD player was for background information on the movies I loved.  I think it is obvious that this is a great movie, with Oscar nominations galore, but what makes the DVD so special is all the extras.  Along with commentary on the movie, film trailers, and film ads there are numerous little clips cut from the movie during editing, an hour long documentary on gladiators, pictures of the storyboard for the movie and so much more.  You could truly enjoy &amp; explore all the other features on these discs for a long time to come.  You wouldn't have enough time for it all in just a rental.
B00000099Y|5.0|This has to be one of the best albums i own. It's dark, it's eerie. the lyrics are beautiful and intricate and have whatever meanings you want them too. Definitely music that will open up your perceptions if you let it. When i first bought it i thought the music was awesome and i didn't really pay too much attention to the lyrics. Once i started to do that my mind was blown away. It really is beautiful. So get this album and see if it opens up your third eye. life is but a dream. when we die i wonder if we'll wake up. dreams within dreams. that's what everything is.
B000002N2Z|4.0|this is a really good CD. i love it. The songs are great, and the guitarist and singer are awesome. Their is some nice riffs, like in Root. Some hardcore action, or Minus Blindfold, Engine # 9. Or just regular old Deftones, Bored, 7 Words. You definetaly get your moneys worth if you're a fan of Korn, Spineshank, GlassJaw, or any emo-core band. Recomemnd you get this. Very good.
B000007T1M|4.0|I'd heard OF these guys but paid no attention. I hate Korn, Limp Bizkit, Coal Chamber, ad nauseum and never bothered listening. Then i heard a song on the radio that was by far the best thing i've heard through the airwaves in a LONG while.  The DJ didn't bother mentioning who it was, so i forgot about it. Then in a Mr. Bungle interview Trey mentioned how cool he thought these guys were. Well, if the guys in Mr. Bungle like them, maybe i should give SOAD another chance. I got this, instantly recognized Sugar as being the radio mystery song, and now i'd consider myself a fan. If you want teenage angst, don't bother with this. But if you want some creative and unique metal with awesome unorthadox vocal stylings, check this out.
B000056K04|2.0|One might say that it used to be about the music.  What about now, you ask?  I don't know what to say.  I must admit that I have never heard Dave singing with such emotion.  This is not where the problem (my problem?) is.  The music.  What happened to the rest of the band.  Since the beginning, the scheme has been the same : Dave coming in with a sketch and the other band members giving birth to the whole thing musically.  But for the first time (as said in the last Rolling Stone issue), no one other than Dave was really involved in the process of creating.  Ballard, the new producer, did all the arrangements.  This brings (like I said) great melody and singing, but straight forward instrumental playing and synthetised sounds (recipe for a wider success?).  I understand that they might have needed something new, but I don't like that.<br />Whether you will like this album or not depends on what you really listen to when listening to music.  If for you it's only about the lyrics and melody, giving no importance to whatsoever's surrounding it, go buy yourself this album, you won't regret it.  But if like me it's also about the complexity of instrumentation, the great musicianship, the eclectic sound, forget about this one.  The singing might just not make up for all the weak features.  You would rather wait for the next live album to be out in a year or two, hoping to get a hand on stuff like Grace Is Gone, Grey Street, Sweet Up and Down, Bartender, etc.
B00003CXDG|1.0|This movie i hated for a few reasons  A)There was a very little plot, just stuff blowing up  B)There are a few VERY unreal scenes one being(you might have seen it in the perveiws) where tom cruise and his enemy drive as fast as they can at one another and jump and hit each other...YOU WOULD EXPLODE LIKE A RIPE MELON and other various things of which no normal person would servive<br />Rating-i give it a one because in my opinion a movie is not mad up of explosions and cool vehicles and doodads, its the plot that matters...it you disagree, give it 5 stars
0553296981|3.0|In the book Anne Frank: The Diary of a Young Girl, a young teenage Jew is forced to go into hiding with her family and another family. She had to go into a &quot;Secret Annex&quot; because her older sister Margot got a deportation notice. This is an O.K. book, I saw what Anne went through while in hiding. During Anne's time in the &quot;Secret Annex&quot; she went through changes physically and mentally. She eventually fell in love with the other family son, Peter. While in hiding Anne kept a diary named &quot;Kitty&quot; she wrote in it atleast once a day, she put her thoughts and what has happened. The Nazis eventually found the &quot;Secret Annex,&quot; Annes family got split up into different concentration camps. The only family member that lived was Mr.Frank Annes dad, he found Annes diary in the Annex and published it for the rest of the world to know what happened, and how hard it was at the time. I would recommend this book to anyone that is intrested in the Holocaust, or people who are into history.
B0000508U6|5.0|&amp;#65279;This is an amazing album.  I heard the song \\"Yellow\\" on the radio a few times and really liked it, so I decided I would go buy the album.  Wow, what a treat it was.  \\"Yellow\\" has a unique sound of its own, so if you are looking for an album of \\"Yellows\\" you will be disappointed.  But if you are looking for a moody album that is not scared to show some emotions this is it.<br />Sometimes I wonder why it takes so long for the British bands to get their sound over hear to the US, but when many of them do I am so glad.  \\"Parachutes\\" has won quite a few awards and they are all well deserved.
0140277447|1.0|Even though I am of Chinese nationality myself, I cannot come to oppose Chang's book more.  Here I don't want to talk about the historical accuracy of the massacre, but to expose her faulty reasoning technique and the necessary  damages done to peace resulting from this book.  Sometimes historical narratives are less significant than their context. <br />One thing you'll notice from reading the book is the sense of rage and frenzy on her part, which any prudent scholar should avoid, no matter what stressful historical circumstances he or she is writing about.  She has the right to record historical facts, but no right to demonize a country and a people. I've met Chinese people who, after reading her book or works of similar nature by Chinese contemporaries, say things like &quot;We should have a future massacre of Tokyo&quot; or &quot;wipe out .. country from the face of the earth.&quot;  Such people are still in their teens.  Thanks to Chang's enlightenment on them.  And these teens have even envisioned their joy in committing the same kind of graphic atrocities to the Japanese described in graphic details in Chang's book in their imaged future &quot;massacre of Tokyo&quot;.<br />Secondly, Chang's work is so self-asserting that according to her logic, any scholarly critique of her work would be tantamount to &quot;supporting war criminals&quot;.  If you only object to her figure of 400000 deaths but instead put the figure at 50000 based on substantial evidences, she'll accuse you of denial of war crimes.  Many people who objected to her death toll estimate are now said to be &quot;denying the whole incident&quot;.  And that would soon come to equate of being &quot;Hitler&quot;.  According to her logic, even the western missionaries, whom she gave so much credit for protecting Chinese during the incident, also supported &quot;war criminals&quot; because they put the figure at about 40,000 at the post-war trials.  On the other hand, she does not realize she inflatesthese figures like inflating balloons. <br />Chang now wants three things: 1. Japanese apology 2. reparations 3. Japanese government telling their future generations the truth, and not to visit the so-called shrine that houses war criminals. <br />1.  To what extent is the concept of &quot;apology&quot; really enforceable in terms of international law?  Japan has apologized several times to China in the past (both oral and written).  The communique between the two countries when they first established diplomatic relations in the 70s clearly had a clause in it.  The reason Chang wants another one might be due to two reasons a. The previous ones are not &quot;apologetic&quot; and humiliating enough  b. it is not written separately as a distinct piece of document. <br />Now, the idea of a so-called &quot;confession&quot; is only distinct in Chinese mentality.  Have you ever seen countries warring each other ever issuing a so-called written &quot;confession&quot;?  Even Germany, the country that Chang gives so much credit for being &quot;repentant&quot;, has never issued a written &quot;confession&quot; (reparations nonetheless) as an official government order.  Even the so-called &quot;war-guilt clause&quot;  that German had to accept after WWI, which proved to be so inept and have caused so so many problems later on, did not force Germany to write a so-called confession. <br />2.  It is China who agreed to relinquish the war reparations after WWII, when Japan paid other victim countries.  Japan again volunteered to give China reparations in the 70s but China refused.  Does Chang think reparations are as frivolous as a football game, catching the ball and letting it go whenever one wants? <br />3.  Why does Chang think she has the right to tell what the Japanese government has to teach to their own kids.  I went to an American high school, and if you ask me the details of Americans' massacre of Indians in the past, I cannot tell it to you because that course was an elective <br />About the Shrine: it is far from what Chang has propagated to be.  It is a shrine that dedicates to people who have died in ALL WARS in Japanese history, then of course WWII is one of them.  Just by having someone's name scripted in the shrine does not mean the Japanese government thinks WWII is good.  According to Chang, American people should not have a Vietnam memorial because that would indicate Bill Clinton supports the American involvement in it.  If someone had died for a wrong cause, why is it wrong to commemorate them?  According to Chang, if someone had died for a wrong cause, they do not even deserve a grave.  People like Chang want to strip all traces of dignity from a person, not even allowing them to have a place to rest in their home country.  Just like the confession idea: you have to kneel down before us and say &quot;we have sinned&quot;. <br />I'm sure most Chinese like this book.  But many of them will be turned away when they know her comment about China (she made once in an interview).  SHe called China a dictatorship and its current system must be removed.  All patriotic Chinese would find this message offensive (i'm sure there are a few who love to see this happen).  After all, she is not speaking out on behalf of China, as she alleged (She was clever enough to portray the raparation issue so the blame can be shifted to the Chinese government).  Her bitterness with both Japan and the Chinese government results from her bad personal experiences (her family emigrated due to the communist takeover). All she wants to see is that CHina and its neighbor fight forever (she is an AMerican and lives in America and would not be affected by it).
6302769051|4.0|During the 1980's, the western genre seemed to be dying out, but with films such as &quot;Unforgiven&quot; and &quot;Dances with Wolves&quot;, it may be on the rise again. &quot;Unforgiven&quot; is Clint Eastwood's masterpiece, representing the pinnacle of a long successful career. Although Eastwood is famous for such westerns as &quot;The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly&quot; and &quot;Hang 'em High&quot;, this may go down as his best. The movie borrows themes from other westerns while psychologically analyzing the morals of the West. From the great western &quot;Shane&quot;, the movie uses the idea of a retired gunslinger. It has funny light scenes that are reminiscent of the  western &quot;Butch Cassdiy and the Sundance Kid&quot; as well. The violent end seems to hark back to the western &quot;The Wild Bunch&quot;. This film goes beyond those films though, because there are no clear good and evil sides in this movie. The audience does not really despise Gene Hackman as the bad guy (Best Supporting Actor Oscar). One also feels bad for the two cowboys that cut up the prostitute. One drunken mistake gets them both killed. If it wasn't for the popularity and love of Eastwood, the audience might even despise his character. This film represents the perfect western. With beautiful photography, editing, and directing, it is the very epitome of a great western.
0451169514|5.0|&quot;IT&quot; is a book about seven kids who face a monster clown. When they face thier fears and confront the clown, &quot;IT&quot; disappears. Years later, the clown reappears, and the kids, now adults, face their childhood nightmare to once and forall rid Derry, Maine, from the evil clown, &quot;IT&quot;.
B000050XEI|3.0|With Enya, you need to go with the gorgeous flow.... That is, you need a little time to get into that beautiful mix of words and sounds and finally, let the music take you away to relaxland.... The problem here is that this disc is just a tease.... by the time you're almost there and ready to surrender, it's over! And listening to it again is too repetitious for my taste, even though these are the sort of sounds that seem to blend together anyway.... So buy it if you want to, but just beware of music interruptus!
0786915749|5.0|This book is the essence, and masterpiece in the Dragonlance series. It is possibly the best fantasy book ever written, with a unique blend of interesting characters that you grow to love, plot lines that offer every conceivable luxury to a reader, and timeless relationships. Throw in a setting (Krynn)unparalleled by any other fantasy writer (with the exception of J.R.R. Tolkien), and you have an epic book. To me, this book is to fantasy literature what Star Wars was to film making. To say it is a must read is an understatement. I would recommend it to people of any age, as the money spent on it will pay itself off in the first 5 minutes of reading. The best book, in the best trilogy, I have ever read.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I bought this DVD without renting it first, which was a big mistake. With all the &quot;critical acclaim&quot; it got, I figured it was worth a shot when I saw it on sale at a local store. I found almost no humor in what turned out to be the darkest &quot;black comedy&quot; I've seen in years. While I'll admit that the acting was excellent, the story itself is just sick. If you think you might be interested in this movie, do yourself a favor and rent it first.
6305728437|5.0|There just isn't a better video to watch with your daughter.  I get teary every time!  The ending just kills me.  I can't watch it unless I can hug my six year old!
0452273331|5.0|I have been waiting to read a book like this for a long time. Ever since I read Marx's and Engel's &quot;Communist Manifesto&quot; in college, I had very refutable thoughts against their visions of the ideal state and a human's relation to it and in it - I just couldn't articulate them. I knew that there was something not right with an individual giving up her/his own self for the &quot;good&quot; of the people (or state). It just didn't sit well with me, but I had a very hard time trying to articulate my thoughts and arguments. <br />Then along comes Ayn Rand with &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; (HALLELUJAH!) She does an outstanding job defending the right of the individual and self. Moreover, she presents it in the form of a novel and not a step-by-step detailed list of her ideas, which is much more enjoyable reading. It is a brilliant story set in America in the 1930's during the time when most of Europe was being consumed under the dark cloud of communism. And that dark cloud was setting its course overseas toward America. <br />I won't provide any details about &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; (besides, there are plenty in others' reviews) but I will say that I thoroughly enjoyed reading it. Yes, the novel has its shortcomings, such as its length (ever read &quot;War and Peace&quot;?) but even that isn't so bad once you get into the book. Some have argued that Rand herself is guilty of propogandist ideas, but everyone has her or his own thoughts/judgements, and herein lies precisely the theme of the book - YOU have a right to your OWN thoughts, ideas, judgments, and no one or nothing else could or should control them or make them for you. <br />Love it or hate it, it is a must read for all; I recommend it highly to all college students. And, I can't wait to read more by Ayn Rand.
0694003611|5.0|Not too many nights go by with me or mommy getting away with not reading this book to our daughter at bedtime, at least twice.<br />Last night we couldn't find it (aka I was too tired to look for it) so we turned out the light and recited the book from memory. I just love to hear her say, &quot;Goodnight nobody.&quot;<br />This is a great first book for a child just starting to master speech.<br />There are also neat things in the illustrations you can point out to your child, like where's the mouse in this picture? (He moves around from page to page.)
0783240503|1.0|AS an admirer of the great JC Superstar and Cats, I expected much. But, this was really disappointing. What's the point? What's the narrator for? Songs are weak (no memorable song). Nothing special in story. No enjoyable dance. Strange mood of adult (costumes! and even the narrator herself). And school boys and girls...for what? I really enjoyed JCS and Cats movie but I cannot recommend this(Joseph) at all. Boring and nothing enjoyable.
B00003CXE6|3.0|I am a big fan of anything dreamworks does, and I thought that this was a good movie for the most part. this was the best movie that I have seen Crowe in, next to maybe Mystery, Alaska. I thought thta Joaquin Phoenix was an exceptional villian. The only thing that makes me give it 3 stars is two things, this movie was somewhat predictable, and the ending. This has been a ending that has been used in most of the big films in the past little while. Braveheart, Sabing Private Ryan, as well as the Crow have used the same, or similiar endings. I personally feel that it is a little old. Other than that it was a good movie.
B00005214X|5.0|If you would like to hear George Harrison at his best then order this!  This is  a wonderful edition.  George Harrison wrote the songs while still with the Beatles. Paul and John never really took him seriously as a songwriter.  George himself said it was like being constipated!  The additional tracks are fun to listen to!  My Sweet Lord takes some getting used to, but is enjoyable and fun to hear new George Harrison!  I live for you is a lovely song.  The song Wah-Wah was written about his Beatle experience and the headache of it all.  The album is George at his best!  It is worth listening to again and again.  The songs are hauntingly beautiful!
0767903854|4.0|The four stars are because its Bill Bryson.  His other books were maybe not as informative but they were much funnier.  Perhaps he was there too long or there was too much to write about.  Since we shall be going to Australia in the Summer I was glad to have had this overview but I really missed his humour which was not on every page as is the norm.
0553282980|3.0|I just wanted to say that the film is much better than the book. In the film the characters of the persons are much better described and you can understand them better. It's more fun to watch the movie, than reading the book. It's really interesting to see how the boys react and how they live their lifes. in the film there are much more emotions and you can sympathize with the boys. So there is no better thing to do than watch the film!
B000000OSW|5.0|Peter Gabriel continues to inspire all who listen to his music.  The US album, about communication and love, represents Gabriel's ability to convey a message without being soppy or overdone.  Sophisticated sounds and arrangements make for a pleasing combination of things to come as you listen through the album.<br />BUY IT.. you will be happy you did!
B000056VIY|3.0|This album can not be compared to On The Six which was MUCH better. My favorite song is I'm Real which sounds like Feelin' So Good. Parents, if you're planning on buying this for your young children and you care about bad language, in the song Play Ms. Lopez decides that screaming out the &quot;F&quot; word would be a good thing to do. I think this is a disgrace considering that many of her fans are children. This CD is great if you're a huge J.Lo fan. My favorite songs are Play (despite the little explicit outburst), I'm Real, Ain't It Funny, Come Over, We Gotta Talk, That's Not Me, and I'm Gonna Be Alright.
6305627347|5.0|This is the best feature length film ever made.  Comedic geniuses Trey Parker and Matt Stone are at their finest.  They point out the fallacies and hypocrisy of our society.  The... poor parenting, that is widely accepted, is displayed in it's true form. The music is superb and the Disneyesque overtones are fantastic.  <br />Displaying Satan as a likable battered &quot;spouse&quot; is a master stroke of Biblical accuracy.  The mothers blaming Canada for their children's behavior is incredibly insightful of today's parents.  <br />The government, schools, medical profession, entertainment industry, church, and family are all under attack in this movie.  And for all the right reasons.  <br />Definitely a must see!
1559408898|5.0|I was one of the lucky few that was able to purchase.  What a great purchase it was!  This DVD has it all.  Teaser trailer, Theatrical Trailer, extensive storyboard commentary, a huge production notes write up which is one of the most impressive I have ever seen on a DVD and the full uncut version of the film which I think is a masterful display of genius special effects and sadly missed moments that should not have been cut from the film.  You simply have to see the movie to understand why because I think the MPAA is just a bunch of bureaucratic c*cksuckers.  Excellent sound and picture quality!  Outstanding DVD interactive menus and an overall great package.  This DVD is a keeper!  Get lucky and buy yours now!
B000056K04|2.0|Dave once said in an interview, &quot;I think we give people more than one thing to listen to at all times.&quot; That's no longer the case. &quot;Everyday&quot; marks a departure for the DMB, of the sour kind. Dave's lyrics are still quasi-poetic thoughts on love, but the only things left to listen to are electric guitar and pounding drums (not that Carter's pounding is bad). When you find yourself keeping your ears out for Boyd's strings and Leroi's horns, you start to wonder if you're not listening to Hootie and the Blowfish. Everyone goes on about what a daring departure this is for the band, and the stuff on the Lillywhite Album (JTR, Grey Street, Grace is Gone, etc.) may be more of the same, but it is technically better and far more interesting that the banging, clanging, sounds-like-all-the-others tunes that Ballard has super-produced. Sixty bucks for a concert? If I still get to hear &quot;Lie in Our Graves&quot; and twenty minutes of &quot;#41.&quot; Dave, we counted on you to sound different. Anyone know who Steve Lillywhite is producing? I'd be interested in hearing some of that.
B000002UAU|5.0|The beatles have become more and more important in our universal cultural society and that might not be  a reason to missinform consumers on the heritage they left for the world to share. Children are the most influenced by acquisition procedures and media so why not give them an opportunity to hear something that can be brand new to their ears and emotions and that can make them feel the excitment of sounds that will have a special meaning for them as they learn to make them valuable throughout their lifes. This was my own experience for I was less than 12 years old when I had the chance to get this outstanding piece of art. At that time I didn't know much about music nor about English language ( my native language is Spanish). In spite of that, the sounds and rhythms of the music got me to know there was something special in those songs that I had to find out by myself. I's been more than 20 years since that day I felt encouraged to save my cents to buy it and every now and then I listen to it I feel time has gone by just for a little while. I'm sure I will enjoy listening to it with my two children (4 years old and 4 months old) when they become curious about these four british gentlemen who wanted to be somebody once upon a time and did not imagine they would inspire many people every where to make their dreams come true just with a little help.
B000056K04|5.0|While the songs are catchy they may not be quite as memorable as other DMB albums.  However, these songs do have a true depth to them.  These are the songs that you hear and think of those nights when you jumped in the car, rolled down the windows, and hung your head outside just to feel the wind against your face.  This type of music is thought provoking (most DMB is) and captures moments that we have all felt at some point or another.  The Space Between Us and Sleep To Dream Her are songs that capture a certain place in time that most only remember in their mind.  All in all, this may not be a typical Dave Matthews album but it still has great musicianship and many of the elements that make the band one of the music scene's top draws.
B00003CWNR|5.0|The title, &quot;The Cider House Rules,&quot; refers to a list of &quot;Don'ts&quot; posted in the bunk house where migrant apple pickers stay on a New England farm near the sea, in the early 1940's.  The illiterate workers have stayed there for years not knowing what the rules are.  When the list is finally read to them, it turns out they've been breaking them for years.  They are small rules, like don't eat lunch on the roof.  They have no meaning.  Meanwhile, a very serious, unwritten rule with consequences has quietly been broken.  This becomes the metaphor for the primary story of an orphan who grows up apprenticed to the doctor who takes in homeless children or performs abortions, depending upon what is asked or needed.  For the orphan, the latter is not an option because it cancels out the meaning of his own life.  When he takes off to explore the world, without ever leaving Maine, he discovers that making meaning is a very difficult, chaotic process.<br />For a film that celebrates simplicity, The Cider House Rules is difficult to sum up in a small space.  In episodes that are deft (&quot;stark&quot; others have said), even fleeting, there can be a thicket of symbolism and feeling that defy easy description.  A strong hand keeps this on the humane side, rather than the sentimental.  It is not oppressive, though.  The acting is wonderful; Michael Caine is splendid as a man who makes it his business to try to elevate the saddest problems in life to the most meaningful.  Each night, he says a sincere good night to the cast-off children, imparting a rhythm of safety and grandeur to their lives, though he is well aware of the fragility of life. <br />Though I've have not read the book and can't compare it, this must be a good case of the text surviving the camera. The film has a novelistic feeling without sacrificing its movieness.  Well done.
B0000508U6|5.0|I found that the album was the easiest to listen to in times when I just needed to think... and yet it was suitable for any time really.  The words are thought provoking and the mood just right.  A superb purchase - if you liked 'Trouble' or 'Yellow' there's more of the same type on the album and yet Coldplay manage to make each track different.
0800177177|1.0|Read Bram Stoker's Dracula FIRST. Please. Preferably late at night, in bed, with only one light on beside you. And let the shudders run deliciously up your spine.<br />Then watch this. If you must.<br />What bothers me most is the gall of Coppola to call it *Bram Stoker's* Dracula. It isn't. It is visually gorgeous, erotic, if sexist (why's Sadie Frost always popping out of her top??) and presents an interesting reason for why Dracul became Dracula. As a love story, it worked, and in that context I enjoyed the relationship between Mina/Elizabeta and Dracul (during a second viewing). But I was expecting a version more faithful to the original, so was very disappointed and unable to appreciate it the first time around. I do think it is a lovely movie, but the acting left me cold (Anthony Hopkins couldn't even take it seriously, why should I?). So it gets one star, for being nowhere near as captivating as the novel, for the misleading title, and generally disappointing feel.
B0000508U6|5.0|I just bought this record and have to say that it lives up to all Ive heard about it.  It's glorious, and thats the word that keeps popping to mind.  The only other records I've discovered lately that are equal are Grandaddy and Sensefield.
6304143184|5.0|As if seeing the little boy Elliot hug his new best friend E.T. at the end wasn't enough to make your tear ducts burn with the desire to let a few drip down your face, E.T.'s magically illuminated finger ignites with life and casts a warm glow onto the tearful face of the friend he's about to leave behind and says the words that warmed hearts around the world: &quot;I'll be right here.&quot; The music soars, E.T. picks up his plant, and the tears proceed to trickle down my face and land with a nice little plop on my pants before they are absorbed by the denim fabric. But they aren't tears of sadness, like they are when E.T. is defibrilated; they are tears of joy and happiness. This little creature whom I, as a viewer, have become so attached to, is finally getting what he wants: To go home, but at the cost of the first best friend he ever had. No one is good at goodbyes, and everyone knows this, which is what makes the ending to &quot;E.T.--The Extra-Terrestrial&quot; so wonderful. The movie makes your heart glad. It is wonderful, charming, scary, funny, realistic, visually stunning, and exciting as hell. How many times can you truly say that a single movie embodies all of those qualities, plus a lot more that I haven't even mentioned? A handful at most. &quot;E.T.&quot; is one of the few masterpieces I can claim to have seen. It is right up there on my list of all-time favorites with &quot;American Beauty&quot; and &quot;Magnolia,&quot; and it is the only movie to ever make me cry in front of company. You make poke fun at me if you will, but I'm no less of a man for admitting it, so keep your testosterone-seething jabs at my psyche to yourself. Thanks.
B000002U8U|5.0|In my opinion, this is Bob Seger at his best. This is great all the way through, a real quality piece of work indeed. When are we going to see a remaster for this?? There's a remaster for &quot;Night Moves&quot; but not this one - we are way overdue!
B000000WG4|5.0|I find it hard to put in words my feelings for this album. It is truly a musical masterpiece in the first degree - comparing favorably to most anything in the rock genre, and even classical symphonies. The fact that this album single-handedly launched the Virgin Record label into the stratosphere, became the theme for a hit movie, appeared on Pure Moods and other compilations, and more or less spawned a new musical genre are testaments enough to it's greatness. However, if you are still unconvinved, simply listen to it. Mike Oldfield is an incredible musician, he plays more instruments on this album than most people know exist. The slow-building opening theme (familar to many as the background music in The Exorcist) gets the album off to a slow and suspenseful start. The rest of Part 1 is absolute mastery, culminating in the recurring melody played on an increasing barrage of instruments, until Oldfield's tubular bells bring the piece to it's conclusion. Part 2, though good, is, in my opinion, not as good as Part 1. It starts off well enough, surely, with some extremely nice guitar work from Mike. However, towards the latter part of the album, the odd-sounding vocals and less impressive musical passages bring the piece down a bit. However, this does not affect the quality of the album as a whole. I totally recommend this album to anybody who likes brilliantly structured and played music of any kind, regardless of your personal tastes and favorite genres. Tubular Bells remains a classic for all times.
6305750750|2.0|This movie has it all : ACTION , BIG stars , EXPENSIVE &amp; STUNNING special effects and somehow it doesn't come to be this great movie I've expected it to be .. maybe it is the somewhat childish script and acting ( of Jar-Jar and other CG carachters ) which isn't convincing . While I enjoy watching the 1st trilogy over and over I wouldn't watch this one again .
B000056K04|5.0|I am also one of those Dave Mattthews Band Fans that was a little hesitant about the album. At first, I was afraid of repeatative music that some bands start playing when they get older. Not DMB,  not only do they keep their awesome sound, they out do themselves with another album. This album gives you that amazing feeling that Dave Matthew's music gives you when you listen to them!!<br />It is A MUST HAVE for everyone!!!!
B00003CXC7|5.0|Key word being  &quot;visual&quot;.  With this movie, Hitchcock, fantastic bully that he was, forces those of us who consider ourselves  &quot;decent&quot;  (whatever that means)  to confront the nasty voyeur within.  Of course, those who cheerfully admit being voyeurs will absolutely adore  &quot;Rear Window&quot;.  In case you haven't seen it, it's about a professional photographer  (the ever-solid James Stewart)  who's laid up with a broken leg.  Out of boredom, he begins peering into other people's apartments across the courtyard, using a comically large camera lens  (torpedo would be an apter description).  Naturally  (for this is a Hitchcock picture), he sees something in one of the apartments which leads him to believe that a certain man  (Raymond Burr)  has done away with his wife.<br />The story is top-notch; but what will really impress the movie-lover is the sheer technical brilliance here.  Almost the entire film is one long-shot -- and from a first-person point of view, at that.  Astonishing.  The Master is not known particularly for his visual finesse  (I keep thinking of  *Suspicion*, with that ridiculous  &quot;spider-web&quot;  shadow from the window-panes all over the inside of Joan Fontaine's house), but here his concepts are boldly conceived and fortunately executed.  Further, the DVD version looks smashing -- obviously supervised by a technical wizard.  Indeed, this 46-year-old movie looks sharper and fresher than most movies released last year  (think  *Gladiator*, with its murky computerized palettes).<br />*Rear Window*  is a masterpiece, natch.  But then, if you love movies, you already own it and I'm speaking to the converted.
B000002ADT|5.0|This Miles Davis release was a defining moment in the history of 20th century American music. Pure in motivation, design, and execution, it is as close to perfection as artistic endeavors could ever hope to be. This CD joins the select works of Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington as the musical ideal often imitated but seldom equaled.
B00000BKDS|5.0|It is not the best Maiden album, but it's still amazingly perfect. I'll start by telling you that every song is GREAT, as simple as that. You name the song, and it's simply a masterpiece. Secondly, Paul Di-Anno is a huge vocalist. Let's not start with comparisons to legendary Bruce, but Paul is also excellent. I am especially in love with his &quot;ooooh-yeah-hi-ye&quot; screams (Running Free). Song like Strange World and Remember Tomorrow leave you breathless. I am currently listening to Strange World and just can't express my feelings (you feel like you're floating in the heavens).  Get this album as soon as you can, even if it involves killing the salesman for 10 cents (do it at your own risk..) ITS THE CLASSIC OF ALL TIMES!
B000005YZM|5.0|Another astounding late 60's album like Love's &quot;Forever Changes&quot; that always seems to get lost in the maelstrom of the Beatles/Stones/Who/Doors/Byrds oligopoly of musical greatness. You can also lump The Lovin' Spoonful's HUMS and The Mamas &amp; the Papas' IF YOU CAN BELIEVE YOUR EYES AND EARS in this group of lost classics as well. ODESSEY &amp; ORACLE (sic) was The Zombies final album, released in 1969 in the States, a full year after its release in the UK. The ubiquitous classic &quot;Time of the Season&quot; aside, this album easily ranks up there with SGT. PEPPER and the NOTORIOUS BYRD BROTHERS as a landmark psychedelic pop-rock album. Rod Argent's songwriting genius and Colin Blunstone's husky vocals place the Zombies miles from the more bubblegum lightweights like The Turtles or Herman's Hermits. If you haven't heard this album, I guarantee you songs like &quot;Care of Cell 44&quot;, &quot;Brief Candles&quot;, &quot;Hung up on a Dream&quot;, &quot;I Want Her She Wants Me&quot; and &quot;This Will Be Our Year&quot; will be sheer ear candy. This album is incredibly, almost disturbingly, addictive. Sometimes I can't seem to pry it from my CD changer!
6305064490|5.0|I never tire of seeing this film. My heart rejoices and breaks back and forth. It goes over the edge in one direction but finds salvation in that scene where Jimmy Stewart let's all his frustration and pain out, at his wife (Donna Reed) and children, toward the end of the movie. Who hasn't been there? You give so much for others and yet must suffer the imcompetence and shortsightedness of their personalities. He's torn apart yet holds true to his values. Is he real or just fiction? I think there's a million George Bailey's in the world. They live quiet productive lives. This is about a guy like so many who are never recognized. This guy bleeds. This guy gives. This guy lives in your town. Just need to find him.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Thank God for Soderbergh..no pun intended. I loved this movie.  I'm a big fan of challenging authority and questioning their decision making, and this film does just that.  When will our government and other countries authoratative figures wake up and learn that the WAR On DRUGS is a complete waste of time and money.  This film speaks volumes about the reality of the aforementioned situation and anyone needing a clue about the drug culture should run to see this film.  Benecio Del Toro gives an Oscar worthy performance, Douglas and Zeta-Jones hold their own.
B00000DC10|5.0|For me, this record set the standard. I had been listening to hardcore for a few years, you know, Converge, Cave In, Turmoil, etc and had heard Refused, but never really given them a chance. Though most everyone I knew who owned this record would not stop talking about it. So I went out and bought it. Ever since then, my entire presepctive on hardcore and music in general has been changed. I have been playing in a hardcore band for a few years now and writing music for even longer. The arangement of the songs is brilliant. Perfect dynamics...each song stands alone, though most are linked together with various clips and segues.  Even better, as different as each song is, the album possesses a unity that is so hard to find. To top it off, the layout includes provocative manifestos and ideas regarding the bands' politics and viewpoints.  As sorry as I am that they have called it quits, it is such a perfect ending. Why not go out on top? BUY THIS RECORD.
B000056VIY|5.0|I really dont understand how people can say this is awful!! Its a great pop album, leave it alone!! And i would have to disagree that its worse than 'on the 6' because although i enjoyed her first album it isnt a patch on this and i like most of the songs on here, i only liked about 7 songs from 'on the 6'!! Many of you im sure will be confused as wether to buy this because there are so many mixed reviews. Well put it this way, if you like 'Love dont cost a thing' your gonna like this album. It still carries a strong Latin influence on 'Aint it funny', 'Carino', 'Dame' and 'si ya ce acabo' which are all funky little choons. There is quite alot of r'n'b pop on this album on 'LDCAT', 'Im real', 'that's the way', 'we gotta talk', 'that's not me' and 'dance with me'. They are all fun hits!! And stomping dance songs are 'play' (similar to madonna music!), 'walking on sunshine' and my fave 'im gonna be alright'!! There are only 2 slow songs 'come over' and 'secretly', these are the only 2 songs on the album which i dont like, but only 2 filler songs on one album is good!! People are quick to criticize her voice, which i think is unfair, she is no Whitney but it certainly is listenable. It is a bit thin, but on this album Jennifer has realised this and doesnt try too hard to stretch it. This has entertained me for 5 weeks since i bought it, and for me that is saying something!! All  that Jennifer wants to do is entertain us, so ignore the bashers and take advantage of this grade A pop album!!
0789723107|5.0|This is the 1st book I have read on Web Usability. And from that perspective, it deserves 5 stars.<br />This book has whet my appetite to delve deeper -- it is a rather short book. And while Krug covers the wide spectrum of Usability, I will have to look elsewhere to delve in deeper. However, I will read all future (and deeper) books with Krug's principles as my foundation. <br />Most of those who gave it less than 5 stars were experienced Web Usability folks. They have a valid point -- this book is not terribly deep. But don't let that stop you from buying it, especially if you are a beginner...it will lay a great foundation for your knowledge of Web Usability, and gives good, practical advice for all.
1577311523|5.0|Eckhart Tolle's &quot;The Power Of Now&quot; is the book of all books. As a student of Truth for the past 25 years, I felt I'd studied and worked with all the Masters, to numerous to name, then comes Eckhart Tolle who cuts through all the reading between the lines and lays it straight out, as clear and plain as the nose on your face. The tapes are a great compliment to the book, although, I carry the book around with me everywhere. Presently, it is an aide to keeping me conscious that Now is all there is. The &quot;Power Of Now&quot; is the greatest!!  My daughter and I practice The Power Of Now everyday in our business, Kreative Consulting, INK, Inc. (KCI) . .  Thanks Eckhart!   For more information regarding KCI . . [...]
B000056K04|5.0|I will always love UTTAD the best because it is one of the best studio albums. Ever. Everyday is dmb's second best I think, mainly because I admire their decision to revamp everything and be different. Also, it's an awesome piece of work within itself. <br />I went to the first Giants Stadium concert last summer where they played many of the original new songs that were later abandoned.  I hate to say it but the concert was boring because the songs were.  They sounded too similar to each other and similar to songs they had done before. The spark wasn't there. It was painfully clear by the audience's reaction that their new album was going to be a flop.  I'm glad they saw they needed to make changes and saved us all from the heartache that would have been Grey Street.  <br />Yes, everday has more commercial sound overall (for you self-proclaimed traditionalists sorry to break your hearts but they were already a commercial band ---&gt; &quot;crash&quot;), but don't worry.  DMB did not fail their fans with this album at all.  The songs are shorter than usual but everday is only supposed to be a sampling for what will be on the ulmighty tour. There the songs will become twice as long and Boyd and LeRoi will rip it up as they always do.  It will be a great summer.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|It's an awesome piece of &quot;art&quot;.. The melodies have come back!! (at last...)<br />It reminds me of great masterpieces like &quot;Hallowed be thy Name&quot;, &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot; and &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot;...<br />There have been people saying &quot;get rid of Janick Gers&quot;. But please keep in mind that he IS a part of the band and he IS a part of the rich music in the album. Eliminate Janick, and the songs would be quite boring. I don't know what Maiden's gonna do if they fall back to 5 people.. The concerts will become dull if they try to play songs like &quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot; or &quot;The Bloodbrothers&quot; w/o Gers...<br />UP THE IRONS, FOREVER!
B00004SCX6|4.0|I think that Britney Spears is a fascinating and lovely girl! I love her--- (i did it again) this album gave me a deep and profound impression because of her awesome voice!!!-- It is the best albums that i have ever listened.alrihgt! It is really very good.
B000003BEM|5.0|Most youngsters today think of the Rolling Stones as a bunch of wrinklies that take their carnival  out on the road every few years , with the hollow proclamation of being the best rock&amp;roll band in the world , to sell T-shirts and fill up their wallets . But , once upon a time.....<br />   After their ill advised forays into psychedelia in 1967 , the Rolling Stones took stock , and decided to record a back to basics album influenced by country , blues , and rock&amp;roll , and they seasoned it with some of Keith Richards most blistering guitar riffs . They created a masterpiece that was the antithesis of everything that the summer of love had stood for . The album payed homage to the everyday man in the street , celebrating his dark side as well as his strengths , it also celebrated the dark forces that had shaped the twentieth century .      Jagger and Richards were certainly firing on all cylinders in the making of this album , as they wrote at least half a dozen bona fide classics that have stood the test of time - &quot; Sympathy for the devil &quot;,&quot; No expectations &quot;,&quot; Jig-saw puzzle &quot;,&quot; Street fighting man &quot;,&quot; Stray cat blues &quot;,&quot; Salt of the earth &quot;, the list is astounding . <br />   Rather than drying up musically the Stones went from strength to strength ( Jagger and Richards had certainly found their muse ) and from 1968 to 1972 they released the following studio LPs - &quot; Beggars banquet &quot;,&quot; Let it bleed &quot;,&quot; Sticky fingers &quot; and &quot; Exile on main street &quot;,  probably the greatest run of albums in rock history ( the Stones would never sound so menacing again ) and for that period ( dare I say it ) they WERE the best rock&amp;roll band in the world !<br />   If you haven't heard any of these albums , do yourself a favour and invest in this cornerstone of musical history ( you won't be disappointed ) . <br />   Did you know that a famous record label was named after this album . ( A bit of useless trivia for you ) .
B000003RCY|3.0|This is better then &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; maybe a little worse then &quot;Live Aus Berlin&quot;! The version of &quot;Weises Flisch&quot; on &quot;Live Aus Berlin&quot; Is wayyy better! And it happens to be one of my favorite songs, but only in the &quot;Live Aus Berlin&quot; album! these guys are pretty good musicians, but the lyrics to alot of their songs are well...kinda weird! ( If you can speak German you'll know what I mean.) The ONLY songs that I lission too are, &quot;Du reicht so gut&quot; ( you smell so good), Seeman ( Sea man), and &quot;Heirate Mich&quot;! I do like this Cd, but I would recomend &quot;Live Aus Berlin&quot; over it. But the songs do grow on you! Who knows, maybe I'll give it 5 stars after I lission to it more. Go ahead and buy it!
0425170349|3.0|well,i found some of the book insulting.like some of technical terms,or the many slurrs against european or irish people.and the the charaters arnt very developed,it is usually the same with most clancy books,but the pc game is enjoyable
B000056K04|1.0|This album was produced by Glen Ballard - it shows. Usual DMB albums have songs that run to extremes - loud, soft, instrumentally focused, voice focused - and carry emotions and detailed sounds that run to extremes. This album feels like someone took it, and streamlined all the songs so that they are all 3-minute pop songs. Each one strives to be that - and they all end up sounding the same. Gone are the variations in tone, emotion, and strong instrumentation. Instead, all the instruments sorta just blend together into a big mush. Yeah, I guess this is what makes a pop hit - but this isn't what made people like DMB. I liked them because they were different - something that doesn't sound like every other pop hit on the radio. What was also best about DMB was that some of the best songs were the ones never played on the radio. Now that they all sound the same, some of that magic is gone. If you want this disc, I'd wait and get it used in a couple weeks or months.
0440219078|4.0|I really enjoyed the book The Giver by Lois Lowry. It is a great book about a child in an unrealistic world. He has the job to handle the whole world's memories. It is a great book with an excellent story line. It is a must have, you should all purchase the book right now. Jonas, is the coolest kid. Plus, the story has a great meaning behind it. That is that a society who loses the past is bound to make the same mistakes, and that society can become corrupt, so don't let it happen.
B000002IZM|5.0|The Blade Runner Soundtrack, despite it took 12 years to release it, since it was originally a &quot;PolyGram Recording&quot;, but was changed to &quot;Atlantic Records&quot;, still is astonishing for it's time.  The Music is very jazzy and electrical, since it's about the future society.  Most the tracks contain Film dialoge straight from the film.  One weird thing about it is that most of the tracks where unreleased and weren't in the movie, such as &quot;Memories of Green&quot; and &quot;Tales of the Future&quot;.  In which is also contains classics from the film, such as &quot;Blade Runner Blues&quot; and &quot;Love Theme&quot;, which is my favorite.  Definately a good soundtrack.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I often read reviews which compared Dido and Sarah McLachlan. The way I see it, Dido has her own unique music personality. Hey, she managed to collaborate with the controversial Eminem, right? That must mean something. Anyway, like I said Dido is unique in her own way. Her music and songs are simply become an addictive. <br />My favorite song from this album was of course &quot;Thank You&quot;. The lyrics is so sweet, reminding you of the people that you love, that you thank the most just for being there. I also like the enchanting &quot;Isobel&quot; and &quot;Here With Me&quot; -- the latest also appeared on Gwyneth Paltrow's movie &quot;Bounce&quot;. Also, &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; which could be a good breakup song :P. <br />I expect to see more from her in the future.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Was there a greater moment in any movie released last year(2000) than in Almost Famous when the band members of Stillwater and their groupies sing, in unison, Elton John's Tiny Dancer as their tour bus travels down the sunny highway?  I recall having a smile from ear to ear when watching that moment, and I cannot wait to see it again.  The film, taken from director Cameron Crowe's own experience as a teen journalist for Rolling Stone, centers around the day to day events on the road of a fictitious(?)rock band called Stillwater as seen through eyes of a budding 15 year old writer.  Almost Famous documents, in hearwarming detail, the crazy, almost surreal, aspects of the rock and roll lifestyle in the early 70's.  The parties.  The drugs.  The egos.  What I found most interesting was how the movie explored the relationship between journalist and celebrity and how one feeds off of and uses the other and vice versa.  Crowe, however, is too good of a writer/director to let his film fall into cynicism which it never does.  The performance are all excellent but the standouts are Philip Seymour Hoffman as rock critic Lester Banks and the beautiful Kate Hudson as a groupie named Penny Lane.  The fact that this movie did not get nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars proves, again, that the truly great films are all beyond reach.
0783241569|5.0|Notting Hill is so far my favorite Julia Roberts' movie. She played closer to home as Anna Scott, the Hollywood Superstar. Hugh Grant was great as a small bookstore owner, William Thacker -- complete with his stutter :P. <br />The idea of the story was sweet too ... a popular moviestar and a  nobody-knows guy from Notting Hill falling in love and tried to work on the relationship. Not to mention the performance from Rhys Jones, who played as Hugh Grant's roommate was splendid. He stole the screen whenever he appeared. And the soundtracks were extraordinary too.
B000056JYB|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful recordings of Clapton OR Winwood's substantial careers. Although there are shades of Traffic, Cream and a serious Jazz flavor to some of the cuts, this has an extremely unique sound to it. The remaster is perfect, the extra cuts (including the electric version of &quot;Can't Find My Way Home&quot;)are great, although the second CD's jamming is a bit weak. CD 2's jams were recorded before most of the other tracks and it's obvious that the musicians were just learning to work together. If you're a fan of late 60s early 70s rock, you must have this one.
B000053SPI|5.0|Like everyone else, I too was curious as to who the heck Steve Augeri is and if he could even begin to match Steve Perry's vocals! Any doubts you have about this man you can put to rest. Yes, Augeri does sound a lot like Perry, but in a way that compliments the music and doesn't bring it down. Dare I say that, of all the singers out there who could fill the enormously talented shoes of Steve Perry, Steve Augeri couldn't be a more perfect choice. Augeri's voice is outstanding.<br />The new songs are fresh and upbeat, Neal Schon's guitar has never sounded better, Jonathan Cain's at the top of his game, Ross Valory's bass is (as always) excellent, and new drummer Dean Castonovo(sp?) is a great choice to replace Steve Smith.<br />...I especially love the tunes Higher Place, All the Way, We Will Meet Again, Lifetime of Dreams, and Live &amp; Breathe. If you're a Journey fan...buy this CD!
B000056K04|5.0|While I wont go as far as some in saying that this album is a watered-down, cheesy, adult-contemporary version of what used to be The Dave Matthews Band, I will say that it is certainly not their best work.  <br />The album, first of all, is greatly different from any of their previous releases.  Most notable is Everyday's startling lack of any real solo work by two of the band's most important aspects, Leroi Moore and Boyd Tinsley.  As one other reviewer aptly stated, they have been religated to atmospheric studio musicians.  One of the great joys in listening to DMB is hearing the intricate, improvised melodies that are spun between these two guys (a live attribute of the band that ex-producer Steve Lillywhite was brilliant at capturing in the studio) but that is completely absent in this recording.  <br />A result of the clippings made to the band's grass-roots, jam-band style they've come to be famous for is the length of the songs.  This is another extremely noticible difference from any of their three studio releases.  No song lasts for more than 5 minutes!  Any mildly seasoned DMB fan's eyebrows will raise at this but, of course, it is, in itself, not something to be feared accepting the fact that all of the songs seem now perfectly engineered for radio play, something that can't be that suprising coming from the champion of such a radio/MTV icon as Alanis Morrisette.  <br />I gave the recording five stars because it is The Dave Matthews Band and I just can't  bring myself to be too dissapointed by any of their music.  This ablum is also not without it's plusses.  The addition of electric guitar is great.  The new sound adds a harsher element to the band creating a sound with much more tension.  The album opens with a great, quick punch (a la Crash) with I Did It (the standard high-octane first single), What You Are (another supercharged thriller of a song reminiscent of The Last Stop), The Space Between (this ablum's Crash Into Me or Crush), When The World Ends (my choice for best track on the album), and So Right (which would have, in my opinion made a better opening track but what can you do?)  <br />This is a departure for this band without doubt.  Yet the new sound they create is an interesting one if not alltogether entertaining.  I believe that all true DMB fans will buy this album and come to value it along with the others and the band will find new fans with more varied musical tastes.  And, as is essential with this band, I can't wait to hear this stuff live.
B000056HOZ|4.0|It's great to have the Boss's music videos on DVD. The first disk is by far the best, encompasing his work from 1975-89. It starts of with a nine minute version of &quot;Rosalita&quot; and ends with the slow version of &quot;Born To Run&quot;. Unfortunately, the second disk (except for &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot;) is pretty weak . It has his lost days with the non E Streeters  (when he recorded &quot;Human Touch&quot; and &quot;Lucky Town&quot;)and recovers slightly thereafter. If your a true Boss fan, it's worth buying.
B0000542DJ|5.0|Oliver Stone's &quot;JFK&quot; is one of the most important films in American cinema. It is a stunning masterwork that is both powerful and provocative. This great new DVD edition that contains extra material not in the original VHS or previous DVD edition shows even more that what Stone is trying to do here is educate the viewer. &quot;JFK&quot; is an eye-opener, it warns against trusting the official version of events when the evidence points to something differently. It paints a chilling picture of how governments and power really work in the world. There is so much information in this film, and yet it never seems confusing. We know exactly what Stone is saying here. Sure there is dramatic license, but look at how intelligent and plausible the speculation he uses in certain scenes is. And do your own research and you'll see that &quot;JFK&quot; is most likely correct in it's theories and insights into the assassination of John F. Kennedy. It is clear, and has been known by anyone with an open mind and who has read his/her stuff that Kennedy was killed as the result of a conspiracy. This is how the world works. Artistically the film is a visual triumph, it is hypnotic in the photography, editing, music, writing and acting. Stone also adds exuberance. Like Stone's &quot;Platoon,&quot; &quot;Born On The Fourth Of July&quot; and &quot;Heaven And Earth,&quot; and even &quot;The Doors,&quot; &quot;JFK&quot; is not so much a documentation or visionary dramatic interpretation of an era, but also a look at us ourselves. At LIFE. This is an important film that should be shown in high schools, because students should see this. &quot;JFK&quot; forces you to think for yourself, to look at the facts, to use your mind. Stone is an artist who directs with a passion, he's driven by his subjects and presents stunning films that will endure and are already standing the test of time.
B00004VWA7|5.0|It is true that jaco pastorious is one, if not the greatest bass player of all time, but i was floored by how great his all around composing is. Continuum has to be the greatest single melody i have ever had stuck in my head. Not to mention the marvelous list of supporting musicians(if you can call them that). You have Toots Thielmans, Herbie Hancock, Don Alias, And a list far to great to encompass here. If you like great music look no further. Although it is a shame i can only give it 5 stars. RIP Jaco!
0802130208|3.0|Ummmm, I think I have mixed feelings about this book, and it seems I am one of the few people who neither worship it nor hate it. I really enjoyed the originality of the setting, the bizarre characters and Ignatius Reilly, what a riot! His dialogue is absolutely sharp and hilarious, we have to give credit to the author for this. And Ms. Trixie, ooohhhh!!! My favourite character of the novel, no doubt! But somehow the story lacks a plot, and Ignatiuss ramblings become derivative far too early into the book. Im sure I appreciated the humour and sarcasm in the story, but a better developed plot would have given it five stars.
0767802470|5.0|Hubby and I have seen this film about 5 times and own our own copy, of course.  We've seen it in the theater and at home.  We've seen the Director's cut and regular version, always the German language version.  Director's Cut merely puts back in some footage.  It is good footage but we can't really say we missed it from the original. Every time we see this film, we are on the edge of our seats. It is about a crew of German submarinists during World War II.  They are captained by J&uuml;rgen Prochnow, who does the acting job of his life.  Believe me, you would follow this man to hell and back as your leader.  His eyes alone are absolutely mesmerizing.  I totally believed he was the captain of that boat and that we were out in the Atlantic during World War II.  My andrenalin would start pumping on every mission \\"we\\" set out upon.  The soundtrack went with it perfectly and fit with battle on the high seas. I'd never really seen World War II from the other side's point of view.<br /><br />Somewhat like Oliver Stone's \\"Platoon,\\" you see the German side of the war from the perspective of the men out in the field actually fighting and dying for it.  These guys aren't around to see Hitler in action or to get all riled up over the Third Reich.  They've been called to serve their country from almost day #1 of the war and are on this claustrophobic submarine until they die or the war is over.  In fact, very few German submariners survived World War II so this is very akin to seeing Vietnam from grunt level. It's sad to say that when director Petersen was a German director, he was capable of making one of the most splendid movies I'd ever seen yet, when he came to America, he eventually lost his way artistically.  If this is an example of our Americanizing or Hollywoodizing a first rate director from another country, I hope we don't let anymore come to this country. Unless I hear something to the contrary, it appears that WE ruined this first rate artist.  He's certainly not the first we've ruined and I'm afraid he won't be the last. To think that this man has BOTH \\"Das Boot\\" (A++) AND \\"Perfect Storm\\" (F--)on his filmography.  What a shame.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.e first we've ruined and I'm afraid he won't be the last. To think that this man has BOTH \\"Das Boot\\" (A++) AND \\"Perfect Storm\\" (F--)on his filmography.  What a shame.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B000002GYR|5.0|Anyone capable of feeling anything should be very, very careful when listening to this album.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Jimmy Stewart is a reporter confined to his high rise New York apartment building because he is recovering from a broken leg.  Grace Kelly is his fiance.  She comes over to help him with his recovery, although he is crankiness personified because of his condition. However, things look up when Stewart finds himself more and more engrossed by what is going on at his neighbor's apartment in another high rise, facing his.  The neighbor is played by Raymond Burr and Stewart starts to worry that Burr may be planning to do something awful to his wife.  This is a real nailbiter of a movie because Stewart is hugely limited on what he can do to help by being confined to his wheelchair. We are back in the 1950s so a phone is his only instrument of communication.<br /><br />Also, Kelly is never there when the most suspicious things with Burr occur so Stewart's going to have trouble making the police believe him.  Directed by Alfred Hitchcock, this is an extremely satisfying exploration of a man's bored voyeurism turning into a rolly coaster of a nightmare. Stewart and Kelly starred in several Hitchcock films. Stewart excels at playing the regular ok guy for whom life turns nightmarish in Hitchcock's films.  Kelly excels at playing the beautiful blonde society woman.  She is unaccustomed to crime interrupting her perfect life yet she can face crime with cool aplomb. For those who have only ever seen Burr in his heroic tv roles, they will be surprised to discover that he usually played dark or villainous roles in his earlier movie career.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00004XONN|5.0|This CD has proven to be one of my favorites, because of the fact that it is so different than any other album. You might listen to Limp Bizkit, or Barry Manilow, or Faith Hill, but no matter who you listen to, youll still like the CD.
0385484518|5.0|Morrie teaches us that life happens every second.  Through this dying man's eyes we see how alive we can be if only we chose to.  This book should be read over and over until we finally get it.  Take a moment.  Because you'll never get it back again.
B00004YKUX|2.0|I loved Unchanined because I felt it was a depature from Johnny's usual formula of singing about experiences he never had and was actually based on his own life.  That album was amazing, but this album is choppy and disjointed.  The songs are weak, and almost painful to listen to after hearing the power of Unchained, Love-God-Murder or even Storytellers with Willie Nelson.  Don't waste your money on this one when there are much better J.Cash albums out there.  To me, this was more slick marketing of the cool retro Johnny Cash persona than seriously powerful art.  If you like Johnny Cash, listen to Merle Haggard - his work is generally based on experience not fiction.
B000002LAB|5.0|This album has been quite underestimated by Miles fans. When I first heard it, I didn't like it either.  It also sounds dated... the synths and the drum programming makes it sound very &quot;80's&quot; indeed. But if you think about Miles' approach to playing the music which was currently a trend, it all makes sense. In the late 60's, Miles started incorporating sounds and flavours of Rock into his music, and in my opinion, made some of the best Rock albums of that time (call it Rock fusion if you want, I like it more than normal Rock). Then came the 70's, and he incorporated funk, and made more great records. But the 80's wasn't the best decade for music. Even though Tutu sounds dated today, it is just a matter of having a little empathy when listening, placing yourself in 1986. It sounds great for the time, and it's not a timeless album, but it sounds great today.
B00003IQQA|5.0|After I bought this CD I heard someone say that Creed was a Christian rock band and I was so surprised.  Then I thought about the lyrics and they aren't straight from the Bible - they are straight from the soul.  Lead singer Scott Stapp is so soulful and has a passion for what he does.  <br />I only bought this CD for Higher and With Arms Wide Open but I now love them all.  Are You Ready?, What If, and Say I are my favorites.  All the tracks on this CD are full of great instrument sounds too.<br />I hope to by My Own Prison because I heard some songs and they are better than Human Clay. <br />So if you are worried that Creed is too Christian for you, don't be.  It's not like they preech their beliefs in every lyric, their words are very smoothly bridged into the music.
B0000029DD|5.0|I had only just heard of Jeff Buckley when this album was mentioned on VH1's Top 100 Albums.  I then heard the title cut on Spinner by pure chance and was obsessed.  Jeff Buckley has one of the most arresting, heartbreaking voices I have ever heard.  Pure loveliness...Please buy this and share it with others--they will thank you.
B000003TA9|4.0|I don't know about Sonic Youth's other albums, but I've heard that this is the most accesable : Well, it's still a tough call! It took me a while to appreciate this record, but now I like it a lot! &quot;100 %&quot; is a great opening tune, &quot;Shoot&quot; is a total weird psychotic piece, &quot;Wish Fullfillment&quot; is a five-star song. &quot;JC&quot; is properbly my favorite song on the record, Kim Gordon is really amazing. You can feel what she goes through when she speaks. &quot;On the Strip&quot; is another superb piece of music. Kim is truely p... off in most of the songs and it shows. But the record has a few weaknesses : &quot;Theresa's Sound World&quot; and &quot;Sugar Kane&quot; sound boring compared to the rest. &quot;Sugar Kane&quot; has a bit more pop to it than I would want it. &quot;Youth against Fasism&quot; is kind of a letdown too. Not that it's bad it's just too ... easy. All in all, a pretty good record, recommended for everyone who's into punk/grunge/noise/alternative. It's not what I expected, but that doesn't make it bad. But remember, &quot;most accessable&quot; doesn't mean &quot;lightwight&quot;!
0767819179|5.0|I adored this movie! maybe there were a few too many shots of Babs but it was really well done. I first saw it in the theatres and enjoyed it but a few days ago i rented it and i LOVED it! it was so nice to see a leading guy that cared more about what was inside a person then the package they came in. (&quot;I don't care if you are pretty, I love you anyway!&quot;) Its a great movie to see if you are feeling insecure about the way you look or feel pressured to fit into society's mold for the &quot;perfect&quot; person I just wish guys like that existed where i lived but any way this movie is sweet and funny and just different enough from the normal romantic movie to be interesting. All I can say is that this is a great uplifting movie and to go see it as soon as you can
0452282152|5.0|A wonderful novel that brings to life 17th century Dutch life through the eyes of a girl of 17 who becomes a maid in the house of Jan Vermeer. Griet is the daughter of a tile painter and a member of the guild Vermeer heads. When her father is blinded by a kiln explosion, his family becomes destitute and Vermeer, needing a maid, agrees to take the girl, who will turn over her meager wages to support the family.<br />Griet has many jobs but one in particular is to clean Vermeer's studio, where no other family member is allowed to venture without his authorization and presence. Since her father is blind, she has learned to keep things where they are when cleaning so that a blind man can find what he needs. Vermeer needs to keep his painting backgrounds clean but exactly the same and Griet does this well. When he first meets her in her house, he sees she has separated the vegetables she is cutting into colors around a wheel and knows when colors clash. From this moment, we know that there is a gravitational field around the two. But the novel is far more complex than artist seduces maid and Chevalier handles the various subtle erotic elements with a care that makes them real.<br />The novel is well written in simple, clear language that evokes the time and the place. Despite the strictures imposed on women by that society, Chevalier shows how women could be bold and use their intelligence. Without being heavy handed, she shows the social stratification as being very subtle and permeable. This is a love story and is handled with grace and verve. The characters are fleshed out remarkably well in a very short novel and we care about them.<br />While not much happens in the three years covered by this novel, the reader comes to know the characters, and finds deep meaning in the ordinary actions of daily life. A wonderful book.
B00000DLVA|5.0|With this new album,The Cardigans have stepped up their musicianship and sound variety.I have enjoyed seeing how they continue to grow and challege the boundaries of their music.On Grand Turismo,they abandon their previous and beautiful smooth pop offerings (songs like &quot;Rise and Shine&quot;,&quot;Carnival&quot;,and &quot;Lovefool&quot;) and churn out some very emotional and gritty songs.I prefer to call this type of sound 'Industrial Rock'(c).Nina's songwriting has also improved--  immediately noticed on the album's opening track,&quot;Paralyzed&quot;,in which Nina later sings,&quot;This is where your sanity gives in and the love begins&quot;.Other lyrics like,&quot;This is the age when my past should be gone but it's just stronger than the aims I have&quot; (from &quot;Starter&quot;),will get stuck in your head.&quot;Explode&quot; is simply a haunting and beautiful song.It is so hypnotic and melodic.&quot;Hanging Around&quot; at first sounds like the band looped a level sound from Nintendo's 8-bit Ninja Gaiden series,before it swings into a flourishing Industrial Rock development.This song just pounds constantly,and the distorted guitars reflect Nina's pessimistic conclusions.On &quot;Higher&quot;,the band incorporates some beautiful chorus-like background vocals.This song also sounds like an enchanting time clock,ticking away and pulling the listener into this atmospheric and peaceful abyss.I love the 'wah..wah..wah' guitar riff on &quot;My Favorite Game&quot;.The band also puts a strange organ sound into the chorus part of this song,giving it a cool processional vibe.Speaking of riffs,&quot;Do You Believe&quot; has an awesome pulsating and upward electronic-like guitar riff.This song also serves as the group's best use of their new Industrial Rock experimentation.Nina sings,&quot;Do you really think that love is gonna save the world?....well I don't think so&quot;,emotionally draining the listener with her voice.This song has a great accoustic guitar being utilized in the background,adding to the polyrhtmic texture.&quot;Junk Of The Hearts&quot; comes at a perfect time,because up until this point,the band has really grinded and successfully wallowed in the simplified trip-hop and full Industrial Rock realm.With this song,The Cardigans somewhat calmn things down.I like the country-like sliding guitar and subtle rythms on this tune.Nina's voice is so sultry and the band chemistry couldn't get any better on Gran Turismo.<br />I can't tell you how many times I have listened to this album,but I do know that this is one of the few albums that really really affects the listener.It can be emotionally draining at times,or very instrumental in commanding some type of action on the part of the listener.If you are mad about a breakup,then this album may just infuriate you more,or could also be some therapy!If you are in a mellow mood,this album could simply lull you to sleep.It has often done this to me.Speaking of direct emotional appeal,this album just makes me want to rock sometimes and groove,and other times I just want to sit back and contemplate things.I will say that those who are Cardigan fans and those who have not heard this album yet,will definately be beautifully disturbed.I would recommend it to new-comers and supportive Cardigan followers.
6304773382|2.0|This is a mostly live-action film with the occasional cartoon sequence that pops up here and there. The cartoon segments are entertaining to watch. The rest of the film is trash.<br />The plot is sort of like MAD MAX meets THE ICE PIRATES: in the future, a comet collides with earth, turning the planet into a desert wasteland. However, instead of mankind breaking down into a lawless, barbarian state, something far worse happens-an evil military corporation possessing high technology, named WATER POWER, run by Malcom McDowell, manopolizes all the remaining water, thus maintaining controll over the rest of the surviving people. A resistance group, which includes Lori Petty, is attacked and wiped out by WP soldiers early on in the film. Only Petty and a little girl who was also a member of the group survive. Petty is taken to a WP prison camp, where she meets a mousey woman, Naomi Watts, another prisoner there, and later Petty steal a WP tank and she and Watts make an explosive escape, leaving McDowell badly injured and craving vengence. Later the two women meet the Rippers-humans who've had thier genes spliced with kangaroos, and the group wage war on WP while also trying to find and rescue the young girl. <br />I'll admit, I never read the comic this is based on, so I'm in no position to argue about closely Petty protrayed her charecter to the origonal. However, I can say that her charecter really irritated me, like a woman who's trying her absolute best to act as masculine as possible, regardless of how true her preformance was to it's source material. (If that's how the comic book tank girl acted, then I'm not upset at not having read it.) This film really needed to be done all in cartoon, then it could at least be enjoyed for it's visuals. O.K., one other thing I liked about it-Naomi Watts' prefomance. I do hope to see her in future and hopefully better films.<br />Below are my recomendations for action movies that truly protray women well:<br />The ALIEN legacy<br/>THE TERMINATOR series DAY OF THE DEAD CHOPPING MALL* NIGHT OF THE COMET*<br />*These films are extremly hard to find and probably best looked for at independently-run video stores.
0385335482|4.0|Funny and fast-paced, this book explores the expenses and emotions of a young British woman whose life never seems to measure up to the one that she (continually) shops for.  Punctuated throughout by increasingly less polite letters from her creditors, we follow her through her two options--cut back or make more money.  The first, predictably,is a disaster--the second has unexpected and funny consequences--just when she least expects it.<br />You will laugh out loud and, if you're anything like me, have a difficult time putting this book down.  YOu may also immediately turn to the back cover to see if the author has written anything else.
B000056K04|5.0|The Dave Matthews Band has gotten a reputation as a band that has continually pushed not only themselves musically, but also their fan base with the music they put out. This cd is no exception. Using a more electric sound, the DMB explores new sounds and types of musics. However, this exploration does not leave the listener in the dust. There are glimpses of the styles that DMB has already explored, keeping the listener grounded. I think this is a great album, combining the awesome songwriting with the constant search for a new, ever-evolving sound. Tracks to check out (other than the entire album) would include Angel, When the World Ends, The Space Between, and Mother Father, featuring Carlos Santana.
0060926317|5.0|If I were to assign only one book to all humankind it would be Mutant Message Down Under.  Everyone I know who has also read it proclaim that it has changed their perspective on their lives. <br />Thank you Marlo Morgan for writing this book and thank you to the Real People for sharing yourselves and way of life with her.  Do yourself a favor folks and get this, read it and then share it with others.  :-)
6302787122|5.0|Sommersby has got to be one of the best movies made. It is so romantic! I could watch it a hundred times over and never tire of it... in fact- i have! I fully reccomend it to anyone.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Imagine for a moment two of the most amazing and influential artists to the electric blues together in the same room.  An idol and a protege chair to chair, face to face, and neck and neck in guitar prowess.  For many years, Stevie Ray Vaughan claimed Albert King to be his idol, and one of his influences.  To sit next to him and jam out was his dream, and with &quot;In Session&quot; in became a reality.  If you are a Stevie fan... this is a must.  If you are an Albert King fan... this is a must.  If you like music at all... this is an absolute must.  From greats like &quot;They Call me Stormy Monday&quot; to &quot;Matchbox Blues&quot; and even on to &quot;Pride and Joy&quot;, this CD will never let your foot stop tapping.  Albert plays, and Stevie adds his own solo licks.  Then they swap tables.  And to top it all off you hear wonderful conversation between the duo... their playing... their lives... and even discover their first meeting.  This is a must have.  Dont think... BUY!
B00005614M|5.0|Miles Davis deserves to be called the greatest trumpeter in the world.  It's amazing how he created his own brand of COOL JAZZ and in such an early time of recording history.  From here on he continues to offer us great performances for the next 40 year!
B000056VIY|2.0|I am a really big Jennifer Lopez fan and I really think she is extremely beautiful and very talented, just not with singing. After I purchased the cd, I contemplated taking it back to the store and asking for my money back. I purchased &quot;On the 6&quot; last year and thought it was great for a debut album. There seemed to be just the right mix of latin beats and hip hop soul. But after listening to her sophomore album it just seems to have gone downhill.Although my favorite song, if I must pick is &quot;That's the Way&quot;, I really think that if she had a little stronger voice the song would really be a hit. All the other songs seem to be sung in the same range and the lyrics too simply written. My expectations were not even halfway met, let alone exceeded. However the song that should have made the cut for the J-Lo cd was &quot;I Can't Believe&quot;, the SECRET track in the back of the J-Lo cd.<br />I really must say that as a true fan, I must be honest and say that there are somethings that people are cut out to do and for J-Lo singing isn't one of them. If you want to see her true talent shine through, skip on buying the cd and rent one of her movies instead.
6303036570|5.0|This is one of the few movies I own. It is my all time favorite. Al Pachino is HOT in this one, the balance he plays between gangster and lover is superb! I watch it all the time. How could anyone NOT love this movie?
B000056K04|5.0|Midnight February 27th, and I find myself in line at the local record store just as I have been for many DMB albums past.  This time however, I fear I will not like the contents of the silver box the attendant hands me.  I place it in my CD player... immediately skip past radio-worn &quot;I Did It&quot; and begin to experience the amazing and intriguing transformation of a band that I believed to be already at its peak.  &quot;When the World Ends&quot;, an unsyncopated jam-hop feels very funkish, while &quot;The Space Between&quot; with its sweet melody drives itself within you.  Make no doubt about it, this is a bit of a departure from the Dave Matthews Band that played in the red-dirt soil of Virgina barely a decade past.  Dave has laid down the accoustic guitar for a baritone electric on most songs, and the stylings are more tailored to fit.  Some fans may have a difficult time adjusting.<br />Songs like &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers&quot; begin with a very DMB-esque jam, almost reminiscent to &quot;Drive In, Drive Out&quot; from the album &quot;Crash&quot;.  As soon as Dave begins singing, he embarks on a new lyrical style that is fresh, but can be quite startling.  It is a quick almost skat-like hip-hoppy singtalk.  &quot;So Right&quot; features an electric guitar intro riff that feels very unnattural, but becomes somewhat familiar to fans with a quick sax blow by LeRoi Moore.<br />  With an accoustic intro tease, &quot;If I Had it All&quot; maybe one of the closest songs to the previous albums.  Departing from the previous stylings, but yet comfortably done is &quot;Angel&quot;.  A very bluesy feel which maybe uncommon ground for Matthews is accomplished well without any hint of unfamiliarity.  And if anyone is familiar with the realm of guitar it would be special guest Carlos Santana on &quot;Mother Father&quot; who adds an amazing flamenco-spanish feeling intro and back fill to a emotionally powerful and extremely intense track.<br />  The title track, &quot;Everyday&quot; begins with a soulful gospel group.  Surprisingly it is very similar to a song entitled &quot;#36&quot; from a previous album, with reworked lyrics.  It too with accoustic guitar seems to be the foothold Matthews has chosen with the album in order not to stray too far from the formula.<br />  It is definate, the band has shed its skin and is moving toward new ground.  Will old fans stay loyal?  Will new fans appreciate the talent?  Will we lose all the earlier music?  Time will tell.  Even WHEN THE WORLD ENDS, I'll find it SO RIGHT to have this album in my player EVERYDAY.
B000056K04|4.0|Well, it seems our guys are off on another one of their growth periods.  Much in the way &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; took me a few listens to get used to, &quot;Everday&quot; is shaping up to be the same.  Listeners will most likely need to grow into this album, as the band has grown into a new style.  Sure, all of the old elements are there, but so is new producer Glen Ballard.  Notably, Ballard has been know to produce very commercial and &quot;pop&quot; records, but that's what Dave Matthews has become, like it or not.  I too am a long time fan, and I too felt I lost a little something when &quot;Under the Table&quot; went multi-platinum.  I was under the assumption that DMB was my band, and their music was a secret between my friends and I.  However, I was wrong.  Though not &quot;pop&quot; in a traditional sense, once a star achieves this type of status, they are commercial...deal with it.  When people hear this album, undoubtedly many will long for whatever style happened to be the first DMB they'd ever heard.  Many will be upset that the band has changed directions and gone more electric.  And more still will be upset that last year's tour highlights (songs like &quot;Bartender,&quot; &quot;Grace is Gone,&quot; and Sweet Up &amp; Down&quot;) aren't on this album.  All I can say is I feel refreshed each time new material comes out, and I soak it in as much as possible.  Some of my early favorites on this album are &quot;So Right&quot; and &quot;Angel,&quot; but I know that in a few months I'll feel different again.  Is this the best CD to introduce yourself to Dave Matthews Band?  Probably not.  But it is a great album through which to explore the intimidable musicality and lyricism that has gotten them where they are today.  Listen and love.
0767849493|5.0|From absolute start to finish, one of THE funniest modern-daymovies I've seen yet! Excellent typecasting (Alan Rickman strikes thebalance between angelhood and everyday-pain-in-the-rear anxiety-riddenfolkdom), funnier than oh-my-gawd deliveries, Superb dialogues (andmonologues; check out Matt &amp; Ben's delivery in the corporateboardroom!);all in all, a MUST BUY. I agree with the other reviewers;you can't just simply rent this; you have to BUY IT! Oh, BTW -excellent soundtrack; buy that, too!
B000056K04|5.0|Like many fans of the DMB, I was skeptical when I heard that Dave Matthews Band was in the studio with Glen Ballard.  It had nothing to do with Ballard's production capabilities, but everything to do with the disappearance of Steve Lillywhite. I am thrilled to write that this album not only quelled my doubts, but might be the best studio offering yet from the band.  Everyday is a strong listen, from the opening riff of I Did It to the gospel-fuelled ending of the title track.  The real standouts of the album are the fast-paced Dreams of Our Fathers and the self-reflecting If I Had it All, a track in which Dave's vocals soar to new heights.  Boyd and Leroi's roles are slightly diminished, but their contributions on the album are well-timed and absolutely essential.  Carter Beauford continues to demonstrate his place among rock's greatest drummers with a balls-out, straight forward approach. For all skeptics, believe me...this is a beautiful album.
B00000ICN5|5.0|This being the very first studio album of Stevie Ray and Double trouble makes it only that much sweeter.  With the album-titled track &quot;Texas Flood&quot;, Stevie takes you on a journey of musical mastery and fluid blues stylings that will leave you gape-jawed and wanting more.  Take a listen to &quot;Rude Mood&quot; the instrumental, and like myself, you will wonder if maybe Stevie had all 10 fingers on his left hand.  This man was inceredible, and a sad loss to the music industry.  This being the first album of the blues trio... I would highly reccomend it to any fans!!  Added bonus... Stevie speaks from the grave in his interview!  Grab this one before it gets away!
B000000W5B|5.0|This gritty masterpiece, along with Exile on Main Street and the underrated It's Only Rock and Roll are the Stones albums that made me love them even after the heavy radio rotation tried to kill our relationship (like it did with the Doors and the Eagles). Here you'll find songs you've never heard that are better than most other bands' greatest hits. Silver Train and Winter are two prime examples. Bill Graham once said of the Grateful Dead, &quot;They aren't the best at what they do, they're the only ones who do what they do.&quot; In the Stones case, they aren't the only ones who do what they do (pure rock and roll), but they are the best.
B000005RS0|5.0|She Had Tons Of Hit's With Ike. She Was One Of The Most Respected Female Singers In The World. Then She Was Gone From The Spotlight In The Late 70's After A Divorce From Ike. With The Release Of Private Dancer, She Proved To The World That She Didn't Need Ike, Because She Was Simply The Best. This Album Is A Classic And Everyone Should Have This In Their Collection. The Opening Song Of I Might Have Been Queen Sets The Tone Of Tina In Control Really. There Isn't One Bad Song On The Whole Album. The Hits, What's Love Got To With It, Private Dancer &amp; Better Be Good To Me. With Covers Of Al Green's Let's Stay Together, David Bowie's 1984 And A Soulful Rendition Of The Beatles Help, This Is An Amazing Album. But The Bonus Tracks Are An Added Bonus, The Extended Versions Of Her Hits Are Wonderful. This Is Tina Turner At Her Best
B0000009SF|5.0|This was recorded when frank was all hurt and wheelchair clad. It sounds really terrific. We have many fine musicians on this thing.eg sal marquez and george duke. marquez is a beautiful trumpeter (listen to blessed relief). george has a beautiful solo on eat that question and another fine solo on blessed relief. these two songs are my faves. frank has a solo on eat the question, wah-wah solo. Man, it rocks. The title track has a great big band sound, a lovely composition. Lots of soloing here, which is what jazz should be. trombone,trumpet, don preston on mini moog. Tony duran guitar-brill! The song cleetus awreetus awrightus is very funny, a cracker. funny sounding i mean. I don't have a cover on my cd, i got it cheap. But the artwork looks great. Also great is calvin and two hitchhikers, off the wall stuff, and the big band sound is taken full advantage of near the end. It's a great tune. Aynsley Dunbar is a wonderful drummer, his drumming on the album is excellent. Pity there isn't more of this kind of stuff floating around. There was a tour with this band in 72, i'm sure it was a cracker. Anyway, get this album if you like good jazzy music. Also i recommend waka/jawaka also from 1972. Thank you
0385486804|4.0|Christ McCandless was a smart young man who was well thought of. He also was a bit of a loner with a passion for the great outdoors and all the adventures that came with it. Upon graduating from college he gave all of his money to charity and wandered the United States with nothing more than a backpack. He lived in the desert and canoed through Mexico before setting his sights on his ultimate adventure : hiking in Alaska and living off of the Arctic lands.<br />His lust for nature will ultimately result in tragedy. However, his story is more than his wanderings and death.  His story is also his motivations and his passions. Jon Krakauer attempts to dissect McCandless and his journey. The author vehemently defends the memory of McCandless from those that would call him insane or suicial.  He tries to paint the picture of an adventurous spirit.<br />The result is a captivating book. Krakauer gives insight into McCandless without insulting his memory by prentending to know exactly what the young man was thinking. The author does an admirable job of showing how the vagabond tendencies in Chris lead to heartache in many of those that cared for him, his family in particular. He gives frank details on McCandless' insensitivity towards his family without villifying him.<br />There are two things that keep this from being a five star account. First, Krakauer spends a little too much time defending Chris.  He often refues to entertain the notion that some the decisions that McCandless made were uninformed if not foolish. Second, he often strays from the tale surrounding McCandless a little too far. While the tales of other unfortunate adventures are not without merit, there is a thing as too much.  At points these stories often interrupt the flow of the book and can leave the reader a little anxious to get back to the primary subject.<br />Perfection is not obtainable with every novel, but Krakauer doesnt miss the mark by much here.  Despite some minor flaws he tells an enthralling tale. He entertains and moves the reader with this accont of a life lost.
0452282152|4.0|I went to Borders book store before leaving from Kauai this past week, and was really confused on what book I should get.  I'm 15, and don't really like those young adult books anymore, but I also don't like some adult books.  I love books that are historical fiction though.  I saw this book on the shelf, and thought it looked interesting, but wasn't too sure about it.  With my parents pressuring me to to hurry up and choose a book, I grabbed it and bought it.  I read it in two days (the day I got it and while being  stuck in the airport for endless hours).  It was a lot better than I had expected it to be!  It was really pretty good!
B0000009SI|5.0|This album goes nicely with that other masterpiece overnite sensation. In terms of musical complexity, it is perhaps the most 'easy-listening' zappa album. But don't let that fool you, because there is some incredible musicianship on this record! The yellow snow suite is the highlight for me. It has daft lyrics about eskimos, pancakes, huskie wee-wee,baby seals and yellow snow. It is a delight. If you've braved Ben Watson's poodle play book, you will be aware of the similarities between this album and King Lear, whether intentional/unintentional. Anyway there is a load of conceptual continuity in this album, especially the references to the poodle Fido. But this is for the intellectuals, mere music fans like myself get enough satisfaction from listening to Ruth Underwood's magical xylophone part on 'st alphonso's pancake breakfast', my favourite song on the album. Frank has a lot of stellar guitar moments on the album. His guitar bursts sounds great on nanook rubs it, there is great playing on apostrophe' and uncle remus and the stinkfoot solo is a slippery sounding masterpiece. Excentrifugal force is a joy, a short piece of music that could fit into a sci-fi movie i reckon. It's a masterpiece of recording technique and musicianship. Like the whole album. Thank you.
B00004SCS1|5.0|This CD is seriously one of the best I have heard in a long time.  From &quot;Suite Pea&quot; all the way to &quot;P.L.U.C.K.&quot;, this an energizing audio rollercoaster.  This band is political at times, making you think (Rage Against the Machine), while at others, they are more, well, System of a Down-ish, I guess!  They are just so original that I never get tired of listening to the CD's sweet tunes.  Whether it's frontman Serj Tankian's distinctly original voice, or guitarist Daron Malakian's ultra-fast, ultra-cool riffs and slides, this CD will keep you glued to your stereo.  Just one more example of how distinct their sound is; at a friend's house several days ago, he had bought the Dracula 2000 soundtrack, and when he played the S.O.A.D. song, I could tell it was them instantly.  Same goes for the cover CD, &quot;Nativity in Black.&quot;
B000056K04|1.0|Even though I just started listening to DMB about a year ago, it's been a long year of listening.  Now, one year later, 50+ songs known by heart, and with a handful of live shows experienced, I got my hands on this CD.  When I read that Ballard was taking over production I wasn't sure what to think.  I hoped that he wouldn't upset the band's style...that is exactly what he did.  These are not the kind of songs DMB fans are used to or will appreciate; do you picture people holding up lighters at his concerts for these?!  And where is Tim Reynolds?  If this would have been released as an experimental album then I might not have such a problem with it.  Instead, this is what the fans get after three years of patient waiting.  I sincerley hope this album doesn't destroy the band's reputation, however, I hope it does get Lillywhite back on the next album.
B0000009SG|5.0|This album goes nicely with apostrophe'. 34 minutes long and it's perfect. One of Zappa'a best bands plays on this, his funkiest sounding album. The funkiness is largely down to George Duke's amazing organ playing. There are seven songs, with Frank doing most of the lead vocals. It's a great rhythm section, ralph humphrey on drums tom fowler on bass, adding to the funkiness. Camarillo Brillo is a top tune indeed. It's got a great melody and funny lyrics: 'she stripped away her rancid poncho...we did it till we were unconcho'. And Frank has little bits of guitar and George Duke plays lovely piano. Moving on to I'm the slime, a fantastic song about tv. Frank refers to it as 'a tool of the government ', he loved attacking governments . The band sound fabulous on this tune, we have Sal Marquez on trumpet, Bruce Fowler on trombone, ruth Underwood on percussion. There is super female backing singing which leads into one of Frank's greatest studio solos. You can hear every pluck of his plec, it is immaculately recorded. Tom Fowler's bass sounds great here too. Then we have the song 'Dirty Love' about poodlesand porno. More great lyrics from zappa, even if they're impossible to fathom:'i'll ignore your cheap aroma and your little bo-peep diploma i'll just put you in a coma with some dirty love'. The guitar solo is quite short but very good; it reminds me of jimi hendrix type playing. Then 50-50, which is very funky. It has a great vocal performance by the late ricky lancelotti. Pity he only did a few songs. Then 3 great solos. George on organ plays beautifully. He is followed by that maestro of electric violon John Luke Ponty. Ponty gives us a gorgeous solo, and the violin sound is lush. Finally a really brilliant Frank Zappa solo with some of his fastest ever playing. Watch your jaw drop! And the last bit of the song is great, when they wrap it with some frenetic playing. Zomby Woof is another belter. It has a very 'cartoony' sound and terrific female backing vocals. It isjust so zany as a composition, especially the bit when you have 'reety alrighty the zomby woof'. Zappa has another great solo here, the guitar sound being very heavy. Dinah moe Humm is the funniest song , about whipping off girls bloomers and giving manual stimulation. More funkiness, great backing vocals again. A concert favourite in the seventies. Finally we have the awesome song, Montana. It's a hell of a thing. The lyrics are quite possibly the silliest lyrics Frank has ever come up with: 'i might be moving to Montana soon, just to raise me up some dental floss. ' They are great lyrics. The tune is a top tune, i love that B fowler trombone. Frank plays yet another beautiful guitar solo, probably the album's best solo.  There's an awesome bit in this solo where he brings it up to a higher pitch/key. This is one of his very finest guitar moments. Nobody has played such moving guitar as this. E nough, enough. Anyway, there's still lots of greatness after the solo finishes. There is more beautiful female chorus singing, from Tina Turner and co. :'i don't care if you think it's silly folks..' Frank winds up the song with his pygmy pony and zircon encrusted tweezer references, and kin vassey does some fantastic yippee aye ay singing to draw the album to a close. If you don't like this album, you're probably deaf. Thank you.
B00003CXE6|4.0|This was a good movie in many ways. I liked the story line, something new, the date. I like historical movies. The action was fast paced, and fun. The grapics. IE the tigers, was awesome. Though I watched this very very sick one day, I didn't fall asleep, so that was good. But the hype all built up on this movie was it's downfall. It didn't live up to the hype. The acting was spectaculiar. *I can't spell that but hey,* The emporer was my favorite,and the ending was a surprise. If anyone wanted to watch this movie, I'd say go ahead, but don't suspect all what was hyped up abou it. But it was still a good movie.
B00000I8UD|4.0|This album was played and shelved in disappointment.  I was all excited about his return to the themes and workings of the Secrets of the Beehive and was put off because it didn't live up to its predecessor.  Yet a year after I shelved it, I found myself one day hearing it clearly, without expectations.<br /> Though some of the tracks are indulgently long, as is the cd itself, there is a unity in the disparate parts.  The main difference between new Sylvian and old Sylvian is that there is less tension present here.  The songs are slick and the production is almost overdone.  As I think about the songs, not many of the titles speak out.  That is because he has gone away from telling stories to evoke a mood and just tries to create a landscape of mood without a story.  This is especially seen in the India influenced &quot;Krishna Blue&quot;, which is still a nice track.  My favorite is actually the Marc Ribot/Sylvian duet of &quot;Dobro #1&quot; which evokes that dark somber mood of Secrets of the Beehive.  I now like this album.  But it does not evoke the solace and beauty of earlier albums, usually it's just a nice mood piece.
B0000009SM|5.0|released in 75, it still has the magic of 74 all over it. The quality of recording is top notch. Inca roads is the first track, and gets my vote as the best track. It's got a great solo which was culled from the 74 helsinki gig and edited brilliantly. The Ruthie playing is gorgeous, such a beautiful melody. George Duke's keyboard solo is another thing of beauty, and the vocals are done magically. The segue into can't afford no shoes is excellent. This is a wonderful little song. The bluesy guitar kinda reminds me of Led Zeppelin, but a lot more fun. Denny Walley plays great. And the end of this song, where you have the guys doing some frenzied playing and it stops with a thud...what great editing. The instrumental sofa #1 is very beautiful, especially this recording. Pojama people is a good song, with awesome interplay between zappa and duke. great solo. florentine pogen-another gorgeous song. And more wacky lyrics. evelyn a modified dog is a short, nice tune, i think it has some lumpy gravy references. san berdino a killer tune! johnny guitar watson sings his heart out. Andy is lovely, more johnny. It's a heck of a composition. Love it. Sofa #2 has german vocals. Great climax to another zappa triumph. Thank you
B000056N8X|5.0|I saw the first Highlander film back in 1985, on my own in a cinema in Britian, it changed my life.  Endgame had its soul in the right place and for that it gets 5 stars from me, hweve, they should have used Heather more, and I was so dissappointed with the end...why oh why use such a dreadful bacdrop for the final fight...a power station!  where was the grandosity we demand for a final fight scene, they were in London they could have used the Dome or London Bridge..bring a bit of power to the scene.  For 15 years I have waited to be touched again, perhaps I should make a Highlander movie!
B000005ILF|5.0|Sting is a wonderful singer/songwriter/musician. He has a knack of writing songs of incredible depth and variety. Capable of mixing different genres of music and making a whole, he is truly unique. And this album is a real masterpiece, no matter what it's detractors say. Each listening brings something new. Don't just listen to the vocals, but the instrumentation too. Branford Marsalis' sax, B.J.Cole's peddle steel and Kathryn Tickell's Northumbrian pipes and fiddle are worth listening out for.  And the 12 page booklet contains all lyrics and some photos of Sting. This is an album which really does deserve to be listened to, and listened to more than once.
B0000009SE|5.0|This album got mixed reviews on release. But i love it. big swifty is a triumph. It has this irresistable groove running through it, a credit to the rhythm players. George Duke plays some of his best music here. There's great zappa guitar and horns. It's a sprawling epic. The tune itself is another zappa classic. Words don't do the music justice , get this! The two songs are very good songs. Your mouth has some great singing, and good guitar too. One shot deal is cool too. It has nice singing and a killer steel pedal guitar solo from pete kleinow sneaky pete. title tune is gorgeous. i played it to my friend, and he said to me 'dallas!' ie he thought it sounded like the tv theme. It has a lovely melody played by the horn players. Then a lovely trumpet solo, sal marquez. And then one of the greatest solos i've ever heard. It's by Don Preston on mini moog. Don Preston played with the original mothers of invention, and appeared in 200 motels too. I think this is his finest zappa moment. Hear it folks. Frank comes in at the end of don's solo, playing gloriously. Aynsley Dunbar gets to play a little solo, then we go back into the theme tune. There is more really beautiful music from the horn section, brilliant bass playing from alexander dmchowski (excuse my spelling al),and the tune wraps up with some bells ringing, like church bells . It's a glorious finale. 36 minutes of great music which i recommend strongly. Thank you
6302561841|5.0|The genius of Charlie is very evident in this wonderful movie.  Charlie's Little Tramp is one of the most well drawn characters to ever come out of Hollywood.  Charlie communicates well, how life really is, by pulling laughter out of bad luck and tragedy.  The sadness of the Great Depression, bread lines, lost jobs, shootings, and starving children is fodder for the Great One here as he first shows the sadness and then in the next scene makes one laugh out loud.<br />This is however far from a drama.  It is first and foremost a comedy of amazing proportions.  Charlie stretches his ability to the limit here.  His jerky walk (the result of too many hours on the job), the scene in jail with the small dog, and the preacher's wife (hope I whetted your curiosity with that scene description) and Charlie &quot;leading the parade&quot; (honestly, that looks like something that would happen to me) are all hysterical.  The funniest scene in the whole movie is the scene with the automatic lunch feeder.  I was rolling on my back, laughing during this routine.  <br />Highly recommended.  You haven't watched it yet?  What are you waiting for?  Watch it today.
B000056K04|5.0|I'am a pretty big Dave Matthews Band fan but I was really hesitant to buy the new album after hearing I Did It. I bought the album though and it is wonderful. Its a quite a tight departure from their other albums. This album is easly as good as Dave's three past studio albums. Don't be fooled by the I Did It this is an excellent album. Just skip the first track!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This has to be one of the best movies ever created.  The acting is out of this world.  The scenery is outstanding! I can watch this movie on repeat.
B000056K04|3.0|Like most other people, I wasn't really crazy about 'I Did It', but I bought the album anyway. I've always admired the ability of the Dave Matthews Band to focus more on the &quot;band&quot; part than on the &quot;Dave Matthews&quot; part. What happened? <br />To me, this album sounds like the same over-produced stuff littering the airwaves nowadays. The thing that separated DMB from others was their attention to the nuances of music, the quiet, sparse, emotionally charged instrumental sections where the vocals were just another instrument contributing to the layers. This album doesn't have that. The tracks are flat and unnecessarily tight. They have always struck me as having a very spread out sound, with many layers. On 'Everyday', the sound is like Dave Matthews befriended some studio musicians and thought he could expand the listening base by adding the occasional sax and violin. Too bad, this band has way too much talent to be producing albums like this. Crucify me for my differing opinion, but many of the songs sound the same to me: overly poppy intro, haphazard verses and thin choruses. There are some highlights, &quot;The Space Between&quot; and &quot;Fool to Think&quot; are good tunes, but that's about it. <br />Ballard has not impressed me. I didn't like the production on &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; and I don't like the over-production here. I can't fathom going from Lillywhite to Ballard. When I think of BTCS, I think of the intro to &quot;The Stone&quot;, the outro fade on &quot;Spoon&quot; the driving rhythm of &quot;Don't Drink the Water&quot;. Those parts are powerful but *sparse*. They are about layers, acoustic instruments and musical ability. There doesn't seem to be any time on &quot;Everyday&quot; for the &quot;musical reflection&quot; that is so prevalent in their other releases. All and all, a decent album on it's own, but not nearly in the same category as the previous releases.
B00004Z459|3.0|With all the nu-metal bands out there (i.e., KoRn, Limp Bizkit), it's refreshing to find a band that doesn't need to use certain four-letter words to get its point across.  And that is the case with Linkin Park!  Sure, there are some musical resemblances to the aforementioned bands (heck Chester does try to imitate Johnathan Davis at times...), but what's refreshing here is the fact that they mix metal, hip-hop, and techno into the mix!  Although their music could be a little bit more varied and the subject matter a little deeper and more profound, this is not all that bad.  And granted this is their debut CD, which means there's definitely potential for these guys!  And with two lead vocalists, they also remind me of another band:  311.  Standout tracks:  &quot;Papercut&quot;, the extremely popular &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, &quot;Points Of Authority&quot;, &quot;A Place For My Head&quot;.  Oh, I forgot to mention member Joseph Hahn displays his deft DJing skills on &quot;Cure For The Itch&quot;.  My only complaint is the CD is less than 38 minutes long.  Then again, like I've said before, quality is always more important than quantity!
B000056K04|3.0|I really thought I was gonna hate this album. My hope dwindled when I heard that DMB was firing Steve Lilywhite, the man responsible for finding their sound. And when I picked up an advance copy of it, on first listen, I did hate it.<br />But then I listened to it again... and somehow it was different. I think maybe the shock of hearing Dave play an electric guitar got the best of me the first time around.<br />Anyway, that's not even the point. The point is that even though this is a big turnaround for the Dave Matthews Band, the results are still pleasing, and still several levels above the average rock band.<br />Two of the heavyweights on Ballard's production resume are Peter Gabriel and Aerosmith, and if I had to define the production style on \\"Everyday,\\" that would be it: the synth-y spaciness of some of Gabriel's 80s work, mixed with the epic-rock-type sound of later Aerosmith works (a la \\"Don't Want to Miss a Thing\\"). The result is an album that sounds much less natural than any of their previous efforts. \\"Crash\\" caught a lot of criticism for the same thing: not sticking to the organic sound that made them popular. This album is a COMPLETE departure from organic rootsy production, save for one or two tracks.<br />But that is not to say there aren't good songs here. Not by any means. The first single, \\"I Did It,\\" is fun in a \\"So Much to Say\\" kind of way. \\"The Space Between\\" is an excellent power ballad. Which is good... it's just that DMB don't generally DO power ballads... that's territory usually reserved for... oh... Aerosmith.<br />Ballard and Matthews wrote the bulk of these songs over a period of something like a week and a half, and it shows. The intricacy and subtle timing of songs like \\"The Dreaming Tree\\" is absent here. The lyrics have also suffered in the hasty writing process. They're much more superficial than before. Love (a much more prominent theme now that Dave is married) figures into the majority of these songs, which you can tell just by the titles (\\"Angel,\\" \\"If I Had It All,\\" \\"Sleep to Dream Her\\"). <br />And a lot of these songs are very good. \\"Angel\\" is another ballad-type song that sounds almost Hendrix-influenced (he wrote a song of the same name, and the guitar intros are somewhat similar), \\"If I Had It All\\" rides a melancholy groove into a crashing chorus, and \\"Sleep to Dream Her,\\" while it sounds a little hokey (almost like a lullaby) is charming in its own way.<br />But the best songs come when DMB just stick to what they do best, and that element is here. The title track is a funky acoustic workout featuring a gospel chorus on the hook, \\"Dreams of Our Fathers\\" is a kind of electric \\"Rhyme & Reason\\" in reverse that works very well, and \\"When the World Ends\\" is a seemingly carefree, bouncy song, until the chorus kicks in.<br />One thing I also noticed that is probably an effect of th Ballard/Matthews writing team is the severe lack of Boyd and Leroi (respectively, the heart and soul of the group). Tinsley's mood-setting violin is hardly ever featured, and is barely discernible throughout the rest of the album. And Moore's funkified sax riffs are absent much of the time as well. <br />So this album has a few flaws. The lack of interplay between the musicians hurts the album considerably, because it puts Matthews' guitar and lyrics in the uncomfortable position of playing center stage. Matthews has always been content to lie back and use his voice and lyrics as just another instrument, which worked to near-perfection on the last three albums. Here, he has to play rock front-man, and it just doesn't seem to come together like it did in the past. And Ballard's glossy \\"we-are-a-rock-band\\" production lends an artificial edge that, to my thinking, is unnecessary. But, like Amazon's reviewer said, the true test will be to hear it live. That is how they got their start, and that is how they will always be remembered.<br />All in all, this album is still higher in terms of quality than the majority of albums coming out right now. It is only mediocre in terms of the Dave Matthews Band. And that's certainly good enough for me.<br />UPDATE (7.10.02) -- I saw them live last summer, 8.1.01 at Hersheypark Stadium... the new songs aren't so great live. But this was their first tour playing them. I'm gonna see them again in August, so we'll see if there are any changes.
B00003CWOL|5.0|The first time I saw DOGMA, I thouroughly enjoyed it; but didn't quite understand it all.  Not being raised in the Catholic church, I was at a slight disadvantage with the angels, saints, etc.  The second time I watched it, I was hooked!  It is a great movie with a lesson as well.  Not only does it poke fun of organized religion and all the trappings that go with it; but it also makes one think in the process.  It makes you think about what people have interpreted as God's word and that really maybe He was just having fun when He created us. Maybe we need to chill and enjoy!  The basis of the story is that two fallen angels have found a loop hole to return to heaven.  However, this will destroy all existence as it will find God fallible.  So, with God missing in action, the heavenly hosts take on the job of trying to stop them.  This is done by contacting the last Zion, a reluctant distant relative of Jesus, and along with the help of some pretty raunchy prophets, a newly discovered 13th apostle, and a muse, the group finally gets headed in the right direction. It is a must see and a most likely will buy movie!  ENJOY!
B000001G16|5.0|I was very pleasantly surprised to find that Mr.Sambora is as talented as he is. He is an amazing singer and songwriter, and this will come as no surprise, he's a wonderful guitarist. But what really stands out on this album are the songs. &quot;One Light Burning&quot; is a ballad of intense passion and heart. &quot;Stranger in This Town&quot; is a bluesy, down beat gem with great arrangements and vibe through out it. On &quot;Mr. Bluesman&quot;, Richie gives way to his hero, Eric Clapton, and on a song that Sambora wrote about him. It is a magnificent album from first song to closing track, and it explores every emotion of love.. from hurt to joy and wonder. If you ever liked Bon Jovi, then don't hesitate to get this one. Great production, terrific songs, and top notch musicianship are what this album is all about. A MUST have.
B00003CXE7|5.0|As I'm writing this Gladiator's nominated for twelve Academy Awards, including Best Picture, and already critics are crying foul.  This from a movie that upon it's May release opened to three and four star reviews across the board (or at least for the most part anyway).  I assume the reasoning behind this is that a movie with such commerical appeal can't possibily be the best picture of the year.  And while I favor Traffic to walk away with the top prize, Gladiator would be a more than worthy recipient.*  It would be especially refreshing given the Miramax stranglehold that's pushed such mediocre films as The English Patient and Shakespeare in Love to Oscar status.  I'm not saying this movie's not without it's faults, just that in the context of an epic of this size they're so miniscule that they seem almost nonexistent.<br />Russell Crowe, fresh off his career best performance in The Isider, stars as Maximus, a Roman general whose influence over his men threatens the ascension to the throne of emperor-in-waiting, Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix).  So Commodus does the natural thing, in Roman times anyway, killing his father and sending Maximus out to pasture to be killed as well.  But Maximus escapes death only to discover his family slain and himself confound to slavery.  After his capture he's sold to an ex-gladiator in search of fresh meat to be wrung through the proverbial shredder.  And upon their intial battle Maximus, known as &quot;The Spaniard&quot; to his fellow slaves, shows that he has some life.  He and a handful of others scathe off death merely to find themselves fighting for their lives once again, this time in front of a blood thirsty crowd at the Roman Coliseum.<br />Motivating him is the opportunity to stand in front of the emperor and claim vengeance in his family's name.  Standing in his way ia an ex-flame (Connie Nielsen) who also happens to be the emperor's sister.  She persuades him to use his celebrity (as gladiator's were in those days) to attempt to root out the corruption in the Senate and turn the reins of power back over to the people in the form of a Republic.  Grand aspirations for a general turned slave turned gladiator, but Crowe's magnetic, larger-than-life performance sells us on the plausibility.<br />It's true, this is a sword and scandal picture and it's violent themes are undeniable but to liken it to the World Wrestling Federation (as one particularly highly regarded critic did) is asinine.  It's story is just as strong as it's action, which is at times so dizzying that it seems more graphic than it actually is.  The characters are strong, independent and propel the plot.  This is not a popcorn flick or a guilty pleasure that you should feel embarrassed for liking.  It's a profound film with subtle, meaningful messages that can at times be overlooked because of all the eye-candy congesting the screen.<br />This is a recurring theme for Ridley Scott, whose film credits include Alien and Hannibal.  But in Gladiator he's found his most mature material to date and, besides, it's kind of hard to hold that against him when you see the grandeur of the world in which he's created, and in which we inhabit for it's two and a half hour running time.<br />Still, despite it's length, it breezes by faster than many of the ninety minute dogs we've been subjected to over the summer of 2000.  Now admittedly it was a bad year for movies, but that's not to suggest Gladiator wins by default.  It's a superlative achievement and I'm sure it would have been recognized as such in any year, no matter how competitive.<br />I can only hope that this is a start of a promising trend in Hollywood, a substance-based summer blockbuster that can connect with it's audience without having to skimp on the plot.<br />* since recanted, see Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
0316921173|4.0|Cleverness for it's own sake.  Detail without depth.  Literary onanism, as some other reviewers have pointed out.  Still, Infinite Jest makes for a very good read, especially after you figure some things out.  First, read the footnotes, as they advance and comment on the plot.  Use two bookmarks.  Second, have a dictionary handy at all times, the bigger the better.  The OED would be optimal (Hal: \\"I'm an OED man, myself\\"), but a Webster's Unabridged will do in a pinch.  This isn't one of those books where you can gloss over the big words or hope to pick them up from context.  You need to know, for example, that \\"dipsomania\\" is another word for alcoholism.  Third, be prepared for the lack of conclusion.  Resign yourself to the fact that if you want to know what happens, you're going to have to read the book TWICE (or at least go back and read the first chapter again).<br />If I had known these things when I first read Infinite Jest three years ago, I would have been spared a great deal of anguish.  After spending three weeks of my life night and day with this book, I felt personally betrayed that there was no conclusion.  I was so angry I wanted to burn the book and send the ashes to the author accompanied by a nasty letter.  It was months later when I finally found out that the beginning is the end.  Of course, DFW gives the reader ample hints.  I just didn't catch on the first time.<br />The footnote detailing JOI's (Hal's father's) filmography is really just a list of plot events in the main story; pretty much every subject that JOI makes a film about is really something that happens in the novel.  This is a good place to go if you think that you missed something.  Also important is the theoretical commentary on the nature of JOI's work.  Don't forget that he pioneered a genre called \\"anticonfluential narrative\\" in which the separate strands of his subject's lives never converge into a satisfying conclusion (sound familiar?).  Another hint to the book's structureis the prevalent discussion of annular fusion, a circular process that turns garbage into energy.  The word annular (ring-shaped) is key.<br />The book gets four stars instead of five because the characters are mostly flat and because even though the book was written only five years ago, parts of it already seem dated (like \\"teleputers\\" and \\"film cartridges\\" - c'mon, we have the Internet and DVDs).  But David Foster Wallace deserves credit for writing a thousand-page book on the themes of entertainment and addiction that itself manages to be very addictive and very entertaining.  The hilariousness of the U.S. being at war with Canada is reason enough to read this book.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I believe that Creed is one of the best bands. They have really good meanings in their songs. Whether it be in &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;, the fears and joys of becoming a father or in the song &quot;What If&quot;, about the people that wrongly judge without even knowing the whole story. I know Creed has changed my perspective on life and how I do things. I could never get tired of their songs. &quot;My Own Prison&quot; is also a very good cd.(their first) They turely touch peoples life by actual things that REALLY happen. I reccomend this cd and their first. They are both GREAT cds.
0440219078|5.0|At first glance, The Giver, a mere 180 pages easily readable in a single sitting, seems to be the average teenage novel.  The plot and characters are fairly easy to comprehend and you don't have to be in an honors class to understand and appreciate this book.  When I first read it in 6th grade, I thought The Giver was pretty cool.  It's basically the story of how Jonas, a young boy, struggles with his totally concrolled life and eventually begins to break loose.  He learns that while his society may be safe, having no choices and no freedom is not really living.  Now, 5 years later, I read it again and am totally awestruck at the depth contained within this small novel.  Moving beyond the plot and characters, I began seeing the social commentary and warnings that Lois Lowry had set in place.  It honestly made me think about the world, and in fact, the thought of a life such as Jonas' is deeply disturbing.  Imagine a world without color, without music, without love.  A very scary notion, which makes for a truly awesome book.  I highly reccomend it for readers of all ages.  Grown-ups and middle schoolers alike with both enjoy this wonderful novel.
0738203335|3.0|so i was surprised by this book. i thought it would venture journalist opinion about non tech matters - in fact, it takes at pretty much face value the self-evaluation of the people, and ventures opinions on tech. matters that are inappropriate - a bit like the hero-worship in the New New thing; like a couple of other reviewers, i found the slightly disjointed &quot;storyline&quot; a bit tricky (and i like thomas pynchon:-); and i agree with one of the others comments that some sort of critical comment/assessment  about timeing (dotcom-ism) might have been interesting...<br />anyhow, it was still a very well researched and interesting read, and to date, the best thing about the linux phenomenon <br />oh, HATE the cover :-(
B000056BSA|5.0|This is a WONDERFUL movie with sensuous music, food, and locations.  If you think there isn't a connection between passion and food, you've never had a truly spectacular meal cooked for you by someone you love (or cooked one for someone you love....)  Penelope Cruz is fabulous in this movie - conveying the pain and anguish caused by her husband...  (I don't want to give it away...)  I think it is much more light hearted sensuous enjoyment than some of the other &quot;food movies&quot;.  The cast is tremendously enjoyable, and if you are a fan of latin music, the sountrack for this film is luminous!!!!!
B000056N8X|4.0|I thought that this movie was pretty good then I got the DVD version and saw the early cut of the movie and loved it. But what I don't get is what happens to Conner I mean what happens to him then what happens to the timeline of Highlander 2 I just don't get it.I like the uncut sceens to whoever reads this I sugest that you buy on DVD than on VHS.
B000056N8X|5.0|Had the original Highlander film had remained untouched by sequels or spin-offs, there is no question that it would still be regarded as one of the most influential films of the sci-fi genre. Telling the story of Immortals battling for supremacy over the centuries, the final one left standing to receive a mystical &quot;prize,&quot; it's storytelling and intrigue forever changed the face of the fantasy film, and it deservedly gained the status of one of the godfathers of the modern science-fiction movies, listed right up there with Star Wars, Blade Runner, and Alien.However, its success merited a franchise which quickly grew to Star Trek proportions. It went onto produce two more sequels besides this one, a cartoon show, a few video games, and, most importantly, a long-lived TV show that last for six seasons.<br />It is difficult to compare this film with the first film. The original Highlander was a standalone film, made before the knowledge that its popularity would merit so many spin-offs. This is a film made at the end of the film's successful franchise, capping a universe that has lasted for over ten years. Therefore, I find it difficult to review the film in standalone fashion. Make no mistake: This is a film FOR &quot;Highlander&quot; fans BY Highlander fans. This isn't necessarily a bad thing; indeed, try to watch a Star Trek movie without any understanding of previous film or television entries and you'll be utterly confused. This film is the same way. It unites the Highlander of the films, Connor MacLeod (Christopher Lambert) and the Highlander from the TV show, Duncan MacLeod (Adrian Paul) for the first film since the first episode of the series. <br />They are pitted against an ancient evil named Jacob Kell (Bruce Payne) and his companion, Faith (Lisa Barbuscia). The former is seeking revenge against Connor, while the latter is out to get Duncan. Therefore, since neither one of the Highlanders can defeat them alone, they must tag team against the to evilimmortals if they want to keep the evil from destroying the world.<br />As I said, this is a film strictly for Highlander fans. Anyone else trying to watch it will be confused and bored. As a film fan, I will confess that Highlander is a brilliant piece of work, and hence, I am a fan of it. Therefore, I found Highlander: Endgame enjoyable, though I feel that some of the character development was a little underdone. A few of the villainous henchmen I would have liked to have seen more work done on. I also would have liked to have seen more development between the two MacLeods. In the franchise, it is explained that Connor, about one hundred years older than Duncan, trained him in the ways of the Immortals. From this mentor/student relationship, a deep friendship formed that made the two like brothers. As a fan, I knew this, so a scene towards the end of the film which I won't give away for those who havent seen it reaches its peak as very touching and significant. Someone unfamiliar with the series might find it a tad confusing. (Fans will also find welcoming some familiar faces from both the first film and the TV show, but I won't give away any of their cameos either.)<br />Despite these shortcomings, however, the film itself is quite good. The well-choreographed action scenes alone are worth the price of the dvd, and both Lambert and Paul deliver performances that are so powerful...so sincere and moving...that even a non-fan will be touched by their delivery. Truly, these are two of the finest performances of the year. The use of scenery is also Oscar-worthy, with good Scottish/Irish tunes to back them up.<br />Summing it all up, this is the perfect ending to a nearly thirteen-year franchise, and all Highlander fans should drop what they're doing and flock to go buy it. I applaud the writers and the director for their effort here, but most of all, I applaud Christopher Lambert and Adrian Paul for their masterful performances. Having been tackling their roles foryears, they've got the part nailed, and their presentations here pay the ultimate tribute to a fantasy franchise that has reached epic proportions. If there can be only one, this film is the right one!
B000056K04|5.0|I Just waited 30 minutes in line outside Tower Reccords, and every minute was worth it.  Yes, it is a change from the clasic Dave, but it's great in a unique way.  When I heard &quot;I did it&quot; first played on the radio it struck me as a little too different.  The same thoughts ran through my head when i first heard &quot;Don't Drink the Water.&quot;  After listing to this album all the way through I was plesantly supprisied.  It is really rockin'(Great! to drive to).  The song &quot;What you are&quot; is added to my long list of Dave favorits(it is an amazing song).  Do your self a favor and buy this CD.
0385335482|5.0|The title drew me in, the back cover made me want it... I still feel what Becky Bloomwood feels. That desire to own something that realistically won't make us any happier, but we're sure it will make us somehow more complete. That mindset of  &quot;I just need one more purse (a red one this time), then I won't need another one ever again&quot;, till next season's purses come out! <br />I was encouraged though, by her resilience and desire to get herself out of debt. This book made me laugh more often than not, but I hope in all the humor, it'll wake a few people up in the process. I have a friend like Suze- she's willing to &quot;put it on her card&quot; for me if I want it, but I prefer to shop with my sister, who gives me the &quot;do you really need that?&quot; look! It's a great book for the shopaholics who'll understand, and for those spendthrifts, who don't get what the prospect of a sale or a new lipstick truly means to us!
B000002GC2|5.0|Quincy Jones, James Ingram, and Patti Austin created something so mesmerizing and timeless that even after it's 20 year release the Dude remains as one of my favorite Qwest productions. They combined some of the most beautiful and captivating sounds of soul,pop-jazz, r&amp;b of the time or decade with a slight edge of funk and early rap (title-track)...The enchanting harmonica-instrumental(courtesy of Stevie Wonder) Velas (which means &quot;candles&quot; in Spanish) with it's light and melodius whistling vocals is also a timeless gem ! The futuristic opening track Ai No Corrida (also Spanish for &quot;No Way Out&quot; or &quot;No Other Path&quot;)is magically mysterious as it is soulfully seductive. Razzamatazz is the pinnacle dance jam on the entire disc with some of the smoothest vocals by Austin and enticing musical hooks by Jones. The rest of the flawless tracks,vocals and production have made this one of my all time favorite pop-jazz fusion albums by Jones, Austin, and Ingram !...I have yet to listen to another producer or group of artists that can top this project and collaboration from 20 years ago...
079283321X|4.0|This is without a doubt the best Rocky Film of them all. The atmosphere in this film is excellent, Rocky 5 tried to re-create it but failed. Im sure you all know the story. Rocky Balboa lives in a poor part of America and makes his money working for a lone-shark and boxing. He then undeservedly gets a shot of the world heavyweight title.<br />The only reason that its not a 5 star movie is that at the end you are left with a lot of unanswered questions. If youve enjoyed other rockys and havnt seen this then rent it now.
B00005221L|4.0|This movie is so great, aspeccially if you don`t know anything about it at all, as did, first time I saw it. Great alien, alot of muscles and weapons. A real macho film. Just like we prefer them. BUT, when Carl Weathers looses his shooting right arm in a battle with predator you can clearly see his real arm on his back. What a bummer. I did`nt see it until the 4th. or 5th. time i saw the movie, but one of my favorite films of all time got a bad scratch in the paint there. Othervise it`s a great action movie with all the ingrediences. Also Check out Predator II with Danny Glover as tough cop in New York on a hot summer day.
B00003CXAR|5.0|Not just a monster movie, although gory enough, JAWS is a fantastic story and a monument in film-making. Watch it again and pay attention to my favorite parts: 1)you never even see the &quot;monster&quot; until 2/3 of the way through the movie...the suspense builds. 2)the cinematography of Chief Brody's view of the little Kitner boy on the raft as the shark pulls him under (an amazing use of the camera as Roy Scheider's view of the water is changed as people pass through the shot) 3)the score (the apex of John William's music arrives when the shark does) 4)Robert Shaw telling the story of the USS Indianapolis, (one of the most moving and telling moments in film ever) this speech was written and rewritten with the final version written by Shaw himself. So that ,in a nutshell, is what makes JAWS one of the best.
6305252521|5.0|In today's relam of reality TV, this show would fit right at home.  Wanting to give the audience the ultimate experience of a person's life, but not through the eyes of an actor, Omnicam Corporation adopted a young baby, named him Truman burban, and set him up in a spectacular city encased in a huge dome.  Everything is controlled, form outsiders trying to break into the set, to how Truman is interpreted by his family and friends.<br />Now, it is some 30 years later, and Truman Burbank is married to the supposed woman of his dreams, is working as an insurance salesman, and everything seems to be going fine: until one day, when a strange object falls from the sky (an optical light, with the label of a major star form the night sky).  As the days go on, Truman encounters more strange and bizarre happenings: a man looking like his father appears, an elevator ina  building seems to just be part of an enclosed set, and a thunderstorm seems only to rain down on HIM!   Pretty soon, Truman is enraptured with the spirit to try and leave the city, of Sea Haven, which he finds that he almost cannot do.     All of these attempts are foiled by the Truman Show mastermind Christof(recipient of multiple emmy awards, as seen on a mantle near the door).  Chritsof has a complex of control over Truman, and tries everything to make sure that he never leaves.<br />Jim Carrey is the major standout in this film.  He's not an actor, he actually acts like a man unsuspecting of his surroundings (the closest to a down to earth person Carrey had played befor was Stanley Ipkiss in &quot;The Mask&quot;).  We are as shocked and surprised as he is.  There are some instances where Carrey's humor breaks out, but it is mainly spontaneous and not quite as over the top as his performances in &quot;Ace Ventura&quot; and &quot;Liar Liar.&quot;  This was one film where carrey at least deserved an Oscar nomination, if not the award.
B000005E60|5.0|This is Berio most famous work for orchestra and its complexity and modern style makes it a perfect work for Pierre Boulez to conduct.  He gives this complex work light and makes full use of Berio's unique orchestral sounds and allows the singers to shine through the musical fabric.  In this recording, the orchestra is beautiful, the singers and narrator are clearly heard, and the tempos are graceful, yet controled.   One thing to note about the third movement of the Sinfonia is Berio's references to other famous works.  It is fun to listen to the music and mind the hidden, famous fragments of other scores.  In the third movement you will hear Mahler's 2nd Symphony, Debussy's La Mer, Berlioz's Symphonie Fantastique, Stravinsky's Rite of Spring, Beethoven's Pastoral Symphony, and Strauss Night of the Rose to name a few.  It is an amazing work.  BUY THIS CD!
B00004X0Q0|4.0|With an intensity matching Rage or System of a Down and a quality of a Pearl Jam, yet original in their own style, ATDI's Relationship of Command deserves every rock fan's attention. Every one of the eleven songs are worth listening to over and over.. My personal favorites would include Arcarsenal, Pattern against User and the finely crafted &quot;Invalid Litter Dept.&quot;  It's about time a good new band comes along and kicks some rear with some great music.  They've got my vote for rookie of the year honors.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The DVD sound and picture quality are out of this world. If you have seen the movie you will not be disappointed in this DVD.There is extras footage that was not seen in the movie and the Directors explaination for the cuts. I enjoyed the movie. A bit violent but it shouldn't stop you from getting the DVD.
B000000I0G|3.0|Mike Oldfield cautiously dips one foot into the early 80's synth-pop waters whilst still clinging to his prog-rock life raft in this interesting, if somewhat uneven offering. The inevitable 20 + minute opus is surrounded by some poppier, more conventionally structured songs. In fact, I'm sure there are millions of Hall & Oates fans blissfully unaware that the blue-eyed soul duo's top ten hit \\"Family Man\\" was penned by Mr. \\"Tubular Bells\\" himself! The title song bears more than a passing resemblance to M's seminal synthpop dance hit \\"Pop Muzik\\" (and may in turn have \\"inspired\\" 1984's \\"One Night In Bangkok\\".... Not a masterpiece, but a well-executed and mostly satisfying listen.
B00004YRQA|4.0|This memory card is essential in order to save your PS2 games. A PS1 memory card will not save PS2 games, and viceversa. Even though it only holds information for 8 games, it's good to know that your memory card won't fail becase it is good quality. A must-have for any PS2 owner.   END
B000001FY7|5.0|Although not replete with hits like the preceding album, Exodus, Kaya is the Wailer's best album, better even than Catch a Fire.  It is not full of strong political messages or deep Rastafarian chants, but rather it returns to capture the beauty of free-spirited, light hearted reggae tunes.  Someone looking for deep, angry lyrics might not be satisfied, but if it's great sound you're looking for, this is the album.  Somehow it always gets mediocre reviews, perhaps because it does not fulfill what people who listen to reggae expect of a political group like the Wailers.  However, Marley has definitely not sold out, and songs such as Easy Skanking, Sun is Shining, She's Gone, Misty Morning, Time Will Tell, and Running Away are all some of his most delightful lost classics, and deserve far more credit than they get.  The title song may very well be one of his best songs ever. This album is a  must for everyone who enjoys reggae, or beautiful music period.
0345363132|5.0|Just wanted to add my name to the list of Penman's devoted fans.  I've read them all, but this one is my favorite.  She makes English history almost comprehensible!   And if a few facts can stand a reinterpretation, at least she gives you a basis for remembering the major players and dates.
B00003CX95|5.0|Starring and directed by an Aussie, written by a yank, this is still a great Scottish movie. Why? Because it rings true. <br />Some of the touches are just too convincing. Like the early scene where Wallace's father and some other Scottish warriors discuss whether to fight the English or not: Someone says they can't win, to which Wallace's father replies, &quot;We don't have to win, just fight.&quot; To any Scotsman aware of his country's long struggle to define itself in the face of its much larger neighbor, this makes immediate sense. Scots may not always win, but they don't understand the concept of defeat either, and although England slavishly gave in to its Danish and French-Norman invaders, the Scots never surrendered even to continuous aggression from a neighbor over 20 times its size in population and immeasurably richer. Indeed, it was because the crack regiments of the British Army were recruited from such indominatable people as the Scots that the Empire could spread to so many parts of the World. <br />Of course there are plenty of historical inaccuracies in the movie. There is no bridge at the Battle of Stirling Bridge. Setting fire to a damp, sodden Scottish battlefield would be a difficult proposition even with modern napalm. And Wallace certainly didn't destroy York. <br />Perhaps the least inaccurate of the historical inaccuracies is the affair with the Princess of Wales. We know for a fact that the royal bloodline is notoriously unreliable and that not only Edward III but many kings were cuckolded by their wives. Anyway inaccuracies are permissible if they help the movie reach a higher plane of spiritual truth. Braveheart does this. With all its factual errors, it successfully conveys to a modern audience the spirit of the times much better than some pedantic and academic attempt at historical reconstruction. For this reason we can forgive much of its cod medievalism. The picture that emerges is that Wallace was a man of the people, a hero who fought against enormous odds, often opposed by Scotland's selfish nobles, a brilliant warrior and general who hated the invaders of his brave little nation and gave his life without even the thought of surrender. <br />The battle scenes rock, with great special effects and editing, and the music score succeeds both in amplifying emotions and giving the movie a bouncy Celtic rhythm that carries it along. Mel can't help looking like a Hollywood superstar, but he is possessed by a demon spirit. Patrick McGoohan is suitably arrogant and evil as Edward Longshanks, while David O'Hara's crazed Irishman, is the central beam from which the movie's gallows humor is hung. This allows us to keep the right distance from the emotionally overwhelming events. <br />Some people find the brutal execution scene at the end upsetting, and I can understand why. Director Mel Gibson pulls no punches in showing us medieval torture inflicted on his actor self - almost as if he hated himself a little! But this is also one of the key scenes in the film as Wallace's spirit of freedom starts to infect even the unworthy English rabble who have come to see him tortured and butchered.
B00004RHZU|4.0|Coming on like a fuschia-haired street punk, Pink is more Philly Soul than Riot Grrrl.  She has a &quot;Split Personality&quot; on more than just the first cut on this excellent disc, giving herself advice, multi-tracked like a one girl girl-group.  But this is one bi-polar hottie that doesn't always take her meds.  The ubiquitous and still slamming &quot;Most Girls&quot; still is a hooky wonder, and Pink's pomo feminism is athletic and knowing.  She has a good eye for current modes d'affaires (&quot;You Make Me Sick&quot;) and can throw down on a heart-felt torch song (&quot;Let Me Let You Know&quot;).  How Pink escaped being nominated for a Grammy as Best New Artist is beyond me, but she will definitely be around for more than a minute.  This is one album you can listen to from beginning to end without being bored.  Caution:  Give this CD two or three spins before the grooves and Pink's voice sink in, and you will be hooked.
0767810856|4.0|I recently bought and rewatched the DVD of this movie.  I was absolutely delighted from start to finish.  I'm a romantic movie fan, watching a lot of foreign films in this genre as well.  I have to say that I'm surprised &quot;It Could Happen To You&quot; is not more widely regarded as a classic.  It is easily the equal of &quot;Sleepless in Seattle&quot; or &quot;When Harry Met Sally&quot;.  The storyline is sweet and funny and leaves you feeling good about life.  I found the screeplay and the production quite good.  What really puts this movie over the top though are the actors.  <br />Who would believe Nicolas Cage, bad boy extraordinaire of &quot;Vampire's Kiss&quot; and &quot;Wild at Heart&quot; could so sweetly and convincingly play a nice guy?  In Cage's hands, Charlie is utterly believable and real.  You completely buy his fundamental decency, his inability to break a promise or not do 'the right thing'.  And he is just so generally charming and attractive in this movie.  If I were handing out Oscars, Cage would get one for playing Charlie.  I can't remember when I've seen such a completely natural performance.  Bridget Fonda is outstanding as well.  She matches Cage's believability and charm.  And the chemistry the two of them generate together is heady stuff from the moment they meet.  Rosie Perez is very funny as well, but she is obviously doing humor -- a spoof.  Cage and Fonda play it like the real thing and hit at a much deeper level.<br />I watched this with my 11 year old daughter and husband and they both really liked it as well.  I would give it 5 stars, but I was disappointed that the DVD didn't have any bonus features.  I would enjoyed some interviews or a 'making of' featurette.  <br />This is one to watch again and again.
0792844890|1.0|It had been years since I'd seen the film and I didn't remember it being very good... but for 8 bucks I figured I'd give it another chance.  Should have trusted my memory... Mel Brooks really bottomed out after he stopped working with Gene Wilder (and ditto for Wilder, but that's another story).  The jokes are limp as a wet noodle, the comic timing is terrible.  I did not laugh ONCE.  That's a total of ZERO laughs for those of you keeping score at home.  The commentary track is also painfully boring as Brooks continuously explains the obvious and pats himself on the back...
B00003CXHJ|4.0|&quot;U571&quot; is a Great Example of Turning an OK Premise into a Good Script and making a Great Movie. The Film provides all the Required Sub movie Thrills and although it doesn't add anything new to the Genre, it Serves it's Function by Being all it can Be in the Thrill department. <br />I believe that it's a Step Up for the Director Jonathon Mostow. His last film &quot;Breakdown&quot; did not feature the required thrills and I found it Predictable and Boring, &quot;U571&quot; was Neither of those things, some have called it predictable, but I don't believe that they Predicted the twist half way through, (No Spoilers, see it for yourself) and I don't think anyone can call it boring. <br />Sure, no Crew men will be reeling in a Oscar, but startling performances arn't what the films about, theres no room for them, they slow a film down, as does Character Development. The Acting here is as good as it needs to be.<br />All in All, it's a great nights entertainment, A Bare Bones Thriller that Achieves what it set out to, to thrill the audience for an Hour and Forty minutes.
B00005214X|5.0|I hadn't heard this album in years and I forgotten how good it was.  This is clearly George Harrison at his best, and while John Lennon may have written better individual songs, this is  the best solo album effort by any of the fab four.
B000056K04|5.0|Everyday by the Dave Matthews Band is my most favorite group of music put together that I have ever heard.
B000001DQI|4.0|...is at once sprawling and a little unfocused.  Originally released on MCA as a double LP and later as a double CD set, *Goodbye Yellow Brick Road* covers a lot of ground, from John Lennon (&quot;Funeral For A Friend&quot;) to prostitutes (&quot;Sweet Painted Lady&quot;), teenage lesbians (&quot;All The Girls Love Alice&quot;), a scathing indictment of how the Hollywood star system builds people up only to tear them down (&quot;Candle In The Wind&quot;), and gangsters (&quot;The Ballad of Danny Bailey (1909-34)&quot;).  Many great tracks are here: the title track; &quot;Bennie and the Jets&quot;; &quot;Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting&quot;; &quot;Grey Seal&quot;; and &quot;Love Lies Bleeding&quot;.  Highly recommended.
B00003IPFK|5.0|Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones's best work ever. These two don't act they ARE Augustus McRae and Woodrow F. Call. The casting director deserves medals galore for these choices. No piece of film has ever captured the declining freedom of the great Wild West like Lonesome Dove. That is way this movie is so universal. Anyone who has ever experienced any sort of Adventure must see this film<br />A brilliant, brilliant piece of film.
B000056VIY|5.0|This album rocks! Jennifer Lopez can really sing!  Most of the songs on this album would really grow on you. They are all great, &quot; Love dont cost a thing&quot; &quot;Real&quot; &quot;Play&quot; &quot;Walking on sunshine&quot; and &quot;Ain't it funny&quot; being some of the best!! This album is cool and definately worth buying! I would highly recomend it!
0060977493|5.0|One of the best books I've ever read. Up there with &quot;To Kill a Mocking Bird&quot; and &quot;Catch 22&quot;.
B000056K04|4.0|While a departure from what Dave Matthews Band fans are used to, with the previous three studio cuts coming from produce Steve Lillywhite, this new album, &quot;Everyday&quot; has it's charms. Dave on the electric is able to create a new sound the compliments the old quite well. Songs such as &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;The Space Between&quot; bring the old Charlottesville eclectic tunes with a new version of the energy. Many of the tunes are very catchy and I imagine will see a fair amount of radio play. Overall a very nice album, and while it may seem as too foreign to die-hard DMB fans, I imagine it will slowly grow on even the staunch old believers.
B00004T8RK|4.0|It's kind of wierd to think about, but all the &quot;grunge&quot; bands that were around when Pearl Jam started have fallen to the wayside...yet Pearl Jam remains.  Why is that?  What is so great about this band?<br />Pearl Jam's newest album is definetly an album that was not created to be popular.  I won't go into a track by track synopsis of this album because I think it would not do it justice.  Perhaps even more than No Code, this album is just what it is...an album.  It is greater than the sum of its parts. <br />It's too bad Pearl Jam doesn't get the wide recognition it once did, for they are really one of the few rock bands that really put some thought and care into their lyrics and music.  This album certainly proves that.  Vedder has a gift for songwriting, and every time I listen to this album I hear something that I didn't hear before...<br />If you want a complex album that will reward you for listening to it over and over...buy this album.  The die-hard Pearl Jam fan will like it as well.
B0000029DD|5.0|After listening to this album, you feel mixed emotions.  Sad, depressing and teary eyed, but then you think &quot;wow. this is like the best album ever.&quot;  I've had this album for only a little while, but its the only thing i have listened to.  his cover of Lilac Wine is so beautiful, and you can almost sense him crying. There are no skipping-tracks, all of it is pure bliss.  I reccomend this to everybody.  Be ready to be taken onto an emotional rolllercoaster.  He is the best vocalist of all time in my opinion-i know it sounds a bit nieve, but owning over 400 cd's from all different genre's, this is a pretty educated decision, along with Thom Yorke, and Lisa Stansfield.  GET THIS ALBUM. PLEASE.  i guarentee you will like it.
B000001F2H|4.0|As a Mayall freak from way back, this album consolidated my love of the blues 'British version' after 'Hard Road'. Clapton expressed his stamp on the blues with this album even though I know now he borrowed so much much from existing artists. An absolute must for any blues enthusiast.
0790729989|5.0|Ok looking through the reviews it seems people are falling into 3 camps: Offensive, just another cop movie or a classic. Now in my opnion this is the definetive cop movie which is a classic, but can also be offensive and quite disgusting at times. I think the director merely had to make an impact, on the 1st commentary track on the SE DVD, he says they used the ending to fufill the audiences bloodlust, they had to to make money. Fair enough because I feel Fincher has created the only movien which Ican safely say is close to perfection. Freeman playing Somerset, the tired, old detective who just wants to leave but is drwan back in plays his part with such understatement but with a subtle power and energy which he seems to get from Brad Pitt's Mills that his perfomance just blew me away. Brad Pitt, in my opnion maybe one of the films weakest links, just doesn't really hit the balance between arrogance and likeability well enough. After all his character goes through you can't just help thinking that he is a bit of a... Kevin Spacey is a revelation, he just seems to play these charceters so beautifully, almost disintrested but still focused on their goal deep inside that he creates an unforgetable perfoance. The credits are stunning, the direction amazing, the new job done to the ideo and sound, and the extras are just amazing. My god how much do I love this film. Please at least see it.
B000002OMN|5.0|I was so happy to get this CD for Christmas '99!  Not because I never heard it or I've heard it only a few times, it's because I now have a CD version of it, and I could finally stop buying new cassettes of it; I wore them out every 6 months from listening to them too much!<br />I listened to this CD before any other I got because I knew I would find immediate satisfaction and thrill from this CD.  Almost every track in this CD is not music to the ears, but rather a collection of notes, words and sound waves that grip the very soul.  Listening to it can make your pulse raise, as it is easily the most intense music I have ever heard in my life!<br />The first three tracks are easily my three favorite songs in the whole world as they all portray absolutely amazing amounts of emotion, each one grasping a different sensation.  All the tracks portray a nieve viewpoint of the world with emotions of love, lust, loneliness, frustration and repression.  The words are commonly poetic, the melodies are both grand and original, the music is both intense and very complex, and Meat Loaf gives off even more emotional vibes than the music itself!<br />I know people who live in a rut in their lives, and I truly believe that this CD can reverse the feeling.  This CD is truly incredible!  If you like hard rock, love songs or intensity, this CD will become part of your life!  Your soul will thank you later!
B000058T5E|5.0|Like a snake shedding it's skin, or a butterfly emerging from it's cocoon to be reborn, Jeff Beck has transformed himself.  Whether it is a stab at gaining younger listeners, or get commercial airplay, this album is a cut above.<br />I'm not going to slight any of the guitar god's mentioned in some of the other reviews here.  Page and Clapton have earned their spurs, and don't deserve the it.<br />On this album, Jeff and mates do alot of experimentation.  Techno beats, and some sampling only accentuate the guitar on this one.  Unlike some other attempts by musicians, the electronica does not take away from the performance.<br />Over the years, Jeff has kept himself busy in the background, working with some of the best in music.  It does look like he kept the best for himself though.  This album, and the one previous to this one, show that he is not afraid to try news things, and keep his playing from growing stale.<br />Buy this album, whether your a fan of his guitar work, or a fan of techno/electronica, you won't be disappointed.
0380788624|5.0|My reaction to it is similar to my reaction to Stoppard's incredible &quot;Arcadia.&quot;  This is a book that shows how moving, exciting, and emotional the &quot;dry&quot; subjects that intellectuals and engineers deal with every day can be.  If you are the kind of person who might find the illustrated mathematical description of a man's sex life and its effect on his productivity amusing, or are the kind of person who has thought about such things in such terms yourself, you would do yourslef a great disservice by failing to read this book.<br />Of course its appeal is not limited to computer scientists or mathematicians.  Anyone with interests from history, to economics, to math, to academia, to the far east, to mythology, to religion, to fantasy role playing will find something to resonate with in this book.<br />On finishing it I was struck with a sadness that I knew it would be a very long time before I found another book nearly as remarkable.
B000056K04|5.0|I was one of those people who stood in line before midnight so I could get my hands on this album immediately.  For me, I Did It is a good song, but the others are much better!  Any DMB fan who listens will see the band's musical talent glow brighter than ever.  Buy, buy, buy!!!!!
B00003CXFG|2.0|This is a disapointing movie.  If I did not have a general interest for all SciFi movies, I would not have been able to sit ttrough it.  The story is minimal.  Character development is non-existent (people are killed, and nobody cares; example: Zeke kills a surviver by mistake, and there is no comment or critique by the others).  I can not even believe that the &quot;uncut&quot; version has only character development scenes added.  How low can you go.<br />The story is unbelievable, and at times very unlogical.  I had to ask myselfs at times, where the hell does he/she comes now from.  Another example:  One moment they complain how to drag 4 35kg batteries to a spaceship.  Presented as a huge problem.  Eclipse starts.  All of the sudden one character says: &quot;Quick, the cat is solar&quot;.  They jump on and drive to the ship.  ???  Did I miss something here?  This is a poor excuse for a story.<br />If you like low-budget horror movies, this one is for you.<br />If you like SciFi, hands off, don't buy.  Rent will do fine for this one.<br />DVD picture quality: Excelent DVD features: Poor<br />Positive: Multi-kulti stuff.  Refreshing. Technical execution.  Plus, the DVD is very good.
B0000524E5|2.0|My roomate bought this dvd, thinking that it would be fun and mindless, along the lines of Bring It On or such.  It was a terrible disapointment.  We were prepared for chics dancing on bars and related craziness, but it was actually a slow-moving story about a country girl who moves to the Big Apple to become a songwriter but is afraid to sing in public.  By the end you will be begging her to sing the (explicative deleted) song!  In conclusion, make another selection at the video store!
B000059RL3|5.0|What's Going On is one of the all-time great albums in music history.  On any listing of the top albums of all-time, the album is invariably ranked among the top ten.  The album combines lush orchestrations, beautiful singing and conscious raising lyrics.  If you already own this album, you will still want to purchase this edition for the 1972 Kennedy Center concert on disk two.  It contains the entire album live as well as other hits and it finds Marvin Gaye at the top of his game.  Perhaps he was propelled by the fact that Washington DC officials had declared it Marvin Gaye Day and gave him a key to the city, but he sang with an urgency and passion that went unmatched.  The first disk contains the original album as well as a &quot;Detroit Mix&quot; of the album.  It is interesting to hear the alternate version, but the original still stands out.  The booklet is top notch with a heartfelt and elegant essay by Mr. Gaye's close friend Smokey Robinson.  You cannot give this album enough praise and all the accolades it has received over the past thirty years are well deserved. Perhaps the highest praise you can give it is that the album still sounds fresh, new and relevant after all these years.
B00003CWL6|2.0|What &quot;American Beauty&quot; is supposed to be about involves a dysfunctional American suburban family who suffers uncommon everyday social problems. The idea of the dad being attracted to her daughter's friend is more frequent in real life than most people believe. But, I don't think it was done right when Kevin Spacey did drugs and other things to impress her. This didn't show any reaction from his daughter. This was a lot like a Jerry Springer episode.<br /> The entire main idea of this movie was very flawed because reaction to the situation was only seen through the eyes of Kevin Spacey: not of his wife or his daughter. It's like your looking for the hamburger buns and you're obviously in the dairy section. If you study this movie after you watch it a few times, you'll probably get the REAL idea of it.
B0000060NH|5.0|When Trouble Man was released in 1972, it was a chic thing for r&amp;b artists to score blaxplotation films.  Alot of these scores were forgettable, but a few like Isaac Hayes' Shaft and Curtis Mayfield's Superfly are artistic landmarks.  While Trouble Man isn't quite the equal of those two classics, it contains some of the most interesting work of Marvin Gaye's career.  The album is made up instrumentals (save for the title track) and Mr. Gaye is up to the task of creating a mood for the film.  The songs are lush and filled with saxes, strings and strong keyboard from Mr. Gaye.  The title track is a minor classic and in many ways sums up Marvin Gaye best.
B00004SCBG|4.0|The &quot;King Crimson&quot; name applies, basically, to any band of Robert Fripp's which he feels qualifies for it. On this 1970 offering, the transition is completed from the big woodwind + mellotron sound of the 1st two albums to a more nimble, frilly, explicitly jazzy big horns + piano sound. Opener &quot;Cirkus&quot; alternates between icily pretty psychedelic verses and graunchingly heavy breaks. The inscrutability of Sinfield's lyrics is only surpassed by those of the next two surreal numbers. &quot;Lady&quot; is a return to the pretty balladry of &quot;I Talk to the Wind&quot;. Then - side 2. A 20-minute epic in several sections, a few years before Genesis or Yes went for it. Borrowing Jon Anderson for vocals gives the first section an echo of Yes, except for the sharper, darker edge to the music. VERY pretty up to the relentless, repetitive horn-riffing of the &quot;Battle of Glass Tears&quot; which is overlong. After a return to coherence, the finale &quot;Big Top&quot; is a brief vision of a circus ring seen through a haze of very bad [stuff]. Odd finish, although it takes us back nicely to the metaphor of track 1, side 1...
6305470464|5.0|It is rare that I award five stars in any review, but Playing By Heart is a rare type of film.  Pulp Fiction-like in storytelling, the movie is composed of a puzzle-piece plot of various stories that come together beautifully in the end.  This movie subverts a lot of cinematic standards.  The story line is not linear, the characters are not your typical theatrical cookie-cutter cut-outs, and the message of the film is topical and revelatory.<br />If that doesn't sell you, check out this cast: <br />-Angelina Jolie at her finest, and this beauty is fine on an off day. -Gillian Anderson in her best role to date (mind you, I have yet to see House of Mirth). -Ellen Burnstyn and Jay Moore in roles so powerful that you will want to immediately call your parents or children and tell them how much you love them. -Sean Connery and Gena Rowlands...need I say more.  What a handsome couple they make in this film too. -Ryan Phillipe easily giving his most emotional and powerful role to date.<br />-John Stuart proving he can act his way to bigger and better things than The Daily Show. -Dennis Quaid in the role that will keep you guessing the most. -...and last but not least: Anthony Edwards and Madeline Stowe.  I was never a huge fan of Stowe, but she was amazing in this film.<br />I give you listing of the cast only to emphasize how brilliant this movie is.  I have no idea why it got minimal press when it was released in theaters, but don't let this film pass you up! It was easily the best film I've seen in years.  An amalgam of heart, acting, and storytelling at its best.  Brilliant!
B00004SCBE|2.0|Second-most irritating Crimson album after &quot;Earthbound&quot;.  I have nothing against the vocal tracks and the 'Peace&quot; interludes - considered in isolation, they are all great examples of mellotron/sax/Frippguitar-driven prog rock. Main changes in sound due to personnel changes: no clarinet as Ian McDonald is replaced by Mel Collins, and Greg Lake bows out halfwa through in favour of vocal tyro Gordon Haskell. BUT there is a one to one correspondence with the slightly rougher, more spontaneous-sounding tracks of the first album. The tune of &quot;In the Wake&quot; is virtually a counterpoint to that of 'Epitaph&quot;. The self-parody or rehashing grates. There is also a bit of a 3-way  clash between the reworked original material, &quot;the Devil's Triangle&quot; (KC's take on &quot;Mars&quot; from Holst's Planet Suite), and the satirical jazz-fusion single &quot;Cat Food&quot;, which points the direction the band sound would take for the next album (Keith Tippett piano all over the place...). Overall - integrity compromised. Max 2.5 stars. Truly beautiful cover, though.
B000056K04|2.0|I rushed out and bought Everyday on the first day it was available.  I must admit I am disappointed.  The other reviewers have all pointed out that this is a different sound for the band.  I don't think its a change for the better.  The sound is, while still containing some of Dave's unique features, much more like generic pop and rock than the acoustic, reedy, improvisational and airy sound that fans typically associate with Dave.  This album may well end up being more popular with the general public and become his best selling album, but I really miss the lengthy, improvisational tracks from Before These Crowded Streets and the great surreal singles from the early albums.  Granted I haven't really given it a chance to grow on me, but I don't think I'll change my view that this is by far the weakest of his studio albums.
0679879269|5.0|Lyra is kept in a forced sleep by her newly discoverd mother Mrs. Coulter, with her newly found love for Lyra. Lyra must make a big sacrafice to aplogize to her friend Roger, who had been killed by her father Lord Asriel. they will seek help from the tinney Galviespians, and Iroek Bryinson.    Mary Malone travlrd to a planet were the creatures there can see dust. They help her make a spyglass that enables her to soo dust too, and she discovers that the dust is drained out of all of the worlds that has ever had a doorway opend into it by the Subtle Knief.<br /> An assasan was sent to kill the tempter, before she tempted Lyra with the possibilty of her making the wrong choice. destroying every conscience being in every world.
B00003CXC7|5.0|For a director who once described his actors as cattle and who said the best way to direct them is to treat them as cattle; Alfred Hitchcock sure got the best out of his actors.  <br />Mr. Hitchcock never really got the credit he deserved for most of his acting performances in his films: especially with his work with leading and supporting female actresses.   Part of the reasoning may be due to the fact that he did work with the best talent in Hollywood.  But look at his past films and you will see characters that come alive and feel lived in.  There's extreme depth, realism, and complexity to most of his movie characters.<br />In his 1954 classic, Rear Window, Hitchcock gets career performances from Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly.  Both actors carry this film to heights that would not have occurred with lesser talent.  Stewart and Kelly both do something that is extremely difficult for an actor to achieve on screen.  <br />They don't act, they re-act.  <br />It's very difficult for an actor/actress to achieve this effect for a sustained period of time.  There's always that motor or inner instinct telling the actor that they have to do something or show the motivation of the character. It basically takes trust. Trust in the story and directing.    I see a lot of this reactionary acting in Asian cinema.  In particular Japanese films.  The effect is still the same, but in Asian cinema we get the reactionary shots via conversation(more so than American cinema).  For example, when we see a shot of the person listening and not the character talking it creates a very compelling shot.  A surprise element comes into play.<br />In Rear Window the effect is different as we see Kelly and Stewart reacting to off screen stimuli.  By using subtle gestures and reactions we get inside the heads of the two characters.  We feel thier confusion, anxiety, and bewilderment.  The subtlety of the acting is so precise in its realism that the audience feels that they are a 3rd person voyeur.It's this talent that the actors bring to the table and the set up of the story that makes this film work.<br />Sure Mr. Hitchcock creates breathtaking POV shots, wonderful pacing, and unique camera angles to create \\"pure cinema\\", but believe me it's the strong acting and compelling story that makes this film an endearing classic.
0140288503|4.0|One wonders how many of the 360 reviews now posted on Amazon for Mark Bowden's book are really from those who have just seen the movie.  Hopefully the action film will encourage people to also pick up the book.<br />Black Hawk Down has rightly been praised for its compelling story of the vicious street battle in Mogadishu. Bowden brings the reader as close to the experience of combat as well as any writer could. But there is much more to this book than simply a tale of battle well told. It is a powerful critique of the US style of peacekeeping. and has important things to say about how governments should and shouldn't use military force internationally.<br />The book exposes major flaws in the US military approach to peacekeeping. Why was it that US forces in Mogadishu had not worked up procedures for combined operations with the other peacekeeping nations. A US Lieutenant Colonel asks 'do the Malaysians speak English?' as frantic attempts are made to put a rescue convoy together. So much for the multilateral nature of the mission! Bowden is too kind in his judgements about the competence of both senior US military and political handling of Somalia. The failure to provide the force with adequate armoured vehicle mobility, for example, was a major blunder. Military leadership in Mogadishu seems at best to have been amazingly unconcerned about the dangers posed by Somali militias. Locating the Ranger forces in a hangar easily visible to, and within mortar shelling distance of Mogadishu city is one of many puzzling command decisions mentioned in the book.<br />At the strategic level the biggest puzzle is what the US (and by extension the other peacekeeping participants) thought they were going to achieve in Somalia. While the reasons for intervention may be understandable the exact aims and purpose of the mission remained dangerously clouded. Inattentive management of the mission at senior levels in Washington compounded this. As Bowden describes it, the mission to capture some of Mohamed Aidid's lieutenants which led to the shooting down the two Blackhawk helicopters was not authorised by the US political leadership. Yet the result was complete failure of the peacekeeping mission, the ignominious withdrawal of the US forces, the deaths of 18 US servicemen and (conservatively) 500 Somalis. <br />If ever there was a lesson in how not to run a peacekeeping operation this was it! Military and civilian strategic policy makers everywhere should read Bowden's dispassionate account of this disastrous mission.
0671004107|5.0|What a beautiful book!  Until recently, I had never read any of Sagan's work but this book was spectacular.  There is so much heart and emotion and feeling here that I felt like immediately reading it over again once I'd finished.  I'm also ashamed to say I hadn't seen the movie until after reading the book, but I guess that was the best way to go at it.  The character of Ellie is completely real and made me miss the relationship I had with my own father as a child (and also question by believe in God).  Anyway, a great read!  Also, for anyone who really enjoyed this book, I recently read a book called The Space Between by Ronald Damien Malfi and I felt the book had a similar feel, if you're looking for a good next read.  I also recently read Islands in the Stream by Ernest Hemingway, but I guess that's a bit different than these other two.
B000056HOZ|2.0|I agree with the previous comments about the technical quality of this DVD.  Compared to the Eagles &quot;Hell Freezes Over&quot; DTS DVD, the producers should be ashamed of this effort.  It pales in comparison to other remastered material, like the Talking Heads &quot;Stop Making Sense&quot;.  Although a great selection of material by the Boss (perhaps a bit heavier on the 90's material than I'd prefer), the surround sound audio track if absolutely awful and I refuse to even play it anymore -- the standard PCM audio simulated into surround sound is much better.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This is an absolutely amazing movie.  It will satisfy any lover of action movies while still giving the viewer something to think about.  The movie deals not only with the cat and mouse chase of Pacino and Deniro as cop and robber respectively, but also with the people whose lives their actions affect.  You see Pacino's wife try to deal with loving a man who is never there; Deniro isolating himself from all emotional contact in order to be ready to run at all times; Kilmer loosing his wife, son and fortune to his gambling addiction.  It is engrossing to watch these lives play out against the backdrop of the LA crime scene.  The movie is a long ride, but it is worth every second.
B000055Y0X|5.0|I'm not Stanley Kubrick's biggest fan but I think that this film is far and away his masterpiece. The humor is perhaps what makes this film easier for me to watch than something like 2001 (which I appreciate aesthetically). Kubrick manages to catch Sellers in some of his funniest roles. While some of the dialogue is quite hilarious there's a profound message at its core. Kubrick quite deftly points out the lunacy of the nuclear arms race. It's as though he sugar-coated the medicine without lessening any of its effect.<br />This film is similar to Fail Safe in terms of plot. However, the two films take different approaches to the subject and both are worthwhile. I do think, though, that Kubrick made the better film.
0553269631|1.0|The book asks many questions, answers few and just refuses to reach any kind of conclusion on anything.<br />It's standing at #17 in the Modern Library Top 100 borders on the absurd
B000056K04|3.0|My trust in the human condition is shattered.  Where are our heroes?  Dave Matthews, I assumed, would weather the swirling storm known as pop insanity for at least another day.  I was wrong.  Enlisting the able assistance of none other than Alanis-scribe Glen Ballard (didn't he also have a generous hand in the hit machine/juggernaut known as Wilson Phillips?), DMB has been reduced in stature.  Heroes, where are they?  Where have you gone, Joe Dimaggio?  Dave Matthews, selling out for radio-friendly jingles?  Guilty as charged.<br />Customers who bought this also bought:<br />A laxative
1586210912|4.0|My Dad told me about this book, and for a good reason.  I'm 33, divorced, and have not a thing to show for it.  After reading Robert T. Kiyosaki's book, I have made drastic changes in the way I think and feel about money, work, time-management, and my dad.  This book hits things right on the &quot;money&quot;, and opens your eyes so that you can see the bigger picture and begin to make serious changes.  The book is extremely easy to read and follow.  And if you have an open mind, you can allow it to transform your way of thinking to start you on the track toward financial success.  I highly recommend it to anyone who is ready to hear and to believe that the old ways are out and it's time for a new way of teaching, learning and living with money.
B00000DR5D|4.0|A fantastic second set more than compensates for a disjointed, meandering first. Lively and fun, which is novel since up to this point TaDream released nothing but &quot;Thinker's&quot; music.
6304806442|5.0|A great, moving, realistic film.<br />And it convinced me that heroin was a bad idea.
B0000524CY|4.0|*sigh* I know this is something like the 350th review of this film and I doubt I'll add a whole lot of new info but here goes...<br />The Exorcist has long managed to scare me. Perhaps it has to do with the fact that it appeals to my Roman Catholic heritage and the fear of the Devil that countless nuns instilled in us. So when I heard that a new version of the film was being released with added footage I was quite excited. I'd read the novel years ago and wanted to see some of what had been left out put back in.<br />For the most part I was not disappointed. Fans of the original version will most likely enjoy this one as well. Much of what is added serves to make the viewer even more sympathetic to Regan's plight. However, two things prevent me from giving this version the five stars that the orignal gets. First, the 'subliminals'. Friedkin has thrown in a number of subliminal images that really add nothing to the film and serve more as red herrings to the real scares in the film. Second, the new ending drags a little. In the orignal we see Fr. Dyer wave as the car pulls away with Regan in it. Here we have a 3-5 minute conversation between Dyer and Kinderman that adds nothing to what has come before and really serves to weaken the slight ambiguity of the original ending.<br />In short, this is not a bad version but I'd recommend the original version to those who have never seen the film before.
6305897786|3.0|The movie was alright, interesting but not completely engaging.  The best part of the movie was that it turned me onto the book, which is very, very good.  The depth of the book is almost impossible to translate into a film.
B000056K04|5.0|I would have to say I completely agree with the editorial review from Amazon.com.  This is a fine album with the band exploring new territory (Dave on electric guitar, Boyd and LeRoi contributing less than on previous albums), and the result is a different sound but with several elements that make it obviously a DMB album.  Writing and recording the songs in nine days means the band could not road test the songs, and I'm sure that with their upcomming tour several of the songs will evolve into a more typical DMB sound complete with long jams.  While I like the CD I think I do miss the influence of Lillywhite, and everything Amazon.com says on this point is right on.  I wish this would have been a double CD or at least included some of the songs from the &quot;lost Lillywhite sessions&quot; (as they are commonly called among Dave's fans) such as Grace is Gone and Grey Street.  Definately buy it, but listen with an open mind and don't make any judgements until you've listened through a couple of times
B0000029DD|5.0|For the people who know great love songs like U2's 'So Cruel' and Pearl Jam 'Black' this is another to add to your collection. The track 'Lover, you should've come over' is worth buying this disc all by itself.  It indeed is now the best love song I've ever heard - I've never felt so much emotion from any singer.  Be prepared to weep for the warm hearted.
B000056K04|4.0|&quot;Everyday&quot; is not the best of Matthews' discs one can purchase (in my opinion, &quot;Crash&quot; will forever remain his best effort), but it's not one to ignore either. Certainly, Dave's new sound is a bit... odd, compared to his earlier recordings. The pop-ish jam that preceded this CD has become the band's trademark, and that may be why they felt the need to move in a more edgier direction. Either way, the band carries itself beautifully across the genre, stretching the bounds of rock music. Don't write off &quot;Everyday&quot;, with songs like &quot;Space Between&quot;, &quot;If I Had It All&quot;, and &quot;What You Are&quot;. Dave and his crew remain my favorite band of all time.
B00000K19E|5.0|I absolutely (aside from mindless comedies like monty python and dumb &amp; dumber) love movies that make you think, or even watch them again to fully understand the plot.  If you own a DVD player, this is a must have because the music and special effects are incredible.  It really makes you wonder whether the reality you precieve is real or not.  If you've ever had the feeling that you're in a first-person video game, or if you just love a good mind bender, this movie's for you!
B000002UBU|4.0|Noone can dispute that American Pie and Vincent are two of the most unusual, provocative, great songs of the 70s, particularly American Pie with its mysterious and evocative lyrics and unforgettable tune.  (By the way I heard McLean perform American Pie with the Boston Pops last summer for the Fourth of July and it was awful!!  Alas, time changes everything)  Several of the other songs, though justly not nearly as famous, are very good as well, my favorite being Till Tomorrow.  That said, it is time for a reissue to improve the rather mediocre sound on this CD, and wouldn't it be nice to have some bonus tracks like McLean's lovely single Castles in the Air without having to buy another CD just to hear it, and maybe even a live version of American Pie (surely there must be one out there).  With those improvements this would be a five star CD.
B000000Y1H|5.0|Just listen to this CD and let the Monk take you to a cool place.  Not cool as in frigid, but cool as in yeah.
0783226063|4.0|Even though this movie is old and outdated technical wise, it is by far the best version of Dune released to any screen. Even though the recent TV version showed alot more of the story, I found it just too cheap and badly put together. This Dune movie feels solid as a whole, maybe a little boring at times, but I enjoy It very much.
0307120007|5.0|This is by far one of my daughter's all time favorite books.  We have to read this every night, or our evening is not complete.  My daughter has loved this book since she was six months old, now almost two years old.  This is a must have!  It is an interactive book that encourages hand play.  I love watching her  anticipate the comming pages.
B000056K04|2.0|I wanted to love it, I really did... Even after hearing &quot;I did it&quot; on the radio, I thought - hey, they can't all be this bad (boring, repetitive, lousy lyrics, repetitive, basically a groove song without a good groove)<br />Well... It has a few nice moments. &quot;When the world ends&quot; is alright, but electronic stuff is annoying. &quot;So Right&quot; and &quot;Mother Father&quot; both have some redeeming value. Mostly, though, I am extremely disappointed. Here's why:<br />1. They don't have &quot;the sound&quot; - there is almost zero violin (when there is violin it is all electronicized), the sax plays a very infrequently-employed supporting role, the bass is usually too loud, there is almost no acoustic guitar, etc etc<br />2. They use incredibly cheesy-sounding formulas. I couldn't believe hearing Dave's voice echoing softer and softer - think Backstreet Boys. <br />3. The lyrics are not good. DMB lyrics have never been all that amazing, but they've been decent, and in this album the voice is very front-and-center, and I really noticed the lyrics, which it turns out is not a good thing...<br />Ick! I'm listening now, and I just can't get over how... how much DMB sounds like any other band. It's all formula, and I just don't understand almost every decision that went into this album. I just noticed &quot;Words and music by David J. Matthews and Glen Ballard&quot; - Say it ain't so, Dave!<br />Judging from reviews I've already read, a lot of people will love anything involving the letters DMB. All the more power to them. All I know is that this day I have lost much respect for Dave Matthews Band.
B000002J6H|5.0|I love this album.  I recently went to visit my brother and he played this CD constantly.  This was our parents' music and after listening to this stuff I could never enjoy the pop music that came afterwards.  I just want to add that I have loved the song &quot;Love the One You're With&quot; since I was a child and I always thought it meant that if you can't be with the one you think you love, because they have rejected you or dumped you, then you should let go of them, get over it and enjoy being with the one who loves you.  Very good advice I think.
B000002JSP|5.0|After reading many of these other reviews posted here, I see many different opinions...my 2 cents sez that IT'S ONE OF THEIR BEST...in the form of breaking (what was at that time) new sonic ground while maintaining that good 'ol bang-yer-girlie-on-the-neighbors-lawn Zep feel. The way Robert Plant sings on this is awesome yet subtly more mature (and let's face it, people and ideas really DO grow upwards and onwards), Page ALWAYS playing true-blue Rock-n-Roll (no matter how many cc's he had coursing through his veins), JPJ inserting a wealth of new &amp; experimental synth sounds (even though not properly respected by the old guard), and Bonham...dear dear John Bonham...if he only knew what his drumming meant to the world on ANY Zep album out there, and this album is no exception. This unexpected final outing makes one wonder what kind of stuff these 4 men would've created had John not left this world...if you have no real reason whatsoever to buy this album, Bonham's drumming is the reason all along. RIP John, and thanks for the good time.......
B000056K04|3.0|The album is pretty good.  The other reviewers are right,  this is not traditional Dave, but I have a feeling that it's because RCA made them scrap the album the band was going to release.  If you were at the summer and fall concerts, you would have herd some of the songs that were going to be released--Gray Street, Grace is Gone, etc...  But overall, the songs are good, with the exception of track two which has a very unusual ending (no fading, it just cuts off).
B000056K04|5.0|This new CD by the band is different. I think it is a good different though. It is the same old DMB with all the rough edges smoothed out. It is a nice collection of songs. The songs aren't as upbeat and happy as some other DMB songs. They are a little mellower and have lots of feeling. I think it is a wise buy for almost anyone. I think this CD will appeal to more than just your hardcore DMB fans. This will be a CD liked by many. I think this CD is setting up for another CD. A live one. I think DMB will get a live concert together with these new songs mixed in with the old classics. We all know DMB loves live CD's.
B00000INEX|1.0|In a certain sense, as a Bach fanatic, I support anything that exposes kids to his music.  So my 1-star rating is a bit awkward in that light.  However, I think it well worth pointing out that the music of Bach needs no video embellishment to captivate a child's attention.  As a toddler, I was given cassette tapes of Bach's music, and listened to them constantly.  In a very real sense, from about age 1 1/2 to 6 I lived *inside* the Brandenburg concertos, preludes, and fugues, and the immersive experience has irrevocably enhanced and deepened my perception and enjoyment of music to this day.  So, consider allowing your child to focus on the marvelous harmonic intricacy of Bach without the concurrent distraction of an irrelevant stream of baby photos and implicit toy ads.  Who knows? Maybe (s)he will grow up appreciating such music as more than mere auditory &quot;scenery&quot; (to which category Baroque music has largely been relegated in American society).
B00005067B|5.0|As Amazon gives no info whatsoever, here's what it's all about. Luxury velvet packaging includes cd &quot;all that you can leave behind&quot; 3 plectrums with the suitcase logo, U2 Zippo lighter, wool hat as worn by the Edge printed with &quot;u2000&quot;, numbered certificate limited to 1000 units only.<br />Well worth the money
B0000009SM|4.0|One Size Fits All is a fantastic album.  The musicianship is impeccable.  The band plays tight arrangements and there are also several amazing solos.  The best example of this is the album's opener, Inca Roads. Arguably, this is Zappa's best solo, originally recorded live, but I'll bet Zappa did some overdubbing on it in the studio afterwards.  While the instrumental arrangements on this album are superb, the lyrical and vocal content are somewhat lacking compared to other Zappa albums.  This album just doesn't have the combination of chaotic, yet catchy, melodies along with humorous lyrics that made Apostrophe work.  In addition the random vocal squawking that pops up every now and then is more annoying than artistic.  However, OSFA is the perfect compromise between Zappa's earlier jazz-fusion stuff, Hot Rats and Burnt Weeny Sandwich, and his later more simplistic humorous stuff, over-nite sensation.  This is almost Zappa's best album, but if you like Zappa's jazz based albums as opposed to his more humor based albums you'll probably agree with me that Zappa has better work, though you should deffinately still buy it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|..As for the music on the CD, this CD is a spectacularCD. Songs like &quot;Full Nelson&quot;, &quot;My Way&quot;,&quot;Boiler&quot;, and &quot;Hot Dog&quot; (even though they dissNine Inch Nails) are what make the CD very good. So I think you shouldignore all the negative reviews, and at least give this CD a try.
0553260111|3.0|A pretty good read if you can get past a few amazingly absurd leaps of logic.  The book starts out pretty slow but really gets going in the middle, with a build to the end that will certainly keep you reading.  Sadly, the ending does virtually nothing to resolve the story.  I'm still mystified by the climactic finale scene despite re-reading it.  Perhaps the pending movie will make some sense of it.
0449002632|3.0|Rutherford takes on the formidable task of relating 2,000 years of London history and must be given some credit for the result. He has obviously done a great deal of research of his subject and doesn't overburden the reader with an overly detailed , dry, scholastic recounting here. Considering the amount of ground he covers, (taking us from the period of  Roman occupation to the German Blitzkrieg), he does so rather economically. The problem lies in his failure to provide us with a  coherent narrative. His framing device of a hidden hoard of gold Roman coins comes off as contrived. His method of detailing generational threads leaves a lot to be desired.  Though he strives for at least a quasi-realistic approach,  how often, in real life, do succeeding generations mirror their ancestors to a degree they do here? Rutherford's approach is in fact anti-Darwinian. There is very little in the way of variation as one generation succeeds another. The offspring are practically clones of their forbears, with the same attitudes, attributes and overall composition. The bad seeds spawn more bad seeds. The good, honest, simple folk likewise pass on their exact characteristics to their children.  Normally, in family trees, there is at least nominal deviation. Not so in Rutherford's London. The device makes it easier for the reader to make connections as the eras pass forth, but true history, we remind ourselves, doesn't happen this way.<br />  The book, therefore, succeeds as a primer in the history of a city. We are given the relevant details of the Roman conquest, medieval revolt, the defeat of the Spanish Armada, the Great Plague, followed shortly thereafter by the Great Fire, etc., etc. Keep in mind, however, that it is a primer only. In some respects the drawbacks are similar to those faced by Lady Antonia Fraser in her book, The Lives of the Kings and Queens of England. Just as the reader becomes engrossed, or at the least engaged, in the period depicted, the author skips on to a different era and a new story. Of course, in Fraser's defense, she does treat the Royals in much more depth in all of her other books.<br />  If you enjoy Rutherford's accounts, please look to authors such as Daniel Defoe (on the Plague), Samuel Pepys (The Plague, the Fire and the Resoration in general). For amusement, as well as insight, you can't go wrong with Boswell's London Journal or his life of Samuel Johnson. For a compelling account of  the Wat Tyler revolt in medieval London, turn to Tuchman or Froissart. A better contemporary novel depicting  Restoration London is Rose Tremain's book, Restoration, which can be found here on Amazon. For the most vivid account of London in the 18th century, turn to Jonathan Swift's poem, \\"A Description of a City Shower.\\" If you want the history, without the fiction, there have been at least four full-scale London histories written in the past decade, most notable among them is Stephen Inman's A History of London.s on to a different era and a new story. Of course, in Fraser's defense, she does treat the Royals in much more depth in all of her other books.<br />       If you enjoy Rutherford's accounts, please look to authors such as Daniel Defoe (on the Plague), Samuel Pepys (The Plague, the Fire and the Resoration in general). For amusement, as well as insight, you can't go wrong with Boswell's London Journal or his life of Samuel Johnson. For a compelling account of  the Wat Tyler revolt in medieval London, turn to Tuchman or Froissart. A better contemporary novel depicting  Restoration London is Rose Tremain's book, Restoration, which can be found here on Amazon. For the most vivid account of London in the 18th century, turn to Jonathan Swift's poem, \\"A Description of a City Shower.\\" If you want the history, without the fiction, there have been at least four full-scale London histories written in the past decade, most notable among them is Stephen Inman's A History of London.
0780020685|5.0|I had never had the desire to watch a movie in subtitles. For some reason I always thought that it took away from the viewing of a film. Which is probably one of the most important aspects of watching a film altogether. So one day I decided to see what this film was about. There has been so much to say about it, I thought I would give it a try. THIS MOVIE BY FAR IS THE BEST PIECE OF FILM WORK I HAVE EVER VIEWED TO DATE! It has action, drama and romance in one perfect and complete package. The movie was always interesting and kept you glued to it from beging to end. It is about a small village that must seek the assistants of Samurai to protect them from a clan of invading murauders. Sounds like been there done that as far as Hollywood is concerened. But this movie flows with such grace and power you can't help but watch every minute of it! It's that good! Oh as far as subtitles are concerened, don't worry. You won't even notice your reading. That is how involved you become in this movie! You are almost oblivious to the fact your reading. It flows like second nature to you! This movie was also remade to a western theme called &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot; which I watched as well. It was good but not nearly as good as &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot;. To end this I would like to say that if you enjoy movies you should really view this film! It is a masterpiece of great film making and acting and is a must own title for everyone who enjoys a good movie!
0684853523|5.0|I was full of touching tear and joyful empowerment toward the end of the book.  I must have received very strong &quot;megentic forces&quot; of Mr. King's &quot;telepathy&quot; eminated from this book. (Mr. King likens the mystical power of the writing as &quot;telepathy&quot;, cute, isn't it?) This is a writing lesson taught by a real accomplished writer in a real life way.  For any aspiring writer, I think this piece not only reveals you some real insight about the writing but also give you the courage to writing, which is really important since writing is a lonely road.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I think that when rating a DVD, one should consider everything offered in addition to the movie itself.  This one delivers.<br />First, the film is reasonably compelling and is certainly well-acted.  But I suspect most of us have seen the film.  Thus, what exactly is offered in addition to that?<br />There is a grand making-of documentary that shows how the action and CGI are melded together, what influences went into the script and set design, how set and shots were conceived, and what the director was seeking to accomplish.<br />There is also an incredibly interesting (perhaps since I'm a former music major) documentary on the composer, how he goes about creating films scores and the Gladiator score in particular, how the concepts of the film influence what he wants his music to communicate and how he managed to recruit a couple of hard-to-locate musicians for the pieces.<br />There are tons of other extras as well: Deleted scenes with optional commentary, a hour long documentary (actually educational!) about the real Roman gladiators, production notes (a very interesting read--it all started with a painting!), etc.<br />Not only is this a fun (not great; very good but not great) movie, you'll get the satisfaction of truly getting a sense for the whole creative process behind the film.
B00004RFFS|3.0|OK, so it's tired and repetitive to critisize a film for not being as good as the novel. We've all heard that complaint more times than any of us can remember.<br />I so wanted to love Interview With The Vampire, but unfortunatly my knowledge and love for the novel it is based on came between us. It's difficult to judge a film on it's own merits when you are able to point out the changes made from the book and how they were detrimental to the film's lasting success. Interview with the vampire will never be regarded as a classic film, and there are many reasons why.<br />Firstly, the Character of Lestat is a vivacious, charismatic and incredibly attractive &quot;man&quot;. When reading the description of Lestat in Anne Rice's own words one actor immeaditaly springs to mind... Brad Pitt. Interesting then when it was announced that Tom Cruise was taking the role.... which in itself is ironic since Tom Cruise actually fits the description of Louis and has the abilty to convey the same personality traits as Louis. So this is the first big mistake. Had Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise reversed roles I am convinced both of them would have garnered Oscar Nominations. An interesting side note to this casting error is the decision to cast Antonio Banderas as Armand in a role designed to be played by an actor that can look like a cherubic 17 year old boy. Does that sound like Antonio Banderas? This second casting error completely throws off the dynamic between the characters.<br />Another big mistake was to sell the movie as a horror, then go on to remove the one portion of the story that best fits the genre. Before Louis and Claudia arrive in Paris, they first went to Eastern Europe in search of their vampiric origin. What they find is perhaps the only genuinely frightening part of the tale. They stumble across another vampire. At this point the only other vampire they have encountered since Lestat. This new vampire is the stuff of nightmares; a lumbering, blood crazed monster that is quick to attack Louis and Claudia and soon has them convinced that they will never find another of their own kind. These few scenes in eastern Europe would have been scary and also serve to give more emphasis on the slow collapse of Louis and Claudia's relationship.<br />Even a fan of the film, who hasn't read the book, can surely see how these casting changes and additional scenes would have made such an amazing diference to the movie. Remember when Anne Rice published that letter decrying the film... well her instincts were right. This is a classic example of a movie that failed to live up to it's own potential.
B000056K04|2.0|Ok first, I'm a HUGE DMB fan.  From the first notes of &quot;Remember Two Things&quot; I was hooked.  This is the most disappointing album of DMB's career.  My biggest question is &quot;Where's the Band?&quot; Unlike other albums,this disc focuses more on Dave's Voice than the band. I think there are maybe 3 tracks with sax on it. That's a sad state of affairs. Sure Dave hasn't had too many radio hits, but the label should have let the band continue their journey other than looking for &quot;Snappy, Upbeat&quot; Songs.  So Dave please release the album that RCA made you scrap and bring Steve Lillywhite back. Or at least get a producer such as Daniel Lanois that has a more proven track record. Sure Alanis' &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; is a great disc, but ever hear Paula Abdul's &quot;Forever Your Girl&quot; or The Wilson Phillips album? I rest my case.
B000021Y74|5.0|There are some movies which you need to see more than once to really know how much you liked it. Sometimes there is so much going on that seeing it for the second time ties it together for you. Some of the movies that come to mind are Magnolia, the usual suspects, etc. Run Lola Run is also one of those movies. I cant believe any one would give it a bad review or say it was boring. Its a great fast paced movie and the plot is not that far fetched to understand. The repetitive scenes are forgivable and needed at the risk of loosing the reality of the movie and with such a good soundtrack, its not painstaking to sit through a few seconds of repetition. Every person I have turned on to this movie loved it! I suggest you see it twice at least.
B000056K04|4.0|It's not hard to see why Dave Matthews can do little wrong in the eyes of all his fans.  He's released album after album, both live and studio, filled with wonderful songs that only explode on the live stage.  However, just as with any live band, their true essence never seems to be captured on any disk they do.   And DMB does try to solve that dilemma with their new effort.  Gone are the days of free form recording on this disk, where they would jam on their songs, with Dave playing folky rhythms on an acoustic, and Steve Lillywhite cutting down the songs to long, but ultimately memorable songs.  Instead, Dave plays electric, and Glen Ballard has the reins on this album, and the results are mixed.  While his tightly controlled producing greatly enhances songs such as &quot;I Did It&quot;, &quot;The Space Between&quot;, and &quot;Sleep to Dream Her&quot;, many songs seem to be cut short before they ever grow any appeal.  Songs like &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;When the World Ends&quot; seem to end just too soon, just before the band seems ready to bust out and raise the emotional level of the song. Experimental as it may be for the band, Everyday is both the wrong and right answer to DMB dilemma (just as Farmhouse was to Phish), and while a 4 star Pop/Rock cd when compared to the Matchbox 20 influeced world, it unfortunately is but a three star disk when compared to DMB's other works.  If your a fan, I suggest you pick it up, but not before any of the bands other works.
B000056N8X|5.0|The fourth installment of the Highlander saga does a wonderful job of continuing what the first film began.  Forget about numbers two and three, they strayed so far from the path that they should be films without the Highlander name attached to them.  I cannot stress enough how horrible the second and third Highlander films are; I can't believe that Christopher Lambert would attach his name and talent to them.  Highlander: Endgame joins Christopher Lambert with Adrian Paul, the Highlander from the films and the Highlander from the television series.  The film revolves around an immortal that is more powerful than most of the immortals that Connor or Duncan have ever faced - and leads the two Highlanders to a tough decision.  The fourth installment is a passing of the torch in a sense, moving from Connor to Duncan as the key player in the films.  Some favorites from the television series pop up as well - the Watcher Joe Dawson and Methos, the oldest immortal.  The DVD comes with two versions of the film as well as additional footage and a new ending.  You'll have to form your own opinion on the DVD ending of the film, but I thought that it was appropriate.  With the popularity of the Highlander franchise, I expect to see more Highlander films starring Adrian Paul.
B000056K04|5.0|To all of the millions and millions of DMB fans out there, I know that you might have been put off by the initial rumblings of &quot;I Did It&quot;, and if you downloaded the three song medly off their site, you caught odd snipits of Sleep to Dream Her and Dreams of Our Fathers.  Today when I put the CD into my player and gave the CD just one dance, it is truly a fantastic CD.  It's a new life for the band, and just the possiblity of Dave exploring all of the sounds available for electric guitar make the future all the better.  This is absolute first-rate album from any band, let alone one with such a distinguished history as DMB.  On particular song notes, Dreams of Our Fathers is by far the greatest song on the album, with loyal fans hearing a coda of &quot;Little One&quot; at the end of the tune, a remarkable acoustic number from the Dave &amp; Tim tour.  After just one day of setting this album on repeat and really taking it in, DMB fans should definitely buy this, and even those looking to get into DMB will appreciate the fact that this is better music that what is currently available in the market.  Buy a copy for you, buy one for your sister, buy one for your significant other...it's worth it.
0782008372|5.0|Here's the film that started the dynasty.  A great adventure story, it blends fantasy with science fiction in a masterful way.  Kind of a blend of sword and sorcery, Highlander is about immortals who battle one another until there is only one, and the final immortal will be granted &quot;the prize&quot; which turns out to be infinite knowledge.  A great cast rounds out this film, to include Christopher Lambert, Sean Connery, and Clancy Brown - definitely not one to be missed.  The second and third installments stray from the essence of Highlander, but fortunately the television series held true to the original vision.  The DVD contains some nice additions, such as additional scenes and a commentary track.  Don't miss this one kids.
6305127689|3.0|I really love this movie. I used to watch it when I was a kid. When i  bought it on DVD, I expected it to be really great - high quality picture, explosive sound - but it really wasn't all that better than the original. The picture is similar to a VH Scan and the dialog was horrible. For the first half of the movie, none of the dialog matches the actors' lips. It seems like this imperfection could have been ameliorated in the editing room fairly easily. The sound effects and musical score redeem the movie to some extent, but the mismatched dialog is dificult to ignore. Maybee I'm just nitpicking here, but when I buy a DVD over cassette format, I expect a higher quality movie. I didn't get that with this DVD. My suggestion is to buy the cassette version and maybee save a couple of bucks.
B000002IM7|5.0|I've just been reading some of the reviews for this album, and with the exception of one, I agree with all of them. This album is fantastic. The arrangements of the songs are too complicated to be commercial, but that's progressive rock for you, and King's X are a progressive rock band. The content of this album has King's X written all over it, and this is some of the best stuff I've ever heard.<br />(also, for you guitarists out there who've got this; did you also notice that the main riff for 'What Is This?' contains all of the chromatic power chords from D to G#?, pretty clever eh...)
B000056K04|3.0|Being primarily a jazz and blues fan, the Dave Matthews Band is one of the few rock bands I enjoy. To give you an idea of where I'm coming from, I also like Robyn Hitchcock and The The. I think the DMB is one of the most creative, original, and talented group of musicians out there. This new album, however, deviates too far from their jazzy and rythmic African roots. Tinsley and Moore are hardly featured at all and the rest of the band sounds just like any other rock and roll band out there, although quite a bit more talented. If you are a DMB fan, the album is worth checking out. If you are looking into the group for the first time, you should check out the earlier studio albums or, my personal favorites, the live albums.
0838577016|5.0|During early 99 I had de chance to use the text in English, but in 2.000 the university I'm working for the last 18 year, bought the text in Spanish, it was a real success for the pre-grade Psychology student, at Universidad Central de Chile.  The clear development of subjects, and the good writing (small ??) in some translation of ideas to spanish, but it worth the task of working with the text Congratulation mr. Kandell and co-auther
B00004SCX6|1.0|This album could be on the of the worst produced albums. Sure, it has a few catchy songs like Oops!... I Did It Again, Stronger and What You See(Is What You Get), but the other songs are downright rotten. The remake of I Can't Get No Satisfaction is less than nothing, Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know was written by Shania Twain and yes, it has good lyrics, but what ruins it is the beat and Britney's poor vocal talent. Dear Diary is a good example that. Personally, I think she should have slowed down a bit and try to make real music. As for all you fans of her singles Oops!... I Did It Again, Stronger, Lucky, and Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know, the songs WILL get annoying after about two times going through the whole album. I recommend Christina Aguilara or Jessica Simpson, the ones with the excellent produced records, real vocal talent, and the people who want to give their best and who don't care about money.
B000056K04|5.0|Think back, all of Dave's cd's are totally different.  Under the table and dreaming is one of there most up beat albums and you can tell they dont go to far out there with there violin/sax sounds so keep from scaring people off.  Crash is more of a love cd.  They let loose some new sounds but still keep it down to earth.  The next cd which many non hard core dave fans dislike &quot;before these crowded streets&quot; is the most out there cd yet.  It is a dark cd and they let it all loose.  It is very instrumental and in my mind AWESOME.  It was totally different from all his other cds.  It was like the first two cds were the steping stoned to before these crowded streets.  So once they got there what could they do?  They had to reinvent their sound to keep from getting stale.  and so they did.  It is as if they are back at &quot;under the table and dreaming&quot; but with the new electric sound.  This is there first real upbeat cd since under the table...What I like most about Dave is that he keeps changing.  You never know what to expect.  And &quot;Everyday&quot; is just a great album.  &quot;Angel&quot; is one of the best songs i have ever heard and &quot;Everyday&quot; is a song that reminds me of the warehouse or jimi thing.  Go out and buy this cd.  Listen to it.  If you dont like it the first time.  Listen to it again, but really listen to it.  Enjoy it.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This album could be on the of the worst produced albums. Sure, it has a few catchy songs like Oops!... I Did It Again, Stronger and What You See(Is What You Get), but the other songs are downright rotten. The remake of I Can't Get No Satisfaction is less than nothing, Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know was written by Shania Twain and yes, it has good lyrics, but what ruins it is the beat and Britney's poor vocal talent. Dear Diary is a good example that. Personally, I think she should have slowed down a bit and try to make real music. As for all you fans of her singles Oops!... I Did It Again, Stronger, Lucky, and Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know, the songs WILL get annoying after about two times going through the whole album. I recommend Christina Aguilara or Jessica Simpson, the ones with the excellent produced records, real vocal talent, and the people who want to give their best and who don't care about money.
0060263865|4.0|Fern Arable saves a runt pig from her father's ax.  She agrees to take care of the runt she named wilbur.  Just as the two were having the best times ever, wilbur was sold to uncle homer who has a farm.  Wilbur makes lots of friends on the farm but he missed being home with Fern.  Alhough the two were not together fern came to visit wilbur almost everyday.  On the farm wilbur meets a very special friend, a spider named Charlotte.  One day the farm animals heard that wilbur was going to be slaughtered.  Charlotte knew she had to do something for her friend.  Read this book and find out how wilbur is saved.  i liked this book, it is a good book for the whole family.  If you like touching books this is the book for you.  It shows determination and loyalty to your friends.
B000056K04|5.0|When I heard a while back about the release of DMB's new album, I wasn't sure they could top previously released albums. I mean, Dave Matthew's Band is probably the most talented band ever. But after listening to just the first three songs on the album, I was hooked. And the rest just gets better. There is not a dull moment on the entire cd. In four words, Even better then before.
B000056K04|2.0|Change is not bad. But change toward a sound we've heard before is boring. This album is uninspired and unoriginal. Riffs taken from Rush and Yes; vocals taken from Peter Gabriel; all solos cut down to size. This is the DMB's most &quot;pop&quot; to date. Gone are the days of long flourishing solos and mystical lyrics. This album proves that the DMB is no longer into the music as much as they are into the money and the hits. Although not entirely horrible, it's a severe disappointment. Be prepared for a &quot;Revenge of the Eighties&quot; feel. Tracks which stand out are &quot;Everyday,&quot; &quot;The Space Between,&quot; &quot;Angel,&quot; and &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers.&quot; Other than those, it's a dud.
B000003S0D|4.0|This album, even more so than &quot;Islands&quot;, shows Fripp in a more compositional mode rather than displaying his prowess as one of Rock's greatest guitarists. We only get to hear his signature electric wailing near the end on &quot; Prince Rupert's Lament&quot;. Contrary to a couple of other reviews here, yes this is King Crimson, but in a jazzy, experimental mode. Most of it works too. The early incarnations always had a jazz influence and it reached it's peak here and with &quot;Islands&quot;. It's a far superior effort over &quot;In The Wake Of Poseiden&quot;(Hmmm, did I spell that right?) which sounds mainly like out takes of the first album. It has a couple of real clunkers on it ( &quot;Happy Family&quot; and &quot;Lady Of The Dancing Water&quot;) but &quot;Cirkus&quot;, &quot;Indoor Games&quot; and the title suite are very strong pieces. Vocal guest Jon Anderson gives one of his best performances with &quot;Prince Rupert Awakes&quot;<br />King Crimson is like an unfinished work in progress. Always changing and always challenging. Hell, I even own &quot; In The Wake Of Poseiden&quot; just for &quot;Cat Food&quot;
B00004RHZU|5.0|I have grown to become a very devoted, admiring and the #1 Pink fan ever since I heard &quot;There You Go&quot; back in January 2000. Pink is a singer with so much talent, and she has so much potential for the future. Her voice is amazing... she hits soulful highs and gritty, hip-hop lows. Her album is versatile, very unique. There's everything from classic doo-wop soul in &quot;Let Me Let You Know&quot;, to contemporary R&amp;B/pop with &quot;Most Girls&quot; and &quot;There You Go&quot; and hip-hop/soul with &quot;Can't Take Me Home&quot; and &quot;Hiccup&quot;, the two fastest songs on here. I love all 13 songs. If you like dance, there's plenty. There are also a few ballads, all of them very soulful, beautiful and touching, especially &quot;Stop Falling.&quot; That song is just beautiful. Her voice is so good on it. That song and &quot;There You Go&quot; would be worth it alone. But you also get &quot;Hell Wit Ya&quot;, a really bold dance song with a crazy beat, &quot;Split Personality&quot;, a very unique but catchy song with a lot of different musical influences. And &quot;Hiccup&quot; has something that seems odd but Pink pulls it off perfectly - hiccuping in the chorus. Anyway I feel I've said enough. To purchase this amazing, practically perfect CD is your choice. But it comes highly recommended. Go Pink!!!
B000056K04|3.0|this cd, Everyday..which i was waiting for, for a long long time..about a year ago, came out today..i went to the store..bought it..hoping for the old stuff, other than the single, &quot;i did it&quot;, but i found out that there are no songs lasting more than 4:40, and that's not dave..my thought is that the new producer, glen ballard has a lot to do w/ this..they only did this album in 2 months, after dave had recorded a whole new alum w/ lillywhite..i think that he shouldve made two cd's, the old one and this one, to see which would sell more..if the lillywhite sold more, got more attention..then stay w/ him, but if the ballard did more..stay with his style.  my favorite song on this alubm is &quot;the space between&quot;, it's a nice song..but still, not the same old dave that we're used to.  im not saying that im not a dave fan anymore, but it's just that the change is not what i was hoping for..i want the old ways back..im still looking forward to seeing them live..if you're a big dmb fan, buy this album, but you'll probably be disappointed like me.
B000056K04|5.0|Yes DMB has done it again with yet another smash album, this one entitled Everyday.  As an owner of EVERY DMB cd available, I appreciate the variety of this CD most.  From the great guitar riffs of I Did It, to the slow paced Sleep To Dream Her, the quality of DMB's music hasn't changed at all.  If you read the article about Dave Matthews in Rolling Stone (in stores now) you will find that this CD has &quot;his best lyrics yet&quot;.
B000056K04|3.0|I became a DMB fan a couple of years ago after hearing the BTCS single \\"Don't Drink the Water\\". Since then, I've bought all the albums and have listened to them through hundreds of times. In fact, it's really the only band that I listen to at all. I enjoy their folk-rock-jazzy kinda feel and the fact that there isn't another band out there that sounds like them...until recently. The band's new album \\"Everyday\\" has brought mixed emotions to a lot of fans. By itself it's an awesome album filled with awesome electric guitar riffs and upbeat, positive lyrics. However, when compared to the band's other albums, I'm afraid it doesn't stack up.<br />First of all, you will notice that words and music are written by both Dave Matthews and Glen Ballard (Alanis Morisette's producer). It's quite obvious the influence Ballard has had on the band's songs. Most of the songs contain the typical verse-chorus-verse-chorus-bridge-chorus style that many bands adopt to, keeping the songs between 3 and 5 minutes long. This is sad considering the somewhat through-composed style and improvised sessions that are completely missing. The absence of lead parts in the accoustic guitar, violin, and saxophone in most of the songs have left the band with an electric/bass/drum sounding trio, again, like many bands have adopted. No longer does the DMB have a sound of its own.<br />Fortunately, there are songs such as \\"Space Between\\" (one of the few times the violin has a major role, even if its just pizzicato) and \\"Everyday\\" (the song reminds me of \\"Stay\\" for some reason) that reminisce to Dave's old style.  Many of the other songs sound a lot like \\"Rhyme and Reason\\" and \\"Drive in Drive out\\" in their electric, upbeat approach.<br />Overall, the album isn't bad.  I miss the accoustic guitar, improvisations, and the unique styles in song layout. To diehard DMB fans, be prepared for a new sound. To new DMB fans, I encourage you to buy Live at Luther College, Under the Table, and Live at Red Rocks first.
B00000255F|5.0|There's a reason Born to Run is ranked as one of the top rock albums of all time. Over 25 years old, it is a classic in every sense of the word. The first in Springsteen's &quot;trilogy&quot; (along with Darkness on the Edge of Town and The River)it perfectly captures the frustration, grit and hope of The Boss' music.<br />While &quot;Born to Run&quot; and &quot;Thunder Road&quot; are the tracks most often played, this disk also contains other terrific songs. &quot;Jungleland&quot; is a poetic and musical tour de force, demonstrating both Springsteens power and depth. And &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; offers a sound unlike virtually any other song Springsteen has offered, yet it is deeply rooted in his unmatched story telling skills.<br />Newsweek recently ran an article about how today's pre-teens are discovering the Beatles. Which means in about six year, they'll be discovering this album. You can jump start the trend: give this CD to a teenager near you.
0446310786|5.0|Superbly written with a fine balance between the serious social issues and the light hearted view of our host.  &quot;To Kill a Mocking Bird&quot; is set in Alabama in the 1930's and is told through the eyes of &quot;Scout&quot; the young daughter of Atticus the single parent town lawyer.<br />The central tale of the book is that of Tom a negro falsely accused of raping a white girl, who despite his innocence is found guilty by his bigoted peers.  The secondary stories concern the struggles of Atticus to cope as a lone parent role model, the difficulty of being a child learning about concience and empathy as they grow up and the mysterious disappearance of Boo Radley.<br />The book builds slowly as it paints a vivid picture of the times, the characters and prevalant attitudes.  Once the scene was set this book built such a head of steam I was unable to put it down.  I read this book in one session, something I have never done before
B000056K04|4.0|For those accustomed to Dave Matthews percussive guitar playing and long violin/sax solos, you will be surprised at the album &quot;Everyday&quot;. This album takes a very different approach, and the songs seem more like they come from a standard 3 piece band(guitar, bass, drums)rather than the old style DMB quintet. While I was confused by the style change, I was pleasantly suprised by the results. The album has several well constructed songs, utilizing both &quot;Police&quot; style guitar licks and vocals. The only track I did not like was the single &quot;I did it&quot;, a twangy, cliched song that doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the album. It is certainly a drastic style change, but different in this case is not bad at all.
B000022TT4|4.0|Just received this DVD (from...-they had the best price) and it's great but I am a little upset that I was misled by the notion of &quot;11 bonus songs&quot;.  Where are they?  Where is Sympathy for the Devil, Gloria or Ruby Tuesday????  Are they referring to the couple of lines they sing at the end of &quot;Bad&quot;?
B000056K04|4.0|For those accustomed to Dave Matthews percussive guitar playing and long violin/sax solos, you will be surprised at the album &quot;Everyday&quot;.  This album takes a very different approach, and the songs seem more like they come from a standard 3 piece band(guitar, bass, drums)rather than the old style DMB quintet.  While I was confused by the style change, I was pleasantly suprised by the results.  The album has several well constructed songs, utilizing both &quot;Police&quot; style guitar licks and vocals.  The only track I did not like was the single &quot;I did it&quot;, a twangy, cliched song that doesn't seem to fit with the rest of the album. It is certainly a drastic style change, but different in this case is not bad at all.
B000056K04|4.0|I went out and got the album the day it was released and the first time I listened to it, I was worried I wouldn't like it. Then I listened to it again and loved it. The CD offers many ballods with more electric in them as well as the band's usual songs that make you happy. I Did It is the best on the album. Everyday, So Right, Dreams of Our Fathers, and The Space Between are some other good songs. I like all of DMB's songs including these. Leroi Moore is as usual a genius on the sax. Tinsley is also as usual great on the violin and the best I've heard. I also tink that Carter is the best drummer I've heard. However the album doesn't meet up to the other ones which are all fives. It still is great with new sounds and abrupt endings produced by Glen Ballard. This is a must have for any DMB fan.
B000001GQY|5.0|These are my favorite recordings of Brahms' two piano concerti.  I think they are an excellent blend and balance of orchestra and piano.  I really am \\"wowed\\" in particular by both the second movement of the second concerto and the third movement of the first concerto.  The piano playing is very evocative, full of passion yet not at all hurried.  Also the capriccios and intermezzi of Opus 116 make for a pleasing introspective interlude after the big, dramatic full sounds of the concerti.  Gilels' playing is evenly paced, not muddied and doesn't lack anything in artistic interpretation.  I've personally found that listening to any of Brahms' music, though sometimes difficult to initially grasp, retains interest and vitality and this CD has become one of my most valued.
B000056K04|5.0|When I first heard &quot;I Did It&quot;, I had mixed feelings. I heard a great deal of his new songs from the recent tour. To everyones surprise none of the songs were on the album. After hearing &quot;I Did It&quot; a few more times it grew on me. I listened to the album over and over again right when I got it. I like the album and I feel I will grow to like this album even more, as any DMB fan would.
079284632X|1.0|I watched this movie in anticipation of seeing a disturbing, realistic horror movie.But when I finished the movie, I tried to figure out why everyone likes it.  Mindless dialogue, bland characters, and minimal violence are some of the obvious flaws.      This movie is way overhyped and turns out to be hilarious. My personal favorite scene is where a poor girl is being hacked to pieces (out of frame of course) and one of the killers says &quot;Man I can dig it&quot; Dont waste your time
1878424319|5.0|As I read this book, I could imagine Mr. Ruiz speaking the words to me in a gentle, thoughtful, fatherly voice. The four agreements listed in the book seem to be simple steps all of us can follow to improve our lives. Even if you just think about not taking things personally, for example, you will have brighter days. This is a quick, easy read.
1881273156|5.0|Dr. Chapman has cristalised his theory of the 5 love languages in a simple and easy-to-understand way.  I started wondering why my husband didn't seem impressed with the fact that I am buying him ties and shirts.  He wondered why I always wanted him to take the rubbish out.  We read the book together and it solved our mysteries.  My love language are words of affirmation, acts of service and receiving gifts and his are acts of service and physical touch.  I had realised that he would be very upset if I didn't iron his shirts anymore or prepare him his breakfast bag to the office so he would get his bite in the morning.  These meant more to him as acts of love than buying him things.  And since then, we have always spoken in our 'love-tank' language: We ask each other 'How does your love tank look like today?'  He surprised me with flowers when I got my job interview now that I am looking for employment.  He would tell me more often now how much he appreciates a good meal cooked by me or the fact that I dress well for him.  Sometimes it takes a big effort to do things you don't like to do but if it is the love language of your mate, you would love him or her enough to want to fill up that love tank.  At times even if I don't feel like being intimate with my husband, I take the time to prepare myself and pamper him because I know this is his love language.  We have since recommended the book to my sister-in-law.  I am ordering a copy as a gift for her.  I recommend this book to all couples, even if your relationship is doing very well, because it helps you to understand why your relationsip is doing so well!
158234082X|4.0|Bourdain's book is a fast talking, no-nonsense book about life behind the counter at your favorite restaurant. It is not, as sometimes marketed, a &quot;revelation&quot; of atrocities committed in the kitchen. This is not 60 Minutes. Instead, Bourdain paints a vivid picture of the frantic, at times happy-go-lucky lifestyle of the professional chef in autobigraphic style. Through the example of his own life he shows the journey of cooks who achieve success, from the entry level greasy-spoon joints on up the line to 5 star bistros. His hard-hitting irreverent style is entertaining and amusing. This is a great read, whether you're interested in the cooking profession or not.
B0000065M3|4.0|When I was younger anytime my parents or other adults talked about Elvis movies, what came to mind were lame movies with very little plot, structured in a way so Elvis could sing some &quot;new&quot; tunes. My &quot;mama always used to say that&quot; Elvis was a better actor than most people believed, but from watching films like BLUE HAWAII, I thought she was just couldn't face the truth that Elvis couldn't act his way out of a paper bag.  After seeing CHANGE OF HABIT (and learning more about how Colonel Parker ran the King's life) I realized my Mom was right, Elvis was a decent actor. It's just that he was never allowed many opportunities to display his talent and grow as an actor.  This is unfortunate.<br />CHANGE OF HABIT is a good movie. It has an interesting plot, most of the characters aren't just paper mache blowing in the wind, and the movie deals with social issues that are still relevant even today.  Many people suggest that Mary Tyler Moore is miscast in this film, but I found her believable in her role as a nun. Also, the supporting cast does a good job given their limited screen time.<br />As is the case in all Elvis' movies, there are tunes. However, unlike the other Elvis' films I have seen, the movie isn't structured around the songs. The songs that you actually see Elvis singing appear more natural than staged and a couple of them are really memorable, e.g. &quot;In the Ghetto&quot;.<br />I haven't seen very many Elvis' films, but out of the ones I have viewed, this is the best.  I wish Elvis would have been allowed to make more films like this. He could have ended up being remembered as much for his acting as his singing and that would have really been a change of habit.
B000056K04|2.0|I believe we can all agree that the band took a step in a DIFFERENT direction with this album.  If life and history have taught us anything, different doesn't automatically equal good.  You are going to either like this CD or hate it.  I think the DMB has given us some excellent stuff over the years and Crash is one of my all time favorite disc's out there (just so you think that I had a predetermination to rate Everyday poorly...) I really don't like this album and I find fault with it in too numerous places to list.  While a good friend of mine is a hardcore DMB fan, they claim they are &quot;warming up to it, but haven't shed the chills yet.&quot;  While yet another who &quot;liked satelite and crash when it came on the radio&quot; LOVES this album beginning to end.  Go figure.  At this point in DMB's career, they could have put out any old crap album they wanted to and people (like me) would still buy it.... Anyway, they got my money and respect but until I start to hear how these songs unfold in a live situation, I don't think it will be spending much time in my stereo.
6305014140|5.0|Many movies deal with the immoral world we are living in, and the importance of values such as love, loyalty and friendship in such a world. Ninja Scroll is one of those films. However, despite the fact it is but one of a long line of films, it is extremely unique.<br />For a start, numerous scenes of blood and gore, and other scenes of extreme sexual nature, serve to differentiate this film from the films we usually watch. Then there are the awe inspiring animation that totally annihilates Disney, and the DVD's technical prowess that helps with a fine picture quality and aggressive 5.1 sound.<br />But overall what distinguishes this film more than others is the fact it is totally different than western films. The cultural difference is expressed in the plot, in character development, and in the general way the film progresses.<br />The bottom line is that Ninja Scroll is a uniquely interesting action film, the kind you never saw before.
B000056K04|5.0|Sticky? I can't put it down. Don't like &quot;I Did it?&quot; Relax, that's as low as this album gets. Even that song grows on you like an itch you like to scratch. I'm an original fan of the DMB, who I heard for the first time in 1993 through tapes that friends got from friends in college at the time. Since then I've bought every album and seen them live (their natural habitat) as much as possible (more times than fingers), and the new album is different. Some have said Everyday's not DMB and it's pop rock or something else... but a good listen reveals that it's still the same ole DMB... in a shiny, polished package. Good thing? Sure. Every song is under 5 minutes, a first for the band. True fans cringe at the statement (I did), but that's OK. We'll go see the jams live, because that's where they flurish, not in the studio. This means the album is more approachable for the casual fan, who may not appreciate the 14 minute jam. Cool for them... there's certainly a lack of quality music in the channel for them to buy right now. Dave&amp;Co. fill this hole. A more rock-like style to draw new clientel, who may have passed on the DMB. Some complain that the album isn't so happy and trippy, and that's fine by me. I love Tripping Billies or #41 as much as anyone, but this new sound is tight and mature. There's not a skippable track on the CD. I had to convert mine into mp3s so I wouldn't wear out the CD, I've listened it through probably 10 times since I got it 24 hours ago. This is an investment worth making. Hopefully this will bring some recognition from the Grammy's next year, because thus far, this is the Album of the Year.
B0000524E5|5.0|The story is entertaining, the girls are gorgeous, Adam Garcia (Kevin O'Donnell)is incredibly good looking and the music &quot;Can't fight the moonlight&quot; from LeAnn Rimes is my favarous music of this year. f you have not seen it yet, go and see it or buy or rent this movie as soon as you can, of course if you like young, entertaining, fun movies.  The story is about this girl who moves to a big city, to try her chances to sell the music she creates, but life is not that easy after a while she has to work to gain some money and she founds herself serving drinks as a coyote in a bar... the rest is for you to watch. Enjoy it, I know you'll love it...
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I have been a fan for about a year now.  Since them, I have purchased all but the Blaze albums (which I do plan on getting).  Although my personal favorites are still &quot;Piece of Mind&quot;, &quot;Powerslave&quot; and &quot;Seventh Son&quot;, I was blown away by &quot;Brave New World&quot; (which I now put in the previous category).  This album combines all the power and intensity of the early releases, and fuses to it a new sense of urgency and enthusiasm.  The first thing that I enjoyed about this album was Bruce's voice, which seems to have gone through some kind of rebirth since &quot;Fear Of The Dark&quot;.  The second was the complexity of the music, which has regained the style reminicent to Maiden's great epics like &quot;Phantom of The Opera&quot;, &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name&quot;, &quot;Rime Of The Ancient Mariner&quot; and &quot;Seventh Son&quot;.  Also, I liked it more and more with continued listenings, which I find true with most of my favorite albums.  My favorites songs at this time are &quot;Ghost of The Navigator&quot;, &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot;, &quot;Fallen Angel&quot;, and &quot;The Thin Line Between Love &amp; Hate&quot;.  As a whole, the album is terrific.  I would recommend this one to new listeners and old fans alike.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Speed metal has always been a taste Ive long held, never much into Industrial or ahem &quot;goth&quot; (this isnt goth btw). I figured Id give the guy a shot, since someone who stirs up such a storm might be worth it. After getting his Live cd, I was very impressed. My next addition to my collection was this album. Perhaps since Id been exposed to both sides of Manson I wasnt so taken aback by the styles herein. Nonetheless, I feel its much more of a classic than Antichrist Superstar ( a great cd all the same).<br />On this cd, Marilyn Manson delivers everything in such a realistic and depressing way. It doesnt have the outflowing of anger on ACS, yet anger is there. He seems more human here, as the lyrics reflect less anti-Christ stuff, such as User Friendly, about relationships where you get used, something I identified with very much. I can relate to many a song on here, including Great Big White World, Disassociative, Speed of Pain and Fundamentally Loathsome. The music is very tightly played, and sounds more so a band product than machine-made. It is fantastic! <br />I do not know why so many fans abandoned this guy here, as he shines his brightest within this cd. Give it a shot and let yourself feel what he is saying. You wont regret it.
B000056K04|5.0|As a die-hard DMB worshipper, I am predisposed to loving every thing they release. You have to understand, I went out and bought this album only having heard one of the songs (the already infamous &quot;I Did It&quot;) which I -didn't- like. How's that for blind faith? However, I was not disappointed, and I do not think any avid Dave fans will be. Yes, this album is &quot;a departure.&quot; I believe something has been altered by the new producer, Glen Ballard, and admittedly the CD has much more of a commercial feel than the Dave we've always loved. This is a crying shame. However, just as it took some of us a while to grow used to the heavier sounds of Before These Crowded Streets, I feel that Everyday, too, will be accepted as the most talented band in the world feeling free, again, to try something new.
B00003CWRX|5.0|After his last great movie Heat, Michael has made another fantastic film.  The Insider does take some liberties with the facts, but that doesn't matter one bit.  When two heavy-hitters like Russell Crowe and Al Pacino get to square off, that alone makes it worth-watching.  Michael has composed a riveting suspense film, which made me forget my life for 2 hours, and I didn't look at my watch once, the true litmus test for how good a movie is.  The story is tightly written, with no dull spots, and excellent character development.  The acting is completely flawless.  Russell Crowe is positively phenomenal, he gets all the mannerisms of his character down, and I actually cared about what happened to him.  Al Pacino just gives another in a long line of great performances, as the 60 minutes producer.  I have always loved Mann because he is a stylistic magnificent director, as showcased here.  I especially liked the driving range scene, great stuff.  Combined with Dante Spinotti's camerawork, which is also incredible, the picture is technically excellent.  The conclusion of the review will go like this, there is no reason not to see it, it has big stars, a great director, and is entertaining.  Not much more needs to be said.
B00004Y6NX|3.0|I can probably be described as a big time Straits fan (own all Dire Straits, as well as Knopfler's solo recordings,) but I have to admit:  this is the worst album of an otherwise excellent band.  The first two songs, &quot;Tunnel of Love&quot; and &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;, are great - no doubt about that, but both of them are available on the superb live album &quot;Alchemy&quot;, as well as on the &quot;Sultans of Swing&quot; best-of compilation.  Unless you are a really hard-core fan who absolutely must have everything Straits ever recorded, I would strongly recommend skipping &quot;Making Movies&quot; and buying one (or - better yet - both!) of those two albums instead.  The rest of the songs on this album are little more than filler - weak lyrics, total lack of emotion, etc.
B00001YXH6|5.0|My personal history of experiences with Cirque du Soleil is erratic - my first exposure to them being a trip to &quot;Saltimbanco&quot; in London's Royal Albert Hall, a performance so unexpectedly magical and so unlike any other event I have attended that I subsequently went a further five times, taking everybody I could persuade to come with me.<br />Video purchases of this, and &quot;Nouvelle Experience&quot; followed, which was equally delightful.<br />This was followed by &quot;Alegria&quot;, which, I have to say, bitterly disappointed me.  I found it lacked the sheer exuberance of &quot;Saltimbanco&quot;, and whereas most Cirque productions seem to have a clear theme, I found &quot;Alegria&quot; an obtuse and disparate confusion of inferior acts to those of &quot;Saltimbanco&quot;, chained together with clowning routines taken verbatim (with no warning nor apology) from Russian clown Slava's previous &quot;Snowshow&quot; production.<br />&quot;Quidam&quot;, however, is not only as much a return to form, more a totally productive reinvention and enhancement of it, resulting in an equally magical, but also a superior, more mature, elegant offering, with a powerful theme, profound symbology, incredible acrobatic performances, layer upon layer of belief-shattering visuals, and outstanding musical moments.  This is Cirque du Soleil's tour-de-force and finest moment to date, and elevates &quot;Circus&quot; to the league of fine art.<br />Witness the &quot;simple&quot; routine whereby a hula-hoop is jettisoned so that it orbits a clown in a slowly decreasing spiral, to finally roll straight into his hand, that had been accurately positioned to accept it from the start, and you will begin to understand the level of utter control and perfection that exudes from this production at every opportunity.<br />Towards the end of this video I was struck with the thought &quot;if ever the human race were put on trial by extraterrestrials for their atrocities, this should be exhibit A in their defence&quot;.  This video will make you gasp in awe, laugh, cry, dream, and spend some time afterwards pondering the nature of the human condition.<br />Simply, a masterpiece.
6305807086|2.0|May be creative but I like to think the average veiwer has a little more taste and education than the target of this film. MY recomendation? Don't bother Check out all the used ones for sale... wonder why...
B00003CXE7|1.0|I am astounded by the rave reviews I read of this film.  I am flabbergasted that it has been nominated for the Best Picture Oscar.  My only explanation is that people who like this movie have never seen one before - yes I mean have never seen any other moving picture or television.  Cliche after cliche - horrible acting - every scene stolen from another film or 19th century painting - every storyline stolen from every salacious thing you ever read about Roman History.  A travesty.  I can not say enough bad things about this movie.
B00003CX8J|2.0|While adult fans who rememebr the comic book will like the updated trip down memory lane, Most adults will find it a little inane. My 10 year old thought is was soso and I would not let my 8 year old watch it. Some cool effects but really disapointing overall. I think it played a little better on the big screen but not much.
B00003CXFV|4.0|When Erin Brockovich originally came out, I was suspicious.  It seemed like a calculated move by Julia Roberts, Inc., to buy into the character market, the Norma Rae/Silkwood real estate. I thought it would be a star turn.  Roberts and the film are much better than that.  The filmmakers made some excellent choices in rendering the true story of a California legal office clerk who uncovers a ulitity's cover-up of an environmental disaster that has caused widespread health problems in a small town.  They have opted for realism, and have chosen to emphasize the entertaining ironies in Brockovich's character.  Roberts wears the role well and has let go of some trademark mannerisms.  Albert Finney, playing the lawyer for whom Brockovich works, is remarkable and deserves more attention than he's gotten.  The director wisely abandons the hand-held camera early enough, before it becomes annoying. The film slyly comments on legal culture when it puts Finney and Roberts' roll-up-the-sleeves characters in a room with the stiffly attired and mannered upscale corporate lawyers.  I suppose some people should be warned that the dialogue makes frequent use of those words that can't be broadcast on network television; but people I know who are usually offended by such liked this film because it has a humor and charm that pick it up off the ground.
B00004YA66|3.0|An interesting twist to time travel. I recommend it as a rent not a purchase.
B000002AZ8|5.0|Many people who have heard recent Pearl Jam releases (and haven't kept up with the band) can hardly tell if it's even them or not. Eddie's voice has changed and the bands' overall sound has evolved far beyond the days of 'Ten'. <br />Being a long-time Pearl Jamfan , I look at Vitology as being the real turning point when Pearl Jam really came into their own. Don't get me wrong, I really love this albums predecessors, Ten and Vs., but if you give Vitology a few good listens, it becomes apparent that there is much more to Pearl Jam than Stone Gossard's (excellent) guitar riffs (that laid the framework for Ten). We learn that there are other members of the band willing (and able) to contribute material. Vedder's musical contributions began on this album and it seems that from then on the overall dynamic of the band was changed forever. Vedder wasn't the only one writing music now though. Jeff Ament's 'Nothingman' was arguably the albums' strongest single and a strong track even amidst other brilliant songs like the passionate 'Corduroy' ..., 'Not For You'. All in all, this is one of the better rock albums recorded and deserves more attention than it gets. If you wonder what happened to Pearl Jam, listen to Vitology...
B00003CXHJ|5.0|This film will test your surround sounds low end. My 1000 watt infinity Sub got a major workout. Acting is above average as well as the visuals. The making of U-571 is a real bonus. My suggestion? Put this on in your library!
6304539258|5.0|It's a real shame that all these editions of the STAR WARS trilogy are out of stock right now...hopefully they will be rereleased soon! STAR WARS is one of the greatest films I ever seen in my entire life. The film is so full of action that you cannot do anything but sit there and watch it in awe. The acting is incredible and perfectly flawless; it's no wonder this movie ever became so popular! The special effects are spectacular (even though the film was made in the '70s when there really wasn't a lot of new technology for special effects for movies). George Lucas wrote a fantastic screenplay for the perfect movie and the music by John Williams is a total masterpiece, too. If you love science-fiction films, films that take place in the greatest wonder of the world: Outer Space, or films packed with action and adventure and surpurb acting, then the STAR WARS trilogy is for you!!
B000006045|5.0|I'm lying in bed last night, unable to sleep because the room perpendicular to mine still has their lights on. The light comes through the slats of the blinds and hit the side of the wall. The window's open and a cool breeze is coming through. It's 2 AM. I'm trying to fall asleep to the sounds of Handsome Boy Modeling School, a strange hiphop group, but as cool as it is it ain't hitting the spot. I remember the song &quot;Teardrop.&quot; I haven't heard it in a while, and now's as good a time as any. I reach over to my CD wall and pull &quot;Mezzanine&quot; down. I bought the CD a few years ago, but haven't given it many spins since, save &quot;Teardrop&quot; (AMAZING video there, by the way). I stick it into my player and press play. <br />HOLY COW. I CAN'T BELIEVE I HAVEN'T BEEN LISTENING TO THE OTHER SONGS ON THIS DISC!!<br />My mind meanders through &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Rising Son.&quot; I'm half incredulous that this absolutely amazing music has been under my nose for YEARS now, and half in a surreal-lyric, guitars-synth-and-beats induced trance that only Massive Attack could produce. &quot;Teardrop&quot; arrives as expected, and the previous songs have heightened my appreciation for the melodic sparseness of Elizabeth Fraser's voice. &quot;Dissolved Girl&quot; is unquestioningly the highlight, and is followed by the truly weird &quot;Man Next Door.&quot; <br />The whole feeling of the album is just plain - COOL. <br />Perfect late night album, hands down. Massive Attack is the band in the Top 40 in 2051.
B00004XOWM|5.0|In my opinion Fred Durst and Limp Bizkit have went straight to the top anialating the rest of the competition.  In 1998 I bought their first album Counterfeit and new right away that this band was going to be big.  When the album Significant other was released I wasn't sure if I liked it at first, but the more I listened to it the more I enjoyed it.  Even though the styles of music between the first two albums where a lot different they where equally good albums.  When Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water was released I new I had to get it.  Upon purchasing the newest cd from this great band I immediately put it in my cars cd player.  From the time it took me to get from the store to my house (about a half an hour) I wasn't sure what I thought of their latest masterpiece.  Though the style of Starfish was similar to the style of Significant Other it was still a little different and took some getting used to.  A lot of people say that Fred Durst and Limp Bizkit are sell outs because they have changed the way their music sounds.  I disagree with this theory, I believe a band must be diverse to keep producing good music that a lot of people are going to like.  After all who wants to be in a band that no one listens to.  As far as Starfish goes I think that the song Life in the Fast Lane could be the next anthem for generation x.  The song Hot Dog is also another very good peice of music on this album.  Fred does seem to be making fun of NIN, which is a band I also like, but I beleive it ads a little humor to the album and you can never go wrong with that.  This album seems to be the most perfect medely of rap, rock, electronica I have ever heard.  Whith songs like Get Your Groove On and Rollin airial assault style you have almost a full on rap experience.  Hot Dog brings you a metal twist with maybe a hint of rap, and so do others such as Rollin suburban assault style.  With other songs in between like Life in the Fast Lane simply displaying a powerful rockand roll presence.  This is a completely well rounded album full of quality music and I don't think that any band could have done it better.  Simply showing that Limp Bizkit has made it to the top and I am sure they will keep rising.  I give Chocolate Starfish and The Hot Dog Flavored Water two thumbs up, hell I'd give it three if I had three thumbs.  The purchase of this album is money well spent and I am sure that anyone who purchases it will agree with me, so anyone who doesn't own it check it out!
B000001Y5J|5.0|With only 8 tracks, 2 being hidden tracks, Broken has more anger and rage packed into the shortest amount of time than any other NIN album, hands down, and has probably the darkest and most controversial storyline behind it to boot.  It has become a staple at live shows to get the crowd going, and was the angry album of choice for guys like me during middle school and high school.<br />Broken starts off quietly enough, with the instrumental track Pinion, a simple guitar riff that picks up pace and intensity as the track goes on.  It flows smoothly, albeit loudly, into Wish, the only song to make it to MTV.  This is a LOUD, INTENSE song that moves with as much intensity as The March of the Pigs.  The EP slows down again for Last and another instrumental, Help Me I Am In Hell.  We're then thrown back into the mosh pit for Happiness In Slavery, the song that got Trent all sorts of recognition.  Gave Up and Physical (a scathing Adam Ant cover) follow, Physical being hidden, and is closed by Suck (one of my favorites).<br />Broken is a HUGE departure from Pretty Hate Machine, with more guitars and less electronics.  For those of you who have somehow managed to hear Pretty Hate Machine, and not Broken, beware:  there really is no other way to describe this album than ANGRY.  The lyrics are full of bondage and slavery images, and it also starts to hint at the self destruction that will be evident in The Downward Spiral.<br />My only problem with this CD is that it's too short.  Surprisingly, I LOVE the instrumental tracks on this, especially Help Me I Am In Hell, and wish they had been extended.  Other than that, though, this is by far the best EP that NIN ever put out, you really do get your money's worth.<br />For NIN trivia buffs, Broken was HEAVILY promoted, with THREE radio singles coming off the album (although no official singles were produced; instead, we got the follow-up Fixed EP).  Considering that two of the eight tracks are instrumentals, that only leaves 6 ofthe remaining 8 tracks to have been picked for radio play, and those were Wish, Happiness in Slavery, and Physical.  Videos were made for all of the songs except for Suck and Last, although Wish was the only video to make it to MTV, because the other videos were too graphic without heavy editing.  For some odd reason, other than Last being filmed with Marilyn Manson for the Closure video, Last has NEVER been performed live.
6300208699|5.0|The first time I saw the hunting scene in which Ringo Starr opens up on game birds with a tommy gun, followed by a Peter Sellers-thrown hand grenade, British Army anti-aircraft artillery barrage, and a final flame-thrower toasting, I just about wet myself laughing.  It is one of the most unpredictable, insane, fully-developed lambasting of British pomposity I've ever encountered, on film or in print.  And this bit takes place early on in this wonderful movie.<br /><br />The film is a series of excellently written and staged sketches, connected by Terry Southern's original concept of an aging billioinaire, bored with the world and his corporate life who turns his wealth and energies to proving that all things are corruptible.  The individuals and groups then corrupted, and the settings for their betrayals are hilarious, including a strip-tease to Hamlet's \\"To be or not to be\\" at Stratford-on-Avon, a jaguar disguised as a dog at Cruft's dog show, two heavyweight boxers opting to neck in the ring rather than beat each other senseless, a sham of a Sotheby's rare art auction, and a riverine melee at the annual Cambridge v. Oxford rowing race.<br /><br />Concealed in the comedy are some serious observations on the nature of modern society, growing more pronounced and direct as the movie continues.  By the end, the shots at class systems, sexual repression, greed, religion, vanity and pretension, government, and the Vietnam War are plainly obvioius, and brutal.<br /><br />This mix of serious satire and slapstick comedy come almost naturally from the cast.  International comedy legend Peter Sellers is the lead, but he is not given the freedom to truly cut loose as Kubrick gave in [[ASIN:B0002XNSY0 Dr. Strangelove]].  The Sellers characterizations are stock and well-known, but the situations and venues succeed in making the combination very funny.  A very seriously hippie Ringo Starr is the prime supporting actor, bringing along the [[ASIN:B00000JRUQ Yellow Submarine]], [[ASIN:B000VSBX34 Help!]], and [[ASIN:B0000542D2 A Hard Day's Night]], as well as a deep understanding of the 60s psychedelic drug culture.  Added to that are the then-emerging unpredictable surrealistic comedy of [[ASIN:B0009XRZ92 Monty Python's]] John Cleese and Graham Chapman.  This all comes together in the chaotic train-disco scene.<br /><br />Keep a sharp eye out for a number of wonderful, unexpected and well-disguised A-list cameos, including Richard Attenborough, Raquel Welch, Yul Brynner, Keith Moon, John Cleese and Graham Chapman, Spike Mulligan, and Christopher Lee.<br /><br />This film is a hoot, no doubt, but it's also some very intense black comedy, exceedingly well done.nd [[ASIN:B0000542D2 A Hard Day's Night]], as well as a deep understanding of the 60s psychedelic drug culture.  Added to that are the then-emerging unpredictable surrealistic comedy of [[ASIN:B0009XRZ92 Monty Python's]] John Cleese and Graham Chapman.  This all comes together in the chaotic train-disco scene.    Keep a sharp eye out for a number of wonderful, unexpected and well-disguised A-list cameos, including Richard Attenborough, Raquel Welch, Yul Brynner, Keith Moon, John Cleese and Graham Chapman, Spike Mulligan, and Christopher Lee.    This film is a hoot, no doubt, but it's also some very intense black comedy, exceedingly well done.
B000056K04|4.0|I am not the biggest DMD fan out there.  I do enjoy their albums and have been to some of their concerts.  I mainly go to the concerts just because friends are going, and use their other albums as just cds to play when friends come over to chill or hang-out.  This cd is much different, I decided to pick it up, today with the feeling it was going to be different.  All DMB albums so far have sounded very close in style of music and it is hard to tell the difference, between a song on Crash or one on Before These Crowded Streets.  With this album, Everyday, you can tell that the songs do not belong on other Dave albums.  This is a completely new style for Dave.  It seems almost the whole album is more uptempo, a little more Rock N Roll and less mellow then the previous albums.  The songs are more exciting and make you want to dance more, then compared to previous albums where you just want to sit and listen.  I would have given this album 5 stars, but I thought that they could have done a little more with the lyrical content.  I love the new style, but I think it is time for DMB to make more thought-provoking songs and something that DMB fans can think to instead of just drink to.<br />A-
6304071906|2.0|The actors were often great.  The story line COULD have been compelling.  The cinetography was lovely although at times too dark (literally!).  But I kept on thinking &quot;OK, *this* scene made its point 5 minutes ago, and it is WAY TOO LOUD to boot.&quot;  I kept having to ask my husband to turn down the sound, because it became so irritating.  I wanted to get into the story and the characters (and I'm quite OK with ambivalent, 'real' people who are good and bad and endearing and annoying all in one film) but I found that the neverending scenes drained my interest and drove me into the kitchen to do dishes.  Could not the director have edited just a tiny bit and still preserved the complexity?!  As for huge noisy crowd scenes - a little goes a LONG way.<br />We both liked Jeff Bridges the best.
B000058983|5.0|For those who already know this album, I needn't say how important it is.  Rhino has done a great re-mastering job.  The sound is much better than the previous single CD issue, but comparable to the Love Story box set --also recommended.  The bonus tracks make this an essential purchase anyway.  For those who have never heard this album, think of combining &quot;Classical Gas&quot; with Jimi Hendrix.  That's over-simplification, because awesome acoustic guitar, beautiful orchestrations, psychedelically cryptic lyrics, uniformly strong melodies, and some screaming electric guitar work make this an easy contender for best album of all time.  Although totally unique, it has the same revelatory nature as 1960's icons like Pet Sounds and Sgt. Pepper, and the acoustic overtones make Forever Changes forever timeless.
B000001GRZ|2.0|There is indeed something wrong with the Gigue of the Sixth Suite, as with every other movement in every other Suite on this recording.  But the culprit lies in Fournier's performance, which sounds rather uninteresting and somewhat detatched.  This album leaves &quot;the world as it should be,&quot; preserving the status quo and offering nothing terribly new or interesting.
B000056K04|3.0|Definitely better than the last cd, definitely worse than the first three.  The songs are all very polished and well arranged.  However, can't the band just be happy and carefree as they used to be.  Sure they've matured, but so has everyone else.  Are we all so mature that we don't enjoy fun, jangly, well-crafted hooks anymore?<br />&quot;Tequila drinking, oh our minds were wasted&quot;
B00004Z459|5.0|This is a killer album.  As heavy as it gets and yet you can still groove to it.  I havent heard this much anger in an album since Pantera's Reinventing the Steel,or Far Beyond Driven.  I am not saying that there is any similarities instrumently, but lyrically they are two very ...(angry) bands.  (Pantera got it's fan following in very different ways, with little or no MTV assistance and no small bands were squashed in the process.)<br />Long live Power Chords and Drop D.<br />Jim Wood
B000053V7O|1.0|I'm a huge jazz fan, but this film was so absolutely boring that I turned it off about halfway through. I couldn't bear to hear Dexter Gordon slowly mumble one more line. Very dissapointed in this purchase.
0140177396|5.0|I thought that this book was great.  When I first opened the book and read the first page, I thought that I was in for a boring book.  I being the type that hates adventures, thought that the book was well written.  The book starts off with a discription of a place that is by a lake and is surrounded with bushes.  As I continued to read I began to like the characters.  One being smart and the other being incredibly stupid.  As the story goes on many events happen that make you continue to read.  John Steinbeck keeps you intersested throughout the entire story.  You must read this book.
0316548189|4.0|\\"Long Walk to Freedom\\" is in no way an adventurous book, nor a novelists dream, but it is one the most inspirational and motivating books ever. It is the most realistic look at apartheid that really taps every boundary of the mind and soul. It is a book, a masterpiece if you will, that everyone should pick up at one time in his or her life and read.  Actually, you should pick it up a couple times in your life and read it. Many of the concepts and terms in the book were hard to understand.  After going over them a few times though, things started to make sense and all of his thoughts and experiences became one big life lesson.  No matter who reads this book, it opens that persons mind to emotions that could only be felt by Nelson and his followers.  How life can seem so short.  But how a single man can accomplish so much in that short time.<br />It doesn't matter how old you are.  Whether you are 15 or 75, this is a book that everyone can relate to.  It was a book that I had to read for my honors English 10 class.  I had heard horror stories about how long and boring it was.  Long, yes.  Boring, no way.  It is a book that is captivating from start to finish.  Granted, some of the parts in the middle of the book were a little slow.  He had many stories about his jail time that could have been left out.  At the end of the book though, it was those stories that you keep going back to.  How he was in jail doing mindless things and at the same time starting one of the greatest activist groups ever.  He never lost site of his ultimate goal.  In doing that, he started a revolution that is still being impacted today.  It is something that everyone knows about and appreciates.  It is only when you pick up his autobiography and find out just really went on; and what he really had to go through just to set his people free.  <br />For some younger adults, his book may seem quite boring at times.  When you get older though, it all starts to make sense.  You might pick it up a fewyears later and say, \\"Oh yeah, that's what he was trying to get across\\" or \\"He really was fighting for something he believed in more than life.\\"  Many of his thoughts and hopes can be shown in almost every sentence of the book.  It is something evident from the very start.  \\"Long Walk to Freedom\\" is indeed a long walk.  It is a walk though that everyone should go on and not rush through.  You should read every word and appreciate every word; for it can help you at times you would never imagine it could.
0140177396|5.0|I thought that this book was great.  When I first opened the book and read the first page, I thought that I was in for a boring book.  I being the type that hates adventures, thought that the book was well written.  The book starts off with a discription of a place that is by a lake and is surrounded with bushes.  As I continued to read I began to like the characters.  One being smart and the other being incredibly stupid.  As the story goes on many events happen that make you continue to read.  John Steinbeck keeps you intersested throughout the entire story.  You must read this book.
038533348X|5.0|The theme of Cat's Cradle is simple: Never underestimate the stupidity of the human race.  In Vonnegut's book, the destructive juggernaut we call idiocy ultimately leads to the destruction of the world.  This is accomplished via ice-nine.  Ice-nine is an isotope of water that is solid at room temperature.  It is especially dangerous because one crystal could, if dropped into a large body of water, turn all of the water on earth into this undrinkable substance.  What's worse is that if ice-nine somehow gets into the mouth of any animal, humans included, their body will solidify like a statue.  This substance was created, coincidentally, by the same man who developed the atomic bomb.  That man was Felix Hoenikker.  One day while vacationing, Felix's three children found him dead.  He had apparently put a crystal of ice-nine into his mouth and killed himself.  His children then divided up the ice-nine and each carried their piece in a small thermos.  Eventually the ice-nine was pawned for money, love, or power.  One of  Felix's children gave his piece up so he could get a powerful position on a Caribbean island.  Another child gave his piece to a midget Russian dancer/spy.    After a very interesting series of events, the world was destroyed by ice-nine.  Stupidity is what created the substance, and stupidity is what destroyed the world.  Vonnegut was obviously very much against the atomic bomb and other weapons designed to maim or kill other humans.  So, don't be stupid: Read Cat's Cradle.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Was I blown away by this soundtrack!!!  My husband and I went to see the movie and just loved it. When it was over, I immediatly walked out of the movie theater and into the record shop and bought the C.D.(Got the last one!) I'm listening to it now, as we speak. It's hard to pick a favorite, but I like 'You Are My Sunshine'(I've known that song all my life [60+ years]and didn't know all the verses!) and 'Down To The River To Pray'was beautiful. To give you an idea just how much I loved the movie &amp; the soundtrack...I even got in touch with my ex (a REAL country music fan) and recommended it to him!  I think you'll enjoy it too.
B000056K04|5.0|I have only listened to this CD 2-3 times and I have already found at least 6 songs I love.  It is more fast paced and rockin then some of his other CDs but they all sound great.  The best of the old Dave Matthews is still there, just kicked up a notch.
B000056JYB|3.0|If there is an award for CD packaging this should get it.  It is the most beautifully packaged CD set I have ever seen!  There is some very good music on these discs.  To hear I Can't Find My Way Back Home, even in a mediocre remastering is to fall in love all over again.  When you hear the quality of state-of-the-art remastering today as on the Beatles Number One album you can't help but think that they were working with some very bad source material here or that no one really care about sound quality.  Cymbal crashes break up and bass sounds muddy and unclear and there is no sense of real spacing between the instruments or of their placement.  Too bad, it's an album where the musicians and the package designers have done their job well and the album deserves better remastering.  The jams do get a little boring...they are not of the high quality of the Layla jams, but it's good to hear them, none the less.
B00003CXQY|5.0|This movie is one of the funniest Disney movies that I've seen.  It's very original and well written.  I was laughing through the whole movie.  If you like David Spade, you'll love this movie.  He uses the same whit and sarcastically harrassing tone that he uses in Tommy Boy, etc.  I would recommend this not only for your children, but for your entertainment as well.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley was a true musician, true in that he was the type of person who needed music to live. when this album was released in 94 it was not overly successful, it got some nice reviews and made some end of year lists. the reason for this is to put simply, Jeff Buckley was ahead of his time. Only recently has &quot;Grace&quot; been widely acknowledged as one of the best albums of the nineties. When one looks at the influence Buckley has had on the artist of today (radiohead, pj Harvey, Muse, travis, coldplay etc) this is justified.<br />This album just resonates genius. this guy could sing to anything, his vocal range is truly impressive. From the tender chords of &quot;Mojo Pin&quot; to the hard-rocking &quot;Eternal life&quot; and the garage rock of &quot;Last Goodbye&quot; or Leonard Cohen's &quot;Hallelujah&quot; he sings with amounts of passion, intensity and conviction that is beyond any other artists voice. <br />I really can't tell a standout track on this cd because every track is a classic in its own right. Enough said........buy this cd and keep alive the music and spirit of this great musician.
B000056K04|4.0|I have realized that with all things Dave Matthews Band creates in the studio it takes time for that new material to grow on me. With each new studio album I find myself thinking, dear god, that one song is awful. And with each successive tour that comes along following the release of an album, I find that the songs that didn't strike me immediately while listening to the album, suddenly spring into full color and become multi-dimensional and I can listen to the album again with new ears. I suspect that will happen with this album. I can appreciate the tightness of this new album after the meandering free-spiritedness of previous albums. And that's what I think makes it so good. The one drawback I see in this new effort is the obvious influence of Glen Ballard . . . there are moments on the album where I suddenly feel as though Dave is channeling Alanis circa 1995's &quot;Jagged Little Pill.&quot; Not that I mind the influence, I mind that it's fairly obvious at times. Otherwise, this album blends what I have come to expect from Dave with new elements that surprised me, and that was refreshing.
B000002J09|5.0|As a 42 year old man who has heard virtually every important rock album of the last 30 years, I can say quite confidently that Zeppelin IV is certainly one of the greatest albums of all time. This album, more thn any of their others illustrates their versatility and skills as musicians. Every song is brilliant, and unfortunately, reminders of how much better music was in the 70's than it is today.
0804106304|5.0|THis is an excellent book about the universal relationships between mothers and daugthers.  What Amy Tan manages to achieve is communicate to teh readers how despite cultural differences and backgrounds, the love/confrontation between the two different generations is always the same.  The fact that the mothers are Chinese immigrants only enhances the readers' experience and brings up the common feelings. <br />In addition to this major theme, however, The Joy Luck Club gives us a cultural perspective of China, the Chinese immigrant community and the way it adapts while retaining its cultural identity. The stories of each of the eight women are engrossing, each bringing to light the factors that shape that woman's character.<br />I just ordered the Bone Setter's Daughter and really hope it is as good as The Joy Luck Club.
6302814359|5.0|this movie is one of the best movies that i have seen in a long time i highly recomend this film to anyone, it mixes to , what i think are very important, elements, COMEDY, AND HORROR, and it does it well!
B000002UAX|5.0|Listening to the entire white album is an exhausting experience, because the Beatles cram so many disparate styles in here that it's hard to keep up. They seem to have an effortless mastery of just about any American music style. Take &quot;Honey Pie&quot; as one small example. This would seem to be a throwaway song, buried on side four. But listen again. The song is an affectionate parody - a stunningly accurate parody of twenties style songwriting, instrumentation, and recording - that is also in itself a legitimately good song, and a fine example of style it purports to parody. Breathtaking. Now consider that this silly song is on the same album as sizzling rock numbers like &quot;Yer Blues.&quot; The variety here - from sincere ballad (&quot;I Will,&quot; &quot;Julia&quot;) to rockabilly (&quot;Rocky Raccoon,&quot; &quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot;) to boggling surrealism (&quot;Glass Onion,&quot; &quot;Happiness is a Warm Gun&quot;) to uptempo rock (&quot;Back in the USSR&quot; (another shrewd parody), &quot;Everybody's Got Something to Hide...&quot;, &quot;Birthday&quot;) to mayhem (&quot;Helter Skelter&quot; and the complex recording of music concrete in &quot;Revolution 9&quot;) to commentary (&quot;Piggies,&quot; &quot;Sexy Sadie,&quot; &quot;Revolution 1&quot;) to......... Well, have a listen. And if you haven't heard it in a while, listen again. Everyone has their favorites to single out, it just depends on your taste. The Beatles had an unmatched versatility that catered to the broadest range of tastes imaginable, and nowhere is this fact more evident than on this fine collection.
0553106635|2.0|The epic fantasy &quot;Storm of Swords&quot; was a disappointing sequel to &quot;A game of Thrones&quot; and &quot;A Clash of Kings.&quot;  The term &quot;deus ex machina&quot; is the Latin phrase which basically describes the plot of the third novel. &quot;deus ex machina&quot; means in the traditional sense, that a god intervenes in order to save the hero.  In the modern sense, like in &quot;Swords&quot;, someone or something saves the character at the last moment. This occurs again and again in the lives of many of the characters in the novel. This is an not an original idea and is reminiscent of Ron Hubbard's &quot;Battle Field Earth&quot;. The Hero there also has more lives than James Bond. The only differences in &quot;Swords&quot; and &quot;Battlefield&quot; consists of the medieval times in &quot;Swords&quot; while &quot;Battlefield&quot; is in the future. We give 2 stars for imaginative skill with wrights, giants, and dragons.  One question final question only remains to be answered in the next volume--&quot;What ever happened to Ricken, Bran's brother?&quot;  We hope it is not another &quot;deus ex machina&quot;.  The swords have been broken enough.
B000056K04|3.0|It's true that DMB's latest effort, Everyday, is not spectacular, but it is far from terrible as some may lead you to believe.  I usually toss away the first new single of an album anyway, so 'I did it' was not that much of a disappointment.   By the second track you wonder what happened as the song abruptly ends right when you hope it wouldn't.  Though the musical interplay is all but gone, Dave can still write a song to make you sing, to make you think.  This alone keeps 'Everyday' afloat.  The one positive feeling I had after a couple of listens is that I can't wait for the live album which will ultimately follow.  Maybe Dave should consider releasing double discs, I can only listen to this radio edit for a little while.
0440213525|4.0|I found this book outstanding! It was wonderfully written and very precise. Some say that Mark Sway was too far fetched and too smart for his age, but i beg to differ. T.v. was mentioned many times when he was questioned and he said that he loved the shows that envolved the law.  Those shows have very helpful information and can get a good prespctive on some lawyers. He is very witty and knows when to act smart, dim - witted and any other things that you can act. I know many people like this. Myself included. I probally wouldn't be able to keep my mouth shut at some points but some can. I know all this about younger children because i am one. I am only in the age range of 12 - 14 but i love his books, because they are so evolved and can make you belive that what is in that story is happening, or has happened.  <br />Keep on reading, Sammy D.
B000056K04|2.0|DMB is definitely my favorite band, but this CD was a major let-down.  I think most people who love the band (not just those who like it) like the fact that their main instruments are a violin, a sax, and an accustic guitar.  It gives their music a sound like no other band.  This album is nicely polished and could very well sell better than all the others... but those who are fans of Under the Table and Dreaming will find this album boring.  There certainly are good songs, but nothing so amazing that you will still listen to it 5 years from now.<br />Here's hoping they fire their new producer and get back with their old one.
B000056K04|2.0|This is the one everyone will forget about or joke about 10 years from now.  I'm a BMD junkie and would find a Backstreet Boys cover by the band to be great.  I was shocked to find myself disinterested in Everyday after the second listen with the exception of a couple songs. If you are a fan of DMB's music you won't like this effort.  The lyrics sound very thoughtless as if they were rushed when they were composed.  The music doesn't sound much like anything they've played before.  It sounds like this is their producer's music and not the band's music. I've listened to this CD 3 times through and find 2 good songs, 2 ok songs, and 8 &quot;skip&quot; songs.  Everyday will definately be on the bottom of a large pile of great Dave Matthews CD's I own.  It'll be pulled out to listen to a paticular song or 2 but not to be played completely through.
0440219078|5.0|The reason that this book is so great is that it can be read on two levels.  The first, more obvious level is that it tells a story about what the future could possibly be like.  The concept of a colorless, symetrically boring society is very original and provokes thought in the reader.  The main plotline tells the story of a young boy's struggle when he begins to realize all the things that once existed in the world, such as color, animals and emotions.  The fact that only he knows the real truth creates a deep sense of loneliness in the 12 year old.  Moreover, this book can be read on a deeper level.  The themes of conformity and morality hold a strong presence in this novel.  In short, &quot;The Giver&quot; is an excellent story that can be enjoyed by all readers over 11 years old.
B000000W5P|5.0|As an 11-yr. old boy, I much remember keeping track of all the great rock bands of the day. Having five elder brothers and sisters, one now a local D.J., I became influenced by their various musical tastes - everywhere from Deep Purple to The Beatles to Mozart's concertos. Sitting at my then home in Montreal, I still recall hearing the string of hits put out on the radio this album came forward to produce. Miss You, Shattered, and Beast Of Burden all became standard players in the Top 40 race. In total, over half the record's songs have been worth honorable praise and mention.<br /> After saving my hard earned quarters and dimes, I got to a record store and took `SOME GIRLS` off the rack. My brother at the time said something like, &quot;Now $7.25 is a lot of money for you to spend. Are you sure this is what you want?&quot; I said, &quot;John, I'm as sure as you know what a guitar is. Besides, you can't always get what you want, can you?!?&quot; And that was that. For the next two months, I listened to the tracks religiously. I knew then that my investment sure as heck beat stamp collecting and Incredible Hulk comic books! Along with the other popular hits, When The Whip Comes Down and Just My Imagination (Running Away With Me) soon were to become and have ever remained my personal album favorites. Although a different change of pace for the band, Far Away Eyes should also be given credit. ....<br />In conclusion, almost every Stone enthusiast can't help but to take solid appreciation for this rock masterpiece. Prime `Bad Boy` genius sadly not to resurface. Indeed, a one in a million flash strokes production. ....
B000056K04|5.0|Dave Matthews Band is my favorite band, so my review may be somewhat biased.  I just bought the cd today and have listened to it about five times all the way through.  I like the new direction that the band has gone, although I prefer the previously more acoustic style.  Everyday was worth the long wait.  I only heard &quot;I Did It&quot; and &quot;The Space Between&quot; before I got the cd.  Those two songs along with &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Sleep To Dream Her&quot; are my favorites at this point.  &quot;I Did It&quot; seems like the type of song that will be popular for a long time, especially at college parties and bars.  I don't see DMB fans as upset over this cd as Radiohead fans were over Kid A.  I am not comparing Radiohead to DMB.
B000056K04|5.0|OK all of us who are the die-hard fans of DMB know what to expect from the band.  So we bought the CD, and though we heard some different things from the Warehouse, we still expected much the same.  We pop it in and BAM, we get hit in the face by the bassy first riff of &quot;I Did It&quot;.  This isn't DMB, or is it.  Yes it is different from the classics but it holds its own.  It is DMB and though a slight departure from their usual sound, it is still the usual awesome treat we get from DMB and a must have for the new and the old fans.
0451198670|5.0|Schine's writing in 'The Love Letter' is deceptively simple but filled with subtle understanding of human nature and the sensual pleasures of the natural world.  Consider the book's opening paragraph: &quot;The honeysuckle was everywhere the day the letter arrived, like heat. Wild roses bloomed in hedges of tendrils and perfume.  There were fat bees, dirigible bees, plump and miniature. It was a sweet, tangled morning...&quot; Such passages recur through the book, and remind one of the small epiphanies of life that occur when we momentarily lose ourselves to joy.  <br />I loved reading this novel. While I initially disliked the character of Helen, as I continued reading I began to identify with her. She emerges from being a somewhat irritating flirt and controlling personality into a woman surprised and chagrined at finding happiness and emotional freedom with the love of a young man half her age. The reader comes away with a feeling that she has met a real, imperfect, vulnerable human being in Helen. The character of Johnny is humorously endearing and believable. Ultimately, this unconventional love story itself becomes an epiphany, one which reminds us of the joy awaiting when we embrace the gifts life brings so unexpectedly.<br />A smart, literate, elegant reading experience, 'The Love Letter' makes us reflect-- on the essence of writing our emotions, the nature of love, the simplest pleasures of life, and our own fears, foibles and capacity for growth at any age.
6304493681|5.0|I saw this anime by accident on late night television while half zombied with a bad cold, not   being able to sleep because I was so miserable. I couldn't find anything to watch, and was   channel flicking, and came upon the opening scene of Ghost in the Shell. I removed my finger   from the remote as I watched the Major falling earthward, and from that moment forward, I   forgot all about my cold, I forgot about the misery I was in, heck - I probably forgot to blow   my running nose I was so completely entranced and involved in this movie!   Ghost in the Shell was a mindblowing visual experience like nothing I had ever seen before. It   was the very first Anime I had ever seen, other than commercial clips advertising some   Pokemon movie or other on TV, which I was definitely NOT interested in seeing.   I stared agape as scene after beautiful scene rolled past in fluid, beautiful, artistic splendor. I   listened as the background music and sound effects floated through my eardrums like perfectly   synchronized instruments seamlessly meshing with the visuals. The movie just kept getting better   and better, and by the time the &quot;going to work&quot; sequence was halfway through, I was in sheer   ecstasy.   I have always considered myself to be a connoisseur of cinema and have a DVD library of only   about 20 carefully selected movies out of thousands I have seen to date, but after seeing Ghost   in the Shell, everything I thought I knew about what makes a fine piece of cinema flew out the   window. This piece of sheer movie making artwork was done so fine, so flawlessly, so   perfectly, that nothing else in my library even comes close. Walt Disney? Don't make me laugh!   Nothing Disney ever saw in his most vivid dreams could match 1 perfectly   animated cel of Oshii's masterpiece.   Oh yeah, did I mention that this was an incredible movie? Well, I take that back. This is a superb,   exquisite, rapturous delight of a movie that not only takes my breath away everytime I view it,   but has absolutely stunned everybody I have had the opportunity to show it to.   Ghost in the Shell was my own introduction to the world of Anime, and although I have since   found several other gems among the anime movies available, none of the anime I have yet   viewed has affected me in quite the way that Ghost did or been of quite the same caliber of   work. Thank you, Mr. Oshii, I most eagerly await your next project.   Thank you Mr. Oshii, thank you VERY much!
B000056K04|2.0|AHH, what happened?  I got this cd half expecting this after hearing the non-DMB sounding &quot;I Did It&quot;.  Let it be known that I love DMB.  To me they are (or were)the only musical group that didn't appear to be following the norm in music.  That's why I love them.  I was able to hear the most amazing songs from amazing musicians that just blew my mind with its groove.   Now for this cd.  I do not like the new rock thing going on.  For one, Boyd and Leroi are barely in the music except for an occasional sound here and there.  And Carter, who I consider the best drummer in the world, what happened?!?!  I could listen to a DMB album just for the divine drum parts (and have on many occasions with my jaw dropped in awe)and this cd you just played a few redundant little beats. It about made me cry.   Where's the music?  Can you imagine &quot;Satellite&quot; on an electric guitar??  It just doesn't go.  That's how I feel about this new electric guitar move.  It just doesn't fit the group.  They are a band that can take beautiful instruments and combine them to make a the most perfect music and this cd just isn't up to par.  I really hope they don't continue on this move.   My biggest fear is that they're doing this to gain the &quot;pop&quot; and rock listeners.  Dave, Carter, Leroi, Boyd, and Stefan, don't change....you're already the best band in the world (at least in my opinion)   Please don't change
B000007T1M|5.0|Please realize that this is not your typical screaming rock cd. This is a highly intelligent, profoundly genius, screaming rock work of art. Do not make the mistake of relating it to the heavy metal kids who like to wear the SOD shirts. Most of these mislead children could not comprehend the meaning behind these lyrics. The lead singer's voice is amazingly original. Just listening to his fly through the octaves is worth the price of the disc. The lyrics are in a class of their own. This band definately has something to say. (even if you might need to use the liner notes the first time you hear it) Personally, I am an avid fan of bands like Dave Matthews and Ben Folds Five, but I'm always willing to cross genres for an awesome disc like this.
B00004YA66|5.0|When I first saw the trailer to this movie at the theater, I wanted to see it. It was a new premise I had not heard of yet, it looked interesting. I have always been a science fiction fan growing up. I loved time travel stories  (i.e. Back to the Future, Star Trek) so this looked promising. Little did I know that it exceeded my expectations. This movie was a sleeper, but should have been a blockbuster. Though the cast consisted of mainly unknown actors save Dennis Quaid, the story is solid, character development is excellent and the action is well done. Quaid and James Caviezel did a great job with their characters - the father/son relationship. The supporting actors did a good job too. One thing that was excellently done was the handling of temporal discrepancies that arise from stories involving time travel or alternate universes. Minute details are carefully shown, and in different instances questions that the audience might have are explained. Everything holds together. The ending was incredible, one of the few movies that kept me guessing until the end. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie in the theater, and again on DVD. Now regarding the DVD, I think everyone should go buy this movie after reading this because it's too good to not have in your library. The extras are good, with deleted scenes and commentaries and what not. Overall, go buy this movie because it's one of the best movies of 2000. Buy it!!!!!
B000056K04|5.0|It's not your typical Dave Matthews, but it is AWESOME!!!  I think that he did the right thing by picking up that guitar.  The songs are great.  It's the same Dave lyrics, but it doesn't have the drawn out sax or violin.  I love it!!!  I can't wait until the next cd comes out!!!
B000001GRZ|1.0|The cello as we know it has four strings, not six, as a previous reviewer suggested.  They really shouldn't allow those martians to review our earthly affairs!  As long as I'm writing this, I might as well mention that I agree with the person who said there are better recordings available at lower prices.  This cellist (Fournier) seems to lack confidence in his playing.  Maybe he's confused by the extra strings on his cello.
B0000508U6|5.0|Mellow, soothing, and lyrically powerful, Coldplay comes out of the studio with a very moving and powerful CD to show for it.  &quot;Yellow&quot; hit the airwaves and took America by surprise, but no one was ready for the entire album.  With a gorgeous piano intro, &quot;Trouble&quot; grabs the listener and intrigues them.  This isnt one of those albums you crank up to 10 and dumb out to.  This is a heart-felt, soft soother that you play when you and your lover are... uh... yeah.  Good album!
B000002U82|5.0|Pink Floyd's 'Dark Side of the Moon' has reached almost a mythical status among rock music lovers.  The album is as enigmatic as the band itself.  It is their highest selling album.  It still enjoys enormous airplay, even though it is decades old.  Why has this album captured so many people and why does it still endure?  As with many great albums (or works of art) there a several reasons.<br /><br />At the most basic level, the albums has a series of killer songs that are hypnotic in quality.  They are written very well, have tremendous guitar solos, and become better with each repeated listening.  They sound timeless and have not dated at all.  My personal favorite song is 'Time'.  So many people can relate to this song because so many people have wasted precious time in their lives and continue to do so on a daily basis.  At first, I did not understand what the hype was about this album because I listened to it on this basic level.<br /><br />But, the secret to 'Dark Side of the Moon' does not lie in listening to the individual songs. Pink Floyd is a band not set on singles.  They create albums for the sake of listening to them in their entirety.  If one is going to approach this album and one is going to \\"get it\\", listen to it non-stop from beginning to end.  There are instrumentals, but they are not fillers.  They are an essential part of the full package.  If one approaches the album this way, they will understand why it is the legend that it is.  So, what is the central theme of the album?<br /><br />Although the band members have stated there are several big themes, the main one might be very personal.  It think 'Dark Side of the Moon' is about the individual becoming older.  It is about the individual becoming more cynical and bitter with the passage of time.  It is about the individual realizing their mortality, and eventually their time on Earth will come to an end.  That life is a constant struggle against time, money, and other individuals.<br /><br />In their hearts, I think most people realize this message.  Surprisingly, the album has touched people's heart more than their minds.  This is what great music is all about.  This might be why 'Dark Side of the Moon'  is arguably the most important album in rock music history. If The Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper' was the transformation of rock music music becoming art, then 'Dark Side of the Moon' might have been the final realization of that transformation. But the difference between 'Sgt. Pepper' and 'Dark Side..' is that The Beatles pompous album has not aged well. 'Dark Side of the Moon' has not aged at all!  People have to learn to differentiate between importance and personal preference.  Personally, I like 'Wish You Were Here' over this album.  But if someone were to ask me what is the most important Pink Floyd album, I would most likely say 'Dark Side of the Moon'.  Just like 'Citizen Kane' is not my favorite film, I would not hesitate to say it is the most important American film ever.  The album spend 741 weeks, over 14 years, in the top Billboard 200.  Although albums sales are not always a good measure of classics, this album resonated with both critics and the public.  I think it is more important the album has resonated more with the public.  It is the public's love of this album that has kept it alive.  No need for the critics to praise it, the public already knows.<br /><br />See it one entity, and as a single entity no other album could take you on the journey this album will.  The music is absolutely hypnotic and strange.  It is made ever more subliminal with the talking voices in the background.  When the band members were recording the album, they would ask a series of questions to people.  These questions were along the lines of, \\"When was the last time you were violent?\\"  \\"What do you think of the dark side of the moon?\\"  The answers people gave are the voices we hear in the background.  It was a very clever idea.  Pink Floyd was always an experimentalband, and this album was probably their greatest experimental achievement.<br /><br />So in what kind of mental state would one enjoy this album the most?  Of coarse, the most obvious answer given is when one is stoned.  Well, I've never listened to this album stoned, and I think many people would not want to get stoned just to listen to it.  I recommend someone listen to this album after a long day's work; when one is tired and sad with life rather than angry or frustrated.  Listen to it alone, as the day turns to night.  Listen to it staring off into space.  It is then the album has the magic to take the listener through the atmosphere, past the moon, and farther.was probably their greatest experimental achievement.       So in what kind of mental state would one enjoy this album the most?  Of coarse, the most obvious answer given is when one is stoned.  Well, I've never listened to this album stoned, and I think many people would not want to get stoned just to listen to it.  I recommend someone listen to this album after a long day's work; when one is tired and sad with life rather than angry or frustrated.  Listen to it alone, as the day turns to night.  Listen to it staring off into space.  It is then the album has the magic to take the listener through the atmosphere, past the moon, and farther.
B000002GQL|5.0|This is my favorite Moody Blues album. I have them all, started buying them when I was in my teens, listened to them over and over and over (thank goodness for CDs!) wore them out a bought new copies. This album in particular is the one I reach for when I need a bit of Moodies.<br />It's funny how music can typify a time or a place for us. We hear a song and we are transported back in time to a place, reminded of something we did or someone we loved. This album does that for me, reminding me of a summer in the 70s that I spent on the beach in NC, grooving to the sounds of Hayward, Lodge, Pinder, Thomas, and Edge. I think the album pulls together well as an entire piece, and love &quot;Singer&quot; at the end. If I had to pick only one Moody Blues album to own, this would be the one. Don't hesitate, buy it, and drift back to the 70's...
B00000ING2|3.0|I had heard lots of good things about &quot;The Hudsucker Proxy&quot; and last night when I was planning to stay up all night (making the transition to a night shift) I decided to pick it up from the local Blockbuster. By 3:00 am I really wished I could pack it in and go to bed, so that may have influenced my perception of the movie. <br />It definitely had its moments, and some excellent performances, especially Newman's turn as Sid Mussburger, the conniving executive who masterminds the installation of a puppet president after Waring Hudsucker makes an impressive exit and leaves the post vacant. But it seems everything about this film was over the top, from the visual style to the performances of Tim Robins and Jennifer Jason Leigh. The film is set in the late '50s but stylistically has more to do with films of the '30s, which I found disconcerting. After awhile, Leigh's non-stop patter began to grate. Given all of this, the movie's ham-fisted plot devices didn't stick out too sorely. Maybe I just need to see the film again when I'm not strung out from lack of sleep, but my first impression is that &quot;The Hudsucker Proxy&quot; is a movie with hints of genius that get lost in all of the commotion. <br />Regarding the DVD itself, it includes both wide screen and pan &amp; scan versions. There is no bonus material, and dialogue was difficult to hear against the rest of the soundtrack, even with dialogue enhancement turned on.<br />--TR--
B000002L3P|5.0|At the young age of 7, Kenny Wayne Shepherd met a man that would forever change his life.  Stevie Ray Vaughan, one of the most influential blues masters picked up young Shepherd and placed him on his amplifier where he watched an entire show unfold.  Something was passed through Vaughan to Shepherd that day, and it is very apparent in Shepherds first album, Ledbetter Heights.<br />Almost 9 years later, a 16 year-old Shepherd emulates his idol Vaughan in ways that even fool me.  I find myself truly wodering if Shepherd himself may be Vaughans spirit on songs like &quot;Shame, Shame, Shame&quot;.  But do not be mistaken, this is not a copycat album.  New territories are explored and mastered making this one of the best blues albums from the 90's.  &quot;Aberdeen&quot; is a gripping slide-guitar jam that smokes.  &quot;While We Cry&quot; is one of the most amazing blues instumentals since Vaughans rendition of &quot;Little Wing&quot;.  I would highly reccomend this to anyone familiar with SRV.  I strongly believe something inside Shepherd was touched by Vaughan, and rightly so.  If Vaughan was the king of blues, then Shepherd rules the kingdom now as his heir.
B000002UAU|1.0|'Sgt. Pepper' ranks as one of the most overrated albums of all time.  Not only is it a bad album, it is also a boring one.  Some of the songs are OK, but the rest of the album makes me want to fall asleep.  I think most people know that it is bad, but are afraid to admit it.
B000056K04|5.0|This CD is like taking a sharp turn on a road while going 60 miles per hour.  There is a new &quot;twist&quot; of sound to this album, but once you make the turn into the new music and get back on the new road, DMB is still going at their high speed, great music, but just on a different path.  The band we know and love is still in the music, only more amplified. If your a fan of DMB at all, I strongly suggest getting this album, it is A MUST HAVE!
0375703764|1.0|Quite possibly one of the most annoying books ever published, House of Leaves would have Gutenberg suffocating on dirt in his grave.  Yes, I do understand that this is supposed to be art, but it seems to me to be nothing more than a sophmoric attempt at publishing something 'different'.  Nevermind that the plot, as the esteemed NY Times Reviewer, Mr. Robert Kelly, noted was as silly as the Blair Witch Project, but I think even that would have appeased me were the book not as annoying to read as a latin manuscript read with a flashlight in a car with no suspension traveling down a bumpy road.  I think this book would be a perfect hiding place for someone confined to a mind devoid of sense, structure, and stability - and more people have those things than one might think.
B000002U82|3.0|Never one to jump on the band wagon , me. It's kind of hard to give an honest appraisal of an album which has been praised so much over the year's and is generally regarded as one of the greatest rock albums ever. Before i heard it i was expecting something very special, but i was disappointed. I guess with all the hype that was inevitable. My main problem is with the 'music'. I mean what's so special about these songs. Where are there any moments where you go 'oh my god, that was sublime. that was a bit special'. Nothing here strikes me as avant-garde either. The music is nice and melodic, they're nice songs. There's good/very good playing. The production/recording is all terrific. I don't know about the merits of the lyrics, but nothing hit me as great. My final verdict: It's a good album, but I've heard way better stuff. I'll give it 7/10 actually (there's no 3 and a half star option is there?). Maybe in time i might score it higher, when i get old and mellow. Thank you
B000002HMH|2.0|I used to like this album, as well as Reload. But then, something happened.<br />I heard Ride the Lightning. And Master of Puppets. And Kill 'em All. And ...And Justice for All.<br />When I came back to Load and Reload, I was surprised at how empty this music sounded. Except for a few songs (Until It Sleeps, Bleeding Me, Outlaw Torn, which are decent), this album isn't very good. <br />Call it whatever you want, but to me this is pop country.
B000002U82|3.0|Never one to jump on the band wagon , me. It's kind of hard to give an honest appraisal of an album which has been praised so much over the year's and is generally regarded as one of the greatest rock albums ever. Before i heard it i was expecting something very special, but i was disappointed. I guess with all the hype that was inevitable. My main problem is with the 'music'. I mean what's so special about these songs. Where are there any moments where you go 'oh my god, that was sublime. that was a bit special'. Nothing here strikes me as avant-garde either. The music is nice and melodic, they're nice songs. There's good/very good playing. The production/recording is all terrific. I don't know about the merits of the lyrics, but nothing hit me as great. My final verdict: It's a good album, but I've heard way better stuff. I'll give it 7/10 actually (there's no 3 and a half star option is there?). Maybe in time i might score it higher, when i get old and mellow. Thank you
B000056K04|2.0|I agree with the other reviewers -- this isn't the same old Dave.  I didn't feel an emotional response to the music that I did with his earlier works.  I played the CD a couple of times.  Rather than capturing my attention, it was just background noise.
B000002J1U|4.0|when i was in high school, a cousin of mine gave me this album and &quot;houses of the holy&quot;, saying he didn't like them that much.  which is a shame, really.  &quot;houses&quot; is the greatest album ever, but this is a review for &quot;III&quot;, which isn't bad in its on right.  after the pure raucousness of the first two lps, a lot of people were put off by all the acoustical stuff, but had not zep did &quot;black mountain side&quot; and &quot;babe i'm gonna leave you&quot; on &quot;I&quot;, and &quot;thank you&quot; on &quot;II&quot;?  yes, there are weak tracks here, most notably &quot;hats off to (roy) harper&quot;, but how about the classics?  &quot;tangerine&quot; and &quot;that's the way&quot; are absolutely gorgeous acoustic pieces, while &quot;since i've been loving you&quot; is a blues magnum opus a la &quot;dazed and confused&quot; or &quot;tea for one&quot; from the later &quot;presence&quot; album.  &quot;immigrant song&quot; is probably familiar from radio play, but i encourage people to check out &quot;out on the tiles&quot;, track 5, as i think it is one of robert plant's finer vocals and a very overlooked song.  anyway, that's how i see it.  buy it, own it, listen to it, love it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I know. I'm commenting the same as millions. I gotta say something first, though. Your opinion is NOT always someone elses opinion, so dont get all pissy if someone gives this a bad review (or vice versa). That attitude is ignorant and stupid. Than again, that is mostly on yahoo, but still... Anywho, on to the review.<br />OK Computer was rightly (in my opinion) praised for its emotion. One of the few things that did disappoint me about this album is it took a while before you realized what it was, causing some to be angry at the hype and throw it out. It doesnt just hit you like the album it is oft compared to, Dark Side of the Moon. This is a superior recording though, one of my personal favorites. I also say it is better than The Bends, which reminded me of the Beatles in recording excellent songs with a certain amount of filler (can you honestly say you loved Black Star?). <br />We start off with Airbag, a track I sometimes skip but do enjoy, for the echoing vocal sounds and crazy drums. On to Paranoid Android. This is the best best best (by far) Radiohead recording ever. It's three movements (or would it be four, as it returns to the second?) blend perfectly together, the beginning showing absolute ignorance, with pretty noises but disturbing vocals. This gives way to part two, which builds up a kind of dread before exploding into chaos (notice the main guitar on the left speaker, rhythm on the right, and acoustic in the middle). This gives way to the the descending vocals that will make your spine tingle. This suddenly explodes into the second parts rebirth, ending quickly, raggedly, and very satisfactory. This track is worth buying the CD alone for. On to Subterranean Homesick Alien, a breezy track that makes you feel quite out of it. Then onto the morbid ballad that is Exit Music. The intimate vocals and noises give way to a chaotic anger from the narrator, that quietly ends in one of the most startling lines on the album. Let Down next, which is a somewhatdull track that just doesnt interest much. Love those double vocals in the end though. Karma Police following, a pretty and sarcastic song that self destructs wonderfully in the end. Fitter Happier, while it may be the one most often skipped, is still good, especially if you listen to the background noises that add an eerie effect to it. The fiery Electioneering next. I dont see why this isnt a fan favorite. Its a smarmy bashing of politics, with some destructive guitar. Then Climbing Up Walls, the most depressing track, by far, giving meaning to the term &quot;wall of sound&quot;. No Surprises picks it back up, with it's world weariness. Lucky brings back the epic, making it feel as if one against the entire world. The Tourist ends it, by far one of my least favorite Radiohead tunes, but it does strike the right note.<br />Overall, very worth buying. It will take a while, but do give it some time. If still dont like, go back to whatever your listening to before. Radiohead, good or bad, is making an impact on people. Myself included.
B000002JSJ|4.0|&quot;presence&quot; gets no respect from all but the most devoted zeppelin fans.  around here, only &quot;nobody's fault but mine&quot; gets any sort of airplay, while the other six tracks off the album languish in obscurity.  me?  i love this album.  true, i do skip by &quot;candy store rock&quot; most of the time when &quot;presence&quot; goes in the cd player, but the rest of the album is great. the circumstances of the band's recording of this work have been well documented, and listening to it, it's hard not to hear the pain and frustration the band must have felt at the time.  jimmy page's guitar is blistering on this lp, for the last time really, as &quot;in through the out door&quot; would attest to.  &quot;achilles last stand&quot; is a rock epic, with pounding drums from bonham, focused yet possessed-sounding vocals from plant.  my other favorite tracks are the blazing &quot;nobody's fault but mine&quot;, &quot;hots on for nowhere&quot;, and the bluesy &quot;tea for one.&quot;  the latter of the three sounds like a more somber &quot;since i've been loving you.&quot;  one listens to that song and waits for the explosive wail, but it never comes.  the song just lopes to it's sad conclusion, ending the album and leaving the listener out of breath.  it's not like the zeppelin of the early seventies, and perhaps that's why it didn't sell as well.  but it's still classic in my opinion.
B000056K04|4.0|Dave Matthews' fans, fear not...I too was apprehensive of this new offering, Everyday, having heard snippets on the web and SNL and thinking &quot;This doesn't sound like Dave!&quot;.  I've been a fan of the the band's music since Dave and the boys graced us with Remember Two Things.  This new CD, Everyday, at first seems a drastic change from what most fans admire about their sound...Dave's beautiful acoustic melodies, riffs and vocals, complimented by Boyd's strings and Leroi's horns, Stephan's predominant bass licks and Carter's unbelievable percussion offering.  But once again, DMB have come up with a long awaited offering that is sure to please.  The music has changed a bit, to a more electric, energy-filled level, that is more than expected.  Dave has set down his acoustic guitar and opts for an electric for most of this album.  The music is fresh and definately energy-filled.  The opening track 'I Did It' sets the stage for the feel of the CD, which doesn't stop having you moving and singing along.  The tracks that stand out include 'The Space Between' and 'Mother Father', which has the acoustic feel of the previous sound with a new, exhilarating feel.  Fresh, bold and laden with the DMB sound, Everyday is as much a welcome addition to the traditional DMB fan's library as it is to the first-time listeners.
B000002JSP|3.0|i almost gave this album four stars but the lack of a fourth great song to go along with &quot;fool in the rain&quot;, &quot;all my love&quot;, and &quot;in the evening&quot; makes me only give it three.  the last real studio album by rock's greatest band is a real departure for them. i've always wondered how they would have followed this, but sadly we will never know.  jimmy page doesn't unleash any monster riffs on this lp, probably used them all up on &quot;presence&quot;, which was a guitar tour de force.  but his solo turns on this album are tasteful and fit the mood, particularly on &quot;all my love&quot; and &quot;in the evening.&quot;  i'll join the chorus of those who think that including &quot;ozone baby&quot;, &quot;wearing and tearing&quot;, and &quot;darlene&quot; on this album would have made it better, but i can see how it would have further wrecked the thematic unity of the lp.  &quot;hot dog&quot; and &quot;south bound suarez&quot; are the weak links on this record.  i was never a big fan of &quot;i'm gonna crawl&quot; or &quot;carouselambra&quot; but i have relistened to them recently and have a new respect for each of these tunes.  i enjoyed this album, but if you're looking for maximum crunch a la &quot;whole lotta love&quot;, you may not find a whole lotta enjoyment out of this album.
B000056K04|4.0|I come from the jazz, world beat, folky, blues, phishy side of rock, and I love this album.  No, it's not typical Dave Matthews Band, but it is a change I chould stand.  I understand music that most filter out as static, but listening to this, a clearly different vision for an album allows dmb to play with emotion.  Trey says [i paraphrase] the only possible way you can reach the audience is by putting the statement in the simplest possible form, something that dmb has found for itself.
B000002J0B|5.0|most people think of &quot;stairway&quot; or &quot;whole lotta love&quot; when they think of zeppelin.  this certainly isn't their most popular album (their fourth offering would take that honor hands down), but in my humble opinion this is their golden moment.  jimmy page's playing on &quot;over the hills and far away&quot; is something to marvel at, while robert plant is at his finest vocally.  john bonham's ponderous pounding of the drums is put on display particulary on &quot;d'yer mak'er&quot; and &quot;the ocean&quot;, while john paul jones' organ lends an ambient quality to &quot;no quarter.&quot;  from beginning to end, this album is rich in different textures and sounds that make you believe that zep wasn't just another hard rock band.
B000056K04|5.0|First of all, read the editor's review above. Done? Now forget it completely. One of the worst things in the world is overanalyzing, and is done simply to give professional music editors the appearence of having a brilliant analytical insight into what is, essentially, an emotional medium. Either you like a certain album/band or you don't; it has nothing to do with new producers or how the moons of Orion align with Juptier on the third day of the vernal equinox. Therefore, as an amatuer music editor without a job on the line, let me break it down for you.  <br />This is Dave Matthews, pure and simple. They are trying something different, but it's evolutionary, not revolutionary. this IS brilliant music. If you are a fan, you already own it (or if you don't, you're in a coma somewhere, and I hope you get better) and you love it. If you are not yet a fan, you can start with this album or try some more established stuff, such as Under the Table (one of my favorite albums ever) or Before These Crowded Streets.  Bottom line, if you like Dave, you'll like this album, plain and simple.<br />There, that wasn't so hard, was it?  Gabrielesque... please.
B000002J03|5.0|i bought this album when i was in the tenth grade.  i was just falling in love with zep at this point and i listened to this album ad nauseum.  and why not?  hardly a weak track here.  from the brute force of &quot;whole lotta love&quot; to the languid bluesy &quot;what is and what should never be&quot; to the pastoral idyllic &quot;thank you&quot;, this album is one of the definitive hard rock albums, and everyone should have it.  more casual fans may not want to sit through the drum solo showcase &quot;moby dick&quot;, but everything else is solid.  lots of blues workouts on &quot;the lemon song&quot;, &quot;heartbreaker&quot;, and &quot;bring it on home&quot;, if that's your thing. and of course, &quot;ramble on&quot; which always conjures visions of tolkien's mythical world in the book &quot;the hobbitt.&quot;  you must own this album.
6304078145|4.0|Tim Roth is brilliant in 'Four Rooms'. He plays a bellhop, just-to-a-perfect-extend overacting, who on New Year's Eve gets four very different assignments, one more sick than the other - in Four Rooms, by four different directors.<br />The ultimate Room is the Penthouse, the last of these Four little films. In 'The Man From Hollywood' by Quentin Tarantino, thrill is combined with absolutely brilliant humour. And again, Tim Roth, though small his part and few his lines in this Room, is the STAR aming stars.<br />An absolute must-see! A brilliant, hilarious and different film.
B000056K04|4.0|ok so i love the new departure... it took a little warming up to, but i am hooked....i think that these new songs are going to be great improv jam sessions with a lot of energy in the summer tour... anyway to conclude, definately *buy this*, it is a must for any dave fan!
6301967992|4.0|The Fearless Vampire Killers Or Pardon Me, But Your Teeth Are In My Neck is simply the best vampire film AND the best horror comedy made so far.<br />The fact that it's made in the 1960s does not matter in this case - in contrary. Polanski has taken every fantasy we have about vampires - surroundings, landscape, castle, characters - and exaggerated these stereotypes into a such extent that it becomes pure fun. A parody with an unbeatable humour! And one of the very rare films which succeeds in combining comedy with horror and thereby making both genres better!<br />Highly recommendable!
B00000DGUG|5.0|When this album first came out critics wasted too much debating the title of the album than actually diving in and reviewing the stunning content. Since then, progress has been made, and much of rock's general population have woken up to the realization that this CD is one of the finest feminist statements ever made, and that Alanis' growth as an artist is almost unbelievably astounding.<br />Lets wade through the album, track by track. Just for the record, this album is NOT Alanis' 'second' album as people call it. Its actually her third. Her first album was simply called 'Alanis' and released by MCA in Canada. Finding it these days is easier than you would think though Alanis herself has distanced herself from the project (just as Tori has done, with 'Y Kant Tori Read').<br />The tracks :<br />1. Front Row : Alanis' first track delves into spurned anguish almost at once. This, as we have come to realize is a woman who loves telling us how she was done wrong and how she will never be able to forgive or forget. However, for all of 'Front Row's powerful message, (its also the lyrically longest song on the CD) the words get lost in some god-awful instrumentation. The warbled vocoder bit is not at all effective and much of the message is drowned. This is not a song you can sing along to, but curiously, this is one track that I listened to many times, signifying that theres something here that contains repeat value.<br />2. Baba : Alanis in India. Her few months there apparently got her on a spiritual trip, though admittedly she went through many false gurus before finding someone truly enlightened. This song is devoted to those false and lying spiritual masters who claim to be the channel to The One. I loved the almost heavy-metal like mood of the song, and Alanis sings with determined rage. As for lyrical content, well, lets just say that I haven't heard any contemporary musician talk of Indian spirituality in such ironic terms as Alanis does, and its refreshing.<br />3. Thank U : The first single, and the most talked about video. This song also is dedicated to India, but to its' positive aspects. Alanis thanks the country for making her 'wake up' and smell the roses, in a matter of speaking. I loved the lyrics ('How bout them elusive dangling carrots?'). This is one track that you will keep playing. I did.<br />4. Are You Still Mad : In a softer mood, and the albums' first real ballad. I didn't care too much for this one, though it shows that Alanis' voice is no featherweight instrument. This girl can sing.<br />5. Sympathetic Character : Alright, I'll be honest. I hated this song. Nothing works on it. Very reminiscent of Sinead O'Connor's 'Daddy, I love you'. But at least I could sit through that one.<br />6. That I Would Be Good : Another ballad, but this ones terrific. Alanis at times seems like a little girl aiming to please (most evident on 'Perfect', the most sensitive antistatement on 'JLP') and this track is amusing and captivating in its' honesty and simplicity. I loved the gentle melody that never jarred one bit. Very appealing.<br />7. The Couch : So we're all slightly mad. Now thats nothing to be ashamed of, is it? Alanis doesn't think so. Here she plays a Southern Belle from a troubled dysfunctional family and has no qualms about bearing the story of her life and her handicapped and insane family. This is more information than we can take, but its very welcome.<br />8. Can't Not : Very similar to 'Sympathetic Character'. These are the two songs on the album that I totally detest. Theres something wrong with the melody, or perhaps its just that I dont like such melodies. It irritated me, and no one I know has played these tracks more than a few times.<br />9. UR : Amazing. This is one of Alanis' finest rock moments, and the blend of pop and alterna work in sync like never before. Sheer single material. Burn the books, they've got too many words and psychoses, she says. I totally agree. I have no idea why this wasntgiven more attention. Very compelling.<br />10. I Was Hoping : One of the 'filler' tracks. Some have said that its the stand-out on the CD, but I must disagree.<br />11. One : You know, this song reminded me so much of U2's song of the same name. They have nothing in common lyrically, but the message is the same. For some reason, the song lacks power and vocal strength, but you'll love it after a few listens.<br />12. Would Not Come : The most solid track on the CD. I loved it years ago and I love it now, and I have no idea why people have trashed it. This is also the most interesting Alanis song ever, because you keep thinking that 'Would not come' is a veiled reference to sex, but she surprises us by revealing at the end that its really not, and all of a sudden, the song takes an unintended spiritual turn, which got to me. This is funk with attitude and meaning. Wonderful.<br />13. Unsent : Alanis reads her unsent e-mails to her past lovers on this song. It was the second single release from the CD yet never made it to the charts, really. Though I thought I would get tired of it, I never did. Its quite profound.<br />14. So Pure : The third single from the CD is also the most pop-like, and has the most infectious beat. You'll be dancing away on this one. Psycho-electronica is the mood of the moment and Alanis masters it like no one else. I loved the seemingly nonsensical lyrics - 'You from New York, you are so relevant - you reduce me to cosmic tears'. Now go analyze that !<br />15. Joining You : Not very nice. I listened to it and thought about it, and liked it for a few reasons, but its musically weak and repetitive.<br />16. Heart Of The House : This is Alanis doing her 'I can be better than Tori' imitation, and you know what? For some reason, she actually IS better that Tori here. It works, marvellously! Especially on the lifting 'All hail the Goddess' chant that Alanis does so well. She sounds VERY different on this song and its worth checking out.<br />17. Your Congratulations : To end the album on a ballad seems a strange move. JLP ended with 'Wake Up' which, though being rather slow and winded, jolted you out of your reverie. This one lulls you back to sleep, which is why most people think of the CD as a whole as a sleeper flop. Its NOT, I assure you.<br />For people who have JLP and those who are thinking about getting this one, I HIGHLY recommend this album to you. Its much better than most female alternative rock albums out there today, and deserves cult classic status. Its right up there with Fiona's 'When the Pawn', and Tori's 'From the Choirgirl Hotel'.<br />Yes, THAT good...given more attention. Very compelling.<br />10. I Was Hoping : One of the 'filler' tracks. Some have said that its the stand-out on the CD, but I must disagree.<br />11. One : You know, this song reminded me so much of U2's song of the same name. They have nothing in common lyrically, but the message is the same. For some reason, the song lacks power and vocal strength, but you'll love it after a few listens.<br />12. Would Not Come : The most solid track on the CD. I loved it years ago and I love it now, and I have no idea why people have trashed it. This is also the most interesting Alanis song ever, because you keep thinking that 'Would not come' is a veiled reference to sex, but she surprises us by revealing at the end that its really not, and all of a sudden, the song takes an unintended spiritual turn, which got to me. This is funk with attitude and meaning. Wonderful.<br />13. Unsent : Alanis reads her unsent e-mails to her past lovers on this song. It was the second single release from the CD yet never made it to the charts, really. Though I thought I would get tired of it, I never did. Its quite profound.<br />14. So Pure : The third single from the CD is also the most pop-like, and has the most infectious beat. You'll be dancing away on this one. Psycho-electronica is the mood of the moment and Alanis masters it like no one else. I loved the seemingly nonsensical lyrics - 'You from New York, you are so relevant - you reduce me to cosmic tears'. Now go analyze that !<br />15. Joining You : Not very nice. I listened to it and thought about it, and liked it for a few reasons, but its musically weak and repetitive.<br />16. Heart Of The House : This is Alanis doing her 'I can be better than Tori' imitation, and you know what? For some reason, she actually IS better that Tori here. It works, marvellously! Especially on the lifting 'All hail the Goddess' chant that Alanis does so well. She sounds VERY different on this song and its worth checking out.<br />17. Your Congratulations : To end the album on a ballad seems a strange move. JLP ended with 'Wake Up' which, though being rather slow and winded, jolted you out of your reverie. This one lulls you back to sleep, which is why most people think of the CD as a whole as a sleeper flop. Its NOT, I assure you.<br />For people who have JLP and those who are thinking about getting this one, I HIGHLY recommend this album to you. Its much better than most female alternative rock albums out there today, and deserves cult classic status. Its right up there with Fiona's 'When the Pawn', and Tori's 'From the Choirgirl Hotel'.<br />Yes, THAT good...
0671042858|3.0|'The girl who loved Tom Gordon' will never be considered one of King's best works and righteously so.  But this book does have a certain quality to it...King is right on the money as far as Trisha, the main character.  He thoroughly explores her emotions as she wanders in the woods of rural Maine (where else?) and becomes increasingly helpless and hopeless. The treatment of this character is up to par for King.  Through the use of reflective imagery mixed with humor and a voice that really does seem like that of a nine year old (without seeming childish), King manages to suck the readers into this story and forces you to continue just to see what happens next.  That is where the problem begins.<br />The &quot;thing in the woods&quot; at first, is an abstract image that the reader is not really sure is real or imagined by a little girl pushed way past the breaking point.  King lightly touches on this force then abruptly removes Trisha from it with the break of day.  As the story progresses, the creature reappears and moves in closer and closer to do what Trisha (and the reader) fear most.  But the mistake in this novel is pushing the envelope too far...way too far.  This creature becomes more than a shadowy image that personifies Trisha's (and the reader's) worst fears, a force that may or may not exist outside the imagination.  Instead it becomes real and quite ridiculous, which totally throws off what King tried to accomplish in the majority of the novel.<br />As I said early on, this will never be considered one of his best works, but it could have been appreciated, as the saying goes, as a new trick for an old dog, as far as accomplished writers go.  The writing style, as always, is exceptional.  King's main character reflects bravery, resolve and a sense of realism that is typical for this writer...that is what makes his work so popular.  You can't help but get attached to the characters but his effort to incorporate some form of horror made the story dissolve quickly and only served to diminish what he had accomplished up to that point.<br />King gets good marks for storytelling and the creation of a truly interesting and well-developed character, but points off for what seemed like a last ditch effort to transform a harrowing story into a horror story.e quickly and only served to diminish what he had accomplished up to that point.  <br />King gets good marks for storytelling and the creation of a truly interesting and well-developed character, but points off for what seemed like a last ditch effort to transform a harrowing story into a horror story.
B000001Y79|4.0|Although &quot;Don't Speak&quot; was terribly overplayed on the airwaves, (so much so, that after a while I used to change the station whenever it came on) this album as a whole is excellent. I enjoy it more now than I did when it first came out. Gwen has a voice that is different from the run-of-the-mill girl vocalists these days. And the band is very talented, the songs are melodic with great riffs and hooks throughout. No Doubt are one of those bands that write, play and sing their own songs. True talent. The booklet contains all lyrics and lots of photos.
B000056K04|5.0|I am a long time DMB fan, and I will be the first to admit that this is not their typical album.  Sure, there aren't long, amazing solos here.  But what we do have is another DMB classic album -- the same brilliant Dave Matthews song writing, the same first-class musicianship, the same chills down your spine while listening.  There is nothing wrong with spicing things up a bit.  I Did It is a great first single, catchy and jangly.  &quot;When the World Ends&quot; is mellow at times, then suddenly vital, and a great track overall.  &quot;The Space Between&quot; is quite possibly one of Dave's best songs ever.  Recalling the tenderness of Crash Into Me, along with an even gentler sentiment, this song alone makes the album worth buying.  &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers&quot; starts out like a slightly heavier Rhyme &amp; Reason, and contains some of the most brilliant Matthews lyrics in recent memory.  &quot;So Right&quot; is, although a bit poppy, an uplifting feel-good track that will undoubtedly stick in your head.  &quot;If I Had It All&quot; is slower, minorly dark, but with a shining chorus.  &quot;What You Are&quot; recalls the sound of Minarets and The Last Stop, in the surreal atmosphere of a laser-light show -- screamingly vital and full of depth.  &quot;Angel&quot; is subtle and romantic, soloish like I'll Back You Up.  &quot;Fool To Think&quot; is musically very interesting, with a rhythm that is almost tough to follow, but a great melody.  &quot;Sleep to Dream Her&quot; is slow, almost to a point of boredom to a non-fan possibly, but contains great work from Boyd and Roi, and heartfelt lyrics that make it a very solid track.  &quot;Mother Father&quot; has a Latin edge, and social-environmental lyrics that are reminiscent of Seek Up and One Sweet World.  Finally, &quot;Everyday&quot; is back to DMB's acoustic roots, but still departurous.  Almost a gospel tune, &quot;Everyday&quot; mixes synchopated jazziness and old-fashioned sing-along style to put a great cap on DMB most innovative album.  While some fairweather fans may whine about the shortness of these tracks, and the lack of classic DMB solo interactions, most should still love Everyday for its dead-on songwriting and uplifting sound.  A must have.
6303471714|5.0|I tried everything to lose weight. For a year I exercised twice a day; and got very little results.  When I started alternating this video with some cardio exercise, I dropped 40 lbs in 6 months and I look great! I have tried a lot of videos (the firm, tammie webb, etc.) nothing works my body into shape like this one.
B00003CWPL|5.0|I can't add much more to the great things people have already said about this movie, but maybe, the more of us that rave about it, the sooner it will be released on DVD.<br />This is, hands-down, my favorite movie. I've seen it at least a half-dozen times, and it still has the same effect on me. In addition to all the elements of the film that have already been stated in previous reviews, the surreal imagery is so captivating that it transports me to another place. The industrial sounds of steam and trains. That apartment building that seems to exist in the middle of a coal yard or something. When Henry leaves his building to walk anywhere, there is no sign of life, streets, people or anything... just barren industrial wasteland.The sounds are all so expertly varied so as not to turn into a drone, while conveying a consistent opressive quality.<br />This film operates on so many levels... it tells a story, conveys real-world fears... we laugh at Henry for his weirdness and his misfortune, while deeply identifying with him as the &quot;good guy&quot; in a world that's even weirder than he is. All this is done with visual and sound imagery that is nothing short of artistic genius without being pretentious or overblown. This film is much too important to be unavailable.
B000056K04|1.0|For true Dave fans, this release is a disappointment. Instead of the DMB &quot;Everday&quot;, it should be titled the Glen Ballard Band's &quot;Everyday&quot;..named after the producer of this latest album. Not only are the songs short and full of meaningless, empty lyrics..but the true flavor of what Dave Matthews' music was founded in is barely traceable. The guitar riffs, violin/drum solos, etc. are almost completely gone..replaced with electronic instrument sounds from a synthesizer. When the band said they feel this is some of their best work in recent interviews, they must have been shown alot of money to make such claims. It's sad to see such a great band become a sellout. If you wanna hear music like this, buy some crummy boy band's CD full of synthesized pop. Hopefully, their next album will return to what the DMB should sound like..a distinct sound free of made-for-top 40 stations time limits and lyrics that truly say something.
B00001NFCY|5.0|&quot;Human Clay&quot; is an incredible album in every aspect. I must admit, the first time I heard &quot;Higher&quot; on the radio, I wasn't that impressed. To me, it just seemed like another band trying to sound like Pearl Jam or Soundgarden. Well, needless to say, my opinion on Creed has definitely changed. They are now one of my favorite bands. Every song on this album has the potential to be a great radio hit; the music, the lyrics, everything is perfect. When I bought this album, the only songs I had heard from it were &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;With Arms Wide Open.&quot; Don't get me wrong, these are definitely great songs, but every other song is just as impressive. The roaring guitar work is excellent, and Scott's vocals are incredible. He puts so much energy into his lyrics, it makes the image of the music come alive in a way that few other artists can do. You can feel the pure emotion in the music, especially on the tracks &quot;What If,&quot; &quot;Never Die&quot; and &quot;Beautiful.&quot; And if you like other groups such as Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, Godsmack or Soundgarden, then you would surely want this album. Check it out, you'll be surprised.
6305078564|1.0|I am a big fan of this mini-series, which I have viewed many times on video.  I therefore went to the expense (almost $A100) of buying the DVD for my new state-of-the-art home theatre.  The quality of this DVD is the worst I have ever seen and is much worse than watching the video through the home theatre system. I am surprised that the BBC allowed its release.  Of course I cannot return the DVD now that it has been opened but it is a complete waste of money because it is virtually unwatchable.  If I had purchased the item here in Australia, I would be protected by law from having to accept it because it is not &quot;of merchantable quality&quot;.  However, buying on the net carries certain risks.  Let the buyer beware!!
B000002KAT|5.0|I woke up on a Sunday morning to the sounds of Astral Weeks, and from that day (about 4 years ago) I have listened to the album at least once a week.  It is not a typical, not always pleasant album to listen to.  It is sweeping and enveloping.  Listening to this masterpiece gives one the sense that Van is speaking to you.  The instruments used are in sync with Van, in an almost magical way.  His voice jumps from the speakers and draws you in, first in an excited and joyful track &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; then he slows it down to an almost depressing tempo with &quot;Madame George&quot;, but brings it up once again with the &quot;Way Young Lovers Do&quot;, then fades down once more with &quot;Ballerina&quot;.  The album is a ride of emotion and insightfulness.<br />It is genius.  It is too bad there isn't another album out there that can capture the emotions as well as Astral Weeks does.<br />Buy this album, listen to it about 4 or 5 times, and after that 5th listen you won't be able to stop yourself from another hundred.
B000059RL3|5.0|The first CD of this 2-disc set includes a beautifully remastered version of the original LP, followed by an alternate mix of the entire program and a version of the title track sans vocals and percussion.<br />The second disc features a complete live performance of earlier Gaye hits and most of WGO from the Kennedy Center in 1972. Then you get the 45 rpm mixes of the title track and &quot;God Is Love&quot;, with an early version of &quot;Distant Lover&quot; (recorded at the WGO sessions) to cap things off.<br />The discs are housed in a cardboard digipack and plastic slipcase, and the packaging includes all the elements of the original LP as well as a terrific new set of liner notes by music historian Ben Edmonds. The result is the ultimate edition of this timeless album, and well worth the extra money for Motown afficianados.
0783226063|4.0|One thing that must be understood about this movie is that it was originally about four hours long.  This is obviously too long for the big screen.  The original followed the book much moer closely because of the detail.  With the two hour version you miss out on a lot of the important aspects which can lead to some confusion in the storyline.  It is still a well made movie with good acting (much better than Frank Herberts version, with a budget of about $20) For those people that did enjoy this, Sci Fi channel runs the extended version about once a year.
B000056K04|3.0|alright kids heres the lowdown of why this cd isnt one of the spectacular epics that have come before it...Dave's record company RCA thought Dave's music was getting too depressing and felt he would not sell (obviously ridiculous).  dave had this album done in June of 2000 with some arrangements to be polished...he had many of the great songs that we listened to during his tour like grey street but instead the company made him throw out the whole project and start anew by firing their long time producer, the great never let us down Steve Lillywhite.  they brought in a more upbeat poppy producer by the name of Glen Ballard and he totally changed every aspect that made dave well dave.  dave makes music that shows his soul and he had to throw away his project and complete this album in 10 days.  worst of all ballard wrote the music for everyone's parts except for dave.  yes the reason there are no magnificent solos is because ballard is a dip.  he played keyboard on the album and do you notice on songs like angel you can here the keyboard over the boyd leroi carter and stefan.  he is a powerhungry goof who wouldnt know how to put an album together if his life depended on it.  now i am not dissing this album by all means.  i am complaining about the way and the reasons that it was made.  the album does have one song that actually does sound like the dave in it was coming out.  what you are is as close youll get to a dave song.  the rest of the songs are decent to good and can be very radio friendly (what RCA had planned all along).  no song even broke the 5 minute mark which is totally unlike dave.  there are no solos whatsoever so what i truly believe was that dave was the only person in the band that ballard wanted to bring out and thats absolute garbage.  its a shame that the best instrumentalists in the world were not allowed to show their stuff.  hopefully dave and gang will fight back against RCA and eventually put concert greats like Grey Street and Bartender back on an album that should have been released last year.
B00000ILE7|4.0|I've seen all the movies in this series several times (except for Alien: Resurrection, which I have attempted to block from my consciousness completely), and somehow this one has ended up as my favourite. It isn't perfect by any means -- but it could have been. Many reviewers have already mentioned the style of the direction and the dark, brooding atmosphere of the production. There are scenes in this film that leave me quite breathless, such as the autopsy and of course the ending. Yes, the premise of the plot is ridiculous (a semi-abandoned prison planet with a foundry and a bizarre monastic subculture??? OhhhKayyy...), but if you are prepared to suspend your disbelief that far, you have to admit it creates a great claustrophobic, creepy setting with some fascinating characters.<br />The quality of the acting was superb all-around; this film has a fabulous cast of supporting actors, including Charles Dance, Charles Dutton, Paul McGann, and the woefully underused Pete Postlethwaite. I would have liked to see more of most of these characters, and I found them much more three-dimensional than most of the cast of the first two films. I loved the relationship between Ripley and the doctor, although I was disappointed at the rather pointless way he died. I would have preferred to see this character die in a more heroic or useful way, but I think it is a testimony to Dance's performance that I actually cared about his character.<br />Many people have complained about the way Hicks and Newt were killed off, claiming this negates the entire emotional involvement of Ripley in the second movie. I don't agree. To me, it served to drive the point home that this creature has managed to destroy everything and everyone that Ripley cares about. It adds to the generally bleak atmosphere of this film, in comparison with the others. Alien was a slasher flick set in space. Aliens was a bug-hunt with a happy ending (not that there's anything wrong with that). Alien 3 evoked the true horror of the creature--the impossibility of escape--and the true horror of humanity as well.<br />As for the script...well, there are some memorable pieces of dialogue. There is some bad writing as well, mostly caused by the haste of the studio to wrap up the project. Near the end it degenerates into another bug-hunt, but with some very spooky scenes. The echoing voices, the torches, the moving shadows, all very well done. The alien itself wasn't so impressive, true. It was more frightening when it was only hinted at, rather than seen. But to be honest, I didn't find the CGI aliens in the fourth movie so impressive, either. <br />So...you'll decide for yourself whether you like this one or not. Everyone seems to have a strong opinion on it. Mine is that this could have a brilliant movie, which ended up being brilliant only in spots and mediocre in others...but for me, the brilliant spots are worth more than the other films combined.
B000056N8X|5.0|I loved this movie when I saw it at the movie theater, and I love the DVD version even more! The additional scenes in the DVD add so much, especially the ending. I would like to thank the producers for such a great DVD release. I didn't expect to see so many extras, but there is so much cool stuff in this 2-disc set. The hour-long behing the scenes featurette is very good. Christopher Lambert and Adrian Paul have some great scenes together in this movie. The soudtrack features some of the most beautiful music that I have ever heard. <br />Peter Davis and William Panzer, I hope your listening -- I really want to see another Duncan Macleod movie with Kate, Joe, and Methos. I would also like to see the original Highlander movie rereleased on DVD with a 2-disc set. I would like to see two versions of the movie. One version would be the current director's cut, and the other cut would be a new cut that fit into the continuing Highlander stories. This new cut would take out the references to Connor winning the Prize. With this new DVD set, I feel like you could please both fans of the original movie as well as those who are fans of the continuing adventures.
B00000G3PA|2.0|I remember seeing this film in 1998 with my sisters and my uncle.  They seemingly enjoyed it, but for some reason, I was left feeling like something wasn't quite right with this film. After discussing it with soe people, I came to the realization that I was overwhelmed by visuals and none of the plot had come through.  There is literally none of the good plotpoints that I appreciate in films, just characters trying to smart off to the camera and more.  There are basically sure signs all over this film (aside from all those billboard ads and newspaper articles that summer):<br />1)Overture narration to destruction, by Charlton Heston (He was Moses &amp; President of the NRA.  And he seems to be the king of religously overtoned narration).<br />2)Small meteor destruction in: NEW YORK CITY?!!  Whenever anything wants to be destroyed, we go straight to New York. Why? simple, big buildings to crush, more people to annihilate to make your sympathy meter rise, and the basic fact that a meteor in the middle of the state of Iowa might be realistic, but who'd watch it?<br />3)The oil drilling lot: yep, those guys who drive tough ford trucks and chevys.  These guys who don't take crap, work long hours, and look good in suspenders.  The everyman,who doesn't take crap from anyone: and they are going to save the world.<br />4)The hardware to prepare for a meteor the size of Texas: yep, NASA has had these super-heavy duty rockets sitting around for years, as well as this 6 wheeled space rover.  Another prime example of how did this get here?  That's the American tax dollars at work: covering up the truth til the time comes.<br />5)love scenario: boy loves girl, girl has dad, dad is boy's boss, dad does not like boy fooling around with girl, dad tries hates boy, but boy wants dads respect.  The plot is so corny (as well as the &quot;animal cracker discovery channel&quot; segment) that I did not find anything romantic about it.<br />6)Possibility of mission failure, we can detonatea nuclear warhead and kill everyone up there, saving ourselves, but they can turn it off, but wew turn it on and we have a man up there trying to keep it on, but he may have doubts about seeing his little girl again and so we have to work togehter with about 10 seconds left on the clock to save our hides(whew!).Now that was just corny!<br />Well, that should be enough, but it seems only natural that the American public would flock to this movie making it the hit of 1998 (the only other time I've seen a worse flocking to a film was for MI:2).  Now, with &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; coming this summer, will Jerry Bruckheimer and Michael Bay stick to their &quot;American as apple pie&quot; style of movie making?  Let's hope not.
B000002KY8|5.0|Let me get this out of the way first...i'm kinda surprised this album doesn't have a parental advisory by now. A few choice words are used in oh-so-blantant ways. So beware of letting the younger ones hear this. It was this album (not Purple Rain) that eventually started the Parental Advisory thing anyway. Okay...i kind of admire Prince for putting out a record as ballsy as this was in 1982, and even today. Whereas there are many hit singles (1999, Little Red Corvette, Delirious, the unsuccessful Let's Pretend We're Married), many of the songs are upwards of 7 minutes long, and come off as sounding like extended danceable jams. Most popular albums still consist of songs really no longer than 5 or 6 minutes, usually with plenty of instrumentation or lyrics. But not Prince...he may as well have been improvising! But that's one of the things that makes the album so strong-it's not very mainstream in its entirety but it sounds great to just about anyone. Of course, with the exception of about 3 ballads, you can dance to these songs. DMSR, with the refrain of Dance, Music, Sex, Romance is a perfect example, clocking in at around 8 minutes. Let's Pretend We're Married lays the sexuality aspect of Prince on thick, and even makes me a bit uncomfortable towards the end with some of his ramblings, and that says quite a bit! (This number is definitely not for immature ears.) If there was a low point to this album, it would have to be the title track, which has received substantial airplay at both the turn of the century and throughout the 80's and 90's. Also, the catch-phrase &quot;party like it's 1999&quot; is the 1982 version of today's &quot;Whazzzup?&quot;, if you get my drift. The Top Ten hit Little Red Corvette sounds as sweet and enjoyable today after many years of both personal play and radio attention. Free is a touching ballad, whereas International Lover is a serenade that sounds as if it belonged on one of Prince's prior albums, most likely Controversy. Either way,it's still a great song. Honorable mentions are Something In The Water (does not compute), Lady Cab Driver, and especially the stark All The Critics Love U In New York. This is definitely worth the money. This ranks up among Purple Rain and Dirty Mind as one of Prince's best and most daring.
B000056K04|4.0|The word &quot;sellout&quot; popped into my head when I watched a interview with the band concerning &quot;Everyday&quot;, with a new producer came some changes...not necessarily for the good but not necessarily bad. &quot;Everyday&quot; has been extremly commercialized and the released single &quot;I did it&quot; even has itself a cheesey but humorous music video, but regardless of all these things that are foreign to DMB, it's still DMB. While yes, all the tracks are pretty radio friendly, I think they're more fun, catchy, and faster than the usual dave which is kind of cool. With dave on electric guitar it just gives him another chance to amaze his fans with his talent, let's face he just happens to be a genius. Among the best tracks on the Cd I would have to say &quot;When the world ends&quot; &quot;The spaces between&quot; and &quot;Everyday&quot; are my favorites so far. For those die hard Dave fans who are apprehensive about the new sound...don't be it'll grow on you, it just proves that Dave can't strike out and that a little change now and then is for the best.
B00003JRCQ|3.0|I had recently seen Pride and Prejudice with Colin Firth before I purchased 'Persuasion' with Amanda Root and this may have been the problem.  I fell in love with [P&amp;P] the depth of the characters and attention paid to every detail including and especially the beautiful music.  I was disappointed after watching 'Persuasion' and can't quite put my finger on why.  You aren't left with the feeling of knowing the characters and it almost seems that it is over before it begins.  Very slow and confusing in some parts.  I admit I had to use the rewind button several times and use the subtitles.  It's a good thing I knew the plot of the story before I began watching.
B000002HH2|5.0|One of those rare records that is simultaneously intimate but also very accessable. I liked it when it first came out, but lately it has re-emerged from my stacks into my frequent play pile... One of the great headphone albums of all time, and one of the most important albums of the last decade. Bjork's genius lies in her taking what is inside her head and splashing it across your mind... and if you listen well, nothing is lost in the translation. Her images are simultaneously beautiful and alien.
B00003CXDF|2.0|Recycle the plot of Hitchcock's Notorious and dress it up with hot motorcycles and computerized special effects and you've got this flick.  I like Tom and enjoy the action sequences but the film has no soul.  Rent it, but don't buy it, even when the price goes down.
0792845668|5.0|This is the most tubular movie evermade man! It is so Dante's INfernoesque! I Loved it and so will you! This is a Hell Raising experience that everyine should have the opprirunity to see! Go NOW! Got get it! GO OWN IT NOW!
0767817486|4.0|Reading some of these previous reviews is quite interesting in that in some of the critiques there is so much speculation as to what really happened to Billy Hayes in Turkey and what's a product of the Hollywood movie/money making machine.I've even read other reviews where some viewers are debating with others about foreign prisoner policies or lack of,etc.,etc.Only the real Billy Hayes knows how much info he has told the public.Some critics see his time spent in Turkey prison as a period of martyrdom.While others just remember his act that got him there in the first place as moronic. All I want to do is review this movie based on,well, the movie itself...No political debates, questions, agendas or issues here.<br />The movie was very suspenseful right from the get go.Giorgio Moroder's musical score,while such synthesizer work seems so outdated by today's standards now,adds to the intensity;eerie electronic effects,etc. Who can forget the famous Chase theme. The late Brad Davis was perfectly cast.You see his fine acting in the film as he transforms from a wide-eyed and naive, yet intelligent(or not so) American in a foreign land into a  violent, maniacal,and broken down prisoner who reaches subhuman level.  In fact, it's astonishing how another actor 20 some years later strongly resembles him in almost every way;Brad Pitt.Minus the fact one had black hair, the other is blonde. It would be incredible to see Midnight Express re-made with Pitt in the lead role...Randy Quaid was also memorable as the hyper and tempestuous cell mate planning the first escape.John Hurt's character serves as the voice of reason which is a contracdiction since he's mostly stoned throughout the film and in the same prison for his own crime.The cinematography is foreign (pun intended), gritty, grimy and has plenty of shady/sleazy characters from the consolate(actor Bo Hopkins),lawyers, and court system to the other inmates.The prison warden is nothing more than probably a criminal himself andfits every bit the stereotypical prison villain one can expect in a film who abuses his authority and relishes releasing his own personal brand of hell upon the inmates...The ending of the film is something else.Just as I felt the nervous intensity from the beginning, I felt it in my gut at the end !<br />Again, if the powers that be and Hollywood's listening,re-make this film with Brad Pitt and see what we get. Probably shadings of other characters he's played from the lunatic in 12 Monkeys to what we see now in his latest film The Mexican and other various films...Give me credit for the idea if it get's done (yeah, right).
B000050XEI|3.0|Made in CAN in 2000, Serial# 2-85986, Playing Time 37:35<br />I like ENYA, but I'm not an unconditional fan.<br />This is Enya's 6th album (incl. &quot;Paint...&quot;), and presents us once again with charming &quot;dreamy&quot; melodies. Every once in a while, I play a CD and at the end, I'm hungry for more: one of those &quot;is it already over?&quot;<br />Well in this case, it's already over because it's short, not because I wanted more; it's a lovely album, but I found it quite un-inspired: it's like a weak &quot;Shepherd Moons&quot;; I feel like she's writing with a recipe: the sounds are typical, the vocal arrangements are beautiful but predictable; the keyboard playing, with the use of &quot;synthesized&quot; strings, is generally basic.<br />Nothing here that feels &quot;creative&quot;, except perhaps &quot;One By One&quot;, where some sound textures are a bit innovative for her genre.<br />I enjoyed this (short) disc, but it's probably the last one I would buy if I didn't have any of her other albums; or maybe it would be the first, because it's all better after this: if you like ADWR, you'll LOVE her others...
B000056K04|2.0|Hey, whats up people out there.<br />I'm just hear warning you about DMB's new cd, EVERYDAY.<br />Boy was this pothetic! Some might enjoy it but they must not be vets.<br />I'm the type of fan who loves, absolutely loves remember two things and Under the table and dreaming.  Both of them are simply put, PERFECTION.  They have been produced perfectly, sung perfectly, and played perfectly.  From my favorites seek up and Jimi Thing ito satellite, minarets, ants marching, typical situation, the rare #34, the best of whats around, etc.  Every song is just perfect (with maybee of exception of Rhyme and reason).  Seriously if you like DMB at all, you must buy them.  Can you be a real DMB fan without them...??? NAW!! you must buy them<br />But this is not a review of praise, its the crack on the new cd.  Obviously ever since o say, UTTAD, the band has been moving towards a more &quot;riffy&quot; and &quot;rock&quot; comercial sound, not the classic blend of roi blowing the sax, boyd going berserk on his violin, c. b. remaining top drummer in the land, and stefan lessard and dave himself keepin it real with the ACOUSTIC GUITARS.  But on thsi album, there is electric guitar.  ELECTRIC!!!! I konw dave smokes a whole lot (hehehe) hell hes even writen songs about it (jimi thing and tripping billies come to mind) but he must have done some bad combo.  The electrci guitars literally sound like cr@p.  And whats up with this; all tracks under 4:30 and I don't hear my fav parts:  tinsley and leroi moore untill 15 minuts in. <br />This is just a shallow production, with a lame @ss producer!<br />Don't buy it, just download the space between if you can bear to listen to it and prey they tour with their old songs.  Cross your fingers!
6305090564|4.0|Before director Stepehn Sommers directed his smash hit The Mummy, he directed this film - Deep Rising. Deep Rising is a film on the sam level as The Mummy, with great comic timing and enough scares to balance it out and making it enjoyable for all audiences. Treat Williams does an adequite job in his role of Finnegan, a captain who's in way over his head. But it is Femke Jennsen as the beautiful theif Trillian (where'd Sommers' get these names?) who's both ravashing and comical. Kevin J. O'Connor gives a &quot;Beni&quot;-like performance, but he's playing for the good guys this time and his role works well for the film. The visual effects (done buy DreamQuest Images), are not quite ILM, but they definately verve their purpose to the tune of many jump-out-of-your-seat thrills. As did The Mummy, Deep Rising begs for a sequel (The Mummy is getting one on May 4 - The Mummy Returns, which so far looks awesome!). I'd love to revisit the characters and have some more fun in Stephen Sommers world of sweeping adventure and off-beat characters giving memorable one-liners.
B00000IAU3|5.0|WOW...This is by far the best CD I have purchased in the last couple of years. Dido is an incredibly talented artist.  Each song is amazingly different from the previous; listening to the album is like taking a relaxing journey (a breath of fresh air).  Treat yourself to this treasure, you will not be disappointed.
B0000089N1|4.0|This album was ok.  It was the one that got me hooked onto stabbing westward. it was really cool.  Then i bought the other cds and this one didnt look so cool.  With Blister Peel + Burn was much better.  This cd was really well mixed just the quality wasnt as hardcore as it used to be.  Emotions are easily felt with the the songs.  Waking Up Beside You is the best track on the cd.  Chris does excelent work on the lyrics probably the best he ever has. Over all it is a good cd.  I would still recomend Wither and Ungod more though.
0446677450|5.0|Brilliant... Kiyosaki opened my eyes. I searched for a method to realise my financial dreams. Rich Dad, Poor Dad, provided me with the insight and vision.<br />Rich Dad, Poor Dad preempted me to read more into financial planning and tax law. I arrived unemployed in a new country and could not help but notice the mass marketing thrown in my face to BUY, BUY, And BUY. Spend money, not even on &quot;real&quot; assets.<br />Kiyosaki is right, take ownership of your own finances. Learn as much as you can to assist yourself financially. Don't succumb to the mass influences.
0451197968|5.0|Citizen-neglecting government.  Truth of horrible realism.  Self-serving, spiteful nation.  These are a few of the themes that are portrayed in Stephen King's novel The Running Man.  This action packed thriller is one of King's best novels.      There are 100 chapters in The Running Man, and at only 300 pages, there are only three pages in a chapter on average, giving this book an excellent plot and lots of action.  There are many characters in the story, but the major character is Ben Richards, who enters a contest in the future in hopes of winning money to buy medicine for his daughter who has an unknown disease.      The game is called 'The Running Man' and the game is just as it sounds.  The contestants will be set loose onto the world where he will try to survive his enemy - the world.  The individual who successfully kills Richards receives ten thousancd dollars from the government who runs the series of life-taking game shows including Treadmill to Bucks where heart-attack and stroke prone contestants run until they drop.      Ben Richards must survive the horde for one month or die.  He lays his trust on no one; doing so will get him killed.  He must also survive the hunters, a trained group of people who's jobs are to hunt down and kill the contestants.  Richards will do anything, incluiding killing others to survive, if not for the money, then to spite the government.      The Running Man is a great book that any thrill-seeker would enjoy.  It's a short read, only being about 300 pages, but a good one.
B000056K04|5.0|When BTCS came out, I thought that that was the ultimate eclectic departure for America's best Jamband.  But then i am amazed with the newest compilation by the Dave Matthews Band.  From song one, &quot;I Did It&quot;, things are different.  All of the sudden, there's an electric guitar throwing out this unforgetably disgusting riff that screams change.  The album progresses to favorites, &quot;The Space Between&quot;, the &quot;Rhyme and Reason&quot;-like &quot;So Right&quot;, &quot;If i had it all&quot;, the creative &quot;Sleep to Dream Her&quot; and onto &quot;MotherFather&quot; and the title track &quot;Everyday&quot;.   With a few fill in songs, what you get is the most different Dave CD ever.  But did i say that was bad?  Not at all!  This is the best thing to happen to the band and, after careful consideration, the best CD they've ever done.  I can't wait to hear it live.
0440224764|5.0|John Grisham's, &quot;The Partner&quot;, is a great novel that had my attention from the beginning.  As John Grisham so often does, he pulled me into this story from the very beginning.  A fast start that involved the torture of a runaway lawyer who was presumed dead four years earlier was Grisham's thrilling start.  In past novels that I have read by John Grisham, he usually takes a certain path at the beginning of the book and sticks with it.  However, in &quot;The Partner&quot;, he did the exact opposite by taking many different branches of the story and then tying them all together as the story developed.  Patrick Lanigan, the runaway lawyer, is the protagonist of this story that is not easily distinguished from the onset of the story.  He watched his own funeral from a tree in the woods.  He simply comes into his role as the story begins to take shape and progress even though you may not like him from the first few chapters.  This story is simply to good to give away and has many legal twist and turns that will simply boggle your mind.  Of the Grisham books that I have read, this one has done the best job of keeping my attention and making me wonder what will come next.  This is a must read for any Grisham fans and a must read for readers who simply enjoy a good read.
6302973724|5.0|I always thought of Depeche Mode as a very sympathetic band with a number of good songs, but when I saw this concert I saw a passion that cannot be discribed. You simply have to see for yourself, and then you will understand why it is called devotional.
B000059RL3|5.0|This is it, the finest soul album of all time, here, beautfully presented on its 30th anniversary. If you don't own this album, you must get, any other review on here will tell you why this is a masterpiece. If you own one of the first generation CDs of this, replace: those sound terrible, as the result of using a 3rd generation tape to master it. The reissue Motown released a few years ago was a vast improvement, but it is irrelevent after this. The sound is great, the extra 2 hours of tracks (including live performaces of all original tracks) is genius. Possibly the best reissue I've ever seen, definitely in a long time. Well down Motown and Tamla.
B000005S37|4.0|Well, I ain't got a lot of need to say ANYTHING here, but I thought I'd note that, assuming this is the Buddha Records rerelease, it not only has the original cover art, but interviews with Lou and some historical contextualization in the liner notes, by David Fricke. For what its worth, I don't even KNOW why I feel the need to own this disc, but, damn, I do.
0684853523|4.0|This book is impressive for several reasons, but especially because it is unconventional and honest. Stephen King developed his own format--one part autobiography, one part writing manual--and it is quite successful. But as is sometimes the case, the reason for the book's success is also, to some degree, its drawback.<br />We get a somewhat detailed summary of King's life and his ideas about writing, but it seems that a complete book could have been written about either subject. However, his attempt and success at writing a pithy source of writing wisdom is to be highly regarded. After all, Strunk and White's, &quot;The Elements of Style&quot; is composed of 85 pages. King reveals a good deal of wisdom in his pages, and he is to be taken seriously. Very few writers have managed to create the shear volume of material that King has written. No matter how we regard King's writing, we must admit he has practice.<br />Though the pages of the book devoted to writing are excellent, it is almost more interesting to learn about King's development as a writer. A person who argues that this book is mostly for aspiring writers should, perhaps, think again. Those who enjoy reading may gain some insight into written creativity and the creation of fiction. Furthermore, King's autobiography is compelling: we finally glimpse the king of horror-fiction's background. How many people have asked, &quot;What kind of person comes up with stories like that?&quot; Now we know.<br />This is one of the better books that I have read this year. I ocassionaly turn down King novels because I am not interested in the content. However, &quot;On Writing&quot; is outstanding in both form and content. It is a wonderful read.
B00000J2KY|5.0|The best Stanley Kubrick film I've ever seen in my life.  James Mason is at his best in this film than in any other film I've seen him in.  Sue Lyon is just beautiful and less sleezy than in the 1998 remake which I thought was the stupidest remake of a movie I saw.  The film doesn't seem like it goes on for two-and-a-half hours, and, like the Motion Picture Guide says, it is fun and full of unexpected moments.  I don't care if Vladimir wrote the screenplay differetly from the book, it's just a wonderful film about a man who is fatuously in love with a twelve-year-old.
0553573403|5.0|Contains scenes that have left me at times breathless, with tears in my eyes and a smile on my face, and at times &quot;scourged&quot; (to use one of the author's favorite verbs). I find myself rereading passages and pages in amazement. Gritty, shocking and wonderful! The best I've read in a long, long time. Thank you Mr. Martin!
B00000099Y|5.0|This CD is so good. Anyone with any appreciation for any type of music can appreciate this CD. From Led Zepplin's Spirit and Pink Floyds originality to KoRn's riffs these guys to it just as good and sometimes (most of the time better) Every song and interlude on this CD is so good. If you like Led Zepplin, Pink FLoyd, KoRn, Deftones anyone with heart and emotional lyrics and hard riffs and crazy wierd ... solos, This IS IT BUY IT NOW!!!!!!
0823003035|5.0|This book was very insightful on drawing in a style that gives you leverage on how to do it with feeling...reading this book gave me some direction on how to do it with passion..with some art books don't do..all thumbs up on this one..any book you should own on drawing should be this one...It help me in every way....A very special artist
6305657947|4.0|&quot;The Thomas Crown Affair&quot; is a Change of Pace for Director John McTiernan, after Action Fests like &quot;Die Hard&quot;, &quot;Predator&quot; and the Recent &quot; The 13th Warrior&quot;. But for Pierce Brosnan, it's another &quot;Slick Suited, Smooth Talking Man of Empecable Taste&quot; Role. Is This Typecasting... I Don't Really Care.<br />After all the Fuss about Catherine Zeta Jones' age difference to her Leading man Sean Connery in Entrapment, Critics were happy to see Pierce and Rene get together in this film. I didn't think It would help the film at all, but it does. It turns out to be a far more Realistic and Believeable film, how much that has due to the Casting I don't know, but for me It works much better.<br />Pierce and Rene, both over 40, look great and their Romance is Riviting. The whole film is so Enjoyable to look at you never notice if the pace lags because you just ain't paying Attention.. Too much Eye Candy. The Few Action Scenes are Brilliantly Handled (John McTiernan knows the terain)and the Numerous Scores are Very Above Average. A Top Effort in All Departments.
0808524445|5.0|.<br />There can be no better way to increase a child's confidence in his use of language than playing games with words. <br />Dr Seuss' &quot;Fox in Socks&quot; will take children on a voyage. They will giggle with all the words that rhyme. They will laugh at all the words that spill across the pages, and they will start to see that even nonsense words can sometimes be something special.<br />Children will learn that a few simple words can be put together in endless combinations.  They will see that language can have structure and a story can be built upon the simplest of ideas.<br />Dr Seuss gets us to focus on and practice all the tricky sounds that make up our words and sometimes cause us to be lazy with our speech. He takes us from a &quot;quick trick brick stack&quot; to one made of blocks, chicks and clocks. <br />Lots of little tongues have trouble pronouncing Ls. Let them loose on Luke Luck likes lakes&quot;.<br />On a more serious note it could be expected that children who occasionally stumble or stutter with their words may benefit from immersing themselves in the wonderful world of Dr Seuss' &quot;Fox in Socks&quot;.<br />The pictures, once you get to know the style, really grow on you. You just have to keep coming back for more.
B000056K04|4.0|Having listened to DMB for almost 7 years now, I was a little concerned to hear they had changed their format, yet excited at the same time. Though the music on this CD is slightly different from most of the band's old stuff, it is still Dave, and I am glad that I bought it. The only problem that I have is the lack of true &quot;lyrics&quot;, and also the VERY noticeable absence of Leroi and Boyd. The lyrics on several of the tracks are almost child-like, and the influence of the new producer (Glen Ballard) is very obvious. Just as Ballard made Aerosmith a pop group, so is he working on DMB. This may be great for the band, and I am proud of them, but it dilutes the music, and removes many of the things that made Dave Matthews the Dave Matthews BAND. Overall though, it is worth the purchase, if for nothing but to listen to &quot;The Space Between&quot;, &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers&quot; and &quot;If I Had it All&quot;.
B000056K04|3.0|The first 6 songs are really good but starting with the 7th song the album loses steam. Maybe it is just me, but this album in my opinion could have been done differently, I dont think bringing Glen Ballard in to produce this album helped them much. I was expecting more i guess. I had high hopes on this new album after seeing them perform in concert 4 times last summer. They unvailed new songs then such as Grace is Gone, Bartender, John the Revalator, The Raven, Grey Street. So i had a good idea what the new album would be like or i at least thought i did. At R.F.K Stadium in Wash. D.C last summer, Dave said a few of the songs mentioned above would be on the new album. Well Dave where are they!!! The best thing about Dave Matthews Band concerts are the jams they stretch their songs into. Who doesnt love a 23 minute version of Two Step. 18 minute version of Best of Whats Around. I really dont see a single song on this album that will play any longer in concert than it does on this album. And at $55.00 a concert ticket now, back i 94 i paid 15 dollars to see them in D.C at the Bayou. I just think it could have been done awhole lot better!!! But that is my opinion..
0316548189|5.0|Since his release in Febuary 1990, Nelson Mandela has emerged as the world's most significant moral leader since Gandhi. The book A Long Walk to Feedom describes Nelson's incredible life.     Nelson grew up a a foster son of a Thembu chief. In his childhod Nelson had to juggle two different worlds:the traditional culture of his tribe, and the hostile reality of a white dominated nation. Nelson was interested in the law but his growing political awareness moved him to become more avtively engaged, and he played a critical role in the formation of the ANC Youth League. In the early 1950's Nelson initiated his defiance campaign against the discrimia-tory policies of the South African government. Nelson also argued for non-violent resistance to aparthied. However, following the Sharpeville massacre in 1960 his positioned changed and he was forced underground to aviod the newly-imposed ban on the ANC.      The horrors at Sharpville hardened Mandela and he took a new course of &quot;non terrorist&quot; action. This new course was aimed at the state but he hoped that it would prevent civilian unrest.In 1964 Nelson was arrested and was sentenced to imprisonment for life on charges of sabotage, treason, and violent conspiracy against the South African regime.Nelson for the next 27 years suffered through it mostly at Robben Island.      After getting out of prison, Nelson was years behind the rest of the world and did not even know what a microphone was. This did not stop Nelson from being the savior of his people. Nelson was now huge in popularity and the ANC won an astonishing victory in the multi-ratial elctions of 1994. Nelson Mandela had become South Africa's first black President!           After reading A Long Walk to Freedom, I realized that people can do amazing things. I really enjoyed this book and my favorite part were all of Nelson's vivid descriptions. For example, when Nelson described his prison cell, I could almost feel the pain he was going through. My leastfavorite part of this book is when Nelson had to wait years in jail while his people were suffering in the outside world. Nelson also describes the pain he felt  because he wanted to help them but their was nothing he could do. I suggest A Long Walk to Freedom to everyone over the age of 14 and rate this book 5 out of 5 stars.
B000056K04|3.0|The release of DMB's album motivated my conditioned anticipation for the music's unpredictable unfolding.  Curiosity dissipated as repetitive meters and unison refrains became disappointingly predictable.  I was unable to thrive on the constrasting musical elements; a trade mark of DMB's unique, interwoven patterns.  Dynamic influence of the band as a unit is a missing link, as the style moves closer to the ideals of a mainstream audience.  As a loyal fan, I will listen to Everyday, everyday, in attempt to appreciate what the band considers their best album yet.
B000056K04|4.0|If you think you are going to hear more of Dave's insightful lyrics backed by the bands complex music. You will be disappointed. This cd is loaded with very simple lyrics backed by very basic music and  if it was done by anyone other than DMB it would be an incredible cd. However,  we expect someting diffrent from this band and not everyone adjust well to change. I have old enjoyed by Dave's great lyrics and this cd doe not have them. But, I admit  I have listen to this cd about 20 times since last week and it gets better everytime. Highlights include Space Between, What you are and Mother, Father.  These songs should be incredible in concert. So pick it up and get ready for the tour!!!!
B000003BDJ|5.0|The Rolling Stones have continued to &quot;roll&quot; as one of the world's greatest rock bands for over a generation now.  The Stones reached the zenith of their popularity at the beginning of the seventies decade shortly after the disbanding of the Beatles; this is when the group formed their own record label.  The Stones were the London label's biggest money maker throughout the sixties; so when they left, the label decided to produce a double LP set of almost all of their greatest hits.  This is a collection of hit songs that will be a pleasure to listen to for both new fans too young to remember when this collection was first released and old timers like myself who lived through the first wave of the British Invasion of the sixties.  If you're wondering why a few of their hit songs like &quot;It's All Over Now&quot;, &quot;The Last Time&quot;, &quot;Have You Seen Your Mother Baby, Standing In The Shadow?&quot;, and a few others aren't included in this collection, it's because they can be found on their follow-up release &quot;More Hot Rocks (Big Hits and Fazed Cookies)&quot;.  Anyone desiring to obtain a collection of the Stones greatest hits has to get both &quot;Hot Rocks&quot; and &quot;More Hot Rocks&quot;
B000005YZM|5.0|This album is an amazing accomplishment no matter how it is examined by the listener. This album rivals the greats in its genre (Pet Sounds, S.F. Sorrow, Sgt. Pepper, Piper at the Gates of Dawn). This is a MUST for any fan of the psycedelic era of music. The song writing is very mature and the production makes it come alive in a way that can only be understood by listening to it. The engineering is a triumph in and of itself. One of the great things about it is that the entire recording is on the CD twice. Once in Stereo and another in Mono. This really gives you a chance to hear the raw recording in mono and finally appreciate the genious of vision when you hear it in stereo. Have I made it clear yet? Buy this and you won't be dissappointed!
B000056K04|3.0|It's strange that Dave Matthews Band's newest studio release is titled Everyday. After all, the word &quot;everyday&quot; carries a sense of normality and routine. But with new producer Glen Ballard behind the board, the band's new album is not your &quot;everyday&quot; DMB record. Dumping longtime producer Steve Lillywhite for Ballard (best known for his biggest contribution to pop music: Alanis Morrisette's Jagged Little Pill), Everyday has turned into a product belonging only to Matthews and Ballard. After the the two wrote 12 songs together in L.A., they invited the rest of the band to record them. In an &quot;everyday&quot; DMB recording session, Matthews would usually play a few licks on the guitar and the remaining four would gradually join in to create the full sound. But when bassist Stefan Lessard, violinist Boyd Tinsley, sax player Leroi Moore and drummer Carter Beauford arrived in Los Angeles, Ballard had charted out the songs on paper for each musician to follow during the recording process, thus eliminating the creative process and input that the entire quintet had produced in the band's previous three studio albums. The result is a collection of songs that fail to capture the essence of Dave Matthews Band - an essence that usually features an album of performances, not routine recording sessions. The album totally changes DMB's change of pace, evident by its 50 minute-51 second duration (compared to the previous three records that lasted well over an hour). All the songs are short, limiting band members to minimal musical expression. Also, the songs contain the influence of Ballard's rock/pop feel throughout. Gone are the fun grooves as the rhythms of Beauford (arguably the best drummer in the business) are limited to rock and pop. Gone are the constant melodic riffs that underlie a typical DMB track as bassist Lessard is reduced to following typical rock progressions. But most notably absent are the talents of Moore and Tinsley, who's saxophone and violin, respectively, are featured at a minimum on Everyday. The album's first single, &quot;I Did It,&quot; opens the CD with a funky rock feel and a rocking guitar lick. Noticeable throughout the record is the replacement of Matthews' constant acoustic six-string companion with an electric baritone guitar introduced to him by Ballard. &quot;When the World Ends&quot; possesses a funky pop feel - a rather bright groove mixed with dark lyrics. The song draws striking similarities to Morrisette's (and Ballard's) &quot;You Learn.&quot; &quot;So Right&quot; is another song with a rock/pop feel to it, but suffers lyrically with cliches of love. It is also one of two songs on the CD that features the talents of sax player Moore in a rare solo. &quot;If I Had it All,&quot; on the other hand, contains much more lyrical content as the bridge features Matthews expressing his current state of emptiness in convincing fashion. &quot;Angel&quot; is a sweet love song that opens with a nice, but short-lived duet between Matthews and Moore. &quot;Fool To Think&quot; is an interesting track. The song's main lick sounds a lot like the Police's &quot;Message In a Bottle,&quot; again showing the influence musicians like Stewart Copeland, Andy Summers and Sting have had on DMB. The song again showcases Moore in a short sax solo. &quot;Sleep to Dream Her&quot; is Matthews' poetic victory on the album. It is also one of the most involved songs for the entire band, showing off the abilities of every member. The verses, however, are heavily dominated by the keyboard playing of Ballard. Nevertheless, this rock ballad is one of the best songs on Everyday. Grammy award-winning guitarist Santana is featured on the Spanish-inluenced rock song &quot;Mother Father.&quot; Finally, the title track &quot;Everyday&quot; sounds a bit like &quot;Stay&quot; (from Before These Crowded Streets), containing a rock/pop groove and unusually spiritual and uplifting lyrics. Matthews pays a personal tribute to John Lennon and The Beatles with the lyric: &quot;... All you need is/What you want is/All you need is love ...&quot; Surprisingly, the band followed Ballard's lead with anxiety and optimism. All five members, especially Matthews, feel Everyday is the best album they have recorded in their decade-long history. However, it will probably be a little difficult for hard core DMB fans to embrace the band's change. Fans welcome change in a band that has been around as long as DMB, but changes that move the band forward are more desirable. With Everyday, it appears the quintet has taken a minor step back. Again, Everyday is a very strange title for this album that has left four members of this legendary band in the dark in order to make room for Ballard. A little too ironic, don't you think?
6305627401|4.0|The jokes are funny but that's not why you laugh.  You're laughing at yourself for being entertained by something so over the top and vulgar that you're reminded at the sheer innocent five year old joy you had when you heard the word \\"doody\\" for the first time at kindergarten recess.  Southpark is an exhilarating experience, it's funny and witty but that's not all, it sweeps you off your feet and your jaw drops at the pure manic energy the creators throw at you.<br />But it's more than adrenaline.  It's satire, it's Mac Flecknoe and Modest Proposal rolled into one with a modern twist.  It suggests that critics of contemporary culture are vulgar, their motives confused and contrived and it's about how they become obsessively controlling.  But it's not one sided.  The demonic corruption of young minds is shown in such honest way that you can't help thinking that the censors have a point too.  The boys have foul mouths because they've picked it up from television, and that's true, but there's more to it.  They're rebelling because they know that the world of taboo entertainers, the ones that corporations won't sponsor, are the only people on TV that aren't bought out and packaged to children for profit.  And these are children.  They're confused as to why some words are wrong and others aren't.  It's not because they're naivee but because no one has been able to give them a real answe.<br />It's an incredibly intelligent movie.  The direction is near flawless and the musical numbers near brilliant.  But we won't really be able to tell now.  We'll have to wait 50 years and see if we've made any ground on the free speech vs. morality argument debate.  We'll look back at this film, when the jokes aren't fresh or risky anymore, and be thankful that someone back then had the insanity to expose it all.
B000056K04|4.0|Anticipation for this album has been incredible (at least among my circle of friends).  We are hard-core DMB fans, harkening back to the days of Under the Table...  Obviously, I scooped up &quot;I Did It&quot; as soon as it became available for download.  My first reaction...electric guitar?!?!?!?  This new sound that the band has for the album may take a little getting used to.  <br />The band seems to be taking a more commercial approach to this album, which concerned me after hearing only the first single.  I must say, however, that the &quot;comercial sound&quot; stops with &quot;I Did It.&quot;  It is not a bad song, but it reminds me of the polished release of &quot;What Would You Say?&quot; - they were both made for airplay.  (Actually, &quot;WWYS&quot; was originally very slow).  &quot;The Space Between&quot; is a reminder of Crash's &quot;Cry Freedom,&quot; and my very well be one the most beautiful songs to ever come from Matthews' fingers.  &quot;Everyday&quot; is one of those feel-good songs that leaves the listener tapping and humming along (and it also includes a startling similar riff to #36). <br />I take issue with producer Glen Ballard's choice to keep the tracks somewhat shorter than in the past.  Leroi Moore and Boyd Tinsley's extended solo work are missed, though it can be assumed that they will redeem themselves on the new tour.<br />My opinion of the album?  It is a highly polished work that seems to be designed to really bring the band into mainstream rock.  It is a nice breath of fresh air from the garbage that has become MTV and radio, and it is also a nice change for the band.
020530902X|5.0|Some reviewers here have complained about a perceived rigidity and pedantry concerning this gem of a reference source. To wit: \\"...I think a lot of great writers, paradoxically, began making sense of their writing by abandoning sense and rules (the stuff of editors).\\" or \\"This little book approaches the craft of writing with the sort of dogmatic rigidity usually found in a backwoods cult.\\" These reviewers then go on to rate the book with one or two stars, calling it an \\"odious book\\" or \\"(t)he most overrated manual of all time\\".<br />As a novelist and an essayist, given to great appreciation of experimental forms and known to indulge in them with a fervor, I can say that these types of reviews are themselves narrow-minded and ill informed. One cannot possibly hope to challenge established norms until one has mastered them. Anything less than mastery of the English language in its written form, by those would endeavor to reshape it is only indicative of a mindless arrogance.<br />Artists such as Picasso, Ray, Kandinsky, and Pollock,  revolutionary 20th century imagists who established significant alterations in the way we see art, were master artists who'd taken the time to study and command the issues of composition, balance, and color before ever presuming to break the traditions. Likewise, writers of the ilk of Joyce, Nabokov, and Kesey-individuals who toyed with the language in sometimes shocking and disturbing ways-were first master technicians of the language, knowing precisely how to step outside the box because of their careful apprehension of what is inside the box.<br />This book should be required reading by anyone who undertakes to communicate with the written word. It is concise and clear, and should be as much a part of any author's library as a dictionary and a thesaurus. Know your art, ladies and gentlemen!
B000056K04|5.0|The Dave Matthews Band has gone electric! *Gasp* (instert Bob Dylan reference here) I was a little, actually very skeptical about this cd. I downloaded some clips off napster and I heard I Did It on the radio and thought &quot;wow this is really different&quot;. I had only about 4 songs that I hadn't heard, So Right, When the World Ends, Dreams of Our Fathers, and If I Had it All. I saw the SNL performance and I thought that I Did It sounded horrible. I was left thinking that Glen Ballard had ruined this band, but when I got the cd in the mail today I couldn't have been more wrong. Dave has plugged in, but other than I Did It the electric crunch is not the center piece of the album. It is short, there isn't much if any jamming which had been a DMB trademark, and Boyd Tinsley and LeRoi Moore take somewhat of a back seat. Yet DMB shines through. It is easy to see in songs like So Right, Fool To Think, When the World Ends, and If I Had It All where the classic DMB jams will be inserted live. And what it lacks in jamming this record makes up for in amazing songwriting. One of the reasons Tinsley, and Moore cannot heard as well is because they blend in, creating a full band melody throughout the record that hasn't been heard on many other DMB tunes before. These songs will be great live, and they are great here. This album is concise and to the point, and that isn't a bad thing. It contains some great DMB tunes that will become concert regulars. It is old school DMB with a new electric twists, something almost everyone who can appreciate. Both DMB diehards who own the album, and some people who never listened to DMB because they were scared of the acoustic guitar or violin should own Everyday.
6305364648|5.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger, Jamie Lee Curtis, Bill Paxton and Tom Arnold dazzle in this action adventure thrill ride of movie from director James Cameron (Titanic, Terminator 2, Aliens).  Jim Cameron had a real turn around from his usual Sci-Fi thriller films to an action comedy, which he later followed up on with a different genre of a film- the suspenseful romance drama- Titanic which was said to be one of the greatest films all around.  SCHWARZENEGGER again teams up with JAMES CAMERON for the third time around, following up their past projects together, TERMINATOR and TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY.  Adding to the team are funnyman Tom Arnold, HALLOWEEN'S Jamie Lee Curtis, and James Cameron's great friend Bill Paxton who's worked with Jim Cameron (Terminator, Aliens, Titanic) and Arnold (Terminator, Commando, True Lies) a few times.  The plot of this film was not too typical for its time of 1994, but it is a similar to a James Bond film or Mission: Impossible- the only thing is, it's better than all of them!  It shows you spies and action adventure like you have never seen before!  This movie has got lots of action, romance and comedy!!!  I recommend this movie to anyone and everyone who is looking for a good time!
B000002TQV|5.0|&quot;The Bends&quot; was Radiohead's follow-up release to its mediocre debut album, &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;. Trying to remove themselves from their international hit Creep, the band started to refine its sound on this album. <br />Planet Telex, the opening track, has a haunting feel to it. Maybe it's the fact that Thom did the vocals while piss drunk and hunched in a corner (true story) or perhaps it's the opening bars. <br />The Bends, the title track of the album, is one of the tracks on which you can feel Radiohead trying to break loose of their association with Creep and their desperate try not to be one-hit wonders. The bends is, in real life, a disease of sorts that divers will get from rising to the surface too quickly. It gives them intense muscle cramps and the possibility of bursting a lung is present. Perhaps Thom is saying that the band themselves rose too quickly to the top of the rock charts and that now they were suffering the aftermaths, being dubbed one-hit wonders.<br />The next track proved to change on those reasonings. High and Dry is an exquisitely beautiful song. Peaceful and soothing, Thom's falsetto here is at its best.<br />One of my personal favourite tracks, Fake Plastic Trees, is next. It starts out acoustic and Thom sings in his usual falsetto. The lyrics are haunting and at times humourous (He used to do surgery/for girls in the 80's/but gravity always won). As the song progresses, the sound and lyrics get more intense and there is a climatic peak and then a descent towards the end.<br />Bones isn't my favourite track. I think I'll just skip it here. :o<br />Okay, I'm just going to skip to a few others...<br />The 8th track, My Iron Lung, is a blantant anti-Creep song. Thom's lyrics are sarcastic (We are losing it/can't you tell?) and fed up (This, this is our new song/just like the last one/a total waste of time). The ironic part is that this song is *nothing* like their &quot;last one&quot;, Creep. Johnny does some great guitar on this track, BTW, as well as on Just. <br />I really could go on, but I doubt that anyone will even read down to this part in the first place. So here are my favourite tracks, and the ones I think are lyrically and musically the best on the album: 1,2,3,4,6,7,8,10,11,12. All except two. Bones and Bullet Proof...I Wish I Was.<br />In summary, I think that this is an album that in 10 or 15 years people will still be going to the store and buying it. It's one of the best rock albums of the 90's, in my humble opinion, and is often shadowed by its follow-up, OK Computer.
B000000W5N|5.0|I didn't purchase my first copy of Sticky Fingers until 1974. By then it was a whopping three years old, but was already recognized as a classic album, (although that was a term we bandied around much less whilst all these &quot;classic&quot; albums were being made). Having access to a radio I was naturally familiar with &quot;Brown Sugar&quot; and &quot;Wild Horses&quot; prior to buying my copy. But what really blew me away when I finally did get past the Andy Warhol cover was the songs I hadn't heard. <br />Today it is these songs I crave when I listen to Sticky Fingers. The steadily pushing rhythm of &quot;Can't You Hear Me Knocking,&quot; the pseudo-country twang of &quot;Dead Flowers&quot; and the haunting slide guitar of &quot;Sister Morphine&quot; all combined with some of Mick's most inspired singing ever, make Sticky Fingers a timeless album, poised to be unzipped on a new generation of fans.
0446608955|4.0|This is the fourth novel I have read by Nicholas Sparks.  His words still continue to intrigue me more and more with every new cover I open.  The latest novel I have read was A Walk to Remember.  With its sweet, innocent tale of love, anyone can see how it became a New York Times Bestseller.   In this novel, Landon Carter looks back on how he took on his senior year at Beaufort High in 1958.  He is elected class president and must attend the homecoming dance.  By the time he was elected, &quot;all&quot; the girls were already taken.  He resorted to pulling out his yearbook.  He came across a girl named Jamie Sullivan, he has to look twice.  No one would have ever imagined this shy minister's daughter would be Landon's choice.  They would also never imagine what would eventually come of this date.  Sparks will take each and every reader down Landon's walk which was definitely made to remember.  Keep a box of Kleenex box along side of you and take in Sparks words of faith in a situation such as Landon's and Jamie's.
B00003CWTI|1.0|After watching all the other highly rated movies of 1999 and not being disappointed even once, I turned my sights over to Magnolia. The critical acclaim, academy award nominations, intriguing previews, all-star cast, and the buzz of its 'climactic ending' made me hooked on seeing this movie and I grabbed it once it came on DVD. The first five minutes of the movie started out pretty interestingly, which peaked my interest even more. Unfortunately, this 3+ hour disaster of a film easily tops my list of 'Worst Movie of 1999' and 'Most Disappointing Movie Ever'.<br />The movie becomes boring within the first thirty minutes and not even the cast's impressive performances are able to keep this sinking ship afloat. It circles around several groups of people during a single day. During this day, you're bounced from group to group, cutting out on the scene every time it threatens to become interesting. Much of the dialog is completely pointless and by the end of the movie you start realizing how many of the scenes were totally unnecessary. The only thing that kept me watching was an interest in what this 'climatic ending' was going to be. The climatic ending, when it finally appeared after over three hours of film, was simply absurd. The ending itself left each one of the stories open and without any closure.<br />At least half the movie was dedicated to filling you in on what happened in these people's lives before this day and the rest builds toward piecing itself together. It then completely leaves you hanging on what happens after this day. Aside from one of the stories, you're left completely hanging on what happens to the rest of the stories.<br />Personally, I don't consider movies such as Coyote Ugly and Little Nicky to be the worst movies of the year. You can pretty much tell by the previews, reviews, and poor casting that the movie will be bad before you even start watching it. In my opinion, true 'Worst of the Year' films intrigue you with promises of twisting plots and draw you in with a truck load of super stars, only to leave you frustrated and wishing you had spent your time doing anything but watching it. This is without question, my 'Worst Movie of 1999'.
0553260111|5.0|Though a bit dated (no cell phones or internet, I am only 17 years old), this book is a great read.  It is a great period peice on The Cold War Suspense Thriller and I guess Mr. Ludlum was the originator of this genre.  The story of Jason Bourne, who is shot and thrown overboard in the Mediterranean Sea, only to be washed ashore, discovered, and saved by a Doctor, makes for a fascinating plot.  Bourne suffers from amnesia from this experince and the remainder of the story is Mr. Bourne having to unravel the mystery of who he is, of course there are plenty of murder and mayhem, and seems like every one is out to get Bourne. The book grabbed me from the start and never let go.  I now can't wait to read the Bourne Supremacy.
B00004STUL|5.0|Martin Lawrence is a working-class married man and Will Smith is a rich bachelor with a new woman every night. What could they possibly have in common? Well, they are NARC patners. These 2 actors are great together, and the sparks fly on screen. They have awesome comic chemistry together. <br />After their career drug bust is stolen, they a small amount of time to get it back, with no leads. But after Smith's friend is murdered, her best friend who witnesses tries to contact him. it turns out the murderer is one of the men who stole the drugs. Tea Leoni, as the witness, contacts Smith, but gets Martin Lawrence on the phone instead. Afraid of losing her, he pretends he is Will Smith, and the rest of the film is about the 2 men trying to get the drugs back while juggling their identity switch and the trigger-happy witness, looking to avenge her friend's death.<br />Bad Boys is laugh out loud funny, and the action scenes are some of the best ever. This is a crowd pleaser here. The DVD transfer is equally good, with wonderful sound/picture quality, and a lot of good features.
B000056K04|3.0|I love Dave Matthews. I don't love Everyday. This CD is a good CD, songs are well written and performed, but it does not sound like the DMB I have grown to love. For example, when I listen to a good DMB song, I get goosebumps. So far, I have been goosebump-less.  They are a very unique band, and all of their previous CD's had a very unique sound. This CD is way to poppy. Hopefully they don't perform many of the songs when they are on tour this summer.............
B00003CXAR|5.0|Jaws is on of the best horror movies ever made, dealing with a rogue great white that terrorizes a small beach community. The first half deals with Roy Scheider as the sheriff of the island trying ro maintain order after a couple were found, well, eaten. The second half deals with Sheider, Richard Dreyfuss as the shark expert, and Robert Shaw as the old fisherman in charge of hunting it down. Like the main review, I thought the boat sequence was great, you realize it's the shark doing the hunting! In DTS or Dolby Digital sound you will amazed by the clarity of the sound, and become even more frightend all over again. This is why DVD players were made!
0553573403|5.0|NEVER has a book grabbed me the way this book and its sequels  did. Other reviews have complained that Martin kills off major characters; well, that's true. But what that means is (listen carefully): In these books, you truly do not know what is going to happen!!! You have no clue! That is one of the things that makes them so compelling. Martin is not bound by the usual rules. He is perfectly capable of investing chapter after chapter in developing an intriguing and sympathetic character and then consigning them to death or other unpredictable fate. These books contain adult themes, require concentration to keep track of characters and events, and will leave you incredibly frusrated at the end of the last one you read. You'll wait for the next one and pray that Martin doesn't get hit by a truck or something before he finishes all six planned novels. One last word: The second book is even better than the first and the third is better than the second!
0782008364|5.0|I have to be honest. The only reason I bought the film was because of the steamy love scene between Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly. But after watching the entire movie, I was astounded by how good the film was. It is by the same directors of the Matrix.<br />Tilly is a mob moll looking for a way out, and as she gets on the elevator in her building one day, she meets Corky, a plumber renovating the apartment next door. Fairly soon the two consummate their relationship, and fall in love. After a mobster steals A LOT of money from the mob, Tilly's MALE lover recovers it, and the two women hatch a plan to steal it. <br />But many things go wrong, and they will be lucky to get out of it with their lives. The suspense will leave you on the edge of your seat, guranteed. One of the greatest gangster thrillers in a long time. While the DVD has only the trailer and audio commentary, it boasts great picture/sound. Worth checking out. And for those of you looking for just the love scene, you won't be disappointed. And you will also like to rest of the film, too.
0345440757|2.0|As a parent of two I am constantly searching for tidbits of info to help deal with sleeping, eating and other parenting issues.  I am a firm believer in reading lots of books and listening to lots of advice and then picking and choosing what works for my kids.  Having already read &quot;Babywise&quot; and Marc Weissbluth's &quot;Healthy Sleep Habits, Happy Child,&quot; I couldn't find much new information in the Baby Whisperer.  I do believe that if you haven't read those two books, the Baby Whisperer does have great info.  She advocates the same thing that Babywise does, that the marriage is the most important element and that a baby ADDS to the family, the baby should not be the focus of the family.  And although she had a better name for eattime, awaketime, sleeptime than Babywise -- E.A.S.Y -- it is essentially the same philosophy.  She is a bit less restrictive on schedules than Babywise as well.  Her suggestions on how to &quot;read the baby&quot; are somewhat the same as what &quot;Healthy Baby&quot; recommends.  I think if you just had a baby or are getting ready to have a baby, than it is a good beginning.  However, &quot;Babywise&quot; and &quot;Healthy Baby&quot; should also be added to your collection as they take her suggestions and back them up with research and doctor credentials.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Tim Burton is the master of moody storytelling, and here he proves his worth as he retells the classic tale of Washingtion Irving's The Legend Of Sleepy Hollow. Johnny Depp plays Ichabod Crane, a detective from New York sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate an apparent murder. Christina Ricci is fantastic as Katrina Van Tassel, daughter of the most powerful man in town, co-conspirator of something sinister that may be related to the headless horseman, the one behind the killings. What follows is a suspensful mystery, with excellent picture and sound. This DVD has a cast interview on it, as well as the trailer and cast bios. And the sets are fantastic, with lots of grays and dark-toned colors adding to the dark mood. this is one film that totally flat out rocks. Tim Burton does a great job here with a great cast and plenty of action.
B00004YM0D|2.0|I have to agree with the fan from australia, this cd should have been released with a sister original score. I had the same disappointment with Phenomenon. Trevor Rabin is such a wonderful composer and I would have jumped at the chance to hear his complete score. The one track is great, but not sufficient. I have refused to buy this cd for that reason. I would recommend that any other score fans stay clear if you feel as I do. Not to be too sarcastic, but other than that, the cd was great.
630528069X|5.0|Bruce Willis is great as cop John McClane visiting his estranged wife in LA on christmas eve, only to be interrupted by terrorists at her office christmas party. Alan Rickman is wonderful as Hans Gruber, the leader of the terrorist group. their goal: 640 million dollars of bonds in the company vault.<br />Willis, armed just with his service revolver, single handedly takes them all out in some of the best filmed action sequences ever. this is one action movie loaded with excitment from beginning to end. The DVD offers great picture, but the scene stealer is the terrific sound quality. There are also trailers of all three die hard movies and a featurette. worth buying for any DVD owner!
B00000G3PA|5.0|The earth has 17 days until it is destroyed by a meteor the size of Texas. Billy Bob Thornton, as the director of NASA, brings in a group of oil-drilling roughnecks, led by Bruce Willis, to take out the meteor before it takes out Earth. The first half of the film deals with the team training on the ground, and this half is very funny! After the space launch, the film takes on more action and suspense, but retains it's humor. <br />Ben Afleck, fresh from the set of Good Will Hunting, gives a great performance as the man who is in love with Liv Tyler's character, Willis's daughter. My favorite actor in this though is Steve Buschemi, who is hilarious as one of the oil drillers. He has some of the best lines in this movie. <br />As for the DVD, the picture/sound is great, and the disc has some decent bonus materials as well. The replay value is very high, because the film moves beyond the action, and delves into the hearts and souls of it's main characters, making you root for them even more.
B000050FEN|5.0|Seven is the best look into the mind of a killer ever, even better than Silence of The Lambs. Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman play two cops out to catch a serial killer(Kevin Spacey) patterning his crimes after the Seven Deadly Sins. Sloth, greed, envy, etc. There are several gruesome scenes that seem so realistic it's almost frightening. The Platinum series disc has tons of material, with several commentaries, featurettes, storyboards, and all the good stuff you expect from a Platinium Series disc. Gwyneth Paltrow is in this film too, as Pitt's wife. This DVD is a must-own, it will keep you entertained for a long time, with extras just as good as the movie itself. Worth every penny.
B000031WD9|5.0|Jason Biggs is great as the lovable but gullable Jim, who enters a pact with his best friends to lose their virginity by prom night. Along the way, one of them enters the school choir, because it is an &quot;untapped resource&quot;, and another pays a girl to talk about the size of his, well, you get the idea. Jim, of course, can't even find a date. His father, I don't the name of the actor but he is great in this, tries to talk to Jim about sex, and even gives him a stack of skin magazines. But the best moment is deals with Jim assaulting an innocent apple pie, while his father walks in the door. The only difference between the unrated and regular versions of the film is a couple of extra hip thrusts during the apple pie scene. Shannon Elizabeth is also in this, and she enjoys herself too, in another funny scene. But at end of this movie, you will find it has heart, too. A great film for anyone guy who has survived highschool.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|I won't get into the plot of the movie, because unless you have been in a coma the last 20 years you've seen the movie. I think of this film as one of my favorite films of all time, and one of Bill Murray's best roles.<br />This DVD has a letterbox aspect ratio, and great sound, considering how old the movie is. There are trailers for several films here, including GB2. they also have as a seperate feature 10 deleted scenes, some of them being actually quite good. And a VERY FUNNY commentary with Ivan Reitman and Harold Ramis. there are featuretted galore here, as well as multiple-angle bonus footage, and storyboards. This is one DVD that will keep you occupied for a long time. And the menu is very cool as well.
6305181772|5.0|Mission Impossible offers a great movie experience, a chance to witness an action movie filled with brains as well as brawn. Ethan Hunt, an MI agent, has just seen his entire team cut down in an apparent internal mole hunt. Now he is the one accused, and must hurry to uncover the true traitor while keeping himself alive. He is aided by different people all the way, and like the best James Bond movies, can't trust anyone completely, for they may be in on it. This DVD offers great sound and picture clarity, so if you are a major Tom Cruise fan or liked this film, you will definatley want to check this one out on DVD.
B00004WIDQ|5.0|Jurassic Park is one of the biggest movies of all time, brought to us by Steven Spielberg and the incredible wizkids at Industrial Light and Magic. The movie inspired awe in anyone who first saw it in the theatres. this was the first time we have seen a REAL looking dino on the big screen. Richard Attenborough is a rich man who creates an island theme park full of cloned dinosaurs, and is one of the first films to deal with the serious issue of cloning. He invites a team of scientists to sign off on the island, which includes Sam Neill and Laura Dern as paleontologists as well as a mathamatician, played by Jeff Goldblum, and Attenboroughs 2 grandkids. Of course, the park breaks down, and the dinosaurs run amok, creating some of the best scenes in movie history. The special effects are good to this day, especially with the crisp clarity of the DVD picture and OUTSTANDING sound. There is also a load of extras, including trailers for all 3 films.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I loved the film Alien, but I thought that it's sequel, Aliens,was a more fun film. While Ridley Scott gave a us a gritty film in theoriginal, filled with terror from beginning to end. But I always feltthe sequel was more fun, with tons of action and characterdepth. Ripley, after waking up 57 years after her freighter wasdestroyed, finds herself back on the planet where she firstencountered the alien. this time, accompanied by a group of gung-homarines, she is out to determine why a colony was wipedout. Obviously, the reason is clear. The aliens are back, and to quotethe trailer, &quot;this time it's war&quot;.<br />This DVD is LOADED withextras, my favorite is the featurette on Stan Winston's creation ofthe alien models. My only complaint is that the picture/sound is notas good as it could be. The picture is more grainy than it should be,with a lot of artifacts. And the sound seems faded. You have to turnthe sound up a little higher than usual for this one. But other thanthat, this a great buy. Especially with over 17 minutes of extras,this a terrific DVD.
078322608X|5.0|First off, Bruce Willis gave his best perfomance ever in this film. The movie is about a future devastated by a virus, forcing mankind to live underground. Willis plays a criminal, given a chance to wipe the slate clean if he offers to go back and time, and discover a cure. Along the way, he bumps into Madeline Stowe, who is convinced he is insane, as well as Brad Pitt, as a mental patient with a plan. But after bouncing back and forth in time, he begins to question his mental health himself.<br />This film, of course, deals with time travel, and that includes all the logic dealing with time travel, such as the Grandfather Paradox. This mind-bender deals with the theory of if you go back in time and kill your grandfather, then how could you even exist, since you would not have been born then? This is not just a sci-fi thriller, it is a very smart sci-fi thriller, taking many viewings to fully appreciate the depth of the film.<br />The DVD transfer is terrific, with a great behind-the-scenes documentary. Along with other features, the picture and sound is terrific, one of the best-looking DVDs own. this one is a keeper!
0767802624|5.0|First off, the 5.1 sound is terrific, even the opening credits will blow you away! And the picture has INCREDIBLE color representation. The menus are very fun too, and have very cool graphics. Like a previous reviewer says, the collector series is a better buy than the limited edition, because this one is almost as well loaded and is several bucks cheaper. You'll enjoy this film again and again with the DVD version.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Fox has really outdone itself this time by releasing a DVD so full of content that you could spend literally hours reading and watching all the content. There are storyboards galore, many, many, trailers and TV spots, and several featurettes, and of course, the alternate ending. The movie deals with alien invaders taking out all the major cities, and it's up to a group of survivors led by the president to take out spaceships. This is a very fun movie, especially with the 5.1 sound. You will not believe how much better this movie is with digital sound! It feels like you are in the cockpit with will smith! This DVD is a great buy.
0767803434|4.0|Air Force One is about a president, played by the tough Harrison Ford, who after authorizing the kidnapping of a former Russian republic president for acts of terrorism, faces his own troubles. Air Force One, the most sophisticated aircraft in the sky, is hijacked by a group of Russian terrorists trying to get their leader free from jail. But they did not count on the president fighting back!<br />With his wife and daughter on the plane, Ford must race against time to save them. Glenn Close, as the Vice President on the ground, becomes acting president after Ford is presumed dead. She tries to talk down the terrorists, the leader played by Gary Oldman, in his most terrifying role ever. But with no success, it is up to Ford to take them out. <br />This film has some of the best action scenes in a long time, and the DVD transfer is fantastic. This was released close to the birth of the DVD format, so there isn't a whole lot of extras on it. But the picture is nearly perfect and the sound is very good. If you have a dolby digital encoder, you will be in heaven! I subtracted one star only because there were not more bonus features on it. but other than that, this one is an entertainer!
B00003CX95|5.0|Very rarely does a film come along that is worthy of the title &quot;epic&quot;, but Braveheart has proven to be one of them. Directed and starred in by Mel Gibson, it is about William Wallace, who after a personal tragedy leads Scottish rebels against the throne of England. KIng Edward &quot;The Longshanks&quot; is ruthless, played by Patrick McGoohan. He is out to destroy Wallace and his ideals for a free Scotland. Both sides of the conflict get equal treatment, with a big portion of the movie dealing with King Edward and the Prince and Princess, played by the always-lovely Sophie Marceau. Running close to 3 hours, the film is never boring. It is worth checking out, especially for the incredible battle scenes. The DVD itself offers outstanding sound clarity, and Gibson himself has a commentary track.
B0000524E5|5.0|I can understand why some people didn't like this movie, especially with such a wide variety of tastes in music. If you like; a simple story with characters you can get attached to, good pop music, and a movie that can get its point across without sex, blood, and violence, then this movie is for you. All of the characters are very likeable and the introduction of Leann Rimes' newest pop songs made this movie very appealing.<br />If you're looking for a skin flick, don't bother. But to say that this movie would only appeal to teenage girls is pushing it way out of proportion. The absence of hot steamy sex scenes doesn't mean it is any less appealing, except for those of you who are only turned on by things of that nature.
B00004XQ83|5.0|From the previews for the film alone, I became sickly fixated on tracks from this album. I bought the soundtrack two weeks before the movie opened in LA. Like some kind of crazed junkie, I listened to the disc repeatedly and manically for about a month before retiring it to the shelves of other favorites. The soundtrack embodies a wide array of very American music. Folk, Blues, Bluegrass, Spiritual, Gospel - the soulful sounds of lower-middle and lower class America. The tunes, though, are addictive. Without being syrupy or simple, the melodies and rhythms anchored themselves to me. Everyone I know who has experienced this album has had a similar reaction. Buy this album, you'll be singing it in the shower for months to come.
0719043263|4.0|This book addresses all of us that are new to literary theory but want to bring light to the matter. It covers main stream ideas such as liberal humanism, structuralism, psychoanalytic  criticism, cultural materialism and even a hint of what stylistics is all about. Its goal is ambitious and in many respects it delivers too broad of an overview. However, Beginning  Theory is a surprinsingly easy reading and a good intro to the above mentioned concepts. Each chapter offers a summary of key elements and terms as well as questions and useful pinpointers for further reading thus making reading a dynamic and stimulating experience.
B00004RE7C|4.0|It is very hard to follow up the Wrath of Khan, one of the best films ever made. But the Search For Spock does a fine job telling the story of a grieving Admiral Kirk, coping with the loss of his best friend, Captain Spock. And then there is Doctor McCoy, who is dealing with insanity while Spock's essence is trapped in his mind. <br />And, of course, it would not be a Star Trek adventure if there was not a group of Klingons out to destroy Kirk. this time, there are after the Genesis planet, now quarantened by Starfleet. This movie has some great action scenes, and one of my favorite fight scenes in movie history is when Kirk and the Klingon captain battle to the death while the planet is breaking up around them. And of course there is the destruction of the starship Enterprise. This movie has everything! The only part I found boring was the Vulcan ceramony at the end, it seemed rushed and there was not enough time to express the ritual in full. And the sound and picture, like most DVDs, is terrific.
B000056K04|3.0|and it really shows.  i love the cd.  it may not sound like i do, but i do.  the problem is most of it is hackwork.  i can no longer say to myself, i'll never be as good as dave matthews.  my main greivance is the lyrics.  i can deal with him betraying fans of acoustic guitar, but the quality of his lyrics has dropped drastically.  it seems a lot of people are against &quot;I Did It&quot; so i'll stay away from taking the easy runt to pick on.  someone picked on dave's use of sexual innuendo in some of his songs, but i'm ok with that.  &quot;i'm gonna tie you up like a baby in the carriage car/Your legs don't work cause you want me so/You just lie spread to the wall&quot; that's from when the world ends.  i really don't have so much of a problem with it, but man, what crap.  i used to consider dave to be one of the best lyricists, and by far my favorite.  but that was when he was writing DEEP lyrics.  deep to me anyway.  he said stuff that meant something to me.  anyway, i think there's a LOT of POTENTIAL in this cd.  and i'm sure it will get better after they play each song a few bazillion times in concert.   as for music, glen ballard is a joke compared to lilywhite.  i wonder if he had even listened to any dave matthews work before working on EVERYDAY.  whatever, the cd is OVERPRODUCED.  but like i said i love it.  i just think the lyrics aren't all that great.  i also think this is the worst material dave's ever released.  <br />i'm ok with a lot of beliefs.  but i don't get why all of a sudden it seems dave is set on forsaking God on this cd.  &quot;i for one don't turn my cheek for anyone&quot;, &quot;there's no god above, no hell below/it's here with us, it's up to us/to keep afloat&quot;  it just doesn't mesh well with lyrics from something like john the revelator: &quot;i play my cards, but it's by the grace of God i play my cards at all.&quot;  well, i'll put most of the blame on glen ballard so that i don't have to be too mad at dave.  then again, if a band is going to stay around forever, they're going to make plenty of mistakes.  let's just keep our fingers crossed and hope we get our jamband back next studio release.
6305127689|5.0|Top Gun on DVD has no extras whatsoever, save for widescreen/standard versions. But the most incredible part is the SOUND. You will be shocked by how incredible the sound is coming from your speakers. You will feel like you are right outside the cockpits when the planes fly by the camera. Like other people, the McGillis/Cruise romance has no chemistry, but Meg Ryan and especially Anthony Edwards are great on screen. What really makes this a good movie is the aerial combat. If you have a DVD player and a digital sound system, you'll this in your collection! Be warned, though: You may feel the need to crank the volume all the way up causing hearing problems later on.
0385335482|5.0|I heard about this book from reading it in a magazine, and when I saw it in the book store, I was a bit skeptical as to whether or not this book would be interestng to read. The very first sentence in the book already caught my interest, and I LOVE this book! It's very well written! This book is about Rebecca Bloomwood, who loves to shop shop shop, and spends money that she doesn't have. What's even more ironic is how she's a journalist for a financial magazine! I can relate to this story, since I've been in debt before to my bank. It just goes to show you how easy it is to buy things with a credit card. This book definitely made me think of the saying: &quot;Don't judge a book by its cover!&quot; It's not just about shopping. You won't be sorry you read it!
6305127638|3.0|First Contact starts of with a major offensive against Earth by the Borg, and every Federation starship possible is involved, including the Defiant and the new Enterprise. But before they can be destroyed, the Borg travel back in time to 21st century Earth in the hope of changing the course of history in their favor. The Enterprise follows, and must make sure that the first contact with aliens takes place, or the Federation will never be founded, and the Borg will take the galaxy apart. <br />But what I did not like is that you did not get familiar with the new Enterprise as well as we should have. The ship represents the Star Trek franchise even better than Kirk. But we only get glimpses of it, no stats on it's performance, etc. Plus, the movie drags along. I have no problems with a slow movie, but this one just seemed to slow without much of plot or character development.<br />It is not a bad film, just not as good as Generations, or the Voyage Home. It is of course worth checking out, but not to buy. The only redeeming value is the astounding picture and sound on the DVD version.
0767827694|5.0|First of all, I have to say that I have not read Virginia Woolf's book on which this film is based. Ms. Woolf is not an &quot;easy read&quot;, as her style tends to ramble a bit, and from what I understand, one could not literally translate &quot;Orlando&quot; to the screen. I commend Sally Potter for her adaptation of Woolf's novel. &quot;Orlando&quot;, to me, is about a person's journey of self-discovery. As the lead character says, &quot;The same person-just a different sex.&quot; There is a wonderfully sly mixing-up and playing with gender here. Orlando, an effeminate male poet who later becomes a woman, is beautifully underplayed by Tilda Swinton. I admire her performance, as it is played with a very subtle wit. Queen Elizabeth I is portrayed by that grand unwilling champion of gay rights Quentin Crisp, and the beautiful Billy Zane is treated as the &quot;love object&quot; in two scenes of lush sensuality. &quot;Bronsky Beat&quot;'s Jimmy Somerville, with his famous falsetto voice is here too, as a singing angel at the film's finale. His song, &quot;Coming&quot;, is wonderful, stating that gender doesn't really matter here-&quot;I am coming, I am coming, here I am, neither a woman nor a man.&quot; The art direction is breathtakingly beautiful, and Sandy Powell's costumes are remarkably accurate, spanning the centuries from Elizabethan thru Jacobean thru Rococo thru Victorian to present-day. Some may find the pace of this gorgeous film a little ponderous, but I found it to be an intriguing 90 minutes. We are all humans, individuals-why all this fuss about what a &quot;woman's&quot; role in society is, or what a &quot;man's&quot; role in society is? Virginia Woolf, I understand, based &quot;Orlando&quot; on a meeting she had with an Italian noblewoman who bemoaned the fact that she was denied her inheritance due to the fact that she was born a woman. Almost unbelievable, isn't it?
6305350205|1.0|I won't take long, because I do not want to waste my time on this horrible film. It is very boring, and very slow, the script is stupid, and the plot about a Great Barrier, is, well, dumb. I thought it took decades to reach the end of the galaxy at warp speed? either the Voyager creators didn't care about the Barrier phenomonon, or this film makes no sense. I go for the latter. William Shatner was not good in this, his ego should though in every scene. Please stay away from this.
B000003TAL|5.0|Released in 1988,Sonic Youth's fifth platter laid down the blueprint-both sonically and thematically-for the &quot;Alternative&quot; boom just a few years away(did someone say Nirvana?)But,unlike most of the safe,watered-down,corperate-approved &quot;product&quot; that came in it's wake,the members of SY never let themselves be easily defined or catagorized.Indeed,the massive,sprawling,multi-layred,splatter-punk aural deconstruction of &quot;Daydream&quot; has very little in common with MTV &quot;Buzz Bands&quot; of the early nineties.Opening with an almost pastoral,arpeggiated intro,then kicking into the smashing gutter-glam of &quot;Teenage Riot&quot;,the Youth lay down a jagged,patently iconoclastic manifesto:&quot;Silver Rocket&quot; hurtles forward with orgasmic vigor,until it abruptly hits one of SYs trademark Walls Of Squall,and proceeds to eat your stereo alive;&quot;The Sprawl&quot; is just that-the track closes with a stunning extended coda of austere tonal archetechture around which feedback and bass jabs hover like signals from deep space;&quot;Eric's Trip&quot; is a vivid acid-fried nightmare;and &quot;Candle&quot; is a beautific,glacial,revelatory masterwork,evoking in the mind's eye images akin to a hulking idustrial-age monstrosity billowing smoke into a burnt-orange sunset(at least that's what I get out of it,but keep in mind that I'm completely psychotic).The album reaches it's absolute zenith with the multi-part &quot;Trilogy&quot; that closes the album.Massive,ambitious,haunting-it's like listening to the discovery of a secret civilization that's been lurking deep within the bowls of New York,with Sonic Youth as your tour guides.The individual band members shine brightest here-guitarist-vocalist Thurston Moore whips up his most insistent,angular riffing,off-set by guitarist Lee Renaldo's clangourus,hectoring note clusters and bent-string carpet-bombing.Bassist-vocalist Kim Gordon ends the whole she-bang with a kick in the head on the final track-always the most vicseral,confrontational vocalist in the group,she's never been more feral here.&quot;Daydream Nation&quot; can fairly lay claim to sireing an entire generation of have-angst-will-travel bandwagon jumpers and also-rans-but compared with the utterly forgettable output of these groups,it shines brightly like a diamond in a sea of cubic zirconium.
6305609721|4.0|Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is the considered to be the best trek film, and for good reason. After 2 dark films, this one is a light comic fantasy, with great character interaction and laugh-out-loud situations the characters find themselves in. But I am here to review the DVD, so you all can make an intellegent decision on whether to buy it or not. The ONLY feature is a documentary that you can find on the VHS version, so there is nothing new here. The only reason I can think of for Trek fans to shell out their wallets on this is because of digital picture. The sound quality is not that good either, it sounds much better on the Wrath of Khan DVD. Hopefully Paramount will release a more loaded version later, but now if you already own this on VHS it won't be a major improvement.
B000056K04|1.0|Upon listening to the Everyday album, I was so angry and disappointed that I felt completely betrayed by the band we once knew as the Dave Matthews Band. Things have changed from the recent days of that seemingly infallible jazz/folk/rock quintet. I have all of the previous CDs and have been to a number of concerts, and I savor every minute of live songs such as Listener Supported's #41 and Red Rocks' Dancing Nancies.<br />Everyday is worthless. Neither LeRoi nor Boyd play ANY solos, and their few, scattered notes occur on about 3 songs in the whole CD. I don't know what's wrong with Carter's drumming, but while he usually riffs flawlessly behind the band with the high-hat and cymbals, his drumming now sounds like the slow, monotonous pounding of a drummer in some burned-out grunge band. (NOTHING even remotely close to the percussion on Crash's Drive In Drive Out) Whenever there's a little electro-keyboard doodle in an Everyday song, which happens often, it just reminds me of N'Sync and Britney Spears. Seriously, the only thing keeping me going at this point is my MP3 CD of Grey Street, Bartender, Grace is Gone, Sweet Up and Down, Raven, JTR, and Linus and Lucy. I implore you: this is not Dave. Thank god for Napster...
6300216802|4.0|I think most people may not have liked the first Tek film as much as the others is because expectations were too high. It also did not have the elements of the show that the Wrath of Khan and Search for Spock had, but looking back now it is a good film in it's own right. It was slower-moving, but I takes a lot of hard work to make the transition from small screen to silver screen. Case in point: X-Files Fight The Future.<br />A huge cloud is vaporizing everything in it's path, and the only ship capable of intercepting it in time is the refurbished Enterprise, with a new captain and crew. But Kirk takes command, and brings along his old bridge officers. The takes a while to get moving, but it is an interesting first look at the movie series, and still an enjoyable experience.
B000056K04|4.0|I like this album, but DMB is starting to sound more like a regular band - what happened to the violin???  its practically nowhere to be found.  and even the sax has been pushed considerably into the background.  I think the inclusion of these two elements which have made so many previous DMB songs so brilliant (crush comes to mind) could also have made this album great.
B00000ILBK|1.0|I went into this film expecting live everyone else a good action film, like most of the other Trek fans. But like first contact, the trailer was a bald-face lie hatched by Paramount just to get us into the theatre's door, because there is very little action. It does have a lot of character, but no movement whatsoever. This film is about the Enterprise crew disabaying the prime directive, not interfering in a civilization, and tries to save them from the Federation and bad guys who have found the &quot;fountain of youth&quot;. What a joke! I hate to say it, but this is even worse than the Final Frontier! The music is sweet and corny, and everywhere there are children running around and playing in the grass and crap like that. Please do not buy this! there are a lot better Trek movies out there on DVD, and this is not one of them.
0452282152|5.0|I really liked this book. It was well written, and it had great characters and descriptions. Anyone who enjoys readying historical fiction would rave about this book. I can't wait for her next book!
B000059GEI|5.0|This movie stars Ethel Merman and Dan Dailey as vaudevillians Molly and Terry Donahue, who are trying to raise their three children(Steve, Katie, and Tim)as normally as they can. Molly and Terry narrate throughout the story, so the movie actually spans 20 years of their lives. The film starts out with a little song and dance number, and the introduction of Donahue kid #1, then it moves through #2 and #3 and their childhoods with some great comic scenes between Ethel Merman and Dan Dailey. Finally, with the kids all grown up, the family becomes an act called the Five Donahues. The first time you get to see the grown up Donahue children is in a big number called &quot;Alexander's Ragtime Band&quot; in which all the family members get to spotlight their individual talents.  That night, after the show of course, Steve (the oldest) gets his true calling and Vicky Parker (Marilyn Monroe)enters as Tim's (Donald O'Connor)love interest, both events conspiring to break the act up.  This film is filled with plenty of song and dance numbers, almost all of which were written specifically for the movie by Irving Berlin, plenty of talent, and plenty of fun. Ethel Merman, Dan Dailey, and Donald O'Connor are great comedic talents who deliver quite a few laughs throughout, as well as doing a great job with the singing and dancing. I highly recommend this movie to everyone out there who needs a good laugh! If you find that you like this one, try &quot;Singing in the Rain,&quot; also co-starring Donald O'Connor, &quot;Wonder Man,&quot; and &quot;The Court Jester,&quot; starring Danny Kaye.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah Carey is my favorite artist of all time. She is very talented- as a writer, producer, director, and actress- and she takes time to give back to her fans. Out of all her albums from MARIAH CAREY to RAINBOW, I think this is definitely the best. She has always written great lyrics and it is very evident here. My favorite songs of this album are Honey, Butterfly, The Roof, Whenever You Call, Breakdown, and The Beautiful Ones. I also enjoy the remix versions on her singles.
B0000021RG|1.0|Other than the album art work, there's not much to recommend about this album. For one thing, the brass section is simply awful--Pankow, Parazaider and Loughnane sound like they're playing kazoos! With the exception of Terry Kath's powerful, pyrotechnic guitar solo on &quot;South California Purples,&quot; the group's performance comes across as lethargic and bland. Even the band members themselves said in a 1978 &quot;Rolling Stone&quot; interview that this album is junk! Buyer, take note.
014028009X|4.0|This book is one that basically looks at the female persona and pokes fun at it.  Females are expected to be thin (but not too thin!), knowledgable, great cooks, etc.  How many of us are all of those things?  And if we aren't, just look at what we go through to get there.  <br />Bridget Jones is trying to perfect herself, or at least make herself better.  The bad part is that she has her own set of human desires that keep her from doing this.<br />Men: Avoid this book unless you have noticed the things your wife/girlfriend does and think you can see her side of things.  Women who think Bridget should quit whining:  You are either already perfect or are in denial about the silly things that you go through...<br />Note also: This book is an easy, short read for those with short attention spans.  Great for the beach or a short vacation.
B0000021RL|4.0|If I could own only four Chicago albums, this would definitely be one of them. The others being CTA, II and III. This album has a bit of everything and it's definitely worth owning!<br />&quot;Aire,&quot; &quot;Devil's Sweet&quot; and &quot;Hanky Panky&quot; prove Robert Lamm's axiom that Chicago is a rock group that plays jazz. As a jazz enthusiast, I must say these are solid jazz pieces that would make the likes of Art Blakey and Rob McConnell proud. Great stuff! Too bad the group didn't do more straight-ahead jazz numbers.<br />&quot;(I've Been) Searchin' So Long&quot; was the first of three hit singles from this album and deservedly so. James William Guercio really shines as a producer on this cut as he skillfully balances the horn and string sections without having one yield to the other.<br />&quot;Song of the Evergreens&quot; and &quot;Byblos&quot; are solid, evocative numbers from Terry Kath. Lee Loughnane gives a well-delivered vocal performance on &quot;Evergreens&quot; and, as usual, Kath does some great guitar work here. &quot;Byblos&quot; is an interesting, if not introspective, story about how he meets a girl at a club only to lose her to someone else. Been there, done that.<br />For all its strengths, this album does have one weak spot and that's Robert Lamm's &quot;Skinny Boy.&quot; This is not one of Lamm's better vocal performances as his voice sounds rough and scratchy. If Lamm was trying to do a blues number, he came up short. Fortunately, the Pointer Sisters help pick up the slack here. <br />Aside from that minor criticism, I still think this is a great album. Clearly, Chicago VII is a classic and it should be included in every Chicago fan's album/CD collection.
B000005H40|4.0|Don't get me wrong: this CD is about the best &quot;cool jazz&quot; that's out there, and considering people have been trying unsuccessfully to top it for 40+ years, that's quite a feat. This is the kind of music that leaves a residue on you long after the songs are over, and while it's playing, you'll be humming, toe-tapping, finger-snapping, just in an all-around better mood. The style is good, the instrument balance is good, and Coltrane and Co. are technical maestros on their respective instruments.<br />Having given this CD my highest recommendation, now let me say you should get the ECD version instead (an enhanced CD). Aside from the CD-ROM bonus material, you'll get two extra songs: alternate takes on &quot;Blue Train&quot; and &quot;Lady Bird&quot; that give you another 15 minutes or so worth of music. As they say, &quot;If you go, go all out.&quot; If you're interested in this album (and I hope you are) you might as well go with the &quot;Deluxe Edition&quot; instead of this very basic version.
B000056K04|4.0|Everyday is a step away from classic DMB. This album is more dreamy with several songs alot like The Dreaming Tree from Before These Crowded Streets. Dave's vocals are the centerpiece of every song on this album with the rest of the band taking somewhat of a back seat. The real strength of DMB is the power that comes from each member of the band, but each song on Everyday is filled with Dave's wailing-- and even his voice is a lot softer than the quirky voice we all love so much in classics like Warehouse and Ants Marching. A weaker emphasis on the band leads to the lack of jam material on this album. In spite of all of these changes, after listening to this album a couple of times, it grabs you and pulls you in as most DMB songs do.
B000005H7D|5.0|I'm an infant in the world of jazz listeners, and I think that this album holds great appeal for those brand-new to jazz as well as being a staple for long-time fanatics.<br />It amazes me that despite being 40+ years old, it comes off as so incredibly fresh. The playing is technically superior (a masterpiece, really) and the movements are creatively inspiring. It is some of the best cool jazz I have ever heard, and this version includes two alternate takes that just sweetens the deal with another 15 or so minutes of music (another version doesn't have tracks 6 or 7).<br />This music sets a great mood, whether you're cooking, driving, at work or just hanging out with friends. Just hit &quot;repeat all&quot; on your CD player and enjoy the journey! I've yet to hear of somebody (jazz fan or otherwise) who said this album was anything less than fantastic.
B000002505|5.0|When these two guitar giants teamed up many thought Mahavishnu was just gonna run over Santana, instead Carlos Santana was able to find all the right notes to compliment Mclaughlin's playing.  He may not have had all the technique, (at the time) but he still had the most beautiful tone and sense of melody known to the guitar.  Carlos Santana had so much soul and beauty in his playing, I believe Mclaughlin ended up being influenced just as much as Carlos did, (evident on the recording Flame Sky from Santana's Welcome album).  As for Zappa, yes great composer, but at best interesting on the guitar, by no means to be compared to either of these two. Question Carlo's technique, just listen to what he plays on Illuminations with Jack Dejonette and Dave Holland.
B000002UQJ|5.0|This really is one of my favorite McCartney solo albums.  I really like the rocking nature of the album (different from Flaming Pie in that respect.)  I agree with the other review, that the band was tight, really tight, on this one.<br />And, they actually did make another album.  It was released in Europe as a promotional 2 CD set (called Off the Ground: Complete Works,) and it includes a couple of live cuts from the Unplugged session (same band) as well as the full length version of Cosmically Conscious.  I think this song is Paul's most Beatle-like song in years.  If you can't find the double CD set, but enjoy the music on this album, I recommend looking out for the CD singles which do contain the other tracks.<br />All in all, great music, by a great composer/musician.
B000056K04|2.0|Having realized as of late that Dave had decided to ditch a full CD of great music (much of which had been road-tested to the delight of all in attendance), it was going to take a near-miracle for Everyday to live up to expectations.  This new studio disc is not a miracle, far short, in fact, and it's aggravating to think that more people are going to be introduced to the band by this record than his others.  The simple fact that almost every song on this CD is circa 3:30 in length is evidence enough of Dave being out of form; often the band extends the introduction of their songs to four minutes.  Glen Ballard's gloss runs rampant here as well, and one can almost feel Dave being forced into repeating chorus' (none of which are melodic enough to have any lasting appeal) again and again to fit some sort of radio-friendly mold.  Yet, what Ballard fails to realize is that the complexity of Dave's earlier &quot;Crush,&quot; for example, makes it a much more satisfying piece of music, even for the radio.  The peaks of Dave's genuine emotion, his naked honesty, the erupting vitality he emits while singing is undoubtedly and unforgivably absent here.<br />Compressed, stifled, and uninspired, Dave's newest CD is manufactured fluff and tragic in comparison to his earlier works.
B000002LKF|5.0|This is one of my favorite album. It took me some months to understand and appreciate it when I bought it at its release (I was 16). To tell the truth at the beginning I was a little bit disappointed because I probably expected a Graceland follow up. In fact as Graceland (an other gorgeous album) was sunny and joyous, this is more reflective and shady and mystirious. Indeed the opening is very shocking with its percussive madness combined with the uplifting melody. &quot;Can't run but&quot; is a peculiar and hypnotizing etno-blues featuring great guitarist JJ Cale. &quot;The coast&quot; is beautiful and with its lyrics and armony seems to bring you by hand for a quiet journey. &quot;The proof&quot; is big fun on an upbeat melody. &quot;Further to fly&quot; with a sad and melanchonic mood and &quot;She moves on&quot; are the work's core. This last one in particular shows a very sensual melodic line and visionary lyrics. It's the best album's song to me. &quot;Born at the right time&quot; and &quot;Spirit voices&quot; are typical Simon's ballads and tell stories you'd like to listen over and over again. &quot;The cool, cool river&quot; is dark and scaring, but the reasuring chorus will relax you. The end is closed by another masterpiece. The enchanting title-track shows very unusual arrangements, while the words take you by Simon's personal &quot;heart of darkness&quot;.  A great album for a great musician.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I have never heard a better album, ever, in all my life. Besides being a huge Moby fan, I personally feel that this was *not* a sellout album; I think Moby is just naturally moving towards the stardom he has earned and this album is a large stepping-stone in the path.
B000001EEN|4.0|When this album originally appeared it contained only six songs and the sound was exciting as chalk on a sidewalk. But now, thanks to the modern techno, the original song list has been fleshed out and the sound is quite subperb. These additions and enhancements have made this album rank with the guess Who`s Live at the Paramount as one of the magnificent little gems that seems to have been overlooked by the majority of music fans. A recording of E.C.`s first concert in over two years gives the listener the feel of a group of friends on a one off get together. The music is a little ragged in spots but that is one of the charms. The on-stage banter is fun, but the power is all Eric. He seems as if he had never left the stage, plus a live version of Layla, what more could you ask for. A definite little nugget you`ll enjoy.
B00000DQSS|5.0|I bought this when it was first released on vinyl. I knew very little about Ms. Bush back then, but with that fantastic cover art, I just had to buy it and try it out. Boy, I was glad I did! This is still my favorite Kate Bush recording. If you don't own it - get it! Now!
0671027344|5.0|The Perks of Being a Wallflower is a wonderful book! Ive read it twice within 1 year and it's my favorite. I don't read books often, but when I read this, I loved it. It's probably good for people ages 13 and up. Expecially for highschoolers. Charlie is a great character who makes his life through school, growing up, meeting girls and so on. It seems like you know him from the begining. You don't have to think twice about this book. Go buy it and enjoy!
B000056K04|5.0|Well Before I mention what I love about the ablum, Ill say carter's drums sound preety poor, on this ablum. I mean the snare, at first is yuck. But It kinda grows on you. But thats the only real negitive. Also the songs are to short and leave you wanting so much more. And to add to the list, ELECTIC GUTAIRS in dmb sound so wierd at first. I DID IT- you probly heard this song if your buying this ablum, WHEN THE WORLD ENDS- sounds like a little carlos santana influnce. The chorus, at first I dident like. The song ends adbruptly fiting the title. THE SPACE BETWEEN US- If theres one relly heartfelt ballad, its this song. Beatiful lryics. DREAMS OF OUR FATHERS- A upbeat electic gutair song, with a good chorus. A good listen, SO RIGHT- A great song, upbeat, and emontional. A great rock feel. If I HAD IT ALL- An ok song. I mean I like it but, eh I dunno know. But THen again thinking about it its a great song. WHAT YOU ARE- amazing song. Simple. There most rocking song yet, probly.<br />havent listened to 8,9,10 MOTHER FATHER- Amazing song. Great gutair work EVERDAY- Title track with guest singers. Great song This may not be as good or beter than  before there crouded streets buts its great in its own way.
B000002KKC|5.0|&quot;Tusk&quot; stands as the peak, shining moment in Fleetwood Mac's entire career, a truly special album that transcended  commercial expectation and still demands close attention. With all three songwriters in full bloom, Lindsey Buckingham was able to fashion stunning arrangements for their creations which made them work as both catchy pop tunes and avant-garde experiments.  Stevie Nicks would never sound better, as she expanded her witch-poet persona into full blown explorations of the heart and mind; &quot;Sara&quot;, with its airy harmonies and lacey, intricate overdubs, manages to evoke the flavor of its lyric with disarming grace.  An instant classic, it appears in edited form here, which is of course the one frustrating gripe with the CD.  &quot;Storms&quot; and &quot;Beautiful Child&quot; quietly build their moods with a mystical subtlety and craftsmanlike precision, while &quot;Sisters Of The Moon&quot; is kind of a Rhiannon Part Two.  Buckingham responds with songs that take on a nervous, almost manic tone (&quot;The Ledge&quot;, &quot;Not That Funny&quot;, &quot;What Makes You Think You're The One&quot;), and then he cuts back with intimate torch moments that will tear you to pieces (&quot;Save Me A Place&quot;--which has the finest harmonies on any Fleetwood Mac record--and &quot;Walk A Thin Line&quot;).  McVie ocassionally treads water, offering up middle-of-the-road pop like &quot;Think About Me&quot; and &quot;Never Forget&quot;, although she too  contributes the exquisite ballad &quot;Never Make Me Cry&quot;, the glorious harmony exercise &quot;Honey Hi&quot; and the atmospheric &quot;Brown Eyes&quot;.         <br />Mention must also be made to the unique percussion sounds achieved for the album: Mick Fleetwood attains new heights of drum god status on &quot;Brown Eyes&quot;, &quot;What Makes You Think You're The One&quot; and the title track; there is a tribal feel to his playing that is tempered by modern recording ideas.  The famous &quot;bathroom tile&quot; echo shimmers on &quot;That's All For Everyone&quot; and &quot;Walk A Thin Line&quot;, which saw Buckingham on his knees in front of a toilet, Brian Wilson-style, to achieve his aims.  It is a credit to his production techniques that the arrangements are incredibly elaborate and yet at no point do they overwhelm the songs--indeed, their strength often lies in what is hidden. Many of the songs are not as immediately appealing as those on &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot; or &quot;Rumours&quot;, but they end up far more satisfying in the long run (indeed, after hearing &quot;Go Your Own Way&quot; a zillion times on classic rock radio, a gem like &quot;Save Me A Place&quot; can sound especially fresh).  The group's creativity was so intense at this period, actually, that several A-quality Nicks songs, including &quot;Watchdevil&quot;, &quot;Lady From The Mountain&quot; and &quot;Beauty And The Beast&quot; were left as outtakes and survive only on bootlegs.  In sum, &quot;Tusk&quot; found Fleetwood Mac in a  unique position, still reeling from the runaway commercial success of &quot;Rumours&quot; but intent on creating sound paintings    that expressed the aftermath of the relationship turmoil that  created that moment.  What is needed now is a deluxe double CD-issue of Tusk, remastered with bonus tracks of outtakes from the sessions, since it is clear that many of these songs underwent interesting drafts before they made the final product.
B00005214X|5.0|All Things Must Pass is George Harrison's definitive masterpiece, proving beyond all doubt that he was a songwriting genius in his own right and not simply along for the ride while in the Beatles.  The newly remastered edition of this album makes it even better than ever.  Much of Harrison's best work is on here.  The first disc consists mainly of acoustic ballads with memorizing chord changes, while the latter half of the second disc consists of stripped down blues based jams, which even features Eric Clapton.  This is a real treat for all of us Beatle's fans who wish we could have simply heard them jam more.  On this album Harrison reveals that he is very capable of performing extended, but simple jams.  The only problem with this album is a few of the tracks are over produced with somewhat overdone orchestral arrangements to accompany Harrison's acoustic work.  While &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; is exceptional, the subtle beauty of &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; seems to get lost in a virtual symphony playing in the background.  Harrison probably should have taken a lesson from his former band mate, John Lennon, who's album Plastic Ono Band, featured a rawer sound. At any rate, the remastered version helps to fix this by offering an acoustic version of &quot;Beware of Darkness,&quot; and it is also clear that Harrison is familiar with the raw approach with the jams that are presented at the end of disc 2. ...As long as one is willing to forgive this, &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; being only one of many excellent songs on this album, than one will be hard pressed not to admit that this album is one of the best ever.  Aside from the musical content, it also offers religious insights which now seem like clichs because of the thousands of Beatle imitators who created the eastern religion fad in the west.  But on this album Harrison shows that he is not a pseudo intellectual religious impostor.  Instead he is on a legitimate religious and musical exploration, the very titleof the album being a rough English translation of the last words of the Buddha.  All an all this is one of the best and most significant albums ever recorded.
B00000K31V|5.0|Where does one even begin to explain the genius of this film?  David Cronenburg creates some of the most disturbing and controversial films ever put on celluloid.  It's no wonder people have so many strong opinions about them.  This movie grabs you, puts you in an uncomfortable position of a &quot;where are we going, and where are you taking me to&quot; feeling.  It's only in the last three minutes of the film where you finally get the psuedo-assuredness of being halfway understanding when in the last few seconds you're thrown for a loop all over again.  This movie is simply something you don't see in movies anymore.  The story is dreamlike, the characters are peculiar and mysterious and the technology is frighteningly surreal under todays mesmerizing love of video game consoles.  This movie taps into the principle and possiblities of how far big video game companies could really go in the near future.  I actually loved this movie more than &quot;The Matrix.&quot;  Although both movies are completely different, for the sake of everyone comparing, this movie has a far more delicious story and a far more realistic probability presented by two very underrated movie actors.  Which makes the comparison of the two sci-fi flicks no contest.
B000002UAX|5.0|I'll keep my argument brief on this one. 2 records, 4 sides, and on any given side there are more amazing songs than most other notable bands have in their entire careers.  The White Album is the standard by which all other albums should be judged, yet despite this, it never ranks in the top 10 of most Best 100 albums list. This is the greatest band of all time at their creative peak.  It is raw, yet pollished, humorus, yet serious, dark, yet promising with 30 prefect songs and no album cover or title that could possibly do it justice.
B000050XEI|5.0|After reading many of the reviews I began to wonder, exactly what were Enya fans expecting? Many felt that she was coming back with the same old formula as in her prior albums. Others were expecting Enya to reinvent herself with a new music style. <br />The only thing that I expected was for one of the most talented composers, writes, vocalist of our time to produce another quality album filled with tightly arranged passages of music and after listening to &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; I was not disappointed.<br />The one differece that I did notice was that &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; was actually more of an upbeat album then Enya's past offerings.<br />Songs like FLORA'S SECRET, WILD CHILD and LAZY DAYS all possess this upbeat mood and feel to the music with FLORA'S SECRET possibly being one of Enya's best songs ever, I can only say listen and enjoy.<br />As a whole the entire album is very enjoyable to listen too with no noticable drop off in the quality of music from song to song and it will not disappoint any long time Enya fans who realize that, when it comes to her style of music she has set the standard even though others may have been here first in this music genre. <br />There is no need to fix what is not broken and as long as Enya keeps doing what she is doing then I will be here to listen as will others.
6303567126|5.0|this is a superb film in which leo plays the genius, Jim Carroll who is, as keruoac said, at the age of 16, in the top 90% of poets. He started dabbling with heroin, then became an all out junky, getting sexual favors from men for money... superb acting, astonishing withdrawl scenes... and even some marky mark... buy this film. read the book too... you wont regret either...
0375704027|5.0|What a wonderful read Norwegian Wood is.  This was my first Murakami, so I cannot compare it with any of his other work, but I can compare it to other novels and this one is clearly a cut above most.  It is the story of Toru, a young college student who becomes involved with the girlfriend of his best friend who, a year earlier, commited suicide.  The two deal with their unspoken grief as best they can, both following utterly different paths.  Toru loves the woman, Naoko, but for various reasons, their relationship cannot develop normally.  We follow Toru for a few years in college--a realistic portrait of a young man's journey toward adulthood.  The story is narrated by Toru's 37 year old self.  He hears Norwegian Wood in an airplane and memories of his youth come flooding back to him, so much so that he must tell his story.  The story rings so true, it definitely took me back to that time in my life.  The novel starts off a little slowly and then gradually builds to where you cannot put it down.  It's a beautiful story filled with the pain, the awe, the confusion, the wonderment of being young and on one's own, of confronting life for the first time, of messing up, of growing up.  Norwegian Wood is great.  I highly recommend it.
0517209764|5.0|This book is a great edition, it is probably the best completeworks of Shakespeare available, especially for us poor collegestudents.  It has an easy to follow layout, and the works areorganized logically by the comedies, the histories, the tragedies, andthe poetry.  Excellent Shakespeare collection,..., a great value.Excellent!!
B000002NFM|5.0|This the Prodigys best albumto date.  From the first track to the last its easy to see why this has become their best selling album.  The album contains the UK number 1 singles Firestarter and Breathe and the hit single Smack My Bitch Up.  The album also contains songs like Fuel My Fire(My Favourite), Narayan and Diesel Power.  Anyone who is a fan of the Prodigy will love this album and i think that this album will attract them loads for fans as this album is more accessable than their previous outings. I Can't wait for the next album
B00004U8H4|3.0|There is nothing to really appreciate in this movie.  Sure its supposed to be a satire but where is the joke in any of this?  Christian Bale does give a great performance but most of the reviewers for this movie seem to be demented people or movie &quot;buffs&quot; who think they know all there is to know about movies.  There's a great buildup in this movie that doesn't get released.  I haven't read the book but they are never translated directly in the movie.  Definitely a movie you should rent, but not worth buying.
B000002579|5.0|This is quite simply one of rock's greatest albums. <br />If ever a band hit a creative peak and laid down an album of classic tracks in one go then this is it. There isn't a dud or average track present and every one scores a hit.<br />From the well known radio classic Carry On Wayward Son, Kansas most famous song, to passionate masterpieces like The Wall, the frenetic Magnum Opus and wonderful Cheyenne Anthem this album is filled from start to finish with superlative musicianship, songs, lyrics, and vocals.<br />This is a must buy for any rock fan, not just fans of Kansas.
B000056K04|4.0|I am a major DMB fan and I just purchased this album the day before yesterday. I have all of their albums and also the &quot;Listener Suported&quot; DVD whis is excelent. I must say, however, that I have conflicting opinions about the new album. The band plays great and the music is just as heart-felt as ever. Santana makes an apearence and does a great job. My complaint is not the band's performance but the new style which they have adopted. This new album is more along the lines of traditional rock-n-roll. If you are into that then you should definately buy this album, but I prefer their style on their older albums.  To give you an idea of where I'm coming from, I tend to prefer DMB's live albums over there studio albums. &quot;Live at Red Rocks&quot; and &quot;Live at Luther College&quot; are my two favorites. Other rock artists I enjoy are U2, Robyn Hitchcock, and The The. Also, I am primarily a fan of jazz and blues. I enjoy artists like John Scofield and Charlie Hunter. What I like about the DMB is the heavy influence of jazz, blues, and traditional funk in their music. For example, I find great enjoyment in listening to the  solos of Moore, Tinsley, and Reynolds. On the new album, Moore and Tinsley are hardly featured at all and Reynolds isn't even on the album.  If you are a DMB fan, like me, you should definatly buy this album but if you are just getting into them or even checking them out for the first time, you should buy either one of their live albums or one of their earlier studio albums, like my personal favorite, &quot;Crash.&quot; However, if you like more traditional rock music, this album is like nothing else.
B00000258J|5.0|This is one of the truly great albums of all times and look at the price. Muddy Waters with Johnny Winters producing and on guitar you would think there is not much more to say, but there is. There is history and a story. Rollin' and Tumblin' : The Postwar Blues Guitarists by Jas Obrecht tells the story of the album and how it was so aptly named for those who are interested. It doesn't take alot of imagination.<br />Besides the story there is of course the music, which counts the most. The CD would be worth the price just to hear Muddy start out with his field holler Oh Yeah! Oh Yeah! Everythings goin to be all right in Mannish Boy.  I can feel it deep in my soul.  But I assure you it doesn't stop there.  You get Muddy singing and playing on I Want to be loved.  And I just Can't Be Satisfied the guitar sounds so simple, wonderful and basic.  Every time I hear it I think if I could just play guitar like that (I think I'll go sit down on the crossroads).  The carnival sound in Crosseyed Cat can't be beat.<br />Then take a look at who is on the album besides Muddy Waters and Johnny Winter- James Cotton on harp, Pinetop Perkins on piano, Bob Margolin on guitar and Willie BigEyes Smith on drums- not shabby.<br />If you want to know about the blues buy it.  I you have heard of muddy waters buy it.  If you like the blues you should have it.
B000056K04|4.0|I am a major DMB fan and I just purchased this album the day before yesterday. I have all of their albums and also the &quot;Listener Suported&quot; DVD whis is excelent. I must say, however, that I have conflicting opinions about the new album. The band plays great and the music is just as heart-felt as ever. Santana makes an apearence and does a great job. My complaint is not the band's performance but the new style which they have adopted. This new album is more along the lines of traditional rock-n-roll. If you are into that then you should definately buy this album, but I prefer their style on their older albums.  To give you an idea of where I'm coming from, I tend to prefer DMB's live albums over there studio albums. &quot;Live at Red Rocks&quot; and &quot;Live at Luther College&quot; are my two favorites. Other rock artists I enjoy are U2, Robyn Hitchcock, and The The. Also, I am primarily a fan of jazz and blues. I enjoy artists like John Scofield and Charlie Hunter. What I like about the DMB is the heavy influence of jazz, blues, and traditional funk in their music. For example, I find great enjoyment in listening to the  solos of Moore, Tinsley, and Reynolds. On the new album, Moore and Tinsley are hardly featured at all and Reynolds isn't even on the album.  If you are a DMB fan, like me, you should definatly buy this album but if you are just getting into them or even checking them out for the first time, you should buy either one of their live albums or one of their earlier studio albums, like my personal favorite, &quot;Crash.&quot; However, if you like more traditional rock music, this album is like nothing else.
B000002HPT|4.0|This album is really good. I'm not going to quote Shakespeare, I'm just gonna be straight forward:<br />I'm a huge Dream Theater fan, and also, as a musician, I know the appeal that Dream theater have. I can see what some people complain about concerning this album compaired to their others. This album is a little more commercial than any of their others, but it still displays amazing musicianship and great song writing. This album doesn't throw listeners about like their others do. I do prefer the others more, but this album shows that Dream Theater can write commercially viable songs just as well as 'progtastic' 15 minute epics.
B000059RL3|5.0|I anxiously awaited the arrival of this CD set, as I thought it may prove to be an instant classic, and I was not disappointed! In fact, I've told everyone I know, that it is imperative that they add it to their collections. Even though the versions on the Original LP release are acknowledged masterpieces, it is my belief that the Detroit Mix is more raw and heartfelt than its slightly more polished counterpart. The party scene from What's Going On is revisited in other tunes on the Detroit mix, and is given the full treatment at the end of the title cut. What's Going On's rhythm and strings mix is also a treat, and brings disc one to a close. I have to admit when I saw that Live At The Kennedy Center contained a medley of Gaye's earlier hits, I had that &quot;oh, not again&quot; feeling. I was wrong! There are vignettes of certain songs that I will not divulge in order to maintain the surprise effect, but I will say that these tunes had yet to see the light of day. You'll also get a kick out of the rough draft of Distant Lover. I assure you, you will enjoy this treasure as much as I. Be sure to wear a sweater for the first few listens, though, because it will give you the chills.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden`s second album affirmation is the best c.d..The best songs on there are I knew I loved you,Crash and Burn,Chained To you,Animal Song,The Lover After me. It has so many beats and I like  how they use the guitar playing and more rock into it.The music can make you feel a lot of different emotions.I am a huge fan.I want to one day do a band and do songs like savage garden do.
1573221562|4.0|My expectations were really high before I started Affinity. I had devoured Tipping the Velvet in a period of days. And much looked forward to the release of another novel by Sarah Waters.<br />With Affinity I was dissapointed as I was unable to ever get a real connection going with the story. One of the flaws I encountered was the going back and forth in time left me feeling confused and never really became a natural part of the read for me. Also the descriptions were more flowy (like a poem) than vivid.  I never felt like I was _there_ as I had while reading Tipping the Velvet.<br />With Tipping the Velevet, I finished the book in a matter of days, I was unable to put the book down for long periods of time, the story was so amazing. With Affinity, I felt like I had to push myself to finish the book and I read it over a month's span. I felt like I needed to finish it for reading's sake. It became more of a chore when my expectations were not met.<br />However the book did redeem itself in the final chapter with a surprising twist. And in retrospect, I would like to reread the book without my expectations. The flaw of the story for me was that from the beginning, I thought I knew how it was going to end so I found myself bored and not really appreciating the story. So that fault was within myself, not the novel.<br />After the surprise twist,  I see that the story actually was very masterful. It also should be noted that this is a different kind of lesbian story than Tipping the Velvet. This is much more subtle and you do not get the graphic sex scenes or talk. Which in a way, made it a more true Lesbian story (for me) - the beginning feelings of wondering.... maybe if you love this person.<br />I suggest when you read the book to not expect another Tipping the Velvet, that was my fault, and I am sure to enjoy the book much more thoroughly than just the last chapter on a second read.<br />Of course I would have preffered a story that had me engrossed from the get go, but I believe this book has it's own merit and I was very happy that Ms.Waters was still able to bring crab and brine in the story!, but I believe this book has it's own merit and I was very happy that Ms.Waters was still able to bring crab and brine in the story!
0671027344|5.0|The Perks of Being A Wallflower by Stephen Chbosky is one of the best books I have ever read.  It is truthful, honest, and quite entertaining.  When I read it my first time, I could not wait to read it again and I read it for my second time in about 2 days, because I just couldn't put it down.  Charlie's points of view on the world are quite insightful, in an odd kind of way.  Chbosky's format for the book is like none I have ever read before.  The reciever of the letters that Charlie is writing is unknown to both the reader and to Charlie.  This aspect add intrigue to the story as well as detail because Charlie must explain everything so that whoever &quot;dear friend&quot; is will understand.  I would recommend this book to anyone who enjoys truth and honesty, and even if u don't, I still recommend it because it is just simply an amazing book.
B00005221M|5.0|I really don't understand all the negative fuss &amp; hullabalo over this &quot;Director's Expanded Edition&quot; release of an all-time classic - 1992's, &quot;The Last of the Mohicans.&quot; Every scene added to this version enhances the telling of a clear, coherent story. It's pretty much all subtle stuff that serves to strengthen the undercurrents of the film. Yes, there is material, in the form of a line here &amp; there, that is deleted from the original theatrical version, but ... BUTCHERED? Hardly. Forget the familiar, and the film flows in fine form. No longer is Hawkeye portrayed as a 90's pop-hero. Now, he's a bonafide survivalist. The only portion changed that matters is the elimination of Clannad's &quot;I Will Find You&quot; from the soundtrack. I liked that. But, I like the theme music that replaces it, as well. To me, it's a wash. I can enjoy it either way. The extended courier &amp; parlay scenes are well worth the time &amp; effort. Michael Mann's genious shines, even more, in this Director-edited version.<br />Overall, the movie in this version is stronger, ends with more impact, that gave even me - a viewer of this film hundreds of times in my search for the locations - a lump in my throat, and has unmatched, by any other version, sound &amp; picture qualities ... just wait till you see the night scenes at Cameron's Cabin &amp; The Burial Ground ... the color throughout is vibrantly vivid.<br />No problem here! I love it!
1573226521|5.0|This book is an example of man going insane. From the time when Richard (the main character) enters the Beach, you begin to notice changes in his personallity. I thought this was very clever, because you eventually see Richard change completely, and you're with him all the way. This may not be a book which discusses why we search out for paradise as much as an end result of paradise. Great book, obviously I reccomend it.
B000002KBH|5.0|This is the Dead's best album, I don't care what people say about them being better live - I've seen them live and I own most of their live albums and I still prefer &quot;American Beauty&quot; to any of their other work.  'Ripple' is the Dead's best song period and it is followed on this album by their second best song 'Brokedown Palace.'  Both are sung with extraordinary emotion, and they should be seeing as how they both deal with the death of band members parents (Garcia's mother and Lesh's father, respectively).  Also on this album are 'Sugar Magnolia' and 'Candyman' and of course 'Attics of My Life' - listen to the lyrics, they will blow you away, if they don't there's something wrong with you.  No modern band can compare with this - I'm sorry but that's simply the way it is.  Thankyou for your time.
B000056K04|4.0|OK, I admit it, I hated this CD - at first. But give it some time, let the music grate and you'll fall in love with it too. Long-time Matthews fans will be dismayed to hear all of the electric and synthetic music, but they will also be excited by the powerful poetic lyrics, something that I felt was missing from Before this Crowded Streets.<br />Granted, we're going to have to wait until we hear some of these songs in concert (DMB is always best on live tracks), but give Everyday a chance - it's not as bad as some feared.
B000056K04|5.0|It is as simple as this, Dave Is cool because of his many styles all wrapped into one guy. This rock &amp; roll feel is just another mood they can attain at one of their great shows, and is one of the influences that allowed them to attain the stardom they have. more props to the DMB and I hope they make another really different feeling c.d. to prove they can do that style as well, and sound good. The DMB could probably do a celtic / death metal / tibetan monk chanting c.d. and it would still rock.
B000056K04|1.0|I sit at my computer with tears in my eyes. After waiting so long for this album I am bitterley disappointed to find out it is no better than the latest N-Sync offering in terms of comercial dirge. Dave is clearly hoping to fund his retirement by selling this to all the teeny-boppers with no musical taste whatsoever. Every track could easily be the next Britney Spears single. I always wondered if Dave was having his music written by somebody else, and it seems that this is indeed the case, as Noel Gallagher (Oasis) publically refused to write anything for this album because he claimed dave has 'entered into a downward spiral of musical oblivion'. Come on Dave, you're better than this.
B000050IE6|5.0|Another great Death Metal Cd from sweedens big boys. This cd is a must for anybody into melodic death metal a cut above the rest. This band are a gem, they are in the Leagues of Type O Negative, but know how to leave hte word &quot;death&quot; out of their song titles!! Recomended to any lover of the humble acoustic guitar, or of roaring death metal.
6305165912|4.0|Great movie. Full of cranky jokes, very smart and entertaining. I love the soundtrack. They could have hired Adam Sandler to do some funny stuff in here though. :)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden's 12th studio album is absolutely a masterpiece. There is no doubt about that. I'll start by giving you some brief info about each of the 10 songs, and let me point out that all of them (and I want to emphasize the word &quot;all&quot;) hit perfection in their own style. The album kicks off with the amazing fast-paced &quot;The Wicker Man&quot;. It's my favorite of the album, just like the Golden-era Maiden. It reminds me Aces High quite a bit. The chorus is great and the solo's in between the verses will get you hooked in seconds. The next songs, Ghost of the Navigator and the title song are considered by many to be the best of the album. I find both of them very nice, but that's it. Something is missing in them to make them the real album killers. The 4th track is the killer, Blood Brothers, clocking at over seven minutes, this ballad will not be  forgotten soon. I can't express it in word, you just have to buy it. Number 5, The Mercenary, is another catchy tune, very polished indeed. Dream Of Mirrors features Dickinson (which is back by the way) at his very best. The only fault with the song is that it's a little too long (9:21 minutes), and gets a bit repeatative. Track no. 7 is The Fallen Angel, an under-estimated masterpiece, in the same genre of The Wicker Man but a bit lighter. Next one is The Nomad, a song with great oriental  influences, mostly instrumental, great! Out Of The Silent Planet is the second single off the album, and is another catchy tune, with fast changes in the music between the verses this promises to become another classic. The last song, The Thin Line Between Love &amp; Hate, is one of my favorites, featuring great solo's inbetween, an ingenious chorus and also amazingly good lyrics. All in all, this is a great album. Very polished and pertaining to the highest quality. However, don't expect The Number Of The Beast pt. 2. This album does lack some of the excitement of earlier releases (much earlier perhaps). Maiden doesn't need to prove who they are to anybidy, and it shows: They came to do their job, and produced a very high quality heavy metal album like they could do, but without some of the excitement of the 80's.  Still, this is the best Iron Maiden album in a very long time, and surely the best release of the year 2000.  More than that, the legendary Bruce Dickinson and the great guitarist Adrian Smith are back,  featuring a triple guitar attack, and almost the same line-up of the Maiden's golden era,  which makes this album a must buy.<br />LONG LIVE HEAVY METAL!
B000056K04|1.0|Dave's music is really slipping. DMB was once one of my favorite bands, but this new CD proves just how much Dave is losing his talent. Dave's once decent music for a small crowd in Virginia has now gotten so large that not only he has forgotten his roots, but music is no longer the quality that it use to be.
B000006P8I|5.0|This album is simply a must for David Bowie fans. Dodgy 80's material notwithstanding, all of Bowie's albums are absolutely essential listening. This one is no exception. On the other hand, why not get THE DERAM ANTHOLOGY 1966-1968 which includes this album and a load of 'bonus' tracks too?
B000056K04|1.0|I am a huge Dave fan, and was very excited to hear about this new album.  When Before These Crowded Streets came out it was in full on rotation for 6 months in my cd player.  This cd is terrible, absolute garbage.  It sounds more like Third Eye Blind or Matchbox 20 or Creed than anything that Dave has ever done.  A complete 180 degree turn from everything that made Dave unique, original, and worth checking out in the first place.  I offer this up to all the frat boys who don't care as long as its Dave.  Anyone who was seeing this band in 89 with me should truly be sad, for now it is safe to say that they are truly dead.
B000005DQR|5.0|I first listened to \\"Endtroducing\\" while sitting around a campfire with friends as the waves of the ocean crashed against the rocks on the beach below us. I picked up the CD soon afterwards. Even without the ambient of a warm summer night and an ocean mist (and without the various mind-altering effects of alcohol, etc.), \\"Endtroducing\\" is fantastic to listen to, any time, anywhere. You don't have to be a fan of sample-based music or hip hop to appreciate the mellow, alluring and sometimes haunting tracks here. This is one of the best and most original releases of the 1990s....
B000056K04|5.0|With the album Everyday the Dave Matthews Band has taken a leap of faith, and landed squarely on their feet.  At first listen I was a bit taken back, the electric guitar and lack of Boyd in the album is a bit hard to get used to at first, but once you get past what you are expecting to hear, what you do hear is amazing.  The lyrics are amazing and I think this is the best DMB album yet.  I can't wait to hear them play it live.  I hope this finds you feeling healthy
B000056K04|1.0|And I know there are going to be multiple reviews bashing me for saying this.  However, this is not a good album - my friends and I had bets on how long DMB would go until they sold out.  And this album is it...it features too many studio-wrecked pop tunes, and just not enough jamming that made this band special and unique.  There are some songs that certainly have the potential to be good - they begin with grooves that, if developed, would make for some amazing music.  But they appear to be too timid to do this, instead going for bland pop that is guarenteed to get lots of radio time.  Also, the limitations of the band's musical ability (namely their bass player) really shows in this album - in addition to taking less risks, the instrumental work is less harmonically interesting.  Admittedly, &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; is a hard act to follow, but DMB fell far too short with this pathetic excuse for an album.
B00003CX95|5.0|This has got to be one of the best films I have ever seen.  I have read some of the reviews others have given it.  I was surprised by the number of negative comments directed at this film.  &quot;It's not accurate.&quot;  &quot;It's nothing more than a blood bath.&quot;  Wake up and smell the coffee people!  This is an epic Hollywood film.  If you want something accuate, watch the Discovery Channel, or the History Channel.  And as for the battle scenes and the &quot;blood bath&quot; that ensues, that was how it was.  It wasn't very pretty. You ever seen Saving Private Ryan?! And how does anyone today know how it really all went down.  Like Ridley Scott said in his commentary on Gladiator, when ever some &quot;historical expert&quot; told him that this wasn't right, or they never did that back then, Ridley Scott simply said &quot;How do you know?  You weren't there.&quot;  In the director's commentary, Mel Gibson even says for the sake of Hollywood, parts of the tale of William Wallace had to be &quot;Hollywoodized&quot;.  However, this does not take away form the core idea of the story.  I found Braveheart very moving and inspirational.  William Wallace was a passionate man.  He had passion for the woman he loved, love for his country.  I may not have any Scottish blood in me, but I would have fought beside Wallace.  Stand with Wallace through Braveheart.  Watch a legend come to life before your very eyes.  And at the end, you'll be chanting &quot;WALLACE! WALLACE! WALLACE!  FRRRRREEEEEEDDDDDDDOOOOMMMM!
B000056K04|5.0|This is a CAPTIVATING cd! I really love the &quot;new&quot; electric guitar Dave uses. It is something that he has never done before and I think it is the perfect touch to add to this superlative cd. I wouldn't say that this is their best cd because everyone knows that their LIVE cds are the BEST anyway! I have been a fan of these guys for a long time and I tell ya no one can get better than them! To sum it up, I give them 5 trillion stars because they are worth every one of them especially Boyd, aka &quot;the guy who plays the violin&quot;. Keep up the GREAT work guys!
B00003CXE7|1.0|Maybe it was all the hype this movie received but I can not remember a movie that was worse than this one.  I had to turn it off half way through to take a break before returning to the tripe.  I was hoping that somewhere along the line it would get better. The only saving grace of this movie was Joaquin Phoenix.  Russel Crowe's couldn't act his way out of a wet paper bag.  Only epic movie I have seen where I actually was hoping someone would kill the &quot;hero&quot; and put me out of my misery. With all the money that was spent on the movie I would have thought the computer generation would have at least been good, but even that was poor - the scene with the tigers was comical.  As for the historical inaccuracies, using archers or saddles is minor, but a complete distortion of historical fact takes creative license too far.  Did Scott bother to read any Roman hisory at all?  First Aurelius - what the hell was Richard Harris doing in this movie - was not killed by his son Commodus, Aurelius had made Commodus co-emperor several years before he died, Commodus had his sister Lucilla executed after a failed assination attempt, and Commodus was strangled while taking a bath after a failed poisoning attempt by his mistress.  The most amusing thing about the film was that with all the British, Irish, and Australian accents I started to think that the British Empire started long before it actually did.  Overall, a thoroughly terrible movie.  How this movie can be nominated for Best Picture is beyond me.  If you want to see a great movie of this type go rent Spartacus or Ben Hur.
B000021Y74|5.0|I originally was forced to see this movie in my High School German class... Since the first time I saw it i was hooked. I even rented it and made my boyfriend watch it. Just because it's in German doesn't mean you have to know german to see it! I, personally, would recomend the subtitle version. That way you can really tell what they feel through their voices. I have heard it compared to Groundhog's Day and i consider that a crime. Groundhog's Day was a meaningless, horribly boring movie that had no feeling. Run, Lola, Run is actually interesting. Lola must help her boyfriend, Manni, somehow get 100,000 marks in 20 minutes before he has to meet his boss. If he doesn't show up with the money he will get killed. After the first try the movie suddenly goes back to the beginning and Lola deals with a totally different outcome. After the second try, again the movie goes back to the beginning and the movie finally ends with a happy medium, after 2 shots at one extreme or the other. The techno background music helps with the excitement of the plot. This is a movie I definately recommend, even if you just rent it the first time... I promise you, you will regret it if you pass it over!
B000056K04|5.0|Wow... What to say about this album. First off, it's not you're typical DMB product.  First big change, Dave plays electric for the majority of the album which gives a whole new sound to such a great act.   At first, I was a little surprised by the sound, but gradually, as with all of DMB's albums, the groove gets to you after a while.  Catchy guitar riffs and outstanding lyrics really push this one over the edge... Listen to songs like When the World Ends, and especially Fool to Think. My only real complaint (and it isn't major) is that songs like Grey Street, JTR and Sweet Up and Down were not on it. These were fantastic songs that I had heard not only through downloads but also on their summer tour.  So hopefully they will be on a future release. Other than that, DMB remains to be the best band in the world. Great job guys!!!
B000003BEV|5.0|If you take this album all by itself, trying NOT to imagine that it had anything to do with Sgt. Pepper's or even that it was the Stones, you may discover that it is in fact a very beautiful work in and of itself. I've been listening to this since I was a lad; my parents bought it right when it came out and they are more sentimentally attached to it than I am. They are not - nor were they ever - hippies, they just liked the album. It overflows with the sentiments and atmospheres of the comparitively carefree 60's to the extent that my Dad gets very sad when he hears it now. For my part I always felt it had some unusually powerful songs and I am glad that I grew up with it free of any musicological associations that might have prevented me from being able to like it.
B000001FTD|5.0|After listening to the dark, heavy opuses concocted by Metallica, Megadeth and Slayer in this time period, Anthrax's masterpiece sounds a bit lighter, at least lyrically. Don't get me wrong; musically, this record has blazing riffs to spare, bludgeoning bass and drums and the thrash sensibility that made Anthrax one of the top metal bands of the time. But they never fail to toss in some goofball lyrics (this album features two tributes to Stephen King and one ode to Judge Dredd), laughable attempts to be politically correct ('Indians') and the occasional melodic, sing-along chorus. The result is a very solid speed metal disc that provides more lighthearted counterpoint to the doom-laden work of Slayer et al. Besides, the guitar licks are great.
B000056K04|5.0|The new Dave Matthews cd is certainly more poppy and radio friendly than his previous releases.  That's ok though.  Once the band starts its summer tour the boys will take these four minute songs and rearrange them into beautiful jams.  As a longtime fan,  (I started listening to bootleg DMB back when I was a freshman at college in 1991)and an avid concert goer (I've seen him over ten times at the smaller venues and on the stadium tours) I was a little skeptical when Dave hooked up with Glen Ballard and ditched some material he had recently written (hopefully diggin a ditch winds up on some studio recording !).  However after a few listens to Everyday,(I had downloaded the whole cd back in January from Napster before getting the official cd Feb 27) I am hooked. I actually like the shorter arrangements and the tight production.  This is just what the band needed!  Highlights include When the world ends (Dave, why didn't you finish the song?), The space between, So right, Angel, Everyday, (the guest vocalist is incredible!) and my personal favorite Fool to think. The chorus on Fool to think is spectacular, I love the line I'd dance a thousand steps for you. Most reviews I've read from fans and critics have been positive.  Check out the current issue of Rolling Stone as Dave and the boys are on the cover.  Mark my words, you'll be hearing cuts off this cd on modern rock radio stations througout the spring and summer. The DMB is one of the only acts in music that contiually give their fans something new, exciting, and different.  Catch them on tour!!!!!
B000056K04|4.0|Finally, after well over a year of waiting, hungry Dave Matthews Band fans get another masterful studio album from the Charlottesville, VA, group.  Their newest album, entitled Everyday, is DMB's fifth studio album (ninth altogether).  When the first single, \\"I Did It\\" was released on the radio, many called it a disappointment.  It was, at first impression, nothing like the \\"old Dave.\\"  He plays an electric guitar for the majority of his songs, and even the violinist, Boyd Tinsley, had a solo vocal part.  Alas, you can't \\"judge a book by its cover.\\"  Everyday is nothing less than a masterpiece.  Some still say they can't see the \\"old Dave\\" here, but I find myself inserting parts of his older songs without even realizing it.  The emotion and effort the band has put into Everyday is more than has ever been seen in a studio album.  Each instrument has become much more prevalent as well as proficient in expressing the music that is the Dave Matthews Band.  I recommend Everyday to everyone, DMB fan or not.  You may be surprised at what they can do.
0380788624|1.0|After reading Snow Crash and loving it, I was very interested in reading this book.  What a waste of time.  It wasn't until the last few pages that a recognizable plot developed.  The book kept skipping around between time periods, which became rather annoying.  Just leave this on on the shelf!
B00000IB4D|4.0|Santana's fifth LP in 1973, this recording has finally been issued on compact disc in the United States (various import versions of it have been available since the late 80s).  The newly remastered version also restores most of the original LP artwork.  It's nice to have a decent remaster of this; for Santana's more devoted fans, this contains some of his most sophisticated music.<br />With \\"Caravanserai\\", Santana's previous effort, the band had stepped away from rock and turned in a record with no singles (and virtually no vocals).  On \\"Welcome\\", Santana moved even more in the direction of jazz fusion.  Although there are more vocals here than on \\"Caranvanserai\\", the arrangements have more jazz inflections.  \\"Flame-Sky\\" is a fiery duet between Santana and John McLaughlin, while the title track is a John Coltrane piece, given a somewhat radical reinterpretation here.<br />This is less coherent work than Caravanserai, covering more ground musically but less focused.  Still it's one of Santana's six or seven best achievements.
B00004Z459|5.0|Ok, so maybe that was an over-view..  but this CD is one of the best out there.  It's one of the few that you can put into your CD player and let it go beginning to end and enjoy every minute.  And unlike most other bands, the lyrics have meanings, it's incredible!  If you don't already own this, i highly suggest it!
6304673574|5.0|Item description: <br />Born in London, Charlie Chaplin was a very versatile performer who wrote and directed almost all of his silent pictures and composed the musical scores for all of his sound films. Often called &quot;the funniest man in the world&quot; Chaplin is at his best in this collection of silent-comedy shorts. If you enjoy old silent comedies, you'll love these wonderful treasures from the past. A must for your video collection. <br />CONTAINS THE FOLLOWING --  VOL 1 CRUEL CRUEL LOVE(1914) A FILM JOHNNY(1914) TRIPLE TROUBLE (1918)<br />VOL 2 THE GOOD FOR NOTHING (1914) CHARLIES RECREATION(1914) WORK(1915)<br />VOL 3 KID AUTO RACES IN VENICE(1914) THE RIVAL MASHERS(1914)  A NIGHT OUT(1915)<br />VOL 4 KNOCK OUT(1914) BETWEEN SHOWERS(1914) A DAYS PLEASURE(1919) VOL 5 SUNNYSIDE(1919) HOT FINISH(1915)<br />The pathos that Charlie brings to ALL his films knows no boundaries. In our modern day life, it is easy to want the bells and whistles of modern films, BUT the bells and whistles were NOT available 85 years ago! These movies are priceless, and well worth watching. And these movies appeal to all, much like Shakespeare's plays appeal to all eho care to learn.
0425152251|5.0|I have one word to describe this novel: Genius! I absolutely loved it. I couldn't have learned more about Philosophy if I had taken a course on it! Mind you, I'm not in University yet, but &quot;Sophie's World&quot; has convinced me to take a Philosophy course as soon as I get there! If you haven't read this book, I sincerely suggest you do so, and quickly! ~Ja ne, Sora T.
B000002N2Z|5.0|It's the Deftones! You should love it anyway! But if you MUST have a reason, it would have to be that this is the heaviest of their three albums and Chino's renound &quot;screaming whisper&quot; has mind-boggling affects on any listener's brain! It's like you are listening to God! Heavier guitar and more rap-metal (cuz the Deftones created rap metal!) and enough quality to put every Limp Bizkit lover to shame (cuz I hate Fred). Buy this CD! Buy ALL of their CDs! Buy one for everyone you know! I have about 200 CDs and I only listen to this one! You won't be dissapointed!
B00000255F|5.0|Bruce Springsteen's Born to Run opened my eyes like a kiss parts your lips.  The songs are unbelievable, the stories are moving, and the legend is simply incredible.  This is exactly what rock 'n' roll is meant to be.  Tales of love, heart-break, short commings, dreams, and reality.  It is absolutely beautiful.  If you do not own this album, you are missing out on a greater part of this world.  The feeling of closing your eyes and listening to this CD is undescribable, as you are taken away, truely taken away, to the most beautiful land of music immaginable.<br />Do yourself a favor and make a $15 investment in your emocions.  It is beautiful.
6305537798|5.0|Many people - mainly adults - put down teen flicks these days. Being a teen myself, I can say that it's probably because most adults don't think and act the way we do...which means they have different tastes in everything - including movies! But just because you see a movie and it looks as though it's gonna be labeled as a &quot;teen flick&quot;, doesn't mean that it's actually a bad film; it might actually (believe it or not) be awesome! And that's what 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU is. I have to admit though that I do intend to enjoy many of the teen flicks that are out there these days such as SHE'S ALL THAT, DROP DEAD GOREGOUS, BRING IT ON, RUSHMORE, DRIVE ME CRAZY, the SCREAM series, the I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER series, IDLE HANDS, CRUEL INTENTIONS, THE FACULTY, and many others not listed here. But hey, what can you expect from a 17-year-old American girl? (It's not surprising that I love most of the cute guys that are in these movies, too!) But trust me, 10 THINGS I HATE ABOUT YOU is an excellent teen flick with an excellent casting assemble, starring some of today's hottest young &quot;teen flick&quot; actors such as Julia Stiles, Joseph-Gorden Levitt, and Heath Ledger, along with many others. This movie is based on a modernized version of one of William Shakespeare's plays (I forget which one). It takes place at a high school in Seattle, Washington. The movie is about this new kid who comes to the school, Cameron (Joseph-Gorden Levitt), and who tries to win over a girl named Bianca who is of course very beautiful and perfect. The only problem is, is that Bianca's not allowed to date (ordered by her strict father) until her older rebellion sister, Kat (Julia Stiles), does! When Cameron finds this out, he pays a cool, snobish model-jock, Joey Donner (Andrew Keegan), to find someone who Kat will go out with. If Joey does this for Cameron, then Cameron promised him Joey will get to date Bianca (whom Joey is also in love with). Hearing this, Joey goes off andfinally discovers the dark, mysterious Patrick Verona (Heath Ledger) who seems to be the perfect match for Kat, since they have so much in common. Joey then pays Patrick to take her on a date, and Patrick and Kat end up falling in love and even go to the prom together. This is great for Cameron because Cameron was able to ask Bianca out and they end up going to Kat and Patrick's Prom. Kat and Patrick also end up going to the Prom and everything seems perfect until Joey (who is furious at Cameron for &quot;stealing his girl&quot;) shouts out during the Prom that he paid Patrick to go out with Kat so he could go out with Bianca! Then Kat gets mad at Patrick for thinking that he lied to her and leaves! (I don't want to spoil the entire movie so I won't say what happens at the end.) And now that Patrick has fallen in love with Kat, he must find a way to win her back. This is a great movie full of teen romance and comedy - a great flick for any teenager!
0395759242|5.0|I discovered King Leopold's Ghost while doing a research on Congo after reading C.S. Forester's book The Sky and the Forest, presently being discussed on the A&amp;E boards. Reading Hochschild's book was very useful in understanding a great part of the Congo history. I also read Heart of Darkness but it only added more questions for me and Hochschild's book had all the answers.  I consider Hochschild's book just as commendable as Morel's work a century earlier. Hochschild especially for bringing this topic to the attention of today's generations and learn so much about a forgotten history or a history many of us had never learned before.  Forester's book The Sky and the Forest is a tale told from the natives' perspective, divine king Loa and his people who lived through the horrors of the Arab slave trade and then saw their kingdom destroyed by King Leopold's army.  Hochschild's book answered so many questions I had while reading Forester's book, I wanted to know all about the Congo and became fascinated with the story of Morel and many other supporters who worked so hard for the Congo's cause. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who read The Sky and the Forest.
B00004XS3K|5.0|I recently watched Bad Boys and Will Smith was excellant and so was Martin. If you are planning on buying a great funfilled exciting cop movie this is it. I rate this movie an A++++++
B00004XOWM|5.0|this by far is the best limp bizkit album ever. i had bought signiikent other when it first came out and loved it. so when chocolate starfish came out i rushed to buy it. Even though it has a PARENTAL ADVISORY  on it doesn't really matter. i would still recomend ages 13 and up to buy this cd. other wise it's the best cd of 2000!
B000000WCV|5.0|Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel De Honem Christo show their genius in this album, from 'Phoenix' to 'Fresh', each song is brilliantly produced and mixed. My favorite electronic music album of all time. You can also hear more from Thomas on his Roule label, and Guy-Manuel on his Crydamoure label.
B000059WOD|5.0|Linkin Park's Album Titled &quot;Hybrid Theory&quot; is one of my favotite CDs of all time. I have to say that every track on the CD has is excellent. They are all worthy of music videos. Tracks that stand out to me are: Track 1 &quot;Papercut&quot;, Track 2 &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, Track 7 &quot;By Myself&quot;, Track 8 &quot;In The End&quot;, Track 9 &quot;A Place For My Head&quot;, and Track 12 &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;. If you want some excellent Nu-Metal type music I highly suggest buying this CD.
B00004STPT|5.0|It has a poetic theme of fate to it, and in a sense you have to understand the mood it sets for you to appreciate the music.  With all the new ways to stretch out music, you really have to listen to hear whether or not the music is really just mindless repeats, or that moment in a moment type of phrase.
B000002UB6|5.0|Argon78 Tape #1b - Recorded on January 2, 1985<br />    This was the last album released by the Beatles (Abbey Road was recorded last, but released before this one) and, over the years, has received quite a bad rap from the fans and, at times, from the Beatles themselves.  (Paul McCartney hated Phil Spector's production, especially on &quot;The Long and Winding Road&quot;, and John Lennon, in defending Spector, derided the musical quality of the songs from the &quot;Get Back&quot; sessions).  <br />    I personally feel that the criticism surrounding this album is rather unwarranted.  Perhaps it's not the Beatles best album, or even one of their better ones.  However, taken in a vacuum, most of the songs on this album are very, very good.  It's only because the Beatles set such high standards that an album that might qualify as one of their worst (or least good?) can be considered a very good, if not great album.<br />    My favorite songs on this album are: &quot;Two of Us&quot;, with the beautiful two-part duet harmonizing by John and Paul and pretty acoustic guitar picking (by Paul?), John's beautiful &quot;Across the Universe&quot; with it's pretty lyric and equally poignant melody (I actually like the version on Rarities better - the one with the birds and gazelles at the beginning...), &quot;Let It Be&quot; is a highlight in the career of many highlights for Paul McCartney...beautifully played and sung with incredible lyrics; &quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot; makes me feel good, and I love the vocal interplay between John and Paul and even the drumming by Ringo; &quot;Get Back&quot; just plain rocks out with great guitar playing, a driving beat and Billy Preston playing a terrific electric piano solo (I just love the sound of the electric piano...); and &quot;For You Blue&quot; is a really nice George Harrison blues song in the style of Elmore James (to whom he actually refers during one of the solos...)  There are some other songs on this album - most of which are good, just not favorites, and a couple of which are a bit weak.  So, what do you give an album with 6 great, great songs, 4 or so very good ones and a couple of not so great?  I would give it 4 1/2 stars, and in this case, round it up to 5 because it's the Beatles and they're my favorite...so there!
B00004XOWM|5.0|this by far is the best limp bizkit album ever. i had bought signiikent other when it first came out and loved it. so when chocolate starfish came out i rushed to buy it. Even though it has a PARENTAL ADVISORY  on it doesn't really matter. i would still recomend ages 13 and up to buy this cd. other wise it's the best cd of 2000!
B000000WCV|5.0|Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel De Honem Christo show their genius in this album, from 'Phoenix' to 'Fresh', each song is brilliantly produced and mixed. My favorite electronic music album of all time. You can also hear more from Thomas on his Roule label, and Guy-Manuel on his Crydamoure label.
6305470464|5.0|This has got to be one of the best movies I have ever seen! It will make you laugh and cry. I could watch it again and again. This is Ryan Phillippe's greatest role so far.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I decided to check out the music of Belle and Sebastion simply based on the description they were given by other people.  I figured any band that is often mentioned in the same sentance as The Smiths couldn't be all bad.  It didn't take me long to realize why a lot of people consider the two bands so similar.  Both weave abstract stories using themes of melencholy, sexual frustration, and everything in between.  Both contain a timeless sound that can be appreciated by lovers of any musical genre.<br />Though there are simularities, Belle and Sebastion is certainly a band unique in themselves.  Listening to their music is like sitting alone on a grassy hillside on cloudy day.  For the most part it is peaceful, but every so often a gust of wind will blow past you so fast its gone before you realize its there.  Lyrically they display a maturity that has unfortunatly become a rare thing in modern music, and the musicianship is so solid it almost sounds effortless.<br />Belle and Sebastian is a fantastic band and I hope to hear many great things from them in the future.
B000002UYZ|4.0|Argon Tape # 1a - Committed to tape on January 2, 1985<br />   This was the first tape in my entire collection of over 700 cassettes which probably comprises something along the lines of 1200 albums, all told.  So, why start here?  I was NOT a novice fan at this point...I had collected all the American versions of the Beatles catalogue (including the Rarities albums - both British and American) when I first started putting my records (and my dad's) onto tape.  I started with this album because it is a good representation of the Beatles big hits from this era and was, to me, such an obvious part of any rock-based record collection (it was a staple to almost all my friends' collections - and this was, already the mid-80s...).<br />    I give this album only 4 stars because, although these songs are absolutely classic, they are not by any means my favorite Beatles songs from their early period...but that of course, is purely personal preference...I would recommend this album (and it's companion, the 1967-1970 Blue album) to anyone who wants to take their first foray into the amazing world of the Beatles...If you like these songs, I can almost guarantee you'll love the rest of their catalog...Then you can put together (as I have done) you're own &quot;greatest hits&quot; compilation...Enjoy!!
B0000025ZK|1.0|I am so sorry to have to say this, but please don't waste your money on this CD. I love Pink Floyd, and David Gilmour's guitar playing has been transporting me to higher planes for years and years. BUT! That was with the entire unit, known as Pink Floyd. Together, they were a whole, but apart they just don't cut it, in my opinion. Together, Roger provided unequalled mind expanding lyrics and energy, Gilmour provided the unbelievably emotional guitar licks, Rick gave us the depth and atmosphere with those oh so eery layers of synths, tear jerking piano flourishes, and thought provoking minimalistic organ solos, and Nick provided the slow, methodical beats to it all. It all came together to produce a musical experience like no other. This About Face CD, with all the Poppish eighties sounds, the lack of a concept, and no energy whatsoever, combine to provide you with nothing more than pure boredom. I was not moved by this, or any other Solo attempt from the other band members. Please guys, get back together and give us some REAL music again !!!!!!!! .. Thank you , those are just my thoughts on the matter, for those of you who enjoy this CD, I'm glad you do. But I do not.
6302206286|3.0|Prince of Thieves was MEANT to be entertaining nothing more.  Purists should stick with Basil Rathbone and Company. My two problems with this version are the witch and the attempted rape scene.  Brian Blessed did an exceptionally wonderful job as Robin's Father, pity he died early on.<br />Morgan Freeman, Kevin Costner, Mary Elizabeth and of course Sean Connery were the backbone of this film.  I had a great time watching it!
B000003TA4|5.0|How pop music went from Smells Like Teen Spirit to actual teen spirit is beyond me. Anyhow, Nevermind is a stroke of brilliance, and it combined loud, hard-headed punk with a more slick, mainstream sound, making it one of the most listenable hard rock albums ever. But it wasn't just a good radio album, it was good period. Great even. In fact, it was a masterpiece.<br />I know if Kurt Cobain were still alive he'd kill me for saying this, but Butch Vig's production really shaped Nirvana and made them who they are today. It's true. While it wasn't as raw (and raw isn't necessarily a good thing in my book) as Bleach or as true to the band as In Utero, Nevermind served its purpose as a well produced and very well written record. The sound summed up the alienation felt by 90's youth with its blaring guitars, very loud drums (Dave Grohl is one of the best drummers ever, hands down), and the intense vocal stylings of Cobain.<br />The songs are genius. The incredibly catchy yet meaningful singles &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot;, &quot;In Bloom&quot;, &quot;Come As You Are&quot;, and &quot;Lithium&quot; all basically sum up the different aspects of the album, which is to say, diverse. In between the slow melodic &quot;Polly&quot;, an acoustic song, and the fast and loud punk rock sound of &quot;Stay Away&quot;, there's something on this album for every fan of rock and roll.<br />There's such a thing as selling out, and thank god Nirvana did it. With great production, their previously choppy and plodding sound got &quot;fixed&quot; so to speak, allowing their brilliant lyrics and song writing to take center stage. While calling Nevermind the best album of the 90's is questionable, it certainly was the most important album of the 90's, and it helped shape the sound of the decade's rock more than any other. No music collection is complete without it.
630521610X|5.0|I think SCREAM is the best movie ever made. It has everything a person could want in a movie - horror, comedy, action, drama, and its very well acted. I think it has a great story especially its back-story and I think it was very well directed. I love Neve Campbell and I think she was born to play our lead heroine, Sidney Prescott. Courtney Cox and David Arquette fit their roles very nicely too. And the supporting cast - Drew Barrymore, Skeet Ulrich, Jamie Kennedy, Matthew Lillard, Rose McGowan and Henry Winkler are great too. The cameos are fun to spot - Linda Blair, Wes Craven, etc. And the behind-the-scenes people are legends and it shows in this movie. This movie never fails to entertain! Its story is fresh and real, two things rarely seen in horror films and the actors bring a big sense of tenderness and emotion to their characters which makes it easy to not only relate to the characters, but to easily get into the film. I truly see this film as a classic and an A+! Its also one of those movies you can watch again and again and find things you never noticed before and it's still very enjoyable. The DVD is incredible, especially this Collector's Series. It has two behind-the-scenes featurettes which are very informative. As well as a Did You Know...feature that gives you alot more information about the film and things that relate to it. The audio commentary is quite funny and gives you a look at the film through the eyes of the director, Wes Craven and writer, Kevin Williamson. This is a very good DVD and offers many, many special features that are interesting and enjoyable. This is a must have DVD for anyone that loved SCREAM or anyone that loves horror movies that are smart, funny and makes you feel like you're a part of the terror!                      IT'S A SCREAM BABY!!!
0783228317|5.0|This is a first class interpretation of Thompson's book. Pure Gonzo Journalism set to film. Johnny and Benicio's portrayal of Duke and Gonzo are seamless. It's a real tribute to them that they BECAME Hunter Thompson and Oscar Ocosta. There is no doubt that the chaos is real.
B000002U82|5.0|The first time I herd Dark Side of the Moon I fell in love. Its the one piece of music that can be played in time to every aspect of my life. It soothes me when i'm anxious. It calms me when i'm angry. It mellowes me when i'm sad. And it excites me when i'm down. I won't tell you my favorite tune on this album because i believe its a personal experience to me, which I cannot explain to you in words.  Its also a great album to make love to. My 8-track version sadly was eaten during one such occasion, a very sad time for me, but the memory was worth it. If you decide to purchace this album you will not be dissappointed. Guaranteed, well worth the Money.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A ... The album incorporates a wealth of instruments intothe mix and ventures out beyond the world of pop music. From beginningto end, it has the ability to paint out landscapes in your mind andchange your moods drastically with its unique use of synthesizers andcomputers.<br />The thing that sets Kid A apart from other ambient andcomputer dominant albums is Thom Yorke.  His voice is like no other,and he expresses so much in this album...hope, despair, sadness, andmostly, confusion. But, leave it to the band to manipulate and mutatethe vocals to add to the 3D atmosphere of the songs.  These vocalscombined with the experimental and abstract music prove to be acompletely mind boggling experience.<br />While the album does follow astoryline, exactly what the story is is irrelevant. That's for thelistener to decide. And that's the beauty of it...the never-endingpossibilities of what this or that could mean. The first time I heardThom's synthesized voice singing the lyrics, &quot;There are twocolors in my head, what was that you tried to say&quot; whilegibberish builds up in both ears, the way the words spoke to the musicand vice versa grabbed me.  After I finished listening to the album, Ispent the rest of the night contemplating how the songs tied intoeachother, and what the album meant as a whole.<br />Radiohead must... have created songs with so much complexity and depth in the lyricsand sound. Kid A sounds like something ... could've made. And in thatlight, it is certainly not for everyone. While Radiohead managed toalienate about half of their fans with this, the other half and thepeople who are just beginning to tune in are most definitelysatisfied. While ...  was the album that revolutionized music, Kid Ais the future of music.
0486411818|4.0|I think this book is a good book to have,but i feel it is a little too mathematical.
6303908306|3.0|Benicio is the Reason to see this film more than three times. The first few times it's great. Then I found myself watching up until his character leaves the movie and kind of bored with the rest. It is a good movie but Benicio made it for me.
B000005RST|5.0|I Had the cassette of this title since 1991, date enigma released this first album. I bought yesterday the limited edition CD with 4 extra tracks that are worth having. Words are insufficient to describe this CD as the music contained in is very special. It transports you to heaven with soft music, well contained beats and gregorian chants that are a masterpiece. If there is a CD you must have, it is this one, whatever taste you like, it is THE ONE.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer contains the substance that too many albums of its era lacks. The songs tie in very well with eachother, yet they're each different in their own way. And while they aren't instantly memorable, they begin to grow on you more and more as you listen to them. While radio and television is filled with extremely catchy sing-a-long pop songs, the songs on this album have long-term potential and are simply timeless.<br />What sets OK Computer apart from everything else is its experimentation. A lot of the songs are very complex and use a wide range of sound effects and keyboards. As complicated as it sounds on paper, Radiohead knows how to stick to their pop sensibilities, and while the album isn't quite suited for radio, it has the quality of being able to appeal to many different people on different levels.<br />Like any contender for album of the decade, OK Computer does not have any filler. You can listen to the album front to back, which I do about five or six times a day, without skipping a single track. Jonny Greenwood's innovative guitar and awe-inspiring keyboards, along with Thom Yorke's angelic and haunting vocals, are the standout of the album. It's quite a task to pick a favorite...between the beautiful and soulful &quot;Let Down&quot;, the haunting and intricate &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot;, and the sheer simplicity of the moving &quot;No Surprises&quot;, the album has no weak point.<br />After my first listen through, I was thankful that music this special is out there. This album is simply legendary, and it raises the bar for the rest of the music industry. And although it might not be for everyone, it will most likely leave a lasting impression on you. OK Computer is brilliant, a masterpiece, and it reminds us why we listen to music in the first place.
B000056K04|3.0|I should preface this review with fact that I am a huge dmb fan.  In the past few years, I've had the luxury to see over 30 shows, and there is nothing better than a dmb show!  For those of you are familiar with prior albums, this is a step away from those.  A step in Glen Ballards direction.  As much as I did not care for the released single &quot;I Did It&quot;, I was going to buy this album regardless.  Some reviews have classified this album as emotional...  Emotional??...  In a commercial sense, if at all?!  What's missing?  A jam tune, a ballad...  Pretty much, they all fall under the same mix.  If you like one tune, you're bound to like them all.  It seemed to be a secret situation for some time, why the previous summer 2000 release date for the new album was pushed back.  Having axxed the prior recorded album, and teaming up with Glen Ballard, this is the long awaited result?  Having seen a handful of shows this summer and fall, I would very much have preferred an album with &quot;Grey Street&quot;, &quot;Sweet Up and Down&quot;, &quot;Bartender&quot;, etc...  I have held back from the upcoming summer tour, as I'm not so keen to see this material live. Will this album receive more radio play?  I'm sure!  Although that's not what this band is about!  If I had to pick a highlight or two, I'd say the fallback riff in &quot;The Space Between&quot;, &quot;If I Had It All&quot;, and &quot;Angel&quot;.  And to close...  If U2 could win multiple Grammy Awards, with such a plain jane record as &quot;Beautiful Day&quot;, perhaps this album is more deserving in praise?!  In the interim...  I'll be searching for live tracks of the tunes that were axxed.
B000056K04|5.0|After 3 years of waiting, DMB has finally released &quot;Everyday.&quot;  By far, they are the best band out there, and this CD proves it.  I don't like to analyze to much, but rather listen to what music is saying.  The CD starts out quick with I Did It, and continues on, every song flowing after the other.  Everyone can relate to something in &quot;Everyday,&quot; and that's what music should do for people.  Great job DMB, you got my vote for Album of the Year in the 2002 Grammy's!
B000000993|5.0|With their angst-ridden hard rock, Tool appears to be something new, but the band falls right into metal's grand tradition of white male adolescent aggression. It's the angry, politically aware lyrics that qualifies this as &quot;alternative rock,&quot; because their grinding, assaultive attack isn't that different from Helmet, or Iron Maiden and Black Sabbath, for that matter. Anyone who found &quot;Sober&quot; both rocking and disturbing will undoubtedly be thrilled with Undertow's pulverizing consistency.
068483605X|5.0|I avoided reading WD for many years, having made the mistake many people do, that this is a book intended for children.  I couldn't be more wrong.  From the first pages, I was enthralled and hooked on the story.  It is unique, different from anything else you may read.  <br />Adams' detailed descriptions of the English countryside, down to the individual names of flowers and plants, added much to the ambiance of the story.  But the rabbits of course are the real stars.  Fiver, Hazel, Bigwig, Blackberry, and the maniacal General Woundwort, are all clearly drawn and very evocative.  I ended up caring deeply for these rabbits and their heroic, epic struggle for their goal, a place they can call home.<br />I will admit that when the Sanderford warren was destroyed, I put the novel down and could not resume reading for a month.  It affected me that much.  And when Hazel passed on at the end of the book, it was one of the most lyrical, poetic things I have ever read.  It never fails to raise a lump in my throat, and I am a man in his late forties!<br />If you haven't already, do yourself a favor and read this book.  You will be richly rewarded.
B00005214X|5.0|There's little to add after so many people have already shared their opinions. IT'S CLASSIC. Why is it so dear to me? Hard to explain, but if you were born after John lennon had been killed every remastered recording gives a sensetion of owning a original tape. It provides the possibility of travelling to past. When I listened to it I felt as if 60s are still here. And new &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; version only is worth bying the whole CD. It's a pity, though, that you can't listen it on the really greeaaat volume if you happen to have not-particularly-keen-on-anything-Hare-Krishnaish neibours. &quot;If Not For You&quot; - let all Bob Dylan fans pardon me - in George performance is ideal. The advice is simple: if you don't own it yet - &quot;here it is, come and get it&quot;
B000002UV1|5.0|The Chili Peppers' playing on Mother's Milk is more metallic than ever, thanks to newcomers Chad Smith (drums) and especially John Frusciante (guitar). Thanks to their presence, Kiedis and Flea sound reinvigorated in their performances, but the material is inconsistent, with too much of the second half in particular seeming like undeveloped, loud-fast-manic schtick. Still, there are more than enough quality tracks to make the filler worth sorting through, most obviously the heavy reworking of Stevie Wonder's &quot;Higher Ground&quot; and the cautionary, heartfelt &quot;Knock Me Down,&quot; as well as several others scattered over the album.
B00003CXFG|3.0|This was a fun movie to watch on the weekends with the wind blowing outside, ice forming on the windows--sort of like the weather in this really effective excursion into fantasy. The actor who makes this movie really work is the sexy, powerful Vin Diesel. My one gripe: he never took off his jersey! Some scenes would have benefited creatively if the audience could have seen much more of Disel in the altogether(it's my same complaint with 'Gladiator'--Russell Crowe is always covered up). We wanted to see all of Diesel's muscles at work. I could see this guy easily in the Marlon Brando role in &quot;The Wild Ones.&quot; Diesel will be around for a long time.
B000056K04|5.0|So by now we can see the Dmb sound of old has sort of faded into a more developed rock sound. Though this may be true, the only real difference with this album is the presence of an electric guitar. Essentialy if you were to do an unplugged version of this album, the Dmb of old would ring true. I believe it is this cd were dave finally shows that he can write a song. For so long the talent of the muscianship has been shown and thus proven. Now it seems that Dave wanted to let his songs take the test. This studio album does exactly what a studio album should do, play you the songs. Now when we see them live we can see how  a true &quot;jam&quot; evolves. I believe the live shows will only become better, because we know not what to expect. Some of the most impressive moments on the album are in &quot;When the world ends&quot;, a suggestive story with the typical worship of woman from dave we have grown to love. To &quot;The Space Between&quot;, a riveting ballad that keeps building and tells of what we hide in. &quot;What you Are&quot; A mockery of the world, this song says the we are not really living, and that &quot;Live safe say why, Don't you know When you live life Then you become What you are&quot;. Overall this is the best dave studio cd to date and I am looking forward to many more like this, and many more great live shows. Peace
B00004RFFL|5.0|Okay Okay! The director isn't trying to make the movie cool or creepy just trying to fit 2 perect actors in a great movie! except they didn't have 1 thing... Something called intentional feelings! I mean the needed that!!!!!!! charlize theron is cute and johnny is SEXY!!! So it's must see movie! I mean it's awesome!
B0000214F0|5.0|For those who enjoy films about ancient Rome - Caligula is the most accurate representation of the decadance of the time.<br />The DVD quality is superb.  Without reservation, this is worth owning for those who collect.
B00004TJTS|5.0|I think people keep expecting this movie to be more than whatit was intented to be, I see people giving it 4 stars and saying that&quot; It was just another boy and his dog film...but &quot; whilethat is true, usualy most people are smart enough pick that out fromthe cover.  This film has to start with that basic premise, but byseeing it for what it is, it becomes so much more.  I liked it so muchI bought the sound track.  Trust me when I say it is not a clichemovie, If you love animals it will make you cry.  For me it's tough tofind that in a movie.  Rent it first, though, I did and I am buyingthe DVD ..., tomorow.  END
B00001NFCY|4.0|It's cool to see a band do just &quot;traditional&quot; rock n' roll sometimes with no samples, gimmicks, conformity to what is popular at the time of it's release. I'm sure that others would find a much deeper meaning to many of the songs on Human Clay- I just find them fun to listen to.<br />As I previously stated- It's great to see a band doing just &quot;good ol' rock&quot; That's the impression I get with Creed.<br />Creed has enormous talent and Human Clay is a very good CD. Buy it- this CD will be a classic in a very fickle recording business.<br />Try NOT to jam to &quot;Higher&quot;
0399146253|3.0|This novel was ok, helped to fill you in on the why and how, but spent too much time inside Kay's head.  Also, because of this, she writes the novel in first person, which is different from all her previous novels, which makes it a little harder to read if you are used to reading Cornwell's other style.  I think this book was okay, but not one of Cornwell's best.
B00004UEDQ|4.0|This was a rental, and it was a pleasant surprise, as this film seemed to have not done too well at the box office. Sandra Bullock proves why she's one of Hollywood's top actresses -- she can act and people like her! She always seems to saturate her performances with sincerity, inviting audiences to relate to her characters, and it's no exception with Gwen. She's convincing and humourous as the alcoholic-in-denial, and we watch her come to terms with her addiction as the film progresses. Azura Skye also turns in a strong and sympathising performance as the drug addict who befriends Gwen. Viggo Mortensen, who was wonderful in A Perfect Murder, turns in a good performance; unfortunately, his character, Eddie, is underdeveloped, and one wonders why he's in the film to begin with. But despite that, the film is pleasant. It's not earth-shattering or a must-see (the ending is rather predictable), but it's a lot better than what else is on Blockbuster's shelves.
0316777722|2.0|With his latest book I got the distinct impression that David Sedaris had run out of amusing episodes in his own past to write about other than a few things that were clearly from the bottom of the barrel.  So a lot of the book is written about experiences he has had since becoming a well known writer and there is a &quot;gosh aren't I unique in my way of life and attitude&quot; aspect to these that just isn't endearing in the way that his self view from Naked and Barrel Fever were.  A good part of the attempted humor is his restructuring into English of conversations he and others had in the process of learning French.  Funny for the first paragraph, but gets old quickly because it is such a blatantly manipulative humorous device.<br />Coming to this book alone I would have given it 3 stars, but having enjoyed Naked and Barrel Fever so much, points off for disappointment in light of high expectations. . .
0375501851|1.0|This book is okay, but definitely not worth all the hype it has received. Yes it is an entertaining read, but at the end of it, all I can say is &quot;So what?&quot; This book did not touch my soul in any way. I also found her style to be HUGELY derivative of Salman Rushdie. A good pick if you are going to imitate someone's style,  but not particularly original. And if you like that style of writing (which I do), why not read the master himself? Overall I'd give this book a big: don't bother.
B000056PWV|3.0|Rear Window is one of those films that tends to be over-rated most of the time. Definately not the best Hitchcock film in my book. The performances of James Stewart and Grace Kelly are wonderful to watch, but the plot is not exceptional. Yes, the film itself is suspensful, but do you want to watch a two hour picture whose subject is a handicapped photographer trying to solve what he thinks is a murder mystery? <br />If you really want to watch Hitchcock's masterpieces, I would recommend Vertigo, Psycho, Rebecca, The Birds and North By Northwest.
B0000025H0|5.0|this cd is terribly underrated.it seemed people were getting tired of santana and quit paying attention to them.its a shame this cd didnt get all the attention it deserves.alex lingertwood has a great soulful voice and it fits perfectly into the music.one of my very favorites is aqua marine.a delightful laid back instramental.i also love the rocker,all i ever wanted.marathon is a truly a gem and should gain the respect it deserves.all in all a superb album.
B00004THAY|5.0|How can this album be described as anything other than phenomenal?  I cant think of a better blues pair album since Stevie Ray Vaughan and Albert King's &quot;In Session&quot;.  Clapton has inovated the industry, bringing an almost rock-feel to the blues, and BB King... well... he IS the industry when it comes to blues.  To pair these men together on an album is simply divine.<br />I was surprised to see the title track on television.  The blues isnt exactly a very popular genre these days, but no less &quot;Riding with the King&quot; is probably the most tame of the tracks.  It is very rock/pop like... with minimal improv.  Its no wonder MTV would play it.  The heart of the album in on tracks like &quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot; where both BB and Clapton really let loose.<br />The upbeat feeling of &quot;I Wanna Be&quot; is surprising for a blues album, but none the less shows of some of the duo's licks.  Accoustic numbers like &quot;Key to the Highway&quot; and &quot;Worried Life Blues&quot; prove that these two excell in anything with six strings.<br />This is an incredible album, and a dream come true for blues fans.  Clapton and BB dreamed of finally getting together in the studio, and the dream came true.  Many of their fans' dreams also came true the day this album was released.  Go run... run FAST... and buy this NOW.  You will not regret it in the least!!
0375501851|2.0|This book comes with a lot of hype. The blurbs are filled with the words &quot;funny&quot; and &quot;witty&quot;. And it needs some humour to carry it along, since there isn't much in the way of dramatic structure. Unfortunately, for me at least, the laughs (or giggles or even smirks) were not thick on the ground. To be fair, I haven't finished the book. I kept asking myself &quot;Why am I reading this?&quot;, without coming up with a good answer. The biggest problem is Archie, one of the protagonists. Given that the novel starts off in 1975, &quot;drip&quot; seems the appropriate word to describe him. A greater understanding of this character is not something the average reader would crave. Zadie Smith does do some things well in this novel. Her ear for dialogue is good, and she does the various ethnic dialects convincingly (although an American audience can't really know how authentic they are). And she writes about interracial relations in an insightful way. But it still didn't make me want to slog through this.
B000002JSR|3.0|and indeed everything did go...sort of.  though later it would be realized that at least one more track hadn't been used (&quot;baby come on home&quot;, included on the second zep box set in 93), this album does an admirable job of sating fans thirst for zeppelin one last time.  i personally think they could have made the album better by including &quot;hey hey what can i do&quot; and &quot;travelling riverside blues&quot; on it, but that's not for me to decide.  at least those tracks were made available later.  anyway, on to the matter at hand.  this album lacks the cohesiveness of a zep album proper, but given that the songs were collected from a 12 year span, this is to be expected.  &quot;ozone baby&quot; is the standout here, to me anyway.  jonesy's bass really anchors this song.  plant's vocals are a thing of beauty here, and page's guitar rocks out fifties style only better.  &quot;wearing and tearing&quot; must've been their attempt to sound punk.  it doesn't sound punk, but that's okay with me.  &quot;we're gonna groove&quot; cooks, &quot;poor tom&quot; would've been better on &quot;III&quot; than &quot;hats off to (roy) harper&quot;, and &quot;walter's walk&quot; is pretty decent.  i never cared for &quot;darlene&quot; too much, or for &quot;i can't quit you baby.&quot;  and the drum solo &quot;bonzo's montreux&quot; is good for at least a couple of listens, but the lack of accompaniment makes it get old after that.  a good lp to round out the collection but you don't want to start here.
B00003CXGG|5.0|Thats the only word to describe this movie it's the best if you like non-stop action packed movies. There is also a little flame going with Jet Li and Aaliyah in the movie. So all in all it's the perfect movie to buy and watch with your girl you'll both enjoy it.
B000002J09|5.0|it is impossible to do a review of this album without mentioning track four, that classic among classics, &quot;stairway to heaven.&quot;  the song is incredible.  what more can you say?  everyone has heard it and everyone has their opinion. as for the rest of the album, it is also classic.  &quot;black dog&quot; was my introduction to zeppelin, the very first song i heard by them.  it is essentially electric blues, and plant's vocals are the showcase attraction here.  my personal favorite on here is &quot;going to california.&quot;  i tend to really dig zep's acoustic stuff, and this song, like &quot;bron-yr-aur&quot; and &quot;tangerine&quot;, tend to take me to another place, where there's tall grass, and sunshine, and soft music, and the one i love...but i digress.  &quot;when the levee breaks&quot; is a wonderful blues number, with bonzo's thunderous drumming the staple of the track.  i didn't care too much for &quot;the battle of evermore&quot; and its the song that generally makes me rate this album just below &quot;houses of the holy&quot; among zep's albums.  i'm in the minority on that but so be it.  this album didn't have the atmosphrerics that &quot;houses&quot; had but i'm reviewing &quot;IV&quot; not &quot;houses&quot; so...anyway, all the other tracks, &quot;rock and roll&quot;, &quot;four sticks&quot;, and &quot;misty mountain hop&quot; are all great, and should be utterly familiar to you if you listen to classic rock radio.  but this is absolutely a must-own album.  trust me.
B00005AR3G|4.0|disney nos sorprende otra vez  con este nuevo clasico the emperor's new groove cuando el emperador kuzco es traisionado y combertido en llama por su consejera yzma y su torpe y robusto ayudante kuzco no tiene otra opsion que contar con la gente que alguna vez el despresio junto a pacha un bonacho campesino  kuzco emprendera el viaje de regreso a el imperio pero no sin antes aprender una valiosa lecsion la de la amistad repleta de color y con una musica electrisante de john debney y cansiones de el cantante y compositor sting ganador del premio grammy  the emperor's new grove es un clasico de disney que ningun miembro de la familia  prodia perderse incluyendo la cansion ganadora del premio globo de oro y nominada al oscar my funny friend and me personas de cualquier edad se quedaran pegados a la pantalla con esta pelicula que transformara su corazon
B00004X0Q0|5.0|Another reviewer wrote-&quot;How many times cana person handle the get away,goaway cliche in the lyrics!?&quot;<br />That cliche isn't in these lyrics. The line is &quot;cut away, cut away&quot;, and as far as I can tell the song is about an alien of some kind, killing everyone on a spaceship. Well, that's my opinion anyway, but it definitely says &quot;cut away&quot;.<br />This album is real rock and roll, and exactly what I have been waiting for. Extremely intense, great hooks- sort of a combination of Joy Division and Black Flag.
6304981635|5.0|This is a martial arts masterpiece. Bruce Lee finally being given the chance to prove himself in a big movie. His Hong Films were good if you forget the tacky sets, story lines and the cheesy acting. This however is a classic. Some big name martial artists worked on this film and you can tell. You'd never believe that Jim Kelly didn't know any martial arts before this film. <br />The only bad point in the film is Roper but as usual you have to put an American in a film so that Amercians will watch it. But Jim Kelly on his own would have been better. <br />The fight scenes are fantastic, apparently they had to slow the film down in Bruce's fight scene with Bob Wall so that the camera could pick up his quick hand movements.<br />The nunchaka scene is awesome, banned in England in 1986 and cut from the film because some fool killed someone with nunchaka's copying Bruce Lee. It is good to see the scene that I remembered seeing as a kid and being better than I remembered.<br />If you only buy one Bruce Lee film in your life buy this one you won't be disappointed.
0446677450|2.0|If you can get past the incredibly poor writing style, the author does have a few good points to make.  Good literature is probably not what you're seeking when you buy this book (and you certainly won't get it).  I do, however, think it is worth $9.**, if you can't borrow it at a library.  The author provides a different way of approaching finances-- an approach that was helpful for me.  At times, it seemed to me that some of his best point were straight out of some of the other books to which he refers.
0452282152|3.0|If you like the sort of book that paints a picture of days gone by, then this book is for you.  If you like the sort of book that is more concerned with plot than atmosphere, then you might want to consider something else.<br />While I found the &quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; to be an enjoyable read, I was slightly disappointed by the lack of character development.  Whereas Vermeer's paintings convey a dimensionality beyond the painted surface, Chevalier's book does not convey anything beyond a pretty picture.  <br />I did enjoy the book, and I would recommend it as a good book to promote interest in an entry-level art history class or as a short summer read.
B00000JG41|5.0|Since the breakup of my beloved Faith No More became official, I figured there was nowhere else to turn for truly aggressive, laid-back, experimental and FUN music that was done well.  I had heard of Mr. Bungle quite a few years back, but never bothered to give them a shot.  Until recently, when I picked up California.  I was instantly amazed!  This album rivals and exceeds anything FNM ever produced in terms of oddness, but most importantly, the musicianship is top notch.  I was a big fan of Trey Spruance's guitar work on FNM's &quot;King For a Day...&quot; album, so I was eager to hear what he had to offer.<br />Simply put, folks, there's not one dud track on this album.  And while it's not as easily accessible or traditional as FNM, I would argue that it's a more rewarding listen.  Check out the sound clips, then BUY THIS ALBUM!  If you have an open mind, and are ready to experience songs that switch musical styles midstream, and don't follow the verse-chorus-verse format, California is for you.  Faith No More fans, rejoice, for Mr. Bungle lives!!!
0345440757|1.0|This book is hookey at best. This woman takes basic natural instincts that parents should feel and have for their babies and turns it into a business. She leaves her own children thousands of miles away to come to America to make money from the rich and famous and to sell her books. There is nothing of real value in Secrets of the Baby Whisperer that a parent can't find in their own heart and soul. This is just another book trying to give parents a quick fix for normal behavior in infants.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is a stunning animation that managed to combine the essential components of a classic hit in a captivating way. It deals with many issues that rather than interfere with the overall plot or are simply be integrated with it, Princess Monoke's many issues, if anything, amplify the central plot. I was truly surprised by the independence that it shows from any other animated film that I have seen, which is a rather high number, and I think that if or when you see this movie you will be moved and captivated beyond your expectations. I definitely recommend this movie for &quot;every one&quot; of all ages (with a warning of few adult phrases).
6300271439|5.0|Please, do we even have to ask? This film is a fun, charming, and hysterically funny screwball comedy.Some complained of the accent Madonna uses in the film. Yes, at first it was annoying, but you get used to it. Others complained that the movie was too dumb, and had no charm. Let me set the record straight, this film is supposed to be FUN! Featuring some of Madonna's most memorable songs including Causing A Commotion, The Look Of Love, and of course Who's That Girl. Why weren't these songs The Immaculate Collection?! I think the main reason this film did so bad at the USA box offices is that it got lost in the shuffle of Madonna's Who's That Girl tour. But, you should embrace this great film. Not as good as Desperately Seeking Susan, this film is still an enjoyable romp.<br />          Ex comvict Nikki Finn (Madonna) who served time for a crime she didn't commit is just set free. An attroney named Louden (Griffin Dunne) is asked by his fiance's father to transport Nikki to the bus station. But, of course, there are hundreds of complications along the way, including a 160 couger named &quot;Murray&quot;. Later, Nikki wants to get into a safe deposit to clear her name. As all of the hilarious mishaps happen, Louden finds himself falling in love with Nikki.<br />Overall Grade: A (10++)
0553345834|3.0|...because it's full of useful information in a format that can be summed up thusly: &quot;Blah, blah, blah, listen to my fascinating anecdotes, blah, blah, blah.&quot; Sounds like a lot of textbooks I can think of.
0345440757|1.0|Hogg has a lot of theories about childcare and a lot of Hollywood celebs as clients. What she doesn't have is any good evidence to back up her claims. Some of it may be right, some of it may be wrong, but there is no way to tell from the book. This may be helpful to you and your baby but read it for what it is: the unvalidated opinions of one person based on anecdotal experience, not a proven success nor the guidance of somebody with semi-mystical insights into the minds of babies. (Incidentally, she also exaggerates her formal qualifications and experience).
B00004U3UG|2.0|Well if you are trying to buy AOD on DVD, you probably wanna know more about the features and quailty, not if its  a good movie or not.  Well, sadly the DVD quality is really bad in some parts, I mean like they took a camcorder into a theatre and bootlegged it.  And other parts of the movie are just fine in picture quality.  Sound is okay in this version, I wish I had picked up the THX remastered version they had avaible for a short time.  As far as the alternate ending goes, I think it's not as good as the theatrical release's ending.  So all in all I would wait for a better edition to come out, this one kinda sucks. Doesn't matter though, any real fan of this movie will buy to see Ash use the really effective back-breaker on a skeleton warrior
B000056K04|5.0|This new album is far different from the first 3 RCA recordings...But, I must say this is the best one I've heard so far...It's refreshing to know that DMB is not copying itself over and are evolving as musicians...I can't wait to hear them live and maybe in acoustic!
B000002J1B|3.0|I wonder why almost all the reviews sent to Amazon are hyperbolic.  No matter what the album or the band is, everything is superb, the best, unsurpassed, the top, you have to get it, etc.  Well, Relayer is a normal Yes album, some sections are good, some boring, some noisy.  The lyrics, as always, combine pretty well with the music but in general, meaning something obscure or directly nonsensical.  Typical Yes.
B00004U9MS|5.0|The first time I heard Coldplay's &quot;yellow&quot; I fell in love with them immediately.  Originating in the UK, they are now getting their much deserved respect here in the U.S.  This is by far the best Cd that I have bought in the last 6 months.  It's smooth rock and hypnotic sounding voice of the lead singer make it a sure bet for any music fan!
B000059T1E|4.0|This was probably Traffic's most consistently good recording, a half dozen songs, longer than the pop standard 3 minutes, but not over extended, as even Low Spark's title song might be considered.  Fans of Phish or Dave Matthews Band would probably enjoy it for its funky grooves, Dead-like jamming, and boho perspective.  Winwood's playing excells of course, but the pairing of his voice and Chris Wood's flute, particularly on the title track, is what make the sound unique.  (Capaldi's more pedestrian voice grounds the mix.) Although the roots are British folk on that number, it fits well with the more R&amp;B (at times jazzy, but not really jazz) influence on the other tracks.<br />The negatives are relatively minor, but real.  As noted elsewhere regarding the import, the flow of the album is broken by the fragment &quot;I just want you to know,&quot; inserted midway through the CD (the end of &quot;side 1?&quot;) and the end (of &quot;side 2&quot;) is marred by the inclusion of &quot;Sittin' Here Thinkin' Of My Love.&quot;  (Ironically, the insert says the album &quot;flows like a seamless whole&quot;--not any more!)  Both tracks sound a little half-baked.  Their lyrics, to the extent there are any, are more inane than usual (not Winwood's department, but his delivery fails to rescue the pieces as one comes to expect) and there isn't much development musically of either piece.  Better to have omitted them entirely from the reissue or to have set both off at the end of the CD with a substantial time lapse after &quot;Every Mothers Son,&quot; for all but the completists to hit the stop button.  The remastering sounds fine to my nonaudiophile ears.  I would, however, like to have seen a little more info and a picture or two in the &quot;booklet&quot; which is really just two paragraphs.<br />In short, if you like Traffic (or think you might), you'll want to have this CD, but you might have hoped for a better package overall.  Let's hope they don't mess too badly with &quot;Low Spark.&quot;<br />ps:  The single disk Traffic compilation has 4 of the 6 original tracks from this record, so you might skip this if you're on a budget (who isn't), but the other 2 original tracks here are at least as good if not better than all but the title track.  Personally, I recommend getting this and &quot;Low Spark,&quot; and leaving the compilation and (the more dated) other albums off your shopping list.
0451191153|1.0|As a Brit, I'd never even heard of Aryan Rant until I moved to the USA a couple of years ago. <br />Once here, her name cropped up many times, especially when Alan Greenspan (a former disciple of hers) was mentioned,  or I talked to some of my young American colleagues. They seemed to idolize Aryan Rant, and speak of her and her works with  great reverence.<br />So, with much anticipation I bought this monster of a book, fully prepared to read and enjoy a cult piece that had escaped my attention, or failing that, get a view of Architecture during the peak of the Modern Movement - the people responsible for all those huge concrete cubes in every city in the Western World.<br />Months later, its sad to realise that at the age of 35, I came to this book at least 20 years too late. Its an immature, second  rate novel, challenging only because of its great length and turgid writing style (forgivable perhaps, since English was Rant's second language).<br />As for its philosophy; &quot;fascism with an adolescent face&quot; might summarise it in five words. The main character, Howard  Roark clearly believes himself above all other men (and especially women). He never feels doubt or uncertainty, and acts  towards everyone with humorless contempt. Amazingly we observe that he's bitter, isolated, and can't relate to anyone. He also feels desperately misunderstood and undervalued by an ignorant and cruel conformist society. Boo hoo! How cruel the world is to unrecognized genius!<br />Which I suppose, explains this novel's enduring popularity among bright (mainly male) adolescents - this is a character they can  REALLY relate too, although unlike Salinger's Holden Caulfield, he shares his creator's complete lack of wit and humour.<br />Seldom have I struggled so hard to finish a novel, Moby Dick was a breeze compared to this weighty turgid lump. Occasionally there's an illuminating thought to be extracted like a piece of soap trapped deep in a sodden sponge. But mainly I felt disbelief; amazed at the extraordinary naivet of the author, did  she imagine any business, let alone architecture,  functions in this way? I was stunned that someone held to be master philosopher and Literary (note the capital L) author could  create so many two dimensional forgettable characters, and so many forgettable scenes, each to be dissected and explained for us idiots in the next 30+ pages, just in case we missed the point the 4th time it was made.<br />In desperation, I read around the book a little and started making excuses; Rant's sole exposure to architecture was a six  month stint (working for free mainly as an observer) in Frank Lloyd Wright's office. This is a philosophical novel, bravely  expounding a fascist viewpoint when America (and the rest of the free world) was busy fighting Nazi Germany and its ally  Japan. Rant, openly admitted (years later) that she knew nothing of psychology (quite an admission for a novelist, you might  think).<br />Eventually, I emerged from finishing &quot;The Fountain Head&quot; as bewildered as I had been by page 30. This is an adolescent  book, written by an intelligent but deeply flawed author, who creates deeply flawed cardboard characters and overtly manipulates them to explain, at great length, a philosophy so unrealistic that it cannot apply to a world any of us recognises. <br />The truth is The Fountain Head spouts bilge. Gallons and gallons of toxic bilge. Pity the poor adolescents who lap it up - sooner or later it will do them terrible harm.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Anyone who rates this other than five stars is pat buchannon or pat boone. The worst song on this album is better than any put out in the last 5 years. Reggae, Punk, Edge, Originality, Outrage, Morality, Truth. In some way all other music is kind of kidding.
6302732778|5.0|I look at this film with both a postive and a negative eye. Usually, I wouldn't say a bad thing about this movie, but when writting a review, I must look at both sides. Lets start with somthing simple, like pros and cons.<br />Pros: Effects that still hold water today. Great acting. Deep and emotional plot. Very intense. Artistic value is unsurpassed.<br />Cons: Hard to follow sometimes. Some of the scenes are a little slow paced at times. Overall it's just a little to wierd.<br />Now that were passed that let's review the plot:<br />Sometime in the not so distant future, we created Replicants or &quot;Skin Jobs&quot; to fight our wars, preform covert operations, and due our laundry(just kidding!). kind of like drones, to do our dirty work. of course, we created these miracle machines with far greated strength and acrobatic talents than we have. But replicants were made to copy humans in every way, exept their emotions, you see we made these machines to form their own emotions. But the scientist who created them feared these robot/clones would at some point rebel, So the they decided to creat and expiration date for all replicants, spanning a mear 4 years. Just as the scientist feared, these mechanical saviors turned into mechanical nightmares. The goverment decided to outlaw all replicants, skin jobs were offically outlawed and were shot on sight. We were able to contain most of them but quit a few still romed free, and they even created more. These robots blended quit nicely with the public. Remeber they were made to copy the human race in virtually every way.....................exept their emotions. We began having alot of trouble hunting these renagade bots down. Thus, an alite group of law enforcement officers call Blade Runner units were formed. And to go along with that, we created a test desinged to trick a replicant into giving his identity away by toying with it's emotions. Enter Deckard, a retired Blade Runner unit. Time passed, we got rid of all but fourof the menacing clones. Deckards old chief offers him the assingment of killing these four in turn for......nothing? Dust though sense a plot hole? The movie centers on these four reps, and Deckards love interest, who may be a rep herself! Deckard searches, Deckard finds, Deckard shoots, happy ending right? Wrong, The ending is dark and depressing. I wont give it away to you! Do you think im a blabber mouth who doesent know when to shut up?! If you have read all this seemingly endless review.....your right!<br />Overall: A great sci-fi classic, worth not only renting but investing 17 bucks to this fine website to own this masterpiece. (I wont say how much I was paid to say that:) Whoa amazon! Only kidding!
B000002GZ1|5.0|Two albums turned me onto the blues: This one and John Mayall's 'Hard Road'. This album highlights Paul Butterfield on harp and Michael Bloomfield on guitar. Never before was there so much energy and pure playing. The original album had a note that the album should be played at the loudest possible volume and after 30 years I continue to enjoy this offering. Mike Bloomfield never played better and still provides a standard other guitarists seek to reach. The biography of Michael Bloomfield 'If you love these blues' details facinating aspects of this blues band and is well worth the read. East-West is also great but moving in less feet tapping realms.
B000056K04|4.0|Everyday is the Dave Matthews Band worst album ever, in my opinion.  But that's not saying much, because I don't think they're capable of turning out bad music.  After my first listen, I was slightly dissapointed, because I liked less than half of the songs.  But like all their music, I listened to it again and it just grew on me.  &quot;Angel,&quot; &quot;When the World Ends,&quot; &quot;If I Had It All,&quot; and &quot;Everday,&quot; are fantastic.  My only complaint is that there was not enough violin and sax, and alot of the songs like, &quot;Mother Father,&quot; are too intense and loud.  I was praying for just one &quot;Lover Lay Down,&quot; calm-type song, and I generally don't even like those.  I hope the DMB is able to make the songs better in concert.
B000056K04|2.0|I deleted my earlier review bc college Me thought he was clever. Anyway, this DMB album is still no good, over a decade later. Go listen to Before These Crowded Streets instead.
0375701427|1.0|A pastoral is an urban fiction celebrating bucolic life in the countryside. As such, this book appears misnamed. If irony is intended then the title might have better been Cold Pastoral following Keats. For that's where this book leaves me: Cold. I confess I like a book that reaches some sort of moral, esthetic, or logical conclusion; that has a beginning, middle, and end, and that is not over written, pretentious, self-conscious, and repetitive. And so I don't like AP. As a writer, I always was taught that Backstory should be in the mind of the writer not in his book. And I was taught that you don't tell the reader about all that research you did to find out how they made gloves in the old days, or what the Miss America thing is all about, or why the Jains wear those silly veils. Each time Roth goes off into such detail I hear the index cards rustling in the background. I shouldn't hear those cards, because the information should have been seamlessly woven into the narrative. Nathan Zuckerman and Philip Roth (narrator and author of AP) are not necessarily the same person any more than art must necessarily duplicate life, but it is interesting that Zuckerman and Roth both were born and raised in middle class Jewish households in Newark, N.J. Both are successul white Jewish male writers writing for over forty years on what it was like to grow up in Newark in a middle class Jewish family. Both like to make the Jews, especially Jewish men, look bad. Both Z and R (I am not making this up) graduated from Weequahic High School, where during a reunion, Zuckerman (and probably Roth) decided to make up a story about the High School sports hero, the Swede. Just as dreams reflect the psychology of the dreamer, the story must reflect the psychology of the maker. Not a very good psychology it is: Filled with buried resentment, jealousy, and rage and overburdened with some pretty fantastic subplots and multiple characters from central casting. You will do better spending your time reading something else.e reading something else.
B000056K04|5.0|Have to admit I disliked &quot;I Did It&quot; and still think that it is the worst song on the CD but even the best CD's have at least one bad song.  I just bought the CD last night and can't stop listening to it.  I own every CD Dave has put out and up until now have thought &quot;Crash&quot; was the best.  I would rank &quot;Everyday&quot; right up their with &quot;Crash&quot;.  It's different but in a good way.
6305265488|5.0|Amen to all the five-star reviews before me.  This movie is magical, and Drew Barrymore's performance is simply luminous.  The only thing I would like to add to the previous rave reviews is that the feminist subtext mentioned previously is deftly entwined in the love story, and not at all heavy-handed (as in, say, Mulan).  In short, you wind up falling in love with Danielle for the same spirited qualities that the prince does.  It would also be a mistake to narrowly categorize this as a children's movie--it works perfectly well as a romance for adults, and I personally think Ms. Barrymore's performance is Oscar-quality.
B0000560X3|5.0|Some of the previous reviewers are a bit confused about the format of this disc.  It is a DVD Audio disc, not a regular DVD Video disc.  Yes, it DOES have video material, but you can only see it and hear it with one of the new DVD Audio players.  These players have six-channel surround and the audio is recorded at a much higher sampling rate than standard DVDs and CDs.  To get the full effect you will also need a surround sound stereo that has inputs for external surround decoders.<br />If you only have a standard DVD video player with Dolby Digital surround, you will be able to hear a lower-fidelity version for this format, but you won't get to see the video content or hear the higher quality audio version.<br />For the record, I have not purchased this particular disc, but I do have the ELP Brain Salad Surgery audio DVD.  It poses the same difficulty:  video features and higher quality sound are not accesible on a regular DVD player.
0783241569|1.0|I'm a guy that loves a good chick movie, and enjoys a good romantic comedy of even average quality, but this is neither. The unbelievable thing about this romance is not that a famous star would fall in love with a middle class bookstore owner, but that it should be with the most incredibly boring bookstore owner she could possibly have found.  Hugh Grant's bumbling shtick was already getting old, but in this role he seems to degenerate into self-parody.  I couldn't stand spending an hour and a half with him.  Surely she could do better for a life partner.  I wonder if this movie appeals to other really boring people's fantasies--no offense intended. I thought movies were supposed to be populated with interesting characters.  Or is that just me?
B000002AZZ|5.0|In terms of the quality of music, this is clearly Leonard's best. All of his albums have wonderful intensity, poetry, and human understanding, and some (particularly Various Positions) may have a more profound or cohesive statement, but because of the addition of some great percussion and the diversity of the selections' tone and mood, this is absolutely his most fun to listen to.
B000002GBD|5.0|I've been listening to different music for a LONG time, and Nazareth is the only band I never tire of. No matter what mood you are in, they have an album to fit it! My favorite is probably &quot;The Fool Circle&quot; or &quot;Expect No Mercy&quot; but hey guys, they're all good!! I've always said &quot;If I could only listen to one band for the rest of my life, it would be Nazareth.&quot; Even my 11 year old daughter, and 12 year old son are hooked on them.
B00004Z459|5.0|i would absolutley recommend this cd for anyone. i love it. originally i got this cd because i heard the song &quot;one step closer&quot; on the radio. but after i bought the album, i began to like a lot of the other songs better then &quot;one step closer&quot;, that's still an awesome song, but there's a lot of awesome songs on here! i dunno, for me a lot of the songs just hit home, i could totally relate them to what i was going through at the time i got it. my fav's on the cd are all of them, so go out and get this cd if ya haven't already!!!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Believe it or not, the first time I heard Dido's music was on Eminem's Song 'Stan'. But the chorus really stuck on me and I purchased her CD. Without second thought I have to say this was one of the best CD's I ever got.You will not be dissapointed!
B000059T1G|3.0|Cobbled together from a variety of singles and unreleased live tracks, Last Exit is surprisingly cohesive for this type of project. The stand out tracks include Mason's solo single b side (which features the other members of Traffic hence its inclusion on this collection)Just For You and Winwood's powerful dirge Withering Tree. The latter was original released as the b side to the single Feelin' Alright in the US. Featuring One of Winwood and Capaldi's most haunting melodies Withering Tree, it's surprising that this track didn't make the band's second album (more than likely this it failed to make it when Mason temporarily returned to the fold to make room for some of Mason's songs). Withering Tree features features a rare appearence by woodwind player Chris Wood on bass guitar.<br />Something's Got A Hold of My Toe is a rare Winwood/Mason/Miller collaboration. It's little more than a undeveloped jam build around an undistinguished riff. The bulk of the rest of the album is highlighted by the post-Mason single Medicated Goo/Shanghai Noodle Factory. The former track wouldn't have soundedout of place on a Spencer Davis single or album except for its drug inspired lyrics. The latter song's nonsensical lyric and Wood's wouldn't have sounded out of place on Heave Is In Your Mind(the band's last original single prior to reforming to make John Barleycorn Must Die).<br />The album concludes with a rare live glimpse of the trio performing two remakes (Mason had departed for the second time prior to Traffic's tour). Feeling Good (from the musical The Smell of the Grease Paint, The Roar of the Crowd)provides an opportunity for a long jam by the band. It's certainly an unusual choice for Traffic to cover but fits in well considering the venue (the Fillmore West).<br />Last Exit shared many of the same virtues and flaws of Cream's last album Goodbye (also divided up amoungst studio and live tracks). The studio tracks are of varying quality with two at least two minor classics by the band. The live tracks suffer from the recording limitations of the time. They also demonstrate the gaping hole left by Mason when he left the band.<br />Although not the band's finest moment, Last Exit has enough highlights to merit purchasing for fans of the band.y the band. The live tracks suffer from the recording limitations of the time. They also demonstrate the gaping hole left by Mason when he left the band.<br />Although not the band's finest moment, Last Exit has enough highlights to merit purchasing for fans of the band.
B000056K04|5.0|How could you possibly improve upon a band who has been spitting out one beloved album after another? Give Dave an electric guitar of course! Though every diehard DMB fan, like myself, has to be leery at first over the band's complete departure from their proven formula of great songs. Never fear! They have stumbled on an even better one! Their first single, 'I Did It' doesn't do the band justice to prove. You'll have a new sound adventure with every track you listen to. 'When the World Ends' is my personal favorite. The only part that made me sad was the complete and utter lack of long jam sessions without Boyd destroying his violin and Leroi Moore playing the sax as if he was God's sideman. But I got over it pretty quickly. No matter who you are or how long you've been a fan, even if you aren't a fan; you can't help but love this recent addition to the band's legacy. They're already legends and I can't wait to see them live again!
B000056K04|4.0|As a band that blew up and redefined rock and roll in the late 1990's, DMB has attained a huge following and with it enormous expectations.  Clearly the last album missed the mark with fans of earlier albums.  In addition, waiting 3 years to release new material creates expectations that are nearly impossible to exceed.  That being said, I haven't been able to stop playing this cd!!! While there was far too much experimentation in the last album, this album provides something for everyone.  Like many albums, at first listen, it doesn't leave much of an impression, but give it a chance, and I think that if you have realistic expectations of what this band can do, you will appreciate their effort.  The effort is clearly there on this album in my opinion and well worth the wait.  Looking forward to seeing this new material live this summer!
B000056VIY|5.0|On a high note! Thats what I found in the latest from this mega-babe, super-singer, block-buster phenomenon! Her album has a fine mix of dance tracks, soft ballads and great arrangements. Overall, an excellent sequel to her debut &quot;On the 6&quot; album.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This is no doubt the best movie ever made the cinematography story, beauty,editing is a masterpiece.Not a day goes with out me thinking about it. It is good to finnaly see a movie out there about the truth and done so well in this style. I have seen this movie 5 times in the theatre and recommend it to anyone out there tired of all these blockbuster movies out there that bore u from the start. I cant wait to see what arofonsky  has next&quot;.
0380713802|4.0|If you're looking for a travel book to use when you explore Europe, this one won't be the most useful book out there. But if you are looking for entertainment, want to learn a bit about Europe and are prepared to laugh uproariously, this is a great choice. Bryson skewers the traditions and habits of other countries, recounts many hilarious experiences during his travels and describes some of the best (and worst) destinations in Europe. He has a fine writing style, casual, breezy and unique. The section on waiting for The Northern Lights to appear - and waiting and waiting for days on end - was worth the price of the book alone.
B000007WNN|5.0|Electric is an incredible rocker album, with Love Removal Machine, Lil' Devil, and Wild Flower some of the best the Cult have ever done.  Sounding more like Sonic Temple than Love (Which was just a tad too much like U2), Electric rocks with the best of them and is a must have for any hard rock fan.  Three cheers also for the come-back of Love Removal Machine on FM radio airplay.
B000056K04|4.0|DMB's latest release, &quot;Everyday&quot;, is an excellent album. Fans of any other band would be thrilled at such a powerful, upbeat product. Fans of Dave Matthews Band however have come to expect something else from DMBs CDs. Dave Matthews Band has never been about following the &quot;rules&quot; of commercial success and confining songs to more radio-friendly 4 minute creations; nor have they ever shyed away from extensive break down jams that lead into the next track (making each album feel like one continuous effort). Dave Matthews Band has always stayed &quot;true to the music, commericial rules be damned.&quot; It is these and other qualities that have attracted so many fans of all types. Sadly, Everyday departs from these basic qualities.   Glen Ballard, producer of Everday, recently was quoted on PBS's Charlie Rose Show as saying about fans, &quot;They don't want extensive jams on an album...That's what a concert is for.&quot; (One wonders if Ballard has ever heard of such bands as Pink Floyd and Led Zeppelin, to name a few...) Ballard therefore packages all songs on Everyday to under four minutes, save one which is slighty under five. DMB fans might find it frustrating that just when the band begins to jam, the music fades out in the name of radio-friendly songs.   Musically &quot;Everyday&quot; is complex and exciting, just as one would expect from Dave Matthews Band. Fans however will be disappointed to find that violinist Boyd Tinsley and saxophonist LeRoi Moore are all but nonexistent on the album, instead replaced by Ballard on a retro-80's-style keyboard for accompanyment.     In total, to their credit DMB is clearly expanding their musical borders in this album, providing an enjoyable (albeit different) musical experience. Everyday is definetly worth buying and all fans should anticipate amazing concert versions of each song. That said, the strength of the songs despite Ballards best efforts to de-Dave-Matthewsize them leaves one wondering of the album that could have been had long-time DMB producer Steve Lilywhite (and his pro-music/anti-commercial sentiment) had a say in the production.
B000056K04|4.0|People are going to complain and bemoan this CD simply for the point of doing so and proving that they are indeed an &quot;old-school&quot; fan.  I've been a Dave fan since Remember Two Things, and can honestly say that there is not one song they perform that I cannot appreciate on some level.  The first time I listened to this disk, I didn't know what to think of it...there are the songs that immediately jump out at you (The Space Between, Mother Father),but upon listening to it a couple of times I fell in love with it.  As all the bands cd's are, there's the immediate winners, and then there's the songs that capture you a couple of months down the road (like The Last Stop).  And above that, there's the lyrics that seem like fluff at first but upon closer listen make their beauty undeniable (&quot;We're Strange Allies, with Warring Hearts&quot;).  And let's not forget that these songs are inevitably going to get 10 times more fantastic on tour (If you don't believe me, listen to the live version of The Space Between from SNL).If you try to overanalyze this cd and compare it to other works and complain about it not having the same sound as UTTAD, you won't enjoy it.  Just throw it in the stereo, relax, and enjoy some great music.
B000056K04|5.0|Being a HUGE Dave Matthews fan, I rushed out to buy this cd the first day it was out.  When I put it in my cd player I was surprised.  I had heard some of the songs, but I guess that I hadn't really prepared myself for how different this cd was.  I knew that there were no long jam sessions that were on many of the others cds.  But I must say, that all in all this is a great cd.  Even though it does take a little bit of getting used to by the second listen your hooked.  Even without the major presence of an acoustic guitar, it is still great.  Dave Matthews Band has proved beyond a shadow of a doubt in my mind that they are one of the most talented bands out there today.
B000056K04|5.0|Everyday is simply brilliant. There will be people who will wonder why they changed their style a bit, but there would have been the same amount of people, who if the band didnt explore new territory would say, why do all their albums sound the same. The bottom line is, and its undisputable is this is an amazing album, with some of the most clever written lyrics, I have ever heard. I have no doubt in my mind these songs will be outstanding live. I also have no doubt who the new king of rock is. Anyone debated that is either tied up in a boy band, in denial that Bruce Springston and U2 are still in their prime. Its time for everyone to accpet that right now, their is no other band out their as big, and the potential to become even bigger than the Dave Matthews Band. Everyday put them over the top. Great gob guys.
B0000028M7|5.0|This album is one of my ten or fifteen all time favorites, and while it has a decidedly \\"grungy\\" feel to it, I still think of it as more of a metal album. I did not approach this album as an AIC fan. I have recently returned to hard rock after a sabbatical of about 15 years, and a few months back I heard the song \\"Would?\\" on the radio, and was immediately taken with the dark luminosity of its hauntingly powerful vocal harmonies and towering guitar chords. I normally don't buy an album based on hearing one song that I like, but the quality of the songwriting that I heard on \\"Would?\\" seemed to guarantee that there would at least be a few good songs on this album, so I took a chance and bought it, and was blown away by most of what I heard.<br />While songs like \\"Junk Head,\\" and \\"Godsmack,\\" are a bit too twisted and full of self-loathing to stand up well to repeated listening, I think most of the songs on this album are great, and I find it to have a continuity, cohesiveness, and consistent atmosphere that make it an actual ALBUM (which has become a rarity in an era where it seems that most rock albums are two or three good songs surrounded by \\"filler\\").<br />\\"Them Bones\\" is a bona fide metal song, which is one of the more arresting album openers you'll ever hear, pulling the listener right into the luminous darkness of this album, \\"...dead gone under red sky.\\" \\"Down in a Hole\\" is simply one of the most perfect rock songs ever recorded, adorned with beautiful and powerful guitar writing, and late 60's CSN-style vocal harmonies. Other highlights include the ubiquitous but powerful \\"Rooster,\\" \\"Angry Chair;\\" and the aforementioned \\"Would?\\" with its powerful rhythms and thunderous guitar chords, is a perfect album closer, commenting on everything that's gone before with the closing question, \\"If I would, could you?\\" Some of the more twisted songs that I find irresistible are \\"Hate to Feel,\\" with its disrupted rhythms and tempos, guitar squeaks, and echoes of \\"Dazed and Confused (and who could resist lines like \\"All the time I swore I'd never be like my old man, what the hey, it's time to face exactly who I am.\\"); and the title track, with it's \\"Electric Funeral\\" (Black Sabbath) vibe;. Also, I think that \\"Rain When I Die,\\" is an underrated song: I love its good ol' wah wah guitar as well a some eerie vocals. I also wanted to add that, as a heavy metal fan from...uh...a few years back, I rather enjoyed the echoes of Sabbath and Zeppelin that I heard on this album, for which a few other reviewers criticized AIC. This band knows it's rock and roll well, old and new, and that's one of the things that made their best work so good.<br />To me, this is definitely one of the top five rock albums of the 'nineties, and one of the top 40 or 50 all time. The deciding factor for me, of its classic status, is that it perfectly captures the atmosphere of a troubled time and place better than virtually any album in its genre, yet it still manages to have a timeless feel to it.<br />As a side note, IMO, the original song order, with \\"Down in a Hole,\\" as the second-to-last song makes this album better, as a continuum. Presumably the label \\"tweaked\\" the song order after \\"Down in a Hole\\" became so popular, to get it \\"higher up\\" in the album, thinking that this would get it even more play. I won't get into ragging on major record labels here, for their rampant commercialism, especially since Amazon almost always edits out these kinds of editorial comments anyway. Suffice it to say that changing the song order on this album was an unnecessary move, akin to defacing a work of art--thankfully most CD players are programmable. Anyway, recent pressings have \\"Down in a Hole\\" as track 5, just before \\"The Rooster.\\" If you have one of these pressings, try programming your CD player so that \\"Down in a Hole\\" comes between \\"Angry Chair\\" and \\"Would?\\" and see what a difference that makes.
B000002UB3|5.0|This album is the most exciting by the fab-four. The starting is gripping (&quot;Come together&quot;). The ending is amazing (&quot;Her majesty&quot;, as short a song can be ... 32 seconds or so). Let me assure you (if you are not assured already) you will love what is in between these two great songs. I am mad about &quot;Octopus's garden&quot; and the medley is great.  This album also showcases the matured musical talents of the Beatles. The playing is much more polished than previous albums, like the guitar in &quot;Here comes the Sun&quot; and the otherwise average &quot;I want you&quot;. George Harrison gives his most successful Beatles song in this album, a wonderful song called - &quot;something&quot;. This album is fast and it's slow. It's fun-filled and It's emotional. What I can say this is the most exciting Beatles album, you can get for yourself. So buy it now.
B000056K04|1.0|Just when I thought things couldn't get any worse, they have.  The Dave Matthews Band is by far my favorite band.  This album doesn't even do justice to their music or their sound.  I can only hope that they will go back to the music that has made millions of people fans.  This c.d. is for the mainstream pop culture, nothing like the riffs and impromptu playing of Boyd, Carter, Leroi, and Stefan.  Dave kind of stole the show, and even with his amazing voice, the other guys in the band have amazing talent that was not displayed on this album. I gave it one star because after all it is Dave, but please let this be a learning experience!
B000003TAW|5.0|This is a great record.  Guaranteed smiles when you listen to it.
0767811038|1.0|The book was great.  The movie sucks.  Vast hordes of bugs bent on planetary conquest?  Where are their ships?  How can they throw rocks across over 60,000 light years of space to hit the Earth?  The human soldiers don't even know how to use tactics, their spaceships don't know the meaning of the word 'dodge' and by the end of the film I feel sorry for the bugs! The whole thing looks like a set up to me by the humans to start a war (but frankly that would give the film some kind of plot).  There are no powered-suits, the training camp is a twisted, darker version of the one in the book and the generals in charge seem to forget that the idea is to win the war not just fight it.
6300248550|5.0|Jane Eyre has been one of my favourite novels since I was in my teens, and I have watched every adaptation ever made.  Although I have enjoyed them all, to me the one most true to the book - the look, the feel, the passion - is this one.  Timothy Dalton, although better looking than what Charlotte Bronte described, still embodies the tortured soul, the longing, the anger and the despair perfectly.  And Ms. Clarke is the perfect Jane. From plain and small and insignificant, to a mature, strong woman who follows her heart.  I hope that in the future the powers that be will release this on DVD, as this is one I will treasure forever.
0060196122|4.0|This is another great novel that has come out from none other than Paulo Coelho. He is such a good writer, that it becomes difficult sometimes to review his work, how can I not like anything written by him (my favorite).<br />And I am quite sure he must be favorite of so many others in the reading habit. This book is definitely wonderful and worth reading. I have never read any such stuff before on schizophrenics. He has described the life at villette such beautifully that it is a must read book for any of you who are reading this review.<br />Paulo goes so much detailed into the psychoanalytical aspects of the normal thinkers that sometimes his work becomes greater than that of Freud. This book revolves around the story of a normal girl who finds her life meaningless and decides to die. Just with an unsuccessful attempt to suicide, she finds herself at a mental hospital, where she was told that she has to wait for a few more days before she can really meet death.<br />These few days makes her life so meaningful and there are so many things that she discovers were left in her life and suddenly finds life so interesting and worth living. She not only analysis her conditions but even the conditions of other schizophrenic patients and realizes various aspects of life, which makes life worth living. <br />The end is really unexpected and the last few pages changes so much into our thinking habits, that we realize the difference between death and life. In the end we realize what it takes to live is just a simple thought. <br />To know this thought - read the book...!<br />Happy Reading!
B00000255X|5.0|&quot;Desire&quot; is the middle album of Dylan's great 70's trilogy, flanked by &quot;Blood on The Tracks&quot; and &quot;Street Legal&quot;.  In my opinion these albums are even better than the more widely praised 60's sequence &quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot;, &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot;, and &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot;.  <br />Dylan's voice is at its peak of flexibility and power in this period (the later age-related decline in these attributes thankfully did not affect its emotional expressiveness or precision of phrasing and tone, so he is still a great singer but can no longer sing certain particular songs as well).  His lyrics and the band arrangements are also more complex than in any other period.  As the central album of this period and Dylan's best-selling album ever, &quot;Desire&quot; shows him at the height of his powers.<br />The best songs are the first two, &quot;Hurricane&quot; and &quot;Isis&quot;, whose length, vivid imagery, and unpredictable plot twists accumulate enormous power.  On all the songs, the rich arrangements and distinctive violin accompaniment (Scarlet Rivera) and background vocals (Emmylou Harris) create an unforgettable atmosphere.  But they must be taken on their own terms (you have to accept Rubin Carter and mobster Joey Gallo as heroes despite their well-documented criminality, for example, and ignore the difficulties in mapping the journey in &quot;Isis&quot; to a real time and place).<br />The concluding track, &quot;Sara&quot;, is a lament addressed to Dylan's estranged wife, where Dylan speaks directly and in his own persona.  The only other time he sang about a relationship without a veil of any sort was the unfortunate &quot;Ballad in Plain D&quot; from the early 60's, but this song is wholly successful.<br />The only reason this album is inferior to &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; and &quot;Street Legal&quot; is that it doesn't have their thematic unity (&quot;BOTT&quot; was all about male-female relationships and &quot;Street Legal&quot; showed a turn from them towards something more eternal).  But it is one of Dylan's best and most distinctive records, and everyone should buy it.
B000022TSV|5.0|This production of Carmen is superlative by any measure.  The casting is perfect, with all characters entirely believable in their roles.  Julia Migenes is an excellent vocalist whose lovely singing voice is packaged with a first-rate acting and dancing ability. She truly brought Carmen to life in a way that the typical stage production cannot.  Her attention to details such as gestures and eye movements were astounding throughout the production.  I am amazed that she has not been more visible since this film because she is a real treasure.  The quality of acting and singing by all of the characters, even the secondary ones such as the soldiers, the bandits, and Carmen's gypsy friends, was excellent with all players entirely credible in their roles.  Ruggero Raimondi is perfect as Escamillo and of course Placido Domingo may be the best Don Jose ever.  Faith Esham is a lovely Michaela with a wonderful voice more than equal to her part.<br />And the scenery!  Ravishing.  No stage production can ever transport one to Andalusian Spain like this film.  Beautifully photographed with the scenes and action perfectly coordinated with the flow of the music.<br />Are there faults with this production?  Yes.  The greatest is that the charming trio and chorus &quot;Quant au douanier,&quot; has been excised from the 3rd act. M. Bizet I am sure would not approve of that.  The disc tracks are often inconvenient. For example, one cannot cue to the beginning of the 4th act, one must cue to the fight scene in the third act and fast forward.  Occasionally stage direction is sacrificed to the director's vision as at the end of act 2 when the bandits are singing to the lieutenant to move along &quot;sans vous faire prier&quot; all the while tying him up in a chair. I always love the pomp and circumstance of the parade in act 4 but in this version the picadors, matadors, etc. simply pull up to the bullring in carriages and walk in the door.  A bit disappointing.<br />That said, it all amounts to nitpicking when taking the grand view. This production brings a new standard of realism and depth of emotion to Carmen, which I hold to be the most beautiful of operas.  If you love Bizet's masterpiece, you will certainly treasure this presentation, and Leonard Maltkin should stick to reviewing Jim Carrey flicks, because he is way off on this one.
0805062971|4.0|This is a fabulous book written in a very unique style. This is a short book that reads very quickly. The only reason I did not give this book a 5 star rating is becuase I thought the movie was  better. I imagine that if I had read this book before seeing the movie,I would have thought this book was a masterpeice. <br />Sadly the book does not quite live up to the excellent adaptation of the movie. I look forward to reading Palahniuk's next book.
078324228X|5.0|&quot;The Hurricane&quot; comes along at the end of a year when movies seemed to be dwindling, and basically saves the day for those looking for an excellent film full of insight, vision, and emotion. It tells a harrowing story that seems to get right to the core of our own spirit and enlighten us when it is all over and done with. The length may be a bit of a test on patience for some, but those willing to stick through it will be tremendously satisfied by the powerful lead and supporting performances, which make up for whatever problems you may have with it. <br />The film tells the story of Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter, who rose to boxing fame in the 1960's and was wrongly convicted of murder in 1967. The film is all told through his point of view, which gives it a much more personal feeling. Most of the beginning section is composed of flashbacks to his childhood and boxing bouts, moving on in years to his encounter with a young woman and their marriage. One night in a local bar, innocent people are killed, and Rubin and his friend are charged with the murders. While he is in prison, Carter, becomes defiant, refusing to wear the clothes given him by the guards, yet he never flinches when he is punished, and takes his sentence like a true hero. <br />All of this is played to stunning and poignant perfection by Denzel Washington, in one of the best performances of his career. By the end of the movie, he has gone through so much, caused so many people to take a stand in their life, given so much life to the character that we are left with nothing but true respect for his work here. He plays the subject matter with astute authenticity, while adding his own charms and charisma to the part as well. I found myself cheering him on in certain moments, and he is one of the characters that I've cared for most in a movie. <br />As the story progresses into its second half, a young boy by the name of Lezra is introduced. He is living with three Canadians in Toronto, yet it is never stated exactly what they are doing. There is a scene that involves Lezra's parents, but even from that, the true motives of the group is never revealed. Not that this is a hindering factor. Lezra comes across Carter's autobiography in a used book sale, and immediately becomes entranced by the story of Carter's life. He shares his feelings with the Canadians, even writes to Carter, and after a period of exchanging letters, Lezra ventures to Trenton State Prison to visit him. <br />There is a father-son motif here, one that keeps the heart of the movie moving for the final third. Lezra does have a father, yes, but seeing him and Rubin Carter together gives the feeling that he could get along and communicate a lot easier with Carter than his own father. In fact, in the prison, Carter and Lezra have their photo taken, and the photographer mistakes them for father and son. This relationship is built strongly because of Lezra's will to find out the truth behind Carter's arrest and imprisonment, and bring that truth to light. The Canadians help him with this quest, moving to New Jersey in eye view of the prison, where they dig deeper into the archives and talk with people, including Carter's lawyers. <br />There is a great deal of emotion and heart in this story, and even though it is fictionalized, it still tells a compelling narrative. You can't expect every nuance of the plot to be absolutely accurate in terms of what happened in history; the movies never work like that. The best that you can hope for is that they capture the true heart and nature of the events, and that is what &quot;The Hurricane&quot; does here. The story is not solely about a man's imprisonment for murder, but more about his will to survive and make it through a gruesome ordeal. It is also about hope, the hope of one person who envisions helping to free another person of his confines. All of this is captured beautifully and with intense emotion. <br />The acting ability leaves nothingto be desired here. Denzel does an excellent job, and matches that of his acting in &quot;Malcom X.&quot; Lezra is played by Vicellous Reon Shannon, who gives a powerhouse performance with his strength and emotion. The role fits him perfectly, and he plays so well the emotions of a growing teenage boy who is trying to learn about a world full of social hatred and racial segregation. John Hannah, Deborah Unger, and Liev Schreiber portray the three Canadians, who each become fascinated by Carter's story in their own way. These characters are meant to act as a source of comfort for Lezra and inspiration for both he and Carter, while Carter acts as an inspiration for everyone, and they play their parts well. <br />It is not everyday that a movie as emotional and fascinating as this comes along, nor is it very often that we get such powerful acting and terrific plot together in the same movie. Norman Jewison's direction of this film is stellar and rich in supplying emotion, feeling, themes of redemption and reality, and human survival. Carter will always be remembered by those who see this movie, not because of his ordeal, but because of his strength and ability to live through it.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Blink 182's &quot;Enema Of The State&quot; is a cool and fun album that is jam-packed with warped, wicked beats and lyrics. What you see on the cover and the inside cover art is exactly what you get when you listen to their album. Blink 182, from the first song to the last song, inject you with 35 minutes of craziness, great energy, subversive behavior, and youthfulness. Even the album's title is an indication of the subversive behavior you will get from this group. Blink 182 is here to have fun and to turn things upside down with their music and \\"brat-sounding\\" style of singing---and they will have no regrets about it. There are some songs on this album that have complicated rhythmic patterns (either musically or lyrically) like \\"Dumpweed\\", \\"Don't Leave Me\\", \\"The Party Song\\", and \\"Athem\\", that are just amazing to listen to. Their best melodies can be found in songs like \\"What's My Age Again?\\" and \\"All The Small Things\\". In a way, \\"Enema Of The State\\" reminds me of \\"Dookie\\" (by Green Day). Both albums have great melodies, fun and energetic music, and they both have a subversive and \\"brat-sounding\\" edge to them. Also, the songs from both albums really seem to connect with and speak to a younger generation. An example from \\"Enema Of The State\\" is \\"Anthem\\". However, the lyrics on &quot;Dookie&quot; are a little darker and a bit more compelling than the lyrics on \\"Enema of the State&quot;. Which is why \\"Adam's Song\\", the darkest and most compelling song on the album, throws me off. This song, about a guy who is going to commit suicide, doesn't seem to fit in amongst the other fun and energetic songs. This is the one song in which Blink 182 sounds serious. It's almost like they took a break from all the fun to reflect on a more serious and sad issue. With the exception of \\"Adam's Song\\", we are not supposed to take Blink 182 seriously. They don't want us to. Look at the cover of the album, the inside cover art, the energy/sound of the music, and the topics they sing about. These factors make Blink 182 enjoyable, youthful, and infectious. There's a line in \\"What's My Age Again\\" that goes, \\"No one should take themselves seriously\\". I think this line sums up the theme of this album and Blink 182's motto. Blink 182 is here to have fun and they want everyone else to have fun too. In turn, we can't help but like Blink 182.
B00000DLVA|5.0|This is my favourite album out of all five that they have released.  Gran Turismo contains the Uk hit singles My Favourite Game, Erase/Rewind and Hanging Around.  The Cardigans have managed to break new ground with this album which has also turned out to be their best selling album to date and i can understand why.
B000050XEI|5.0|As Enya's seventh official album, she still manages to produce astounding chords, harmonies, and overlapping vocals. The song of Heaven itself cannot be much better than this. _A Day without Rain_ is an absolute masterpiece, one that reaches new heights for Enya. Overall, this album seems to have a peaceful, mellow theme to it; but this theme is actually halted for one song. The following is a song-by-song experience of Enya's _A Day without Rain_.<br />1. &quot;A Day without Rain&quot; is the first and title track of the album. As a quiet and gentle piano/vocal piece, the song seems to bring to mind a silent snowfall in winter. Yet as it is titled, the song pinpoints how glorious the sunshine can be after prolonged periods of rain.<br />2. &quot;Wild Child&quot; is the second song on the album. A bit playful but still retaining an inner knowing, this song's plucking background and rhythmic singing definitely project some sort of happiness or discovery. The melody is very catchy, and you'll find yourself singing along in no time.<br />3. &quot;Only Time&quot; is the gem-like third track on _A Day without Rain_, and is featured in the film _Sweet November_. This song quiets the mind and reassures that all troubles and triumphs are handled by time. The song seems to climax halfway through, with added background vocals and melody changes. Just like a rain shower fading, &quot;Only Time&quot; ends as if it has given you a pearl of wisdom.<br />4. &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; is where the theme stops, but then repeats after this song until the end of the album. Dark strings and xylophone-sound plunking give this song an edge. The chanted/sung Latin lyrics add to its eerieness, and its sound building at the end of the song leaves as quickly as it came. This is certainly a memorable piece.<br />5. &quot;Deora ar Mo Chroi&quot; is partners with &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; in that the strings in &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; quiet and fade into the background for this song. Serene Irish Gaelic lyrics make a very Enya-like atmosphere. If &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; raised your heart rate, this song definitely slows it down.<br />6. &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; is a lovely song with a pleasing melody and rhythm about two lovers and the stories told to them by Flora. Again using strings and airy background vocals, this song will put a smile on your face.<br />7. &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; is a contrast to &quot;Flora's Secret.&quot; Using a piano and Enya's voice as a solo, this song tells the story of losing a love, and reminiscing about how the world seemed so much better when her love was with her. What a sad but beautiful song! A real tear-jerker for anyone that has ever had to cope with loss.<br />8. &quot;Silver Inches&quot; almost seems like an attempt to brigten the mood of the sorrowful person in the last song! Using string-like (or maybe just string) instruments, this song's staccato fading to legato sound is absolutely marvelous.<br />9. &quot;Pilgrim&quot; in style and feeling seems to resemble &quot;Only Time,&quot; but not in sound! With Enya singing solo again (other than quiet background vocals through half of the song), the swaying melody and wisdom-filled lyrics create an almost comatose piece.<br />10. &quot;One by One&quot; is another catchy melody with strings and lovely vocals, about the adventures befalling a &quot;he&quot; and &quot;she&quot; who repeatedly leave each other. The chorus, &quot;one by one my leaves fall, one by one my tales are told&quot; almost give the feeling that the singer is telling their life story in this song.<br />11. &quot;Lazy Days,&quot; the last song (on the U.S. release) on _A Day without Rain_, is easily one of my favorites. A completely fun song about having a day or two to do &quot;nothing.&quot; The loose lyrics and spunky melody combine to form a joyous atmosphere. The &quot;chorus&quot; of climaxing &quot;da da da da da da da da da&quot;'s make you want to dance. This is the perfect ending toa perfect album.<br />In short, _A Day without Rain_ may just be Enya's best album yet. Although the length is little over 30 minutes, the quality of this music is worth every penny. Absolutely amazing!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Though I wouldn't put this movie in with the all time list of epics, I would say it is a very good contemporary effort and sure to be enjoyed by those who have liked such movies as Braveheart, RobRoy &amp; Patriot. One of the strongest attributes to the movie, besides the character of Russell Crowe, is the cinematography. Ridley Scott is a master at creating a unique ambience. The DTS track is especially powerful for those with Home theater and makes the movie seem that much more dramatic. Ididn't find the second disk of extra material to be that engaging and wouldn't highlight it as a selling point.
0345440757|2.0|Did I skip a chapter? I have read several books on getting my baby to sleep through the night, &amp; I'm still looking for the answer. I even had my mom stay with him for a week to comfort him through the nights (she really IS a baby whisperer) yet he still wakes up on schedule- 3 hours- for his feeding. After learning his cues, I know he's definetly hungry. I don't feel Tracy addressed the real issues that my friends and I have, instead, covered topics like  nursing too long (an hour) or trying to put him down with loud music. Duh!  She doesn't come right out and say it, but I believe she must let the babies cry it out as long as there obvious needs are met.  To her credit, she was entertaining &amp; had several ideas worth reading, such as her chapter on body language and cues. I loved her advice to treat your baby like a little human being. My son was already on her EASY schedule after reading 'Babywise'. Tracy, come to my house and see if you can whisper my son to sleep.
B000002TP7|5.0|This is one of the two perfect albumns ever made.  Lyrically, the Beastie Boys have surpassed everyone and I defy anyone else to put the word cuhootness in a song and make it work. I have listened to this CD countless times and I still hear something new everytime.  This albumn contains layered complexity.  The beats are never wack but like all great things, it might take a few listenings before the genius begins to sink in.
6305252521|5.0|I have, ever since he was a regular on In Living Color, been a big fan of Jim Carrey. First he did Fire Marshall Bill on the show, then moved to the big screen with Ace Ventura, then Dumb and Dumber, making some of the funniest movies of the 90's. He has become known for making some really crazy films, and has been labeled by many critics inmature and very over-the-top. So it was with great interest that I went to go see Jim Carrey in the Truman Show, a drama directed by Peter Weir, probably best known for directing Dead Poets Society. I had high hopes as well, since it was Weir who directed Robin Williams in that film, a known &quot;crazy man&quot;, and ended up winning Best Supporting Actor at the Academy Awards.<br />Jim Carrey plays Truman Burbank, a man who seems to have it all: a beatiful wife, a nice home, a steady job, and friendly neighbors in a nice small island town. But lately, he has been feeling unrest, a yearning, to go out and see the world, escape New Haven and experience life, not just the candy-coated version he had been handed. But it goes much deeper than that, as he soon finds out. His dead father suddenly reappears one day on the street as a homeless man, and after he is carried away by strangers for no reason, Truman starts to question everything around him, including the ones he loves.<br />For you see, Truman is the center of a great television show, called of course, The Truman Show. His whole life has been a sham, with his family nothing more than actors, and his entire surroundings a giant set in the middle of Los Angeles. The whole world is tuned in to him everyday, 24/7, and has been addicted to the show for over 30 years. There are Truman coffee mugs, Truman pillows, Truman dollhouses based on the real ones on the set, and even Truman bars, where people go to just watch the show. It is nothing short of a world-wide phenomona, created by  Christof, the man who originally came up with the idea and saw to the construction of it. He seeshimself as Truman's surrogate father, and truly believes that he is benefiting Truman, as well as the viewing public.<br />I won't go into too many more details of the plot, for there are those of you who have not seen it. But what I found to be fascinating is not only Jim Carrey's subdued, sympathetic performance, but the moral implications as well. We have today seen the sanctity of marriage destroyed in a &quot;reality&quot; program, witness voyeuristically first-hand people's sorrows and personal distasters, and while we say some of these programs are disgusting and against every moral fiber in our bodies, we continue to watch, and give these networks some of the highest ratings they have ever seen outside of the Super Bowl. I think this film raises several good points: how far would we go? And why are we so addicted to our televisions that we need to spend a hundred dollars a month on programming for 300 channels, that we need to catch every word of our favorite programs so we won't be left behind? The Truman Show is a great film to watch time and time again for entertainment, but it is also one of the most important cultural satires to come our way in a long time.<br />As for the technical aspects of the film, I thought the musical score was brought out fantastically through the 5.1 surround sound. And the colors are supurb, almost life-like. And if you have a widescreen television, you are in luck, because this film has an aspect ratio that goes great with your televisions, no ugly letterbox. You get to see the entire picture in widescreen, but with minimal black bars.
B00000J8EK|4.0|As being a trance lover (one of the biggest out there) I don't normally listen to this type of techno... cause that's what it is, techno.  It's not house, it's not trance, it's not drum 'n' bass, it's not even breakbeat, it's an amalgam of all those elements put together to make for a fine CD.  Yet this was the type of music I listened to when I entered the crazy underworld called electronic music.  And, though trance is my love, this is a great begining genre.  I have to admit, the Brothers have a way of getting deep into your soul... and finding just the right chord or sound effect to quicken your pulse.  These guys seriously do rock...<br />The best tracks on this CD are hands down 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, and 11. I especially love tracks 7 and 11.  This music shows the world that the Brothers can work with all types of music, including rock.  If you want a CD that rocks, and also has replay value, then buy this CD... my only gripe is I was expecting more music along the lines of &quot;Exit Planet Dust.&quot;  Because it wasn't what I was in the mood to hear, it lost a star... but I think that given time, it will earn that last star eventually in my heart.<br />PEACE OUT YOU CRAZY KIDS
B00000K0DT|5.0|I can't think of a much better film than the Usual Suspects. It combines incredible acting talent, riveting script, and direction that is remininsce of the classic thrillers of the 40's and 50's. Bryan Singer does a terrific job as the director, and Christopher McQuarrie's script is something all hopeful screenplay writers aspire to accomplish. The script won the Oscar, as well as Kevin Spacey, for Best Supporting Actor.<br />Kevin Spacey is a crippled ex-con who is brought into the police station after a boat full of 90 million dollars of drugs is blown up, along with several people. He then proceeds to tell the police what happened the past several weeks. A group of felons, including Spacey, is brought together for a lineup one night after a cop truck is hijacked, with all of it's illegal guns aboard missing. With no evidence, the police let them go. But the five men hatch a scheme to get even with the cops, resulting in a payoff for them, and a big ... for the cops. This scene is terrific, with the men taking money from a police &quot;Taxi&quot; service, and many officers indicted on transporting criminals in their squad cars for profit. This scheme shows how well the five work together, and sets up the rest of the movie. <br />Spacy then tells the cops that they went to California to lay low for awhile, until a much bigger caper appealed to them. I won't go into further details, but let me tell you that the intermix of scenes of Spacey's narrative and the story he tells is perfectly done. And you have to see the mind-blowing ending. The Usual Suspects is a great film, and I have high hopes that you'll enjoy it to. As for the DVD release, it comes with director's commentary and full/screen/wide options, but it only has Dolby Digital 2.0, so you won't get the full digital sound. Other than that, a great movie.
B00003XACV|5.0|I'm not just saying that because &quot;American Beauty&quot; is my favorite film ever.This score is simply gorgeous,timeless music.It's the kind of music that you could listen to anywhere,in any situation,and it would add a rich,reflective and profound air to the proceedings.What's amazing about the album is it's subtlety and restraint.Most film scores use desperately flailing orchestras to make a point,sometimes overwhelming the film itself;Thomas Newman's music insinuates itself quietly under yor skin-I didn't even realize there was so much music in the film till I heard this score and went back and watched it again on DVD.But once it's lodged in your subconcience,it'll alter the mood you're in.If you're a fan of the movie,you probably already have this album;if you never saw it,buy the album anyway,you won't be disappointed.
0792844890|5.0|SPACEBALLS whether you like it or not is going to be a classic comedy, a cult classic at the very least.  Jokes come almost one after another, almost all of them are funny and it's a fun movie to boot.  Many science fiction movies (Star Wars for the most part,) get the treatment in this wacky story about how the pintsized Darth Vader esque Dark Helmet (Rick Moranis with ridiculously oversized helmet and plastic tie) leads his enormous ship Spaceball 1 (a sign on the back says WE BREAK FOR NOBODY) and President Skroob's Spaceball empire on a quest to steal neighboring planet Druidia's air supply by kidnapping Druish Princess Vespa.  The King of Druidia hires Spacebum LoneStar and his Sidekick Barf (a Mog, half man half dog) to rescue her from the evil Spaceball clutches.  Lots of comic events follow; the Spaceballs watching a copy of the movie on VHS to learn where Lonestar is, Spaceball troopers capturing not our heroes but instead they're stunt doubles and a great confrontation between Dark Helmet and Lonestar where we learn that evil will always triumph all because good is dumb.  Don't think I've ruined anything because there is plenty more where that came from.  Truly fun and funny, oh and one last thing: may the Scwartz be with you
014028009X|5.0|this book is hilarious!  the honesty and humor of it is incredible.  this is the type of book that makes you think that your life isn't as bad as it seems and you actually feel sorry for bridget, while at the same time, are laughing with her.  this is the type of book to read when you're disappointed, hate the male species, or just need a good laugh.  all women should read this book!
B000001FTQ|5.0|Although I paid full price for this CD when I bought it 11 years ago, I still think it was worth the money. Mainly because the live version of &quot;Bad&quot; is nothing less than great! This EP shows U2 at its best both in the studio and in concert.<br />&quot;Love Comes Tumbling&quot; and &quot;Three Sunrises&quot; are polished pieces that should've been included in &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; CD. Given the overall weakness of UF, these two cuts alone would've helped raise the caliber of that album.<br />&quot;Sort of Homecoming&quot; is an outstanding live perfomance that makes the studio version of this song seem pathetic. Without a doubt, the live version of &quot;Bad&quot; is among rock's gold standard of concert recordings. The rhythm section of Mullen and Clayton are solid and very much in harmony here and Edge's chiming guitar is vintage U2! <br />I agree this disc ain't cheap but what's on here is worth the price of admission. Buy it. You won't regret it.
B000001FA4|1.0|&quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; is a disappointing follow-up to their prior release, the sensational &quot;War.&quot; There's not much on this album to recommend it as much of what's on here is bland and uninspiring, save &quot;Wire&quot; and the title track. A better alternative would be to get the video of this album as it shows what a creative force U2 was in the mid-1980's.
0140434135|4.0|This is the novel of young Catherine Morland, who comes into the unfortunate knowledge that reality does not consist of the fantastical realms literature represents it to be.  This youung girl learns the value - but dissapointment of friends, the glorious tragedies of society and the ecstacy and agaony of love.  Young Catherine takes us through her stay at the affluent city of Bath; with it's balls, theater and propietous atmosphere- her stay with friends at a mysterious, grand abbey and her trip back to her home.  The precious, innocent young girl that leaves for Bath is not the same one that auspicioulsy makes the journey home alone and grandoisly changed. <br />This book was funny, it was endearing, it was beutiful.  I enjoyed every page.  I came to know every character and inclusively feel like I was in Bath myself and aquaintances of these young, boisterous characters.  My only complaint is that it is trifingly similar to other novels by the author; but it is exquisite none the less. I whole heartedly enjoyed this novel and will love keeping it for my daughters!
B000001EAQ|1.0|U2 began the 1990's with the bold and innovative &quot;Achtung! Baby&quot; and it ended the decade with the flat and pretentious &quot;Pop.&quot; This  is U2 at its worst. &quot;Pop&quot; is nothing more than a tiresome piece of pseudo-commentary on marketing and commercialization and listening to it is about as enjoyable as flossing your teeth. This album is an unlistenable piece of techno-junk. Don't waste your money on it!
B0000508U6|5.0|Coldplay's Parachutes is one of the best cd's I've heard in a long time.  In age filled with ....... posers like Fred Durst, and self-indulgent retreads like Creed, it is refreshing to see Coldplay sing about something everyone can relate to; the highs and lows of living and love.  The record opens with the meloncholy &quot;Don't Panic&quot; which pairs lyrics like &quot;Homes, places we've grown, all of us are done for&quot; beside the hopeful &quot;We live in a beautiful world.&quot;  &quot;Don't Panic&quot; sets the tone for parachutes, an album about desparation, unrequited love, and yet full of hope and longing.  &quot;Shiver&quot; is an amazing song that managers stir every emotion bouncing about the human heart.  A man who sings about feeling abandoned manages to never lose hope when lead singer Chris Martin sings &quot;I will always be waiting for you.&quot;  The guitar on this album also helps to create the sense of longing and hope that overrides all the pain on this album.  Martin's vocals are heavily influenced by the late great Jeff Buckley and Thom Yorke of Radiohead.  The falsetto of Martin also helps keep the mood of pain and longing and honesty that are so dominant on this album.  The theme of pain and loss acompanied with an undying hope is present even in the most lamentable songs like &quot;Spies&quot; and &quot;We Never Change.&quot;      On &quot;Yellow,&quot; a song where Martin proclaims to his love &quot;Look at the stars, look how they shine for you,&quot; is a song that duplicates the exact emotion of love, of falling in love, of that connection that is often undefinable.  With the beautiful lyrics and emotion filled guitar, Coldplay crafts a song that really captures the moment.  On &quot;Everything's Not Lost,&quot; Martin cries out to us to never lose hope, &quot;If you ever feel neglected, and you think that all is lost, I'll be counting up my demons, singing 'everything's not lost'&quot; No matter how dire the situation, hope will pull us through.      Parachutes is an album bulging with honesty and emotion.  This record shows that rock still has a power to affect the heart when crap-rock and grunge-retreads drain the emotion out of the music.  I urge anyone and everyone to buy this album.
0790751305|1.0|I fail to see why Clint Eastwood won an academy award for this picture because, IMO, \\"Unforgiven\\" is Eastwood's worst film. It's slow, dull, choppy, and unlike those great spaghetti western classics, this film lacks drama and action. If you liked \\"For A Few Dollars More\\" or \\"The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly\\", chances are you aren't going to like \\"Unforgiven\\" because it's long on dialogue and short on action.
6301930827|5.0|I really liked this movie because it showed a very possible scenario that still happen today. I just wished they would have shown some of the ground operations, it takes alot of people to get U.S.Air Force planes in the air. I still remeber what a rush it was to look in the air when a plane just took off and knowing I had a hand making that happen. I thought Rebecca  Demornay was excellent in her performance as a woman pilot. I can't begin to say enough about her range as an actress. Hollywood likes making movies about the Navy and the other branches but not much about the Air Force. I know wherever landbased Russian planes are,&quot;  landbased&quot; U.S.Air Force planes are sure to follow,&quot;never say never&quot; just say where and when. Rebecca Demornay. she's the best. That's all folks, a former ground equipment mechanic Altus AFB Ok 9-24-81 to 9-23-85 including 22 hrs. flight time aboard tail #'s 462 @ 477 during Red Flag ,85, the only detail I noticed about the movie aerial refueling. Rebecca you looked good in a flight suit! Jim Lantz Jr.
0792842499|5.0|A classic! Buy it!
B000056K04|5.0|The Dave Matthews Band is one of the best bands i've ever heard. I will admit that this sounds almost nothing like their older music, but is yet still an outstanding CD. I can't seem to turn it off once it's on. I highly suggest that you buy this cd asap. I bet that you will more than satisfied. Hope ya'll like it
B000001DTM|4.0|For U2, the 1990's was something of a nadir period in the group's career. Although albums like &quot;Pop&quot; and &quot;Zooropa&quot; can be easily dismissed as trite, &quot;Achtung! Baby&quot; is a true masterpiece that commands attention. <br />This album is very innovative in that it shows a different side of U2's songwriting talents. Although this album eschews the formulaic sounds of their earlier albums, this lack of predictability helps make for an interesting album. From the kick-ass power chords of &quot;Zoo Station&quot; to the moody &quot;Love Is Blindness,&quot; U2 leaves no stone unturned in its quest for musical adventurism. An adventure that the listener will no doubt enjoy taking too.
B00000AFWW|3.0|The same old threee or four chords arranged differently for the thousandth time... Anyway, it's a good rock album.
B00004TVG7|5.0|music from the 4th century BCE?    This CD represents an obvious adherence to what is at best, guesswork.  Still, with Gregorio Paniagua conducting the Atrium Musicae De Madrid, I can almost see the &quot;Huppocrites&quot; (play actors) on a stage at Delphi chanting and pounding out the first real attempts at solidifying a coherency in western music.   Sometimes frantic, almost invading styles of introductions, alert one to the fantastic possibility that this is indeed how it may have sounded so long ago. From these swells to melancholy whispers and ancient recitals, combined with excellent timing and very resourceful use of their respective instruments, any serious student of western culture and certainly of Greek culture should listen to this CD.
B00000JCB2|3.0|2 much rap, not enough hardcore stuff. That's just what it about comes down to. I'll give a brief summary on every song to let you  know<br />&quot;Just Like This&quot;- Very cool. One of few highlights on this cd &quot;Nookie&quot;- Unbelievably awesome. I still find myself singing the chorus. &quot;Break-Stuff&quot;- Sweet lyrics, cool guitars. &quot;Re-Arranged&quot;- Kinda boring, yet in a way fun to listen to.   All the other songs on &quot;Significant Other&quot; suck. Get Limp Bizkit's new album instead, Ya'll.
B00004SC3M|3.0|Fast action, nicely done updated high-tech version which reminded me of the old Mission Impossible shows. Another comparison that popped up in my mind was a relation to a 1964 flick called &quot;Topkapi&quot; whose plot consisted of a bunch of theives (albeit amatuers), that try to steal a jewel encrusted dagger from a sultan statue in an Instanbul museum.  However, like others who have viewed Entrapment I found it necessary to use the &quot;backspace&quot; button several times throughout the movie,in order to put the plot together in my mind. Also, I wish they would have not breezed through the high tech computer Y2K heist using very fast takes.  Still it is a recommended flick.
B000001Y42|4.0|By far, Three Dollar Bill, Ya'll is their best album. &quot;Pollution&quot; gets the cd rock'n hard, &quot;Counterfeit&quot; as we all know knocked the crap out of everybody and &quot;Faith&quot; is an awesome single. &quot;Stuck&quot; is my personal favorite cuz the guitars on that track just kicks! The only stupid and worst done song on the album was &quot;Everything&quot;  which was unbelievably boring and dull. But if you exclude that and check out the other cool tracks, you should definently enjoy this awesome LP by Limp Bizkit!
B000056VIY|3.0|JLo as a whole is not a bad album but unless your a true Jennifer Lopez &quot;music&quot; (not film) fan this album will appear to be a real disappointment because we all know that Jennifer Lopez is an average but capable singer so for the majority of us we rely heavyly on tight production to lift her music to that next level however on her 2nd album the production is inconsistent and lacking identity and at times hinders her.<br />The songs on the album appear to have either a latin, pop or R&amp;B feel to them and don't all fit well together.<br />The highlights of the album to me are:<br />Track #1 - Love Don't Cost A Thing - Which is a very danceable track with a well done beat combine that with good lyrics and this kind of song highlights Jennifer's vocals and singing style.<br />Track #13 - That's The Way - Is definitely the best track by far, which was produced by Rodney &quot;Darkchild&quot; Jerkins who also produced most if not all of her last album.<br />Other listenable tracks are # 6 - Carino and # 11 - Secretly.<br />Overall there were just too many producers with different styles working on this album and therefore it never really had any good direction.<br />The album by far is not bad but it could have been a better sophmore effort by Jennifer LoLo.
B0000060NF|5.0|Great album by a singer who crossed the boundaries of soul/r&amp;b and made his way into the top 40 pop charts. When I was in highschool, the songs &quot;What's Going On&quot; and &quot;Mercy Mercy Me&quot; were being played in heavy rotation alongside the hard rock and heavy metal that dominated the charts during that time. Although I'm basically a rock fan, I loved this album, mainly because of it's use of congas and heavy percussion, and other instruments you don't normally hear on a r&amp;b record. It was really a breakthrough sound at the time. Besides all the top 40 music on here, this album is loaded with other great songs. A couple of my favorites are &quot;What's Happening Brother&quot;, which kinda continues the &quot;What's Going On&quot; sound. I'm surprised this song didn't hit the top 40 also. It's great. Also the 7 minute &quot;Right On&quot;, with the cool flute, sounds a lot like the great west coast music being made at the time, made even better by Marvin Gaye's soulful singing. I've never heard anything quite like &quot;What's Going On&quot;. It's unique, and I think it's one of the great pop gems of the 70's.
B000050FEN|5.0|Morgan Freeman portrays the veteran homicide detective, who is partnered with Brad Pitt who shows up at the first murder scene. This scene just barely sets the stage for all of the twists and turns that this movie throws at you. The brilliance of the writting of this movie is second to none. It shows you all of the emotions of the characters, from the bottom of the heart love all the way through complete and total anger. The way the killer is protrayed is just another aspect of brilliance of this movie. The clues that are left behind, as well as where they are left is just mind blowing.<br />This DVD is also jammed full of features that just make this DVD a MUST HAVE for movie buffs. I gave this movie 5 stars for the simple fact that 10 stars is not on this list. This is a movie that I would make my own parents put a $30.00 deposit on to borrow from me.
B00000DRA9|5.0|Ok...This may sound a little strange, but for those of you who love this album (and  I hope it's all of you) try listening to this CD while driving down the freeway.  More specifically, listen to the track &quot;Happy Flight&quot; you will feel just like Falkor...I guarantee! It's so great!  This CD is just awesome, there is no other owrds to describe, it is amazing, and every true 80's child needs to add it to their collection! E.L.F!
B000056K04|5.0|As always, DMB comes out of the recording studio with a new and refreshing music style. Of course, it isn't like their old albums of light, elongated and elegant solos preformed by the quintet. However, the metamorphisis into a more &quot;streamlined&quot; style of music just shows you how much DMB can adapt to new ways of expressing themselves in lyrics and music. So, if you're a fan, buy this CD! you'll love the new &quot;face&quot; of this ever-evolving group. If you're new to the scene of DMB...also buy this CD! you'll love the easily-digestable music, as Dave and his friends invite you into their world! All in all, this is a cd which should be on everyone's shelf (unless you're one of those heavy-death-metal people...but why are you reading this anyways? :)
0446677450|1.0|I purchased this book as the referral to my 18 yrs old son.  Now he thinks that he can 'make a million' and very soon.  Somewhere he missed out that you've got to have a job, or some money in excess of personal expenses BEFORE you invest.  He wants to take his small paycheck (18hrs/wk) and invest.  Ok then, what kind of 'investments' can a non-rich (money challenged person) that will  gain him wild eyed mega dollars.  He has decided that after reading your book that high school is no longer important (He's got one English credit to finish) and his comment is Why do I need this or college for that matter?  He's been an excellent student and has had high goals and hopes, now all he does is look at the stock market channel and tell me how many shares he 'could buy IF/ I-F he had the money.  Dashing his dreams, being responsible with his current finances and living with Mom until his 'investments' pay off sounds crazy to me.  Is it all about making that all mighty dollar or is it about raising kids with hopes and guidance toward a better life.     PS How many times have you tried this 'sure method'?  Was it a one time go and Whallah!  You were rich?? and then what about life and family- do they EVEN figure into your 'perfect plan'? I'd hope that there is a balance for this book/plan and maybe a 'book' for me to help him to answer the questions he has of me. Now he thinks that all my hard work is a less that good choice. Single parenting is **hard enough without someone reading this book and thinking that a school and acareer are dumb things.  Did you even mention the jerks that one has to endure along the way until they are no longer in the picture.  Help us out here.
B00001NFCY|3.0|Well, at first I thought I had found a great winner.......but after listening to the CD the first time I was disppointed.....then I TRIED to listen to it a few more times, this is a VERY weak CD....... Sorry people there older CD's are better!
B00005067B|5.0|awesome box incl. all that you can't leave behind cd, u2 zippo lighter, wool hat as worn by the edge, 3 plectrums in different u2 designs. all packaged in a beautiful velvet box. limited to 1000 incl. certificate.
B000002H33|5.0|YES! Some of thier best work ever is on this CD. If you are a fan or just a would-be pick this up! You will not hear anything like it now-a-days with all the ... that is out there.
B0000062FL|5.0|This is one of the greatest albums in the history of Rock and Roll. if you have only enough money to buy one CD - this is the best investment you'll make.
B000002H97|1.0|BAD ! Want to hear where a super group lost all thier talent? Want to hear where they changed everything an desided to sell out ? Well then pick this Cd up. I know music changes an so do groups......but really I think they went a bit over board here....it has been all down hill sence.
B0000033WC|5.0|When I was about 12, a friend introduced me to two albums: Loaded, and Sanatana's Abraxas. Until then I had been wrapped up in pop music only - and both LP's (still in the days of vinyl) were a revelation: I suddenly realised that rock could explore intellectual and emotional avenues with clarity - and still be stunning to listen to.<br />Both albums remain amongst my all-time favourites; and I still believe both to be amongst the finest albums rock has ever produced.<br />I've listened to LOTS of Lou Reed since then, but nothing I have ever heard exclipsed the first time I heard Sweet Jane.
B000056K04|3.0|As some one who used to go listen to DMB on Tuesday nights at Trax in Charlottesville after half-price wings night at St. Maartens, I must say that Everyday is a disappointment.  Anyone who has seen the band in concert, especially in a small venue, quickly realizes this is where the band really shines.  This album is a departure from that sound and doesn't make any pretenses otherwise.  The musicianship is very credible as always, I'm just not sure who's playing what.  They used to be an acoustic guitar, sax, bass, fiddle and drums.  Now they sound very mastered, mixed and added to.  The album will undoubtable appeal to many and be a huge success, but it's my least favorite to date.
B00004R7AP|5.0|This is just the word to describe the music of The Corrs.  Their music is simply BEAUTIFUL!!!  After watching part of the Unplugged concert on the MTV channel, I bought the Unplugged audio CD as I love the music.  I have been a HUGE fan since then.  The audio CD is good but I still think that watching The Corrs perform is better, so I went out to buy the Unplugged video CD.  The Corrs are very talented.  I can watch the concert again and again without getting tired.  The Corrs' music can help anyone relax and lighten the moods.  I have all of The Corrs's audio CDs and now I'm collecting their concert VCDs.  Fans out there!  Please collect your own copy now 'coz you won't regret it!!!  =)
B00004SPYJ|3.0|We all know the story of Romeo &amp; Juliet, two young couples from the opposing families of Montague (Romeo's Family) &amp; Capulet (Juliet's Family) fall in love after a party and then elope. And then when Juliet is forced by his father to marry another man she doesn't love so she pretends (with a little help of a sleeping potion) she is dead and is taken to a Mosuluem where the plan is to have Romeo get her and run away. However the famous ending is that Romeo doesn't know about her wife's sleeping potion plot and goes to the moseluem anyway after finding out about her death. And not being able to live without his beloved he kills himself with poison. Juliet later wakes up and finds Romeo dead and for the same reason kills her self but with a self-inflicted stab wound. And then the two once opposing families make peace. Now thats a story in a nutshell which is pretty good. However the movie although with realistic setting &amp; realistic looking cast (meaning they look like the original play said like they looked)just isn't a good movie out of the great storyline. The scenes are cartonish and the jokes are hidden puns which takes incredible amounts of thinking to get it and see they aren't even funny. The acting is a bit robotic and unreal. And the scenes are really boring-making me almost go to sleep. So basically the movie is too fake and not enough real drama to keep me enticed.
B000002UAU|5.0|This album paved the way in several forms of music, and the formula of not releasing any of these songs as singles.
B000002ADT|5.0|notes from a Kind of Blue listener:                        The modal playing evinced from the get go with &quot;So What&quot; was something I was not used to, on the very, very first listen.  Chord progressions were the norm for bebop jazz, but the man with the horn knew what he would accomplish with the stellar lineup.   I was intrigued, although I hadn't listened through to &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot;  I did manage to listen again, and again, and had favorites - &quot;Blue in Green&quot; and &quot;All Blues.&quot;  Like most people who have lavished this album, I could soon appreciate the depth     of the tunes.  The professionalism and cohesive sound comes through note for note. Every piece is its own snap or lilt and vibrancy, yet they all carry (uhh..) a bluish hue.   Davis, Adderley, et al. wanted to make impressions in sound, and they reached that artistic virtuousity.  Corny as it seems, upon my intial listenings of &quot;All Blues&quot;, I had the impression of walking into an exhibit hall of a museum and seeing some fine art work!
B000002J09|5.0|The reason for this is - every song on the album is my favorite. This album rocks out of every album. First, you start off in &quot;Black Dog&quot;, then &quot;Rock and Roll&quot;, then you take a break with &quot;Battle of Evermore&quot;. &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; is the song that puts me in meditation until it rocks out at the end. &quot;When The Levee Breaks&quot; is the perfect ending song on the album. Give it a listen, give it a chance, and this album (CD) will fit in to your collection.
B000051VQR|4.0|Even though a lot of people had told me that Warning was rubbish, I bought it anyway and found that it s very underrated. Minority, Fashion Victim and Church On Sunday are all really good, and even though it's very quiet, Macy's Day Parade is an excellent track. The style has changed but the music is still great. There is a lot more variety in this album than on Dookie and Insomniac and i'd recommend it, even if you're not a big punk fan.
B00000DFSK|5.0|Yes, this is a musthave for U2 beginners and fans. Their first ten years on a major label are all on this CD. They did leave out a few good songs, like &quot;Bullet the Blue Sky&quot;. Even when The Best Of 1990-2000 comes out, this album is awesome.
B00004XOWM|3.0|This album was a  dissapointment after its predecessor. Basically, My Generation ,Take a Look Around and Livin It Up are as good as it gets and most of the other stuff lacks the class of their previous stuff. Rollin is so irritating now  and I still can't believe it got to number one.  If u buy one LB album get Significant Other.
B000001FSR|5.0|When I heard this for the first time I was only 21. The strangest thing I'd listened to and enjoyed was The Velvet Underground. By all accounts I shouldn't have been ready for this! However, I immediately took to the mysterious ethnic influences, the poetic lyrics sung by a beautiful loser with a voice like sandpaper who even tries and fails wonderfully to sing opera! Waits has never quite returned to this sound. While he remains one of my all time faves I've since moved on to Pogues, Le Negrettes Vertes, and the obscure NYC band Raving Noah for my share of scruffy but literate rock and roll.
0805211063|5.0|just like Kafka didn't finish writing this novel,  haven't finished reading this novel. basic facts- you'll get bored and you'll love to get bored,creates a surreal atmosphere and setting-one which is more real than any other setting in any other book.. It's a challenge to the reader to read the book.. but it doesn't have anything mysterious to do with its title. just sit back and relax..this book cannot be finished in two days. everytime  read a few pages,  feel the fragments of existentialism, but not like in an Albert Camus book or a J.P Sartre book. this one is definitely DIFFERENT!!
B000001FFJ|5.0|Waits moves moves away from the California singer songwriter persona and creates instead the beginnings of what would become the Barking Maestro! On Rain Dogs he begins his interest in Eastern European ethnic music creating a whole new genre of music. Countless bands have been influenced by this incarnation including such well known bands as the The Pogues, Nick Cave or the much more obscure but worthwhile Raving Noah.
B000002LCX|4.0|Not my favorite Smiths album, but it is still a great record. Unhappy birthday and I won't share are amazing!
B000001FFJ|5.0|Waits moves moves away from the California singer songwriter persona and creates instead the beginnings of what would become the Barking Maestro! On Rain Dogs he begins his interest in Eastern European ethnic music creating a whole new genre of music. Countless bands have been influenced by this incarnation including such well known bands as the The Pogues, Nick Cave or the much more obscure but worthwhile Raving Noah.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears may not have the vocal power of Christina Aguilera, but she comes close on &quot;Oops... I Did It Again&quot;. The title song and first release is a winner, showing us the playful side of Britney, and it did hit the top 10, but where I think she went wrong is releasing &quot;Lucky&quot; the secong song this song is just stupid, there is no point to it, although the video is pretty good, then we recieve the 3rd release a I think the 2nd best song on the album &quot;Stronger&quot;, this is a totally different sound for Britney, here her voice sounds a lot better than on &quot;Lucky&quot;, and there is also a great video for &quot;Stronger&quot;, but finally she releases the 4th single and I feel her best on the album. &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot; sounds like nothing Britney has released as of yet, her voice is very strong on this song, and she finally put her voice to good use. I also helps that the song was written by Mutt Lange and Shania Twain, I mean just listen to the sound and it sounds like something Shania would sing, but hat is not the only reason I like it, it's just a good song one that Britney could be happy it's on this album. All in all &quot;Oops...I Did It Again&quot; is not a bad album.
0790729644|1.0|I found Unforgiven one of the most over rated movies in Hollywood history! I am well aware of all the oscars that it has recieved but that just shows, as usual, the politics and clout that Eastwood has with  this organization. The direction and character development is typical Eastwood(cardboard) and this very long movie had several places that dragggged on into boredom. Sergio Leone and Don Segal did far BETTER  with directing Eastwood in Westerns. I must point out that anyone I know who saw Unforgiven came away completely baffeled about what made this movie notable!      It must be noted that I enjoy Eastwood, the actor, and think that he should stay in front of the camera.
B00004XMVL|5.0|Most film makers cheat on sci-fi by trying to make us believe that a desert scene with a colored gel taped to the camera should pass muster as another planet.  Twohy goes the extra mile here, creating believable outdoors scenes, good characters, and great monsters.  A real winner that will hopefull put the makers of the Alien series on their toes.
6304493681|3.0|The DVD and the movie, are things that I truly recommend you to own, the animation is great, the DVD transfer it's sooooooooooooooooooo great that I feel that I am there, the sound quality is the best I had ever heard, the Dolby Digital 5.1, sounds great, it dosen't even sounds like Dolby, soudns like DTS, also the storyline it's great also, but the movie it's kind of flat, and relativly short, and it had a lot of labyrinthine, but still this movie it's definetly a must see and a most own.
B00000IMCW|1.0|My God, this movie was awful.  Bad acting, brainless dialogue, innefective makeup, and some of the worst editing I've ever seen.  How this movie could have so many fans is mind-boggling.  I guess it's good for a couple of laughs, especially when it comes to the head-exploding scene.  But otherwise, this is lacking in both wit and actual fear.  It's a trashy type of film you see at around 2 in the morning with a pizza in your hand.  Just because it claims to be a satire on consumerism doesn't make it a good movie.  Just because it had gore doesn't make it a good movie.  This film has nothing going for it.
0784011796|3.0|The good: Gripping, disturbing cinematography, with excellent surrealistic elements and sequences.  Also, from purely a  production standpoint, the visceral impact delivered for the obviously low budget is quite impressive. Musical score conveys a suitable level of paranoia and is one of the better elements of the film.<br />The so-so: The limited number of supporting cast members do a reasonably good job here, but nothing to get really excited about.  The lead character's role is developed and consequently delivered unevenly, alternating between migraine-suffering introverted genius (really good stuff), and incensed crusader for ultimate knowledge (not-so-good stuff).<br />The bad:  Well, I don't really think the movie has any truly bad elements, but some are lacking.  The film makes extensive use of surrealistic scenes, which is fine, as far as it goes.  However, the plot itself teeters on believability, blending plausible elements of the story with essentially impossible situations. Some viewers may (and judging from the other reveiws here, do) react positively to this particular amalgamation, but it did nothing for me.<br />To sum up: In some important ways a 5 star effort, in others more like 2 stars.  Definitely glad I decided to see it, and would recommend it to those whose artistic tastes don't run completely to the mainstream.
B000056K04|5.0|When I first heard &quot;I Did It&quot; on the radio, I have to admit, I was turned off.  The single is brash, poppy, and an extreme departure from the laid back style of dmb.  Because of this, I felt a little anxious as I bought the CD.  After listening to the CD once, however, I knew it was a keeper.  From the upbeat songs like &quot;Mother Father&quot;, &quot;When The World Ends&quot;, and &quot;So Right&quot; to the amazingly musical songs like &quot;The Space Between&quot; and &quot;Fool to Think&quot;, this album doesn't have a bad song - except for the single &quot;I Did It&quot;.  The rest of the CD is distictly different from the single, and although it still is a new style and feel for the band, it still retains Dave-like qualities in it's beats, chords, and lyrics.  A must have for any Dave fan - or any other music lover for that matter.
0767830520|5.0|Hi, all. I am 32 years old and definitely, my son (4yrs old) will be told to try all (well, most at least) De Niro movie. The 'Awakening' was the first impact. Then I was a freshman who couldn't help tears. The 'Mission' finished the game...the scene of climbing cliff with his heavy armors, gee- even just reminding of it causes tears again now. What a great actor he is! God father 2, Deer hunter and so on, even though some of his recent stuffs were not great (I didnt' like 'Heat' anyway). Yesterday, I had bought a used video of Taxi driver and today morning, before coming to work, I couldn't help watching about 10 min. Yeah- really it is a great movie and I can know it with only 10 mins' watch. It is a really great thing to live with one great actor or two (Jack, it is you). Ah- check 'Midnight Run'. You shouldn't miss it if you are real De Niro fan.
B000050XEI|3.0|If this was my first exposure to Enya, or if I were looking for the same stylish genre, sound, originality and feel of her previous works, I would give it 4 stars. But, she ventures nowhere new in this CD, and it lacks the more dramatic, creative, and captivating tracks as are found on Watermark, Shepherd's Moon, or The Celts. A Day Without Rain seems to be a continuation of The Memory of Trees, only slightly duller. It's nice music, but doesn't call to be listened to over again as her other works do.
B000002LUB|4.0|While the work of Judas Priest and Iron Maiden became creatively negative by the early-mid 1980's, the Black Sabbath concept continued to represent hard rock music as a valid musical form,  the band drawing from inspiration's well right up to 1992's 'Dehumanizer'.    Objectively speaking there are four excellent songs here - &quot;After All&quot;, &quot;Letters...&quot;, &quot;I&quot;, and &quot;Time Machine&quot; - , &quot;Master of Insanity&quot; still requiring some work, &quot;Computer God&quot;'s riff not being a strong idea, and a &quot;Sins of the Father&quot; lacking identity.       The vocals are a bit of a liberty for Dio as their focus is on clarity and power rather than enchantment this time; it's nice to be reminded that Ronnie is alive, that a wind-up toy didn't replace him in 1984. Geezer Butler has a recognizable style; but the bass here could be anybody - it certainly doesn't sound like the player who is all over previous albums.    The lyrics are outstanding - they come up strong against the dishumanity of our age's mainstream prophetiscisms. Rather than a stereo-typical 'headbanger' the cover should have had the victim be just a person - because this music is art for modern humanity rather than a youth phase - and should have been drawn by a better artist. Otherwise it represents the music well.     Over-all I would give 'Dehumanizer' an eight out of ten - a seven amongst the great albums, and a nine for coming out in 1992; it has a style of its own and there is integrity in its bombast.
0812589041|5.0|For anyone interested in Science Fiction there are certain &quot;must read&quot; books: The Foundation Trilogy; Dune; The Martian Chronicles; Stranger in a Strange Land -- you get the drift. Ender's Game is also on the list. So if you're new to the genre -- buy this book. If you're already a fan, but somehow missed this one -- stop reading reviews and buy the book; now. If you're not a Science Fiction fan, but enjoy good literature -- buy the book. It is purely and simply, a great read.<br />Card creates a world and peoples it with characters worth caring about. He moves them through their challenges in a manner flowing from the characters, not his need for something to happen. The result is a masterpiece. I do not know a single person who has read this book who hasn't enjoyed it.<br />P.S. After reading it, treat yourself to Ender's Shadow, in which the action overlaps Ender's Game's, but from the perspective of another character -- Bean. It's a real treat to look into Card's world from a different window.
0688101364|5.0|This is a fabulous cookie cookbook!<br />The layout is easy to read and Rose Levy Beranbaum gives you two ways to make all of the cookies - the mixer or the food processor.  The food processor worked perfectly.<br />Try the ginger pennies.  They have become a new tradition for the holidays in our family.<br />I bake a lot of cookies especially at the holidays and this is by far one of the best cookie cookbook I have found.
B000005HLV|4.0|As many of the other reviewers have mentioned, this is a groundbreaking/genre defining recording that contains some of the corpse-rippingest  songs ever penned. &quot;Funeral Fog&quot; and &quot;Pagan Fears&quot;  defy comparison in all but the blackest realms of metal. When the former blasts out of your speakers you will want to eat your own skin. Attila's vocals are simply inhuman - amazing. The grinding snarl of Euronymous' guitar will melt your eyes. Hellhammer is certainly remarkable, but tends to rely too heavily on strikingly similar tom-tom rolls - which lose their dramatic effect through overuse. Nevertheless, the controlled frenzy of his approach, lends his playing a jazzy quality  that begs comparison with the apocalyptic drumming of Elvin Jones (and, indeed, the haunting chaos of black metal was strangely anticipated by the later work of John Coltrane).
B000055Y0X|4.0|The special edition of Dr. Strangelove is one of Columbia Pictures' better DVD releases, possessing a healthy portion of extras for the avid Kubrick fan. The disc includes a 45 minute documentary about the making of the film with many interesting tidbits, such as the fact, that Peter Sellers had originally been considered for the part of Major Kong, portrayed by Slim Pickens. The video package also has another mini-documentary about the cutting edge director, a rather skimpy &quot;art gallery&quot;(one photo) and fascinating footage of Sellers and George C. Scott in their costumes, doing mock interviews.<br />Although, this film was supposedly filmed in mulitiple aspect ratios, I saw very little evidence of improvement, with the occasional off-and-on switch to full screen or to a minimal letterboxed format. The cropping reveals very little extra information.<br />Although, the opening animated menu is creative with a little airplane flying by, dropping a bomb on a cartoon globe, this quickly grew tedious.<br />The picture is crisp and the audio clear. The extra audio tracks include a Spanish and French dubbing of the film, which is mildly amusing to hear the different renditions. There are also at least 6 different subtitle options! Overall, I enjoyed this DVD edition and highly recommend it to any fan of this great black comedy.
B000056K04|5.0|When I first heard &quot;I Did It,&quot; I became slightly worried.  I ordered Everyday anyway because I am positively obsessed with Dave Matthews Band.  My first impressions of the CD were &quot;this is great, but its just not the same Dave.&quot; There are many good songs on this CD, (they all don't sound like I Did It) and I would highly recommend it.  However, it lacks some of the things that made Dave so great in the past.  Moore and Tinsley seem to have less of a prescence, and there isn't as much acoustic guitar as I would expect.  It is very edgy, and I was hoping for more songs like #41, The Stone, and Warehouse.  I liked what Glen Ballard did with Alanis Morisette in Jagged Little Pill, but I just don't think he is the best match for Dave Matthews Band.  Some things in this album remind me of Matchbox Twenty (Don't get me wrong, I love them too.) I am extremely anxious to see what Dave will do with these songs live.  Dave Matthews Band is still awesome, no matter what they do.
B00003CXMG|5.0|As Lester Bangs says to the main character, William Miller, &quot;too bad you missed rock and roll.&quot;  The year is 1973.  The Beatles are no longer speaking, the Rolling Stones are making the first of their many bad albums, Hendrix and Morrison have kicked the can and Led Zeppelin, Black Sabbath and The Who are almost over.  The dust is settling and a decade of great music is quickly fading.<br />&quot;Almost Famous&quot; is equally about the love of music as about the story of a band.  The characters and plot are well crafted and it's even more interesting to watch because it's Crowe's autobiography.  Anyone who has a deep love of music will probably enjoy this movie, especially the many references to (what I consider to be) good music (&quot;Pet Sounds&quot;, &quot;Raw Power&quot;, &quot;White Light/White Heat&quot;, etc).<br />Whether you're just looking for good entertainment or furthur proof that you're not crazy for loving music as much as you do, you will like it.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Here's my review (points; worst 1, best 10)(read the Silmarillion first) 7 1War of Wrath:cool narrating between Morgoth and Sauron 8 2Into the Storm: SUPER MUSIC! with followers of Morgoth and Feanor screaming for the Silmarils 6 3Lammoth: only a whail of Melkor screaming to Ungoliath 10 4Nighftall: COOL!! Nighftall,quietly it crept in and changed us all! 6 5The ministel: a ministrel,dunno the purpose 8 6The Curse of Feanor: he makes his oath in the city to Morgoth,very cool 6 7Caputered:Morgoth to a prisoner(you are now my guest,forever,whaha) 7 8Blood Tears: good music 10 9Mirror Mirror: VERY GOOD,dunno wich part of the book.(Mirror Mirror on the wall,thruh hope lies behind the coast) 6 10: piece of story 8 11Noldor(Dead winter reigs): cool chantig 6 12Battle of Sudden Flame: dunno what it means 10 13Time Stands Still:BEST SONG; the fight of Fingolfin vs. Morgoth 8 14The Dark Elf: Monestary chantig(A dark seed of evil has grown) 8 15Thorn: nice music 7 16The Eldar : chanting,quite good 8 17Nom the Wise: Beren saying farewell to a king 9 18When Sorrow sang: good music!! 7 19Out on the water: chanting about the isle of the dead,quite nice 9 20The Steadfast: Morgoth calls himself king of world, master of fate 10 21A Dark Passage: VERY COOL! Morgoth is conquering Arda! Smashed down the light,I will not rest till I'm king, Valinor's empty now,Allied the elves and men,THEY SHALL BE ... ! 7 22Final Chapters(thus ends...): Great is the triomph of evil. This was my review and I say you should buy it if you like Tolkien and/or Blind Guardian!!!! ....
B000056K04|1.0|Unfortunately, this cd (and the new direction the Dave Matthews Band is taking) falls flat.  The culmination of a lot of psychological strain, creative energy, and intense emotion has pushed Dave in a new direction, which edges dangerously close to pop.  This cd leaves me feeling like his music has been washed in bleach.  Gone are the strong eccentricities (like the prominent strains and solos of the violin and saxophone and the melodic sound of the acoustic guitar) of his past cds that truly made his sound unique.  There are only remnants of these wonderful eccentricities in his current wave of music. What has replaced these, is the electric guitar - how original.  There is really only one song on the new cd that I think is worth listening to, and that would be &quot;The Space Between.&quot;  I would forego buying this cd and download only that song.
6304698526|5.0|McQueen. In San Francisco. Black Turtleneck (under his shoulder holster, of course). It just does not get any cooler than this. The perfect vehicle (no pun intended) for McQueen, who was the coolest of his time. He is perfectly cast as the detective who has seen it all, is tired of the dishonesty, but still will not let anything keep him from doing his job.  Between this film, The Magnificent Seven and The Great Escape, the McQueen Legend was made.<br />Check for a pulse in the guy who called this boring.  The signature moment of the film is the chase scene, and it is the only one by which all others must be measured. Whether its Tom Cruise flying through the air space over the Persian Gulf, Gene Hackman chasing an elevated train in New York or Harrison Ford flying the Millennium Falcon, when compared to this one, they all come up short. Even watching this on the small screen, my stomach moves up and down as the Charger and Cobra GT fly up and down the hills of San Francisco. Even the music assists in the action (like when The Chase is starting, all we have is a the thump of a bass line, picking up in its intensity until it is drowned out by the squeal of the tires and the cars are off). <br />Strong supporting roles by Don Gordon who is wonderfully understated as his partner and Jacqueline Bissett as his girlfriend (you KNOW anyone that cool would have to have a stunning beauty, of course).  Add Robert Vaughn as the too-smooth for his own good politician trying to pull Bullitt's strings.<br />Along with Dirty Harry and the French Connection, Bullitt is among the best cop movies ever.
0553573403|5.0|The one thing that always puzzled me about fantasy (and i'm an ardent fan of the genre) is the lack of fantasy shown by many of it's authors. Too often the same old plot is reworked, peopled by the same cliched characters. Fortunatly is recent years a crop of Authors has arisen that follows new pathes. George Martin is the foremost of those.<br />Game of thrones seems to start in your usual pseudo-medival fantasy world with knights, castles, and heroic nobles. But that appearance decieves. Almost from the start Martin shows a ruthlessnes that's sadly absent from more &quot;Disneyesque&quot; fantasy.  People die and it doesn't matter if they are good and bad, not that you could tell who is good or bad anyway, for Martin writes real people not cardboard-clippings.<br />In this first installment of what will be a six-part series we are introduced in the world of the 7 kingdoms. In technology and society it's similar to a late medival Great Britain, though far bigger. Magic seems absent, though we learn that dragons once existed, and there are hints that magic will appear in later volumes. Also an important point is that seasons last years and vary a lot in length.<br />Martin writes from multiple points of view, centering on, but not staying exclusively with, the Stark family, rulers of the north. The head of that family is a friend of the current king and was one of his main supporters in a civil war ca. 15 years back. Now he is called to court and thereby drawn into intrigue and strive among the great noble families of the realm.<br />I don't want to give away to much, especially as Martin's greatest skill (and he has many) is the ability to surprise even shock.
B000056N8X|1.0|All be it a fine movie I have to give it a bad review for the basic fact that it makes absolutly no sense!  I could be mistaken but where the hell did all of these immortals come from seeking the prize? Connar won the prize in the 1st movie and asside from immortals teleporting in or being frozen for a long time I don't see where all these other people came from?
0553211374|5.0|Literary critics have characterized this book as Jane Austen's most heartfelt book.  After reading it for the second time, I agree.  None of Austen's other go as far to explore the inner thoughts and feelings of her heroines.  Despite the fact that Anne is not as outgoing and witty as Elizabeth Bennet or as delightfully engaging as Emma, she is engaging nonetheless.
0385501005|5.0|With the ever-growing mass of first person perspective novels about women and relationships with jerks, losers and other scumbags, it's really quite difficult to feel sorry for those men out there. But from Duffy's perspective, you see relationships in a whole new light. <br />Ben Duffy is adorable from the start, from the way he reacts to befuddling situations such as furniture shopping to the idea of holy matrimony. His character is funny and sweet and easy to relate to--even for women. Listening to him, beeing terrified of commitment makes sense!<br />Another postitive point about the book is that it gives women a chance to sit inside the head of an average male and find out what they think about us. Even though the book is written by a male, it's really a &quot;chick book,&quot; and it's quite good too.<br />The book gives a realistic sense of romance. Most contemporary romances would never have a stand-up-comedian with commitment problems as their hero, but contrary to the norm, it's almost a bit more romantic to have the Knight-in-Shining-Armor be cute and slightly confused.<br />I reccomend this book to all. It's well-written and romantic in a cute way, and a fun read that will make you smile.
0790731509|5.0|Great cast, led by Paul Newman, George Kennedy, J.D. Cannon and of course Strother Martin. Great score. <br />Surprisingly for a prison film, there is lots of humor, at the beginning some found in the notion that one could go to an oppressive road gang for just cutting the tops off of parking meters. Or, the woman washing her car with suds all over her breasts and DragLine's (G. Kennedy) great quote: &quot;Anyone with a face so sweet... and a body like that MUST be named Lucille&quot;! Unlike another reviewer, I was pleased to see a film about life in prison that did not include a rape scene.<br />The notion of a rebel against authority (remember, though, that Luke was not too much of a rebel, because he won a Silver Star in the war) is one that resonates with lots of folks (and not just yuppies or baby boomers). How can one not identify with Newman, who is less than enthused about a &quot;lot of guys, spouting off a bunch of rules and regulations&quot;. ANYONE who ever wanted to say to a boss &quot;just because its your job don't make it right&quot; ought to be able to identify with Luke on some level.<br />But like many great films (among which I count this one), its a simple film. One guy who won't submit among a band of others who have decided that it was easier for them to submit. Another reviewer says its like a slow lazy day. Nothing wrong with that, and like a slow lazy day, this film it can be enjoyed over and over again, and comes around far too infrequently. To those who suggest this film is much ado about nothing, I commend the wisdom of Luke himself, who had the best line of the film: Sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand.
B00004U8H4|5.0|THIS WAS A GREAT MOVIE, FULL OF DEATH AND GORE. IT SHOULD HAVE HAD SOME EXPLODING HEADS, BUT WHO AM I TO MESS WITH PERFECTION. I REALLY LIKE THE SCENE WITH THE CHAINSAW. BRINGS BACK MEMORIES OF MY HONEYMOON IN FRANCE.......I USED TO BE SO PRETTY......IN PARIS.....
B00001IVOF|5.0|most people the infamous is the best mobb album but i think hell on earth is the illest.  the beats on this album are some of the grimiest beat's i've ever heard and havoc and prodigy definetly show more skills on this album than the infamous.  more trife life is an amazin' story even though the storytelling on the infamous cd is better.  one of the most amazin' beats on this album is on G.O.D. part 3 which is taken from the movie scarface.   havoc flows like water on this track.prodigy really shines on the last track Apostles Warning were he rips shit up.this is an essential album ,almost every song is good
B00000IPAX|3.0|Granted, this album got me into blink-182.  But right after that, I picked up Buddha, Cheshire Cat, and Dude Ranch - all of which (well, maybe not Buddha) are VASTLY better when it comes to originality and true punk.  blink intentionally went for a more processed, radio-friendly sound - but come on.  They got what they wanted - fame, fortune, and reputation, but at the same time, sacrificed a lot of their fans and went back on their raunchy, punk roots.  Now, that's not neccessarily a bad thing.  They wanted to try something different.  Their next album (Take Off Your Pants And Jacket) is, according to Mark Hoppus, old-school, Dude/Cheshire blink-182.  There ARE a lot of good songs on this - Adam's Song, Dumpweed, Anthem (GREAT GREAT song), and Aliens Exist are a few - but this is something you'd listen to on the radio and MTV, not at a punk show.  It's a great pop album, no matter what people say, but if you want raunchy and snotty blink-182, look elsewhere.
6305311463|3.0|The movie is nicely paced with great action, jaw-dropping special effects, romance, humor, amusing characters and an interesting plot. I enjoyed the interaction of Bruce and Ben's characters the most.<br />I am here to warn you about the special features. I give it two stars; I was completely disappointed. It was just plain boring--too many people talking too much. I wanted to see how the special effects were made, not clips of the movie with commentaries! I did enjoy a few parts--particularly how they set up the meteor hitting Paris, now that was interesting! The special features weren't all bad, but to me, not worth the money I spent because I only liked a very small percentage of them.<br />I wouldn't recommend the CRITERION DVD unless it is one of your top favorite movies. If I had it to do over I would have purchased just the ARMAGEDDON DVD. In any case, this is a fantastic DVD movie and the sound and picture quality are TOP KNOTCH. I hope this helps you.
0812046625|5.0|Don't listen to the other reviews that say this book is not helpful...because if you are a student of Russian, it definitely is!  As a matter of fact, any serious student of Russian already owns this book because Russian verbs are so complicated, this book is a necessity to look up all of their conjugations.  Without this reference you would just be guessing what the verbs forms are because there is no consistent pattern or trick to Russian verbs.  That's why they wrote this book because you just need to look them up and memorize them.  This is not something that you only need at the beginning, but it is useful even for more advanced speakers of Russian as well.
B000059LGC|3.0|&quot;Death on the Nile&quot; should be more fun than it is. It's difficult to pinpoint exactly what it is about the film that disappoints. The cast is good, the script witty, the direction capable, the backdrops lush, luxurious and spectacular. It was obviously produced with loving care, and Christie's story provides a constantly surprising, intricate puzzle. As for the specifics of the DVD, Jack Cardiff's high-key, low-contrast photography lends itself well to video, the transfer is 16:9 enhanced, and the results are uniformly handsome.<br />Producers John Brabourne and Richard Goodwin repeat their &quot;Murder on the Orient Express&quot; formula. The Christie novel provides an excuse for an expensive, well-tailored cast to perform light, vaguely campy acting games. Most of the actors seem to be having fun with their parts (particularly Angela Lansbury as a drunkard author, barely standing at what seems a perpetual 45 degree angle) but the formula doesn't work for Ustinov. Or it works too well, depending on your point of view. He lacks the intensity Albert Finney brought to Poirot in &quot;Orient Express,&quot;  and unlike Finney or David Suchet, he fails to lose himself in the part. We're always just a shade too aware that we're watching Ustinov performing a clever impersonation rather than forgetting him to focus on the crime. On the other hand, the humor he brings to the part may please some people more than Finney or Suchet's seriousness.<br />&quot;Death on the Nile&quot; was the second of three Brabourne/Goodwin Poirot adaptations, the first to star Ustinov (who went on to play him in two other theatrical films, and three made-for-TV movies), and the first to introduce a note of sly humor. That may be the problem. All the adaptations of the Poirot novels tread a thin line between tongue-in-cheek knowingness and self-parody. &quot;Death on the Nile&quot; just barely avoids slipping into the full Camp theatrics that made the next film in the series, &quot;EvilUnder the Sun&quot; too cute to be effective. Fortunately, the solution to the mystery is a real surprise, and there's a second, stunning twist that makes the film memorable. If the rest had been up to the ending's level of involvement, the film might have been a real stunner. As it is, &quot;Death on the Nile&quot; is enjoyable enough, just not quite as good as we want it to be.
B000002MJC|5.0|I've been listening to this for seven years now. I was intrigued when I first heard Get Right With Me on the radio. To me this always sounded like a verse from the main man himself,    JC. Tremendous stuff.<br />The album basically shoots you at a 45-degree angle towards the heavens and never stops.. Each track perfectly sculpted and crafted and none outstaying their running time.  I love the punchy feel of the music here. The album starts mean and aggressive progressing through various emotions until your way high and are blinded by the sun. <br />The last two tracks particularly stand out for me. One Caress has a wonderful combination. Balancing Gore's searing vocals and orchestra's with lyrics that are as dark as they get. It's an excellent match. Once One Caress takes you to the stratosphere Higher Love is there to blast the listener to some other land way up high. Very spiritual and a great way to end DM's finest.<br />It's a colossal understatement to merely call this grunge pop. So much more going on than that. Magnificent.  Oh and I loved the imagery hidden on the inside of the back of the cd case. Woo hoo !
B0000025BL|1.0|It is sad, and more than a little scary, to see how many reviews use the word &quot;classic&quot; to describe this roadkill of an album.  To do so further reduces the word to utterly uselessness.<br />&quot;Bat Out of Hell&quot; remains what is was in 1978 -- a horrifically bad set of songs made all the worse by the bombastic and pompous production.  One gets the sense that the singer has some power in his voice, but the fact that he uses it on tripe such as this makes it all a waste of studio time.  The fact that people still listen to this today just goes to show that no one has even gone broke underestimating the taste of the American public.  If you have not had a copy of this for the past 23 years you need to think long and hard:  If you have gone so long without it, why buy it now?
B000002NHN|5.0|....after hearing it for the first time while at a friend's house.  This is truly a wonderful and exotic blend of musical styles and cultural influences; as I listen, I truly feel that I am on a journey.  I highly recommend that you add this CD to your collection.
B000000W9Z|5.0|This is really an amazing album without visual props, but happens to fit almost perfectly with Disney's Fantasia 2000.  Start the cd after the THX screen, when the first blue screen with  the Walt Disney Insignia on it appears.  Just watch Fantasia 2000 all the way through without fast forwarding either at all.  If done right Outsiders will end about eight seconds after the final credits are over.  Enjoy!
B000056K04|2.0|Much has been made of the fact that early sessions on this CD were scrapped, and that Dave and producer Glen Ballard started from scratch, penning 10 of the songs in just 10 days!  They sound more like they were written in 10 minutes: love bombs, indeed. The lyrics make &quot;Silly Love Songs&quot; seem majestic and poignant by comparison.  <br />The biggest problem is, Ballard's production philosophy seems to be make it busy and make sure everything is mixed at the highest possible level, all the time.  This type of production leaves no room for discovering the hidden layers of a song, and all of the sonic bombast just makes one tired after about 3 songs--where is the instrumental and vocal subtlety displayed on &quot;BTCS&quot; or &quot;Crash&quot;?  (For that matter, where's the sax and violin this time around?)<br />Bypass this and wait instead for the reissue of The Band's &quot;Rock of Ages.&quot;  THAT is an album that displays the kind of group interplay that is so absent on &quot;Everyday.&quot;
B000002MM8|2.0|INTO THE LABYRINTH, released in 1993, was Dead Can Dance's biggest success, selling over 800,000 copies at last count. For many people, including myself, it was the first exposure to Dead Can Dance and seemed indeed a fascinating album. However, after having collected every release by DCD, it is apparent that INTO THE LABYRINTH is the least of their albums.<br />From 1986's SPLEEN AND IDEAL to 1991's AION, Dead Can Dance explored a world of baroque, classical, and Renaissance song structures gifted with the unique touch of Lisa Gerrard and Brendan Perry. INTO THE LABYRINTH, however, shows a massive change in style. Gone are the orchestral elements, and here Lisa and Brendan display their interest in Eastern music. It's a strategy that doesn't impress, because their talent was really evident most in the style that they had formerly performed.<br />Another problem is the inconsistency of the record, caused by Lisa and Brendan's increasing tendency to work apart. If it wasn't for a magazine article I read from this era, I would seriously doubt that Lisa and Brendan even came together to record this album. The album is split into Perry's (no longer philosophically brilliant) songs and Gerrard's (increasingly absurd) glossolalia.<br />On 1996's SPIRITCHASER, Perry and Gerrard had become more comfortable with their new style, but they never again reached the peak that their earlier style afforded them.
B000002H97|4.0|Last summer I became a Metallica fan from some of the MP3s i had gotten off the Internet. Soon afterwords I bought The Black Album and immediately loved it. Enter Sandman, in my opinion, is one of the greatest songs ever. Sad But True's rythem is second to none. Despite the early impression of a slow song, The Unforgiven is great. On the whole, The Black Album is an enjoyable listening experience. Although the tempo is slower than their previous albums, this is small handicap. I rank this album third behind Master of Puppets and Ride the Lightning. Definitely worth buying.
630382790X|5.0|In 1970 my elementary school prinicpal had all of us sixth graders gathered into the auditorium to view Apollo 13's descent to earth. At the time none of us realized the significant of the event.  But I did remember the parachutes opening and seeing some of our teachers weeping.  It was a powerful moment.  This movie allowed me to relive that time, in my mind I could see Mr. Zucker telling us this was an epoch in space history.  How right he was.  My hat goes off to Mr. Howard.  This is how a accurate historic film is made...right down to the parachutes!!
B000002NE4|5.0|Just incredible.  Makes me cry.  Makes me smile, makes me rage...
0790729342|5.0|With the exception of Raiders of the Lost Ark and The Last Crusade, The Road Warrior was perhaps the best pure action film of the 80's.  What makes the movie so great?  Probably the fact that it hasn't dated since it's initial release (mohawks seem quite common in Australia so that's not an 80's fashion) and the chase scenes are at least a dozen times more thrilling than what Hollywood has given us in that terrible car chase flick, Gone in 60 Seconds.  The Road Warrior is an action masterpiece in its own right, and is notable for even watching only the film's final action sequence, a 15-minute long car chase that is the best and most exciting chase I've ever seen.  The Road Warrior must be seen.
B000006TRV|4.0|The Wall is a great album.  It's better than 95% of the stuff out there, whether compared to new rock or classic rock.  But there is a lot of filler on the album that doesn't really have any purpose.  My favorite song on the album is &quot;Young Lust&quot; because the vocals are incredible and the song rocks.  And Gilmour's guitar solo at the end of &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; must be one of the most under-rated guitar solos in the history of rock.  But The Wall is not Floyd's best album.  If you're looking for that, try Wish You Were Here or even Dark Side of the Moon.
0792151712|5.0|Any great movie depends on the story, any story depends on the teller.  Ms. Stuart voice and eyes conveys every nuance of emotion.  Why the Academy gave the Oscar to Kim Basinger is beyond me.  Anyhow, this is a film for the ages crafted, well thought out, with excellent acting, costumes, computer animation and wonderful direction.  <br />The tragedy of Titanic's sinking will always remind people not to think too highly of engineering achievements.
B00004Z511|4.0|Well, since I've already reviewed the album itself, this will be just about the limited edition version that I was so lucky to find earlier tonight at a local CD store.<br />     First of all, the limited edition is sort of designed to look and feel like a children's book, thus 'Kid A'. There are about four or five pages of very bizarre but interesting artwork from Stanley &amp; Tchcock (I think that's how its spelled), and I'll be waiting for more unique artwork in Amnesiac. Anyways, on the top of each of the pages, there's a very interesting poem about 'nothing'. Then there's a nice little pocket (the tracklisting is on the front of it) which holds the CD itself.<br />     I'll be honest, I was expecting a tiny bit more, I don't know what, but something... when I was buying the CD, the guys working there were talking about the limited edition, and one of them said something like, &quot;I heard if you put the CD in your CD-ROM drive, it'll have extra tracks that you can listen to.&quot; Now, if that would've been true, this would've gotten 5 stars, but alas, it wasn't. However, this limited edition is a nice addition to Kid A, and if you're a big Radiohead fan, you should definitely try to find this. However, if you've just gotten into them when Kid A came out, chances are you'll be disappointed.<br />     Cheers to Radiohead, the best band of the new millennium!
B000056K04|2.0|These songs, like every other Dave Matthews song every recorded (in my opinion) are as boring and pointless as you can get. All my friends love Dave Matthews, but I just see them as a waste of talent. They have a very strong band in all sections(except for Dave's singing). This boring, fusion-utilizing, bizzare version of your Grandpa's favorite jazz band is not the kind of music that you'd hear at a party or want to rock out to at a concert, but more like the kind of music they play at your funeral. But I will give credit where it's due. They are all great musicians, but Dave will never be as good as an (read:electric) electric guitar player as say a Slash, a Tim Mahoney (311) or an Eddie Van Halen (actually, nobody will probably surpass Eddie Van Halen on the six-string anytime soon). And while Carter Buford is a world-class drummer, ahem, he is not the best. The best... well that guy from Rush perhaps? Or Max Weinberg? Come to think of it, how about Alex Van Halen?!
6305095442|5.0|Gore, dismemberment, horror, blood... what else could you want?! This is definately classic though it is little over 10 years old. Like the 1st evil dead, this one is packed with lots of red stuff, but a little comedy was added in. It will leave you wanting more. You won't regret this purchase.<br />I own both the VHS and DVD version of this movie, but the DVD version is the one to get.
B00000JGOH|5.0|That a film this incredibly profound and brilliant could come out of the lowest-common-denominator-driven politics of Hollywood filmmaking is nearly beyond belief.  However, I'm certainly not going to complain about it.<br />The movie centers around a historical period of Shakespeare's life (the episode in which he is writing &quot;Romeo And Juliet&quot;).  The film includes many historical personages, such as the famous poet Christopher Marlowe and the stage actors Ned Alleyn and Richard Burbage [one of the most popular Shakespeare actors of all time].  The inclusion of Judi Dench (arguably the most famous Shakespeare actresses alive) as Queen Elizabeth was pure genius.<br />The plot of the movie focuses on a love affair between Shakespeare and a fictional women (played by Gwyneth Paltrow) who turns out to be the perfect muse for S' writer's block.  The inquiry into what is the impetus for the creative output of the artist is fascinating.  In many ways, the movie reminds me of Thomas Mann's &quot;Lotte In Weimer&quot;;  in his novel, it is Goethe's talents which get put &quot;under the microscope.&quot;<br />What makes this movie truly outstanding is that it's so well done.  It has the tone of a Shakespearian comedy - an utterly brilliant touch.  This movie could have so easily been a sham if left in the hands of a less capable director and inferior actors.  Paltrow's performance, in particular, really makes this movie sing.  The soundtrack gives the pace of the film a nice flow.<br />Here is the type of tasteful movie that the cultured among us have been waiting for for so long.  Another movie like this won't come out for at least another 10 years.  The DVD also contains mini-biographies of the historical figures portrayed in the movie.  All in all, a can't miss.
0790744759|5.0|&quot;Meet Me in St. Louis&quot; is what is sometimes called a &quot;slice of life&quot; story.  Basically, it tells the story of one year (1903-1904) in the lives of the Smith family.  What gives the story its charm is that everyday yearnings and incidents become the stuff of major drama, just as they do in real life.  Older sister Esther (the wonderful Judy Garland) is determined to get the attention of the object of her affections, the boy next door (Tom Drake).  Youngest sister Tootie (Margaret O'Brien) uses Halloween to prove that she can be a mischief-maker on a level with the older kids.<br />Taken by themselves, neither of these events seems terribly exciting.  What is great about &quot;Meet Me in St. Louis&quot;, however, is that it gives these events the importance that they hold in the minds of the characters.  As Esther sings in &quot;The Trolley Song&quot;:  &quot;As he started to go, then I started to know how it feels when the universe reels!&quot;<br />Most of us will never rule a nation or go on a great adventure.  But we can all identify with what it's like to be seventeen, NEEDING to win the love of your crush.  Or when you're five and MUST prove that you're not a baby anymore.  This is why this film is so beloved and timeless.<br />I've heard the occasional criticism levelled at the color-saturation.  I saw this as a way of showing how we always see our youth as a bright place.  Don't we tend to imagine our youth as brighter, sunnier and more colorful than it actually was?  <br />And as for the songs...well, if you can't appreciate and enjoy songs like &quot;The Trolley Song&quot;, &quot;The Boy Next Door&quot; and &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot;, I feel sorry for you.  No one sings &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; with the yearning and pain that Judy gives the song.  And &quot;The Trolley Song&quot; makes me smile every time I hear it.<br />It's true that &quot;Meet Me in St. Louis&quot; isn't for everyone.The overly-cynical and pessimistic probably won't enjoy it at all.  But for those of us who like to look back and smile on our youth and escape to a less-complicated world for a couple of hours, there's no place like St. Louis.
B000056K04|1.0|It hurts me to say every word of this, but the new Dave Matthews Band album is a complete let down. As a dedicated fan since 1994, it hurts me in so many ways to write here that this album should not be purchased, let alone listened to.<br />I looked forward to this band's next release with great anticipation for well over a year. With every little piece of information that leaked out about the up-coming release of a new DMB album in 2000 I grew more excited. However, the more time it took to create the album and the more times its release date was pushed back, the more doubtful I became. But then I found taped material from the summer tour last year and caught them live toward the end of their tour. The new material was fantastic and listening to its progress from shows at the beginning of the tour to the very last show proved how well they developed their new material. I was hyped and excited about what they could then do with it in the studio.<br />But when they scraped the entire work they had done with producer Steve Lillywhite and the studio recordings from Virginia and decided to head out to Los Angeles to work with Glen Ballard, I began to worry. And now, several months later, after having listened to &quot;Everyday&quot; several times, I know for sure that my worries were, in fact, grounded. &quot;Everyday&quot; is terrible. All of the songs are written by Dave Matthews alone and were written over the course of 12 days; they definitely feel that way. None of the songs grab me in a way that would cause me to wear out the CD like all of their previous releases have. The lyrics are uninspired and the music feels completely rushed with no feeling in them. &quot;When The World Ends&quot; and &quot;Everyday&quot; are the only decent tracks, but still pale in comparison to all of their other work. These two tracks are both ended much too soon, but can possibly be salvaged in concert. The rest of the CD isn't worth mentioning.<br />In just the few days that I've owned it, I can no longer bring myself to listen to &quot;Everyday.&quot; Not when I know that there are studio recordings in the world of such great new songs as &quot;Grey Street,&quot; &quot;Grace Is Gone,&quot; &quot;Bartender,&quot; &quot;Sweet Up And Down,&quot; &quot;Busted Stuff,&quot; &quot;Raven,&quot; &quot;Digging A Ditch,&quot; and &quot;JTR.&quot;<br />&quot;Everyday&quot; is the Dave Matthews Band equivalent to Van Halen's &quot;III;&quot; it just shouldn't exist, because they are capable of so much more.
076783819X|5.0|&quot;Arlington Road&quot; plays out a suspensfull tale that turns to a chilling conclusion. Most of the content...especially towards the end, makes you wonder if you are always getting the entire story of events that happen in our society. Jeff Bridges is excellent as an intelligent, slightly edgy college proffessor who uses his courses on terrorism to try and fill the gap made when his FBI wife is carelessly killed on the job. To tell the truth, I was only drawn to this movie the first time because Joan Cusack is my favorite screen performer...but once I saw it I was blown away. The cast and small supporting cast is equally well done, and Angelo Badalamenti's music composition fits perfectly with every tension-riddled twist and turn. One thing I should say to first time viewers is; dont spend the entire time watching the movie asking how things could possibly happen in this scenerio. The story seems frighteningly realistic, and there are no aliens or incredible special effects needed to keep you on the edge of your seat...particularly towards the end. I dont think this is a movie, I thinks its a lesson in life.
0684853523|4.0|I thought this was a realy cool book and a departure for King.  The last book of his I fought through was Needful Things.  I found it a rehash of salem's lot but anyways that's not the book being reviewed here.  If you've ever been intrigued by behind the scenes stuff in movies,  On Writing is the literary equivalent.  He talks about how he was inspired by stories and how he develops characters.  Some of it fairly candid about doubting himself but allowing the process to take over and finally succeeding.  I read it in a few days.  A very easy and enjoyable read for wanna be writers of just plain fans of his work.
B000056K04|1.0|A more appropriate title would have been, Glen Ballard, featuring the Dave Matthews Band...I really can't believe 1) DMB would pick Ballard as a producer,  and 2) let him play on the  album. Half the problem is having to listen to this guy's infantile &quot;keyboard's and arrangment's&quot;...the other half is the songs, not only are they a complete departure from even the latest DMB offerings (JTR, Bartender, Grey Street, Grace Is Gone, Raven, etc.), they are boring and unenjoyable.  This is not a &quot;DMB&quot; record, this is a record to get some radio time. Period. If you listen to the other... Ballard has produced, you would probaly like this, if not steer far away from it.  Griff:
B000053ZRR|3.0|I've been a big fan from Bon Jovi since the early days of Runaway, but i must admit this concert is not outstanding (not even close to that). I rate it as a 3 stars because the sound is awful and the guys seem tired and absent several times during the 2 hours of show. There is no clear emotional connection between the band and the audience. On the technical side, Dolby Digital quality is really poor in this DVD, so poor that i find it better to set my systems in the dolby surround mode.<br />But not everything is poor about this performance. The band made a good song selection: It's My life, born to be my baby, bed of roses,I'll be there for you, I'll sleep when i'm dead, bad medicine, lay your hands on me, the opening song living on a prayer and a slow version of runaway that i didn't like much, among others. It was a shame that they didn't play songs like always, these days, thank you for loving me, blaze of glory and this ain't a love song, but is really difficult to make it in two hours and also make the corresponding marketing needed for the themes included in their recent album CRUSH. <br />If you are a big fan from Bon Jovi, is not a bad call to buy this DVD. If you saw Live from London, maybe is better to pass this time, because the London one was a performance to remember, with Jon singing at his best, excellent guitar solos from Sambora and above anything, a big sinergy with the audience. If you haven't seen any of these concerts, then London is the right option. And finally, if you liked Crush, then maybe you have to get this DVD.
0553208845|3.0|I read this short novel in three days after a friend recommended it to me. Just some quick background; the author (Herman Hesse) was German and wrote the novel in 1922 after traveling to the East. Hesse also reacted strongly against his Protestant upbringing; even fleeing from the seminary his parents sent him to.<br />The setting is probably around 500 BC and the setting is Malla republic, Magadha kingdom (in modern India, that is the west-central part of Bihar state; which is in northeastern India). However, these estimates are somewhat sketchy. I based the geography based on the place where Buddha is traditionally understood to have died (when Buddha dies in the novel it seems like all the monks are traveling to a fairly close-by location). The life of Buddha provides the rough timeline; he was probably born about 563 BC and probably died 483 BC.<br />The writing flows; there are no awkward sections in the novel. Complex Eastern ideas are discussed; terms such as: Om, Self, Brahmin and others are litter the pages. As I am still very much unfamiliar with much of this terminology this can make the novel difficult; no doubt understanding these terms would add to one's appreciation of the work.<br />The protagonist is named Siddhartha is a Brahmin's son. At this time, (and still at present), there is a caste system functioning in India that divides all persons into very specific social classes. The novel opens with him as a young man; he is successful at learning at the traditions of Hinduism, performs sacrifices and so on. Yet, he is unfulfilled; and thus he embarks on a quest where he firsts becomes a poor ascetic (he meets Buddha during this period), then a lover, then and a wealthy merchant and finally becomes a ferryman as an old man.<br />Evaluation<br />I found many of the thoughts very profound; the search for meaning and significance is unavoidable. Also, the folly of materialistic hedonism is exposed as well as how one can so easily fall into it, until one's soul is consumed. That said, monism (the doctrine that reality consists of a single basic substance or element) and pantheism (The doctrine that the universe, taken or conceived of as a whole, is God) are on every page. The view of reality affects the path of wisdom that Siddhartha pursues; he has the potential to save himself and can learn spiritual lessons from natural phenomena (e.g. a river) and he does not need to be saved from the condemnation of sin but rather must be enlightened to escape the endless cycle of reincarnation, the illusion of the world (maya) and suffering. The idea that one can save oneself or that anything can save one other than Jesus Christ is consistently presented. The discerning Christian reader should perceive these ideas and be very aware of them (especially that theses Eastern beliefs are totally incompatibly with biblical Christianity and logical/philosophical incoherence); that said, the book is very good. Reading this book is helpful in coming to a better understanding of the Eastern (Buddhist/Hindu) view of reality and life; awareness of these beliefs is important as these ideas are fast coming into the West under the guise of \\"New Age.\\"<br />Note:<br />The name of the main character is actually taken from the original's Buddha's name, often transliterated as (Prince) Siddharta or Siddhartha. In the book, Buddha is often called, Gotama; this is a Pali (a language of India), for the Buddha, it basically means &quot;Enlightened One.&quot;s soul is consumed. That said, monism (the doctrine that reality consists of a single basic substance or element) and pantheism (The doctrine that the universe, taken or conceived of as a whole, is God) are on every page. The view of reality affects the path of wisdom that Siddhartha pursues; he has the potential to save himself and can learn spiritual lessons from natural phenomena (e.g. a river) and he does not need to be saved from the condemnation of sin but rather must be enlightened to escape the endless cycle of reincarnation, the illusion of the world (maya) and suffering. The idea that one can save oneself or that anything can save one other than Jesus Christ is consistently presented. The discerning Christian reader should perceive these ideas and be very aware of them (especially that theses Eastern beliefs are totally incompatibly with biblical Christianity and logical/philosophical incoherence); that said, the book is very good. Reading this book is helpful in coming to a better understanding of the Eastern (Buddhist/Hindu) view of reality and life; awareness of these beliefs is important as these ideas are fast coming into the West under the guise of \\"New Age.\\"<br />Note:<br />The name of the main character is actually taken from the original's Buddha's name, often transliterated as (Prince) Siddharta or Siddhartha. In the book, Buddha is often called, Gotama; this is a Pali (a language of India), for the Buddha, it basically means &quot;Enlightened One.&quot;
B000056K04|5.0|After hearing the clips from above and reading a few previews relating to the Dave Matthews Band's new CD &quot;Everyday,&quot; I was a little nervous to buy the album.  Their first single is not all that impressive--it's enjoyable but certainly not one of their best--and their apparent change of styles will probably worry more people than is necessary.  Just a word of advice . . . if you buy this album expecting the typical, usual jam-like, band-member-solo-filled songs present on the Band's last three studio albums, you are sorely mistaken.  However, buying this album will not leave you disappointed.  The Band might have been repackaged and changed to create a more listener-friendly atmosphere (much to the likely and, quite honestly, illfounded chagrin of &quot;die-hard&quot; fans of Dave), but their essence and spirit remain intact.  I purchased &quot;Everyday&quot; the day it came out, and it has not left my stereo for a second--I often leave it playing on repeat when I leave the room to head off to classes.   Also, whereas their earlier works had one or two tracks that I consistantly skipped over, not to mention the fact that each earlier CD took a couple listenings to warm up to, I was hooked from the first listen and every second of &quot;Everyday&quot; is enjoyable--from the opening track &quot;I Did It&quot; (which contains Dave's trade-mark throaty acrobatics and quite a catchy chorus) to the final track &quot;Everyday&quot; (a song with a spiritual-induced feel to it and yet again a beautiful chorus).  I consider myself a worthy Dave fan (I don't know his new-wife and long-time girlfriend's name, I don't know his life history nor do I particularly care), but usually with Dave's music, I quickly come to enjoy the whole album but always have a few favorites that I adore; however, with &quot;Everyday&quot; I can listen to each and every song with equal adoration--although I must admit that I feel &quot;Space Between&quot; is probably Dave's best song to date.   Dave has never been one to hide behind lyrics and is usually boldly obvious as to his intentions and messages--listen to &quot;Crash Into Me&quot; from their second album--and the overall theme of the album seems strongly based in love.  After reading Rolling Stone's cover-story on Dave, the album and its apparent life-saving characteristics (which I highly recommend for any Dave fan or anyone who wants to appreciate this album further), I have a new-found respect for the man, the band members and their amazing work.  With &quot;Everyday,&quot; the Dave Matthews Band once again proves that their music cannot easily be contained within one descriptive category--it's not rock, it's not easy-listening, it's not really anything . . . but exceptional.  Five big stars for the Band's new and best album to date.  Do yourself a favor and buy &quot;Everyday&quot;--as well as every other album they've released.  You won't regret it.
B000056K04|1.0|Soulless attempt at trying to create a radio-friendly album.  Dave has proved his best songwriting days are behind him.  Not one song on this album even remotely compares to the band's ten best.  No creativity at all.  Completely dull.  A tremendous disappointment.  Where are the *tunes* on this album?  And any band who relegates Boyd to no more than session musician status (as they do on this album) deserves to be examined.
B00004W3MS|2.0|I decided to buy this when there were nothing but a fine collection of reviews on Amazon glorifying this CD. I wish I had checked back since to see the few realistic ones.<br />Sigur Ros may have talent; but if so, they haven't tapped it yet. Their sound: a sparse spattering of musical \\"shoegazer rock\\" residue, built solely on their egos and a LOT of hope to create something special. Not a single element in this album is original, so drop the \\"experimental\\" tag now. Anyone can decide to create songs two minutes long, ending on sound effects, followed by 8-minute tracks. Compositionally speaking, when I peak in between the crevices in search of something of interest, there is surprisingly nothing there. <br />Proposing that Sigur Ros has a sound akin to Enya or the Cocteau Twins or even Morrissey is simply preposterous. I hear a raw, unpolished timbre more reminiscent of Slowdive, but executed limply ... and empty. Guitar drones carry the songs (and I normally LOVE drones); but, the quality of it here surprisingly leaves much to be desired. It isn't even placed within any artistically meaningful context. **That is the key flaw of this album - the lack of aesthetic sensibility.** The male vocals all sound pained and feigned: like a mating call of a humpback whale.  The female vocals float in and out lightly and inobstrusively - but nothing special. Most everything's accompanied by some irrelevant-sounding strings, adding nothing but a sense of the musicians' hope to achieve some sort of musical grandiosity. For me, it makes Agaetis Byrjun's facade even more transparent (albeit, perhaps a facade I've simply imposed on it due to the \\"earth shattering\\" reviews).  Musically-unrelated: the umbilical prenatal illustrations inserted throughout the CD case are unpleasant/disturbing to me.  I suppose I fell for a new-music-formula myth when I bought this (young band/small country/foreign lyrics/etc).
B000059RL3|5.0|I first discovered this album in 1992, during my senior year of high school.  I found it at the public library - I had never heard of Marvin Gaye before, but for some reason, the cool looking gentleman on the cover intrigued me, so I checked it out.  For about two straight weeks, I listened to this album back to front.  I was absolutely blown away by this music.  I already own it on CD, but when I saw this deluxe edition in the store, I had to have it.  The bonus tracks alone are worth the price.  You get 2 VERSIONS of the original album PLUS the live stuff and B-sides - you just can't lose.  Marvin would be proud.
B0000028M7|5.0|It seems to me that I am not alone in my opinion here. But I would like to point out something that does not seem to be getting enough mention.  A lot of these other reviews focus on the depressing lyrics or the overall &quot;heaviness.&quot;  And while those should be major factors in your decision to buy this or not, there is one thing that seems to have been left out my a majority of the reviews (i said MAJORITY, not ALL): the sheer musicality exhibited on the cd.  The harmonies are some of the best written and tightest performed ever in rock history.  The way the guitar blends with the harmonies in the vocals creates an absolutely stunningly beautiful wall of sound.  Take the choruses of both &quot;angry chair&quot; and &quot;rooster&quot; for example.  While the sound is heavy and the lyrics are well written and poetic (yet depressing), the songwriting is definitely what makes Alice In Chains one of the best bands ever. EVER. <br />If you are thinking of buying this album, stop thinking.  Hey man, just buy it.
B000002U82|4.0|Ok, this is a fantastic album. There is little if at all anything new that I can add to all the other reviews of this album. What I would like to stress is that I personally enjoy the live version on Pulse a lot more than the original recording. So if you are thinking of buying this album, it is well worth considering forking out a little extra cash for the Pulse double cd. Or, like me, buy them both. Believe me, if you enjoy Pink Floyd, you won't regret it one bit.
0684833395|5.0|Even though this book was written many years ago I still recommend it for any one. It talks about the war,  but it is really about the craziness of line. You do not have to in the middle of gunfire  to realize that life is really a battlefield - a battlefield of the mind. A great book.
B000001FQ8|5.0|John Mellencamp seemed to be on a roll in the mid to late 1980's, and Big Daddy is no exception.  Released in a time when music was controlled by pop and top forty, John wrote out his feelings, and I appreciate it.  He holds nothing back, and next to Lonesome Jubilee and Whenever We Wanted, THIS is a Mellencamp must.
B000056VIY|2.0|I have to admit I like Love Don't Cost a Thing but after that, it went downhill. Her CD is just...BAD! I gave this CD two stars instead of one because I pity this CD.
B00004YA0T|5.0|Eugen Jochum's Bruckner set with the Dresden Staatskapelle was issued back in the late 1980s/early '90s on EMI to very high acclaim. FANFARE praised it and the reviewer declared the performances finer in some respects than the performances available on Deutsche Grammophon. The nine symphonies here included were recorded all with the same ensemble, whereas the cycle on Deutsche Grammophon features two orchestras.  This re-issue of the nine (major) symphonies should be greatly welcomed by aficionados of late 19th century orchestral and symphonic music. Jochum had a unique understanding of Bruckner and his music. Both came from rural and Catholic backgrounds, and both were very familiar with the organ. Jochum's performances here are warm and human; textures are clear and very cleanly drawn. Unlike von Karajan's finely polished presentations, these Dresden performances--while certainly not neglecting the massive structural lines--offer us a spiritual Bruckner. Jochum is, IMHO, particularly successful in the 4th, 5th, 7th, and 9th symphonies, perhaps a little less so in the 8th. But, all in all, none of the performances is less than very fine. I must add that Jochum had a special understanding of Bruckner's 5th, which I think to be one of the most difficult of the symphonies to &quot;bring off.&quot; A recent release on Tahra CDs of a Bruckner 5th, performed right before Jochum's death, makes a wonderful comparison with the Dresden performance.  In any case, if you love great symphonic music, you shouldn't hesitate to acquire this set (that is, if you don't already have it!). Sound acoustic and remastering are fine.
6301236947|4.0|Well, it's such an amazing video, if u like U2, u gotta have it.  It's the best band of the whole world.
6305609691|5.0|I had seen the movie 20 years back, at a much impressionable age. It had haunted me for quite a long time then - it still does.  The story recreates an epic mission to the nether world, the one that resides in the heart of every man. Martin Sheen,the special agent, journeys upriver in a gunboat into the backwater of Cambodia to destroy the  army renegade, Colonel Kurtz.  Kurtz has escaped from the the insanity of the war, only to find himself in deeper crevices of madness and savagery. He has  built a community of dumb followers, whose horrible rituals, savagery and  petrified emotions shock the audience. In a way Kurtz's world replicates the very heart of darkness that he has run away from. Marlon Brando's cameo has immortalised Kurtz as one of the most memorable cinematic characters of all time.<br />Sheen's mission is full of irony and ambivalence. Although his aim is to eliminate the protagonist of the dark realm, he fails to rid himself from self-doubt, and skepticism about the civilised world. What is more, Sheen harbours a streak of respect for his target, whom he approaches with a sense of awe and uncertainty.<br />Both Brando and Sheen are inward-looking characters, beset by a lot of restlessness. Both show firmness in their actions but  are quite confused about their missions in life.<br />Cinematically, Apocalypse Now has very few equals. The scale and intensity of its narration make the movie unforgettable. The surrealistic world of Kurtz's community shocks the viewer with its dangling deadbodies, filth, haunting music and the shades of darkness.<br />Derived from Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness, the movie goes one step further than the original in recreating the murkier side of man. But while Conrad brings his readers back to the 'light' of the civilisation, Coppola deserts his  sapped, shell-shocked audience amidst the muck, gore and mystery of the netherworld.<br />As a story played out in the backgound of war, it is bound to have scenes of gut-wrenching violence. For me, however, the most horrifying scene did not emanate from the war: it came in the form of a ritual scrifice of a buffalo by Kurtz's community. It seemed so real and nauseating, as the innocent animal was hacked to pieces. I still have a feeling that it was not an enactment.<br />There is  talk of reviving the movie in a bigger, better and more disturbing avatar. New footage will be added, including a rejuvenated 'playboy plamate' scene. Watch out, if these ingredients can help reduce the intensity of darkness.ching violence. For me, however, the most horrifying scene did not emanate from the war: it came in the form of a ritual scrifice of a buffalo by Kurtz's community. It seemed so real and nauseating, as the innocent animal was hacked to pieces. I still have a feeling that it was not an enactment.<br />There is  talk of reviving the movie in a bigger, better and more disturbing avatar. New footage will be added, including a rejuvenated 'playboy plamate' scene. Watch out, if these ingredients can help reduce the intensity of darkness.
0312965788|5.0|All Creatures Great and Small is a book for anyone who loves animals. Or country living. Or medicine. Or good writing. This is a feel-good book. Herriot relates his experiences and emotions as a new country veterinarian in pre-WWII England. Some events are funny, some sad. The book as a whole is moving, uplifting. This first book in his highly successful series is a literary walk down a country lane in Springtime. A great choice for FFA kids, pet nuts, or crabby old people who could benefit from a big whiff of fresh air. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
B0000542DG|2.0|..Final Destination is a film, with teens yet again, falling under the knife ('scuse the pun). Even that fact ruined it for me, always bloody teenagers getting murdered! The only thing that saves this film is the twists and the fact there is no serial killer just fate/death pure and simple, which works well, but how many more 'Scream, teeny-bop slashers' are they going to make? It gets boring. And as for this film being a make-u-jump kind of film -  what the hell? Ghostbusters made me jump out of my skin more than this overrated movie. One of it's better moments comes when we meet good 'ol Candy man Tony Todd as a  coroner. However with this film, don't expect too much.
6304806442|3.0|It's a fine film.  We've already established this.<br />The US release of the DVD however, is not so good.  There is 1 single feature on this version of the DVD, and it's the movie.  At $.. (and even at the sale price), this is a rip.  This was a first generation DVD, so even though the sound is Dolby 5.1, it's far from spectacular.<br />If you're going to buy this movie on DVD, get the Canadian Special Edition (Alliance).  It contains trailers, deleted footage, and interviews, at approx $... US.  And it is Region 1, NTSC.  You can find it around on foreign or Canadian online DVD stores like ... or ....
0440234743|5.0|While this book measured up to Grisham's previous ones in terms of suspense, his placement of the setting in Brazil was really a welcome change.  His descriptions of rivers, people, weather, and more were not just right-on-the-money, but so descriptive that you could paint a complete mental picture.  Folks, that's an example of good writing.
0780020685|5.0|I was not disappointed by this movie.  Not only is Seven Samurai a wonderful story, but the cinematography in this film is incredible.  Together with the quality of the DVD itself, these elements combine to make Seven Samurai a film that will leave a lasting impression on you.  Even through lulls in the many terrific action scenes, it is hard to lose interest in the plot.  You may even pick up some Japanese if you really pay attention!  I liked the commentary, but I would suggest watching the entire movie first with the commentary turned off, so you don't miss the little details that help make the movie enjoyable.  This film may not be as fun to watch as some more recent action flicks, but Seven Samurai is riveting in a different way.  Akira Kurosawa weaves a plot that makes the viewer sympathize with the heroes; you will mourn their losses and cheer for their victories.  Toshiro Mifune shows amazing flexibility, displaying everything from a hilarious drunken rage to a sober thoughtfulness.  I can't say enough positive things about this movie, and the features of the DVD only add to the classic.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I was extremely disappointed with this film after all the hype. There were so many cliches in it- the homophobe who is a closet homosexual, the sexually repressed suburban couple who end up having affairs to get out of their stale lives, the militarist who happens to have Nazi memoribilia, the girl whom everybody wants who turns out to be dull and insecure and sexually inexperienced etc. The filming was not particularly great either. Lawn Dogs perhaps examines bourgeois/suburban paranoia and complexes with better skill.<br />So what does work at all? Perhaps a non-American directing, or the eccentric boy across the street who turns out to be the most interesting character. Oh and a couple of mildly funny jokes. But even these are not enough to bump my rating up to two stars.<br />Some films and books are justly revered, however there's those that only get revered because someone influential says they should be. This film is being forgotten already.<br />I suggest you rent this before you buy it, to make sure you aren't making an expensive mistake!
0790743507|5.0|One of the greatest,if not the greatest musical ever made. Usually voted on most of the top ten movies ever made.  I have the DVD and I watch it over and over again. The story line is fun as it pokes fun of the silent movies ,the songs are wonderful,and the dance numbers are fantastic.  This movie should be on every musical lovers video shelf.
B000055ZFX|5.0|This has been my favorite film since it was screened for us as students in High School so many years ago. It was the first video I ever purchased, also many years ago, and I have always regretted that the pan&amp;scan format cropped so much of the magnificent 70mm image out. This is a film that MUST be seen in the widescreen format! Both Heston and Loren were recent Oscar winners when they were teamed for this and both are at the height of their personal appeal and stardom. The justly famous tournament scene rivals the chariot race from BEN HUR for sheer excitement, and the lush location photography in Spain makes every scene vivid. Although a bit long, the story is well paced and you will wish for more. The exquisite score by Miklos Rozsa will benefit from DVD's improved sound quality. I can't wait to purchase my own copy on DVD!
0812589041|3.0|I have mixed reviews about this novel. Honestly I am not a huge science fiction reader but because I am taking a course in college taught by a proffessor who loves his sci-fi, I have begun to expand my readings and learn to appricate outer space and out of this world ideas.  This book is an easy read that can easliy be read in a few sittings, what most college students need! While being a simply written book it is complicated in its look at the human condition. The choas this book has is a warning to all of us just how ruthless the human race can be. Cards novel describes everything in detail with the perfect combination of action and drama.  You feel like your in battle school with this boys experencing everything that these genious boys and girls feel.  What I seemed to enjoy about this book is the main character Ender who is unpredictable and extremmly complicated all at the same time. He's an intelligent child who believes he is playing a game and has no worries but is suprised in the last two chapters of the book. It follows his inner struggles along with the war of the game he is forced to play. As you read deeper you see that Ender is becoming a killer, what he fears most. Ender is talented, ruthless and senestive all at the same time. This is proved, at age eleven he commandes a fleet and destroyes the enemy along with himself. Why I am mixed about this book is because hes a believable character in some aspects of the plot then not believable in others. At the age of eight Ender was ejected from his unpleasnat life on earth where he was made fun of and sent to battle school where he leads a fleet to destroy the enemy. I guess it was hard to relate to a bunch of children who had the responsibilites and brains of an old man whose mission was to fight the bad guys. A typical story I think. If your a true fan of science fiction would I recommened this novel, if not then leave it to an assigned course reading.
B00005AMQV|4.0|This film does deserve an Oscar. Not only is the story catching - I did not believe it had already lasted 2 hours when it ended - the filming is also very beautiful. It changes between the blurry heat colors when the scene is Mexico, and the conservative strict lines and coldness of The States.<br />Erika Christensen who plays the drug judge's addicted daughter is an interesting new acquaintance! She plays impressively, especially in the scenes where she's drugged.<br />Only regret: Thinking about the film afterwards, the part taking place in USA, especially the ending, is as naive an unoriginally judging as any other USAmerican movie, and that's a pity.<br />But the moral of the film, and the film itself as a piece of art, remain a deserved Oscar nominee!
B000056K04|4.0|&quot;Everyday&quot; is a slight distortion of the vintage Dave followers have grown spoiled to.  I feel this album is an experimental tangent that will lead to many many more excellent albums.  With all the overrated &quot;studio bands&quot; that monopolize the naive charts, Dave is unparalleled by modern bands.  In a generation craving for musical moguls, Dave is the best creation since classic bands of the 60's and 70's.  Dave is not a studio band.  This album will be very interesting as it is unleashed in live venues.  When a band attains the success that Dave has they can afford to be more musically experimental, and I think this is the case with this album.  Boyd's violin remained in the case for the duration of this album.  This is a disappointment to Dave followers.  I hope the lack instrumental diversity doesn't force the band to implode.  All in all the album is well done, but doesn't posses the spark previous albums have had.  I encourage all to experiment with the album and forumulate your own opinions.
B000056K04|5.0|The bulk of this album is great.  I've listened to DMB since I heard under the table and dreaming, but adding the electric guitar and the change in style was a dramatic improvement.  This album is great both lyrically and musically.  Would Recommend Highly.
0782008372|2.0|The premise is, indeed, very cool -- but the execution just seems very off.  Clancy Brown has delivered much better performances than he does here, and it's hard to take him seriously as the main villain.  The character development in the flashback sequences is OK, but it makes no sense why anyone does what they do in the modern era, and some of the dialogue is just ear-gratingly bad.  Worst of all, though, the gathering itself just doesn't have the sense of drama you'd expect it to.  There doesn't seem to be much of a sense of urgency to any of the characters, and that makes the film itself seem kind of slow.<br />I was also disappointed by the film quality, as I think other reviewers have observed . . . haven't really looked at the other DVD extras, but I don't see them overcoming the general disappointment I had in the movie itself.
B000059RL3|5.0|Marvin Gaye's &quot;Whats Going On&quot; is one of the greatest albums of the rock era (post-1955), in R &amp; B or in any genre.  A brilliant, topical song cycle that somehow has never lost its relevance, it was easily the artistic highpoint of Gaye's star-crossed career.  Soulful, beautiful and thought-provoking, it belongs in every collection.  Gaye was one of the finest singers of his generation, and he sounds wonderful on this album.<br />Universal, the owners of the Motown catalog, have reissued this 1971 album with remastered sound, new material and an excellent booklet.  They give &quot;What's Going On&quot; the same treatment that &quot;Blind Faith&quot; received a few months back.  Like the earlier release, Gaye's album sounds terrific.  Much of Motown's '60's and '70's material had sounded mediocre in its initial LP versions, and the early CD reissues were not much better.  Here, finally, the perfection of Gaye's work is apparent.  Familiar songs like &quot;Mercy, Mercy Me,&quot; &quot;Inner City Blues&quot; and the title track sound more powerful than ever.  The booklet includes several good essays and previously unseen photos.<br />Once again, as with the &quot;Blind Faith&quot; reissue, the new material is a bit of a letdown.  An alternate (earlier) mix of the entire album is included that is interesting but hardly essential.  There are also two outtakes that serve more as curiosities than anything else.  The single mixes of several songs are also here.<br />The second disc includes a previously unreleased Gaye concert recorded in 1972 in his hometown, Washington, D.C. that marked the singers' first live performance in four years.  Gaye, who suffered from stage fright, is in good form here, although the band soundss underrehearsed and a little sloppy.  Still, Marvin seems to be having fun, and he performs the entire &quot;Whats Going On&quot; album and other material.  Which brings us to another problem; if you buy this set you had better love the songs, because some of them are heard in four, count' em, four different versions.<br />Gaye's fans will certainly want to own this package, and less devoted listeners will probably enjoy it, too.  Still, one can't help but feel that this set has been padded out to two discs to enable the record label to charge a relatively steep price.  Budget-conscious listeners may wish to wait to see if Universal will issue the remastered album on its own.s, because some of them are heard in four, count' em, four different versions.<br />Gaye's fans will certainly want to own this package, and less devoted listeners will probably enjoy it, too.  Still, one can't help but feel that this set has been padded out to two discs to enable the record label to charge a relatively steep price.  Budget-conscious listeners may wish to wait to see if Universal will issue the remastered album on its own.
0790735431|5.0|If you love war movies you will love Memphis Belle. It very accuratley portrays the life at a WW2 air base. Full of action that will keep the viewer on the edge of his seat. I recommend it for all.
B000059RL3|5.0|Marvin Gaye's &quot;Whats Going On&quot; is one of the greatest albums of the rock era (post-1955), in R &amp; B or in any genre.  A brilliant, topical song cycle that somehow has never lost its relevance, it was easily the artistic highpoint of Gaye's star-crossed career.  Soulful, beautiful and thought-provoking, it belongs in every collection.  Gaye was one of the finest singers of his generation, and he sounds wonderful on this album.<br />Universal, the owners of the Motown catalog, have reissued this 1971 album with remastered sound, new material and an excellent booklet.  They give &quot;What's Going On&quot; the same treatment that &quot;Blind Faith&quot; received a few months back.  Like the earlier release, Gaye's album sounds terrific.  Much of Motown's '60's and '70's material had sounded mediocre in its initial LP versions, and the early CD reissues were not much better.  Here, finally, the perfection of Gaye's work is apparent.  Familiar songs like &quot;Mercy, Mercy Me,&quot; &quot;Inner City Blues&quot; and the title track sound more powerful than ever.  The booklet includes several good essays and previously unseen photos.<br />Once again, as with the &quot;Blind Faith&quot; reissue, the new material is a bit of a letdown.  An alternate (earlier) mix of the entire album is included that is interesting but hardly essential.  There are also two outtakes that serve more as curiosities than anything else.  The single mixes of several songs are also here.<br />The second disc includes a previously unreleased Gaye concert recorded in 1972 in his hometown, Washington, D.C. that marked the singers' first live performance in four years.  Gaye, who suffered from stage fright, is in good form here, although the band soundss underrehearsed and a little sloppy.  Still, Marvin seems to be having fun, and he performs the entire &quot;Whats Going On&quot; album and other material.  Which brings us to another problem; if you buy this set you had better love the songs, because some of them are heard in four, count' em, four different versions.<br />Gaye's fans will certainly want to own this package, and less devoted listeners will probably enjoy it, too.  Still, one can't help but feel that this set has been padded out to two discs to enable the record label to charge a relatively steep price.  Budget-conscious listeners may wish to wait to see if Universal will issue the remastered album on its own.
630575067X|1.0|I am soooo thankful that I did not camp out in front of the movie theatre, unlike some of you others out there. I'm even glad that I didn't go to the first midnight viewing of the movie. It's just that bad. The good: The lightsaber fight with Darth Maul was really good, but not as good as the lightsaber scenes in The Empire Strikes Back, which is the best of the bunch. The music during the Darth Maul lightsaber fight was really good.  The bad: Terrible acting. Natalie Portman saying &quot;They're killing our people,&quot; (or something like that) and a grueling monotone. They could have hired a robot to say that. The spaceships looked even more sophisticated than the spaceships several years later. What's up with that? The SR-71 Blackbird look-alike was a real turn-off.  The ugly: Do I even need to mention Jar Jar Binks? But what was equally as bad was when Anakin ACCIDENTALLY got into the enemy spaceship and ACCIDENTALLY blew it up. That was so lame.  Lucas says that he directed the first one to set an example for the other directors. Believe me, he set a bad first example.  And for those of you who give this five stars, sorry. I can see five stars for A New Hope, or The Empire Strikes Back, but NOT this terrible &quot;Star Wars&quot; movie.
B000000OAN|5.0|This album isn't the best by far....but it is a CLASSIC!!!  This album has many different kinds of sounds...from hard rock...to opera sounding music...if you want to describe this album in two words, I'd have to say...&quot;Bohemian Rapsody!&quot;  Queen's greatest song...that changes pace every couple of minutes...this song would describes the whole album.  I'd have to also say..I've enjoyed this album very much!...from &quot;Love of My Life&quot; to &quot;Death on Two Legs&quot;....this album is worth the money paid!!!  especially for Queen fans!!!
B000000OU4|5.0|This is Pat at his most pleasing and outgoing. Great jazz musicians like Miles and Satchmo also had this ability to put out albums that have wide appeal. For me this album had the same kind of stature in the 90's that a classic album like Brubeck's &quot;Take Five&quot; had in the fifties and early sixties. The album reaches out to the listener, but still has enough sophistication to please more demanding critics. Not all of the songs obtain the same heights as the best material on this album, but there are no clunkers.<br />This is one of the albums that I would like all jazz reviewers to review, just so I can know to ignore, or at least hold suspect, those who pan it. If you are snobby enough not to like this pleasing music, then your tastes are wildly divergent from mine.
B000000OA6|5.0|This is by far one of the best Queen albums to date!!!! Innuendo is just one of those songs you can't help listening to over and over and over again!  This last album before Freddie Mercury past on has some of his best works!!!  Especially..&quot;The Show Must Go On&quot;..and &quot;These are the Days of Our Lives.&quot;  Freddie Mercury is one of the greatest singer/performers in the history of music!  His music(Queen) can be heard at just about all major sporting events...and finally Queen is getting what they have always deserved, a spot in the Rock &amp; Roll Hall-of-Fame! (March 19, 2001)  Queen will finally have a day to themselves alongside, Michael Jackson, Aerosmith, Steely Dan, and Paul Simon!  A day that has been awaited by many fans!!!
B00000J2KT|5.0|this movie is the best marine corps movie i've ever seen! the bootcamp part of the movie is so real. It reminds my family members of there boot camp experience..
B000000OAC|5.0|This isn't there best album, but it comes close!!!  With the very, very famous songs like:  &quot;We Will Rock You,&quot; &quot;We are the Champions,&quot;....which are played every day of the year at most sporting events!...this album has many great works on it!  With the hard tempo of Mercury's &quot;Get Down, Make Love&quot;..to &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot;...this album has different styles of music!!!(as do most of Queen's albums!)  Especially when you listen to &quot;My Melancholy Blues&quot; and &quot;All Dead, All Dead&quot;..you'll know what I'm talking about...I think most people could enjoy this album!  I still love it!   Well worth the money!!
B000056K04|5.0|This is different from other Dave Matthews Band cds.  Those seeking the soft, calming melodies with various instrument solos may be disappointed with Everyday. Even though the band's beautiful style of music is still apparent, Dave Matthews Band has evolved. For Everyday, they left the acoustic on the shelf for an electric guitar and left the soft, methodical pulse behind for heavy drum beats.  Though &quot;I Did It&quot; may be the heaviest song on the cd, the group has acquired a more commercial sound that I think more people who weren't Dave Matthews Band fans before might like. Unlike previous cds, more than 2 or 3 songs off Everyday can be classified as &quot;radio&quot; songs.   Having not liked the first single, &quot;I Did It,&quot; I think the best songs on the cd are &quot;When the World Ends,&quot; &quot;The Space Between,&quot; &quot;Dreams of Our Fathers,&quot; and &quot;Sleep to Dream Her.&quot;  These songs just stood out to me, though most of the songs on here are pretty great. I think Everyday will help Dave Matthews Band gain a larger fan base as a larger group of people will enjoy this cd more than previous ones.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya's music expresses everything we can only feel.  She puts into words and song the very core of human emotion.
B000056K04|5.0|I just bought this album two days ago and I am already impressed.  When i first heard about it and how different it was, I was kinda worried.  Being a huge Dave Matthews fan I didn't know how I was going to like an album with out the 7 and 8 minute jams.  But after hearing it, I think this album will solidify Dave Matthews Band as one of the top groups  of our time.  Despite the new sound, there are still many touches of older DMB albums included.  For any non-Dave fans reading this, buy this album and it will change your mind.  As much as I love those long jam songs, this album is a nice departure from it.
B00003CX8I|3.0|The film raises some interesting questions such as what is the evolutionary path that we are on as human beings.  Just as there's a reason there are different races born out of one blood we may one day experience mutations to our DNA that we can yet even begin to fathom.  <br />O.K. Forget about all that a let's just talk about the film which to me started out like gang busters and then lost some of it's intensity as the film progressed.  The premise of the story laid a great foundation but I felt there could have been both greater character development or additional plot twists that would have made the movie more interesting.  In short it seemed a little bit too predictable.<br />The film is very enjoyable anyway.  The effects are great and the acting is noteworthy.  Particularly Ian McKellan and Patrick Stewart.<br />So check it out just don't expect too much from the story.  I hope that if they do a sequel that it'll be better than the original.
0792156684|1.0|Ok mouth breathers...so you think this is a good movie, huh?!  There are about 1200 reviews for this movie. They are all to be dismissed! Here is the TRUTH:  James Cameron is a ... This movie is brain-dead. And it's fans have the mentalities of ... ...
B00000K2SC|5.0|than anything else.  The underlying premise being that we can ultimately be in control of our own lives and destiny if we will just get past all of the b.s. that society and particularly the government put upon us.  If you'll notice there are multiple refernces to the inherent evil of the tax system (IRS) and the accepted standards of career development and obeying you 'superiors' rather than following your own inner voice.  But what I particularly enjoyed is when Morpheus states that most people are not ready (and I would add that they're ill equipped) to think for themselves and not be a slave to the system or the false nature of the society in which we live.  And as such, the vast majority of society is the enemy of those who really know the truth.  Our entire educational system (the perfect example) is set up to prepare people not to be individuals but rather automatons answering the bell and following the herd while making wealthy, fulfilled, and happy people out of the few who can see beyound the smoke screen.<br />There's also a very spiritual undercurrent to the film.  To me the film makes the case that within us all there is a power that is far greater than we could ever imagine.  We just have to learn to tap into it (believe) and become our true actualized selves.  As Morpheus states there's a difference between knowing the path and walking the path.  But very few of us will ever even know the path let alone even endeavor to walk the path.  But it is there within all of us to know and walk.  As Neo says the choice is up to you.<br />The most powerful and important idea expressed though is that whatever your mind believes is ultimately reality.  Also the concept that the data your mind is fed in either a conscious or unconscious state will be accepted and believed holds tremendous promise for more enlightened and truly powerful individuals.  That is if you're willing to let go of all the crap you've been spoon fed all of your life and willing to begin to feed yourself that which truly nourishes your mind.<br />The story is awesome, the special effects are beyond belief, the action is fantastic and the premise is not as sci-fi or far fetched as may be commonly believed.
0679736646|5.0|&quot;Ubik&quot; is from PKD's most fertile period -- &quot;Do Androids Dream Of Electric Sheep&quot; aka &quot;Blade Runner&quot; is from the same era. But to me, Ubik is a far greater work, rivaled only by &quot;A Maze Of Death&quot;. It's an extraordinary, hallucinatory fugue on the meaning of life and death, and completely unforgettable.<br />One suspects that PKD was experimenting with LSD or other drugs, and feeling the first signs of his own mortality. I've read it about twenty times. It works as straight s-f, as a tribute to Dante's 'Inferno,' as social satire, and as a parable on the nature of entropy.<br />If any idiot tells you that sc-fi is not a valid literary genre, thrust this book in their hand. You'll never hear that nonsense from them again.<br />This book is profound, yet extraordinarily funny. Reading it is a truly Zen experience, one the years will never dim for me. PKD Lives!!
B000002KY8|5.0|Everyone knows the two forever-classic singles on this record - the title track and &quot;Little Red Corvette&quot;. But there's so much more! Commanding dance grooves, sex weirdness, and the first glimmerings of the genius to come.
B000056N8X|4.0|I loved the Highlander Series and was looking forward to Endgame.  Although good, some things were just confusing or not consistent.  Case in point, the fact that in the series it was mentioned that Duncan was never to marry.  Of course, it could be that he married Kate/Faith before that prediction was made.<br />The whole Connor/Rachel story totally confused me.  <br />I did enjoy the movie despite these confusions and look forward to another HL movie.<br />Changing the ending in the DVD was a bit disappointing.  Makes it seems as if they made a mistake.  Maybe they did, maybe they didn't.  I personally, just don't like it.<br />All in all, a good movie with great actors.
6304025831|5.0|&quot;Goodfellas&quot; is as over-rated as this film is under-rated. This is far and away the better of the two.
0345350499|5.0|I first read the Mists of Avalon when I was 10, an impressionable youth. So, I read again about three times since then, and have gotten two friends to read it. I'd only heard the story of King Arthur and his knights told from purely Christian POV, so this was a breath of fresh air. At first, it did seem intimidating, it's a long book, but I went through it in about three weeks. I couldn't put it down. And my afterthoughts were that it was an amazing book, revolutionary.
B000002LHX|2.0|&quot;Scandalous&quot; is a great falsetto let's-get-it-on ballad. &quot;Batdance&quot; is an unusual and catchy experiment in sound collage. The rest of this &quot;soundtrack&quot; is Prince-by-the-numbers, not even worthy of the B-sides collected on his 3-CD greatest hits collection. A platinum relic of &quot;corporate synergy&quot; at its stupidest.
B000055Y0X|4.0|True story. When I was an Air Force Captain I had a TDY to NORAD. I was inside the mountain and we were looking at the big board of the world. There's a conference room behind us. I couldn't get the feeling that I had seem that conference room before. Then it dawned on me that I saw it in Dr Strangelove. Folks, the war room does exist. Also, the B-52 shots are dead-on. Not only is this a great movie but details are right on and true-to-life.
B000002L7R|2.0|After the mega-success of &quot;Purple Rain&quot;, Prince was visited by the demon of Temptation. As he said in an interview, &quot;Do you know how easy it would have been for me to just do another version of Let's Go Crazy?&quot; But Prince smote the demon and posted a Dilettantes Not Welcome sign outside the purple clubhouse with this willfully peculiar record. That took more guts than I'll ever have, and the Skinny M.F. gets eternal props from me for it.<br />Unfortunately, the music doesn't hold up. Except for the perfect single &quot;Raspberry Beret&quot;, these songs just sort of slouch all over the place, never really coming together. But great days were coming...
0451527712|5.0|Think about how technology and humanity often clash with one another.  For 18 years, an unidentified mail bomber kills several and wounds many, his career culminating in an anti-technological jerimiad blackmailed into mass media publication by both The New York Times and the Washington Post.  Doctors in Scotland succeed in cloning a sheep, and knowingly set off both heartfelt protest and academic wrangling.  The decoding of the human genome sparks scientific firestorms--as scientists debate the possibilities for both help and harm to come when new techniques of curing disease and prolonging life spring into being.  The proliferation of nuclear weapons heralds a chaotic possible future that political scientists still cannot completely fathom, even as the looming shadow continues to pursue us all.<br />Mary Wolstonecraft Shelley, author of &quot;Frankenstein,&quot; seemingly foresaw what lurks within all these examples.  As the wife of Percy Blythe Shelley--famous even today as perhaps the greatest poet of the Romantic Era--Mary Shelley shared with her husband the concerns of many of the most humanized intellectuals on the planet.  Technology in 1821 was a relatively new social force.  Industrializing rapidly, the England with which Shelley was familiar had already bent beneath the weight of changes wrought by the beginning of the age of machines only decades before.  Old ways obliterated themselves.  New, and unfamiliar metaphors to the human condition quickly replaced them.<br />Considered by some as the first science fiction novel ever written, &quot;Frankenstein,&quot; as a novel, could be and might best be  considered something of oracular proportions.  Sweeping in its scope, wise in its prophetic and albeit poetic assessments of what technology really means to the survival of the human spirit, the novel rises up from the predominant notions of both medicine and the ultimate purpose of technology--in that the prolongation of life and the defeat of death are the ultimate endpoints of both.  Moreover, the prospects of creating life from death--and we all know the familiar scenes from the movie in which the crazed Dr. Frankenstein robs graves in the pouring rain--provide an ironic counterpoint to the major thrust of the novel's theme.<br />Even more ironic is that no one will ever know how Shelley might have felt to have learned that her grave warning to the human race would be hacked and cut to pieces to serve as a form of entertainment that was undreamed of in her age.  What would she have thought of Boris Karloff's chilling portrayal as a blunt-headed beast of her protagonist's creation?  Could she have ever dreamed that the very message beneath her life's work would be mangled and disembowled of any and all meaning?  While many today celebrate the fact that Mary Shelley's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; is the archetype of the modern horror story--the birth of a monster that takes more contemporary form in movies such as &quot;Alien&quot; and &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;--few consider the powerful metaphors within the novel itself.<br />Unlike the movie, Mary Shelley's version begin with a harrowing encounter in the Artic--the ice cold and unhospitable axis of the world, the place by which the world turns and turns ruthlessly with no consideration for the fragility of human life--and continues with almost karmic dimensions as Dr. Viktor Frankenstein, fully and suddenly understanding the scientific terror and technological golem he has obsessively unleashed, devotes the grim remainder of his life to the destruction of what he has created.  It's an old tale, too, a little like Dante entering a wood and visiting Hell, the tale of Dr. Frankenstein is synonymous with the advent of middle age:  We spend our youths dreaming of our creation, and yet we spend our later years often searching for ways to destroy that for which we once dreamed.<br />&quot;Frankenstein&quot; is one of richest novels ever written.  A favorite of generations, it regales in a style that is itself a vivid example of how technology and its unforseen imperitive--that we constantly hurry and curry the lowest common denominator--have turned both the novel and the English language into a strange changeling that is a pallid, shadowy reflection of an age of philosophic and spiritual grandeur that unavoidably midwived the modern age.  Regardless of its richness, however, Mary Shelley's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; won't alienate a reader who gives herself to the oceanic flow of her voice.  Told simply and with a passion unsurprisingly absent from contemporary prose, &quot;Frankenstein&quot; is a novel whose time has yet to come.ations, it regales in a style that is itself a vivid example of how technology and its unforseen imperitive--that we constantly hurry and curry the lowest common denominator--have turned both the novel and the English language into a strange changeling that is a pallid, shadowy reflection of an age of philosophic and spiritual grandeur that unavoidably midwived the modern age.  Regardless of its richness, however, Mary Shelley's &quot;Frankenstein&quot; won't alienate a reader who gives herself to the oceanic flow of her voice.  Told simply and with a passion unsurprisingly absent from contemporary prose, &quot;Frankenstein&quot; is a novel whose time has yet to come.
6304117302|3.0|I love the director, love the stars, but am totally lukewarm about the movie. It should have been terrific. (But then so should &quot;Titanic&quot;.) But an unfocussed script leaves it not much more than some nice visuals and some nice sounds trying fruitlessly to hook up.
B000001ELR|3.0|This would have been one of Kiss' best '80s albums but for a curiously thin guitar sound. Compare the chunky power chords of &quot;The Elder&quot; or &quot;Lick It Up&quot; to this mix, where the axes are largely relegated to the background, and you'll see what I mean. If &quot;Creatures&quot; were re-mixed, it would be a very heavy hitter. Riffs like &quot;I Love It Loud&quot; and &quot;War Machine&quot; really need it. Rock on...
B000002L9B|5.0|Prince has dissed this record in interviews but that's just him being stupid. It's a sparkling kaleidoscopic gem - the record he *should* have followed up &quot;Purple Rain&quot; with. The records got even better, of course - his masterpiece &quot;Sign O The Times&quot; was less than a year away. But this was his supremely imaginative farewell to &quot;pop life&quot; and it sounds as fresh and fun today as it did 15 years ago.
0385486804|5.0|I have read many reviews on this book, including ones that say it was boring, and some who claim that it reads like a news story. I don't think they got the point of the story. People die every day of more tragic deaths. (drug addiction, drunk driving.) I think what Krakauer wanted to do in this book, was let you have a glimpse inside the mind of an acting idealist.<br />Chris was by no means crazy, and in fact was probably much smarter and saner than most. From his journals, you see that chris had a negative attitude towards many things, including the type of life that is accepted in our society. For chris, living the mundane life that most of us live, wasn't enough. He wanted to live on an edge, and set his own standards and lifestyle.<br />Whether you know it or not, almost everyone you know can relate to chris and the things he did. Most don't go beyond ideals, and some don't think that way at all. People who say they don't understand what he did at all are usually the kind of people who are wrapped up in society, and living life as it has been given them. Sooner or later in life, all of us come to a crossroads where we either accept or deny society. Almost all of us succumb to it; we get married, have a 10x16 front lawn, a dog, and live paycheck to paycheck. (you're born, you go to school, you work, pay taxes, die.) This was unacceptable to chris probably a long time before he left on his &quot;trek.&quot; This would explain much of his negative outlook on life, his family, and other various things. <br />Whether or not this kind of book interests you, you should take the time to read it, and learn about someone who didn't accept what all (or most of us) have accepted into our lives. You shouldn't read it with the intention of just finding out exactly how he died in the end, but more attention paid to why he put himself in those situations, and maybe you will find that Chris mccandless's personality may not be too far from your own. READ IT NOW.
B000002LE6|5.0|If you only know Prince from &quot;Purple Rain&quot; - or worse, as the &quot;1999&quot; guy - this CD will baffle, frustrate, and enrage you, in that order. Only after you have digested the increasing complexity of &quot;Parade&quot; and &quot;Sign O The Times&quot; will you be able to appreciate this astonishing record - arguably the greatest ever made by this musical titan.<br />What makes it so extraordinary is its purity. There are no concessions made to radio programmers, Warner Brothers executives, or anyone else. As a result, what you have here is a perfect musical portrait of the inside of Prince's head - a strange, spiritual, and, needless to say, very sexy place. Going inside will, of course, prove a disorienting experience. But once you get the lay of the land, after ten plays or so, you will find, as most of the comments here report, that it's a blissful and uplifting place to be.
0452282152|5.0|I read this book for school with some of my friends and thought it was great! I am right in the age level it is suited for and think that if your haven't read this book, you are definately missing out! It is beautifully written and captures the true characters of the book the way you would expect from the paintings they were inspired by. I don't know why some think that it wasn't very interesting but it is one of my favorites! I can't wait for Tracy Chevlier to finish her next novel!
0812550757|5.0|Speaker is an amazing book. I think that it is highly intelligent and fascinating, with a kind of depth and detail that I have rarely seen. I can sympathize with people who say it is too slow and wordy, but though I agree that it is a lot of OSC talking it is so interesting and well-written that I never minded. Unlike Ender's Game, however, this one I only read two or three times. Although I love the book, the story/subplots, and especially the extremely vivid and developed characters, once you have the story memorized the philosophy is a little heavy for weekend reading.
B00004XPPC|5.0|For someone who has never seen this movie, you may believe it is a movie about WWII.  You could not be more wrong.  This movie in my opinion is the battle of two hardcore souls who are worried more about their honor and prestige than the cause at hand.  Read all the reviews that describe the storyline which I will not bore you with here.  This movie is a rare movie that by the time you approach the climatic end you actually fully understand and feel for the main characters.  Because of that the film's ending just simply blows you away.  This film is a must see!!!!
0812550706|5.0|What can I say about Ender's Game? It's been my favorite book since I read it in jr. high. I've read a lot of great books since then, but none with the mix of action, intelligence, story, characters, and staying power (I've read it many times and still enjoy every bit) as this one. It's my favorite of OSC's work, as well. Even if you're not a science fiction fan this book will probably appeal to you. It is set in the future and has some of those typical elements, but the sci fi element is written so well and with so much style that even someone who's not a fan of the genre can appreciate the book. Highly recommended.
B000056K04|5.0|a lot more rock but if you listened to it you can see simular riffs as in under the table and dreaming just with an electric guitar.  Sleep to dream her and angle are my personal faves. i like how when the world ends gets cut off.. i guess the world ended.
B0000542DG|3.0|...water is moving, of its own volition, towards you, creating a slick surface that will cause you to slip and hang yourself in the shower.  Having gotten that out of the way, I have to say that this movie was nowhere as bad as I thought it would be.  In fact, it was pretty amusing.  Interesting premise, but the ending was bad.  Not funny bad.  Just bad.  Oh, and Ryan, if you're reading this, you can just DROP DEAD!
6305910103|4.0|I haven't viewed many a &quot;classic&quot; Star Trek movie (read: this is the first one I've ever seen), but I loved this movie.  It was cheesy, it had overacting, it was great.  Genesis Project-what's that?
6305922748|5.0|My girl's got 'em!  But seriously, this movie was great.  At Ferncliff Hall we don't often view good movies, but this was a refreshing exception.  And Ryan, I'm sorry, but I just can't leave this behind!
B00003CX8I|5.0|This movie is a fun movie because if you think about it it is a live action comic book.  Magneto wants to turn every body into mutants and the X-Men must stop him.  Your typical comic story line.  It is cool, though, to see your favorite comic caracters portrayed on the screen.  Any comic fan will enjoy this one.
6303589170|5.0|After watching so many alien movies that deplict aliens as mean and scary, every so often you'll find one that sort of makes you feel sorry for them.  <br />That is the case with Starman.  'Scott' intercepts a recored that homo-sapions have launched in space and he answers the call.  When he gets here the human race try to kill him.  And all he wants to do is go home before he dies.<br />The music in this movie is very dramatic as it helps the mood of what 'Scott' is going through to get home.<br />Yes there is romance, if you like that kind of thing, but it does not take away from the over all atmosphere of the movie.  This is a good one to buy.
B00004TJFL|5.0|now here's a good halloween movie. halloween 5:the revenge of michael myers was an AWESOME movie. 1 of the best in the series. i love it how mike kind of takes control of jammie and in a way posseses her. great plot twist. he's her uncle and able to get into her head. while no1 believes her about michael except loomis who no1 believes either , it is easy fot mike to get away with his kills this time around. mike plays a game of tag(almost) with the police and that was funny.mike still wants to kill jammie cuz he thinks his rage will end if he gets her. loomis tries to convince him that his rage will kill HIM 1 day too. but michael ignors the doctors warnings and goes on still tryin to kill jammie and they finaly have him in the end.........so they thought..who the heck was that with the gun that helped mike escape...we'll just have to find out in part 6..just remember there were 2 doctors in the 1st 1. be observant and keep that in mind...great movie.
0790729970|4.0|Don't know why, but I liked it more now than when I saw it on the silver screen. Maybe it was because my kids now were laughting and rolling around. Really nice to watch it again and again with them. The extras, careful digitalization, image and sound quality add to the value of this DVD. Have family? Have fun! But even alone it works very fine too.
0385495323|5.0|We now live in the Age of Information.  The protection of information transmission from interception and use by unintended recipients might be the most important issue during our lifetimes.<br />  This book tells us where we were, where we are, and where we are going with the protection of information.  The history of encryption of information has been the history of code makers and code breakers fighting to get the upper hand.  We explore the Caesar shift and the Vigen&egrave;re square to RSA encryption and quantum cryptography.<br />  Monoalphabetic substitution ciphers are rather easily deciphered using frequency analysis of the most often used letters of the plaintext language.  Polyalphabetic ciphers such as the Vigen&egrave;re square require longer text to break, but eventually the keyword is discernable and the rest of the message is decipherable.  Although the onetime pad cipher is absolutely secure, it suffers from a practical and logistical problem of random key generation and key distribution.<br />  The German Enigma machine of WWII provides an example of mechanized machine encryption.  This inspired the Allies to construct the first programmable computer in 1943, named Colossus.  It is interesting to note that the very machine that would be the first computer of the Information Age was itself created to decrypt information.<br />  Presently, our data transactions can be protected with a system of asymmetric cryptography, known as RSA, also known as a form of public key cryptography.  With a sufficiently large number derived from the factor of two prime numbers, RSA is presently impregnable.<br />  Thanks to Phil Zimmermann, in 1991 his program incorporating RSA and called Pretty Good Privacy, or PGP, was posted on the internet as freeware.  We can now encrypt messages and send digital signatures using certification authorities with a high degree of security.<br />  The greatest threat to our privacy seems to be from our own government restricting or weakening the use of encryption.  This is where policy questions and politics becomes an issue.  Do we side with privacy of individuals?  Or do we side with law enforcement?<br />  According to the author, whatever the decision today, it can be changed tomorrow to accommodate changing circumstances.  Personally, I prefer not to give up any privacy rights at any time.  Restoring rights to citizens once those rights are surrendered is probably as difficult a task as repealing the income tax laws.  If I am not mistaken, the U.S. federal income tax was proposed as a temporary measure for generating  government revenue in 1918.<br />  The holy grail of cryptography is quantum cryptography.  Although quantum computers and quantum cryptography are only theoretical ideas, if quantum cryptography becomes a reality, then a truly unbreakable system of encryption would exist.kening the use of encryption.  This is where policy questions and politics becomes an issue.  Do we side with privacy of individuals?  Or do we side with law enforcement?<br />    According to the author, whatever the decision today, it can be changed tomorrow to accommodate changing circumstances.  Personally, I prefer not to give up any privacy rights at any time.  Restoring rights to citizens once those rights are surrendered is probably as difficult a task as repealing the income tax laws.  If I am not mistaken, the U.S. federal income tax was proposed as a temporary measure for generating  government revenue in 1918.<br />    The holy grail of cryptography is quantum cryptography.  Although quantum computers and quantum cryptography are only theoretical ideas, if quantum cryptography becomes a reality, then a truly unbreakable system of encryption would exist.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Appart the violence on it, it's not a movie on violence. What makes it a 5 stars? David Finch's direction, Brad Pitt is hilarious and great, Edward Norton magnificent, Helena Bonham Carter too. There are some travelling/macro/zoom out scenes that'll keep your finger on the rewind button. The scene where Norton fight with his boss is memorable. As is the catalog view of the world. The art direction is beautiful. Some fight scenes are hard, but they're fast, have a reason to be there and are not &quot;butcher made&quot;. As I said, this is not a movie on violence, like Warriors is. The real fight, here, is personal. Can't say more. The extras are great, just like on the Se7en DVD, also directed by Fincher. There are making off of most interesting scenes, lots of commentaries, a funny faux products catalog and other things that'll keep you entertained for many times. I had some blockings against this movie, since and imbecil entered a cinema here in Sao Paulo with something like an Uzi and killed 3 people on a session of it. Well, after seeing the trailer on the web and watching it, I realized that that guy was much more than an imbecil: a psycho that was involved with drugs, family problems and much more and, thanks to all his mind blowing addictions and problems misunderstood this movie. In the box it's written that maybe you should watch it more than once (NYT). You can be sure you will.
0201633612|4.0|There is no question that design patterns are an important part of object-oriented development, and this is the definitive work on that topic. As good as it is, it does have its weaknesses, although some of them can be dismissed as points that are mere personal preference. For example, I would have preferred that the code examples be written in Java, but I would not penalise the book because of that. In addition, the style of the writing is very academic, but that is probably due to the authors' background and may even have been done deliberately.<br />However, I did sometimes find the UML diagrams more confusing than helpful, and the code samples were somewhat sparse. The explanations were largely adequate, although I sometimes found myself having to re-read the description of a pattern many times before I felt that I understood it. Even though, I would sometimes wind up being confused about the difference between two patterns or exactly what a pattern represented. Part of this I think has to do with the nature of design patterns -- they are by definition somewhat high-level and abstract. Even so, I could not help but think that they could have been described better, which is why I only give this book four stars.
6305161879|4.0|I've seen Wanda when it was released, about 12 years ago. It stayed on my memories as one of the funniest movies ever. Well, it still is appart the photography made it a bit dated. But the dialogues are still superb, first rate. The plot, too. Worth it, although the DVD doesn't have too many extras, just the now standard trailer and an 8 page booklet. Ah, it also has both widescreen and atandard screen formats.
B00003IQQA|5.0|This is the best album that I have come across in a long time.  I bought this album just for the songs Higher and With arms Wide Open, now I see that all of them are really awesome.  My four favorites are What If, Beautiful, Say I, and Are you Ready.  I also bought this album because I was told that they were a christian band, but it wasn't straight out of the Bible.  Their lead singer expresses his feelings of life and influences others to do the right thing in life, so it is and it is'nt a christian band at the same time.If they keep on coming out with albums like this, they will be in buisness for a long time, and will become very, very popular in a short time.
B00003CWL6|5.0|but it'll certainly keep you thinking. And considering things you never thought of before. Image quality and sound - first rate. Extras - fine. Knock out capacity - amazing.
B00000DC10|5.0|In my approximation, punk is perhaps today the safest music you can play.  Its kind of funny that the form that started in America as a way to dramatically revise music, and was later schooled in England to have a biting social commentary which always kept its sarcasm.  But after the seventies, the whole form was stripped down to the powerful, but limited Hardcore movement.  From this, every other musical style has drawn, there was jazz-punk, rap-punk, grunge, swing-punk, etc...<br />For years there it looked as though punk's only use was to rejuvinate everything else. Now there are two bands who are making the most significant progress of pushing punk ahead since the original batch of post-punks.  Fugazi, who have pushed punk/hardcore on a logical path, taking cues from Sonic Youth and Television, and Refused.  Now on The Shape of Punk, acts like Fugazi's angry counterpart.  It shouts that they are tired of giving to other forms, and now are going to take, and they do so.  <br />What makes this album extrodinary, is that it blends the multitude of styles as seemlessly as London Calling did eighteen years earlier.  Rap, techno, jazz, it doesn't matter, and it all works.  If you like punk, and are interestedto pushing the music forward, this album should be interesting to you
6305807086|4.0|Weird a movie this is. Hard to be categorized. But worth many explorations. Those who like to exercite their minds, here's a nice gymn.
B00004Z400|5.0|Deftones is talent, period. Granted, overall this might not be as thrashing or heavy as an album as their previous releases, but there isn't anything lacking here.  They have shown before, but more apparent with this album that a metal band can take good songwriting, vocals, melody and rhythm and not come out with something cheesy at the end.  They have definitely elevated themselves with this release, because they have stayed true to themselves with everything.  Another thing that does make them standout, is that the singer, Chino, he can actually carry a tune! A relief in this day in metal when all you hear from other bands is guys screaming about porn/sex, and my generation and how they keep rolling, rolling, rolling.  But anyways, in my eyes and I'm sure lots of others out there deftones have the complete package and are second to none.
B00005AKQF|5.0|I am always amazed at some of the classic CDs that get deleted domestically. De La Soul's \\"Three Feet High and Rising\\" is one of the best hip-hop albums of all time. I know the band goes to great lengths sometimes to distance themselves from this disc, but more than a decade since its release, the trippy, daisy-age concept of this effort is now almost back in vogue. Regardless, it has always stood the test of time for me. The gameshow concept and the jokes sometimes get a little dated, though they will always retain their cleverness, but the grooves and the samples are intelligently constructed and first rate. \\"The Magic Number,\\" \\"Eye Know,\\" \\"Potholes,\\" \\"Me Myself and I\\" (which introduced as many people to P. Funk in its own way as Snoop-Dog did) and \\"Daisy Age\\" are seminal cuts. Bring this beat back to the States!
B00004Z400|5.0|Deftones is talent, period. Granted, overall this might not be as thrashing or heavy as an album as their previous releases, but there isn't anything lacking here.  They have shown before, but more apparent with this album that a metal band can take good songwriting, vocals, melody and rhythm and not come out with something cheesy at the end.  They have definitely elevated themselves with this release, because they have stayed true to themselves with everything.  Another thing that does make them standout, is that the singer, Chino, he can actually carry a tune! A relief in this day in metal when all you hear from other bands is guys screaming about porn/sex, and my generation and how they keep rolling, rolling, rolling.  But anyways, in my eyes and I'm sure lots of others out there deftones have the complete package and are second to none.
0792846710|5.0|The title alone tells you that you are in for one heck of a ride. It is a horror/comedy movie.  It does have 'cheesey' dialoge but it's still a classic.  From their cotton candy cacoons to their outrageous balloon dogs,  this movie is not a let down.
B000059TEP|4.0|A picture-perfect modern-day romance that tells an exciting romantic story, &quot;Ghost&quot; is one of the best romantic films ever made. In it, we see just what lengths someone will go to for their love for someone else, and also shows us that the love we have for someone in our life goes on after death. Director Jerry Zucker, and acting by Patrick Swayze, Demi Moore and Whoopi Goldberg, all make this movie a landmark that everybody knows about. <br />What is so special about the story is the connection between the two romantic leads. Swayze plays Sam Wheat, who, with his longtime girlfriend Molly, is remodeling a penthouse apartment in New York, where they soon live together, completely happy and in love. We have no reason to question the love story angle because the direction and acting tell us from the very beginning the nature of their relationship, and does it in understandable terms. Sam also works for a major banking corporation, where he has a best friend Carl, who seems more than willing to take certain workloads off of Sam's shoulders. One night, Sam and Molly are set upon by a thief, who demands Sam's wallet, and after a struggle, Sam is left with a fatal gunshot wound. Of course, being dead, he is now a ghost, and must watch as Molly comes to the realization that her lover is dead. <br />The acting of these two actors is what makes all of this incredibly affecting, most especially Molly's coping with Sam's sudden exit from her life. She keeps his personal things, as well as any little scrap of paper or memory she can hold onto, with Sam watching all of this from behind her shoulder and Carl trying his best to comfort and console her. Sam soon pays a visit to a con artist medium named Otta Mae Brown, played by Whoopi Goldberg, who is the only person that Sam is able to talk to. The comedy of the movie really picks up as we are given scenes of Brown walking in the streets arguing with the air, talking to the walls, and having hissy fits with Sam in public. Goldberg is really given a chance to shine in this role, playing out some of her best lines and material ever. <br />Comedy then mixes with drama and action as the plot reveals that Carl was a mastermind behind a murder conspiracy. Carl is in desperate need of money, and when he found out that Sam was in charge of a four million dollar bank account, he hired a hitman to have Sam killed in order to try and take over the account and steal the money. As he further tries to worm his way into Molly's life, Sam becomes more and more determined to try and find a way of reaching her aside from giving Otta Mae instructions on what to say to her. Swayze is able to give us a powerhouse performance here, as his character sits back and can do nothing to physically protect his love. He feels weak, helpless, and these emotions are played out brilliantly. <br />The film won an Academy Award, one of two, for Best Original Screenplay for 1990. The script is a melting pot of many different elements: comedy that comes from the relationship of Otta Mae and Sam's collaboration, supernatural elements stemming from the ghost angle, thriller techniques that reside in the mystery of Sam's death and Carl's intentions, and most important, the love story that Molly and Sam live out, which serves as the basis for everything that happens. It has a little bit of everything for everyone, which gave diverse audiences what they wanted and made it a sheer success among people. <br />Demi Moore and Patrick Swayze both give excellent performances that keep the love story going. They both have a chemistry that never stops or staggers the film, but keeps it going. Whoopi Goldberg is Otta Mae Brown, a role she was born to play and for which she won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. Her comic genius and diverse areas of acting play a major role, and sometimes become the heart of the film. Tony Goldwyn plays the conniving Carl, and does so effectively. He is one of those few people in a moviethat the audience can truly despise for his crimes, and when the ending comes, it is pure satisfaction to watch him get what's coming to him. <br />&quot;Ghost&quot; is nothing short of a successful movie, keeping us enthralled with comedic, romantic and thrilling elements, making us believe in things beyond this world. It never stops moving, it is utterly original, and it keeps us at the edge of our seats as well as tugging at our hearts.
B000002C2E|5.0|This album all but leaves me speechless.  Not the first Dylan album I owned but the first one that moved me emotionally.  In fact I can feel it again right now.  This is the greatest American poet of the late 20th century, my only question is when will we have college courses devoted to him.  If you have a feel for his voice and you are searching for a way to explain a feeling of anguish that you are facing in a certain period of your life (for me it was my teens and The Catcher in the Rye wasn't enough to say how I felt) give this album a shot.  Heck even the critics liked it and how often do mainstream critics award a genuinely good album.  Dylan is a father for all his listeners and I would give anything I have for his ability to express so much with such ease.
0140441409|5.0|This book is definitely the greatest philosophy book I have ever read so far.  The case cannot be made that Marcus was a scholar.  If you are looking for metaphysical or epistemological subtleties, this is not the book for you.  But if you want to have an idea of what a true philosopher may be, then read it over and over.  It is said that Plato called Diogenes, &quot;Socrates gone mad&quot;.  If he were to name Marcus, he would probably call him &quot;Socrates writing&quot;.  Marcus was probably the third thinker (after Epictetus and Seneca) to use the word &quot;will&quot; as we today use it.  For him, you are invulnerable, no evil can befall you except if you give assent to the proposition: &quot;this is an evil, and therefore will harm me.&quot;  This is, it is true, &quot;free will&quot; carried to extreme.  Not everyone would agree with it.  Anyhow, this book, along with other Stoic works, marks a crucial turning-point in Western civilization, for, from then on, the human person is not human because he is the product of a civilized city-state (polis).  Rather the human animal deserves respect because he possesses an inner realm in which resides a fundamental property by which we can make choices, beyond social determinations.  This realm is impregnable from without.  Indeeed, it is a very fortress.  As Pierre Hadot, the French historian of philosophy and expert on ancient thought puts it: with Marcus, the human soul becomes a &quot;citadelle interieure&quot; (litterally: a inner citadel).
B00003CXE7|5.0|When I first heard that Russel Crowe was playing a gladiator in his new movie,I was a bit disappointed because I didn't think it would be anything original,and that he only did it for the money it would bring.Obviously I was wrong..<br />Probably this movie will for a long time be compared with Braveheart,since both are epic movies about historical heroes,but I don't think it is fair to say that the Gladiator imitates Braveheart.<br />It's the story of a Roman general,Maximus,who is very much appreciated and loved by both his soldiers and the emperor.The emperor's son though,doesn't share those feelings and when he learns that the emperor likes Maximus to replace him,instead of his son,he decides to get rid of both Maximus and his family.Maximus manages to escape,but can not save his son and wife from death.He is capured by the merchants and is sold to a gladitator trainer.From then on,it is :&quot;the general who became a slave.the slave who became a gladiator.And the gladiator who defied an empire.&quot;<br />Russel Crowe is amazing.He adds so much to the character he is playing,an ideal human figure,a Roman soldier who is all about honor.Joaquin Phoenix is also veru successfull in the role of the villain,so to speak.The music is also great,I highly recommend the soundtrack.<br />There is no reason not to like this movie.Although the level of gore is a bit high,it is inevitable I guess for a movie about gladiators.<br />The dvd extras were very good,and the picture and sound quality are among the best I have ever experienced.<br />Don't hire it,buy it.How can you regret it ???
0790743213|5.0|This is the greatest Alfred Hitchcock movie ever made!!!!!!!!
B00000JPYQ|5.0|I own this masterpiece for about 20 years and everytime Im listening to it, it has the same unbelievable intensity. <br />To give you an idea of what a great part of the spirit of this recording is about: I like the guitar playing of Satriani, Steve Vai, Buck Dharma, Van Halen, Hendrix, Jimmy Page, Billy Gibbons, Barney Kessel, Eric Clapton, Frank Marino, Steve Howe, Uli Jon Roth, Alex Lifeson, Yngwie Malmsteen, Brian Robertson, Gary Moore, Kirk Hammet, Neil Young, ..., but Micheal Schenker is my absolutely favourite guitarist! In my opinion no one has ever reached Schenkers ability for melody, rythm, timing, or just GOOD TASTE. Schenkers playing on Rock Bottom is worth 6 stars alone. <br />So if youre into good rock music and if you like the sound of an electric (rock) guitar, believe me, you got to have this live-recording!
B000002GK1|5.0|Bidding for a popular breakthrough with their second major-label album, Soundgarden suddenly developed a sense of craft, with the result that Badmotorfinger became far and away their most fully realized album to that point. Pretty much everything about Badmotorfinger is a step up from its predecessors - the production is sharper and the music more ambitious, while the songwriting takes a quantum leap in focus and consistency. In so doing, the band abolishes the murky meandering that had often plagued them in the past, turning in a lean, muscular set that signaled their arrival in rock's big leagues. Conventional wisdom has it that despite platinum sales, Badmotorfinger got lost amidst the blockbuster success of Nevermind and Ten (all were released around the same time). But the fact is that, though they're all great records, Badmotorfinger is much less accessible by comparison. Not that it isn't melodic, but it also sounds twisted and gnarled, full of dissonant riffing, impossible time signatures, howling textural solos, and weird, droning tonalities. It's surprisingly cerebral and arty music for a band courting mainstream metal audiences, but it attacks with scientific precision. Part of that is due to the presence of new bassist Ben Shepherd, who gives the band its thickest rhythmic foundation yet - and, moreover, immediately shoulders the departed Hiro Yamamoto's share of songwriting duties. But it's apparent that the whole band has greatly expanded the scope of their ambitions. And Badmotorfinger fulfills them, pulling all the different threads of the band's sound together into a mature, confident, well-written record. This is heavy, challenging hard rock full of intellectual sensibility and complex band interplay. And with their next album, Soundgarden would learn how to make it fully accessible to mainstream audiences as well.
B000002W9Q|5.0|This was 1 of those movies in junior high that me &amp; my best friend would watch almost every weekend....quoting &amp; singing along.  Even years later after not seeing it, I can still quote &amp; sing along just like it was yesterday.  I really dug oldies back in junior high, &amp; still like all these songs...though I can detect a little cheesiness in the 80's tracks in here, but they're still lovable...maybe only cuz my 13 year old self loved em so much :)  &amp; who didn't try to mimick along to &quot;Love is Strange&quot; like they do in the movie ;)  All these songs fit the movie I thought.  My faves include of course &quot;Time of My Life&quot;, &amp; &quot;Be My Baby&quot;.  If this isn't enuff for ya, then get the More Dirty Dancing Soundtrack as well....esp. for &quot;Do you LUUUUV meeee&quot;.
B00000272N|5.0|When Alice in Chains' debut album Facelift was released in 1990, about a year before Nirvana's Nevermind, the thriving Seattle scene barely registered on the national musical radar outside of underground circles (although Soundgarden's major-label debut, Louder Than Love, was also released that year and brought them a Grammy nomination). That started to change when MTV jumped all over the video for &quot;Man in the Box,&quot; giving the group a crucial boost and helping to pave the way for grunge's popular explosion toward the end of 1991. Although their dominant influences - Black Sabbath, the Stooges - were hardly unique on the Seattle scene, Alice in Chains were arguably the most metallic of grunge bands, which gave them a definite appeal outside the underground; all the same, the group's sinister, brooding, suffocating sound resembled little else gaining wide exposure on the 1989 hard rock scene. Neither hedonistic nor especially technically accomplished, Alice in Chains' songs were mostly slow, oppressive dirges with a sense of melody that was undeniable, yet which crept along over the murky sludge of the band's instrumental attack in a way that hardly fit accepted notions of what made hard rock catchy and accessible. Although some parts of Facelift sink into turgid, ponderous bombast (particularly over the erratic second half), and the lyrics are sometimes immature, the overall effect is fresh, exciting, and powerful. While Alice in Chains would go on to do better and more consistent work, Facelift was one of the most important records in establishing an audience for grunge and alternative rock among hard rock and heavy metal listeners, and with its platinum sales certification, it also made Alice in Chains the first Seattle band to break through to a wider, less exclusively underground audience.
B000058T5E|5.0|Jeff lets his guitar do the talking.<br />Just 2 years after his grammy nominated album, Who Else! (Epic), Jeff Beck is back once again with his new album, You Had It Coming (Epic). Beck continues with his Techno-rock, and he comes through in fine fashion. YHIC is definatly one of Beck's best albums, and includes some of most inspirational and emotional playing ever. Every solo has feeling, every song has emotion. Just by listening to the first song alone I was amazed. It is the song Nadia, however, which sends my pants to the laundry every time I listen to it. Nadia is most excellent, and is definatly the climax of the album. The album ends on a mysterious note-the song 'Suspension.' This is perhaps the most mysterious song Jeff has ever done, and it has a different meaning everytime I listen to it. <br />YHIC is a sure classic, and Jeff struts his stuff once again! Listen to Jeff Beck and well, Page and Clapton can just eat his dust.
B000002G0P|5.0|Extreme's brand of hard rock balanced ambitious, progressive tendencies with catchy melodies owing more to the Beatles than anthemic arena rock; on III Sides to Every Story, the former tends to dominate. The album is divided into three &quot;sides of the story&quot; - roughly speaking, &quot;Yours&quot; concentrates on politically oriented rockers showing off Nuno Bettencourt's virtuosity; &quot;Mine&quot; leans toward pop songs with warmly romantic sensibilities, plus an occasional philosophical lament; and &quot;The Truth&quot; tries to wrap things up into a coherent whole but dissolves into indigestible prog-rock excess. Thus, the thematic material can be likened to a less focused version of Pornograffiti. The album is wildly uneven, but amidst the indulgences there are some fine songs to be found: &quot;Rest In Peace&quot; displays both Bettencourt's technique and melodicism as a soloist, while &quot;Seven Sundays&quot; continues in their occasional lounge ballad vein, and &quot;Tragic Comic&quot; and &quot;Stop the World&quot; are two more intelligent, wounded-romantic pop gems.
1568497369|5.0|Agatha Christie is at her best!! And Then There Were None is a very suspenseful book and chilling tale you will never forget!! 10 guests are invited to stay on an Island. When they arrive, the host isn't there... then the mystery begins!! THIS IS A MUST READ!!
B000056K04|5.0|Maybe you dont understand the album. Listen to the words, feel the beats. This DMB is bigger and better, and I love it. It is some of the band's best work since Crash, and the style might be changing, but it's still freaking awesome. Thanks again for another great album DMB.
0441172717|5.0|This was one of the books I've been meaning to read for a long time, and when I finally began reading it, I was utterly engrossed in the story. With the movie and the TV miniseries both available, it's superfluous to state the plot, so. And the story of a young boy becoming a hero isn't new, but the vivid geographies of Dune and the subtle complexities of life on Dune and in the Imperium are fascinating, and all make this a science fiction masterwork. It's got something for everyone: political intrigue, warfare, romance, evil vs good, spirituality. But it's definitely the Fremen and the planet Arrakis (Dune) that cativate me. I'm certainly going to read the rest of this series.
B000002N2P|5.0|Dookie gave Green Day success, but it was never really clear whether they wanted it in the first place. However, given the incessantly catchy songwriting of Billie Joe, the success made sense. Green Day were traditionalists without realizing it, learning all of their tricks through secondhand records and second-generation California punk bands. They didn't change their sound in the slightest after signing to a major label, which meant that they couldn't revert back to a harsher, earlier sound as a way to shed their audience for Dookie's follow-up, Insomniac. Instead, they kept their blueprint and made it a shade darker. Throughout Insomniac, there are vague references to the band's startling multi-platinum breakthrough, but the album is hardly a stark confessional on the level of Nirvana's In Utero. It's a collection of speedy, catchy songs in the spirit of the Buzzcocks, the Jam, the Clash, and the Undertones, but played with more minor chords and less melody and recorded with a bigger, hard rock-oriented production. While nothing on the album is as immediate as &quot;Basket Case&quot; or &quot;Longview,&quot; the band has gained a powerful sonic punch, which goes straight for the gut but sacrifices the raw edge they so desperately want to keep and makes the record slightly tame. Billie Joe hasn't lost much of his talent for simple, tuneful hooks, but after a series of songs that all sound pretty much the same, it becomes clear that he needs to push himself a little bit more if Green Day ever wants to be something more than a good punk-pop band. As it is, they remain a good punk-pop band, and Insomniac is a good punk-pop record, but nothing more.
B000053ZRR|3.0|1. The performance of this title is not as good as the one &quot;Live from Lendon&quot;. And many words and actions done by Bon jovi are the same as last title &quot;Live from Lendon&quot;. It seems like they just performed in Lendon yesterday. 2. The stage is not as good as last title &quot;Live from Lendon&quot;, you can compare with them. 3. Although this time this DVD features Dolby Digital 5.1 sound, but the quality and surround effect are poor.  4. Vocal performance is not good when compare with last live title. 5. Dynamic Range of sound quality is poor also, try to listen to the last title. Sound is not clear either. 6. Video quality is not good, especially it was taken in the &quot;Raining day&quot; ! 7. The most impressive part is you can find the song &quot;Born to be my baby&quot; on this DVD that you can't find anywhere on any Bon Jovi's published videos.<br />All of above is just my personal opinion.
B000001OAA|5.0|Garbage's self-titled debut has all the trappings of alternative rock - off-kilter arrangements, occasional bursts of noise, a female singer with a thin, airy voice - but it comes off as pop, thanks to the glossy production courtesy of drummer Butch Vig. Not only is the sound of the record slick and professional, but all the songs are well-crafted pop songs. Unfortunately, only a handful of the songs are memorable, but those that are - &quot;Vow&quot; and &quot;Queer,&quot; in particular - are small, trashy alternative pop gems.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Hi.  I'm a nerd.  I've bought 3 albums in the past 7 years.  Having kids does that to you sometimes.  Anyway, I first bought this album, then U2 and then Tito Puente.  The music is GREAT, her emotion is real(if a little too angry), and this is just a  really strong and intelligent album.  My favorite is &quot;I'll know&quot;, but there's nary a song on it I don't like.  If only she didn't occasionally swear, I wouldn't have to turn it down when my kids are in the car!  But she has extraordinary talent, and  the album has a lot of depth. (Plus it's great played really loud ). Buy it!
0790749815|5.0|\\"North by Northwest\\" (1959) was the fourth and final collaboration between director Alfred Hitchcock and actor Cary Grant. Both men were at their artistic zenith when they made this superb comic thriller, which screenwriter Ernest Lehman promised would be \\"the Hitchcock picture to end all Hitchcock pictures.\\" Lehman's script incorporates some brilliant setpieces that the Master of Suspense was unable to work into his previous films, such as the famous crop-dusting chase and the surreal Mount Rushmore climax. However, the highlight remains the Chicago auction sequence. Grant's screwball humor and dark charm make him the ideal Hitchcock leading man - complemented by excellent performances from Eva Marie Saint, James Mason and Martin Landau. \\"North by Northwest\\" was Hitchcock's sole effort for MGM and he makes the most of the studio gloss. It's a top-notch production in terms of set design and matte work. In fact, author Ian Fleming considered \\"North by Northwest\\" to be the stylistic prototype for the James Bond series and wanted Hitchcock to direct the first 007 production (he turned down the offer). To fully appreciate this classic film, it should be seen in the letterbox format that Hitchcock intended.  One of the all-time greats.
B000002KXV|5.0|Simply stated, the #1 recording of the rock era. This achingly beautiful work of art stills stands up 19 years after it's release. With the recent Steely Dan revival (Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, Grammies) it's time for every person new to the SD arcanum to fedex this CD to their homes, put it in their player, and sit back for the musical experience of their life. Thanks Don for providing so much pleasure over the years...
B000002JSP|5.0|although many of the other reviews seem a bit disappointed by this album, i loved it.  Like all of the zep albums previous to it, i either immediately loved each song, or it grew on me.  I find it quite sad that many of the fans weren't able to expand and enjoy the later led zeppelin just because the sound evolved. The earlier stuff is wonderful, but I think the later is too. In fact, one of my favorite songs is the last track here, All of My Love. (Hot dog too, heh, heh, fun song)  Regardless of what anyone else says, I loved this album, and the open Led Zep fan will too.
0345440757|5.0|I just finished reading this book and was reminded what an empowered,confident mother I became with the help,guidance and gentle touch of Tracy Hogg-oh yes, and don't forget the cup of tea!Tracy was in the room when my son was born and worked with my husband and me the first few weeks until we got the hang of things.My son had a terrible time latching on and Tracy was patient and really there for me. I was feeling like a complete failure,without Tracy I would have absolutely given up!I had read every single parenting and baby book before he was born and not one of them prepared me for how hard breastfeeding can really be.Not to mention all the other things that I hadn't been prepared for-baby blues,major sleep deprivation,etc. My son is three years old now,and I have to say I look back on those early months with such wonderful memories.With Tracy's help I was a calm and confident new mom,it was fun and exciting instead of overwhelming and exhausting.In this book is everything she taught me,I am so glad that it's now available,now everyone can have access to this wonderful,whispering woman!
B000056K04|2.0|I SAW DAVE MATTHEWS THE FIRST TIME IN 1993. I WAS 14 YEARS OLD AND I WAS HOOKED, AS A DEDICATED FAN THROUGHOUT THE YEARS I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ALBUM, ONLY 2 BE CRUSHED! I DISLIKE THIS DISC AND THE STYLE OF MUSIC PLAYED ON IT. RED ROCKS IS DMB THIS ALBUM IS A 1.5 on my grading scale.
B000002ADT|5.0|Many albums are considered among the greatest albums of all time. Kind of Blue is one of these rare  and important albums. While many of these albums don't quite live up to their expectations, Kind Of Blue does. Not to many albums do. Just about all of the Beatles albums live up to their expectations, The Velvet Underground and Nico does, alost of Bob Dylan's albums do, Astral Weeks by Van Morrison also do. Albums like Pet Sounds and What's Going On are often considered among the top five albums ever made, but I think that they are slightly overrated. Kind Of Blue is often considered to be in the top twenty five, ten, five, etc. Unlike some others, it desserves this distinction. This is an incredibly beautiful and mellow album with incredible musicians and songs. This album also proves just how influential Miles Davis was. I think that he might be just as important to music as Beethoven, Mozart, Bach, John Coltrane, The Beatles, etc. Miles Davis' importance cannot be overstated, and this album is his greatest achievement. One of the most essential albums ever made.
B00004XONN|3.0|Take the soundscapes of U2 and Brian Eno. Mix them together with a dash of Pink Floyd. What do you get? Certainly not Kid A. That's not to say that this is a bad album. It's good, but not spectacular. Except for &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;, most of the lyrics to the songs leave something to be desired. I do admit though. The album grows on you, but it's little more than average. If you're going to take risks then do it all the way.  Another thing....Maybe I'm not as &quot;out of it&quot; as I thought I was. Is it me, or does Kid A seem a bit tame. There are few driving, anthemic songs on this album.  My favorites on Kid A.... Idioteque, How to Disappear Completely, and Everthing in its Right Place. The others......eh.... The tracks on this album really should've been reversed. The &quot;B-Side&quot; seems more like an &quot;A-Side&quot;. If you like this album, then you'll probably also enjoy the superior &quot;Million Dollar Hotel&quot; soundtrack, featuring U2. ....... U2, your rock crown is still safe. Radiohead needs a bit more growth.
B000021Y75|2.0|Another superhip, irritatingly kitschy, loud, fast, music-video of a movie, which obviously hopes to inspire the ever-so profound reaction: &quot;Deep, man,&quot; -- or maybe, in some its more gratingly self-conscious attempts to portray a strong (and hiply alternative!) female character: &quot;You go, gRRL!&quot;<br />The charm of this movie is completely lost on me. A dynamic visual style doesn't make a good movie. Run Lola Run could pass for a 90 minute Nike commercial, targeted towards today's alternayouth (TM). It's aesthetic sensibilities are (incidentally) very much that of a late-90s commercial, as are its themes. The exploration of the delicate nature of circumstance is vaguely thought-provoking, but that's all. I was reminded of that stupid watch commercial where the guy's watch is off by 1 second, and he consequently doesn't bump into the woman of his dreams on his way to work. If only he'd had a Rolex! (Or Timex, or whatever brand it was for.)  <br />If you watched this movie and thought it was really deep, then my advice to you is to start watching less movies and to start reading more books. To worry less about what crazy new color your hair is going to be dyed today, or what super-obscure local band you're going to add to your list of &quot;crappy music I pretend to like so I'll look cool and unique,&quot; -- and to sit down with some Nietzche or something. <br />Run Lola Run rubs me the wrong way in this fashion, I admit. Like other loud, superhip, wanna-be-art-movies of the past decade, it strikes me as a soulless, obnoxious byproduct of an increasingly narcissistic and mindless subculture, more concerned with cheap thematic gimmicks and cliche sociological statements than creating a complex and high-quality story. The characters in Run Lola Run are soul-wrenchingly annoying, so much flash and so little flare. Obviously the director, writer, and actors all hope to compensate for Lola and Manni's (?) inherent dullness and shallowness by loading on the style, making sure that everything looks and sounds cool enough to keep an already mentally stunted audience from thinking too hard (except about the one or two unsophisticated, done-so-many-times-before things it wants you to think about.)<br />All in all, a flashy waste of time. The only moment in the film I whole-heartedly enjoyed was when Lola's rake-on-the-nerves dopey boyfriend gets plowed down by a bus. Although generally a stupid scene, the pure joy of seeing that whiney little idiot (along with every gelled and bleached hair on his ugly little head) get run over by a large vehicle is indeed worth an entire star.
B000056K04|4.0|The amazing thing I've found about DMB is that a person who has never heard their music can fall in love and need more in under two songs. Simply put, I don't believe that's the case with Everyday. Instead, it grows on you. I'll find a song from Everyday bouncing around in my head while I working. To me that's the mark of an album that has made an impact. As for staying power, my friend and I once drove 10 hours with only Listener Supported disc 1 on hand and we never shut the cd player off or stopped enjoying the music. I'm not sure I can do that with Everyday.
0140185232|3.0|I am a lit major and I am still puzzled by why people gush over this book. It's only peripherally about Larry's search for meaning in his life. In actual fact, it's a tableau of US and British high society in the late 1920's--full of all kinds of dysfunctional people caught up still in the class consciousness and snobbery. If you like this kind of thing, many authors have done it better--Henry James for American literature, and Proust for French literature. <br />Overlaid on this is the story of Larry who drifts in and out of the narrative with accounts of his various spiritual adventures. The trouble is that Maugham's description feels dated. Presumably in his day to hear about reincarnation must have been a weird and unusual thing. But today to read about someone transfixed by his first exposure to systems based reincarnation feels a bit sophomoric. Sort of like talking to someone in college who has just discovered these ideas.<br />The only good part of this book in my estimation is the few pages in which Larry describes what it's like to live in an Indian ashram. This was well written and presented information not so easy to come by. <br />Otherwise, though, this book was not particularly insightful or profound, nor was it all gripping or narratively inviting.
0790729652|5.0|Ever since the film's debut twelve years ago, I have been watching this film first on beta(yes, i was on of the 8 people who still had beta back then), and then on DVD. All I can say is that this film is even more incredible when you add the widescreen picture(it also features a standard version) and Dolby Digital sound to the movie. All I can say is that if you own a DVD player and liked this movie, you'll enjoy this film even more now.<br />Tim Burton has made some of the best movies to come out in recent years, most notably Edward Scissorhands and Sleepy Hollow. He created a Batman here that was (please forgive me) even better than the comic book series. The film has a dark, industrial look throughout the film, with little color and a very dark brooding musical score by Danny Elfman. The plot is about Bruce Wayne(Michael Keaton), a rich millionare who fights his personal demons by becoming the Dark Knight, a man who must avenge his parents death every night by stalking and bringing down criminals. But in his path is the Joker, played by the always fabulous Jack Nicholson. Kim Bassinger comes in as Vicky Vale, a photographer who becomes the object of interest for both Batman and the Joker. While there is not as much action in this like the other 3 films, it is the best one when it comes to acting, directing, and overall feel. On DVD, Batman becomes the best comic book film(underneath Superman I and II) of all time.
0345440757|5.0|In surveying numerous mothers in Los Angeles (and in New York) for our books, I was frequently hearing mothers rave about Tracy and her methods. I, of course had to get a copy of her book as soon as it came out and although there was certainly some information I didn't agree with such as some of the breastfeeding info, there was more than enough very interesting and helpful info in there to warrant a purchase. Have always as a mother believed that any info that can help save your sanity is truly a worthy investment! Christine Diamond, author of &quot;Kids Take L.A. - The best of what to do,see, buy and eat with your kids in Los Angeles&quot; and &quot;Kids Take New York&quot;.
1558908846|5.0|While I would never rate Judge Dredd as one of the best films of all times, it certainly is entertaining as long as you check you brain at the door. Stallone Plays Dredd, a cop/judge who goes around a futuristic New York overpopulated 100 fold and attempts to keep law and order. He is equipped with a really cool gun that can serve as flameflower, rocket launcher, laser blaster, and machine gun all in one, as well as flying motorcycle. Armand Assante plays the man who set him up for murder, and now Dredd must clear himself of the charge and take down his enemy. Rob Scheinder is funny as Stallone's accidental sidekick, a conman who Stallone sent to prison by mistake. I thought the action scenes were loud, fast, and out of this world, everything you want to see in a mindless, fun, popcorn flick. The special effects are great too, and you get to see A LOT of action. While not as good as Demolition Man, this one will keep you entertained, as long as you don't take it too seriously.
0783211856|5.0|&quot;Schindler's List&quot; is such an overwhelmingly divine,noble and heart-felt effort,and it deals with such a painful,shocking,sad,and unforgettable chapter in our(meaning the world's) shared history with such grace,accuracy,candor,and respect for the survivors,that I called it the &quot;most important film in history&quot; Truthfully,though,it almost transcends it's medium,into a rarified  place of it's own.It's very difficult to consider this film and,say,&quot;Little Nicky&quot; as being in the catagory(meaning film).Even the closest second to &quot;Schindler&quot; in terms of impact,quality,and subject matter,&quot;The Godfather Trilogy&quot;,pales in comparison,simply because the subject it's dealing with covers a much narrower segment of society;the Holocaust affected virtually everyone in the western hemisphere,and the scars are still,and will be,felt  by innumerable people.Steven Spielberg has accomplished something few have ever even attempted;he has made history accessible to everyone.Using his unparalleled clout and all the considerable resources he has at his disposal,he has captured forever the entire expereience of the Holocaust faithfully,and done justice to the unfathmable strength,dignity,pain,and humanity of it's survivors.Hopefully his efforts(for which,in my opinion,he deserves much more than an Academy Award;he deserves a Nobel Piece Prize) will ensure that no one will ever forget what happened--and,also ensure it is never repeated.
630460288X|5.0|Demolition Man is one of those rare action flicks that seem to have intellegence beyond the guns and explosions. Sylvester Stallone plays John Spartan, a reckless cop who has made it his mission to bring down his arch-enemy Simon Phoenix. Phoenix is a crime lord who has kidnapped 30 bus passengers. John Spartan rushes in and attempts to save them and apprehend Phoenix, but the passengers apparently die in an explosion set by Phoenix. John Spartan is arrested for the deaths of the passengers and charged with involuntary manslaughter, and both men are sent to a cryogenic prison, and frozen. But decades later in the year 2032, Phoenix escapes, and all hell breaks loose. <br />The world has become peaceloving, and there are no more violent weapons on the streets, and physical contact of any kind is frowned upon. So you can imagine the kind of time a criminal like Phoenix would be having. The only way to stop him is to thaw Spartan, and soon the 2 enemies go at it all over the futuristic city of San Angeles. Sandra Bullock also stars as the cop who becomes the partner of Spartan in the future, and she starts to question everything she has been brought up to believe in.<br />This is where the film becomes an intellegent satire as well as an action film. The future, while bright and crime-free, has left the world without freedom. Salt, red meat, and even sex has become illegal. The police encode chips into peoples hands so they can keep track of them wherever they go. But once Spartan is released, he takes an immediate disliking to the brave new world. Interlaced in all of this is plenty of humor in the dialogue, as Stallone's character does and says things that freaks out the people around him who have never seen behavior like that before. As for the action, this film has some incredible action scenes. There is a brawl between Phoenix and Spartan on a futuristic highway going 70 miles an hour, and plenty of shootouts. This DVD doesn't offer much in the way of extras, butthere is a good commentary by the director, and standard/wide picture sizes of the film, and a trailer. One of the best action movies of the 90's, right up there with T2.
0140186409|5.0|There are some authors that have so much talent that it is inhuman. Eudora Welty, T.S. Eliot, Faulkner, and, quite obviously, Steinbeck. If you are a beginning writer, do not read this, because it will depress you to no end.
B000002HMH|2.0|In my opinion, this is the worst Metallica cd. The overall tone is depressing and the CD definitely lacks the fundamental drive  I expected from Metallica.<br />What I expected were some awesome catchy drum, bass, and guitar rhythms.   But, this album didn't have that. Instead the album has an overall morose feeling to it.<br />I hope the drive will come back because  this CD seems to take the METAL out of Metallica.
0684853523|5.0|A necessary book. Without losing Stephen King style, he writes a book on writing that is quite informative without being pretentious. Well done.
B000056K04|4.0|Come on guys we've seen this happen before - its nothing new. There's comes a time in a artists life when you just need to change. You need to experiment, that same old thing gets boring. Believe me I'm a musician...playing the same kinda songs over and over - writing the same thing gets old fast. Unfortunetly being human, we resist change. We fear what we dont understand. We like routine - and when that routine gets altered we freak. Ever wonder why when you go to class with no seating chart why you sit in the same damn desk every time? What happens when you come to class one day and that chair's taken? It pisses you off. That's exactly what's happening here. But this should come as no surprise - its happened before and surprise - that same angry frustrated feeling comes into play. Remember what happened when Metallica cut their hair and released Load? Remember when Live put out Secret Samadhi? Not to mention - Better Than Ezra's Garden album, Megadeth's Risk cd, Smashing Pumpkins Adore album, U2's Pop, Matchbox Twenty's Madseason ect ect...and now Dave Matthews adds himself to that list with Everyday. I think people should be more open to this stuff. Everytime someone makes a change people scream &quot;sellout&quot; or &quot;they've gone commercial&quot; give a friggin break! They're mainstream bands - of course they're commerical. Just because they've changed doesnt mean theyve gone conventional. What the hell is conventional anyway? There are some really strong songs on this cd. When The World Ends, Mother Father, So Right...these songs are awesome. I dont know what people are bitching about? I think this is a good positive change that should be looked at as an album that stands on its own. Not compared to other cds this band has put it. It should be looked at as DMB's first album. I bet people would love it. However there are a couple of flaws - 1) where's the violin on this album? Boyd Tinsely is the violinest in the band and you can't hardly hear him. and 2)some of the songs are cut too short. I feel the production could have let the tape run a little longer with When The World Ends and What You Are...these songs are good songs that could have been great if Glen would have let the tape go a little longer. Instead he cuts the song off just as Dave in going into an emotional tangent. Those are my only complaints that keep this from being a 5 star cd.
B000002H6C|5.0|This, without question, is the greatest Metallica almum ever composed.  I seem to be alone in my Metallica opinions, which I stand by.  Some examples of these opinions would be: I think Master of Puppets is the least good Metallica album, and everyone just likes it for the title track, and Load and ReLoad are extremely musical albums with melodius licks and hard riffs, and the word &quot;musical&quot; is why I like Metallica, not the tempo or the lyrics.  Speaking of musical, let's get back to the album this review is for.  You stupid laymen who don't have the time to interpret the genius of this album because you're too damn busy waiting for the next adrenaline rush just don't get it.  I have been a professional 1st trumpet player for the Met opera for 27 years, and I know innovative music when I see it.  Nothing compares to this album.  Oh yeah, and if you want speed, what's wrong with Dyer's Eve and Blackened?
630018403X|5.0|Anyone out of high school, or in it can relate to this. It hits high school life on the nail. All the peer pressures, all the stereotypes, how things aren't like they seem. The characters are all so memorable, and realistic. This is a comedy, romance, and drama. Buy it today, it's a movie you can watch over and over again. You know, you see something new each time.
B000006ZL4|5.0|This is an absolute masterpiece.  This band has been compared to Dream Threatre but trust me, they are not just a DT clone.  They have there own sound and this CD is just stunning.  The title track even contains guitar version of Mars: Bringer of War (an awesome classical piece).  Buy it, buy it NOW!
630416923X|5.0|On DVD, I'll buy this NOW! Not on VHS...Jezus...
0790729970|5.0|This is mainly where people had known Jim Carrey's alter-egos and impressions. Also there's something very important about the mask he uses and I'm not telling you because I don't want you to miss out. It also debuts Cameron Diaz. He happens to have a crush on her and she didn't know he was the mask character until he was in jail. Also he had the dog Milo to help him with the key. And then there were some other characters (Julian, etc.) who were both trying to get the mask and all that other stuff. Also,(at the beginning) he was 40 minutes late one day to work and he met that girl (Well, when you see it you'll know what i'm talking about). He did get out. Julian (Just for the movie) tied her up and Jim Carrey's (or Stanley Ibkis for the movie) had to wear the mask again to save her, though dog Milo had before. There was a part there I didn't like, but it gets 5 stars because it's so good. See this one. I've seen almost all of his movies except Man On The Moon or Me Myself And Irene. <br />But for those who want to get it, do get it!!!
B000056K04|1.0|I am also a huge DMB fan, and am sure that others of the hard-core will have problems with this, but this album simply doesn't measure up, musically or lyrically, to the band's previous albums.  They attempt at times to follow the same formula, with some important changes, but they don't quite hit it.  Don't get me wrong, the album doesn't suck, but the fans deserve more than this, and I hope we get it with the next album.  Things have been declining lately.  I respect the fact that they have been trying to evolve, but effort doesn't count; I want results.  I give it 1 star simply because I expect 5 from the band, and they didn't get there with this one.  Sorry.
078062369X|4.0|First off, I'm no goth.  And I've seen too many excellent films to truly be able to call this ANOTHER excellent film.  But it succeeds where a lot of bigger-budget (and less interesting) action films fail, and actually possesses several different elements that will appeal to movie buffs of other genres.<br />The aforementioned 'hong kong' influence is easily spotted, but from the opening sequence in the meat plant, to the final showdown, the production values of the film are fantastic.  Stephen Dorff makes an able enough villain, and Kris Kristofferson actually steals the show with his gnarled, grizzly performance as Blade's weapons man, Whistler.<br />Wesley Snipes has pretty much established himself as the premier US action movie star; his Karate and Capoeira skills making you fully believe that he IS Blade.  Some of the camera cut-aways are cheesy, but that's about my only complaint.  Good use of time-lapse photography and a nice soundtrack that doesn't detract from the film at any moment.  I'm sure it looks and sounds amazing on DVD, but I've never seen it on that format.<br />At the very least, this is a masterful b-film--on par with Brandon Lee's &quot;The Crow&quot;.  And above all, it stands (before X-Men got released) as a blueprint that shows how you can make movies from comic books that don't have to be moronic or crass.
0679405380|2.0|Please, it is exagerated to think this book is a classic, such a opinion is too restrict and reflects a readers too simple meaning of life.
0792844890|5.0|I've seen literally thousands and thousands of amazing movies in my time and I still have yet to see one that is more memorable and utterly hilarious than this one. This is a masterpiece. If you like the movie &quot;The Princess Bride&quot; you'll love this one. I'd say it's the best of the best of the spoof movies.
6304398395|5.0|And that about says it all.  He should have won the Oscar, but at least he was nominated.  It deserves more than 5 stars.
0060977493|5.0|This book is hard to forget. Once you read it, it will stay with you forever. It is hard to believe that someone is capable of writing in this way and it fascinates me to know that this person is alive out there amongst us. It woke something deep within me and I can honestly say that I am more whole after experiencing such a rare incident. I truly envy her mind and wish that it had been me who had come up with the so called '....shape in the universe' bit. Truly brilliant and magnificent in all aspects. Thank you Arundhati Roy.
0679879269|5.0|I began reading this series to my two girls, ages 8 and 10, when we finished the Narnia books and were casting about for something new to read.  We loved the Golden Compass and the Subtle Knife and waited with impatient anticipation for the Amber Spyglass.  Never for a minute were we disappointed with the result.  My girls would cry in frustration when I stopped reading at the end of a chapter and send them to bed, then I would &quot;cheat&quot; by reading ahead after they went to bed.  We NEVER wanted it to end, but couldn't wait to find out what happened.  <br />While I understand that some Christians are offended by this series it opened many avenues for discussion in our house about God, Christianity and religion as a whole (and we are Episcopalians by the way).  We compared it to Narnia and talked about much of the symbolism. It was a wonderful journey that we hated to end!
B00004XOWN|5.0|Significant Other was good. THIS ROCKS! You should already know the hits Rollin and My Generation...and there just the start of it. I cant say youll go wrong buying this but in a rare case someone doesnt like it, well, their sad. The mix of heavyness in songs like 'livin it up' combined with soft more calmin music that still rules like, 'my way' which breaks into a ferocious chorus! Also features Xhibit. If you liked Siginificant, GET THIS. Maybe try it out anyway, even if you dont like their previous album.
B000056K04|2.0|This album was a true disapointment for me.  Dave's new producer has completely taken over on this album from co-writing the songs (as if Dave wasn't good enough on is own) to arrangements.  Everyday don't even compare to DMB's previous efforts.  And another thing, what happened to Leroi and Boyd?  Are they just guest musicians now?  You would think so when listening to this album.  If you're a die-hard DMB fan buy it just for the collection.  But lets all pray that this is not the demise of the DMB we've all fell in love with.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|At LAST! - Hollywood has produced a movie that says the father has an important role in his son's life.  WONDERFUL!
B000056K04|4.0|Mr. Matthews has such a way to talk to a girl...You can tell he is so in love as he speaks of it in every song. This is their best album yet! I have listened to it several times a day verses &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot;. I truly LOVE this band. Have seen them in concert twice and they are even better Live! This is very different then all other CD's....I highly recommend it as the music is very contagious!
014100018X|5.0|Wow- this was a quick read. Considering I'm a mother with two young children and never get a chance to see a movie.  So low and behold I pick up the novel and boy was I happy.  I began reading the book on Ash Wednesday and was completed on on the first Friday lent.  Also coming from a very strict religious family during lent and its odd sacrifices that we must endure through this book really made me smile through out.  A must read for all who need a realistic novel that any one who went to church can relate too.
B000058983|5.0|An amazing body of work let down by a couple of things. Firstly we really didnt need the alt takes and demos, forever changes can stand up for itself. Secondly.... whats with the fade out on &quot;a house is not an hotel&quot;?  the original abrupt end is one of the many things that endeared this amazing album to me. from a technical point the mastering here is very punchy and apart from one anoying distortion on &quot;you set the scene&quot; sounds amazing. all gripes aside this is a criminaly underated piece of pure genius, at least to the majority of you yanks. (though us brits have known for a long time just how crucial this recording is.) Possibly one of the best albums ever made
B000002KGT|5.0|The essential Fleetwood Mac album.  <br />It's no rock opera; get &quot;Tommy&quot; by The Who if you want that... and it's no Beatles album (how can you compare two groups that were never in competition with each other anyway?  It's sooo unfair, they're both great bands).  However, Rumors _is_ a hauntingly beautiful, and sometimes even upbeat, story in its own right of two relationships falling apart.  The most popular songs (the ones the radio overplays) are awesome - &quot;Go Your Own Way,&quot; &quot;The Chain,&quot; and &quot;Don't Stop (Thinking About Tomorrow)&quot; - but the other tracks are great, too, despite the musically uneducated claiming that they're filler.  (Have we lost the ability to read between the lines and hear what the musicians are saying?)<br />Stevie Nicks's singing is some of the best work she's ever done, and Lindsey Buckingham's guitar playing is perfect for the album - always there but sometimes completely invisible until you listen for it.  Genius!  Fleetwood's drumwork is classic:  never overbearing, hard-driving, always keeping the beat moving along.<br />Far from being the blues and pop music band they were before the album &quot;Fleetwood Mac,&quot; this is a wonderful 70s rock album.  No, it doesn't break any new musical ground - in fact, it showcases all the different styles of music that made the 70s a great decade for music.  Fleetwood Mac is one of the greatest rock bands ever, not because of its innovations, but because they took good things - pop, folk music, and rock - and made them better.  Get a copy of this and listen to it at least once.  You'll be hooked.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I liked the little snippets of music in the movie and I love the cd, though it is too calming to workout to.
B00002MHS1|5.0|This album is one of the greatest of several fine efforts from one of the most unique, talented and often overlooked bands of the late 60's/70's.  The jazz and folk influence that had always been hinted at in Traffic's earlier work become more apparent on &quot;John Barleycorn&quot; and the albums which followed it. Standout tracks are &quot;Glad,&quot; a jazz-rock instrumental with a terrific piano riff, &quot;Freedom Rider&quot; which continues in the same jam/fusion vein and the infectious, breezy groove of &quot;Empty Pages&quot;. The title track, with Chris Wood's gently haunting flute and Steve Winwood and Jim Capaldi's lovely harmonies is the most beautiful rendition of this folk song you will ever hear. Every cut on the original album is good, this is probably Traffic's most instantly enjoyable release (besides their self-titled 1968 album, another classic) - I would recommend it if you're just getting familiar with the band. Steve Winwood's vocals, of course, are fabulous. This album also proves what a great musician the late Chris Wood was, featuring some great electric sax and his spine-tingling flute soloing. The remastered version contains a number of bonus tracks. &quot;I Just Want You To Know,&quot; (a fairly pointless reprise of &quot;Empty Pages&quot;) and a ballad, &quot;Sittin Here...&quot; both sound like demo songs and probably are, as such they don't hold up as well as the other album cuts. The live tracks tacked on at the end include some mostly incoherent mumbling, doors slamming and other backstage ambience, followed by &quot;Who Knows..&quot; which doesn't quite have the spunk of the studio version, but it's nice to hear another version of such a great Traffic song. Lastly there is a pretty trippy extended version of &quot;Glad,&quot; which immediately segues into the opening chords of &quot;Freedom Rider&quot; and then we are rudely cut off and the CD ends! Kinda spoils the experience, considering there's still plently of space left on theCD for a few more live tracks. The CD booklet contains a not-particularly informative capsule history of Traffic. By far the best thing about the remastered CD (besides the sound quality) are the wonderful pictures of the band.
B00005214X|3.0|Two observations:  I'd forgotten just how terrific and multifaceted some of the songs are.  \\"Beware of Darkness,\\" \\"Isn't it a Pity,\\", \\"Let it Roll,\\" and \\"Art of Dying\\" are far more musically complex than the average song out today, yet are still instantly memorable.  And the album is much more in the vein of Blind Faith, Derek and the Dominoes, and the Yardbirds than I'd remembered--great guitar licks, fine rhythm section, etc.<br /><br />What I had failed to remember is the incredible amount of reverb on the album.  Harrison is right:  The thing should've been remixed, especially songs like \\"Wah-Wah\\" and \\"Awaiting on You All,\\" which suffer tremendously from the sonic sludge that Spector calls his \\"wall of sound.\\"  I can't help but wonder wistfully what the album would have sounded like in the hands of George Martin, since a lot of the songs on \\"Beatles I\\" actually sound much fresher (in a recording sense) than most of \\"ATMP,\\" even those that were recorded years earlier.<br /><br />Last point:  The first three bonus tracks are great additions to the new album; however, \\"What is Life\\" doesn't add much, and \\"My Sweet Lord 2000\\" is just embarrassing.  If the latter indicates the direction Harrison is pursuing for his new album, I'm afraid it is just one more thing that (I) must pass over.
B000056K04|1.0|I have been a do-or-die DMB fand since the beginning.  Growing up between Charlottesville and Richmond, VA, I've been inundated with their sound since I was in junior high.  Call me a traditionalist, but I honestly think that Everyday is one of the worst albums I've bought in a long time.  I have never said that about a DMB album until this point.  I was more impressed by Hanson's new release, although I was at least smart enough not to by Hanson's album.  What a waste.  I am all for band expanding and experiminting musically, but not all growth is good growth.  Luckily I've collected over 25 &quot;bootleg&quot; concerts and I will always have those to jam to.  Dave, I'm sorry man but I'm just not buying into this &quot;mushroom cloud&quot; thing backed up by electric guitars.  If anyone sees a copy of Everyday laying on the side of the highway in rural Virginia, feel free to have it.
B0000032LS|5.0|Oh my goodness, is all I have to say...  This excellent recording is, quite literally, astounding.  Never in my life has a single film touched and moved me in such a way that I find myself singing its incredibly catchy tunes in the shower, on the bus, while trying to fall asleep at night.  These brain-children of the multi-talented Richard O'Brien are highly delectable indeed.<br /><br />Too young to have been around when this movie was new, I only discovered it in 1999.  From the first time I heard the amazing opener, SCIENCE FICTION/DOUBLE FEATURE, I knew this was a masterpiece with a lasting effect.  Then, as I made my way through this rest of this absolutely exceptional disc, I had pleasant surprise after pleasant surprise.<br /><br />The always fun DAMMIT JANET is a delightful tune to sing with a loved one.  Upbeat, with a positive message, it is magical.  The next tune, OVER AT THE FRANKENSTEIN PLACE, is not too bad either.  As a guy, I find it extremely difficult to go as high as Susan Sarandon when singing it but that doesn't stop me from trying!  The exciting verse sung by Riff Raff (\\"The darkness must go down the river of night's dreaming...\\") is a definite highlight of the entire film.  The next song is the world-famous one, the song that is a staple at parties, the song that people who've never seen the movie know all the words to: THE TIME WARP.  The general appeal of this song, I believe, stems out from its danceability and from its irrepressible happiness.  SWEET TRANSVESTITE introduces us to the wonder that is Dr. Frank-N-Furter, one of the most terrific fictional characters to ever grace our imaginations.  From his state of being manipulative to his emotional vulnerability to his sexual frustration, no one on this planet could have made him as believable as the marvelous Tim Curry.  We delve deeper into the realm of the sweet transvestite in the song I CAN MAKE YOU A MAN, in which he serenades his newly-created sex toy, Rocky.  Then, the always tender Meat Loaf (another slice, anyone?) makes his brief but shocking performance as Eddie in HOT PATOOTIE - BLESS MY SOUL before being offed by Frankie.  In the cute and not-quite-unpretentious TOUCH-A TOUCH-A TOUCH ME, Janet seduces Rocky through catchy song (she wants to be dirty...!).  Then the sweet and endearing Dr. Scott sings about his nephew and his troubled life in EDDIE (yes, THAT Eddie!) in what is perhaps the most instantly catchy song on this entire disc.  Which brings us to the (dare I say epic?) masterpiece, the definite highlight of the RHPS soundtrack, namely, the 8-minute ROSE TINT MY WORLD.  The quality of this song and the quality of the actors' performances never fail to astound me.  Divided into 3 sub-songs, this track is the one you'll want to put on \\"repeat\\" in your CD player.  To close this ethereal soundtrack are the appreciated SUPER HEROES (an ultimately deleted song from the movie) and a reprise of the opening number, followed by two bonus remixes of THE TIME WARP.<br /><br />Whether an old fan or a possible new follower, you must obtain this divine recording.  Modestly, it's quite good (as is evident throughout my lengthy paragraph of praise above).  Trust this regular Frankie fan: you will enjoy it!other slice, anyone?) makes his brief but shocking performance as Eddie in HOT PATOOTIE - BLESS MY SOUL before being offed by Frankie.  In the cute and not-quite-unpretentious TOUCH-A TOUCH-A TOUCH ME, Janet seduces Rocky through catchy song (she wants to be dirty...!).  Then the sweet and endearing Dr. Scott sings about his nephew and his troubled life in EDDIE (yes, THAT Eddie!) in what is perhaps the most instantly catchy song on this entire disc.  Which brings us to the (dare I say epic?) masterpiece, the definite highlight of the RHPS soundtrack, namely, the 8-minute ROSE TINT MY WORLD.  The quality of this song and the quality of the actors' performances never fail to astound me.  Divided into 3 sub-songs, this track is the one you'll want to put on \\"repeat\\" in your CD player.  To close this ethereal soundtrack are the appreciated SUPER HEROES (an ultimately deleted song from the movie) and a reprise of the opening number, followed by two bonus remixes of THE TIME WARP.    Whether an old fan or a possible new follower, you must obtain this divine recording.  Modestly, it's quite good (as is evident throughout my lengthy paragraph of praise above).  Trust this regular Frankie fan: you will enjoy it!
1891252089|5.0|This Practice Manual is The definitive guide to the Primary and Secondary Series of Ashtanga Yoga as taught by Sri K. Pattabhi Jois of Mysore. Clear illustrations of each pose accompany the text as well as pictures of two or three levels of modifications for new practitioners. The descriptions of the postures and the transitions are clear and concise and the book includes a wonderfully detailed description of perhaps the most difficult and frustrating part of ashtanga yoga: the vinyasa. <br />The hardcover and the excellent binding make it a true practice aid as it lies flat and is extremely durable.<br />A problem with any book that tries to describe and illustrate a flowing sequence is that it is limited to a static format. Swenson's video \\"Ashtanga Yoga, The Practice\\" is the perfect companion to the book as it provides 'life' to the descriptions and pictures of the book.<br />Should you take a class? Absolutely, if you live in an area where one is available to you. Otherwise this book is the next best option to attending one of Swenson's workshops where his side-splitting humor, dedication, and his teachings as one of the worlds top Ashtanga Yogis are on display. <br />Beryl Bender Birch's Power Yoga makes for an interesting read (if you can get past everything about her dogs and her personal life) as it contains some detail of the breath and the bandhas for beginners. However it is not Ashtanga Yoga as taught by Jois and omits several key postures.
B00002MHS1|5.0|This album is one of the greatest of several fine efforts from one of the most unique, talented and often overlooked bands of the late 60's/70's.  The jazz and folk influence that had always been hinted at in Traffic's earlier work become more apparent on &quot;John Barleycorn&quot; and the albums which followed it. Standout tracks are &quot;Glad,&quot; a jazz-rock instrumental with a terrific piano riff, &quot;Freedom Rider&quot; which continues in the same jam/fusion vein and the infectious, breezy groove of &quot;Empty Pages&quot;. The title track, with Chris Wood's gently haunting flute and Steve Winwood and Jim Capaldi's lovely harmonies is the most beautiful rendition of this folk song you will ever hear. Every cut on the original album is good, this is probably Traffic's most instantly enjoyable release (besides their self-titled 1968 album, another classic) - I would recommend it if you're just getting familiar with the band. Steve Winwood's vocals, of course, are fabulous. This album also proves what a great musician the late Chris Wood was, featuring some great electric sax and his spine-tingling flute soloing. The remastered version contains a number of bonus tracks. &quot;I Just Want You To Know,&quot; (a fairly pointless reprise of &quot;Empty Pages&quot;) and a ballad, &quot;Sittin Here...&quot; both sound like demo songs and probably are, as such they don't hold up as well as the other album cuts. The live tracks tacked on at the end include some mostly incoherent mumbling, doors slamming and other backstage ambience, followed by &quot;Who Knows..&quot; which doesn't quite have the spunk of the studio version, but it's nice to hear another version of such a great Traffic song. Lastly there is a pretty trippy extended version of &quot;Glad,&quot; which immediately segues into the opening chords of &quot;Freedom Rider&quot; and then we are rudely cut off and the CD ends! Kinda spoils the experience, considering there's still plently of space left on theCD for a few more live tracks. The CD booklet contains a not-particularly informative capsule history of Traffic. By far the best thing about the remastered CD (besides the sound quality) are the wonderful pictures of the band.
0684853523|5.0|This presentation is mostly a memoir with a treatise on writing thrown in, and will attract any fan of horror writer Stephen King. King's life, his penchant for horror, and his influences and intentions come alive in descriptions which welcome the reader into King's life and art. The final chapter, chronicling his fight for life and ability to walk again, is a moving conclusion and testimony to his life of life - and writing.
B000008LUN|5.0|I was 14 years old when I played this record for the first time in 1977.  I became an instant fan of Phil Mogg's vocals and Michael Schenker's guitar playing.  What a record!!!  I couldn't believe that something this rockin' could be collected and put on a piece of plastic.  It's no wonder that I started to learn how to play the guitar at 15...I suck at guitar now, but UFO will ALWAYS live on!!! If you are interested in 70's hard rock at all...I urge you to buy this record!!!
0788821075|5.0|I have seen the movie Pretty Woman several times.  For those of you that have not been fortunate enough to see the film, I will give you an overview of what it is about.   Julia Roberts (Vivian) plays a prostitute and Richard Gere (Edward) is a multi-millionaire that owns his own company.  Early in the movie, Edward picks Vivian up for one night.  As the show goes on, he has some business meetings for which he needs an escort, so he pays her 3,000 dollars to go with him.  She accepts the offer, of course.  The pair ends up falling in love, but he wants to get her a condo to stay in Beverly Hills while he goes back to New York (where he lives).  This does not go over well with Vivian, because she wanted someone who wanted to be with her all the time.  In the end, Edward shows up at her apartment with a rose and climbs up the stairs to rescue her just like she dreamed he would.   I like the fairy tale ending.  It reminds me that dreams can come true.  I still want to cry by the end even though I have seen the movie probably twenty five times and know it by heart.  A lot of guys would say that this is a \\"chick flick,\\" but I would have to disagree with them.  Every time I have watched the movie, my husband has watched it with me.   Pretty Woman, in my opinion, is the best movie ever made.  Julia Roberts and Richard Gere make a wonderful team.  She was a convincing prostitute and played her role perfectly.  As did Gere. They bring out the best in each other's acting abilities, which is why the film is as timeless today as it was during its release in 1990.
B00004XPPE|4.0|I wonder how many years we would have waited for Director Sidney Lumet's FAIL SAFE to be released in the DVD standard if the 2000 remake hadn't be shot. Holy Mysteries of the global economic laws, I suppose ! But, let's stop the sarcasms and enjoy this black and white political-fiction drama adapted by Walter Bernstein  -one of the numerous talented screenplay writers Hollywood put on the &quot;black&quot; list during the fifties- from a best-selling novel.<br />Sidney Lumet and John Frankenheimer directed in the early sixties some of the most powerful serious movies of the period and FAIL SAFE hasn't lost its impact for the 2001 audience. Contemporary TV networks offer us by the dozens political debates permitting to serious university professors to expose their personal theories about nuclear wars and limited strikes while they enjoy their drinks in the cozyness of the studio. In this perspective, Walter Matthau's character has got an extraordinary prophetic dimension. Just see his apocalyptical show, at the really beginning of FAIL SAFE, in front of an hypnotized audience. Matthau's performance is one to be remembered.<br />The special edition of this DVD also offers a commentary track recorded by Sydney Lumet as well as a featurette with interviews of Lumet, Bernstein and interesting comparisons between FAIL SAFE and Stanley Kubrick's DR. STRANGELOVE. In my opinion, the tension produced by FAIL SAFE is more powerful than the black humor of Kubrick's movie. You won't feel good after FAIL SAFE's ending.<br />Henry Fonda is as always exceptional and Larry Hagman's performance -as the translator- very sensible. In short, FAIL SAFE is a must if you are interested in the american film production of the sixties or in good political fictions.<br />A DVD zone badaboom.
B00005614N|5.0|as the amazon reviewer indicates, this summit meeting occurred at a high point for both mr. ellington and mr. armstrong. this set is as ebullient as anything armstrong ever did and ellington is at his best in swinging graciousness. the small group allows for the two main stars to really shine. armstrong gives some of his strongest solos of this time period (check out in particular &quot;it don't mean a thing&quot;, the blues drenched work on &quot;mood indigo&quot;, and the slow depth of &quot;i got it bad&quot;). ellington plays with style, but also shows glimpses of the same modernistic genius revealed on other sets from the early 60s-- MONEY JUNGLE with max roach and charles mingus and DUKE ELLINGTON AND JOHN COLTRANE come to mind. this set has the feel of two old friends swapping songs in the family parlor around the piano. all songs are standards, but given loving treatment and some subtle changes to bring out nuances of the songs. the support is great (trummy young on trombone, barney bigard on clarinet, mort herbert on bass, and danny barcelona on drums) with young and bigard adding some excellent solos of their own. this summit lives up to its billing capturing two giants of jazz in top form really enjoying one another's company.
B000056K04|5.0|Wonder why Dave was NEVER on the radio? It was because none of the band's major albums ever came close to achieving that mainstream pop-rock appeal as this one will. Like a fine wine,the DMB of past was an acquried taste, but this album appeals to hardcore DMB fans, and will surely get all those younger kids (meaning not the Gen-Xer's) jumping on the Dave-wagon in no time.  This will be a refreshing change of pace for all of us used to the &quot;old Dave&quot; whose drifting, cutting voice finally finds a home in the edgy &quot;I Did It&quot; and &quot;What You Are&quot;.  I predict at least three songs being regularly played on the radio and making the charts: &quot;I Did It&quot;, &quot;The Space Between,&quot; and possibly (I hope)&quot;So Right.&quot;  This might be wishful thinking, but Dave has really done it this time--he is truly a musical genius!
031286504X|5.0|\\"I Am Legend\\" consists ot the title novella and several short stories, spanning the life career of Richard Matheson. Snip: (...)
B00004X0Q0|1.0|This has to be the most overrated, overhyped, talentless bandin the world. At the drive in is one talentless band. They clearly[replicate]  their stage antics and hair styles from the great MC5.
B000003TAR|5.0|Nevermind is the greatest album of the last 25 years, but In Utero is n not far behind.  This album proves Cobain's incredible genius and his wilingness to experiment and change while still infusing the  igrediants which set Nirvana apart from the other great grunge bands of the day.  His ability to write songs with the catchiness of a Beatle track, and the sheer rawness which made them punk icons is displayd throughout this album better than any other Nirvana album including the ingenius Nevermind.  Bleach was a young Nirvana with lots of talent but not yet refined.  In Utero was the complete Nirvana LP. The albums musical range is amazing.  From the dirty, punk rawness of tourette's, to the beautifully crafted pop-rock sound of Heart-shaped Box, Cobain laid all cards on the table and said this is Nirvana.   This album is one of if not the most emotional grunge album ever with tear jerking songs such as All Apologies and the incredibly powerful Pennroyal Tea.  Rape Me is a cry of anger well constructd into a rather catchy song that if not for the controversy (from the misintrpretation of the lyrics' meaning) could have been released as an A side single.  Nevermind was a band maturing, In Utero is a band all grown up.
B00004Z459|4.0|I love the rap/metal surge that has taken over the music scene. This CD is fun. This is for the fans who really don't like Limp Bizkit, but enjoy this style of music. This album is much better than Papa Roach's &quot;Infest&quot;. Sorry Papa Roach fans! I love the hits, &quot;Broken Home&quot; and &quot;Last Resort&quot;, but the rest of the album is repetitive. Try something new, pick up this Album, you might really like it, I did!
B000056K04|5.0|Two months ago I heard the new single, &quot;I Did It&quot;, and I thought to myself, &quot;It sounds ok, but what happened to Dave?&quot;  Then I heard it again, and again, and again, and something happened.  I still thought the song wasn't all that great, but I did think it had something new - something fresh.  Bearing this in mind, I was still aprehensive about the new CD; as a longtime fan of the DMB I was afraid that the CD was going to be a collection of OK songs ala &quot;I Did It.&quot;  Then, on Saturday, February 24, I tuned into Saturday Night Live and was blown away by the soon to be released single &quot;The Space Between&quot;.  After hearing one of best songs I had ever heard my heart and my mind could only think of one thing: February 27 - the release date of the new CD.<br />I knew Dave and the Gang had made something special with &quot;The Space Between&quot;, but I was not prepared for what I heard when I finally got my hands on the new CD.  EVERYDAY just plain rocks, and all you loyal Dave fans can rest assured that this CD may quite possibly be the DMB's best album to date.  For all of those still detered by &quot;I Did It&quot;, also rest assured that every other song on the CD is better than &quot;I Did It&quot;.  Speaking of the other songs, they are some of the DMB's best, there can be no doubting that.<br />For those that still question the new sound, just take a trip in time back to 1998, when BEFORE THESE CROWDED STREETS was released.  Remember all the worry about it being a &quot;radical departure.&quot;  It was a radical departure, but is there any Dave fan that doesn't absolutely love BEFORE THESE CROWDED STREETS?  And for those still ambivalent because of &quot;I Did It&quot;, wait for &quot;The Space Between&quot; to get airplay; I'll guarantee that you'll be hooked.
B000006293|4.0|Recorded in 1968, Woldike's St. Matthew Passion is a performance very much of its' time, which is not necessarily a bad thing. The Vanguard recording is good but not great; the singers and chorus are forwardly placed relative to the orchestra...more so than suits my taste. However, the singing is very good and the orchestral work is even better. Woldike's tempos are moderate, not nearly as slow as Klemperer and not nearly as fast as, say, Max. Well done on all counts and for those who love this Passion, a version you can return to comfortably time after time.
B000003TA4|5.0|How could any true music listener ever put this album down or berate it?  This album is pure musical genius.  The lyrics are great though not quite as good as In Utero and the musical harmony is impeccable!  Cobain is not the best guitarist of all time but his playing style was very influential in its own right. Smells Like Teen Spirit has been put down by some &quot;true Nirvaa fans&quot; because of its catchiness, but I consider myself a true fan and stll find the song brilliant today despite being overplayed. The song was the beginning of a new day in music and the  message it presented was well written.  The song is catchy, but did not pander to rock radio, it was just too good not to  catch on.  There is not one single bad or mediocre song on that album.  The production was thought of as being too glossy by many punk fanatics, but that was what helped bring about the grunge scene and kill bands like Guns 'N Roses.  Nevermind showed that Cobain could write songs that were so good that the average Backstreet Boy fan could enjoy it (though this is not necessarily a good thing) while on the other hand a true music fan and musician could be held in awe with it's lyrical genius and fresh sound.  In Bloom is my favorite song lyrically on this album.  The music draws in shallow fans that also  enjoy New Kids on the Block because it is so catchy, but it allows for us true music fans who understand the song and  the band to sit back and snicker as the airheads shake their heads and sing the hook line along with the band not knowing the true meaning of the song though they are sure they do. come As You Are and Lithium are great compliments to  Teen Spirit and the Come As You Are video is pure grunge and instantly transports me back to 1992 with its dark feel.  Though the A side is outstanding, it's the B side that makes this ALBUM one of the best. This side is awesome and almost as good as the first side.  Drain You, Lounge Act, and On a Plain could have been released assingles as well.  Teritorial Pissings and Stay away are dripping with punk while Something in the Way is the perfect finisherfor an album which begins with heavy Teen  Spirit. This album is the best album ofthe past 25 years and if you are tired of posers such as Limp Bizkit and rip offs such as Creed, hop into the time machine known as Nevermind and take a ride back to 1992 when music was good, original, and the lyrics actually meant something.  This album is a must have for true rock fans.  <br />Also check out In Utero.  It is on the same playing field as  Nevermind, but the lyrics are deeper.
B00005AR3G|5.0|When I first heard about this movie I wasn't to excited about it. It looked and seemed to be worthless and idiotic. I Had a feeling it was going to be In the runner up postion on the list of worst disney movies ever made, right behind Pocohontas. Which was Disney's worst. But when I was forced to see this movie with my Siblings and little cousins. I decided right away to change it right to the disneys best list. As I watched it it was beating its way to the top of the list and made it. The Emperors New Groove is the best and funniest Disney movie EVER. One thing that I absolutely loved about this movie is there was only one song and that was left to appear only in the beginning. THANK YOU GOD. I always dispised Disney for the irritating songs that the charachters sang in their movies. It always takes away from the story and the laughs Which The Emperors New Groove never stops delivering. It may have not had the most evil villian, But it served up the best Henchmen ever to hit the Screen and His name is Kronk voiced by new comer Patrick Warburton. Another great thing is there is no stupid romance, Disney dispences that for good old fashion comedy. But the clincher in this movie is the teaming of David Spade and John Goodman, their characters Kuzco and Pacha are the funniest duo since Jay and Silent Bob. On top of the endless laughs and great ability not to use more than one song the movie adds a great chase to end the movie. All in all this is the BEST Disney movie EVER!
B000050HTO|5.0|compilations never do an artist justice. especially this artist. if you own the majority or all of dylan's albums don't complain about this compilation, don't even bother with a review. these things are made for the new fan and the casual listener. there is absolutely nothing wrong with the selection here for the new fan. there is plenty for you to sample. if you like what you hear then by all means continue to explore what dylan has to offer and dig deeper into his catalog but this is as good a place to start as any for the first timer.
B000006TZ8|5.0|Just before this album was made the Jam were in the studio trying to pull together a collection that would eventually become the third album - coming of the back of a less than impressive 'Modern World' Chris Parry (who signed the Jam) apparently wandered in one day and said &quot;This is s...&quot;... They abandoned what they had recorded.  Feeling understandably low Paul went back to Woking, Surrey to his mum and dads where he composed most of this album.  A batch of work released in 1978 that still today remains an accurate snapshot of England during the time.  'Down in the Tube Station' was meant to be a short TV play that fitted into a 3 minute slot, the picture is vivid.  'Mr Clean' gives us a clear understanding of Wellers attitude to the class structure in the UK at the time, 'English Rose' presents some relief from the anger and energy of a brilliant work.  What more can I say, I don't believe Paul has ever sung like this since.  Almost as if this album was cathartic and necessary for him.
0064471837|5.0|Sabriel is one of the best fantasies I've read, and I read a lot. I've seen many reviews in here that say the plot was weak, the characters were unfeeling, and so on, but none of it's true. Sabriel is a typical teenaged girl who only has a father and is about to graduate from school. Her father visits on every full moon but not this time. Suddenly, you are plunged into a world of fast paced magic and evil. Sabriel must hurry to rescue her father but along the way she realizes that the magic she used at school is not the same in the real world. This is a great book and I would highly reccomend this to everyone, as I have already reccomended it to everyone I know!!
B000056N8X|4.0|Endgame has really taken a beating by critics and reviewers alike for everything from Higlander-immortal story/origin/legend inconsistencies to the lack of the dvd version maintaining same integral story elements faithful to the theatrical release (different ending, etc.). I don't care about such technical and trivial things when the acting and action for this type of film goes beyond my expectations. Adrian Paul has come along way with his skill,craft, and talent for the martial arts and swordsmanship. He's not the same actor when first introduced through the syndicated and now defunct Highlander t.v. series almost 10 years ago.The Duncan character is not the same either. Both are more mature and the incredible knowledge Paul brings to the screen in his expertise in the martial arts is not just entertaining but exciting. He exemplifies true showmanship. Lambert's not so shabby himself as Connor despite his character's weary and tired disposition on the whole immortal take. Actress Lisa Barbuscia adds that sexy feminine smoldering touch as Faith/Kate and serves as a counterpoint to all the macho adrenaline characters and semi-brutal fight sequences. You could say she's the pearl in the rough sea.Her serious and intelligent demeanor add the strength that was lacking with previous Highlander female characters in both the t.v. series and theatrical releases. She's intelligence,strength, and beauty all in one neat package...<br />The only problem was the all-too-simplistic plot or main story which is practically no different than what we were used to seeing on the t.v series;How to get rid of an evil pesky immortal pest who's as arrogant as he is deadly !And there's always one immortal who's more evil and potent than the other (the there's-always-a-bigger-fish theory).Also, there is much symbolism in the film dealing with religion and power. The three silver crosses embedded into the back heel of the evil Kell's shoes to me signified that Kell in the middle cross thought of himself as an all powerful God-like undeafeatable figure while the crosses on each side of the middle one signified Connor and Duncan as nothing more than powerless opponents.  It's the cinematic and scenic historical flashbacks, the introduction of Connor's mother, and other minor subplots or unexpected story elements of surprise that also save the film...In the end, there can only be one decent ending (or two, if you've seen both theatrical and dvd versions like me)...
0061020680|4.0|Death is so cool! Of course, it's not all about Mort and love and stuff, but mostly because Mort makes a mistake in reality that he has to fix. And Death takes a vacation now that Mort's doing most of THE DUTY, as Death calls it. He goes to parties, gambles, gets drunk, and get a job at a food place. And there's a Rincewind cameo!<br />It's a funny book, but it's also very sweet.
0440178002|5.0|A very next day after &quot;Shogun&quot; suddenly came to my mind (I realised I never finished it before),the book was looking at me from the shelves in the bookshop.As most of 131 rewievers before me noticed,this exceptional book is so masterfuly written that at the end of the last page (1210 in my edition) I was deeply saddened that there is no sequel.I dont agree with readers who are taking this book too seriously and criticise details about life in medieval Japan:if you cannot let yourself go and simply enjoy great novel,then books are not for you.Not just that I spend sleepless night while reading this book,it was entertaining and subtly educational,as I didnt know much about life in Japan before,and could easy imagine picture.And Clawell,with his background,knows about Japan much,much more than ordinary reader.
0679879269|5.0|The adventures of Lyra and Will are further continued in the 3rd and last book in the His Dark Material trilogy. In this one, Lyra and Will travel to the underground world of the dead, and to a battlefield filled with races of all kinds, heavenly and humanly. In this, we learn about Lord Asriel's struggle against...get this...God. The war against God starts and ends in this book. The ending to this book kind of depressed me since I grew fond of the characters in the other 2, but it is a great ending and a great book none the less.
B000002NAK|5.0|I Think that all Evita's fans will love this CD because the orchestra here is superb. Madonna plays the role very well as Pryce and Banderas do. A CD you can hear 1000 times and still love it!
B000056K04|1.0|bad very bad   i suppose they have been smoking too much of the funny stuff?  he does say  &quot;i did it&quot;
B000056K04|5.0|This is totally unlike Dave Matthews.  I have been following the band now since their first release 8 years ago, and I must say, this is completly different from their 3 other studio albums.  With new innovations in his music, such as the baritone and electric guitar, Dave transformed his music from a folk, Grateful Dead state, back to a true Rock and Roll atmosphere.  Yet, his ecclectic play and his truly meaningful words still ring true.  Though it does take some time for any true Matthews fan to get used to, this album will quickly become your favorite.  You will truly see what a band you already thought so much of was truly capable of.  Whether it be the norm from old Dave albums such as &quot;If I Had It All&quot;, to the up-beat tempo driven hit &quot;I Did It&quot;, to the choirlike, melodoic song &quot;Everyday&quot;, to new sounds of charismatic music and true feeling, mixed with less, but what truly ends up being more harmony from the other instruments, in what is probably the best song on the album, &quot;The Space Between&quot;.  <br />Plain and simple.  If you are a Dave Matthews fan from before, buy this, you will by no means be disappointed.  If you never liked Dave's old style, because it was too folky, buy this album, it is rock and roll in its purest form, a form which sadly is starting to fade from music now-a-days.
B000056K04|5.0|My wife and I are already addicted. Even my cat seems to be getting into the groove! Great vocals, great music, excellent rhythm.
B000007MVU|4.0|I have to admit, I couldn't stand this album when it first came out-now, 30 years later I love it!  Ringos voice is pretty well suited to all these songs-and all of them are quite good with the weakest track being &quot;Love is a many splendoured thing&quot; This is definitely not a &quot;Beatles&quot; record, but Ringo deserves credit for a job well done in performance and song selection.  I just purchased this cd recently-and my 70 year old mother loved it as well-even singing along with Ritchie!   Now she wants a copy.  (If memory serves me right-I gave my original record of this away-I disliked it that much at the time-ahh the folly of youth)
B000059TPN|2.0|How is it that this director of summer shoot-'em-up blockbuster fare has managed to have not one, but TWO of his films (the other being &quot;Armageddon - Criterion Collection&quot;) accepted into the exclusive Criterion family, a label typically reserved for &quot;important classic and contemporary films&quot;?<br />Granted, &quot;The Rock&quot; was enjoyable.  With cheesy dialogue like &quot;I'll take pleasure in guttin' you, boy!&quot; and &quot;I drive a Volvo--a beige one&quot;, what's not to like?  And, rest assured, Criterion will make this one look gorgeous.  All those explosions in downtown San Francisco, not to mention Sean Connery's fiery dive through the furnace once on the Rock will look fantastic, especially after you've adjusted your TV's color settings with the color bars Criterion will most certainly include on the DVD.  <br />You'll thrill to the car chases in San Francisco, as Sean Connery pilots a stolen Humvee with reckless abandon!  You'll gasp as Nicolas Cage, who does a masterful job of playing Nicolas Cage, narrowly escapes a doomed Ferrari F355 from a hurtling, derailed streetcar!  You'll shudder as Ed Harris' mercenaries gun down an entire Seal team in the Alcatraz shower room (all except, that is, Sean and Nicolas, who then manage to overtake a battalion of money-hungry assassins by distracting them with lines like, &quot;Hi, my name's Stanley Goodspeed.  Glass or plastic?&quot;)!  <br />Yeah, this will be fantastic.  Meticulous lines recreated in Criterion-perfect subtitles.  They may even feature foreign subtitles, thereby making &quot;The Rock&quot; an international masterpiece.  Probably some deleted scenes....that means more cheesy dialogue!  And audio?  Guaranteed!  Nothing but the best.  The problem is, unfortunately, that you've seen it all before.  If not, you probably saw it the following summer, only it was called &quot;Con Air&quot;.<br />I suppose Criterion, in their efforts to represent all genres of the film spectrum, mustnot overlook the high-budget summer blockbuster.  In this regard, &quot;The Rock&quot; satisfies, even if the material is recycled and touched up with new, stupendous dialogue.  Any film purist will appreciate the care which Criterion will apply to this print, as they apply to every other movie under their discriminating title.  For some people, that's enough.<br />There you go--I've defeated my own argument.  Put me down for a copy.  Kudos to Michael Bay and his boys for doing it again.
B000056K04|3.0|I'm a little disappointed with this album.  It is undeniable that Dave Matthews can write lyrics.  It is absolutely true that the band, as an ensemble, and as individuals, is extraordinarily talented.  There is no question that this band has soul.  However, this album does not reflect these characteristics nearly as well as previous albums.  None of the songs are over five minutes long, I assume so they could be played on radio without being cut off.  You hardly hear Boyd or LeRoi at all.  Dave's singing is outstanding as usual, but it feels as if he's been muted a bit.  I think the influence of Glen Ballard is significantly obvious here and I do believe it is for the worse.  I'm praying their next album will strive to return to the more organic and soulful sounds of Before These Crowded Streets and Crash.
B000056K04|2.0|Unfortunately, Everyday is overly produced.  Dave Matthews said this album was &quot;about the band&quot;, but the band has lost it's raw edge and appeal and doesn't sound as distinct as it once did.  Dave's voice seems to get cluttered in all the band noise, which is electric guitar laden and has lost it's distinct, acoustical sound and has gone to a more pop or hazy electric guitar sound.  You won't hear a single Boyd violin solo, acoustical guitar gets lost in the haze and Dave's voice is not heard as prominently as it once was...I guess because this album is, &quot;about the band&quot;.
B000056K04|5.0|I have always been a fan of Dave Matthews and was delighted to hear that was going to finally release Everyday. When I heard it I was in awe of such a person that could create such beautiful music. It struck a chord the melody,his voice,and his lyrics. By far Dave Matthews blows any other band out of the water.The cd is well worth any price.
6304416415|5.0|Having this video for about twelve years, I hadn't watched it since recently, and I just had to write a review on it. This movie is a intriguing blend of comedy, science fiction, fantasy, and a bit of romance (when Amy falls for Russell). This movie also shows unique views like what the grass and floors are like when you're 1/4 of an inch tall and teamwork between the neighbors and what Moranis does to look for his kids. Entertaining, and I enjoy watching every bit of it. Rated PG for peril and mild violence.
0788815490|2.0|The movie is great but if you're buying it to own a high-quality, pristine copy to watch over and over again, you'll be disappointed.<br />The DVD image is covered with white specks, dust, and long hairs.  They appear every second or two and are very noticeable even at full-speed.  I would expect a VHS tape to have better image quality than this.<br />In addition, I couldn't get the &quot;special features&quot; menu to work on two of my DVD players (although one of my friends has no problem).  This continued even after I exchanged the disc for a new one.<br />If you absolutely must own this movie on DVD, then you have no other choice.  But for the others, I would warn that this disc does not nearly match the quality of the other 95% of...discs available.
B000056K04|2.0|This CD takes a big leap from what I like most about this band. What I like most about their past music (though I did not like every song on Before These Crowded Streets either) was their free yet very different sounds and song arrangements, with interesting and flowing lyrics. Songs like Dancing Nancies, Crash Into Me, Jimi Thing, Lie In Our Graves, Best Of What's Around, #41, and of course Say Goodbye are my favorites, and compared to those, Everyday is very different. <br />The songs don't have the acoustic sound that they used to work with. The songs seem like they are written for Jewel or Sting instead of this band that has been so original that they should have no outside influence. It seems there's too much influence of pop music in CD. I'm not against the band being played on the radio of course. But the band changed the style that made them so great to many people to get played on the radio, and I don't like it. The lyrics are pretty drab, nothing that equals past songs. They are shallow and just attempts to rhyme the words to me, and are very jagged. <br />No song on this CD fits in with my old favorites by the band. The songs aim for vocal hooks (that Dave Matthews can't do like Sting) instead of slow break-down jams in the middle of songs that never get old. The instrumentation is a lot different too. Instead of building songs with always-changing sounds, the songs have very repetitive riffs that every other band does out there like Matchbox 20 etc. Frankly I can't listen to my old DMB songs and these new songs with the same mentality, and that's the big problem to me. But, if Dave Matthews got his kicks off it then it's worth my money, I mean at least he thought it was a good idea to change. <br />This CD seems too manufactured and structured to me, and it goes against the style I liked in the band. Relatively good songs are: The Space Between, Sleep To Dream Her, Everyday, Dreams Of Our Fathers, but none of those compares with so many great past songs.My recommendation is to go buy Under The Table &amp; Dreaming, Crash, or Live At Luther College (one of the best CDs I've EVER heard), to know what this band used to be and what this CD makes them look like. This CD makes them look more and more like just another modern rock band... Sad. (And what's up with no concert in Ohio?)
B00004Z459|5.0|I was pleased with every song on this cd. Although the tone of this cd is somewhat depressing, there is a variety of types of songs, and all and all this is one of the best cd's that i now own. Linkin Park Rules!
044022165X|5.0|I always enjoy John Grisham's books, but this one had a much &quot;lighter&quot; tone to it while still dealing with an incredibly sad situation.  I liked the dry humor and, of course, Rudy Baylor was just a really personable fellow.  Some of John Grisham's books deal with one major subject and others, like this one, have numerous subplots going on as well.  I just found this to be an excellent book on all levels.
B000056K04|4.0|As a devoted DMB fan, I have to admit Everyday has a tendency to make one apprehensive about the new edge to the band.  However, after sinking into the music it is clear that the creative abilities of the band are alive and well.  This studio release does not possess the standard acoustic guitar, sax, violin, base, and drum sound accustomed in their preceding albums.  But, neither did Live at Luther College.  DMB is making some personal musical breakthroughs with this latest effort, listening to the lyrics, chords, and instruments it is clear that the best is yet to come.  Buy this album, imagine what it will sound like live with an acoustic guitar and enjoy.
0440234743|4.0|I have read many of John Grisham's books, liked some of them, loved some.  This book was a change of scenery.  Being a &quot;back to nature&quot; person myself, I enjoyed reading about how people in the absolute far corners of the world live.  Sending someone from &quot;our world&quot; into this primitive land made it even more interesting.  Here is a person who thought he could not live without cell phones and fax machines and computers and suddenly he comes face to face with a woman who has no interest in wordly possessions, not even when she discovers she is the heiress to a fortune.
B00003CWPR|4.0|Most agree that this film was directed wonderfully, and I find it to be quite artistic. Everyone interested in film should see this movie just for the images.<br />The story had great potential, but the ending was almost an anti-climax. This movie has much in common with Magnolia; both look great, both are anti-climactic. This story is slightly better than Magnolia, and is obviously directed better. If you've seen Magnolia and you like it, you'll probably like this.
0385470819|4.0|It is quite obvious the black father is guilty of murder.  But was he justified?  The two cruds that he murdered raped, tortured, and attempted to kill his young daughter.  But, as Grisham shows in his story, the &quot;problem&quot; is, regardless of whether these men deserved to die or not, it was a case of a black man killing white men and in those days, that just could not happen!  Throughout the book, you are rooting for the father and hope that justice prevails.  I'll let you read it for yourself to see if it does.  A good book!
0345440757|3.0|I have found this book to be a cross between Babywise and What to Expect the First Year.  The principles introduced are more detailed in other parenting books available so if you think Tracy's ideas are &quot;novel&quot; you will get more information from other sources.  <br />I had great expectations (and read the book from cover-to-cover) from all the media coverage Ms. Hogg received.  When I  finally finished I had a &quot;not-so-satisfied&quot; feeling.  I found the book to be quite average.
0446677450|4.0|If you are looking for a book with step by step instructions to wealth this is not it. <br />Rich Dad, Poor Dad guides you through the thought process of the wealthy. Simple steps the poor and middle class have over looked or simply have never been taught.<br />If you are not where you want to be financially at this stage in your life and you are open to a different way of thinking about money and employment, this is THE BOOK for you.<br />I would recommend this book to everyone. Although some lessons are repeated throughout the book and at times they may seem elementary, these are the steps most people leave out when trying to accomplish financial freedom. <br />The second book Cashflow Quadrant goes into a bit more detail about investing in particular areas.
B000002MFN|5.0|Forget every bad thing you've heard about Erotica. It's not true! Erotica is Madonna's second best album (behind the passionate Like A Prayer). Erotica explores the limits between love and sexuality. You're in for a real roller coaster. This is one of Madonna's most underappreciated albums (behind I'm Breathless). The only downer of the album,and the reason Like A Prayer is better is the song Did You Do It?, shouldn't even be on here! Word of advice: by the clean version, Did You Do It? isn't on there. Realeased in 1992, at the same time of her highly controversial Sex book, and the realease of film Body Of Evidence, reviewers were tempted to review the whole &quot;event&quot; intsead of focusing on the tunes. Reviewers tripped over themselves when they were unsure about THEIR OWN opinions! Here are how the tracks rate from 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding)<br />1. Erotica: The controversial song &amp; video that started it all. One of her finest works. 10++++<br />2. Fever: A great take on the original. 10++++<br />3. Bye Bye Baby: The best song on the album! 10++++<br />4. Deeper Deeper: One of Madonna's best songs! 10+++<br />5. Where Life Begins: A good song. It is extra crispy. 10<br />6. Bad Girl: The 2nd best on the album. Her most underrated single. 10++++<br />7. Waiting: Ok song. 9++++<br />8. Thief Of Hearts: One of her meanest songs. 10+<br />9. Words: A cornerstone on the album. 10<br />10. Rain: Great ballad. 10<br />11. Why's It So Hard: Ok song, good beat. 9++<br />12. In This Life: A really sad song. 10+++<br />13. Did You Do It?: Her worst song. She doesn't even sing it! 7++<br />14. Secret Garden: One of her lyrical cornerstone. 10<br />Overall Grade: A+ (10++)
B000002LGA|5.0|This is the &quot;hidden treasure&quot; of the 80's, for anyone who likes music with a message.  Even if you don't look for messages, there's some great raving rockers here!  <br />Song for song, the lyrics reveal an incredible landscape of social, political, economic, and more musings.  New York City, the greatest city in the world, is used as a city representative of the world in all these facets.  The spoken word is definitely the strength on this album, although I enjoy some of the guitar riffs as well.    <br />True, if you're into gimmicky music or sing-along pop, you'll find nothing like that here.  (Although I enjoy singing along to &quot;Strawman&quot; and &quot;There is no time&quot;).  But if you just sit and listen to the words, you'll be drawn in.  It may take you a few listens to start to appreciate it, that's what happened with me.  As you listen more and more, you start to piece together what is being said and come to a full understanding . <br />It's definitely not a feelgood album!  Bitter, sarcastic, accusing, very blunt . . .no parables here!    Straight and to the point.  At times even dryly humorous.  You'll hear preachings on issues such as racism, wealth, greed, and violence to name just a few. <br />If you appreciate quality music and don't have this, get it.  It's a classic!
0783239408|5.0|After seeing a lot of negative reviews it doesn't surprise me a bit. I think that most take things too literal and don't realize and appreciate a good metaphor. The only minor quibble I have is that of Chris Cooper's character being a latent homosexual (too stereotypical and played like revenge...), but it didn't detract from this great film, in my opinion. <br />I suspected from outset that there would be many who would hate this film and consider it trash. Unfortunately, there are too many of us who expect to just sit back and be entertained. And when a film comes along that forces us to examine ourselves we balk. Alan Ball said it best when he stated that we spend most of our lives thinking about life and our personal situation, yet few films ever get made that do that. Too bad. The masses get their &quot;Independance Day&quot; fodder and the few of us, who get it, will take films like &quot;American Beauty,&quot; as a testament of the real independance!
B000002IFP|4.0|A great album from Mick and band. I bought this album a few weeks after I bought &quot;Blue&quot; which I loved. I like &quot;Blue&quot; though slightly better, but this one is still very good. All songs are good, no filler. I particularly like the cover of &quot;If you don't know me by now&quot;, as well as the title song. The spoken words before the song &quot;More&quot; are kinda interesting, in a funny kind of way. What they have to do with the song though, I'm not sure. But anyway, this is a very good album and the 12 page booklet contains all lyrics and photos of the band.
B00004TJTS|3.0|In plot, `My Dog Skip' offers a pretty standard-issue `a boy and his dog' tale - but at least it doesn't talk down to its core preteen audience. It also provides a finely textured portrait of its wartime, small town Mississippi setting.<br />Based upon the memoirs of writer Willie Morris, `My Dog Skip' stars the wonderful child actor Frankie Muniz (the delightful star of TV's `Malcolm in the Middle') as a friendless nine-year-old misfit whose mother buys him a puppy for his birthday to help assuage his loneliness. More fond of reading than of football, young Willie becomes the hapless target of the town bullies and Skip provides him with just the right note of friendship to help him through his trying times. The cast of characters also includes Willie's well meaning but overprotective war hero father (sensitively played by Kevin Bacon), his loving and supportive mother (the fine actress Diane Lane), the boy-next-door town hero (Luke Wilson) who turns out to be less than one on the battlefield, and a band of moon shiners who figure into the climactic activities of the film's final half.<br />`My Dog Skip' is less noteworthy for its plotting - which often seems forced, obvious and melodramatic - than for its overall tone of laid back charm. Muniz in particular brings such an aura of subtle naturalism to his role as Willie that we easily overlook the film's overall lack of originality. Actually, the fact that Willie seems like such a likeable regular kind of a kid undercuts the film's credibility a little. We find it hard to believe that he would really be such an outcast from his peers. The writer, Gail Gilchriest, and director, Jay Russell, manage to keep the sentimentality down to a minimum, though the film does get a bit goopy once in a while. The moonshining subplot seems especially weak and unconvincing, a pale but underdeveloped echo of `Huck Finn,' a book Morris obviously worshipped as a child (we see him receiving a hardbound copy of it for his birthday). On the positive side, the filmmakers resist the temptation to gussy up the narrative with either highbrow humanitarian messages (though the narration does become a bit portentous at times) or insulting lowbrow comic slapstick. The issue of race relations is dealt with in somewhat glossy and unrealistic terms, but that is probably the appropriate choice for a film aimed at such a young audience.<br />`My Dog Skip' needs to be viewed on two levels - as a beautifully acted but unsurprising version of a tale adults have seen countless times before - and as a sweet, heartwarming and edifying film for young children who will be able to identify with many of the simple themes found in the narrative. On that level alone, `My Dog Skip' scores high as ideal family viewing.the positive side, the filmmakers resist the temptation to gussy up the narrative with either highbrow humanitarian messages (though the narration does become a bit portentous at times) or insulting lowbrow comic slapstick. The issue of race relations is dealt with in somewhat glossy and unrealistic terms, but that is probably the appropriate choice for a film aimed at such a young audience. <br />`My Dog Skip' needs to be viewed on two levels - as a beautifully acted but unsurprising version of a tale adults have seen countless times before - and as a sweet, heartwarming and edifying film for young children who will be able to identify with many of the simple themes found in the narrative. On that level alone, `My Dog Skip' scores high as ideal family viewing.
B000002VSN|5.0|I have never seen the movie of this soundtrack, so cannot say how it rates compared to that. But I do know that this is a terrific inspirational, feel-good album. Featuring great gospel and r&amp;b songs, as well as a great song, &quot;Step by Step&quot; which was written by Annie Lennox. It appears here in its original form, as well as in a remix version. This album is guaranteed to lift your spirits when you're feeling in a down mood, and Whitney has never sounded better. The booklet features some photos from the film. I am not an overly religious person, but I do love this album...and anything that can really make me feel good, is ok with me.
B00003CXFV|5.0|This is simply one of the best films I've ever seen!!! And I know what I'm talking about, 'cause I've seen A LOT (!!) because I have a great knowledge about films and I'm a huge fanatic of everything that has to with it! When I see a movie a consider acting, screenplay, directing, music, editing, cast and the basic plot! Ant when it comes to this movie - EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT!! &quot;Everyday is winding road&quot; is a perfect title song for this movie as well as Thomas Newman's music!!  Julia Roberts...she has done it again! She acts so originally and so well that I'm amazed EVERY TIME I see her!!  This role was made for her, because I don't think any other actress would have done this so well performed as Julia did! <br />There are different meanings about this film, and I can understand that because of the language and that it is based on a true story. But why can't you just admit that there are good and fantastic films even don't YOU like them...!  &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot; is one of them: it's a FANTASTIC film with one BRILLIANT cast and an EXCLUSIVE screenplay, and not to mention the director Steven Soderbergh who does the incredible!! <br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
6300214044|5.0|I hadn't heard much about The Elephant Man until I came across some reviews and I found myself intrigued. I am able to admit that The Elephant Man is one of the few films that made me shed a tear, and is a stunning, thought-provoking and underrated picture that deserved a much bigger audience than it got.<br />Based on the true story of John Merrick (John Hurt), a 19th-century Englishman afflicted with a disfiguring congenital disease. With the help of kindly Dr. Frederick Treves (Anthony Hopkins), Merrick attempts to regain the dignity he lost after years spent as a side-show freak.<br />It's very easy to feel sorry and love for John Merrick, and it is very easy to feel hate for the people who tortured him, and this really shows us that this film is able to display a heap of emotions and do in a brilliant and amazing way. Personally, I found Merrick much more beautiful than the people who laughed and made fun of him, because his heart and soul was so much in the right place that it made you believe his appearance was also, even though he seemed deformed, he was really just normal. Dr. Frederick Treves is portrayed excellently by a very determined Anthony Hopkins, and the supporting cast which includes Anne Bancroft, are splendid in never-better roles. But, it is John Hurt who steals the show, his performance is quite simply a masterpiece (just like this film) of controlled emotion, and is a performance that will leave forever in my mind.<br />Stunning, real, emotional and masterful, The Elephant Man awes, engages and jabs at the heart. This is one powerful movie that is one of a kind. I urge you to see it.
B00003CXFV|5.0|This is simply one of the best films I've ever seen!!! And I know what I'm talking about, 'cause I've seen A LOT (!!) because I have a great knowledge about films and I'm a huge fanatic of everything that has to with it! When I see a movie a consider acting, screenplay, directing, music, editing, cast and the basic plot! Ant when it comes to this movie - EVERYTHING WAS PERFECT!! &quot;Everyday is winding road&quot; is a perfect title song for this movie as well as Thomas Newman's music!!  Julia Roberts...she has done it again! She acts so originally and so well that I'm amazed EVERY TIME I see her!!  This role was made for her, because I don't think any other actress would have done this so well performed as Julia did! <br />There are different meanings about this film, and I can understand that because of the language and that it is based on a true story. But why can't you just admit that there are good and fantastic films even don't YOU like them...!  &quot;Erin Brockovich&quot; is one of them: it's a FANTASTIC film with one BRILLIANT cast and an EXCLUSIVE screenplay, and not to mention the director Steven Soderbergh who does the incredible!! <br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
0375501851|5.0|White Teeth is a formidably entertaining novel by Zadie Smith.  A first-time author, it is amazing to behold her maturity.<br />Smith writes with a biting, satirical wit.  I felt that she adores each character she created, yet she is unafraid to place her beloved cast into humiliating situations.  Samad Iqbal and Irie, especially, are treated exceptionally badly.  Iqbal is forced to go through an embarassing masturbation sequence, while Irie receives a nightmare hairdressing experience.  Both situations raise the laughmeter a notch but there is always a sense of pathos hiding behind the humour.<br />Sprawling across the 20th century but concentrating on the latter years, White Teeth concerns two men and their resulting families.  Archie is a slow, common Londoner, who becomes a sort of anti-hero at the unexpected, and somewhat unconvincing conclusion.  Samad is an Indian immigrant fighting a war between his heritage and popular culture.  He fails miserably.  Both marry and have children.  Irie, Magid and Millat, then take over the focus of the story while the adults sit back into a supporting role.  Another family is introduced later on in the novel, the almost perfect, Chalfens, an original family if there ever was one.<br />The novel is very much character based.  The story itself is episodic, plotless.  There is a conclusion to the story but it's a half-hearted ending as if Smith ran out of pages to write on.  Even so, a character-driven novel as good as this one is a rarity.  It is refreshing to find original creations can still be uprooted.<br />There are very few cavities in White Teeth.
B000006NPY|4.0|The smashing pumpkins have never failed to amaze us.  With Billy Corgan's famous whisper-to-scream vocals, we can at least assume that this record will no doubt possess the familiarity of this unparalleled sound that they manage to create time after time.  This time around, Corgan tones it down to lullaby mode, obviously apparent in the first track, &quot;for martha&quot;, which is an ode to his late mother.  Although you won't find any angry, self depreciating, screaming songs on here, the reminiscent tones and futuristic notes make up for it, like in track 9, &quot;ava adore&quot;.  I would defenitely recommend this CD to a hard-core smashing pumpkins fan, but beware:  this CD will have you counting sheep if you put the volume on low.  Which is not a bad thing after all.
B000056K04|3.0|In light of the greatness of their last studio album, the masterpiece &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; and the great songs they had starting playing on last year's tour, this cd is a great disappointment. However, it deserves 3 stars simply because an average DMB cd is still better than just about anything these days in the mainstream. There are some very good songs like &quot;Everyday&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;, &quot;Fool To Think&quot; &amp; &quot;Space Between&quot;, but then you have the worst song they have done on cd &quot;When The World Ends&quot;. This song isn't bad, it is just boring.<br />This cd sounds like Dave singing with some band I have never heard of playing the music. There are almost no instrumental parts and practically every songs has Dave singing right off the bat, giving the song no chance to even begin. Many are blaming Glen Ballard for this cd, but the band deserves most of the blame. They didn't have to release this cd, but they did, so let's lay the blame where it is warranted. I have a feeling that in 5 years, the band will look back and regret doing these songs.
6303913881|4.0|Never before has such bad acting been so good. Watching Elizabeth Berkley (of &quot;Saved by the Bell&quot; fame) huff and puff her way through this horrible script is truly hilarious. The pool &quot;sex&quot; scene between her and Kyle MacLachlan is probably one of the funniest moments ever captured on film that wasn't meant to be funny. Gina Gershon, who I love, camps it up and seems to have fun with a role she must have known was a disaster from the start. If you're an afficienado of bad movies, this one is a must-have for your collection.
0446677450|2.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad is commendable in that it breaks the taboo against talking about money, acquiring money, and differing attitudes toward money.  However, a few comments:<br />First, he title is misleading.  The &quot;poor dad&quot; of the book is actually a middle-class -- although debt-loaded -- PhD.  The implication that he is of a different socio-economic class than &quot;rich dad&quot; is misleading, and it seems to me that Kiyosaki has no right to comment on &quot;what poor parents teach their children&quot; on the basis of his own experience. While his advice may indeed be useful to families struggling with money, his arrogance in claiming to speak for raised-poor individuals is a perfect example of a white-collar assumptions of intellectual superiority.<br />Second, while the book is a pragmatic discussion of people's attitudes toward our modern market system, Kiyosaki is far from a deep thinker on the market, economy, or social trends.  His underlying message is, &quot;I don't know what's going on, but here's my idea of CYA.&quot; I was not expecting a Marxist analysis of class and economic systems, but I was expecting a little more sophistication, and I question his message because his philosophical base seems remarkably shallow.<br />Third, the writing of the book is truly inept.  His dialogues are utterly canned, the organization is shaky, all 200 pages could be better covered in 50, and his fifth grade teacher should cringe at his grammar. I was tempted to send the book back to the publisher with corrections in red, but decided it would take too much time. Warner Books should be ashamed to put out such poor writing.<br />The book is very approachable, with some useful ideas and tips, but I sincerely hope there is a better book out there with the same information and a better, more thoughtful presentation.
0440219078|5.0|This is one of the few books that stays with me from my childhood (I am a high school senior now).  My friends and I still have discussions about this book from time to time.  It will always be a favorite of mine.<br />I remember how entranced I was when my librarian first read it to me. It was probably my first exposure to a book with fantasy/science fiction elements and is probably what incited my interest in that genre.  I am forever indebted to Lowry for writing this book and stimulating the thoughts of a little girl all those years ago.<br />I really have to compliment Lowry on her amazing skill.  In her novel, she has created a world very different from our own; one free of pain, suffering and fear.  However, the cost of living in such a world, as Jonas, the main character, will discover, is very high.  This novel shows the reader the value of his or her right to make decisions. In addition, the Giver, in its counter-utopian standpoint, reminds us that without the dark, one can never truly appreciate the light.  How wonderful can love and comfort be when one has never experienced pain or sorrow?  How enjoyable is the sudden burst of warmth one feels upon entering a house if one has never played for hours in the cold?  In order to fully appreciate the good in the world one needs something to compare it against. Everything is relative.
6304140711|5.0|OK i luv this movie!! I first saw it on STARZ and it was like the last 10 min and i luved it so i decided to rent it and see the whole thing... Once i did i was hooked i think its a great movie, so i ended up buying it...Mark Walberg is soo hot in it and looks so innocent but turns out to be a pyscho...Reese Witherspoon (Nicole) meets up wit Mark Walberg(David) and they automatically fall in love, but little does Nicole know that David has more in mind than justa few days....Obstacles come and go in this movie until the finally scene where all the terror ends....Everytime David tries to put on his good boy act i luv him once again he is just soo cute and adorable i forgive him everytime he does soemthing bad...SO if ur into a teen thriller i def. would reccomend FEAR, its awesome!
B000002TQV|4.0|Okay, I gave this one 4 1/2 because it may not be as mind-numbingly brilliant as their later releases. But come on. This is pure, gorgeous rock at it's best.. and it's a lot easier to listen to than OK Computer or Kid A. Planet Telex is the perfect opener, with it's trembling guitar lines and Yorke's high, melancholy wails. I melt everytime I hear the second part of The Bends, when Yorke cries &quot;baby's got the beeeeeeeheeeeeeenndddsss!&quot;. High and Dry is beautiful. My Iron Lung rocks. I could go on and on... So, if your feeling exhausted after being overwhelmed by Kid A, try this one. You won't be dissapointed.
B000002UWL|5.0|This album requires no &quot;getting used to.&quot;  You will enjoy it in it's entirety on the first listen.  Basically it is a perfect album.  No matter what type of music you like you will love this.  Another point, this album is NOT like discography.  It's a lot more mellow, but it's still great and very relaxing.  Some notable songs include &quot;jealousy&quot; &quot;so hard&quot; and &quot;being boring.&quot;  All of the songs are good though.
B000000I0Q|4.0|Having seen 'post Gabriel' - Genisis, in Burbank's Starlight Ampitheater with their 'Trick of the Tail' release, I was very pleased to see that the band had met and exceeded expectations, largely due to the excellent performance, and new leadership of Phil Collins. A regular to the &quot;progressive&quot; scene back then, I enjoyed Collins and Hackett, seperately, at The Strip's 'Roxy': Phil w/'Mask' &amp; Steve's &quot;Please Don't Touch&quot; material.&quot;Voyage..&quot; captured the majic and mysticism for those who were feeling the  void of Genisis' former leaders, yet unreleased, solo material. Gabriel&quot;Live&quot;,esp.'San Yacinto'; and Steve's, &quot;Watchers..Genesis Revisited&quot; constitute, among others of these illustrious artists, the most personally definative continuance of the 'Genisis' Legacy.
B0000047CX|5.0|This album is a classic.  Some of the best bossa nova is here.  Whenever I listen to it I imagine myself standing on top of a terrace overlooking rio de janeiro with a loved one by my side..  just taking in the warm summer breeze and watching the sun set by the beach.  Don't hesitate to purchase this album.  Everybody gave it 5 stars so you can be assured that you're making a wise decision.  A bonus is that it's a great album to play for those romantic evenings.
014028009X|5.0|I started reading the book after work and finished it in 7 hours. Although a modern twist on the _Pride and Prejudice_, the book is 100 times funnier! I completely identified with Bridget's experiences as much as I didn't want to admit it. :)
B000002L9J|5.0|When listened to in its entirety this album has a flow to it that is captivating.  This album should really be listened to from start to finish (believe me, it has a better effect).  On my first listen there were a few songs I wasn't crazy about, but when I listened to the entire album it grew on me.  All of the songs are amazing and when weaved together manage to achieve perfection.  I absolutely love and treasure this album..
B00003CXAY|4.0|I bought the DVD version of this seminal film from IRE (Reggio's organization) for the US$180 (the cost of the donation for the &quot;premium&quot;).   I find this film remarkable.  Ron Fricke's camera work was truly ground-breaking, and Glass' score is unparalled.  While Reggio's &quot;innocent eye&quot; and the films overly-moralizing tones are dubious, _Koyaanisqatsi_ is still a landmark piecein film history.  Academicians such as Scott MacDonald and others have reviewed this film and its impact on the visual culture proceeding from its release (Fricke's signature work coopted by so many different ad houses and Hollywoods film shops).<br />Regarding Glass' new release of his soundtrack, the film (and DVD) still incorporate segements of music that remain unreleased on the audio albums (sections covering the introduction to L.A. and prior to the first machine/human shots at about ~30 mintues into the film).  The DVD has everything in original.   Essentially the DVD is a digital rip from the projected film.  It contains film scratches, and the original score by Glass (not refurbished in any way).  The picture quality is good, but reflects the film transfer (still better than any VHS version i've seen).  However, the DVD palys the film in stadard TV aspect and not the letter-box aspect associated with films.  Having never seen this film in the theater i cannot say if this is true of the original projection.  However, after watching it about thirty times (for a semianr paper), and in comparison to the VHS edition, the DVD is a superior product.<br />For the true lover of Reggio and Fricke, the DVD version from IRE is a must have.  Nor VHS copy can compare (nor will a VHS copy last under playback!).  The price is daunting - but if it matters, the DVD arrives in a sheath that is signed by Godfrey Reggio ( a real signature, not reproduced).   Moralizing aspects aside, not since Vertov has the &quot;documentary&quot; been pushed as far by an American Cinematographer (though others since its realese have gone further in other directions, for instance Trinh Minh Ha).  The DVD is a &quot;must-have&quot; from those who consider this film important - either academically or aesthetically.  The US$180 price tag is high; but if it helps, it's tax deductable!
B000003TAW|5.0|I wore one copy of this album out in high school (class of 97), and had to buy another one.  This album is just loads of fun.  If you're in a bad mood, weezer will do the trick.  I'm now 24 and I still listen to weezer.  My fave songs are \\"the world has turned and left me here\\" \\"say it ain't so\\" and \\"holiday.\\"  An even better album to purchase by this band is Pinkerton.  Believe me, you won't regret it.
B00000I5Y6|4.0|Made in USA in 1999, Serial# ZK-65690, Playing Time 65:31<br />This is an affordable collection of various tracks that covers 8 of the band's first 10 albums; and shows their diversity and their quite original writing style. It has some classics, but also less-known material that's well worth a listen. If you like many of the metal-progressive bands of the 90's (e.g. Dream Theater, Symphony X) you'll see where some of them got some of their writing ideas.<br />For those like me who wanted a REMASTERED version of this 1984 offering, all I can say is DON'T RETIRE YOUR OLD CD!<br />On this latest version, 6 changes were made: 1) &quot;Carry On Wayward Son&quot; is the original version, not the remix that was done by Livgren himself and his cohorts specifically for the original release; 2) the track &quot;Perfect Lover&quot; has been discarded; it is now only available on the limited edition 2-disc version of &quot;Definitive Collection&quot;, not on the regular 1-disc version; 3) &quot;The Wall&quot; has received the same treatment as described in note 1; 4) &quot;The Pinnacle&quot; has been added; 5) &quot;The Devil Game&quot; has been added; 6) &quot;Closet Chronicles&quot; from &quot;Two For The Show&quot; has been added.<br />I'm surprised that, considering the extra room left on the disc, the version of &quot;Song For America&quot; is still edited.<br />All in all, if you're fairly new to the first half of their career, this gives you a good overview; if you're a collector, you can pass up on this and keep the original version.
B00003CXFU|4.0|There is something about true stories that make for better films.  Add in a good cast and good acting, and you have a decent movie.<br />Julia Roberts plays Erin Brockovich, a broke, out-of-work single mother who pushes herself into a clerical job at a law firm that previously lost her &quot;can't lose&quot; automobile accident court case.  While there, she discovers a power company that poisons the water making several citizens in the surrounding town fatally ill.  Roberts and her boss, played by Albert Finney, set off to take down this power company, and bring justice and a large settlement to the citizens of Hinkley, California.<br />The acting was superb in the film.  Roberts did a wonderful job in the title role, and her timing in the dialogue was pretty dead-on perfect.  Albert Finney was also quite masterful in his role, and his straight-man attitude was the best complement to Roberts.  Aaron Eckhart added in a stellar performance as the motorcycle-driving neighbor, George, who eventually falls in love with Erin.<br />The movie flowed along quite nicely, and the storyline was well-drawn out.  All of the character-development was done well also, allowing the audience to relate to the people on screen.  This film was nicely done, and is sure not to let you down.  It is a worthy effort.
B000056N8X|4.0|Both the theatrical release and the &quot;new&quot; DVD release on Disc 1 are dissapointing. The &quot;Earlier/Alternate&quot; version on Disc 2, however, is much better. Whoever made the decision to not fix-up this reversion for theatrical release made a big mistake. This would have possibly turned a C movie into a B movie. This version is more like the TV seriese and HL 1. Despite this rough cut's voice-overs and broken fight sequences, it is still better than the Disc 1 version. It looks like they may have had a real movie on their hands and someone decided to ruin it! Whether it was a decision made by Davis and Panzer or Dimensions, someone should be fired.
B0000508U6|4.0|This is definitely a close 2nd to Radiohead's Kid A for British album of the year.  And in some ways, its better than Kid A.  For starters, its more accessible, unlike the incoherent and abstract nature of Radiohead's album.  It's also more consistently pretty.  It's probably the 300 millionth CD of love songs within the past few months, but it does it better than almost everyone else.  Instead of spewing out cliches ala BSB, Coldplay's love songs are genuine, heartfelt, touching, and most everybody can relate to them (&quot;So I look in your direction, but you pay me no attention&quot; is an experience everybody has experienced at least once in their life).  But most importantly, they sound amazing.  From the opener 'Don't Panic' (&quot;We live in a beautiful world&quot;) to the singles 'Shiver' and 'Yellow' to the gospel-like 'Everything's Not Lost', the album is filled with clever hooks and some ear-tickling guitar tones.  Singer Chris Martin has often been compared to Dave Matthews (certainly nothing to be ashamed of), but I think he sounds like a milder, mellower version of Rob Dickenson of the Catherine Wheel.  And he has a very pleasant voice which perfectly suits the ear-friendly, melodic tunes here.  A lot of it is very bass-heavy and have a lot of high guitar notes, which reminds me a tiny bit of Placebo.  My personal fave tracks are 'Spies', 'Shiver', 'Sparks', and 'We Never Change', but 'High Speed' is the only tune that really doesn't do anything for me.  A lot of people may find the music too simple and sparse, but I don't care, just cuz it sounds so good.  And really, that's all that should really matter.  As far as pure listening is concerned, this CD is one of the best I've heard in a while.  Just pop it in, press play, lay back, relax, pop out a book and enjoy the beauty of it all.
B000002OZY|4.0|This was the second Rock Album I ever bought, right after Sgt. Pepper.  After all those years. I'd rather listen to Tommy!  The production is flawed, the performances are often weak, but the concept and the basic power of the music is so far beyond the musical limitations of the players that the album transports you. <br />&quot;Tommy&quot; is basically an experiment by Peter Townsend with the group providing studio support and infilling ideas as he ran short of inspiration.   It is quintisential 70's concept at its origin. It was THE First. The many rewrites and incarnations of this story of a totally withdrawn abused child have not come close to the original vision as represented on this album.  Townsend's strained painful falsetto voicing Tommy's thoughts expresses a lot more than the bungled movie track with Roger Daultry singing the lead.  From the Horn rips in the Overture, to the late 60's style &quot;Amazing Journey&quot; into your own mind, and the horrifying/abusive attempts by the &quot;Acid Queen&quot; to cure the boy (OK, Tina Turner's Version is better) Peter powers us through the dark recesses of a mind crushed by betrayal then deluded by adulation. A classic late 60's mind trip with a hint at the decadence to come in the 70's (&quot;We're Not Gonna Take It!&quot;).<br />This lacks the virtusoity of Lead Zeppelin or Emerson Lake and Palmer, it doesn't take us to the stony drug distorted depths of Pink Floyd, it lacks the intricacy and lyrical sophistication of Jethro Tull, but Peter Townsend could say more with one smashing chord left to ring in the silence than most of those others could do with 5 minutes of self-indulgent flailing. Tommy takes you places you may not have visited and leaves you wondering where you ended up.  Listen to it with the headphones on in the wee hours and go on an Amazing Journey.
0451450523|5.0|A unicorn overhears some hunters talking as they pass through her forest.  They say that unicorns are gone from the world.  The unicorn is so shocked that she makes up her mind to leave her forest and search for the other unicorns.  She learns that she is indeed the last of her kind and that unicorns have been gone so long, people no longer know what they look like.  The sad unicorn continues on her quest and meets an unforgetable cast of characters.  There's a lot of obstacles that she goes through and I won't spoil it for you, but just be prepared for a really touching ending!<br />When I was little, I loved to watch the movie version of THE LAST UNICORN.  I was going through a phase of horses, ponies, unicorns, and flying horses, so nothing pleased me more than that mystical animation, though the drawing was a bit rough and I didn't really understand it.  Recently, my little sister discovered the tape lying about the house and proceeded to watch it.  Now she too is caught in the frenzy.  I watched it with her more than a couple of times and marveled at the delightful story with its original plot that I missed when I was young.  I discovered that there was a book and managed to get a hold of a copy. . . .  <br />THE LAST UNICORN was a fantastic read and now ranks as one of my favorite fantasy books, though the text is a bit easy.  The book provides the unicorn fan with details that satisfy.  However, I wasn't able to enjoy it as well because it is almost exactly like the movie, which I found really disappointing becuase I was hoping for a bit more.  ...Oh well, this was still a treat to read and I recommend it to everyone (just take a break from the movie beforehand)!
B000056VIY|4.0|Jennifer Lopez' sophomore album, &quot;J.Lo&quot;, is very entertaining. The opening single, &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; is very energetic, a perfect song to open the album. While I am very happy that Jennifer has gone Gold so far with this album, I felt that it simply is not as good as her first work, &quot;On The 6&quot;.<br />While &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; and other selected tracks are very well done, I felt that nothing on this disc conpared to &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; or other hits from the first CD.<br />Hits that are reminecent or as big as &quot;If You Had My Love&quot;, &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot; and &quot;No Me Ames&quot; as well as the latin flavor from the first CD are sorely missed in this other wise fine Pure-Pop album. I &lt;3 U JENNIFER, KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
B000005HLV|5.0|Wow.  I was blown away by the sheer darkness evoked by the machine-like guitar playing of Euronymous.  While he wasn't the best guitarist (Live in Leipzig proves that), the mood and vibe he created is stunning.  There are no emotive qualities to the riffs.  This album is a sheer vortex of emotions.  Not an ounce of fat.  Euronymous once spoke about the fact that he discarded many riffs during the writting process for De Mysteriis.  I have no doubt of that.  Hellhammer is godlike on this album, giving the songs only what they need and no more.  The bass is...distorted and low in the mix.  I'm actually glad they took varg's bass lines down in the mix, because I think that made the album alot heavier.  Attilla....unbelievable.  This album should be in every black metal fans' collection.
B00003W8NM|5.0|O.K., how can you beat it?......YOU CAN'T!!!!!  This is my favorite movie next to &quot;Star Wars&quot;.  It's brilliant and has a major twist at the end.  It's a dark comidy that keep's you on your toes and laughing getting slapped around while watching the sweaty, bloody fights throughout the movie!!!!!!      When a White Collar Insomniac (Edward Norton) grows tired of his deja' vu' redundant everyday life he wants something new.  Searching he find's a slippery soap salesman pshyco (Brad Pitt) who grabs him and throws him into a long and seeming endless adventure in the mind of a pshyco and their genoration.       TWO WORDS: BUY IT!!!!!!!OR TWO WORDS: WATCH IT!!!!!!!!
B000056K04|5.0|For all of you Dave Matthews Band fans (wow say that ten times fast), I can see you having  trouble in digesting this album.  If you are a true hard core, living, breathing DMB diehard fan, then u should have a hard time digesting it.  This album is such a different shift from what we are all used to, from the shortened songs to the new sounds.  It sounds more mixed and mastered, very unlike old DMB, but I can't deny that I love it.  This album has the huge possibility to be a monster hit and probably will be.  Ok, enough of my babbling!  Now's your chance!  Scurry out to your local CD store and buy Everyday before it's to late!
B00005ASOC|5.0|In an era of movies laden with heavy background music, violence, conflict . .where physical aggression triumphs over guile and intelligence, FINDING FORRESTER is truly a breath of fresh air. Sean Connery plays the aging academic/ writer recluse beautifully . .his achilles heel is dealing with today's changed world and society's aggressive &quot;loudness&quot; . .his young counterpart the opposite- uncomfortable with his academic and deeply insightful interpretive abilities of life- he retreats to the role of the rap listening, basketball junkie. Through a chance encounter, the two become friends- resspecting one and other and bringing each other out of their shells. Surprise twists and lots of &quot;warm fuzzy&quot; moments make this one of the decade's best feel good movies- a must see for children who feel akward about their God given academic abilities- almost a parenting aid that rivals positive reaffirmation of child therapists . . and just plain a nice feel good movie. Enjoy !!!
0871359448|4.0|The Good: The artwork and paneling is beautiful - George Perez and Ron Lim have done a top job! I esp. liked the sequence where Captain America, Silver Surfer and Warlock attempt to steal the infinity gems from Thanos. The story and dialogs are also nicely done.<br />The Bad: I found the ending a little confusing and anti-climactic but that may be because I am not familiar with  characters such as Warlock and Thanos. Also the artwork on some of the fullpage drawings appears very faint - I don't know if this is true for all copies or my bad luck.<br />Overall a good buy.
B00004W5CQ|1.0|I saw this band live twenty-five years ago and still have the original vinyl. It is a very dated disc and does not reach the level of his first four albums:Spectrum,Total Eclipse, Crosswinds and Shabazz which are classics from the 70's.
6305531412|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie, especially the quality of the DVD. You'd be hard pressed to find a more entertaining movie. Adults and kids enjoy this movie immensely. Its a classic about a mystery in 1940's Hollywood. The twist is that in this movie, cartoons actually exist and interact with people. They get paid, just like any actor. There is impressive special effects with great acting. But I wish the DVD had some kind of behind the scenes or ducumentary, or even the trailer. The best thing about this movie is a complete dynamic story from beginning to end. It's an action packed rollar coaster ride. Its really funny and can get really suspenseful. Dont miss out on this epic in fun.
B00003CX95|5.0|Few movies are done with this kind of scope and epic atmosphere. Braveheart takes you back to a time in Hollywood, when writing a motion picture screenplay actually meant something. It tells the story of a Scottish patriot, William Wallace, who rises to power and leads armies of his fellow countrymen in defiance of England's tyranny.  This movie is never short in entertainment and inspiration. It shows that even one person can make a huge difference. William Wallace not only makes a difference, but with his intense, incredible leadership, he changes the world. The movie is action packed from beginning to end. The acting is top notch. And the powerhouse original score by James Horner is the best you'll ever find. Dont miss out on this adventure.
B000001E7L|5.0|What can I say, they are my favorite band. This is the second album I purchased of The Cranberries. I must say, this is still my album of choice. With tracks like, &quot;Disappointment&quot;, &quot;Dreaming My Dreams&quot;, &quot;Twenty-One&quot;, and &quot;No Need To Argue&quot; being my favorite. If you haven't bought all four album, get it.
B000056K04|2.0|After thoroughly enjoying UTTAD, Crash, and Before these Crowded Streets, I am VERY disappointed with this album! The three previous studio releases were fun... Everyday is dark, and dull.  I listened to the whole album 3 times, and I can't remember any distinct songs!  They all sound basically the same.  There's a lack of other instrumentation (something that was present in the other albums)....  I would recommend buying this simply to complete your DMB collection.
B00004Z459|5.0|Awesome disc.  I bought it with knowledge of only One Step Closer, a foolish proposition with this genre.  But I am thoroughly impressed start to finish.  My only complaint is that I paid $13 for a 37 minute disc.  C'mon guys, lets load the cd full next time... at least 60 minutes.  Maybe write a song longer than 3 and half minutes.
B00003CXP1|4.0|What can l say that's already been said about this dark and harrowing film ?  I can blab all day about the superb direction but what l really want to bring to your attention is the Oscar-nominated performance of Ellen Burstyn.  She has already racked up a slew of Best Actress awards from the Chicago, Las Vegas, Boston and Florida Film Critics.  Her Independent Spirit, Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild nominations are strong indications that she has an excellent chance at winning her second Best Actress Oscar statuette come this March 2001.  Her character's decent into drug addiction is so harrowing and heartbreaking to watch that you are literally glued to the screen.  The supporting cast all do wonderful jobs with regards to showing their emotional vulnerability on screen.  One of my favourite scenes is in the apartment of Sara Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn) where she imagines her refridgerator coming alive, threatening to eat her.  In that one scene alone, the musical score, acting, visual effects and direction are all at their best.  And the scene of Sarah's talk with her son about being old and alone is so heartbreaking.  Acting at it's best, in my opinion.  I bet they will use that very scene as her &quot;Oscar clip&quot; at this years Academy Awards ceremony.  The film is also very dark and sometimes graphic so beware if you're someone who watches only PG movies.  I love the musical score as well.  One of the best of this past year.  It truly effected to mood of the entire film and made it all the more enjoyable for me as a viewer.  Don't miss this film if you want to see one of the top ten films of this past year.
B00004RHZU|4.0|i like this cd, its not the best cd i've ever heard but then again its not the worst either. it has catchy songs such as 'you make me sick'... there's not much to say about this cd besides the fact that pink did a good job and she has a nice voice
B000050IMG|5.0|The FUNNIEST movie I've ever seen....what more can I say! If u don't wet yourself watching this movie.....then u must lack a sense of humor.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|i'm normally a huge fan of christmas cds but this one just wasnt that good. christina has a BEAUTIFUL voice and she shows it well on this cd but the songs werent that great. the only ones i really did like were have yourself a merry merry christmas, this christmas, and angels we have heard on high. other then that the cd kind of .... i dont recommend this one at all not unless you're a big christina fan!
B00004Y635|1.0|I remember seeing this movie in the theaters the day it came out and remembering how disappointed i was...Scream 1 and 2 were so good...but 3 was just a waste of time and $...pass on this one people...you're not missing anything....except bordom of course.
B00004XONN|2.0|Radiohead released one of the most interesting albums of the last decade but, unfortunately, in trying to throw the critics (whom they pretend to ignore) for a loop, they've created an album that is utter BLAH! PLEASE....someone grab Thom by his scrawny little shoulders, shake him and yell &quot;WAKE UP.&quot; His constant mumbling throughout the album sounds like he has an English sausage stuck in his mouth. And the band...well the band really doesn't play(like we know they can). There is a lot to be said about minimalism, but if we wanted ethereal, we could have listened to Brian Eno.
B000002KXO|3.0|Mirage is not a bad album, however, it is certainly not rumours or tusk...It's one of those albums where the listener enjoys a few songs but isn't left with anything really remarkable...&quot;Straight Back&quot; is a great little Stevie song...Lindsey's songs are reminiscent of the 60's especially &quot;Book of Love&quot;, and Christine's &quot;Hold Me&quot; is great...BUT...Lindsey's &quot;Empire State&quot; is drop dead horrible and &quot;wish you were hear&quot; is awful. Avoid these songs at all costs.
B00003W8NM|5.0|There's something about this film that just draws you in, and there was a grandeur it possesed in the theatre that I was afraid would be lost on the DVD.   This is one of those movies that you just HAVE to see in letterbox format, and that fact that it comes that way standard is fantastic! It is, in my opinion, the best home translation of a film I've seen to date. The second disc, chock full of goodies as it is, is one of the best arguments to get a DVD player yet! The story boards, the deleted scenes, the special effects footage. . .it's all great. Even the packaging of the DVD itself adds to the allure of the movie as a whole.      But perhaps I've said too much. After all, the first rule of Fight Club is: You DO NOT talk about Fight Club!
B000002KKC|5.0|For some reason people either seem to really hate or really love this album...well, I happen to love it...and yes, I actually like this album better than rumours....rumours is great but I still prefer tusk....the only problem with this album is that \\"sara\\" is edited down to about four and a half minutes....the original sara, aka the cleaning lady version, is 9 minutes long....other than that, the album is flawless....\\"the ledge\\", \\"sisters of the moon\\", and \\"tusk\\" are my 3 personal faves, but the whole album rocks!
B00000JG41|5.0|I am playing this CD as I review it to give my impressions as the disk progresses. 1. Sweet Charity - Starts with a haunting 60s movie soundtrack tone.  Reminds me of something that you might hear as backing music for &quot;Valley of the Dolls&quot; or some psychadelic version of &quot;Caberet&quot;.  As with the rest of the album, very appropriate to the overall concept.  Very deep sounding sonically! 2. The Stray Cats meet Buddy Rich's Orchestra meets INXS meets Rocky Horror's Time Warp.  What it might sound like if the Munsters threw a rave.  Al Jolson overtones in spots.  Excellent use of horns and guitars. Are some of the lyrics in Latin? This song crosses so many genres it is incredible.  Excellent. 3.  Retrovertigo: Nice Ballad.  One of the more staight-forward pieces on the CD.  Haunting. An excellent break in the wierdness. 4. Air Conditioned Nightmare:  Beach Boys meets Faith No More.  Excellent stereo image. 5.Ars Moriendi: What would happen if Metallica guitars met Omar Faruk Tekbellik and the mariachi band at your local mexican restaurant.  Maybe a little Wierd Al thrown in.  Excellent!! 6.Pink Cigarette:Portishead meets another 60s soundtrack and Frank Zappaesque do-wop vocals.  Good, but probably my least favorite song. 7.Golem II:Stereo heaven!!! Beyond description. Synth funk meets carnival music. Gentle Giant style clavinet, cool vocoder, funky sections that sound like Billy Preston on acid. 8.The Holy Filament: Slow and haunting..very reminiscent of a song from Alice Cooper that I think was called &quot;Stephan&quot;.  A decent song. 9.Vanity Fair:  Another Do-wop type song.  Fitting in it's place on the album.  Interesting &quot;haunted house section&quot; in the middle. Good, but not great. 10.Goodbye Sober Day: Great Finale!!! Another genre busting tune..sort of a combination of everything heard earlier.  An excellent finish. Overall Opinions:  Of the numerous CDs I've bought during the last year, this is in the top 10, a very pleasent surprise. If commercial radio wasn't as bad as it is, I'm sure this CD would be huge.  Down side, it is short, at roughly 45 minutes.  Also, you have to go to the website for lyrics, as none are printed in the liner notes (which I think is the most disappointing thing about this disk).  Highly Recommended!!
B000056K04|3.0|I like The Space Between, When the world ends and Everyday. I hope the songs on the album get more fleshed out in concert. I am sorely missing the sounds of Moore and Tinsley. I'm a little dissapointed but the world isn't going to end,heh-heh.
B000056V73|5.0|I've never been more moved, touched or blown away by a movie before.  I didn't know what to expect going into the movie but two minutes into the movie I knew I loved it.  It has everything: sex, drugs, rock and roll.  But most of all it's about growing up, and I think that it will amaze anyone at any age, any race, anything!  Everyone will love this film.  I found myself crying at scenes that weren't even sad.  I was pulled in through Penny Lane (Kate Hudson) and I cried as I watched her grow.  I have seen this in the theater 4 times, pre-ordered it from Amazon.com, bought the screenplay book by Crowe and found a rare theater mylar I hope to keep forever.  Please don't miss this movie.  You won't be disappointed.  It will make you laugh, make you cry, make you happy, but most of all make you live.
0440214041|5.0|Two Supreme Court Justices have been murdered. Many people suspect that the acts were by multiple assassains, and can't find any reason for the crimes, but out of nowhere comes a theory that shakes up the White House and a demented millionaire. Darby Shaw's theory, which is called the Pelican Brief, says that Victor Mattiece, a businessman who contributed heavily to the campaign of the current president, conspired to have the men killed so that he could drill for oil, even though it would kill the brown pelicans that inhabit that area. This book simply can't be put down once you start to read it. This is in the style of Grisham's masterful suspense thrillers, like The Firm, and is a very enjoyable reading experience. Its political plotting and pacing are immaculate, and if you liked any of Grisham's other novels, you will love this book.
0440219078|4.0|I feel that Lois Lowry's The Giver, did not really effect me in any way.  It was a very interesting book that questions everything that society doesn't like to talk about.  This book lets the reader re-examine their beliefs and ideas.  This book is mainly about a boy named Jonas and how he was chosen for something special.  This special something as it is referred to, leads Jonas to a man only known as the Giver.  This book deals with such touchy subjects as: conflict, poverty, unemployment, divorce, injustice towards others, and inequality among people.
0345440757|5.0|Thank goodness for common sense. Every new parent should read this book. It not only stands out from the rest but Ms Hogg definately understands babies and her experiences are well documented. <br />As a mother of 2 understanding your baby is the most important aspect of parenting, listening to them and showing respect can only lay the foundations for a respectful child.<br />I like Ms Hogg's pro choice attitude on feeding even though she is recognised as one of the top lactation educators in the country, women today like myself who cannot breast feed due to cancer or surgery need to know that they should not be frowned upon.<br />Ms Hogg has sound advice and a voice that should be heard Congratulations your sense of humor is a blessing in its self.
B000056K04|5.0|I don't think it's possible for the DMB to disappoint. Everytime I listen to a new release of their's, it takes me a few times listening to the album to get into it. But more than anything else, I think that speaks to the complexity of their music. They never churn out the typical drivel that fills the pop airwaves -- which are impossible to listen to. Matthews is an amazing songwriter and he's not afraid to experiment with new sounds or sounds that may be foreign to an American or Western ear. And I love that his band defies nearly all categories of music. There are a few tunes on this latest release that aren't quite as strong as they could be, but the rest of the album compensates for them nicely. (And I agree with other reviewers -- Tinsley's fiddle and Moore's sax are sorely missed, and the album could stand a little more from Dave's awesome acoustic ability.) &quot;When the World Ends&quot; is one of the album's best, as is &quot;Everyday&quot; and the already-released &quot;I Did It&quot;. The bottom line -- I've never heard a DMB CD I didn't like. And &quot;Everyday&quot; is no different.
6305546789|5.0|You can't deny it... Halloween is the best Horror movie ever made.  It was also one of the first.  It's not too gory, and not boring.  Michael Myers is at his perverted best in this film, as he is stalking Laurie Strode and killing off her friends.  Yes, the ending does lead to a sequel, (Halloween 2), but after that there are about 5 more sequels.  If you become a fan, I suggest skipping over parts 3,4,5, and 6, because those movies are kind of off topic with Laurie Strode.  I definitely recommend this DVD, it's a must-see!
B000002O51|4.0|... Third Stage is not their best (probably #3 of the first three with #1 being the best), but it is very good. Amanda and Hollyann are great ballads, We're Ready, The Launch, Cool The Engines and Can'tcha Say / Still In Love are great Boston Rock N Roll! I Think I Like It is also very good and My Destination is good. I could skip To Be A Man and A New World and not miss them.<br />Advice for those new to Boston: Pick up this release and Boston's Greatest Hits and you'll have just about all the Boston you need. If you're a real Boston enthusiast, get all four of their five releases (skip &quot;Walk On&quot; - it is pretty lame).
0345440757|5.0|Congratulations !! Ms Hogg on such an empowering book, which should be read by every parent, grandparent, childcare provider &amp; everyone who interacts with infants. My wife and I have 3 sons and we drove 200 miles on friday to thank Ms Hogg in person for changing our lives. We were also pleasantly surprised that she took 2 hours out of her schedule to talk and answer everyones questions at her book signing, and even spent 5 minutes chatting to my wife and I. Not the Hollywood type. Ms Hogg was down to earth respectful and very witty. Well worth the drive. Our eldest son Dan Jr is 4yr and up to a week ago was sleepiing in our bed, a habit we have desperately tried to break on numerous occassions, with Ms Hoggs advice on accidental parenting we finally broke the habit and now sleeps 12 hours in his own room and bed. Justin 26 months would only go to bed when we did, and woke at least twice in the night, we put Ms Hogg's bedtime routine to work and her other tips on sleep, and he now is a much happier toddler even though he does still stir in the night we are able to comfort him more successfully and get him back down. Gray is our 9 week old dream baby after first reading the book 5 weeks ago we put him on the E.A.S.Y routine straight away we implemented the S.L.O.W method and what a transformation, I don't think our baby has cried in 3 weeks we can read all his cues like the book suggests and amazingly he is sleeping 10 hours at night and 5 to 6 hours in the day.<br />This is the reason we felt the need to drive 200 miles I am sure any one who reads this book and embraces Ms Hogg's philosphy of the whole family approach, follows her flexible routines, picks up on her common sense tips and techniques will have a happier home.  My heart goes out to those parents like us who have suffered the sleep deprivation for years, if other books offer easy to follow steps why are American families still sleep deprived. Ms Hogg has done a terrific job here and my family is living proof. My wife actually slept 10 hours herself for the first time in 4 years last week. Disregard the negative comments, parenting books are controvertial topics and no one said, one syle of parenting suits all read and embrace Ms Hogg's philosophy and decide for yourself.<br />Thank you !! Thank you !! Dan and Dianne + 3 happy kids X X X X X
B000056VIY|1.0|I kind-of like here music, but I don't think she should be on the Latin Page.  Even though she has a latin name, she DOES NOT sing any Latin music, so she shouldn't  be recognized as a latin singer.
B0000399WI|5.0|There aren't enough words in the english language to give this movie the justice it deserves.  An absolutely captivating performance by both Robbins and Freeman.  A story so simple in concept becomes an epic undescribable in words.  No reason as to why this awe-inspiring classic didnt receive the recognition it is so deserving of.
B000056K04|1.0|Sorry, I need to agree with the earlier review.  This is just an awful album - the band has sold out.  So much for the great eclectic mix of music - they are now officially commercialized pop junk.
0486408434|5.0|This book is simply perfect.  Each chapter corresponds to a specific technique and concludes with complete &quot;tricks&quot; that employ that technique.  The chapters generally build on each other, but you can jump around to some extent.  The book's many illustrations make the difficult aspects of the tricks transparent.<br />This book, plus the willingness to practice card conjuring in private and then actually perform the tricks for friends and families will get you there!  I ran one trick 4 or 5 times for one of my colleagues the other day; her only response: &quot;Oh, I get it, it's a trick deck right?  They're all the same card, right?&quot;  Nope.  When I turned over all the cards (revealing a genuine deck) her jaw simply dropped.....
B000002ULO|3.0|It must be great to be Paul McCartney. Do you think a record company exec would ever think of telling McCartney, &quot;I don't hear a single,&quot; or &quot;Nobody's gonna buy this.&quot; Luckily, Sir Paul doesn't just ride on his laurels. The liner notes speak of how laid back the production of this effort was, and how he called up a couple of friends to help out. Yeah, Paul, no pressure. I guaranty you Steve Miller &amp; Jeff Lynne laid awake at night hoping they didn't dissappoint a living legend who asked them for a favor. At any rate, this is a good record. I don't think I've heard Steve Miller sound better. Paul's son plays some guitar on &quot;Heaven on a Sunday.&quot; Maybe I'll live to see Paul McCartney and John Fogerty collaborate on a project. It could be a little rough though, since both guys play EVERY INSTRUMENT EVER INVENTED. Rock on.
B00004VXF2|1.0|I'd be willing to bet a bundle that the vast majority of the folks who are giving this thing 5 stars probably don't even own a copy, and the few who do never actually listen to it. After all, it is nothing but unlistenable noise, a review that The Trouser Press Record Guide refers to as &quot;a description, not a value judgment.&quot;<br />Whether Mr. reed meant this as a joke on the artsy-fartsy crowd, or simply as a way out of his contract isn't known, but it is quite safe to say that he did not mean it as any kind of artistic statement because it clearly isn't one. Unlike say, The Shaggs, who had an innocence and sincerity to their work, this is nothing but cynical manipulation, and that should not be rewarded.
B00004W5CQ|5.0|I remember hearing this album at my friend's house a few years ago and just being blown away.  I have searched every used vinyl store since looking for it to no avail.  Finally it's been re-released on CD and I can die a happy man.  &quot;Hip Pockets&quot; and &quot;Almustafa the Beloved&quot; rival any jazz-funk-rock fusion songs ever.  Cobham's dumming is incredibly intense, Duke's keyboard sounds are revolutionary, Scofield is funky, and Al Johnson is one of the tighest bassists ever.  There is some really out stuff on this album that not everyone will like but there are also a few really amazing gems on it.  I wish they'd release more of the tapes from this concert!  If you buy this album you will not be dissapointed
B000001BX0|4.0|When I saw this cd, I was with a couple friends and we laughed at the cover and the names of the songs. So I bought it as a joke. But when I listened to it, I was like &quot;Damn, this is tight!&quot; These guys are sort of like the Beastie Boys from Mexico, they mix rap with rock, and it's a lot better than a lot of the horrible rap that's out these days, like Puff Daddy, Ja Rule, etc. My favorite songs on here are ... Tu Madre, Puto, Quitate Que Masturbas, Matate Tete, Molotov Cocktail Party, and Voto Latino. I highly recommend this cd!
0316777722|5.0|How many times have you read a review on the jacket sleeve of a book that coins the phrase &quot;laugh out loud funny&quot;, you bought the book, and then wondered if you had missed the section of the book referred to has &quot;laugh out loud funny&quot;?  Well, this is truly a book that will make you laugh out loud.  It took several chapters, but starting with &quot;You Can't Kill the Rooster&quot; and continuing on for several more chapters I couldn't help but laugh as though I were watching a comedy movie in the theater.  Although the book tends to trail off near the end, the middle portion is well worth the investment. Irreverent, honest, poignant, enrapturing ... all descriptives that capture this book.  I was taken in from the first page and didn't let go until I was finished.
0345440757|5.0|This is by far the best read of all the parenting books, I have read them all, while on bed rest for 3 months. I received the book as a shower gift from a girlfriend and I can honestly say it was the best gift I received.<br />I gave birth 3 weeks ago and I use the book as my bible. It is full of common sense and cute acronyms that are easy to remember and work very effectively. When my baby first cried I was ready to rush in and pick her up with bottle in hand But remembered the S.L.O.W Stop Listen Observe then noticing What was the matter it made perfect sense to me.<br />My baby like Ms Hogg suggests is an E.A.S.Y baby Eats Activity Sleeps on cue and I have plenty of You time.<br />I have already sent 8 books out to my expectant friends and work collegues. Fantastic read and the CD is awesome my husband chuckles every time he plays it what a wonderful voice you have.
B000056K04|5.0|Now I'm not an expertise at judging music and how it flows, but as an average listener of music, I have found this CD amazing.  It's one that can be listened by everyone, and yes it is a little different then their other records, but hey change is good.  I especially enjoyed track 3, &quot;The Space Between&quot;, and track 11 &quot;Mother Father&quot;.  If you feel you are in doubt about gettinng this CD, DON'T BE!  I have listened to DMB music since I was 11 and I have found nothing dissapointing.  Those that were dissapointed are looking into the CD WAY TOO MUCH!  If you respect what they do and who they are as artists then who cares if it sounds a little different.  Listeners will still hear all DMB wide array of instruments and the music is still; if not more AMAZING.  DMB has done it again....a little different, but more amazing...out with the old and in with the new!
B00003CWTI|3.0|Although the Hollywood critics may laud this movie, it is way too disjointed to be enjoyed without watching it several times.  I'm guessing.  I don't have the strength to watch it again.  The previews made it look like such a good movie...even the previews tho, have a more consistently flowing plot than the movie itself.  With so many characters [all of whom use inappropriately excessive profanity] that are used to try to make a &quot;deep&quot; plot, they all end up pitiful and shallow.  The cop is the only one who  has anything remotely resembling depth...all the depth the other characters have is contrived.  I give the cast 4 stars for acting well to poorly written rles.  5 stars for the extra DVD of special features, 2 stars for the story and only 1 star for the disjointed plot.
0792110188|5.0|I'm 53 years old and have loved John Wayne since first seeing him at the movies as &quot;Hondo&quot; as a boy. I loved Rio Bravo, but have to give the edge to this remake.  As good as the original was, El Dorado is more enjoyable and convincing to me.  The Duke is as good as he ever was in his usual role as the hired gun with a conscience whose reputation alone strikes fear into the hearts of the bad guys.  Few western actresses could match the young Angie Dickinson in Rio Bravo, but the male supporting cast is better in El Dorado.  Mitchum is excellent, young James Caan adds charm and humor and Arthur Hunnicutt nearly steals the show in the Walter Brennan role as Mitchum's loyal, but crusty deputy, Bull.  For my money, Hunnicutt is one of the great homespun character actors of all time and this is certainly one of his very best performances.  Most don't know his name like they do the great Walter Brennan's but he's just as good or better.  A then noname Ed Asner and Christopher George (TV's The Rat Patrol) are excellent as the main bad guys.  George is actually somewhat likeable as a man willing to sell his gun to the most odious of crooks, but still possessed of a sense of fair play.  Jim Davis (Jock Ewing of TV's Dallas) plays one of Asner's henchmen.  This is just a great cast telling a great old west story.<br />A recent biography of director Howard Hawks points out that Hawks badly needed a hit late in his career when El Dorado was put together.  His effort is evident.  Even the opening credits are great--a series of beautiful western paintings by Olaf Wieghorst, who also appears as the gunsmith, &quot;The Swede.&quot;  The title song by George Alexander is memorable as well.<br />BTW, the poem Caan keeps quoting, which serves as the foundation for the title song, was Edgar Alan Poe's last poem--&quot;El Dorado&quot;, of course.  The movie was filmed just west of Tucson, AZ in what is today Old Tucson--a must tour for anyone interested in westerns. Westerns are still filmed there.  Movies filmed there include Rio Bravo, El Dorado, McClintock, and Rio Lobo by Wayne, as well as many others such as Joe Kidd, Tombstone and even The Three Amigos.
6300274195|2.0|While this movie is entertaining for older children and adults, it is not for my sensitive two-year-old. For a young child, the older elephants are too cruel, scenes too dark, music scary, drunkeness inappropriate, pink elephant sequence too long... Thankfully, we rented from the library before I bought it. My two-year-old loves to watch the storks, Casey the Train and watch Dumbo fly but he asks me to fast-forward through the other parts that make him cry.<br />I'm not trying to discount the other reviewers' feelings and wonderful memories of Dumbo, but just trying to warn those with very young children.
B000006NPY|5.0|O.K.,let's see...drummer Jimmy Chamberlin isn't on the record,it doesn't rock,there's no obvious singles,none of the videos from it were played to death on MTV,it sold a fraction of the copies of past records...is that it? Yeah,so what's your point? A)Yes, Jimmy was an integral part of the band's sound,but his departure simply forced the remaining band members to focus on other aspects of thier sound,resulting in the subtlest,most nuanced and varied music they've ever produced(especially the classic 3 a.m. lullaby &quot;To Shiela&quot;)B)-Records don't always have to slug you in the gut to have an impact,besides when it takes a while for music to sink in,the pleasure lasts longer when it finally does(example-&quot;Daphne Descends&quot;,which seems so slight at first,but let it get under your skin and you'll realize it may be the most intense thing they've ever put out).C) &quot;Perfect&quot; is just that:four minutes of diamond-sharp aural seduction,keyed to an exquisitely yearning melody.D)You know what videos WERE played to death on MTV in 1998? Think Backstreet Boys,Korn,Third Eye Blind,Matchbox Twenty...nuff said...and finally,E)Sinse when do record sales mean a damn thing?All the people who sent &quot;Siamese Dream&quot; and &quot;Mellon Collie&quot; through the roof were simply hopping on the &quot;Alternative&quot; bandwagon because it was the &quot;new thing&quot; the industry was shoving down every one's throat.Now that they've moved on,all that's left are the real fans,and obviously the numbers are gonna be smaller.But a million or so real fans(hell-o!! that's not exactly bad) is better than 8 million shallow scensters anyday.The bottom line is,if you haven't given &quot;Adore&quot; a chance because of all the [stuff] that's been written about in the fair-weather-freind press then you're missing out on an album that more than holds it's own against any thing else the Pumpkins have ever put out.Do yourself a favor,ignore the naysayers,and buy this record.You won't be disappointed;in fact it may end up on alot of your Top 10 lists.(Also,you may want to check out the Vinyl version of the album,usually available from Amazon.com.It's got a different cover,and the version I got was mixed in mono and designed to look like an old album you might find in a flea-market somewhere.Very cool)
B00003CXE7|3.0|I don't really understand why people like this movie so much, maybe its the fighting, maybe its the hype. But anyway for me the acting, cinomatography, and etc. was perfect depicting ancient Rome. The thing I have problem with is the screenplay. It just doens't flow right. The part of Ceaser's Death almost made me fall sleep not to mention I still don't get it. And after Ceaser died the story is only about a man fighting well as a gladiator-which is very predictable. The only thing that saved this movie from my boring list is its twist ending (not telling you what it is). But overall this movie is only ok because some scenes like the beginning and last scene are excellent but many of them in between are pointless.
0735201684|5.0|This new edition of the classic, The Power of Your Subconscious Mind, is the best book it has been my pleasure to read on how to engage your mind to accomplish more.  The new edition, revised by Dr. McMahan, is clearly more than a five star book.  If you sincerely want to improve, this book will make many powerful contributions to your efforts to do so.<br />The book begins by describing the relationship between your conscious (active, focused thoughts) and subconscious (automatic thoughts, such as directing your breathing and heart beat) mental processes.  Your subconscious mind is able to tap into all of your memories (even ones that you cannot consciously remember) and takes emotionally-laden messages seriously (that's why you get adrenaline pumping when you feel afraid, so you have more energy to get away from danger).<br />The key lesson of this is that if you consciously believe something, your subconscious mind is ingenious in finding solutions to your problem.  An example comes with the well-known placebo effect.  If you give people a sugar pill and tell them it will cure their disease, many people will be cured.  The way this works is that their belief in the cure provides changes in the biochemistry of the body that causes the body to go back into a healthy state.<br />This effect has been found to work with those who focus on innovation.  They will leave a problem for their subconscious mind to focus on, and soon a solution appears in a day-dream or in a sleeping dream.<br />The book takes these well-known connections and applies them into virtually every area of living including:<br />Overcoming disease<br />Achieving a result you want<br />Wealth building<br />Innovating<br />Avoiding marital problems<br />Experiencing happiness<br />Having harmonious relations with other people<br />Forgiveness<br />Removing mental blocks to progress (such as writers experience)<br />Reducing or eliminating fear<br />Staying young in spirit as the body ages.<br />The book provides general descriptions of how these mental processes affect physical reality.  Each subject area then contains some examples that relate to the specific area of improvement.  Some examples are well-known ones, while others come from the author's life.  General references are then cited to reinforce the lessons here, which include the New Testament, historical experiences, scientific studies, and contemporary research on these effects.  Finally, the relevant section concludes with very specific instructions for pursuing the effects.  This information usually includes possible affirmations to reiterate with emotional conviction several times a day.<br />I personally can subscribe that the methods here work, having employed them in my life for many years.  Unlike the books that encourage you to do affirmations, this one makes the connection to holding real belief and experiencing emotion about that belief.  Affirmations that are not based on emotional belief that you have made these changes are a waste of time.<br />Most people know about the power of changing beliefs and acting in accordance with those beliefs.  Yet, they do not follow through.  They lack faith in the reality they want to create.  This edition will make it much easier for you to have that faith, because the book is quite credible.<br />If you have enjoyed books like Think and Grow Rich and The Power of Positive Thinking, you will find this book to be an improvement over even those superb self-help classics.  This book provides more reasons to have confidence in this method, more ways to apply this way of improving, and directions for you in how to change more parts of your life.  As you improve in one area of your life, it will be easier for you to go on and improve in the next.<br />Let me share an experience I had in rereading this book.  I was waiting for a friend who wanted to discuss some important decisions he is about to make.  Because his flight was delayed, he never arrived at themeeting.  With nothing to do but wait, I wandered into the hotel gift shop.  It had only about a dozen books in it, and this was one of them.  I bought the book, and realized that the book provided the answers to many of my friend's concerns.  We finally got together the next day, and I gave him the book.<br />I came away from that experience feeling that his delay in arriving was somehow connected to helping him accomplish his desire to improve.  The delay meant that the book came into his hands with directions on what to focus on.  That event would not have occurred otherwise.<br />If he hadn't been serious about wanting to improve, he would never have contacted me.  I would not have been waiting for him.  Further, I would not have been thinking about his problems that night when I saw the book in the store.  Also, I would not have been thinking about his problems as I read the book.  Because he persevered, he finally made it to see me the next day so I could give him the book.  The rest is up to him now.<br />I do suggest that you also share this book with others whose minds are muddled about what they want and expect.  In that way you can help them see and enjoy the beautiful life that they can create with the right mental focus.<br />Focus on the good . . . and it will follow.  Avoid the alternative!t the meeting.  With nothing to do but wait, I wandered into the hotel gift shop.  It had only about a dozen books in it, and this was one of them.  I bought the book, and realized that the book provided the answers to many of my friend's concerns.  We finally got together the next day, and I gave him the book.  <br />I came away from that experience feeling that his delay in arriving was somehow connected to helping him accomplish his desire to improve.  The delay meant that the book came into his hands with directions on what to focus on.  That event would not have occurred otherwise.<br />If he hadn't been serious about wanting to improve, he would never have contacted me.  I would not have been waiting for him.  Further, I would not have been thinking about his problems that night when I saw the book in the store.  Also, I would not have been thinking about his problems as I read the book.  Because he persevered, he finally made it to see me the next day so I could give him the book.  The rest is up to him now.<br />I do suggest that you also share this book with others whose minds are muddled about what they want and expect.  In that way you can help them see and enjoy the beautiful life that they can create with the right mental focus.  <br />Focus on the good . . . and it will follow.  Avoid the alternative!
B00003CXE7|4.0|Living in the overseas, I bought this DVD for all the hype that surrounded its theatrical release, and I was pleasantly astonished. The protagonist is your basic paladin-type filled with honor and truthfulness, which led to his problems. The villain is very well realized to a point that I wished that the protag. would destroy him in grand fashion. He is THAT despicable! Every character had his/her strength... I didn't care too much for the always-weeping sister to the antagonist, but that's just a minor problem. The fights were very enjoyable (pardon me for using the term &quot;enjoyable&quot; for people being slaughtered) and believable. The sound is magnificent on a 5.1 system.
B000056N8X|4.0|I must say I love the hihglander lore...The thought of immortals battling through time intrests me....However I was a fan of the show more than the movies...The movies were good but the tv series was my fav...However this movie which features both Highlander pkus characters from the tv show was a treat..It was enjoyable to watch the action scenes were well done.  The plot although a little thin was easy to follow. I recommend this mmovie to anyone craving a little action in thier life.
B00000IAU3|4.0|When I first heard &quot;Don't Think Of Me&quot; and &quot;Here With Me&quot; I had no idea who this haunted singer was. I only knew that I wanted to hear more. For me, she is reminiscent of the late and much missed British singer/songwriter Kirsty MacColl without the acerbic tongue and caustic wit. In fact, if you are a fan of Dido and  have never heard Kirsty you should pick up a copy of &quot;Titanic Days,&quot; a breath-takingly eloquent album that never received enough notice in the States.  I am truly pleased that Dido is reaching a large audience, partially from her cameo on the Eminem album, more from her college and easy-listening airplay. At at time in music where teenybop pop pap and rap dominate the charts, Dido, is a hopeful and much needed voice for the future.
1568497369|5.0|I fisrt read this book when i was in 8th grade in my Reading class. I didnt know about the book then and when i first started reading it i absolutely loved it! Agatha Christy was an amazing wrighter, i read a couple of her books and this was far by the best book i have ever read in my life. I am reading the book now (3/3/01) this being my 87th time reading it. I love the book more and more each time i read it. I highly recommend reading this book. If you are the type that LOVES murder and mystery and wont know the killer till the end of the book then you will love this book.
B00004Y87O|4.0|ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK is a movie that proves that action doesn't have to be excessive and messy to be fun and that if it's kept simple enough it can still be good quality entertainment.  The makers tried to practically remake this movie years later as ESCAPE FROM L.A. throwing in everything they could think of and it was a flop.  I asked my friend what he thought of L.A. and he said it was great, I showed him NEW YORK and he loved it.  Almost same story, and much simplar.  Anyway on with the review.<br />Future society's crime rate has risen skyhigh (400%)  To help combat this, Manhattan island is transformed into a super lock up prison surrounded by walls, armed guards and mines.  The worst criminals get sent here to live till they die, no pardons.<br />Former war hero Snake Plisskin (Russell plays such an unpleasant character, he could almost be one of the villians,) is on his way to New York for getting caught robbing the Federal Reserve, when he is offered a deal.  He must rescue the President who'se plane has crashed into New York by terrorists.  It is important that the President be rescued in 24 hours so that he can attend a peace summit that could prevent nuclear war.  To ensure Snake's loyalty, small explosives have been implanted inside of him that will go off in 24 hours.  If he succeeds, he'll get a pardon.  It's do or die, but Snake accepts. &quot;Either way, I go in.&quot;<br />Maneuvering through the decayed urban mess of New york, Snake must battle scavengers, &quot;crazies&quot; and other unpleantness on his mission to rescue the President.  Snake even gets help form some old friends, all of whom tell him, &quot;I thought you were dead!&quot;<br />Chock full of some terrific paseing, great characters, and decent action scenes, ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK is a cool movie that today's action movies can learn a lesson from.  Cool box art too.
6304211740|3.0|It wasn't the best, but a nice way to spend a Saturday Night. They've adapted the book quite well, changing a few things around, but not much. It's a very dramatic movie, and there is chemistry between Mr. Rochester and Jane. And the characters do look as how I pictured them, Mr. Rochester handsome in an odd way, and Jane . . . well, let's just call her a plain Jane. Why not check this movie out?
B000050XEI|4.0|When I first heard this CD, it was part of a clip off this website.  Actually, to be precise, the first one I heard was &quot;Wild Child&quot; and, to this day, it remains my favorite, although it is closely followed by &quot;Flora's Secret.&quot;  I find this music very enjoyable, and I hope you do, too.
0767802519|5.0|I cannot recommend enough this film, in its full European version. It somehow manages to explore taboos of love and death without being pedantic or mystical. Its characters, described, sound like they must be cardboard cutouts, but each unique individual is brought to life by the actors and the screenplay. It's a rare film that can evoke such a range of emotions, from vicarious thrills to real loss or triumph. Rarer is one that can evoke sympathy for the romantic love of a young girl for a father figure, and even for his eventual reciprocation. <br />I recall one scene, in which the two are forced to part due to some danger, in which I felt the type of &quot;fierce sadness&quot; of true love denied, of innocent life trampled. Yet at the same time one is aware that their love cannot be, that their lives at that moment may fit but that it is a moment seized from time, a moment that cannot continue. In that way, that grasping, it is like a mirror of our own lives, that we seize a moment in time and hold it, fiercely, as the waters rush in.<br />Do see this film.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Once again, this three-man band from Norway has struck again, in typical A-ha fashion.  As is usual for A-ha, it takes two or three times through the album to fully appreciate the artistry.  Then, songs like &quot;Little Black Heart&quot;, &quot;Velvet&quot;, &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;, &quot;The Sun Never Shone That Day&quot;, and &quot;You'll Never Get Over Me&quot; begin to take over one's mind.  &quot;Summer Moved On&quot; takes advantage of Morten Harket's incredible voice range, and &quot;Velvet and &quot;You'll Never Get Over Me&quot; contain a clever weaving of multiple melodies. This may be the band's very best.  Enjoy!
B00005214X|5.0|The album is by far the best solo Beatle album. The new edition sounds glorious, the re-mastering picking up things I never heard before. I happen to like the Phil Spector production, so thank you George for not messing with it. Great songs, great playing. Clapton, Badfinger, Dave Mason, and Ringo!!!<br />As for the packaging, yes George is a tad curmudeonly, but he has always had a pretty dry sense of humor, and he just happens to be right about the shape that the planet is in.<br />The bonus tracks  are very nice. 'I Live For You' is a real gem. The new version of 'My Sweet Lord' isn't very good, but George has been through a lot lately. I'm just glad he's back making music.<br />This re-issue couldn't have come at a better time. Music this glorious needs to be discovered and treasured by music lovers young and old. It is so good , I went to ... and picked up the vinyl to sit alongside my original Apple set....
B00004ZB9D|1.0|I am disgusted at the state of society in which Lenny Kravitz is not only one of the most popular artists, but is hailed for bringing some sort of rebirth of classic rock.  Comparing Lenny Kravitz, a man who's lyrics sound like an interpretive reading of a Dr. Suess book, to bands such as Led Zeppelin, The Who, Pink Floyd, or other classic rock greats is laughable to say the least.  The so-called bonus tracks on this album are the most horrid swill that Lenny has churned out of his mediocre music machine to date.  &quot;Again&quot; follows one chord pattern throughout the entire song and is the single most boring song I have ever listened to.  I was suprised that Lenny didn't follow his usual style of making his songs loud and obnoxious to appeal to the teenage masses he targets.  Although perhaps detracting from the actual substance of this song with over-used distortion would have been useful to Mr. Kravitz.  This song puts not only the genre of rock to shame, but music as a form of self-expression on the whole as well.  After viewing several performances of Lenny and his humorous band on various television venues I have drawn several insteresting conclusions about there work.  The concepts of tempo, tone, and pitch have seemed to have completed eluded this group, not only are they stylistically flawed, but Lenny himself seems to have very limited skill at the guitar.  For a man attempting to bring back classic rock perhaps learning how to play the solos on his new songs would be a good first step.  I wonder if a few studio guitarists had to take over for Mr. Kravitz on some of the more difficult portions of this recording.  Mr. Kravitz is as empty an artist as they come.  His lyrics are boring and shallow, his music is simplistic and childish, and his supposed &quot;out-there&quot; fashion sense is nothing but a product of a good publicist and a knack for copying the styles of others.  If only Lenny could so skillfully copy the styles of others in his music, perhaps this CD would be worth buying, but Lenny cannot even offer us a pale duplicate of the music of others.  Instead we are offered a bastardized musical rendering which is uniquely Lenny.  In fact, Lenny's complete lack of musical ability is the only thing that makes him unique.
B00004T37H|5.0|The first time I watched the movie Princess Mononoke I sat there with my mouth open. If there is a movie you want, get Princess Mononoke because it is great. Everything about it is wonderful, from the plot to the animation to the characters. It is my favorite movie, and no matter how many times you watch it, it is exciting. I would recommend this to people over 8, because there is some bad language and violence in it. But other than that, it is the best movie EVER. Buy it and enjoy!
0394721780|5.0|I hardly ever buy cookbooks without pictures, but this is the exception.  I find myself refering to this and the second volume more than any other cookbook I own.  If you are one of us who knows that French is THE cuisine, then you must own these two books.
B000002JOH|5.0|...This album is an outstanding example of everything metal should be: pissed-off, politically driven vocals, thunderous drums, relentless bassline and guitar work purged from the bowels of Hell itself. This album just blasts off into the first song and doesn't let up on you for one second until the beautiful closer, &quot;Hollow&quot;. <br />In closing, I just recently got into Pantera after hearing all the hype about them at my school. I'm glad I did because this is one of the most musically and lyrically talented bands around. Thank God they're here to keep real metal alive with all this other horrible music polluting the radio and television today....
B0000524CY|5.0|This is a scary,bloody,freaky amazing film. I love it this is so amazing it ranks on the same list as &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; which is obviously the best film ever made. It's so great an amazing film. Great performances. I loved it. Definetly see it if not buy it.Great. When I heard they were adding extra stuff and releasing &quot;The Version You've Never Seen&quot; I ran out and bought it watched it, and loved it. See it!
6304626495|5.0|I'm not sure what to say about this movie.  It's better than Monty Python and the Holy Grail for it's plot and structure, but not as good as it because it's not quite as funny (though the stoning sequence is one of the funniest things they've ever done).  So, anyway, here's pretty much what happens...some dude born in bethlehem is mistaken as the messiah, and is pursued relentlessly by his followers, before being captured by the romans...a few of which who have hilariously unforgettable speech disorders.  This is rated R for female pubic hair, some swearing, maybe some violence, and making fun of christianity (I think conservatives rate movies...).  Anyway, like any Python film, this is not to be missed.
6305750750|3.0|Well, George, if I can call you George, .... The Empire Strikes Back is still my favourite movie.  I am going to try to be positive because I figure you have taken alot of flak for this.  The first ten minutes are awesome!   DIE BAD ROBOT DIE!   Then Jar Jar Binks enters the film.  Anyway, we can lose him in the second. [Should have had him less homnoid-looking; maybe kangaroo-like] I love the way the queen talks.  Same with the Federation yokels.  And I like the kid's mom's accent too.   Uh ..... great special effects.  Without peer.  The sabre battles are perfekt.  That Darth Maul can move.  He must have hired for his background in dance, either that or his double.  Those sabre battles are the best part of the movie.  Except for the music during those sabre battles.  Battle of the Fates.  Unbelievably moving. Beyond words.   Constructive critcism you want?  I liked the old Yoda doll better, but you can edit that when you rerelease it.  Whosever doing his voice doesn't sound at all like Frank Oz.  Jar Jar Binks should be less homonoid and  I must admit I wanted him dead from the moment I saw him.  <br />I didn't see this until March of 2001.  Everyone I talked to said it was a &quot;kid's movie&quot;.  If you ask me it was only slightly better than Return of the Jedi... which I loathed.   The First two movies released are still the best and I would dare anyone to find another movie which compares to Star Wars or Empire.  This one, however, .... George, please take your time on the next one.  Sand it.  wax it.   Sand it again.  There are very few Mozart's in the world.  Beethoven had to rewrite again and again.  This movie needs some sanding.  <br />To be honest if you made JJB less homonoid looking and not so annoying [and less prevalent], the movie would be vastly improved right there. The kid needs to redo his scenes until it doesn't sound forced.  And the ending.... the kid just isn't REAL if you get my meaning.  <br />Take your time on the next one George.  It's your baby.
6304711905|2.0|I usually HATE westerns, but while having another of my insomniac attacks, I ended up watching Wyatt Earp with Kevin Costner and Dennis Quaid, etc.  I don't EVEN like Kevin Costner, but LOVED this movie and have watched it several times since!<br />Being interested, now, in the life of Mr. Earp, my husband and I rented Tombstone. What a disappointment!!!!! I love Kurt Russell, but was sooooooo disappointed in his characterization of Wyatt Earp. He seemed like such a coward, always wanting to run to get away from the &quot;bad guys&quot;! WHAT?!?!? Totally different portrait than anything I've ever heard or read of the REAL Wyatt Earp.<br />Now, again, Val Kilmer did an excellent job portraying Doc Holliday! &quot;I'll be your Huckelberry!&quot; Too funny! We LOVED his performance! He is actually the only reason for watching this movie! <br />Watch both Tombstone and Wyatt Earp -- and you will see that Wyatt Earp is a MUCH better movie!!!
6302426499|5.0|See this film.<br />It is a masterpiece in all ways. It has a slow first half. It pays off in the second half.<br />Beyond its art, it has courage and faith in and surrounding it. <br />When you watch Keaton, part of the wonder is, since he did his own stunts, he risked death for a gag. <br />Everyone involved in this film risked death being a part of it. When it was made, Brezhnev had recently seized Soviet power, and the swing was toward Stalinism. Beyond being a testament to the Soviet banned religion, it portrays the communists as the tartars, hooligans who ravage everything in their way.<br />The movie's second, wonderful ending, of course, is that the film is here and the Soviet Union is gone.<br />It's well filmed, although the acting is SOOOOO solemn. All movies of this period are. Were smiles and laughter invented after 1800? To watch movies depicting the period before, joy seems foreign.<br />thomas_bradley@hotmail.com
B000002UAC|5.0|The first Beatle album &quot;Please Please Me&quot; was still at the top of the English charts when this second one came out. And it wasn't a big surprise, I think, that &quot;With The Beatles&quot; replaced it quickly, moving it to #2. The Beatles phenomenon was already a big thing on England, and the collective histeria that this four guys were generating make the fans and critics create big expectatives with the next album...They were always waiting.<br />And The Beatles were there to surprise them. In retrospective, and looking only at the first era of The Beatles' story, this album sounds better to me than &quot;Please Please Me&quot;. It may not contain some of the autenthicity and lovely &quot;first time-tryers&quot; taste that the first album brought, but you can hear lots of improvements, made in less than half a year. <br />On this LP, John Lennon is still the leader of the band. His compositions are &quot;simple love songs&quot;, reminding happy days or looking for a hit, but joyful and energetic sounds. Lennon dominates the album, as he's the lead vocalist on most tracks. &quot;It Won't Be Long&quot;, the opener, is an up-tempo, catchy and luminous number conceived by him with help from Paul. The background vocals are awesome. He's always singing about love: &quot;All I've Got To Do&quot; and &quot;Not A Second Time&quot; have melancholic lyrics (particularly the second one, talking about a dissapointed boy who doesn't want to give his love again to the same girl), but the most notable thing about them are the musical arrangements: the drum changes on the first one, and the chord progression on the second, show you how The Beatles were always trying new things to surprise everyone. &quot;Little Child&quot; is a Lennon/McCartney collaboration, with a bluesy taste, given by the piano and harmonica in the background, and the prominent vocals. &quot;I Wanna Be Your Man&quot; (Ringo's vocal outing) is another composition written between the two leaders of theband, notable for its lyrical simplicity, and for fitting perfectly on Ringo's personality, double-tracked lead vocal and even drumming. <br />Paul McCartney contributes with two songs: the brilliant hit &quot;All My Loving&quot; (a letter-type song, with an awesome rhythm guitar by John, a country-ish lead guitar solo by George and Paul dueting with himself in the last verse!) and the low point of this album &quot;Hold Me Tight&quot;, about which Paul himself has said it was merely a filler, and not a very good one. George also appears here as a composer here, with the spectacular &quot;Don't Bother Me&quot;, his recorded debut. The chords used to fit into the long verses made this song a challenge to record. The environmental percussion used here is amazing. A lot of production was being done. <br />And the covers are good choices. Chuck Berry's &quot;Roll Over Beethoven&quot; sung by a double-tracked George Harrison is an all-time favourite, and one of the best covers ever released by The Beatles. Even the hand-clapping helps this song to sound better than the original. Paul's omnipresent sweet side comes out with his fine vocal performance of the nearly-acoustic number &quot;Till There Was You&quot;. &quot;Please Mister Postman&quot; and &quot;You Really Got A Hold On Me&quot; are both fans' favourites, sung by John. &quot;Devil In Her Heart&quot; is a surprise: George sounds innocent and sweet singing lead, on an old american favorite, and the rhythm structure is unusual by a Beatle number. The album again  closes out with John giving his throat out, this time with the Motown classic &quot;Money (That's What I Want)&quot;. His vocal performance is impeccable, and the piano makes it even more notable. <br />People were expecting everything from The Beatles: all the time they were &quot;With The Beatles&quot; in their heads. The first album had put a very high level of exigence to the second one, but the race was won. The Beatles were there. Yes, for a second time. For those who didn't believe a group like this could last, it's been more than 38 years from the first releasing of this album, and it still sounds fresh and sparkling, as it was *again* only the second time we heard them. The Beatles surprised everyone with this songs. Let them surprise you too: buy the album now.
0525945636|5.0|This is the first work of Mr. Follet's I have had the pleasre of reading.  I'm a fan of Clancy and Ludlum, and Follet's Code to Zero is the perfect bridge between the two.   If your familiar with The Bourne Identity, you will feel as you begin this work that you are reading a decidely similar story.   Follett quickly adds several twists and turns to show you that he is a master suspence writer on his own behalf. Follett adds just the right amount of technical information to keep Clancy fans satisfied, while incorporating a strong romantic story to entangle and unite an extraordinary collection of characters.
6303402348|5.0|I usually do not remember movies from year to year.  However, this one is a strong exception.  Whether it was the dramatics, the dry humor, or the general time sequence of watching Forrest  grow up, this movie is captivating on all accounts and then some.  Definitely worthy of repeated viewings.  This is an all time classic.
B00000HYXB|1.0|This seems WAY out of place for something inspired by an Epic Fantasy. It, I suppose, is a hard thing to make music inspired by a book, but METAL for FANTASY? If it didn't say Middle Earth on it, I wouldn't know it was even remotly related.
0780020685|5.0|A wonderful movie, with all the elements you could want - action, character development, tension, humor, brilliant photography. News to the reviewer from Palm Beach, FL USA - the 1956 &quot;Seven Samurai&quot; IS the original rather than &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot;- wasn't the black and white film a giveaway?
6305165912|1.0|I was told by many people to see this movie because it was &quot;hilarious!&quot; Sure it was! I laughed a whole 3 times during the movie. I feel bad for anyone who shells out money to see this pointess film. The plot goes nowhere. With so many charcters twists in the movie you would think the ending would make the movie better. NO! No charcter was funny at all. If you are into drugs then this is the movie for you!
6304458304|5.0|Once again, Clint Eastwood is the central figure in an action movie.  However, this time he plays a man with flaws and vulnerabilities.  He is Frank Harrigan, a Secret Service agent who is still tormented by his failure to protect John Kennedy on that tragic day in Dealey Plaza.  Fate hands him an opportuntity for redemption when a psychotic assasination buff targets the President.  He is drawn into a deadly game of cat and mouse with the killer, who is fascinated by Harrigan's role in history as the only active agent to have ever lost a president.  Harrigan struggles with self-doubt and age as he attempts to prevent history from repeating itself.  An excellent film.
B000056N8X|1.0|As a HUGE fan of the original Highlander movie and the TV series, I looked forward to this release.  What a disappointment!  Can't the writers/directors/producers come up with a decent sequel to the original movie???  The TV series has far more interesting 1 hour episodes than this movie has in it's 2 hours.  The only redeeming quality is that they did not make the immortals space aliens or magicians or sorcerers this time around.  This movie could have been a great story that should have taken place within the timeframe/confines of the first movie, as we all know Connor wins the prize at the end of the first movie.  But no, the writers have you jumping between familiar settings from the first movie (for foreshadowing purposes??) and then change the well known ending of the first one??  What? Huh?  If your confused by this, you will be confused as to how this movie ties into the Highlander universe.  Furthermore, there are more holes in this movie than a net.  Why doesn't Methos fight Kell?  Methos has more kills than anyone.  (When you see this movie you will understand what I mean).<br />On the positive side, the action sequences are great.  It is good to see characters from the first movie and the TV series interact.  And, as mentioned earlier, the immortals are human; at least as human as immortals can be.  They have no special powers.  The villians are good and have great lines.<br />This movie is a decent but ultimately wasteful effort by the writers.  Not as bad as Highlander 2 or 3 but not even in the same ballpark as the original movie.  Gentlemen, please try again.  And this time, watch the original movie and stick within the boundries.
B00004SU5J|5.0|But I love this, this album is technically superb and an all around well produced album.  It sounds really nice at any time of the day, so enjoy.
B000002U84|5.0|If I have to recommend Duran2 in one album, RIO is definitely the one.  This is the album which inspired my love for music production.  Unfortunately, I was dissapointed to discover subtle changes in the CD remastered version than in the original vinyl/cassette version.  Specific synthesizer textures have been left out of 'My Own Way'and 'Hold Back the Rain'. I hate it when record producers remaster tracks years later and compromise the original recordings we have grown up to love.  RIO is still a distinguished all time classic for everyone's CD collection!
B000020617|5.0|The guy who wrote to say this CD was terrible and said &quot;Dave,face it,your a drummer&quot;,must not have even listened to this CD. The guitar work is excellent! Anyone who plays or like guitar driven music knows that. And although it doesn't sound like their last album,who wants it to? The Foo Fightrs are evolving. Nicely! Grohl knows how to write beautiful songs and you can feel the emotion in the music. But he still like to turn up his amplifier and rock out. And does it with class. I'm looking forward to the Foo Fighters next CD.
027303345X|5.0|I just cannot believe how on earth this book could have gone out of print, I mean, it isn't as if these skills were anything like common currency in the business world.<br />This book should be compulsory reading for any manager, executive or aspiring entrepreneur - and anyone whose thinking of being a politician, a lawyer or a doctor. This book is simply the best thing I have across in a very long time. It encourages clean and clear thought, the considered arrangement of ideas, the balanced approach to dynamics and perspective and importance.<br />I still can't get over the fact that this book is out of print, anyway. If you want a good, very good, primer on Logic in Writing and Thinking then Barbara Minto has something very special for you.<br />regards,<br />martyn_jones@iniciativas.com
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is easily one of Iron Maiden's best album's of all time. Every track is excellent with not one bad song on the whole album. My two personal favorite's on the album are &quot;Aces High&quot; and &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot;. &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot; is just an incredible song. It is about Thirteen Minutes long and is the highlite of the album. &quot;Aces High&quot; is a perfect opening song for this album, followed by &quot;2 Minutes To Midnight&quot; which both of those songs are off of the Iron Maiden &quot;Best Of The Beast&quot; Album. Losfer Words is a great instrumental. &quot;Flash Of The Blade&quot;, &quot;The Duellists&quot;, &quot;Back In The Village&quot; amd &quot;PowerSlave&quot; are also great hard hitting tracks. This is easily a 5 star album and definetly worth getting.
B000002J20|5.0|A really masterpiece that definitely cannot be approached without having listened before to Fragile, Relayer and Close To The Edge. It sounds mellow and delightful, but it can really be somewhat boring if left sounding in the background. Please: sit down, relax, and pay attention... just as if you were to the cinema to see a Fellinis work. As I use to say, this album represents Richard Wagners Ring in the Yes career. A must have for everyone who considers itself a prog-music researcher.<BR>The best proof to my words are the couple or so reviews surely  written immediately after listening to this album for the very first time. No authentic Yes fan, with years enjoying To Be Over or Close To The Edge  can really assess a lower than 5 stars rating to this. Poor of that guys who try to compare to Limp Bizkit or any other mid-90 post-techno pretentious prog band.
0805210393|3.0|Having read a few works by Kafka to include The Trial, I must say that I found them very enjoyable and thought-provoking. However, I found The Castle to be quite tedious reading.  I feel that he pretty much made his point in the first 10 chapters and the last 10 did not add anything to the theme or to the interest I had in the story line or characters.  The Castle is very similar to The Trial:  there is a man who is being controlled by persons/forces unseen, there are many absurd acts and situations, the man is helpless, no one can/will help him, etc...  This all worked very well with The Trial but here it just doesn't and maybe because it is an unfinished body of work.  But even knowing how Kafka planned on ending it (which is included in this edition), I still don't believe it would add much. Perhaps another reason it doesn't work is because the character in The Castle chooses to stay in the village and willingly and knowingly makes things worse for himeslf.  I found myself wondering why this guy just didn't go back from where he came.  Whereas in The Trial, the character had nowhere else to go for he lived his whole life in that village so it made his predicament much more plausible and interesting. So, should you read this?  Well, if you are a casual reader of Kafka, like myself, I would suggest reading The Trial first and if you like that then try this book.  However, if you read The Trial and find it dry, then don't bother with this.  If you are an avid reader of Kafka, then you probably have already read The Castle, enjoyed it, and are wondering what planet I am from.
B0000027F3|5.0|It's not even the (sometimes simple but exceptional) tunes that matter here - the reasons for this being one of the most important albums in Metal history (playing in the league of &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; and &quot;The Number of the Beast&quot;) are the incredible level of musicianship and the quality of all vocal and instrumental contributions... Glenn Tipton and K.K. Downing deliver the wildest, fastest and most creative guitar performances of their entire careers - for example, the guitar break in the title tune and the intro to &quot;Metal Meltdown&quot; are simply mindblowing, but the album overflows with terrific licks; Rob Halford's almost supernatural screams have never been more effective (God, he didn't even sound that great when he was in his 20s - and, at the same time, not half as loud), and the fabulous Scott Travis (who may have caused this miraculous resurrection of a band) beats rhythms you've rarely heard outside the Trash Metal scene, whipping the band from one climax to another.<br />The energy level is incredibly high right from the start. Aptly, Scott Travis starts it all with a stunning drum intro, then the title tune jumps out of the speakers, bringing you to your feet however jaded you feel. You won't get time to relax throughout the album's first half, which is an unparalleled tour de force of unrelentingly wild but nevertheless melodic performances.<br />The second half shows that JP haven't forgotten their Prog Metal past by putting the the main emphasis on elaborate songwriting instead of sheer power - in this respect, &quot;A Touch of Evil&quot; could already have been on the &quot;Sad Wings of Destiny&quot; album (well, I may exaggerate a little, but not too much), and &quot;One Shot at Glory&quot; is even better - but the sound and the mix are much more in-your-face, so these tunes are as artistically fulfilling as JP's 70s stuff and at the same time as accessible as their Arena Rock albums of the 80s... In short, this is a journey through the Priests's entire catalog and far beyond.<br />If you're even marginally interested in Heavy Metal, don't miss this CD!<br />PS: I don't recommend that you listen too closely to the lyrics, they're really horrible - look at the comic character on the sleeve, and you know what to expect ;-)...  But Heavy Metal was never about literature, right?
B000002KDB|4.0|Second album of Emmylou Harris, the first one being unavailable, the 1975 PIECES OF THE SKY is excellent. You will already find in it the name of a certain number of people Emmylou will work with in the years to come. For instance, Rodney Crowell, the author of &quot; Bluebird Wine &quot; and future composer of the most interesting albums of Emmylou Harris. Dolly Parton, whose &quot; Coat of Many Colors &quot; is one of the highlights of PIECES OF THE SKY and Linda Ronstadt who can be heard in the background vocals of &quot; Queen of the Silver Dollar &quot;.<br />What stroke me the most while regularly hearing PIECES OF THE SKY during the last weeks is the professionalism of the production of the album. Every instrument has got its moment of glory ; Ricky Skaggs's fiddle, Glen D. Hardin and Bill Payne's pianos or James Burton's guitars can be appreciated during long moments because Emmylou knows that the atmosphere of a song is not only created by the talent of the singer.<br />Billy Sheril's &quot; Too far Gone &quot; is the first hit of Emmylou and will appear in all the future anthologies dedicated to the artist but I personally prefer &quot; Boulder to Birmingham &quot; - a composition of Emmylou - or &quot; Sleepless Nights &quot; with its delicate and melancholic mood. I also liked the rendition of Lennon/Mc Cartney &quot; For no One &quot; . A curiosity.<br />An excellent choice.
B0000508U6|4.0|This album is truly wonderful, a great first album from a band destined (I think) for greatness.  There is an innocent quality to this album that will grow on listeners after repeated listenings.  At first listen, I think the album sounds overly simple, the songs indistinguishable.  It takes a few listens before Spies and Sparks become two different songs in your head, and the melodies will click into place after that.  Song by song, however, this is a rewarding album.<br />It begins with Don't Panic, a beautiful 2 minute opener that sets the tone for the somber yet hopeful album.  Shiver is the second song, one of the few upbeat moments on the album.  Most people like this song and (could you guess?) Yellow more than any others on the album.  Spies and Sparks are songs 3 and 4; there is nothing wrong with them, but they are two of the less eventful songs on the album.  Yellow is song 5 - if you don't love this song... then you're probably not reading this review.  And you definitely should not buy the album.  This is one of the best songs made by anyone in the past few years.<br />The second half of the album is equally good.  Trouble is a medium tempo song, quite good.  Parachutes is the best 57 second song ever made.  High Speed is excellent - medium tempo.  The album closes with We never Change and Everything's Not Lost - two of their best slow songs.  Overall, a great album
B00004Y6RO|5.0|Slipknot is a band composed of 9 members who, collectively, form a unique sound un-matched by others. The first single for the CD is &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot;, one of my favorite tracks. &quot;(Sic)&quot;, &quot;Surfacing&quot;, and &quot;Spit it out&quot; are the most popular tracks on the CD. The Digi pack has 6 tracks not included on the original (plus one secret track that is on the original &quot;Eeyore&quot;). Corey's screaming vocals mixed with fast paced drums and roaring guitars are a symphony of noise that are pleasing to my ears. If you've seen the music video for &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; and liked it, then you should definitely buy this CD!
0790743132|5.0|&quot;Casablanca&quot; is one of those films that is not good just in spite of its many defects, but almost because of them. The many qualities it shows push it still further ahead of most films, and it has remained not only a classic, but and enduringly popular one. The acting is excellent, the black and white cinematography is magnificent, and the direction is inspired. When one finds out how this film was really produced, how many rewrites there were, how ignorant everybody was about the ending, it appears incredible that such a film should flow so beautifully. And flow it does on the strength of a peculiar love-story that relies on terribly faulty history to get to us.<br />Rick (Bogart) is a romantic hero with a chance to help those whose causes he has defended his entire life. He is a bitter and reluctant hero, though: being on the side of the losers in Spain, and then being dumped by Bergman in Paris just as the Germans were marching in, have done a good job of turning him into a cynic. Enter Bergman once again into his life, waltzing into his cafe in French-administered Morocco during WWII. This is a romantic story and a romantic view at the world at a time when the world was facing a true hour of darkness. In hindsight, this is all about losers and losing, and it has touched most of us because we can identify with not getting all that we want, with losing big, with great dreams and harsh realities, with big hopes and small results, and, in spite of everything, we can look at Rick and say &quot;Yes, I wish I could be like him, even if it meant losing, again, as he does.&quot; The problems with the film are historic: letters of transit signed by General DeGaulle, who was a sworn enemy of Vichy France and the Nazis, were not going to be respected by the colaborationist French or their German overlords. When Peter Lorre's character explains the wonderful nature of these two letters, it is clear that incredible confusion guided much of &quot;Casablanca&quot; along. When Bogart walks with Claude Rains at the end in what could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship, Rains mentions a French garrison in Brazzaville that they can join, but such garrison was actually pro-Vichy. Errors like these can sink a movie that pretends to be factual, but &quot;Casablanca&quot; aimed from the beginning at being a fictionalized account of the struggle at a time when victory for the Allies was uncertain at best.<br />Bogart loses, but wins. Claude Rains (the police inspector) wins his dignity and a friend. Bergman has her husband, loses Bogart, and goes on. Czechoslovakia will get rid of the Nazis only thanks to the Soviets, and it will take it four decades to get rid of its &quot;liberators&quot; and to recover its democracy. France will lose its empire. Germany will lose the war. <br />There are no happy endings in &quot;Casablanca.&quot; The love story is there but the lovers rise far above their &quot;hill of beans&quot; and become truly noble, particularly Rick, the cynic who still hopes. The only true happy ending is that the Allies did win, but at the time of production that was very much in doubt. Such a memorable film produced memorable lines, like &quot;Round up the usual suspects,&quot; &quot;Vultures, vultures everywhere,&quot; &quot;I stick my neck out for nobody,&quot; &quot;Here it's looking at you, kid,&quot; etc., although Rick never says &quot;Play it again, Sam.&quot; The players are there, as well, in other related films: Bogart in &quot;To Have and Have Not&quot; against a Vichy police inspector, played by the same actor whose role was to be the doorman to Rick's Cafe in &quot;Casablanca.&quot; Paul Henreid (Lazslo) plays a nazi in &quot;Night Train to Munich,&quot; and Ingrid Bergman and Claude Rains will face each other again in &quot;Notorious.&quot;<br /> As in literature, classic films are those pieces of art that seemingly without effort weave in the right moments with the mistakes, the faultless details with the obvious errors. Classics are human; they have to be. Like us, their mistakes only help them get closer to the people they were created for. &quot;Casablanca&quot; has many errors. The whole is and feels almost perfect. My third favorite film truly gets better every time I watch it.
