B00000J7S8|4.0|Listening to Diana Krall's CD, When I Look In Your Eyes, one can't help but sit back and become totally at ease. She and her group come together with a style of jazz so clear and complacent that anyone could fall instantly in love with her and her music and is not like anything I have ever heard before.<br />          Starting off her album is a wonderful song entitled Let's Face the Music and Dance. With a faint reminder of what it's like to be caught in an elevator, this bossa nova becomes a very sexy and relaxing prelude to what the rest of the album sounds like. Her voice is dark, rich, and has an edge that gives character and depth to her staccato delivery. Her music compliments her with the same qualities of her voice. Laden with strings and orchestration this song pleases from the first downbeat to the last.<br />          Devil May Care follows up with syncopated vocals and solos that make anyone just snap or tap along. Her guitarist adds another dimension to prove how smooth her group really is. Between the two soloists, their staccato styles certainly felicitate considerable musical communication.<br />          With an intro eliciting intimate possibilities, Let's Fall In Love catches one in a warm blanket that surrounds fully. The bassist adds a little fun to the song with artful fingers throwing a couple solos out as if to tickle one's ears. The romanticism of the song is akin to many personal experiences in love. Her lyrics get to the heart of emotions with the following lines. I have a feeling, it's a feeling, / I'm concealing, I don't know why / It's just a mental, sentimental alibi / But I adore you / So strong for you / Why go on stalling / I am falling / Our love is calling / Why be shy? <br />          With a hint of Stairway To Heaven, her next song, When I Look In Your Eyes, also her title track, makes one wonder why she was nominated for the Grammy Award in the first place. Simply put, her voice is warm and sultry and makes up for the minimalpiano in the song.<br />          Her next hit, Popsicle Toes, embodies a pop/jazz feel without orchestration found in the previous songs. It was very interesting to listen how the guitar seemed to interrupt her vocals. But with a slight suggestion of The Pink Panther theme, her song affirms how smooth and sexual jazz can be. <br />          As far as fun is concerned, I Can't Give You Anything but Love is the closest thing you'll find anywhere on this CD. Lasting a short two and a half minutes, she delivers vocals in the sexy way only she can and makes use of the entire length of the keyboard not done anywhere else in this album. <br />          Her album certainly has a wonderful compliment of musicians to make such a wonderful sound. If you ever want to just relax for an afternoon and not have a care in the world, place this in your CD player and lie back. Close your eyes and imagine sitting in a jazz lounge with billowing smoke coming from an unseen source. Onstage is the lovely Diana Krall swaying back and forth singing sweet nothings to her microphone. What else could anyone ask for?
B00003CXBK|5.0|THis is fantasy at it's best. Princess Mononoke takes place in fictional pre industrial Japan. A mystical place where dangers and wonders exist in equal measure. In this world gods of nature roam the forest protecting it from harm. The people in this world have discovered how to process ore and find hope of better lives through technology. The greatest achievement of this film is that it really doesn't chose sides. The message of the film is that everyone is competing for scarce resources and will use any rationale to control them. The film itself is beautifully animated(as expected from Miyazaki) with surperb attention to detail. Also the movie has great imaginative designs the forest spirit, and nightwalker are amazing. The little forest sprites are wonderful. I wish I could find one in a tree somewhere.
0345423496|2.0|This is the last part of the story and it could have been the most interesting one but we can recognize there ideas from other fiction sources. The first 2/3 of the book is boring. Its too descriptive. Clarck tries to describe a world at 3001 based in theoretical physics of today, we dont know if could be ever possible, and when action starts its too simple, no suspense. And the final comfrontation to the monolith has been taken from a recent commercial movie of the 90s.
B00005AUBA|4.0|Rock action is far away from more of the recent post-rock albums. Mogwai is wonderful creator, in that it tries to make its sound evolving. The fear and shivering that I couldfelt for both &quot;Young Team&quot; and &quot;C.O.D.Y.&quot;, was not here for this LP. Why? Because there is no more beautiful violence. There are these attempts to escape, these attempts to discover fields of dreams. But, they let us with that impression that mogwai had left its magic.  rock action is shorter, sadder and less creative. However, such songs as &quot;two wrongs..&quot; or &quot;Secret Pint&quot; are purely magnificient. A kind of dissapointment as I was expected far more from this unique band, but it is still a very good album that you have to acquire.
B000050XEI|5.0|Another truly exceptional album from the Divine Enya. This album contains all the traditional sylings of Enya, but much new material and techniques, creating an original and sublime album.
0767903854|5.0|This book is a treasure, even for those (like me) who've never been to Australia.  It's laugh-out-loud funny in that self-deprecating way that Bryson has of making us see what he sees and appreciate the great humor and humanity in a truly strange and wonderful place peopled by quixotic and charming folks.<br />For my money, this is Bryson's best since &quot;Notes From a Small Island&quot; and one of the true &quot;pleasure reads&quot; around.  Don't miss it!
B00003CXP1|5.0|After viewing this film at Duke earlier this year I was astounded by how much this movie gets under your skin and stays there. After I bought the DVD and saw the extra footage I was even more amazed. This movie is by far one of the best of 2000. Though many critics found it to glamorize drug use, I have to disagree and go with the opposite. After you witness this remarkable piece of film, you are left with the eerie feeling of the need to be cleansed. From caffeine to cigarettes to preservatives this movie does what it set out to...
0807126063|5.0|Just great writing.  Great characters.  A story about nothing before Sienfeld made it cool.
B00005J73X|4.0|Wow!  Powerful music.  The opening to &quot;It's my Life&quot; had me in tears.  Anyone who grew up listening to Bon Jovi should own this CD.  It's a great mix of old and new,and the fact that they're all live recordings is just that much cooler.  Loved when the crowd chanted the lyrics to &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot;. So full of emotion and memories.  There's not a bad song on here,and I'd strongly recommend this CD to anyone who considers themselves a Bon Jovi fan.  Heck,even if you don't maybe it's time you start.  This is good stuff.
0553571338|5.0|This book is about a twelve-year-old boy, in a world with out color, music, choices, or differences of any kind. Where people &quot;apply&quot; for children. Where people assign jobs to people. Where people are &quot;released&quot; when they get to old or do something wrong. The main charactor is &quot;Jonas&quot;. Jonas can see color, hear music, and knows of the world before it became like it was presently. Jonas is compelled to change it back. The most emotional part was when Jonas was out in a field and all the kids started playing &quot;war&quot;. The thing is, they don't even know what war is. As they're zapping each other Jonas goes into a fit because he knows what war is. I think that this book is one of the greatest books I have ever read.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Exciter has to grow on you.  Ultra was easy to hear for the first time because of beautiful songs like 'Home,' 'Insight' and 'Freestate' and dancy ones like 'It's No Good,' 'Useles' and the industrial 'Barrell of a Gun.'  That was a nice follow up to Songs of Faith and Devotion--darkness with some added synth ambience.<br />This record is more difficult because of a general lack of much that resembles a melody.  The lyrics are somewhat weaker than usual and the language sometimes oddly stilted.  But the strange thing is, the album flows, from the pulse racing 'Dream On' through the lush verse and sharp synth chorus of 'Shine' to the bluesy remake of 'Sweetest Perfection' rechristened 'Sweetest Condition.'  The album continues along with the subtle U2 inspired 'When the Body Speaks.'  Then comes the gloriously funny parody industrial Songs of Faith and Devotion song 'The Dead of Night' with the most ridiculous lyrics Martin's ever penned.  I originally thought it didn't work, but now I see it as an extreme that needs to happen just at the point it does to wrench you back from the warm serenity of the prior song.  Then an instrumental interlude leads up to the album's gem, the melodious 'Freelove,' probably the most tuneful thing on here.  It has the opportunity to be another 'Enjoy the Silence' if the single version has dance remixes.  Then there is 'Comatose,' a signature Martin Gore fronted song and &quot;I Feel Loved,&quot; the only dance track on the record.  'Breathe' is another one sung by Martin that invokes Biblical names in a tale of deceit.  A pretty interlude leads to the dreamy 'I Am You' with the sentimental 'Goodnight Lovers' closing it out.<br />It's mainly a subtle record with snaps and crackles rather than a BOOM BAP.  But it holds together well.  It's a good album to get you in the mood with it's alternating sensual and lustful songs.  What many songs lack in melody is made up for in mood and atmosphere, adding up to a total experience.
630196697X|5.0|I saw this film long ago on television in my country, under the title of &quot;El rata&quot; (The rat) and, again, a couple of years ago in Paris under the absurd title of &quot;Le port de la drogue&quot; (The port of drugs). Now I have the video and see it every now and then. It is a very well elaborated movie typical of the pre-cold war times in the USA: the anti-communist paranoia, etcetera, along with a love story and, indeed, detectives, though guys and other fantasticaly well combined elements. The work of the Director is great, as well as the perfomances by Widmark and Jean Peters, extremely beautiful. Also, Thelma Ritter was awarded with an Oscar for the second feminine role. This is a must-see by all means and apart from the merits mentioned above, I recomend the superb music and, very particularly, the dialogue between Candy and Lightning Louie at the Chinese restaurant, unforgetable. Buyers will enjoy it very much.
6305627401|4.0|This is one of the best and funniest movies EVER made! EVER!<br />The movie gets five stars.<br />The DVD, unfortunately, is not so impressive.  After the hysterical commentary on Cannibal the Musical, I was expecting another great Trey and Matt drunken rant.  Unfortunately, this DVD has no extra features...at all.  We all heard about all the infamous scenes that were cut from this film.  Where are these deleted scenes?  I mean, they left in Saddam's &quot;rubber toy&quot; and Stan's search for the clitoris.  I wanted to see what they cut out!<br />Considering how great the Southpark:TV DVD's are, I'm not impressed with the lack of extras on the movie.  Then again, maybe they're holding out for a Criterion Collection release of Southpark...
6305508550|5.0|Many of the people on here are becoming too critical with this movie. In my opinion, this is one of the funniest and best movies I have ever seen. Characters like Michael Bolton and Lawrence are just so incredibly funny. 75% of the cast is composed of middle-aged overweight balding men and for some reason that's funny to me. I don't own too many DVDs only because I can't watch many movies more than once or twice, but this movie is full of hilarious scenes that I have to watch every month or two. It's a classic in its own way. If you don't buy it, just watch it.
B00001W0G6|5.0|I think La Dolce Vita is a perfect example for a style in the world cinema,named after his creator - the great Fellini...
0060930187|5.0|This book is full of vivid imagery, bizarre metaphors, smart prose, and a skewed view of the world. It is the poignant story of a brilliant woman, Esther, who is trapped between the worlds of the sexist 50s and academia/career. This struggle leads to her slow demise into mental illness.  I urge all young women to read this book. Its ironic, sarcastic tone is extremely relateable.
B000002UAU|5.0|This is generally regarded by most critics as the single best album of all time. While I am not quite as lavish in my praise; it is certainly in the top three or four and is the highlight of English Psychedelia. It has not aged particularly well, but that is only a minor setback. Fueled by the Beatles interest in a certain green leafy plant it is a whirling potpourri of sound and ideas. The best cut is A Day in the Life which is full of drug related imagery. George Martin does a masterful job of production, perhaps the best any producer has ever done. The front cover of course is easily the most inventive cover for any album. The Beatles creative juices were probably at their height during this. This album was in the right place at the right time. It will always have an honored place in rock history.
B00005J73X|4.0|You would think that Bon Jovi would treat their fans a little better than this.  For all the good songs they have they put out only one live CD???  This should be a triple CD set!  All the recordings are great, but one has to wonder why they would put &quot;In and Out of Love&quot; and a few other songs on here that are questionable, it's not that super of a song when you have the hits that they could have used. If you want better live BJ stuff, think about picking up the Bon Jovi 2000 Collection from Japan.  I highly recommend these CD's.  Each album is pricey, but with each remastered original disc you get a separate CD of demos, unreleased songs and a hell of a lot of GREAT live songs that make this American CD look extremely trite and unworthy of the name Bon Jovi.  This Cd is good, but it could have been so much better and I think the boys really dropped the ball on this one.
B000002I25|5.0|This was released during the summer of love in 1967. It is less psychedelic than other albums of that year, but no less influential. It is more rock oriented. Along with Sgt. Pepper and Surrealistic Pillow (Jefferson Airplane ) it was one of the three most influential albums of that year. It brought back sex and rawness to rock. Light my Fire spearheaded this as the Doors and Jim Morrison blazed in like a comet. Music would never be the same again. Oh, if Morrison hadn't died so young......
B00003CXP1|5.0|Many people have watched this movie and come out a little non-plussed.  &quot;I know people who are on worse drugs,&quot; some have said, &quot;and they haven't come out that bad.&quot;  They have obviously missed the point of the movie.<br />This movie was never a &quot;drug&quot; movie, nor was it intended to be.  It was simply about the state of addiction, and drugs are an easy metaphor for whatever may addict us.  In fact, pills are not the only device the movie uses to make its point.  Note Sara Goldfarb, addicted to TV and food.  As she turns on her TV, it is shown using the same methods Aronofsky uses for shooting up.  Could he be saying that the two are one and the same?  He could, and is, as he states on the DVD.<br />That said, this is a movie about addiction and despair, and how it is easy to fall into a self-destructive trap if we don't face our lives head-on, instead of running.<br />And it's the best, most disturbing thing I've ever seen.
B000002UAR|5.0|If Sgt. Pepper is what put English psychedelia over the top, then Revolver is what jump started it. Lennon's I'm only Sleeping is very mystical and eastern influences abound  throughout the whole album. This is many people's favorite Beatle album. Revolver offers much social insight as is evidenced in Eleanor Rigby. It turned many a head when it was first heard. There is also Paul's wonderful R&amp;B influenced classic, Got To Get You into My Life. Taxman is one of the best Beatle rockers ever. Here, There and Everywhere is a beautiful ballad in the finest McCartney tradition. It's a song that not everyone could handle vocally, but Mac is more than up to the task. Revolver has a nice feel to it even though the material may be eclectic in nature. It is certainly one of the Beatles' best and one of the best albums you'll ever want to hear.
0312954468|5.0|Wilbur Smith is my favorite writer, I would rate most of his books in the 4 to 5 star range, but so far this is my favorite.  We even named our new dog, a yorkie, Taita.  I can't recommend this work highly enough.  It allows the reader to time travel into ancient Egypt.  As with all his books, you hate the end because it's over.
B000002W5J|5.0|One of the three most influential albums released in 1967. The others being Sgt. Peppers and The Doors. This is the first Airplane album with Grace Slick on board. It is drenched in psychedelia and drug influences. Slick brought with her from The Great Society, both Somebody to love and White Rabbit. the latter is loaded with drug references and vivid imagery. This album may be the cornerstone of the San Francisco psychedelic scene. It's influence, not only musically, but socially was staggering. It is truly a classic in every sense of the word.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Why?  Because I cried just watching the trailer and remembering the film.  I saw this (twice) at the movies and I'm not ready to enter this world again.  In the words of Hubert Selby, Jr. during the interview on this disc, &quot;I want my Mommy.&quot;  This movie will make you want your Mommy.<br />I have to say, I didn't realize how deeply this movie had touched me, until I began thinking back on seeing it at the theater...such beautiful images.  Beautiful, but dark and horrible.  After seeing the Selby interview and reading some of the quotes from the novel, I may check out the book.  I recommend this disc for the interview.  I identified with the glimpse it showed of Selby's world view.<br />The function of suffering is to let us know that our perceptions are skewed.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Well, here is Journeys first studio album with new singer Steve Augeri and new drummer Deen Castronovo (the new lineup put out a single on the Armageddon Soundtrack titled &quot;Remember Me&quot;).  Fans of past Journey solo works and side bands will recognize Deen from Bad English, Hardline as well as Neals solo albums.  Steve Augeri is a (good) different story.  His vocal style is similar to that of Perry, but with more of a harder edge (for all those cool rockers).  This has more Journey sound to it than Raised on Radio did.  Jack Blades (from Damn Yankees) contributes to some of the writings (as to Remember Me) and what you have is a winning combination.  The best songs are the Schon/Cain/Augeri/Blades written songs (not necessarily all 4, but a combination of them).  My only gripe is that Deens style does not fit the Journey sound (no offense Deen).  His style is not as polished and doesn't have as much finesse as Steve Smith.  People will often be first to look at Augeris style and compare, but remember Smith was also an intergral part of the band.  All in all, Journey is back and this is a must have!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|THAT IS THE REASON that this collection is on it's way to becoming the greatest seller of all time! 27 no 1 hits,every one a gem... it doesn't get any better then this!
B00003CXP1|5.0|Requiem For A Dream is nothing short of groundbreaking, provocative, disturbing, and most of all entertaining. It is easily one of the best films of 2000 and displays some of the year's best acting as well. The film, as you probably know, focuses on drug addiction. The film focuses on the lives of four people and their addictions. The film focuses on Harry Goldfarb (played by Jared Leto, in one of the best male acting performances seen in 2000) and his friend Tyrone (played surprisingly well by Marlon Wayans) as they decide to make a business of trading drugs on the streets of New York City. Harry also loves to use drugs with his girlfriend Marion (played nicely in an award-nominated performance by the beautiful Jennifer Connelly) who tends to fall out of her deep relationship with Harry several times in the movie. Now, here comes the most excellently told story out of the three parts of the film. Sara Goldfarb, Harry's mother has nothing to do with her life but watch television and eat food, which both are much-loved hobbies. She also sometimes spends time with the other  ladies at the front of the building she lives in as well. You notice these  hobbies as Harry continues to steal her television set for drugs several times with Sara eventually buying the set back. One day, while watching her favorite show &quot;Juice&quot; a show that is meant to help the lives of it's contestants, Sara gets a call that tells her she has been picked to be on the show and will get an application in the mail soon. This turns out to be a trick but Sara sadly does not believe this as she tries to fit back into her favorite red dress that she wore at Harry's graduation. When she doesn't fit into it, she goes on a diet until a friend mentions how her relative took diet pills. After much temptation, Sara decides to get a prescription and to take the pills and eventually is pressured to take more and more to lose more weight while she has yet to get a response from the network when she already mailed out her application months ago. Ellen Burstyn is everything the &quot;Best Actress&quot; should be: believingly heartbreaking, emotive, well-received, and well-liked. Everyone who has seen &quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; knows that she was snubbed at the 2001 Academy Awards and many (including me) would love to get an address of the Academy so letters can be sent showing disappointment. Ellen Burstyn plays the role so well that she is the one character in the film you want to reach your hands out and tell her that she is beautiful, and that she needs to change for the better. However, as sympathetic you feel for the other three characters you undesrtand there actions are intentional as they know the dangerous consequences that may befall on them. &quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; is a movie that can be called &quot;A Just Say No!&quot; film but is so much more even thought it completely teaches about the consequences of drugs. The film is so educational and well-written, directed, and acted the National Film Registry should enter this in their library so the film can get public acknowledgement for it's brilliant story-telling of the consequences of addiction.<br />Rating: 5 Out Of 5 Stars
B000005DQR|5.0|Where could I ever begin on such a memorable, unforgettable piece of music? Well, first off, I have to say that Endtroducing is truly one of the best musical achievements ever. The album flows so perfectly into one experience to the next. At the end, where the voice says, &quot;It is happening again.&quot; over and over... well, I wish it did happen again. Everybody needs to own this, I don't care what type of music, genre you listen to. After you understand it(you have to really listen to it) and what Davis is trying to say through his music, you will be in awe. I cannot wait until his next solo album &quot;drops&quot;.........................
B00005J6T0|5.0|I agree too many times on this s ite somethingis listed with no other information about waht you are evn buying
B000001ELR|5.0|I listened this album when i was in high school (year 1983), i believe this is one of the best rock album of all time. All songs in this album were great, the right words to express it is &quot;The loudest band in the world&quot;, the sound of Eric Carr's drums were dominated all the songs. I you are rock and roll fans, you must own this album, and up till now i never find an album like this one.
B00000AF98|5.0|It's amusing that Kiss fans hate this album because the band has always been a sellout that simply wanted to make $$.  On Crazy Nights they tried to ride the wave of popularity of big hair 80s pop metal bands to further cash in. What's kind of pathetic is that on this album Kiss is actually trying to imitate Kiss imitators!  All those 80s pop metal bands were influenced by Kiss, but instead of trying to do their own thing in the 80s, Kiss just tried to sound like eveyone else. Well, they succeeded...the album has catchy songs and sounds like every other 80s cheese band. I give it five stars because at least on Crazy Nights Kiss is acknowledging that they are nothing more than a pop band riding the trends of the day.
0767805712|5.0|good science fiction, usually is - but off late science fiction movies have tended to focus on special effects and other CGI sizzle.  other than a pre-occupation with armani clothing, this one really focusses on some meaty topics.<br />the central one - how much does society's expectation of success actually influence (either positively or negatively) the actual achievement of success - is an interesting one in the is world of assessment and categorization that we live in.  or in simpler words - what makes folks succeed - good genes or internal drive?<br />the film definitely has a point of view and gently pushes it's premise.  i, and friends of mine who had watched the film, found ourselves rethinking a few assumptions.  not a bad result for a hollywood film.<br />and if all that is too much heaviness for you, don't worry.  ethan hake, uma thurman and jude law in all that armani certainly make nice eye candy.
B000050FEN|5.0|First of all, I have to say, what a movie!  This definitely is one movie to talk about.  This movie exploits the seven deadly sins at their extremes.  This picture has great acting as well as great storyline.  Brad Pitt and Morgan Freedman do an excellent job, not to mention the &quot;John Doe Killer,&quot; when he finally makes his appearance.  The musical score was well done and the video transfer and all the work that they put into this picture is shown beautifully.  As each of the scenes are done to crystal clarity, colors redone to the directors fitting, shots readjusted, you won't see a more stunning quality picture on other DVDs.  The sound effects, especially from the constant rainfall and natural surroundings will astound you.  Excellent use of the Dolby Digital EX and DTS ES systems.  The rain definitely must be mentioned, for it almost plays it's own role as a character.  Often times I found myself double taking and rewinding just to make sure that the sounds I heard were from the movie and not from real life.<br />The Supplemental DVD also has to be noted for it's upstanding part in this Platinum Series.  There is so much to this dvd that you'll spend a full weekend just trying to get through this all.  Commentary on how they redid and re-adjusted everything for this DVD was intriguing.<br />If you liked the movie or had interest in the movie, buy this DVD.  You will not be disappointed.  With a mind blowing plot and beatiful video transfer and musical score to accompany it, you can't go wrong.  Not to mention the extra Supplemental DVD.  Well worth your money and your time.
B00004YA66|4.0|I like this film a lot, was hooked from the start of the movie til the end.  I've been trying to look up the soundtrack CD of this movie but had no luck.  Anyone knows if they have such a CD for this film at all?
078322608X|5.0|This movie is one of those that you might need to see a couple times before seeing everything.  The ending might leave you in a state of confusion or it might leave you in awe.  Eitherway, this movie was good nonethess.  If thinking movies and plot twists aren't your type, then don't bother with this movie.  However, on the other hand, if you ARE interested in those type of movies, watch this movie.  The acting was quite good especially considering the difficulty it would be to play such roles in this type of movie.  Musical score was a little strange, but it fit the movie nicely.<br />This DVD was is a worthy purchase to those who like this movie genre.  Lacking in extras department, you won't really care that they are gone.
0784011796|4.0|Darren Aronofsky's black and white artistic film, Pi, is an intense cinematic experience. This is also the type of film that you can watch repeatedly and see different aspects in it each time you watch.<br />This film will make you think and intrigue you with its spellbinding mixture of real mathematical concepts and their parallels in our everyday lives. <br />Follow the protagonist, Max Cohen, as he tries to make sense of the connections between complex mathematics and the seemingly endless representation of patterns in our daily lives. But, Max is not alone is his exploration of mathematical applications and persuit of the &quot;truth.&quot;<br />Max discovers that he is shadowed by ruthless people who wish to exploit his understanding of these patterns. When he is attacked by these people, he finds a haven in ancient Jewish tradions based on mathematics, extending his search for answers into the realm of religion and spirituality.<br />This film leaves lingering questions about the natural world in which we live. Is God merely an equation?
B00003CXQY|5.0|Thankfully, I can say I really enjoyed this movie.  The plot was well done and thought out beautifully.  The art and design of everything was done very well, not to mention the colors and the way they stood out so marvelously.  When I first debated whether to purchase this dvd or not, I thought of this movie to being too short.  However when you are drawn into the movie, you forget the time and the time seems to pass as you are sitting through a normal 2 hour movie.  In other words, it doesn't seem too long and it doesn't seem to short.  This movie was definitely a fast paced movie and kept me laughing and chucking throughout the whole entire movie.  First time viewing it, the laughs were definitely there and at mass quantities.  After viewing it the first time, I noticed myself pondering all the hilarious parts and urging to see it once more.  After popping this movie in once again, I found myself laughing more and harder than I did the first time.<br />The supplemental DVD is outstanding.  All the extras on that extra disk added to the reason why you shouldn't hesitate on getting this DVD.  As I am not a big fan of Sting, I wished there was more than just a lot of commentary while his music video was going and more of the actual music being presented.  Deleted scenes were a nice bonus.  It is also apparent as to why they didn't release those couple of scenes.  They just didn't fit.  Definitely a solid purchase and I don't think you would be disappointed if you bought this DVD.  I recommend this as a definite purchase to those even considering this DVD.
6305078564|5.0|I love (though such a word is an understatement) this movie.  After reading Jane Austen's book, I was entralled and enamored and desperate to get more of what has become my favorite story. I found satisfaction in this movie.  It is, simply put, the best adaption of a book to the screen that I have ever seen (due in no small part to its being adapted by A&E rather than hollywood).  The casting was excellent, (I love Colin Firth and think he must gain admirers with each viewer) and the acting superb.  The scenery and costumes were so authentic and the six hours seemed too short. One small fact that discontented me was the ending.  while it was good, it seemed a bit rushed after the time taken with the rest of the story and it left me wanting.  Even so, I've still given this movie 5 stars (and would have given more) so obviously the ending did not decrease the value of the movie by much. If you loved Jane Austen's magnificant novel, you ow it to yourself to watch this movie.  it will truly take you back to regency england and make you wish to stay.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Imagine now small explosion which emits a ball of light and a beam of light scanning across the screen from left to right, sound following adjacent to the beam, then a small sheet of metal with the logo &quot;T2&quot; gradually getting closer.  As it grows larger, you hear footsteps behind you getting closer.  The logo pauses, likewise for the footsteps.  In a reflection off the logo, the terminator aim a shotgun towards the logo.  With the exploding thunder of a shotgun and shattering sound of metal bursting to pieces, you realize the &quot;T2&quot; logo is no more.  Whilst the metal slowly melts, you notice the liquid metal joining back together.  When pieces become a whole, the puddle forms and slowly rises.  The engulfing tone heard, so recognizably noted is the THX symbol.  You embrace your seat as you witness the letters of the THX symbol being born.<br />That is my favorite part of this DVD.  Which, I'd have to say, was hard to decipher.  This DVD in general just knocks any of the competition out of the water.  This should be the mark of what DVDs should be modeled after.  The reflective aluminum case alone will tell you that this ain't no ordinary DVD.  The menu system is unbelievable.  It is truly remarkable how interactive and flowing the menu is.  Working around the fact that it is complicated to navigate, enjoy watching all the actions taking place when changing menu screens.  There are hidden features (easter eggs) a-plenty in this DVD.<br />The movie itself is flawless.  With three different types to choose from, theatrical, special edition, and ultimate special edition, you might be sitting at your couch for a while now.  The special effects was so elite for it's time you would think it was a movie made recently.   However you have to stop to think that this movie was made a little over 10 years ago now.  You don't even have to have wanted watched the first one or even HAVE to have watched the first one to sit through this one.  This is a story and movie of it's own.  Beautiful transfer unlike the VHS or Laser Disk version of this movie.<br />The sound is phenominal.  Whenever I feel the need to show off my system, I use this movie as a reference.  Dolby Digital EX and DTS ES sound.  I am one to attest that sound MAKES the movie.  Without having the sounds bursting through each discrete channel, I wouldn't have enjoyed this movie as much.  Thankfully this DVD looks and sounds wonderful.  As a demo, I've described the newly developed THX symbol specially made for this DVD alone.  not only that but the Dolby Digital and DTS intro's are remarkable nonethess.  After you rewind those three things a few times, get past the intro and go onto the prologue.  This is where the fun begins.  Explosions a-plenty, firing and beams from all around you.  Airbornes circling around you.  Not to mention Lazers being shot directly at you.  Rockets shot from behind you, coasting over you, and then exploding in front of you.  Crackling of bones and metal being overrun.  Mid-Air Explosions and then a final crash down to the ground, literally sweeping you off of your feet.  And this is just the prologue.<br />In otherwords, BUY THIS DVD.  IF you don't even like this movie, it's a worthy DVD.
0792839730|5.0|There are a lot of good war movies. There are so many movies around that it would be not possible to have good movie of any kind you choose. A drama exist out of two characters: in the Greek theater the protagonist and the antagonist there can be so many variations that they are uncountable. So it is necessary to point the reason I rate this movie as the top war movie. there can be - an there are - scripts taken out of little groups that are wrestling against the all universe: a poverful exemple is &quot;The Guns of Navarone&quot;. Or about personalities, C. Plummer Wellington versus Steiger's Napoleon in Bondarchuk &quot;Waterloo&quot;. What distinguish this production is the &lt;chorality&gt; of the work. The generals, the troops, and above all the fate.
B00003CWTH|5.0|This is a fantastic movie, on every level.  It manages to capture perfectly the mood and themes of America at the end of the 20th century.  To name just a few, the quest for redemption (the biblical plague of frogs leads to that); the adversarial relationship between adults and children, captured in the &quot;adults against kids&quot; game show and the relationship between the host and his daughter; how isolated and desperate for connection people are; men feeling emasculated and manipulated by women, turning to Tom Cruise's character for help . . . so much there.  The acting is superb -- Julianne Moore should have been nominated for an Academy Award for this movie, and Phillip Seymour Hoffman &amp; Tom Cruise were also terrific.  This movie, largely overlooked by the prediotable Motion Picture Academy, will withstand the test of time better than &quot;American Beauty,&quot; which, though good, had largely been done before.  See it more than once!
B00004U8P9|5.0|As any insane Rocky Horror fanatic can tell you, no matter how many videos of RHPS you own (I happen to have 2 myself), this DVD is a MUST!!  The set is beautifully put together, filled with gorgeous full-color artwork and put together quite creatively.  To be totally honest, I loved this set before I even go to my DVD player.  When I did, I was in heaven.  The picture quality is amazing, so good that I was able to see things that I had never been able to see on my videos.  To get and idea what I mean, I always thought that Brad's tuxedo jacket was lined with black material, but on the DVD I could clearly see that it is maroon!  Then I got to the sound.  The new stereo mix is breathtaking when listened to through a powerful home theater system, but perhaps the best treat is the restoration of the original mono soundtrack that has been MIA for so long (since 1990).  It was wonderful being able to hear every single sound effect that had been missing from the older stereo mixes.  Also included are an interesting commentary by Pat Quinn and Richard O'Brien, a hilarious audience participation track..., and a very fun \\"theatrical experience\\" which cuts in footage from actual screenings.  I was totally in love with this DVD before I had even gotten to the second disc.  This disc is jammed full of fun extras.  It includes the movie version of \\"Once In A While\\" as an outtake.  Also there are excepts from interviews with many of the stars of the film, the VH1 specials about RHPS, and a documentary that until now was only available on the laserdisc.  The movie itself is one of my all time favorites.  The performances are incredible, my favorite being Tim Curry as the irresistible Dr. Frank N. Furter.  He just oozes sexuality into the role and commands every bit of your attention.  Richard O'Brien is delightfully creepy as Riff Raff, Frank's unpredictable servant.  Pat Quinn is very seductive in the part of Magenta, Riff's sister/lover.  Nell Campbell is perfectly sparkly and squeaky in the role of supergroupie Columbia.  Barry Bostwick is one of my favorite Brad's... Peter Hinwood is just fun to look at as Rocky, considering that there isn't very much more to his role.  Susan Sarandon is probably the least talented member of the cast which really says something about the cast when you consider that she is an Academy Award winner.  Her acting as straightlaced Janet is perfect, the only downside is her voice,...Meat Loaf makes an electrifying cameo as greaser Eddie, who shows up a second time in quite an unexpected way.  Jonathan Adams is a pretty good Dr. Scott.  The plot is very unusual, but it is a lot of fun.  The music is amazing, even though the arrangements aren't the best...This is just an awesome movie that never feels dated and is never boring no matter how many times you have seen it.  I strongly believe that everyone should see it at least once, and for those like me who have seen far more times than that, this DVD is a must have.
6305428220|5.0|this is one of rare movies i went to watch twice in cinema.wonderful story,perfect cast and non-stop fun/adrenaline.you can not find more better.flawless and masterly.
B00004Z459|5.0|Going strong with a mix of rock and rap, Linkin Park hits up all the marks.  With this excellent mix comes incredibly composed  beats.  Probably one of the few bands that successfully mixed both elements of hardcore rock and rap.<br />One of the BEST highlights about this band in general is that they don't use ANY swear words at ALL.  None, zero.  Some people think that if an album features &quot;rap&quot; or &quot;hip-hop&quot; it has a reference to drug use... this is NOT true and Linkin Park doesn't mention anything about drugs.  Linkin Park decided to go with their own original, creative style, without the use swear words.  Unlike some bands out there, like Limpbizkit, in which Fred Durst says the &quot;F&quot; word at least 12 times in the first 2 minutes of his new album.<br />I enjoy all the tracks on this Hybrid Theory album.  Some of my personal favorites that I could relate to is &quot;Crawling&quot;, &quot;One Step Closer&quot;, &quot;In The End&quot;.<br />If you're a Limpbizkit fan, enjoy rap/hip-hop and are into rock, check out Linkin Park.  Their different, creative, and talented artists!
0679745653|5.0|I love this story.  The story, as well as the style.  It moves so quickly, it's a shock when you get to the end (a sad shock).  Gives you a warm feeling, even though the story has a lot of sorrow.  You have to laugh at how naive Holly is, especially when she seems to consider herself so worldly.  In a word:  Charming.
B00005AR3G|3.0|This is a good movie but the it could have done without the narration.  My kids like it because of the llama.  Some more singing and dancing and I believe they would have truly loved it.
0064407667|5.0|I am a 7th grade Language Arts teacher and am always looking for great books to read aloud to my students.  I picked up the first, The Bad Beginning, because I liked the size and cover of the book.  After I read the letter from Lemony Snicket warning the reader to put the book down immediately, I was instantly intrigued.  I was drawn to the author's sense of humor and his unique way to explain vocabulary make me think this was a possibility for a read aloud.<br />My students LOVED this book.  We are now on the Wide Window and they beg me everyday to read some more.  The kids are beginning to understand the humor.  They boo whenever Count Olaf is in the scene, they groan with the stupidity of Mr. Poe, and they are stunned when Mr. Snicket actually reveals the fate of the characters before it happens.<br />The best endorsement of a book is when my 13 year old boys, who keep telling me reading is boring, go buy these books on their own!  Well done, Mr. Snicket.  Fremont's 7th grade class cannot get enough of the Bauldelaire Orphans.
B00002SWEM|4.0|I recommend this DVD very highly. It has heart, great music, wonderful images, faces--a lot of great stuff. Without the energy and commitment of Producer / Director / Everything Cooder this project would never have been realized. Thanks for that--but therein is the rub and therein lies the source of my discomfort. Thanks to &quot;Ry&quot; for the good stuff--the chance to see and hear great players and great music. Good grief the faces, the environment, the humanity of the musicians. They are wonderful. They are there to see.  However, you should know that Cooder as the visting &quot;musician&quot; and his son, I believe, &quot;the visiting drummer&quot; have almost hobbled the musicality and uninhibited creative musical sense of the project. Ry Coody is a well-intentioned goody two-shoes folky type with no real sense of time (especially in Latin music)and harmonic sense. He is well-intentioned white bread. The instrument he plays is in and of itself an incumbrance. The slide guitar or whatever the damned thing is called is rarely in good tune to begin with. His lack of sensitivity in phrasing and selection of chord changes and the god-awful horrible generic sound of the instrument itself are almost unforgiveable instrusions. Cooder's son, who plays the set or, the &quot;traps&quot; as I am sure he is hip enough to refer to in insider conversation, is the epitome of the doted-upon son with bar mitzvah drum set. The younger Cooder should have been playing and paying his dues with a Miami Beach &quot;social&quot; two-step rhumba band instead of intruding upon musical outings with the some of the finest, most sound-conscious players (any school, etc.) on the planet. Think of Bird playing with the Monkees (the group). Get the picture? It is uncomfortable yet fascinating, e.g., to watch the great timbales player and the great bass player wince and try to control their on-stage actions when imported drummer and producer, etc. &quot;guitarist&quot; Cooder are playing. Is it any wonder that Cooder and son are playing in close musical and physical proximity during early meetings at sessions and in early studio situations and then end up at the climactical concert in Carnegie Hall on risers conveniently about as out of sight and mind as the real artists can place them. It's a musical embargo! Yikes.  So why buy the Buena Vista Social Club? Because it is difficult to get examples of great Cuban music anywhere else. This DVD is definitely worth the price and the space in any collection of fine music. But Mr. Cooder--next time--if there is a next time, please don't play. You're not a good enough a musician to play in fast company--any school, any era, any time--and unfortunately, you and your son, the drummer, defile albeit unintentionally -- that which you wish to honor, immortalize and celebrate. Buy the recording; overlook and put the &quot;musical&quot; contributions of the Cooders out of your consciousness and then the Buena Vista Social Club becomes a must-own. Respectfully, TN
B00003CXA2|5.0|As the feather falls, its time to find a hanky and a big box of chocaltes and prepare to take a trip though history with a very special man with magic shoes.<br />Where do you begin reviewing the most detailed account of life ever to grace the silver screen? Quite simply we begin with Hanks. From start to finish hanks is gump, every move every emotion ever distant look hanks is gump. He makes you laugh and cry and he does it all without breaking a sweat, some my call him a `natural' I think I will label him officially a God.<br />The music in this film deserves a paragraph all on its own, its perfect, the soundtrack combines classic tunes with original orchestral masterpieces that, have you weeping before the film begins (once you've seen the film once). The music in many ways is the continual strand of the film, the backbone on wish Gump and jenny flesh out with various shrimp meals!!<br />Every character was focused and played a part in the complete story, they were realistic and believable but also representative of every guy who never forgot his sweetheart. Gump being somewhat simple aloud the character to show emotions rather than thoughts. Making him honest and loveable creates a vital empathy, the audience connects directly with the thoughts of this childlike man, worrying about him and wishing him the best from start to finish. <br />I will buy this DVD the day it is released and I will take time to study every special feature because this is a movie which, though its quality, deserves attention. Hanks entered a new time in his career after his wonderful performance in this movie, a turning point for such an influential member of Hollywood is surely a turning point for Hollywood?
B00005B36H|4.0|With bands that sparkle, outshine, then eventually fade into disappointing obscurity (the late great Smashing Pumpkins being a prime example), Tool is one of the few groups that defies the perils of overexposure and genre categorization turning an intentional deaf ear to the status quo of what passes for modern rock these days. In a music scene where selling out seems almost inevitable, Tool has created a formidable underground following while remaining on the shrouded peripheral to the corporate masses and just this fact alone commands admiration.  Needless to say, after five long years in the waiting and following up one of the (if not THEE) most powerful albums of the decade, purchasing this album was an experience marked with giddy anticipation, high expectations, and the desire to be jolted into new heights of inner consciousness.  First let me say, this release won't grip you initially as it is simply too complex and unorthodox to the uninitiated ear to be fully realized within the first or second listen (and anybody that appreciates Tool's unique breed of music realizes it is this wherein lies their beauty). Though it doesn't look like this will match the beautiful assault of Aenema (and what album could really?), I have listened to Lateralus going on 4 times now and have to say it is evident that this is surely no disappointment. With songs like The Grudge, Schism and the title track, its apparent these guys play by their own rules and continue to push the post-progressive genre to the limit as if it is second nature.  Maynard's haunting otherworldly voice never ceases to invigorate me and Danny's drumming is phenomenal as always. Of course Adam's unique blend of sporadic riffage contrasted with Justin's carving bottom end mesh beautifully and are equal contributors to the overall Tool experience. However with songs that span over 10 minutes in some areas, I have to admit there are some slow spots where Maynard and company get a little too ambient and subdued for my taste. Where they dabbled in tribal elements in Aenema (see Eulogy), they really explore the element further on Laterius and I think it might be a bit to the listener's disadvantage.  On the other hand, perhaps they are creating the calm before the storm (as with the now evidently famous Parabol/Parabola segment).
0425170349|5.0|Tom Clancy, king of action/suspense, has done it again with this New York Times best seller.   In this book, you will experience the beginning of the anti-terrorist team &quot;Rainbow Six&quot;, from training to be elite, to there last hurrah.   If you enjoy Tom Clancy's amazing novels. You should definently take the time to read this book.
6305014140|4.0|I love this anime, though I wouldn't recommend it for all you kiddies out there.  It does have some hardcore violence and some nakedness, but an awesome plot and great animation, especially for being so old.  The plot actually reminds me of a mega man game, with the main character being mega man, and all the demons being the bosses.  It's great, check it out!
B00000FYIL|4.0|&quot;Shakespeare in Love,&quot; a witty tale of love and theater in Elizabethan England, was one of the most delightful films of the late 1990s. This CD contains the film's musical score, composed by Stephen Warbeck.<br />I think that this music works better as a backdrop to the film, rather than as a stand-alone composition; I found much of the CD to be somewhat forgettable on its own. Still, there are some genuinely memorable tracks, and the score overall is quite pleasant. The opening track (appropriately called &quot;The Beginning of the Partnership&quot;) has a lovely, romantic sweep to it. And &quot;The De Lesseps' Dance&quot; is a wonderful piece that evokes an Elizabethan social gathering. If you are a fan of the film, give the CD a try.
B00005AUBA|3.0|I love Mogwai and have done so for a while. This album is good but by no means stellar. It is not a five star album as some others would have you believe. Here's a track by track: Sine Wave: Fantastic! Creating propulsive atmosphere like this should be a crime. Take me somewhere nice: Well done, but Stuart, please keep your voice to yourself. O, I sleep: GARBAGE. Dial:Revenge: musically fantastic, not a big fan of Welsh vocals. You don't know Jesus: reminiscent of past Mogwai but not as good. Robot Chant: RUBBISH. 2 rights make 1 wrong: Album's best track, excellent. Secret Pint: so so. So there you have it: an OK album from an amazing band.
B000056K04|4.0|yes, it is a change from the usual dmb -- but change doesn't have to be a bad thing.  this cd is incredible!!!  i've listened to dave for a long time and they managed to surprise and impress me again.
B00005IC2H|5.0|Best Band around in my opinion,,,they deserve 10 stars at least! I was treated to a fabulous show given by Sigur Ros at The Fillmore in San Francisco. I am not familiar enough with the songs to identify them by title, so bear with me.<br />What struck me by the concert is that the ensemble of their music creates an image in my mind of how I imagine Iceland to be. There is a tension that builds throughout the concert between calm and cataclysm, the serene unfolding of life in Iceland interrupted from time to time by awesome overpowering forces of nature.<br />   The lead vocalist sings from his soul and you can hear your heart tremble. All the while he plays his electric guitar with a bow...this creates a winding screeching noise as if some serpentine river were recounting its adventures through the vast icelandic countryside. The drum pounds menacingly threatening to break out in full force at any moment. The tension continues.<br />About midway through the concert the tension between serene and thunderous subsides for a song or two. The band invites an icelandic man on stage to sing and he is accompanied only slightly by the instruments. He is obviously singing a ballad which seems very old, lugubrious and northern. Though I could not understand the lyrics, these songs bring to mind the cold icelandic winter from which there seems no escape.<br />   Those ballads finish and the tension resumes. The drums continue to mount and once in a while the guitar and keyboard seem as if they too are about to join the rebellion....There is quiet in the music but in the background these forces make their presence known.<br />   Finally in the last song comes the eruption...the guitars, drum and keyboard can be held back no longer and erupt upon the audience which also pours out    its enthusiasm. It is like an orgasm. The tension has been released...almost all. Then the group is called back for an encore, and the instruments and voice erupt, pushing out the last bit of tension.Once again, the crowd cries for an encore. This time, Sigur Ros just come out for a bow. Everyone is spent and to play more would be anticlimactic, and so they retreat to god knows where in the San Francisco night.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley has been enormously over-praised since he died in 1997, for a man who only released one album in his short musical career, that being this album, &quot;Grace&quot;. &quot;Sketches for My Sweetheart&quot; has some terrific songs on it, but the songs that Jeff was mucking about with on 4 track really suck.<br />It's common for artists to be glorified after death; Jeff and his father Tim, are no exception to this common rule.<br />&quot;Grace&quot; is a great album; what bothered me about Jeff was his tendency to go into Led Zeppelin territory with his guitar playing and singing. I love &quot;Mojo Pin&quot;, &quot;Lilac Wine&quot; &quot;Lover You Should Have Come Over&quot;, &quot;Dream Brother&quot;, &quot;Grace&quot;, &quot;Hallelujah&quot; and &quot;Corpus Christi Carol&quot; which always bring chills up my spine. <br />The only out of place song is &quot;Eternal Life&quot; which is a plain rock out and doesn't belong on the album! The rest of the album is classic, but this song brings it down.<br />Jeff was a very talented young man, blessed with a great voice. He showed a lot of promise with this album and some of the songs on &quot;Sweetheart&quot;; it's really a shame he can't be here to show us.<br />By the way, Jim DeRogatis, the music critic, is a total retard. In REVOLVER, he just totally slammed both Buckley's, especially Jeff, just to spite them. That's not what I'm saying at all. Jeff was very talented, but just needed to make a couple more albums to really show his full talent. DeRogatis is a fat critic who doesn't know anything at all.
6305750750|5.0|If you're still able to get this, do it!<br />Great movie, nice box, nice book, nice 35mm frame!<br />Now - where's the DVD?!
B00000AFHM|5.0|Nick Drake lives, and he is re-incarnated as Scottish popsters Belle and Sebastian. I love Nick Drake, and it is clear that Belle and Sebastian do too.<br />This is a magnificent album that I can listen to again and again and again; it's one of the best pop albums made in the 90's, and rivals the best pop acts of the 60s, 70's, and 80's.<br />Sure, some of it is cheesy, but that's the point. It's great to listen to for any time of the day--how many albums can you say that about?
B00000K19E|5.0|However, did anyone notice that 'Neo' is an anagram of 'One'?<br />That's right! Of COURSE you did!
B000001FS3|5.0|This Album is the greatest album in the history of the world. If you don't have a copy, do your self a favor and get one.
B00004Y62T|4.0|I really didn't know what the make of this movie; so, I gave it a 4.  Simlpy for the fact, that it was interesting to see Matt Damon play such a dark role.
B000000I0D|3.0|crisis marco un cambio significativo en el estilo musical de olfield, con un toque pop que carecian sus trabajos anteriores. Los temas se plantean como unidades mas aisladas y no como una composicion integral, al estilo sinfonico, que nos deleito en muchos trabajos anteriores ( tubullar bells, exposed,etc) las melodias son mas faciles y pegadizas ,y sin dejar de ser un musico de excepcion, esta es para mi gusto una obra menor de alguien que demostro ampliamente en muchos trabajos su gran altura musical
B00004RFDW|5.0|This was a great film, with a great cast, and great acting.  This was another outstanding performance by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe.
B000001FY9|5.0|que se puede decir acerca de un cd que recopila, una excelente seleccion, de la enorme musica de marley. Obviamente, por la enorme creatividad de el, esta como cualquier seleccion de su amplisimo repertorio es obligadamente incompleta, se necesitan muchos cd para una recopilacion de sus grandes temas. Pero en un solo cd esta es sin duda la mas completa.  No hay un tema, ni siquiera un minuto del cd que no valgan por varios de otros interpretes de reggae. Es imposible no tenerlo (solo aquellos con una discografia amplia de bob pueden darse ese lujo
B000002WYT|5.0|&quot;Crash&quot;, Dave Matthews Band's second release, is truely a mid-point in the course of the band's music.  It features the light-heartedness of Under the Table and Dreaming while at the same time adding the emotion of Before These Crowded Streets.  Everything on this album is great, and is my favorite album of the three (four now, but the fourth isn't really an album).  Personal favorites include &quot;So Much To Say&quot;, &quot;Two Step&quot; and &quot;Proudest Monkey&quot;.  &quot;#41&quot; is the best song on Crash, and if you disagree, just listen to the jam-session afterward.  Another favorite of mine is &quot;Cry Freedom&quot;.  Beautifully and ingeniously written, it features (the then) rare electric guitar which is a welcomed change up.  Crash is a great album, and featured the Band at it's prime.
B000002JS6|5.0|The essence of a great rock n roll band is the ability to drive a beat at breakneck pace,shatter the ear drums and create a sound that makes you think like every other act around is a copy of that particualr band...or simply put,the essence is to sound like AC/DC,pure and simple. This is one of the truely great rock albums of all time,and after 20 years it sounds as fresh today as ever.From the opening ominous toll of the bells in *Hells Bells* to the fading chords of the rock anthem,* Rock n Roll Aint Noise Pollution *this delivers near perfect guitar rock on all levels. From the spotlighted hard and relentless blues based power chords and frantic solos of Angus Young to the tight and machine gun like powerhouse rhythms of Phil Rudd and Cliff Williams providing the basis for the screeching vocals of Brian Johnston and rhythm guitar mastery of Malcolm Young..ever song is memorable.The production of Robert Mutt Lange was sharp and allowed this roller coaster of a band a free hand to rock on. I personally believe that this was the bands finest moment,especially relevant as it followed the untimely death of the former front man and singer Bon Scott.Most bands would have folded after such a disaster,but not the pub rock veterans..they produced this master piece. The three readily recognizable songs.*You Shook me All Night Long*,*Back In Black*and *Rock N Roll Aint Noise Pollution* are superb,but do not overshadow any of the other tracks.Each song flows into the next like the bullets emptying from a magazine and songs like*Shoot To Thrill**Have A Drink On Me*,and *Let Me Put My Love Into You*could easily have been singles and are as strong as they make this collection complete. Consistent,relentless,loud,aggressive,and primal describe this collection,and if *Thunderstruck* had of appeared on this CD,then it would have been the greatest rock album ever recorded. It stayed in the upper reaches of the charts for well over 100weeks..and somewhere in there ever since..It has stayed in my mind, the frontrunner of hard driving guitar based rock  ever since.There is not a band pumping out three chord,ear shattering heavy metal music  that doesnt owe something to AC/DC.They delivered in the studio on this one and have Live  ever since.Buy the video of the Donnington Concert in 1991,and experience what tribal interaction is all about..Phil Rudds absence aside. The preceeding two releases *Let There Be Rock* and *Highway to Hell*were leading up to this masterpiece.To fully appreciate this CD,buy and listen to these,and then unleash *Back In Black*. AC/DC have remained fashionably unfashionable and fad free.Angus Young stood up to the plate after Bon Scotts death,they havent looked back since. This is the ultimate value for money CD,buy it at any price.Everyone needs this in their collection..put it on at a party at full bore ..and just let yourself go...a kicking [tail] recording...they are Australia's best musical export..5 stars easily.stayed in my mind, the frontrunner of hard driving guitar based rock  ever since.There is not a band pumping out three chord,ear shattering heavy metal music  that doesnt owe something to AC/DC.They delivered in the studio on this one and have Live  ever since.Buy the video of the Donnington Concert in 1991,and experience what tribal interaction is all about..Phil Rudds absence aside. The preceeding two releases *Let There Be Rock* and *Highway to Hell*were leading up to this masterpiece.To fully appreciate this CD,buy and listen to these,and then unleash *Back In Black*. AC/DC have remained fashionably unfashionable and fad free.Angus Young stood up to the plate after Bon Scotts death,they havent looked back since. This is the ultimate value for money CD,buy it at any price.Everyone needs this in their collection..put it on at a party at full bore ..and just let yourself go...a kicking [tail] recording...they are Australia's best musical export..5 stars easily.
0767814622|5.0|Midnight Express is without a doubt, an excellent masterpiece in the art and history of motion pictures. Not only for its fine acting (the roles played by the late Brad Davis, British actor John Hurt - who won the best supporting actor Oscar for the film, Randy Quaid, Norbert Weissler, and Paul L. Smith), its Academy Award winning soundtrack by Giorgio Moroder, and its screenplay by Oliver Stone. But for British director Alan Parker's directorial style, and the clear message of how a foreign country can be very barbaric. Especially when it comes to dealing with prisoners from other countries who violate their laws. <br />I can understand how the 1978 film caused a bit of controversy. But, knowing Oliver Stone, he was making a very serious point about how Turkish society can be very brutal and how its government and people can be so inhumane. Granted Stone may have taken a few liberties on Billy Hayes' true story, but he ultimately got the point across about how the Turkish deal with prisoners and how inhumane their laws really are. Obviously, the film cut right to the bone and struck a lot of nerves in the Turkish people. The only reason they were offended and had the film banned was because the truth about Turkey came out into the open, and really hurt them. If they were not so barbaric against foreign prisoners, such secrets would not have been exposed.<br />I'm not defending Billy Hayes's actions. What he did was wrong, and yes, he had to be punished. But not punished in such a barbaric way, and then used as a political scapegoat by a very barbaric and repressive Middle Eastern society. Stone's screenplay and Parker's direction in the film was trying to get that message across. And they both succeeded on all those levels. Everyone involved in the British production deserved an award for making such an excellent film. A film based on a true story that shocked many. You may not feel any sympathy toward Hayes' plight in the beginning, but near the end of the film, you will. And, for all the film's dark, gritty, violent, and depressing subject matter, it will make you think and remember.  <br />Trivia Note - Originally Mark Hamill wanted to audition for the role of Billy Hayes, but due to Hamill's popularity as Luke Skywalker in The Star Wars Trilogy, Alan Parker felt Hamill was not suited for the role and refused to meet him. Think of what it would have been like for Hamill to have appeared in the film?
B00000064E|5.0|&quot;Bryter Later&quot; may be more lyrical, and &quot;Pink Moon&quot; more harrowing, but Nick Drake's first album, &quot;Five Leaves Left&quot; is the one where all of his strong points came together for one brooding masterpiece. Utterly compelling.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I loved this film and am so glad it got the Oscar, it was a triumph of cinema, drama and music. I love Ancient Greek and Roman history and this film depicted Rome SOOOO well.  What a great piece for Oliver Reed to end his career with. This along with Braveheart will always be a film I can watch unitl I am old and gray.
B00005ALP6|4.0|As successful as it was,MY FAIR LADY was never in the CAROUSEL-KISS ME KATE category of great musicals.This film had fine production values;the casting was good;the dialogue gets often annoying and detracts from the songs who come too far in between.Along with THE SOUND OF MUSIC,it signaled the end of an era of decent musicals.This film is actually like a big balloon that never seems to get to the ground.Still, there are delightful moments that keeps it from sinking and makes it worth seeing;my favorite is the scene that has ELIZA swear in the company of society fashion.AUDREY we miss you and nobody really took the place you filled so well between 1952 and 1967.
B000056N8X|3.0|HEY FOLKS!  THIS FILM IS NOT A SEQUAL TO THE FIRST FILM! IT IS AN EXTENTION OF THE TV SHOW WHERE CONNER'S BATTLE WITH THE KURGAN WAS NOT THE LAST BATTLE BUT JUST ANOTHER IMMORTAL DUEL. UNDERSTAND NOW? <BR>That having been said this is still not the best it could have been but it is still good, I would have liked to see more of Methos personally and Bruce Payne was excellent as the bad guy.<BR>OK I already reviewed the film before getting the DVD. I have to say the DVD is more disapointing than it sounds. The special cut of this film is not a final cut so it switches between widescreen/standard the sounds is not finished and the score is not the final score. On the whole it isn't horrible but the packaging makes you think it is a final cut and it isn't.<br /> But that isn't the worst part! Someone should have taken the guy who edited the Featurette and taken his head!! This thing is AWFUL! They must have shown Adrian and Christopher say the same thing at least 3 times about this film and someone really needed to give Mr. Davis some caffiene....\\"Ummm ahhhhh...well it is about...\\" ARRGGGHHHHHH This torturous 45-50 minute disaster was a waste of space. If they had cut out all the repetition and Mr. Davis the remaining 25/30 minutes would have been just fine. *Sigh* Make your own judgement but while I am glad to have the DVD of the film it was not all that they make it out to be! :-(
B00004NRUM|5.0|Definitely non-commercial (as opposed to the very main stream &quot;Holidays in Eden&quot;), and, without doubt, the best album the band has managed to put together since leader Steve Hogarth joined the band at the end of the eighties<br /> Musically it's almost perfect. Lyrically it borrows on the concept of concept albums from the seventies, and it does it incredibly well.<br /> You will both: not regret buying the album, and have an opportunity to be exposed to Marillion's work with Brave.
0385501560|5.0|First off, Chuck's books are the only books I can read in under one week, not that that means much to you readers out there but just so you know thats what kind of books this guy writes. Rivaling 'Survivor' this sick, twisted and hilarious take on all things sacred and not opens with a bang, and doesnt let up or lag. Expanding on the 'Fight Club' theme of self improvement and self destruction (self improvement is masturbation, now self destruction..) we get an inside glimpse into the worlds of people we see everyday with the sexaholics and elderly, and the saddistic world of Victor, the main character, and his flaws and personal heroics and addictions. If you like Chucks other work than this should be a no-brainer and you should skip all reviews and read it, if you have never read one of his books I strongly urge you to pick up this and all his other works (Survivor, Fight Club and Invisible Monsters) and let them soak in. Believe me, it'll be just what the doctor ordered.  See Also: Self Enlightement See Also: Radiohead in book format
6304145438|5.0|You would have to be the biggest grouch on earth NOT to love this film. It goes without saying, though I am, that this is THE classic American Christmas movie.  Each time I see it, I discover something new and memorable.--Diana Dell...
B00005B36H|5.0|About four years ago, my friend introduced me to this band called Tool via the album Aenima.  I was in total awe of their musical capabilities.  MJK's haunting vocals and &quot;Screw the Man&quot; lyrics were amazing.  I also was fascinated by this metal band that actually used dynamics, a wide variety of time signatures, and an almost impossible to imitate drummer.  But Aenima started to collect dust while I became worried about a future Tool album.  At last, Lateralus was born.  I put it in the player and all of a sudden, an hour and a half and passed.  I was blown away by this total industrial, and somehow spiritual experience.
B00000JY1X|5.0|Normally, three CDs full of &quot;love songs&quot; would be enough to send the average relationship-challenged individual off a cliff. Not so with Stephin Merritt and the gang's excellent, excellent collection. Free from all the glorified foo-foo &quot;I-can't-live-without-you&quot; shmaltz, the songs are varied and catchy as all get out. No matter how badly your heart has been broken, the Magnetic Fields tell it like it is, and you can't help but sing along with it:  &quot;And if some dim bulb should say / we were in love in some way / kick all his teeth in for me / and if you feel like keeping on kicking feel free.&quot; Now THAT's empowering!
0399103422|3.0|This book was pretty good. However, I would not read it again as once was definately enough. I would not say the &quot;Godfather&quot; is a classic either, by any means. It was just an average book that was pretty good...If you are looking for a suspenseful book in the mafia genre, then this may be the book for you. Just don't go into it expecting a classic. A classic is something more on the level of &quot;The Count of Monte Cristo&quot; or &quot;The Fountainhead&quot;.
B000056K04|3.0|Everyday is not The Dave Matthews Band's best, however I feel that it is still a great album.  I must admit that when I first listened to it I didn't really like it and felt like many others that it was not genuine Dave.  However if you are a true dedicated Dave fan and give it some time, you'll hear Dave's passion and originality shine through.  Let's face it, there will never be another Under the Table &amp; Dreaming or Crash, but why not appreciate the band's latest efforts and right to try something different?
B000000ORX|5.0|Upon hearing the name &quot;Joni Mitchell&quot;, the everyday joe thinks back to the early and mid-1970's, when breakthrough albums like Blue and Court And Spark nearly made her a household name in the music industry. What the everyday joe doesn't know, however, is that one of her most flavorful and deep albums to date was recorded far after her heyday. When the 1990's were drawing their infant breaths, under the grunge and teen-pop, Night Ride Home was released.<br />Joni's voice had gotten deeper along with her music. The now sharp and enigmatic singing blended with the haunting and mysterious guitar work, a far cry from the blissful and soaring songs she had written over 15 years earlier. The opening track, &quot;Night Ride Home&quot;, is a swayable sensation written about a colorful 4th of July twilight (elaborated by crickets chirping in the background). <br />The title track is followed by the sophisticated &quot;Passion Play&quot;, and the spine-chilling story of &quot;Cherokee Louise&quot;. &quot;The Windfall&quot; and &quot;Slouching Towards Bethlehem&quot; are powerful, edgily-spoken songs that dive as dark as folk music can go.<br />&quot;Come In From The Cold&quot; is one of the album's most defining moments. The 7-minute opus is full to the brim of full-bodied acoustic guitar, soft percussion, and Joni's voice as powerful and radiant as ever. The song serves a story, with spellbinding lyrics (&quot;We had hope, the world had promise for a slave to liberty. Freely, I slaved away for something better, and I was bought and sold. And all I ever wanted was to come in from the cold.&quot;)<br />The album concludes with four more tracks of the album's signature huskiness. Fans of Nick Drake, Jeff Buckley, and even softer Neil Young will be put in a trance by the subtle mystery this album has to offer. This album is extremely dark, but by no means dismal. <br />With complex acoustic guitarwork and a sheer, emotional palate of lyrics and vocals to sing them, Night Ride home is essential for any Joni Mitchell fan, and those who enjoy the darker , huskier side of folk (a la Neil Young's 1992 Harvest Moon album). Hear the work of a true legend.
0767836324|5.0|Boo, says the old woman in princess bride at the Critics. Hook is in my top five favorite movies without a doubt. The ones who don't like it, don't understand the underlying thread. Peter grows up - and forgets his childhood as the flying menace. He is even afraid of heights! It doesn't matter whether you are a spielberg fan or not, if you love interesting films that hauntingly leave a mark of childishness on your heart, then this is for you. I have watched this film more than any other movie. I seriously KNOW for a fact that since I was 11 I have viewed it over a hundred times....easily! I had a copy...then I bought it on vhs...then the other day bought it on dvd and it still hasn't lost its meaning to me. I could still watch it twice in a row and not loose an ounce of attention. Maybe it's Robin Williams perfect transition from snobby business man, to the high flying , sword chopping, pirate stomping, peter pan. Or Dustin Hoffman, who endured just as many hours in make-up as he did in Tootsie, to bring to life the ultimate clock-hating villain, who despises the &quot;L&quot; word. Or Bob Hoskins (Who framed Rodger Rabbit), an excellent Smee, more brain than bum-fundled. Julia Roberts had me in the state-of-crush for about 3 years. Anyway, Hook is a 5 star great movie that THE People love. Forget the critics for this one. The dvd is sharp, and sounds terrific. As far as sound, check out Smee's &quot;Good morning neverland.&quot; I would seriously enjoy ANY extra's, because the skull and crossbones on this disc represent death to extra lover's. Two-disk anyone?
B000000ORX|5.0|Upon hearing the name &quot;Joni Mitchell&quot;, the everyday joe thinks back to the early and mid-1970's, when breakthrough albums like Blue and Court And Spark nearly made her a household name in the music industry. What the everyday joe doesn't know, however, is that one of her most flavorful and deep albums to date was recorded far after her heyday. When the 1990's were drawing their infant breaths, under the grunge and teen-pop, Night Ride Home was released.<br />Joni's voice had gotten deeper along with her music. The now sharp and enigmatic singing blended with the haunting and mysterious guitar work, a far cry from the blissful and soaring songs she had written over 15 years earlier. The opening track, &quot;Night Ride Home&quot;, is a swayable sensation written about a colorful 4th of July twilight (elaborated by crickets chirping in the background).<br />The title track is followed by the sophisticated &quot;Passion Play&quot;, and the spine-chilling story of &quot;Cherokee Louise&quot;. &quot;The Windfall&quot; and &quot;Slouching Towards Bethlehem&quot; are powerful, edgily-spoken songs that dive as dark as folk music can go.<br />&quot;Come In From The Cold&quot; is one of the album's most defining moments. The 7-minute opus is full to the brim of full-bodied acoustic guitar, soft percussion, and Joni's voice as powerful and radiant as ever. The song serves a story, with spellbinding lyrics (&quot;We had hope, the world had promise for a slave to liberty. Freely, I slaved away for something better, and I was bought and sold. And all I ever wanted was to come in from the cold.&quot;)<br />The album concludes with four more tracks of the album's signature huskiness. Fans of Nick Drake, Jeff Buckley, and even softer Neil Young will be put in a trance by the subtle mystery this album has to offer. This album is extremely dark, but by no means dismal.<br />With complex acoustic guitarwork and a sheer, emotional palate of lyrics and vocals to sing them, NightRide home is essential for any Joni Mitchell fan, and those who enjoy the darker , huskier side of folk (a la Neil Young's 1992 Harvest Moon album). Hear the work of a true legend.
B000002534|5.0|Hate me! I saw Santana play this material live in 74 and music has never been the same for me ever since. The instrumentals are of primary interest to me here, though there are some blazing guitar solos contained within the songs. No one can describe the spiritual emotions invoked by this music, so I won't even try. You must buy this CD. No, you will buy this CD and you'll see what I mean.
B000001U0P|5.0|What can I say?  These CD features two of my favorite bass players, Ray Brown and Christian McBride, and John Clayton, whom I haven't previously heard of but is definately deserving of sharing the stage with these two.  <br />These guys are swinging throughout the recording, and you can tell that they're having a good time.  Ray Brown is one of the best bass players alive.  He unbelievably solid, knows his instrument inside out, and he has a very warm tone.  McBride has a very fresh, energetic, and recognizable sound.  He is very innovative with his bass lines, and his solos always blow me away.  Clayton is also especially talented and is very skilled with the bow as well.  <br />The CD also has a great mix of tunes.  Blue Monk is a great tune and nicely features all three bassists.  Brown Funk, composed by McBride for Ray, is always fun to listen to.  The trio plays Mack the Knife, showing what they can do with a standard tune.  There is even Lullabye of Birdland featuring some lyrical bowing.  <br />This is an essential recording for any bass player, and I also highly recommend it for any jazz fan.
B00005B36H|5.0|if you cant enjoy this album then you need some psychoanalysis. ive seen people say it wasnt worth the wait.  what wait?  who was sitting around waiting for a new tool album to come out anyhow?  i wasnt, i was listening to old tool albums and enjoying them to the fullest. people are so quick to judge, and most likely after one listen.  how do you just say it wasnt &quot;worth the wait&quot; immediately about someones work who put their heart and sould into it? you do better then.  this album is magnificent from the artwork to the information on the disc itself. yes, its different from their past work, and yes is is also the same.  dont over analyze.  the instrumentation is beyond better than whats out there currently, and its very sophisticated.  the songs blend well, the sound quality is excellent, and should not be overlooked. people often ask me what kind of music tool is and ive never really had an answer. im thinking they might fit into the progressive genre though.  and that they are; progressive in every sense of the word.  evolution. see them live any chance you get. the end.
B00005BJWM|4.0|apollo 13 es un fantastico dvd, infaltable,  imageny sonido realmente muy buenos,  backdraft es una pelicula interesante, este tipo de pack presentan una oferta  muy buena al momento de decidir una compra
B000003TAR|5.0|Love this CD, I listen to it 24/7, buy this CD!
B000053NYB|5.0|This is the best film I have seen in my entire life, I think that this is an interesting story and that it is a **great** film!!!
B000003TA4|5.0|Love this CD, I listen to it 24/7, buy this CD!
B00000099Y|5.0|when i bought this cd i thought that there will be a couple of there radio hit on this bu ti didn't realize that 5or 6 songs are reguraly played on the radio and most of the rest is good stuff i think that if you like rock that is a little sower and better written than you should buy this cd
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has come a long way and have perfected their art-rock with Lateralus.  This album has a theme that follows through every song and is comparable to Pink Floyd's The Wall.  It's Maynard's guide how to remove the bricks from the wall.  They have all improved as musician, but escpecially Adam Jones and Maynard with his choice in lyrics. Adam, Danny, and Justin write the music and Maynard does an awesome job of translating it.  He shows off his incredible voice a lot more and makes &quot;the pieces fit&quot;. This is hard rock's last stand, and this is Hard Rock at its best.  After 5 years they have brought us a masterpiece, but in order to understand this it requires an open mind. For our heroes to save us from the rule of rap-rock, you'll have to shut your eyes and go to a comfortable and vulnerable place, and Tool will meet you on the other side...
0780021150|2.0|I have seen this movie once on a german video-edition and there was no annoying thick white line in the upper part of the picture for nearly 2/3 of the movie, which distracts you a lot while viewing. I don't know what happened thtrough Criterion Collection's transfer work, but something must have gone wrong. <br />As I know and appreciate their craftsmanship, proven with the restauration of films like &quot;The Third Man&quot; and &quot;The Seven Samurai&quot; (to name a few) wich is perfect through out. So my amazement when I bought this DVD was to the negativ, since I expected a miracle work again. <br />My advice: Don't buy this DVD-Edition now. Wait for a new edition to come out, since Criterion is able to do a better work. I hope they will.
B00005A1PR|5.0|The first time I saw her music video &quot;Video&quot; I immediately knew this would be my next purchase. I am not disappointed. This is an excellent album, she reminds me of so many people yet she has her own flavor. I highly recommend this album. Go get to day!
B00005BL2A|2.0|...because this album is almost completely unengaging, monotonous and downright dull. Depeche Mode peaked with Violator and it had been a downhill run ever since. I enjoyed more than half of the material from their last album, Ultra. Exciter contains only one track, Shine, that I can call slightly memorable. As much as I try to like this album it just leaves me cold. Musically very bland with silly cliched lyrics throughout. The other noteworthy track is the Marilyn Manson and NIN wannabee styled The Dead of Night, which only serves as comic relief. Where are the great and catchy tunes of the past? What happened to songs the likes of Never Let Me Down, World In My Eyes, Policy of Truth and Walking In My Shoes? I really can't hum a bar from Exciter's droning and listless offerings. I love this band and just purchased front row seats for their current tour so I have a vested interest here. I only wish I had waited until I heard the album before buying those tickets. I hope they have a lot of old material on their playlist this time around.
B000002J2F|4.0|I started my fandom of Genesis with Invisible Touch and thought it a great album, only when I started to delve deeper in to their progressive roots did I find how powerful their music could be.  With Duke, admittedly, it isn't progressive, since they had all but done away with that after &quot;And then there were Three&quot; but it is by far their best non-progressive album and the beginning of Phil Collins writing career (two of the songs on the album were actually written by Collins when he wrote his first solo album &quot;Face Value&quot;).  So as far as Modern Genesis fans are concerned this is a complete must have.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I've seen this movie well over 100 times (including twice in the theatre when I was ten) and I've been wating FOREVER to finally see all those deleted scenes (like the &quot;octopus&quot;).  The DVD version will be a dream come true to me and will keep the dream of this movie alive for countless generations of treasure-seeking kids.
0446310786|5.0|i had no choice but to read this book for english class when i was 15.  i fell in love with it.  even now, being 19 and reading adult books, this will always remain the most treasured book in my personal library.
B00003CXRM|5.0|Such a significant departure from the average Clooney movie.  Outstanding family movie.  You can take your kids to see this one.  Great music from the roots of America.  Can't wait to buy my copy.
0792156684|1.0|Titanic is a stellar example of popular taste sinking into the murky waters of mediocrity.  My main qualms are A)  A far fetched, unbelievable love story with enough holes in it to make swiss cheese B) Speaking of cheese, the characters are startlingly over acting, reducing themselves to cookie cutter hollywood hero/villain/heart of gold/love at first sight stencils C) The vaunted special effects were not cost effective, i.e. over a hundred million dollars to make a few waves... not impressed, D) The movie is thoroughly predictable and I am not talking about sinking ship (although several historical inaccuracies did add a novelty factor), E) The Titanic song &quot;Heart Going On&quot; is cavity inducing mush, F)  You've probably seen the movie and loved it so this review means nothing to you, if you haven't seen it, take a stand against bad cinema and skip it, skip Gladiator, skip every Saturday Night Live Skit to Movie, and settle down with a copy of &quot;Who's Afraid of the Virginia Woolf&quot;, a movie with superb acting and superb direction.
0345350499|4.0|I just got through with this book last night and I was enraptured by the story.  This is the first story on the King Arthur myth that I have ever read, and though I knew of King Arthur and the Round Table, about Lancelet, the Merlin, and Guinefwer, I never really KNEW the story.  What a great intrduction into this world of magic, and Mysteries, fairies and religion.  Morgaine of The Fairies was a complex and interesting character.  She was so real, with attributes and flaws that you could relate to.  Sometimes I didn't like her but I always felt for her and the decisions she had to make to keep Avalon in the world.  Guienefwer was not the perfect Queen I had thought she was.  Lancelet was everything I thought he would be, handsome and brave, thoughtful and good despite his infatuation with the queen, he was the perfect Champion of the Queen.  I loved King Arthur, even when he turned his back on Avalon he did it because he thought it was right.  His heart was good.  All of the Knights of the Round Table were what you would expect them to be and more, and this story did not dissappoint in the telling of this wonderful myth from the women's point of view.  There was alot of talk about religion and the differences in the beliefs of the time, how christianity came to this part of the country and the world was so interesting.  The Goddess and the priestess's and their beliefs were something to keep you wondering about for many years to come.  How important it is to remember that the Earth and everything on it is blessed and that we should never take advantage of what God gave us or eachother.  This book made me think of everything that I learned in Sunday school, it made me question my beliefs and it made my faith stronger in not only God, but the Goddess, and the goodness in this world.
0783114222|5.0|Truly a wonderful production filled with all the triumph and tradgedy of the race to the moon. This series mainly covers the Apollo program, only briefly touching on the Mercury and Gemini missions in the first episode. Otherwise, each episode deals with the progression towards the first moon landings and on to the final mission in 1972.
B000059XUI|4.0|That would have made a better title when it came out into theaters in 1981(Giggle)! Anyway, the second Superman movie was definately a gem for anyone to watch! It is action packed as the Man of Steel (Christopher Reeve) takes on the 3 Kryptonian villains (wonderfully played by Terrence Stamp, Sarah Douglas, and Jack O'Halloran), and its romantic in terms of Superman becoming serious with Lois Lane (Margot Kidder)! Although it was sad that Richard Donner didn't get to direct the second movie, Richard Lester did a wonderful job filling his shoes!     However, this was the first film which really began the down-fall of the series! It was clear that Richard Donner did set the tone for Superman which meant not to muck around with the legend! That being the case with the powers you see in this film! If you are a die-hard Superman fan, and know the character and his powers, you'll know what I mean when you watch it!  Second, the romance of this film with Lois and Superman does reach it's peak, but then at the end of this film, the fans will be upset with the total outcome! The worst was yet to come with the next 2 films!      Fortunately, this DVD is special to me because the magic is still there! Along with the &quot;letterbox&quot; widescreen version to the film which preserves this film and the other so well! Still, I know there were scenes cut-out of the original film that I wish could have been added onto this DVD! Maybe they will come out with the complete version someday soon!      Still, a very good movie I recomend to anyone!
B00005AQF7|5.0|I just wanted to note that this CD is exactly like the original just with slightly crisper audio.. there are no new or added tracks (except a music video you can play in your computer)... no tracks have been removed and no production has been changed.<br />I'm glad they rereleased this-- I lost my original in 1999 and by then it was out of print.
0684847248|5.0|This is, by far, the best book I have ever read.  It answered questions I didn't even know I had.  I could not put it down and when I was finished I walked away a better person.
0553573403|5.0|I've been hooked on the fantasy genre since about 3rd grade (that was a LONG time ago), and I've often suffered from pangs of guilt because of it; my conscience rarely fails to remind me that I should grow up and read Newsweek instead.  Face it - most fantasy is fluffy and formulaic:  The bad guys are irredeemably evil, the good guys are unbelievably noble, and the hero is impossibly, frustratingly, maniacally blockheaded in his refusal to believe, despite the warnings of friends, mentors, and prophets, that he really is &#8220;The Chose One.&#8221;  Worst of all, he&#8217;s indestructible.  You know the routine:  The entire planet violently explodes, but the hero miraculously survives by holding his breath and clinging to a convenient chunk of flying debris.<br />Well, this book has gone a long way toward reassuring me that it's ok to be over 13 and still enjoy fantasy novels.  There is a well-developed plot, the characters come in more than two flavors, and there is a refreshingly innovative commitment to the concept that being nice should not preclude a character&#8217;s suffering misfortune, or even death.<br />I wholeheartedly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys fantasy stories, or thinks he might, with only a couple of caveats:<br />1) There is some sexual content....  The sexual passages in this book are somewhat graphic, but they&#8217;re also frank, well written, and most important, they&#8217;re there because they ought to be.  The author writes about sex with the same maturity as the rest of the novel &#8211; I didn&#8217;t get the sense that he was embarrassed, so I wasn&#8217;t either.  Adults should be able to read this without cringing, but should exercise caution before approving this book for younger readers....<br />2) There's plenty of derring-do, but if you're a glutton for hack-and-slash action, you might get a little bored with the intrigues and manipulations that make up the bulk of the story.  On a similar note, fans of magical fireworks displays should be warned that, so far at least, while magic exists in this universe, it&#8217;s very low-key.<br />This is the best fantasy book I&#8217;ve read in a long time, and I&#8217;m about to purchase the second in the series.  SPECIAL NOTE to Robert Jordan fans:  This is better!  =)eworks displays should be warned that, so far at least, while magic exists in this universe, it&#8217;s very low-key.<br />This is the best fantasy book I&#8217;ve read in a long time, and I&#8217;m about to purchase the second in the series.  SPECIAL NOTE to Robert Jordan fans:  This is better!  =)
B00002E233|1.0|I don't know how I got drawn into watching this movie, but I actually watched the entire thing.  I guess it comes from being a big &quot;Jaws&quot; fan.  This is basically an idiotic movie.  L.L. Cool J. steals the show.  Without him, this movie would not have even been tolerable to watch.
B00005AAFT|5.0|Rammstein ist sehr Gut!! the boys from Berlin have done it agian with this album much harder and heavier than the last one more like there first realese(HERZELEID)Till really sings this ne like never before and allthough there have been mixed reactions with fans theres no questioning this is great a miilion times beter than anyone else dont be afraid if you dont speak German either this u can feel its universal!
B00005BL2A|5.0|Depeche Mode<br />A group of unlimited creativity and genius music talent. Throughout the years, they showed to the whole world, by their low profile, that they can deliver groudbreaking sound, lyrics and melody that none can match. The long awaited Exciter, had me thinking about what gets them to where they are today. Exciter, is very evolutionary in nature. The lyrics have reached an unprecedented depth, and Dave's voice is more penetrating than ever before.  &quot;Freelove&quot; and &quot;Shine&quot; are the two tracks that have left a mark. Not to say that the others are not up to par. for more than 15 years of DM ties, I still just can't get enough.<br />&quot;When you are born a lover, you're born to suffer&quot;
0141301139|4.0|Of course the author is fantastic. The story itself is kind of gruesome. My daughter took a long time reading this one but she won't let me get rid of it. If you are a Dahl fan, then you might as well add this one to your list, it's a shorter read than alot of his other books. It's always sad to see animals get picked on.
630027120X|5.0|Personally, this movie touched my life.   I watched it as part of a Spanish class and boy I am glad someone introduced this into my life. I found Jeremey Irons deeply moving as the father who was torn between his native people and the government. I loved Robert De Niro is this as well. He was very believble as a man who seeks God's forgiveness. I loved the whole thing and I was never bored. SEE THIS MOVIE for the historical context and the dramtic events that shaped Latin America.
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Romeo and Juliet, eat ya heart out!! Absolutely Brillant. A true Love story that will captivate your heart and leave yourself singing away all day long!!
B00004WG2X|3.0|I think all of the previous reviews have interesting points of view, particularly in comparing this version to the later one starring Colin Firth. I think they both have their good points--I like this version mainly for Elizabeth Garvie's portrayal of Elizabeth, which seems much more true to the book. She's witty and also excitable; Jennifer Ehle portrays an Elizabeth who is so mellow she isn't very much like the original character. I also in this version much preferred Mr. Bennett (in the later version he seems more like a kindly old man than the sarcastic and eccentric wit of the book), Lady Catherine, Jane, and Miss Bingley. Although I think I preferred the Jane in this early version simply because she's actually pretty--the later version's actress, though perfectly competent, was not very attractive, and Jane's purported beauty is kind of important in the book itself. I also liked the Mr. Darcy in this version--I think one reason Firth comes off better is because you just get to see more of him so you start to warm up to him--David Rintoul doesn't get the same opportunity.<br />What I did like about the second version was its dramatization of Mr. Darcy's going to London and seeking Wickham and Lydia, as well as what he went through with Wickham attempting to run off with his sister. It fleshed it out.<br />Of the more minor characters: Lydia was MUCH better in the later version than in this one.  I think Miss Bingley was better in the first version. She seemed more comfortable with her lines, and wasn't as obviously bitchy--it made more sense that she would seek a friendship with Jane, at least initially.<br />Lady Catherine is much better in this version, mainly because she's much better fleshed out. She's hilarious.<br />Both of the series have elements where they are more true to the book than the other--I can't say I thought one was more true than the other. For example, in the book Elizabeth was outraged at Charlotte's marrying Mr. Collins; in the later version she's likewise upset (although gets over it quickly); in this version she a little surprised but overall quite sympathetic about it with Charlotte. On the other hand, in this version while Elizabeth is staying with Charlotte she's constantly running into Mr. Darcy while she's out walking, clearly by design on his part-he's courting her even if she doesn't quite get it because of previous experiences. So when he finally proposes it makes more sense that he might think that she would be &quot;expecting his addresses&quot; even if she doesn't--and all that is in the book. In the later Colin Firth version he simply runs into her by accident once while on horseback, stares at her, and moves on. So his proposal comes out of left field, why should she be &quot;expecting his addresses&quot;? (I'm getting that from towards the end of the book, when they've finally gotten together, and he tells her that he thought she would be expecting his proposal--a scene that is also in both versions.)
B00005BL2A|4.0|First thing first, Depeche Mode exists to me as one of the most influential, powerful and underappreciated bands of all time.  Only the faithful seem to understand the subtle expression and sinister meanings to Martin Gore's writings and Dave Gahan's voice.  The majority of music fans, those who think N'Sync can even spell the word &quot;TALENT,&quot; believe the band should more aptly carry the moniker &quot;Depressed Mode.&quot; Good.  Those of us who let the music's richness of expression and mood cause us to reflect upon our lost loves, happiest moments and past sexual experiences, are members of an exclusive, more enlightened, club. But back to &quot;Exciter.&quot;  As DM's 10th effort, it's very difficult to separate it from the history it carries, and to hear it on its own merrits.  As the next chapter of a band that has evolved from a campy, synth-pop act (especially when Vince Clark was at the helm) to creating the most powerfully dark songs ever written (just listen to &quot;Stripped&quot;), this album makes perfect sense.  As DM moves from its signature multi layered sound approach, to simpler, subtler beats, fans can feel as if they are gleaming into songwriter Martin Gore's ever maturing writing abilities.  Here, Dave Gahan's voice is given the duty of carrying much of the music's weight.  And he is more than capable.  Returning from &quot;ULTRA,&quot; where he whispered his way through most of the album, his voice is back as booming, sexual and competent. But even alone, it is a gripping album.  Like &quot;Black Celebration&quot; and &quot;Music For The Masses,&quot; the songs seemingly flow into on another, providing a beautiful continuity, as if the listener was follwoing a story.   The songs are deceptivley simple.  You sometimnes wonder where the rest of the music is, but then this simplicity allows you to hear and appreciate the way each individual sound combines with one another to create a full melody.  And though many of the songs lack anythingresembling a &quot;hook,&quot; Dave Gahan's powerful voice easily leads you through this finely woven tapestry. The best on the album include Shine, Dream On, I feel Loved, Sweetest Condition and Goodnight Lovers. Though definitely not DM's best album, like &quot;ULTRA,&quot; it will definitely age well over time, and get better with each listening.
0064409422|5.0|I was hoping the content and emotions in this story would be ok for my 5 year old.  He loved it!  There was just enough suspense, drama and adventure to thrill but not scare him. The novel features four siblings who discover Narnia, a magical world, hidden behind fur coats in a wardrobe inside the home they've been sent to live in. In Narnia, they find ethical and moral challenges as they help their magical friends (mostly talking animals) free the land from the spell of the evil White Witch who has made winter a permanent season and turns anyone who she perceives as a threat into stone.  The language is easy for most young children to understand and it's likely each reader can identify with at least one personality in the story.  The artwork is beautiful and the paper quality is excellent too.
0671034065|3.0|Although I have read very little of Linda Howard's work, I picked up Mr. Perfect because I'd heard from so many other readers how funny it was.  Since I count Janet Evanovich, Jennifer Crusie and Dave Barry among my favorite authors, I thought I'd give it a try.  And on that level, Mr. Perfect met my expectations. . .but only some of the time.<br />On the one hand, I enjoyed reading it (and I don't finish a book I don't like).  Even though I found the premise a little flimsy -- I just didn't buy that The List would cause so much hoopla -- the dialogue between the protagonists, Jaine and Sam, was at times hilarious; I really liked Sam (even if I found him a little crude for my tastes at times); the pacing kept me turning pages; the twist at the end worked for me.  The trouble was, I felt as if I was reading two or three different books that had been forced into one -- the writing seemed uneven, and while the various aspects of the story worked, put together, they bothered me.<br />Usually, when humor is combined with a murder mystery, the author takes pains to somehow distance the murder victims from the protagonist -- and the reader, as well -- by killing them off before the reader gets to know them, by making them unlikeable to the point where the reader feels no sympathy for them, by making them only peripheral acquaintances of the protagonist.  Even in cases in which the protagonist knows and likes the victims, most authors give the reader time to grieve and adjust to the deaths before reintroducing the humor.  In this book, two women, close friends of the heroine, are brutally murdered.  Yet, in both cases, even though we see the heroine and the remaining friends completely broken up over the deaths, within a few pages we're expected to laugh. . .or go with the flow when Sam and Jaine hit the sheets.  Again.  (I have no trouble with sexy books, or explicit sex, but this went a little over the top for me, mainly because the sex wasn't shown in such a way as to show the characters' growth.)  Few authors can juxtapose laugh out loud funny with horrible and sinister without jarring the reader.  Unfortunately, in this book, Ms. Howard doesn't quite pull it off, even though I could see how hard she tried -- the ladies telling jokes and laughing at Marci's &quot;wake&quot;, the &quot;theraputic&quot; sex, was supposed to help the ladies deal with their grief.  Unfortunately, instead of achieving the brilliant dark humor of Crusie or Evanovich or Barry, it just didn't work.<br />I had other problems with the story as well.  Even though I understand this isn't a romance per se, so much time was spent on the developing relationship between Jaine and Sam that one couldn't call it a subplot.  Yet, without much, if any, real conflict between them -- it seemed a pretty straight line from hate to hots to marriage proposal -- that aspect, especially in light of how many pages were devoted to sex scenes, left me feeling a little gypped.  I liked this couple, yes, and loved their banter. . .but I wanted to see them struggle more for their happily ever after.  And while the humor between the hero and heroine really did sparkle, I didn't feel the same way about the scenes with the four women.  There, I got the feeling Ms. Howard didn't trust the reader to find the dialogue funny without telling us how funny it was.  The result was like reading scenes with a laugh track.<br />Not a horrible book by any means.  Just not the caliber I expect from someone at this level.show the characters' growth.)  Few authors can juxtapose laugh out loud funny with horrible and sinister without jarring the reader.  Unfortunately, in this book, Ms. Howard doesn't quite pull it off, even though I could see how hard she tried -- the ladies telling jokes and laughing at Marci's &quot;wake&quot;, the &quot;theraputic&quot; sex, was supposed to help the ladies deal with their grief.  Unfortunately, instead of achieving the brilliant dark humor of Crusie or Evanovich or Barry, it just didn't work.  <br />I had other problems with the story as well.  Even though I understand this isn't a romance per se, so much time was spent on the developing relationship between Jaine and Sam that one couldn't call it a subplot.  Yet, without much, if any, real conflict between them -- it seemed a pretty straight line from hate to hots to marriage proposal -- that aspect, especially in light of how many pages were devoted to sex scenes, left me feeling a little gypped.  I liked this couple, yes, and loved their banter. . .but I wanted to see them struggle more for their happily ever after.  And while the humor between the hero and heroine really did sparkle, I didn't feel the same way about the scenes with the four women.  There, I got the feeling Ms. Howard didn't trust the reader to find the dialogue funny without telling us how funny it was.  The result was like reading scenes with a laugh track.  <br />Not a horrible book by any means.  Just not the caliber I expect from someone at this level.
B000002JSN|3.0|If you like Tunes other than Stairway and Whole Lotta Love by LZ, then by all means, get this album. For me though, Plant's voice really got on my nerves during songs like Black country woman. You expect a man singing about a woman would be a little bit more mannish. Plant is extremely talented as a vocalist and lyricist and composer and even a decent musician. However, his voice is not for everybody. Though This has great vocals for Plant, if you don't like his voice, don't bother. It's full of that same voice that irritates some and causes others to be lovestruck and awestruck. It has a nice acoustic instrumental called BRON-YR-AUR. <br />The only problem is that no matter how nice it is, it's the only thing on the album that was short and not drug out. If I had to play devil's advocate, I'd say that this was just way to self indulgent. In my time of dying gave way to a few great jamming parts, but man- it could have easily been cut in half. <br />I like Zepplin but as somebody whose just not a huge fan, I really wouldn't buy this album twice. If it were shorter and more to the point and had lower less frenzied vocals, I'd love the music of Kashmir and Trampled under foot and Down by the seaside. But if it had those things, it wouldn't be LZ so what can I say. This album just isn't for non-fans. It represents Zepplin in a perfect way though. The folk- the blues- the rock- the eastern flavors- it's all in there and mixed up. Just like Zepplin. For any fan, just not for me.
B000002MP2|5.0|In my mind this is the highest point in Green Day's carreer.  Not even Nimrod beats this one(it comes really close - pick that up to).  If you enjoy punk, buy this album.
0060977493|3.0|I found this book a little tough to get through despite the author's facility with words.  It was veiled in sadness throughout, even before the precipitating event(s), and then became downright depressing.  I give the author 5 stars for language and writing ability, but only 1 star for writing a book that I desired to finish.  I did finish it, but found little in it to encourage me to pick it up each night.
B000006TRV|5.0|and this is one of their best c.d.s.  The music is perfect and the story is interesting so that you'll find yourself analyzing it after you listen to the abulm a few times.
0060930349|4.0|Johnson's conservative treatise couldn't be more opposite to Zinn's...\\"A History of the American People.\\"  Obviously, depending on what end of the political spectrum you are on, one book will appeal to you more.  The one main difference between the two is that while Zinn is skeptical of everything and even admits to his hero's shortcomings...Johnson refuses to look at conservative leaders objectively and honestly...Regardless, Johnson's book is well written and covers some details Zinn misses -- it is a good, if opinionated, read (which makes it more fun!).  I recommend reading Zinn and Johnson only for those well versed in history, able to know that Zinn and Johnson are writing through their own lenses, and can differentiate between fact and fiction.
B000002UA0|4.0|Piper, in my opion, is not as good as Pink Floyd's later cd's but it gets four stars just for being a Pink Floyd album.  Plus I was born in '86 so I don't enjoy music from the sixties very much.
0446677450|1.0|I had the pleasure of listening to this book through it's books on tape version.  For one, I do not think I would of finished this book if I had to read it.  Probably would of cut it short after chapter 2.<br />What did i get out of from this book?  To be honest not a lot.  This book was filled with so many generalized ideas and preachings that I constantly was searching for specific, concrete ideas that I may apply to my life in order to help myself with my financial goals.  <br />&quot;Always remember, make money work for you, don't work for money&quot;.  This is what the book kept saying but I never got a clear picture on how to accomplish that.  Maybe I wasn't listening too carefully.  Another preaching was &quot;to buy assets not liabilities&quot;.  All the preachings made common sense, but the concrete solutions and support for these sayings were not there for me.  Maybe because the ideas and teachings this book had to offer were too general.  I kind of agree with those who said that alot of this book consists of generalized ramblings.  <br />Me being 24 years old, i guess I lack the patience and money management experience to really understand what the author is trying to say.  I started listening to this book with the attitude that you can not teach people how to get rich.  And my attitude still stands today.<br />rk
B00005JH7D|5.0|Marcus wher have you been !  This is a very funky CD from the first cut, Power, which takes you on a groove to the final cut with Chaka Khan.  Only one vocal on the CD and it's good to see marcus get back to his funky roots.  If you like mood music buy Kenny G but if you like funky tunes with a host of people, including herbie Hancock then buy this and buy it NOW !  It will stay in your CD player for quite a while.
B00005B36H|3.0|Upon listening to this album twice through, i had fiercely written a review denouncing this album.  Oddly enough, it hasn't been published.  Thankfully perhaps.....<br />Since then, i have listened to the album over and over with the purpose of trying it out, and forcing myself to like it.  After all, i am a Tool fan; it's hard to swallow dislike for an album by one of your favourite bands.<br />After a epiphany of sorts, i realized this album is indeed not trash as i had initially rated it.  BUT, i stand firm in my belief that this is not by any means a great album as others have reputed.  In fact, i question their views.  I ask them to ponder whether they'd rave about this album if it were another band, and not Tool.<br />I still believe the album is monotonous, with no experimentation into different melodies.  I have read reviews from nima where the album was labeled as sounding the same; song to song.  I disagree.  nima had a similar tone, but guitar riffs and general rhythms varied, whereas Lateralus does not.  Lateralus strikes me as something you'd hear at a concert.  Improv jams that a band would play and fans would love, but not something that would comprise an album.  As a note, whereas i think nima is the best album yet, i did not want Lateralus to be nima, Part 2.  I merely expected somethings else.......<br />That said, I still like a few songs from Lateralus.  The Grudge( i beleive is the best song on the album), Schism, Parabola are good songs.  I despise Lateralis, mainly due to its sheer length without any function.  The last few songs are fine, but once again, aren't songs that should be an album cut, but a concert jam.  The most dissapointing moments of Lateralus are where Tool begins playing and starting to musically peak in a song, then immediately change rhythm to a quieter beat or to the all-to-familiar rhythm in every other song.<br />I don't quite understand the pleasure some people take in the transmission from Parabol to Parabola.In fact, Parabol irritates me, and i always skip to Parabola.<br />I conclude that my dislike and likes for this album probably balance out, and i recommend Lateralus.  It makes for good background music for certain tracks.  The Grudge may well be the song that makes this album purchase-worthy.
B00004XONN|2.0|I sincerely love Radiohead. They are one of the more original mainstream &quot;alternative&quot; bands to come out of the 90's. Upon purchasing the disc I played it in the car CD player on the way home and really, really wanted to like it. I think the main reason it didn't end up being thrown out the window into a tree was because I didn't want to litter the countryside with such stuff. Over the weeks that followed I cautiously put the CD back into the player hoping against hope that I had been too quick to judge the disc as garbage. What I discovered was that neither the music nor my opinion had changed a bit and I once again found myself looking speculatively at the closed car window.<br />I am the first to applaud a successful band that continues to try to reinvent themselves and who pushes into new territories (at least new to them). I agreed with most that &quot;Ok Computer&quot; was utterly brilliant and easily one of the best albums of the year. The sounds and songs on &quot;Kid A&quot;, however, miss me entirely. Other than the beautiful 'How to Disappear Completely' and the radio-friendly rocker 'Optimistic' the album is mostly laded with self-indulgent electronica nonsense -- repetitive, monotonous, and puzzling.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|If you love the beatles music, this is a wonderful CD that gives you the begining, middle and end (does it ever really end?) of the Beatles career. This is not a CD for people that hate the Beatles because to like them would in someway betray the rolling stones.  It is a CD for people that love the music of the 60's and the Beatles
B00003CXP1|5.0|......in my own humble opinion.<br />Requiem For A Dream on the surface is not disturbing. It's intense and certainly shocking, but it doesn't get disturbing until you peel back the layers. Darren Aronofsky, along with David Fincher, is a director who is very aware of the material he creates his films from. The novel that this movie is based on is not about drug addicts. Let me repeat that, it is NOT about drug addicts. It is not Trainspotting. Requiem For A Dream tells you what it's about in its title. Dreams. Dreams that every single one of us have. Some of us achieve them. Some of us let them fall by the wayside and settle for something else. Then there are those of us, that are so obsessed, so ADDICTED, to our dreams, that we are in danger of destroying all the good things around us that we've created in our lives while in pursuit of this one solitary single goal. In Requiem, Harry, Tyrone, and Marion want to have the good life. They want money and success. They want to get there as soon as possible. They take short cuts to get there because the goal is taking way too long. <br />So, what's the difference between you and them? That they shoot heroin? Are any of us addicted to cigarettes? To caffeine? To sex? To shopping, even? Anything can be a crippling addiction, anything can stand in the way of pursuing your dream without even you realizing it. You, yourself, could be standing in the way of your dream, and you might not even realize it.<br />Sara Goldfarb wants to be thin so she can be on television. There are so many people who hate the way they look and will do anything to get the body or the face they want. Many do not have the patience or endurance for exercise. For many, exercise may not work, so they look for other methods. Sara Goldfarb is your neighbor, she's your mom, your sister, the woman who served you your coffee at your local coffee shop today.<br />People are too quick to write this movie off, even those that love it, as a &quot;drug&quot; movie. It's not. It's a cautionary tale about letting your dreams destroy your life. In particular, the &quot;American dream&quot; that's advertised day and night to us. Selby understands this. Aronofsky understands this. Many don't. Not even Amazon.com understands it (read their review of this film. Especially their &quot;Is there anything in this film that any sane person doesn't already know?&quot; line.) It's only after you see the movie, and especially when you read the book, and when you peel away the shock effect layers of the work in your brain days, weeks, months after you see or read it, and realize that what happens to every character in &quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; could very easily happen to you. All it can take is one wrong decision, like Sara's use of diet pills, or a belief that you can &quot;beat the system&quot; without recognizing your own weaknesses, like Harry, Tyrone, and Marion, to have you spiraling downward. It's that easy. It can happen to any one of us.<br />That's why it's disturbing.
6301543408|1.0|...just a brief message for the good reviews out there.<br />Honestly, this film just simply &quot;hurts.&quot;  <br />An admiral says, &quot;I need James Kirk&quot; to help out with terrorist negotiations.  You should be applauding along with Kirk when he responds, &quot;Oh, please.&quot;  &quot;Oh, please&quot; indeed!  Let's face it...Star Fleet has plenty of candidates out there and plenty more ships.  James Kirk needs to handle a simple terrorist scenario?  Come off it!<br />Then let's get into some character flaws...<br />Uhura putting on a dance show contrary to her professionalism. Spock unable to shoot his brother, although &quot;logic would clearly dictate&quot; that he do so!!!<br />Ugh, I can't continue!!  And all under the adventure story to hunt for GOD who is not really GOD but an evil creature living somewhere near Stonehenge...not really Stonehenge, but you have to give the movie writers credit for LACK of creativity in coming up with this evil creature's lair.  Thankfully, Star Trek V's rendition of Satan can be taken out with Klingon weaponry.<br />And our Klingon nemesis flying around in a bird of prey?  &quot;He's good!&quot;; a response to Kirk flying into the Enterprise at an unsafe speed into the shuttle bay, narrowly avoiding a photon torpedo.  Hmm...let's see, what else could the Klingon have done:<br />1.  Shot the Enterprise. 2.  Knowing the Enterprise's destruction would strand the shuttlecraft, ponder what to do next for about 2 seconds. 3.  Shoot the shuttlecraft.<br />No, instead our bumbling idiot of a Klingon decides to go after the one target that wouldn't give him trouble of any sort had he destroyed a FEDERATION BATTLECRUISER first!!  Whatever!!<br />This movie is the ONLY reason why I gave Star Trek: The Motion Picture 2 stars.  The first movie was bland, boring and dull, but it had the sensibility of characters STAYING in character and a plot that was cohesive and far less ludicrous than this piece of trash that Paramount unfortunately was stuck with.
B00004XMVH|4.0|This is a great edge-of-your-seat movie.  The characters are very likable and the special effects are awesome!  I love it when the depth charges explode and you can actually see the ships bend from the pressure.  After the movie was over, I stopped holding my breath and came up for air.  This is not a perfect 5 star movie, but it is well worth paying the price of admission!
6305910103|5.0|Wonderful story!!<br />The tete-a-tete between Montalban and Shatner is truly wonderful, although there is one unintentionally funny element as Shatner is yelling &quot;Khan!&quot; into his comlink.  Even as a kid, I thought his facial expression (trying to depict true rage) was kind of funny.<br />Aside from that, it's a story that doesn't waste its time and the action was great!  The final scene with Spock's death was especially heart-wrenching playing beautifully into themes established early in the film<br />The power of Genesis is probably the only offsetting power element to the story that is saved by Star Trek III that thankfully goes to say:  It doesn't work.<br />Enjoy the film!
B000002TQV|5.0|After experiencing commercial success with their first album, Radiohead moved away from the mainstream with their second release, The Bends.  The album is a richly textured collage of swirling guitars and multi-layered instrumentation that harkens back to the prog-rock days of Yes &amp; Jethro Tull, but with a modern twist.  Instead of being propelled by the commercial success Thom Yorke followed his own muse and the band created one of more compelling albums of 1995.  From the acoustic tones of the lush &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; to the driving &quot;My Iron Lung&quot;, The Bends offers an intense listening experience that challenges you, but in the end entertains.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This is Maiden's last album in which it has 5-star rating.  I was a bit disappointed with Brave New World, altho it had it's moments.  Anyway, this album has great guitar and bass work, and incredible vocals.  Songs like the title track and &quot;The Evil That Men Do&quot; are full of emotion and are enough to make you cry.  And my favorite track, &quot;Can I Play With Madness&quot;, is so beautiful, lyrically and musically, that it has the power to make me cry.  Not as good as Powerslave, though
B000002TQV|5.0|After experiencing commercial success with their first album, Radiohead moved away from the mainstream with their second release, The Bends.  The album is a richly textured collage of swirling guitars and multi-layered instrumentation that harkens back to the prog-rock days of Yes &amp; Jethro Tull, but with a modern twist.  Instead of being propelled by the commercial success Thom Yorke followed his own muse and the band created one of more compelling albums of 1995.  From the acoustic tones of the lush &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot; to the driving &quot;My Iron Lung&quot;, The Bends offers an intense listening experience that challenges you, but in the end entertains.
B00004YRQA|5.0|A very simple product.  It's an 8 megabyte memory card for read/write capability for the Playstation 2 (PS2).  This is an essential item for the PS2.  When I initially got mine, I didn't buy one of these.  A brain lapse, perhaps, but it was really annoying to have to throw away any progress I made in a game because I didn't have one of these.<br />This is definitely more expensive than memory cards for other systems, but it is legitimately so.  Nintendo 64 and Dreamcast cards have far less capacity to save game data than this.  They describe them as &quot;pages&quot; rather than a standard measurment as  MB (megabyte) is.  But just to give you an example, NFL2K1 saved season take up 90% of ONE Dreamcast memory card.  Madden on the PS2 takes up 300K out of the 8,192K available on this Sony memory card.<br />When I originally ordered this, I bought 2 of them.  I thought it would be just like the Dreamcast and N64 and that I'd need several.  Not even close to filling the first card up so far with saved data (in some cases up to 8 separate saves in one game) from 8 different games.<br />Aside from its performance, the card itself is small, light, and sturdy.  There is even a place to put a label on.
B000002UR7|5.0|Radiohead's debut album Pablo Honey doesn't sound much like their future releases.  It is a guitar driven, low-fi album that doesn't feature the big sonic landscapes of their future work.  The songs are all pretty much straight ahead, alt-rock numbers.  Thom Yorke has one of the more distinctive voices in music and is a sharp songwriter and delivers big time on the debut.  &quot;Anyone Can Play Guitar&quot; is a great track that has some soaring melodies.  &quot;How Do You Do?&quot; is fast and bouncy while &quot;Thinking About You&quot; slow things down with its acoustic tones.  &quot;Creep&quot; is a song that both the band and its hardcore fans hate because it threatened to make them a one-hit wonder.  But the song is quite simply amazing and it became a big hit for a good reason.  Pablo Honey is strong alt-rock music that rose above the usual alt-rock music of its day.
6300214826|5.0|astonishing film,great performances,the story of Nam,''the end''was or is like that..Brando was''god''..
B00005BL2A|4.0|I was excited about a the new cd coming out.  I have loved DM for years now.  Every cd (or back when, tape) I have bought I have loved.  I had to listen to Songs of Faith &amp; Devotion a few times to add it to my love list and Exciter is the same.  It is different, but current.  DM always evolves with the time.  I have listened to the cd a few times now and I can say it will be added to my love list also. New DM has to &quot;sink in&quot; but they sound great as always.  I will be seeing them in concert soon for the 4th time...can't wait.
B000055Y12|2.0|If you have not seen this movie I highly suggest you either rent it or wait for it to be shown on AMC again. This is one of Hitchcock's worst movies. The character's and story are wooden and uninteresting. There is no signature Hitchcock humor and no exciting camera work. I am a huge Hitchcock fan and it is very hard for me to think of anything really positive about this film. It is simply not up to the Hitchcock standard. The only reason I gave it 2 stars is because a bad Hitchcock movie is still better than most other films made around the same time.<br />If you want to see some good Hitchcock movies that you may have missed, I highly recommend the Criterion Collection DVDs of The Lady Vanishes and The 39 Steps.
059035342X|5.0|I thought this book was great. Harry's parents were killed by Lord Voldemort but he lived somehow. He went to live with his Aunt and Uncle Dursley. The Dursleys have a son named Dudley which always picks on Harry. Harry keeps on getting letters about a wixard school named Hogwarts. Harry meets a bunch of people which some become his friends. Read this book and you will see what happens to Harry and his friends. I like this book because I think the first book is the best book.
0393320928|4.0|A sort of sequel to \\"Surely You're Joking...,\\" this book has fewer laughs but still kept me fascinated by the mind of Richard Feynman.  \\"Surely You're Joking...\\" was filled with short humorous anecdotes, not necessarily related, coming together as a sketchy autobiography.  \\"What Do You Care...\\" is a little different in form and has two main themes:  Feynman's relationship with Arlene, his first wife, and his challenges with the Challenger space shuttle investigation.  <br />In this book, as opposed to \\"Surely You're Joking...\\" we get stories that we can follow for a longer time, and so there is a little more depth to them.  Arlene's character is described more fully here, so we can understand their relationship better, and that was interesting.  But I was more drawn to the Challenger story, which consists of his difficulties in finding information on the causes of the explosion while having to deal with bureaucracy and the unscientific minds of management.  Sure, there must be tons of biases in here (he's a very opinionated guy), but Feynman's adventures are nonetheless filled with wonderful insights about life and science.  And the last chapter, \\"The Value of Science\\" deals with things that many have forgotten or have never learned about science, doubt, and integrity.
014028009X|5.0|The novel takes you through the days and nights of Bridget Jones, a woman that any female can identify with at some time in her life. She is constantly worried about her weight, bad habits and her attraction to bad men. The one aspect of the book I enjoyed was the relationship between Bridget and her parents. The changes they go through are cause for many laughs and a few tears. It's a nice quick read and sure to cheer you up! I did find myself needing a British to English glossary though!
1878424319|5.0|This is one of the most amazing books I ever read. This book has the magic of simplicity and power. <br />This is the greatest book about how to run out of hell of the fear and run into a haven of love. <br />The book explains Toltec wisdom in simple but powerful way.
B00005K3OT|5.0|Chocolat is a film about breaking traditions (fool traditions that is),about discovering yourself and mostly about love.  The whole movie is structured like a fable with a narrator, plenty of funny things that probably would never happen and of course a lesson, but so subtle you'll not think of it as a lesson. Its 1959, France  an immaginary town controlled by a mean old mayor (Alfred Molina as funny as ever), whose people only attend church and have a hostile environment. Vianne arrives (exquisitely played by Juliette Binoche)sets up a chocolaterie, in the middle of lent, and the town will never be the same. Chocolat is a comedy, a drama, a satyre but is mainly a great film with great performances, a beautiful soundtrack and that feel good charm most movies lack. Don't miss it! BEST PICTURE NOMINEE AND WELL DESERVED!
B000002MZ6|5.0|This is the album I would be able to listen forever. Certainly one of the best Mikes albums.<br />On the album is, besides the music, the computer presentation. Unfortenately, it's for Macintosh, not for PC. However, the spot Let There be Light is on the CD too. The spot is also great.
B00005B36H|4.0|This is a very good CD, but Aenima is better. If you have never heard Tool, check that one out first. In my opinion, the best tracks on this CD are The Patient and Reflection.
B000002NCW|5.0|Another brilliant Mikes album. The album with tradicional Celtic sound. Very calm. <br />Wonderful
0790733226|5.0|I loved this movie for a few reasons. One being that Robert Zemeckis is a great director....and I'm big on good direction.... also...I put it up there with films like bladerunner. I love the story basically. The story isnt just about alien conact and all that, its much deeper. Its all just hidden away behind all that alien contact stuff. Bladerunner and its ideas reflections upon life and death[&quot;all those moments lost in time like tears in rain&quot;] and contact, I found as clearly a metaphor for faith. Its got the preist guy, then an 'un beleiver'. Then how the main character thinks she saw somethign yet she cant prove it..... same as religion and faith and stuff....... great film.
0394800389|5.0|Dr. Seuss's Fox in Socks is easily the most entertaining children's poetry book there is. An absolute must for Seuss fans, young and old! Read it aloud to your kids, preferably as fast as you can - and you'll all giggle 'till your tummies hurt.
B000024ASD|3.0|I was ten when this came out, so I briefly caught the hype that surrounded the band at the time (they took great delight in being image-led, although they seem to regret that nowadays). It took me until recently to buy the actual album itself, and it's pretty much as I expected - ZZ Top with lots of samples, but not nearly as good. The novelty carries it along for a while, and the whole thing is so ludicrously dated as to be charming, but it's not the kind of thing I imagine myself listening to a lot.    The main problem is that all the songs are more or less the same - a weedy electronic rock'n'roll bassline with echoey, Presley-style vocals, except for 'Atari Baby' which is a ballad and consists of the lead singer singing 'Atari Baby' repeatedly over some chords - but it's not loud enough or fast enough to make it work as it did for, say, Frankie Goes to Hollywood. Whether it's the band or the production, it sounds very weak and thin.    The production itself is a snapshot of what was trendy in 1986, and it's full of pitch-shifted vocals, gated reverb, stuttery samples, bits that go backwards, and snippets from films and stuff. This gets annoying, and gets in the way of the songs which, if played 'straight', might actually have been quite good.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Give my regards to Jay and Silent Bob! Kevin Smith is by far one of the most original writer/directors in our Post-modern, Palm Pilot, Cell phone Society. The trials and tribulations of some of the most inconspicuous drone workers of our times ('some' being clerks everywhere) are thoughtfully and hilariously revealed as more than just a worker, but a WORKING CLASS HERO!  Smith also has a amazing knack of rediculling society in all it's obvious folly. He proved this also in 'Dogma' by poking fun at, OH NO, HEAVENS, THE CATHOLIC CHURCH, and before that 'CLERKS'. Smith is a pop culture treasure and 'CLERKS' years after its modest release proves to audiences today just how good Smith is.  A wonderful movie, especially if you have some friends to watch it with, 'CLERKS' will have you treating our respectable gas-n-stop friends and video store jerks as far more than clerks, but ALL-AMERICAN CLERKS!
B00005BL2A|5.0|It's still good, though.  Most haters (as our hip-hop friends say) are unhappy because this cd is slow.  Only three uptempo tracks (note to Mark Bell: when &quot;Freelove&quot; becomes a single, use the maximal chorus version).  The title is obviously slightly ironic, since the cd is more hypnotic than exciting. But can anyone deny that each song is strong?  Martin's favorite themes - being under the thrall of a powerful lover (&quot;When the Body Speaks,&quot; &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot;) - are harped on here, but the collection has new ideas, too (&quot;Freelove,&quot; &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; (which sounds like Erasure) and &quot;I Am You&quot;).  Haters are unhappy that there aren't more obvious pop hooks, but this cd has more potential singles than any DM album except Violator.  Best of all, Exciter really holds together; it has a consistent and seductive feel.  It may not make you get to your feet and boogie now, but it will grow into a perennial favorite, like Astral Weeks or Pornography.
B00003CXRP|5.0|Tom Hanks manages to act this entire adventure movie solely on his own and still capture the audience's attention throughout the movie.  Tom Hanks is a master at acting in almost any roll.  The man truly amazes me and I loved Cast Away.  I will watch it many more times.
B000002UAF|5.0|An absolutely incidiary piece of Pop.<br />It's little wonder the Beatles drove teeny-boppers wild with this stuff in 1964/65, it still drives me crazy after literally thousands of listenings 35 years later.  The songs, the arrangements, the playing, the singing, the production: it's all perfect.<br />Pure fun and refined energy--not the thrash-about high-speed drone so many bands, then and now, mistake for energy--is what the Beatles were all about.<br />The Ed Sullivan Show and A Hard Day's Night are where most American's first fell for the Beatles.  The film and this soundtrack are still great places for anyone to begin their love affair with the world's best Pop band.
B000002HAJ|5.0|There are really 2 kinds of Cure albums: The &quot;thematic&quot; and the &quot;versatile.&quot;  By thematic, I mean that several Cure albums (usually those preferred by the hardcore fans) tend to be more consistent (i.e., very few upbeat &quot;pop&quot; songs), slightly less daring instrumentally, and laden with darker, harsher lyrics.  (Bloodflowers, Disintegration, Pornography and Faith).   These are beautifully written albums, though, and can more easily be listened to over and over.  &quot;Wish&quot; is of the second type. It is &quot;versatile;&quot; like Head on the Door, Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me, and Wild Mood Swings, it has much greater range, and like those albums, contains most of the hit singles that casual fans are familiar with from the radio.  Of these albums, Wish clearly stands out as the best.  The album contains such giddy songs as &quot;Friday I'm in Love,&quot; &quot;Wendy Time,&quot; and &quot;High,&quot; and another which is probably the best song the Cure never released as a single, &quot;Doing the Unstuck.&quot;   This album was completed by one of the strongest of the ever-changing Cure lineups, and the guitar on this album is many, often and harsh.  Songs like &quot;From the Edge of the Deep Green Sea&quot; and &quot;Open&quot; are classics now for concert goers; &quot;Cut&quot; is a quickly-paced scathing commentary on failed relationships, and &quot;Trust&quot; is a beautiful opus of hope and optimism.  Fans will also recognize &quot;A Letter to Elise,&quot; a beautiful single that might have been accurately called &quot;Pictures of You II.&quot;  The album closes, appropriately, with &quot;End&quot;-a majestic and thickly layered guitar romp that was supposed to signal this album as the last by the Cure.  Luckily for us, it wasn't.  I would comfortably say that this is one of the three best albums by the Cure (along with Disintegration and Bloodflowers), and probably the one most likely to be labeled a masterpiece by both hardcore and casual Cure fans alike.
0440180295|3.0|Sorry folks. not a big deal here. 3 star on yet another so called brilliant &quot;classic&quot;. Thematic parts are good but the main character &quot;billy pilgrim&quot; is boring and this book doesnt seem to be going anywhere even when giving respect to the story and those who perished in Dresden..then it ends. Nothing earth shaking happens in this book in theme, style or story.
0060278234|5.0|As a sequel to Nix's Sabriel, Lirael holds as much mystifying enchantment as the first novel. It is now many years into the future and Sabriel has 2 children, a daughter and a son. The land has been myseriously attacked and she and her husband must risk themselves terribly to keep the kindom in tact. But behind all of this, there is one of the Clayr, a bastard child who is diffrent, visionless. She who is key to the upcoming surge between the forces of the Charter and necromancy.<br />Follow Lirael's new generation's tale and be prepared to cry out for more when the book ends. Believe me, you'll be aching to read 'Abhorsen' by the time you finish.
B000002BFZ|5.0|...I eventually made my way to the album and was astonished!  It is one of the few Pearl Jam cds that I can actually just hit play and take in the whole experience track by track. I highly recommend this cd for anyone that has ever doubted it's contents. It's amazing and needs to be heard by all.<br />Give it a chance, if you're a ninja...
B0000024SI|4.0|This is the only Dylan album I have. I love this album for many reasons, firstly for Dylan himself, but also because you hear Mike Bloomfield on guitar and Al Kooper on organ. Bloomfield and Cooper occasionally get to show their stuff. Dylan is capable of playing the blues and 'Ballad of a Thin man' and 'Desolution row' show what he was capable of. After more than 30 years, this album still hits the spot.
B000002AGN|4.0|An excellent version of &quot;Blue Rhondo A La Turk,&quot; the classic &quot;Take Five,&quot; and a complete indifference to pseudo-intellectual modern critics who don't think TIME OUT is bluesy enough make this one of my favorite jazz records, ever.<br />I won't go into the details on time changes--there are plenty of other reviews here that do that, if you're interested--but I will say I find it endlessly fascinating that all those exotic times sound just plain swingin'.
067101756X|4.0|Reviewers have not mentioned Corso's claim that the stockpiling of huge quantities of nuclear weapons by the Americans and Russians during the Cold War was in fact intended to make it clear to the aliens that the Earth superpowers were willing to make the planet uninhabitable rather than yield to their incursions. Corso states that this scorched earth policy saved the earth from alien domination. True or false? Who knows? As other reviewers have said, the documentation that Corso provides does not directly relate to his various claims. However he does provide a possible explanation for the extraordinary quantity of weapons that were stockpiled. The book appears to be a (probably reluctantly) officially sanctioned 'limited hangout', fulfilling various possible functions. One function would be to reveal the truth to the general public in a deniable form, with nothing that was conclusive. The book also represents the American and Soviet governments in a favourable light, as secretly defending the population of Earth from being turned into, say, broilers for extraterrestrial consumption. Few of us would have seen our governments in such a favourable light, so in that sense Corso's book is a sort of governmental PR exercise, aimed at inducing the public to trust government at a time when it is being challenged for its encroachment on freedoms. As regards the claim that Corso's authorship of the book was the act of a renegade, it should be noted that he got it published by a mainstream publisher. That is not easy if there is not a measure of official acceptance.    ADDED 23 AUG 2010  I would like to add some further remarks about this book. I now tend to the view that there are no physical ETs and that the whole thing is a World Government hoax. Flying saucers do exist, I have no doubt, but these are secret because the energy technology used would make the hydrocarbon system of covert globalist taxation obsolete. I believe that there may be 'spiritual' influences, for example God and the Devil, but I'm not a theologian. My conclusion is similar to that of the late William Milton Cooper, the military intel officer who decided that he, like many other insiders, had been tricked by a psy-op intended to create a hard core of 'true believers' inside the US military. It is clear that the world has entered a very dangerous period of gross deception, 9/11 being the least of it. The most dangerous thing at present is covert environmental warfare, and it is being used against all the major powers, especially the United States. Another more obvious covert weapon is economic warfare. So Corso's book is a psy-op, though don't be at all surprised if you see Obama on CNN 'negotiating' with ETs in the White House. The globalists think we're complete idiots.
B00002E233|4.0|Deep Blue Sea gives kudos to Jaws with, in the beginning, one of the giant sharks in the film attacking a boat full of making-out partying mid-teens. <BR>       Before we get onto this review, the sound and the picture quality is fantastic. Presented in the widescreen 2.35.1 format, with Dolby Digital 5.1 sound, this DVD will blast your home theater. <BR>        The main storyline here is a group of researchers are working in a top-secret, technologically advanced underwater experiment on genetically enhanced mako sharks. To find a cure for Alzheimer's, they extract chemicals from the sharks'. Samuel Jackson and Thomas Jane star in this survival-horror-genre movie, in which the experiment goes awry and the sharks revolt against their keepers. <BR>          On to the DVD. The sound and picture quality are great, as I said. The extras are very good, but I do not like the snap cases of Warner Brothers. What do they think DVD ares, books? They can be very frustrating and keep cases keep the DVDs in better condition. The extras include several featurettes, both makings-ofs, and a commentary. Look on the Product Description for more information. The score for the movie itself is also very good, and it introduced me to the impressive work of score composer Trevor Rabin.<BR>          All in all, worth a buy.
0064471837|5.0|Can we say simply charming? This book, although is under the children's book category, is not in the right place! Although it might carry the beautifully vivid fantasies young readers enjoym there is also a great quality of depth and emotions in this book. Saying that this is a book of magic simply is not saying enough. It is a book of growing up, of fear, of wonder, of power, of weaknesses, and ultimately, of a young girl's life in a time where magic has been forgotten or corrupted and a dark shadow has re-gained its power over the land.........
B000002BFZ|5.0|Pearl Jam really got bashed on this one, even I avoided it at first. Welp, it didn't work for long. I eventually made my way to the album and was astonished! Well, what to say to get you to buy this album. <br />First off, I want you to buy this album. I wouldn't want anyone to waste their money, especially on something as incredible as music. And this is an experience any Pearl Jam fan must have! \\"Hail, Hail\\" and \\"In My Tree\\" totally grab your attention and show you a different side of Pearl Jam's side. \\"Hail, Hail\\" is your typical rock out PJ song, but it is so raw! \\"Off He Goes\\" is another moving song that most people can relate to. But my favorite is by far \\"Present Tense\\". It is such an inspiration to me that it is easily in my top 5 PJ list at a rough #3, only to be behind Porch and Sleight of Hand. <br />NO CODE is such a masterpiece that I drop mad elbows on myself for the days I missed not having this album just because it was bashed by MTV and Rolling Stone! ?<br />NO CODE is a PJ cd that I can just press play and take in the whole experience track by track. I highly recommend this cd for anyone that has ever doubted it's contents. It's amazing and needs to be heard by all.<br />Give it a chance, if you're a ninja. -Grandad Girolamo
B000002V0Q|2.0|Hey, I have a lot of Megadeth albums, and this one definitely interests me the least.  It just seems so uninspired and repetitive, and doesn't really grip you.  Of course it couldn't be a Rust in Peace, but I wasn't expecting that.  The solos in High Speed Dirt are good, but fail to amaze in most other songs.  Skin O My Teeth, This Was My Life, Captive Honor, and Ashes in Your Mouth, are fair tracks, but only fair.  Cryptic Writings and Youthanasia are really good. I haven't heard Risk really, but from what I've heard this one might be a better buy than Risk.  I'd skip this one until you have Youth and Cryptic already.
B00005B36H|2.0|I got this disc the day it came out.  I can honestly say I haven't been able to sit down and listen to it all at once.  The songs are dragged out and indistinguishable from one to the next.  While not expecting Tool to sound like they did in the past, I did think that there would be a little more.  I fully support their development and growth.  Musically, they tried to polish it too much.  It sounds very thought out - but lacks any sort of passion.
B00000J2PH|5.0|I grew up listening to Carole King and the music she wrote for other recording artists. Her simple but emotionally moving words and her voice really complement each other in the music and make listening to Tapestry more enjoyable each time you play it; like breaking in your favorite pair of blue jeans. My favorite is her moving version of &quot;Will you love me tomorrow&quot; which moves me like no other song ever has. If you don't have this CD in your collection what are you waiting for?? You are definitely missing out if you don't have Tapestry!!!
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This is a fantastic DVD. The menu is pretty cool, with the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man walking around through New York City. This DVD includes Dolby Digital Surround version 5.0, and great picture quality in widescreen video format. It has Mystery Science Theater 3000-style live audio commentary, enhanced bass &amp; treble for the audio tracks, and about 3-5 deleted scenes. However the deleted scenes are in just awful picture quality, but that's cool 'cause they were deleted.  This has always been one of my favorite comedies and truly one of the funniest parts is when the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man begins his walk through New York. Another one is the laughable first appearance of Slimer, the skit with the man &amp; Bill Murray (as Dr. Peter Venkman, who arguably had the best lines in the series of the 2 films) in the lobby of the hotel which Slimer was haunting, the skit with Dana (one of the main characters) and Dr. Venkman in a square of a town when Venkman sort of disses out Dana's musician friend, and many other funny scenes. This DVD also includes trailers for other films (Ghostbusters 2 among them, but I don't really reccommend that film or DVD because it wasn't that good; it was good, but the first one is always better except in the case of the Mummy Returns &amp; the Mummy of the recent years). Get this DVD if you're a child fan of the Ghostbusters, a now-adult who was fans of the Ghostbusters when you were little, or if you're looking for a good comedy and a good film.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I watched this movie last night and find myself still alive with the passion this morning.  Billy Elliot is this impoverished young boy with an aptitude for ballet in a town overrun with male stereotypes. His dancing starts out structured, then stems off to be an extension of the fire his environment has fueled.  Each dance begins with a twitch in his foot and then floods his entire body like &quot;electricity&quot;.  <br />The movie is an emotional triumph for Billy as well as everyone he touches, including the viewer!
B000021XS0|5.0|This is probably one of the best, ifnot, the best band that I've everlistened to. These guys are truemusicians. The music will blow yourmind. I would compare their uniquesound to early Rush, Kansas, and Queen of the early days. Dream Theateris an awesome Progressive Rock band.The guitar solos will blow you away.These guys don't fool around when itcomes to music. Very good CD. I thinkit's their best yet.
6305922756|5.0|Did you ever think that Spinal Tap was a real group? Then you were probably appalled at their appearances on the late shows! But if you were like me you became an instant fan once you knew the secret.<br />So, is the Criterion DVD good?  Yes!  But don't go searching for the Break Like The Wind stuff because it ain't there. Several of the best videos were included on the 1992 VHS release.  But they are missed in this DVD form.  What IS included is great!  A lot of outtakes-some funny, some not. Although several bits I feel could've stayed in, you'll agree that they used the best stuff for the final film. It's interesting to note that most drug references and all the nudity was clipped from the film. Also, the actress from the movie &quot;Just One Of The Guys&quot; was clipped.  The new lead guitar player was a very interesting idea.  Perhaps that should've stayed in.  Other material: commercials, promotional materials, complete videos, interviews (such as the Flower People press conference), and more. Plan to spend almost 3 and a half hours on this DVD. It's great fun! The DVD interface is one of my favorites; with new stuff recorded just for the DVD presentation.<br />So put this in your machine, crank it up (the sound quality is pretty good) and put Spinal Tap on BEFORE the puppet show!
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool's latest album, Lateralus, is a tight, complex weave of incredible sound.  It's almost like the album is all one song.   &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot; reminded me of an earlier &quot;Opiate&quot; Tool band. &quot;Parabol&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot; are both reflections of each other, creating one of their tightest tracks yet.  Tool is known for wrapping up their albums well--and they make no mistake with &quot;Triad&quot; and the eeire &quot;Faaip De Oiad&quot; to polish it off.  And, of course, you can't forget the other eight tracks either.  I'm only making highlights.  It's well worth the wait after 5 years.  Good job guys.
B00005A3KS|4.0|Lot of action and suspense. You never know when or how it's gonna end!
6303979882|5.0|So ok, maybe I was 12 when I first saw this movie but I am 17 now and it still takes pride of place in my collection. Maybe its because I love 'Stand By Me' (and you gotta admit they have their similarities) but all in all, this is a movie that I have grown up with and has been the movie that me and my mates watch (religiously) whenever we go round each others houses. It is a movie that not only has a great storyline, but also a great soundtrack that gets you in the mood for a laugh. The added bonus of Brendan Fraser (hubbada hubbada hubbada) makes this all the more worthwhile! Anyone who doesnt even give this movie a go (for unknown, twisted and strange reasons) should be damned to the darkest regions of hell and made to watch old re-runs of some really BAD 70's american 'comedy' television series.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|...a truly wonderful CD by two very talented artists.  I love the songs they personally wrote for this CD.  I applaud all artists like these two who make this type of commitment to originality and musical craftsmanship!  Great to get away from the canned formula music dominating the airwaves these days.  Hard to top Truly Madly Deeply from their previous CD (my personal favorite) but this CD was not disappointing.  Two Beds and a Coffee Machine and I Don't Know You Anymore are very beautifully written slower songs.  Includes popular songs:  Affirmation, Crash and Burn, with the rest of the songs keeping up with their high level of talent!
B00005B36H|5.0|This is definitely, without any doubt, tool's best album to date. definitely worth buying.<br />oh... btw! parabol/parabola is NOT a love song!! that is so frustrating. think of the song in terms of the qabbalistic tree of life...then you'll understand it.<br />~ me
B00005ATQD|5.0|I believe that Kubrick should be satisfied that the last movie he ever made is this good (although it is unfortunately not his best). It is a shame that it has been largely marketed as an exploitation movie, although it was an interesting experience watching this movie along with an audience filled with people hoping for the next Showgirls. Sure, it is filled with some of the sexiest women I have ever seen, and it has the famous scene of Nicole and Tom making love as well as the infamous orgy scene. But it is also an interesting examination of such issues as trust, fidelity, possessiveness and marriage filled with humour, intelligence and suspence. Underlying all of this is an entertaining plot about a secret society. <br />I won't add to the many recountings of the plot below, but many people who have seen this film were disappointed that the resolution of the mystery about the secret society remains ambiguous, but I found that to be one of its most brilliant touches.  Furthermore, this is a far more realistic handling of such a theme in a movie as it is very doubtful that a lone doctor would uncover all the secrets of a secret society comprised of some of the richest and most powerful people in the country in 24 hours.  Nor does Kubrick try to staple on a &quot;they lived happily after ever ending&quot; to the movie that would be equally unrealistic, instead leaving the Nicole and Tom characters on a very witty note, merely suggesting things will work out, with one of the best last lines I have ever heard.<br />Also included is all the beautiful scenery and cinematography one expects from a Kubrick film, and he also manages to pull out the best possible performance he could from his stars. Even Cruise's performance is good (likely because of Kubrick's notorious practice of using hundreds of takes until everything is perfect and thus taking a couple of years to complete anything).
B000005RR0|3.0|Yes there are some great songs on here. And yes, I was dissapointed to see several songs I love not on here. Such as &quot;Monkey Man&quot;, &quot;Rocks Off&quot;, &quot;Rip this Joint&quot;, and last and certainly not least &quot;Little T&amp;A&quot;. But I am satisfied with songs like &quot;Start Me Up&quot;, &quot;Rock and a hard place&quot;, &quot;Brown Sugar&quot;, and &quot;Wild Horses&quot;. I recomend also adding to your Stones collection at least HOT ROCKS 1964-71. Well worth your money.
B000059Z8J|5.0|Jor-El would be so proud of our digital technology and what we did for his only son. This amazing DVD edition has been so eagerly anticipated, and at least for me, it was well worth the wait. Extra features, remastering of picture and sound (even those ugly &quot;green&quot; costume scenes--remember?). Superman has been an international icon for many years, and for this new generation of technology and home theater, there couldn't be a better way to introduce him to a younger generation of SuperFans. The addition of deleted footage fleshes out great scenes on Krypton, and on Earth as well. Run--or if you can, FLY to the store and grab the whole box set--even if the others aren't as high-tech as the original. If you don't have a DVD player, buy one if just for this one being your first disc. God Bless Richard Donner and Warner Brothers (even if you didn't re-release this in the theaters--for shame!). Let's not forget the man himself, Christopher Reeve, who will always be Superman to me. We beleived a man can fly when we saw you on the silver screen, just as much as we believe you'll walk again SOON... The Superman Special Edition is destined to be a classic DVD for a long time...trust me--after seeing it hundreds of times, I still get that same revved up feeling when those opening titles start, and they don't stop until the end credits finish.  FOLKS, THIS IS A MUST-HAVE DVD!!!  It's got EVERYTHING!!!
B00005B36H|5.0|great album, somewhat softer than AENIMA, more harmonious than UNDERTOW. Since I am a huge fan of A Perfect Circle, this is the album for me. later.
B000001Y5J|5.0|This is a great album...however it is definitely NIN's most inaccessable, heaviest album. therefore, you'd be better off starting with &quot;the downward spiral, followed by &quot;the fragile&quot;.<br />great album.
6305718954|4.0|If I were rating this movie solely on the basis of its visuals, it would get a very strong 5 stars.  The cinematography, the special effects, the settings, the vivid colours, everything about this movie visually is stunning.  The soundtrack is also guite good.  It also has an absolutely wonderful performance by Gabriel Byrne who unfortunately doesn't always star in movies deserving of his talents.  However, after the exciting opening and build-up, the main &quot;horror&quot; (more accurately &quot;supernatural&quot;) plot fizzles out.  <br />There is also a romantic subplot about the forbidden love between a celibate priest and a beautiful woman that actually remains quite strong for the duration of the film and avoids descending into melodrama like most such plots, however the ultimately weak horror plot winds up detracting from this aspect of the movie.  There is also a political plot about intrigue within the Vatican regarding the suppression of the Gospel of Thomas, etc., that is unfortunately underdeveloped and which also gets lost in the shuffle.  Ultimately, the movie tries to be too many things at once.  But it is still a very intelligent piece of entertainment I highly recommend.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Acting and fighting is really great.  And on the DVD, the documentary about Gladiator's is great.  Great movie, great DVD.
B00003CXP1|5.0|There are only few film directors that I have faith in all the time... Amongst them are David Fincher, Steven Soderbergh, Oliver Stone, Michael Bay, P.T. Anderson, and now Darren Aronofsky.  The film is superbly directed in every aspect, and, the actors don't miss a step either.<br />I've read dozens of reviews on the film, and it exceeded my expectations.  I thought \\"Traffic\\" was bad, well, this makes \\"Traffic\\" seem like an episode of Full House.  When I say \\"Traffic\\" is bad, I don't mean a bad movie, I mean bad like showing what it's really like.  I loved \\"Traffic\\", and it opened up my eyes to a lot, but \\"Requiem For a Dream\\" scared me beyond being scared.  Although the film isn't primarily a drug film, it's still got quite a bit to do with drugs.  Not a drug film means it doesn't neccessarily mean it's specifically about DRUGS(like heroin, or speed).  Darren Aronofsky stated that it shows how anything can be a drug, T.V. dope, hope, or even love.  Stealing a page from EW, I must say that this film DOES INDEED need to be shown in every high school to EVERY student(I'm a froshman, soon to be Sophmore), and EVERY film school class in the world.   Half the time I didn't know whether to be scared from what just happened, or in awe of the cinematography.  Pretty much both.  The film deserves multiple viewings, just to take in the different aspects.<br />Jared Leto superbly portrays Harry.  I liked seeing him in a bigger role, since my only REAL exposure to him is \\"American Psycho\\"(Hilarious), and \\"Fight Club\\".  Ellen Burstyn's performance can't be explained with words, that's how frightening she becomes.  Marlon Wayans proves he CAN act outside of a comedic-environment, and I respect him much more because of it.  Jennifer Connely doesn't slack any either.  <br />This DVD is a must for everyone.  The menus even got me excited, and there's tons of supplementals.  Among them: Making of(35 min. long), Anatomy of a Scene(6 min.), Deleted Scenes,and commentary tracks.  <br />I can't say enough that this movie was worse than I expected.  It was great, but really scared me.  When I read about the scene where Ellen Burstyn has hallucinations of her refrigerator attacking her, I laughed... It's no laughing matter.  If your a high school teacher, and your reading this : SHOW THIS TO YOUR STUDENTS!!  I DONT CARE WHAT YOU TEACH!  Everyone else, just watch it at least twice; once for the story, the second for the magnificent directing.  Kudos to Aronofsky.
B000002UAX|5.0|At or near the very top of all Beatles' product, the White Album is without question the most diverse album the group ever assembled.  Without &quot;Sgt Pepper's&quot; gloss -- or its pretentions to being a &quot;concept album&quot; -- the White Album is as good an illustration as one could wish for that the Beatles could produce just about any kind of music.  John Lennon, especially, is very strong on this album... the tortured insomnia and incredible vocal dynamics of &quot;I'm So Tired&quot;; the haunting, wistful &quot;Julia&quot;; the playful &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; and the downright weird &quot;Happiness Is a Warm Gun&quot;.  His vocal prowess is further showcased on &quot;Yer Blues&quot;, supposedly a send-up of the blues boom currently sweeping England, but nonetheless a powerful piece of music.  Paul McCartney occasionally lapses into inconsequential silliness (&quot;Martha My Dear&quot;, &quot;Honey Pie&quot;), but when he rocks (&quot;Back In the USSR&quot; and &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;), WATCH OUT!  And &quot;Blackbird&quot; is one of Paul's most underrated songs.   Perhaps the strongest track is George Harrison's &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, showing the guitarist had emerged as a third major composer within the group.  &quot;Piggies&quot; reinforces that statement.  The perfect ending to this odd, magnificent collection is Ringo's dreamy rendition of John's &quot;Good Night&quot;, following as it does, the nightmare-on-wax that is &quot;Revolution 9&quot;.  Along with &quot;Abbey Road&quot; and &quot;Revolver&quot;, the &quot;White Album&quot; must rank among the very best rock albums of all time.
6304366078|5.0|I really liked &quot;Grand Prix&quot;. It's a great movie going back 35 years ago. The racing segments are the best part of the movie as well as the split-screen and multiple screen segments. This is one of John Frankenheimer's best movies next to &quot;Birdman of Alcatraz&quot;, &quot;The Holcroft Covenant&quot;, &quot;Ronin&quot; and several others. I recommend the Widescreen version of &quot;Grand Prix&quot; especially with the split-screen bits. It wouldn't be the same if I was watching the pan and scan version. This is better than &quot;Days of Thunder&quot; even though &quot;Grand Prix&quot; was made before &quot;Days of Thunder&quot;. See this movie today if you can.
0375420525|5.0|i don't know how to describe my appreciation of this book. i have never read anything like it. i doubt that i ever will. i cried a hundred times while i read it, i could only read a little piece at a time, it's hypnotizing, it put a spell on me. mark z. is nothing less than a genius.
B000000OAN|5.0|I've owned this cd for nearly 8 years now, And I still find myself listening to it still. This is Queen's best known art rock tour de force featuring: Metal, art rock, pomp rock?, british vaudevillain, opera and other genres. The title says it all, as it is very theatrical. <br />It starts off with the classical/operatic(beginning) metal song &quot;Death On Two Legs&quot;, then proceeds into what many people call 'silly', &quot;Lazing On A Sunday Afternoon&quot;. It's british quirkiness at it's best. &quot;I'm In Love With My Car&quot;, is a Roger Taylor sung rocker. &quot;You're My Best Friend&quot;, is the only pop song on the disc and was a hit for the band. &quot;39&quot;, is acoustic and sung by Brian May, and features romantic and reflective lyrics. Good song. &quot;Sweet Lady&quot;, is a great heavy rocker, with an incredible ending. Listen to the great musicianship. &quot;Seaside Rendevouz&quot;, is a playful romantic song in typical Freddie Mercury style. <br />&quot;The Prophet's Song&quot;, is arguably the mother epic of the album, or if not just as strong as that other... anyway, this epic is ultra-theatrical, I feel like I'm actually watching a medieval-type movie when I'm listening. Freddie's vocals are top notch and ominous, and Brian May's guitar playing is great as well. &quot;Love of My Life&quot;, is unbelievable, I actually played some of it on my guitar. Freddie's heartfelt singing against the backdrop of his elegant classical-like piano playing, and the harp from Brian is fantastic. &quot;Good Company&quot;, is another great track. Sounds very classical and european in it's musical approach. &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;, obviously everyone knows that it's an epic featuring pseudo-opera, and metal. But what many people might not know is that when everyone says that Queen are the masters of studio excess, they're right because in an interview, Brian May, or one of the members said that the multi-layered vocals to this track were overdubbed some100-180 times over, and the tape almost got lost and destroyed because of all the excess recording. WOW! but obviously I, and many other fans took to this excess other wise they wouldn't have been inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame in the class of 2001. &quot;God Save the Queen&quot;, I believe is the british national anthem played on by Brian May's guitar. It's weird how you can make drum sounds out of a guitar.<br />Anyway, this is a great album and probably represents what Queen were about: Theatrics, Pomp?, Quirkiness?, and greatness. Queen are actually the only band I think can be called pompous, yet I think the pomposity is what made them Queen, Great!.<br />Queen is my favorite band for a reason, and I think this cd, Sheer Heart Attack, and the much more artsier and complex Queen II are Queen's finest moments.<br />Thanks.
B000002UD1|4.0|I've always felt \\"Mind Games\\" was Lennon's most underrated album.  While the title song itself is a bit cloying, many of the songs on the album are full of interesting guitar chords and a variety of song styles.  Uptempo rockers like \\"Meat City\\" and \\"Freeda Peeple\\" sit comfortably next to gentle love songs like \\"One Day at a Time\\" and \\"You Are Here\\".  In the middle are songs like \\"Intuition\\" and \\"Only People\\".  Lyrically, this is not Lennon's best album, but it's highly \\"listenable\\", especially following the bombast of \\"Sometime in New York City\\".
6304118392|2.0|Oliver Stone manfully endeavors to violently critique [ab]use of artificial blood, a trend to which his own arts &/or entertainment produce has contributed substantially over the years. Was Stone always so OBVIOUS? Maybe? The movie is hamfistedly hip/pretentious/cute/surreal, attempted satire, but wishes aren&#8217;t horses? Stone projects his usual manic energy, has been operating commercially for decades by romanticizing alienation. The Director&#8217;s Cut features a brazen & self-serving explication. Introducing a film that can only be defended as a swipe at professional use/creation of violence as popular amusement stuff (sufficiently effective to twist/.../influence human animals), Stone blithely insists that his own popular amusement stuff is QUITE different, merely reflects us as we are... is NOT aimed squarely at a prevailing taste, perhaps media-assisted, that he claims to abhor. Trust Ollie? It&#8217;s ART?...
B000002VSN|5.0|when i saw whitney houston do such a powerful job in her role as the preachers wife i knew i had to get this album. and it was worth every penny of it. with bringing you back home, old time gospel with an r&amp;b sounds.
B000000OAC|5.0|If anyone is interested, scroll back to the reviewer from July 28, 2000, I think he said it best, and funny too. <br />Queen put aside most of the art rock/prog rock (cerebral/complex/classical/opera/fantasy/sci-fi) stuff that they were known for, which I happen to love, and released a more straightforward hard rock/metal album with attitude, with no &quot;boring old fart&quot; material, yet it still has some of Queen's flair and dramatics, as heard on &quot;We Will Rock You&quot;/&quot;We Are the Champions&quot;. <br />But if you've never heard &quot;Sheer Heart Attack&quot;, the song, you are in for one of the most frenzied, fast paced, ultra-heavy songs ever. It will get you're adrenaline flowing. &quot;All Dead, All Dead&quot;, is a soft beautiful ballad sung by Brian May, with Freddie Mercury on backing vocals. &quot;Spread Your Wings&quot;, is a mellow hard rocker?. <br />&quot;Fight From The Inside&quot;, is another up-tempo heavy rocker sung and written by Roger Taylor. &quot;Get Down, Make Love&quot;, is one of a few blatant sexual Freddie Mercury anthems with raunchy guitar playing by Brian May. &quot;Sleeping On The Sidewalk&quot;, is very bluesy musically. &quot;Who Needs You&quot;, is another great track, with Freddie's elegant vocals and featuring Brian May on ukelele, if I remember correctly. &quot;It's Late&quot;, is almost in the same vein as the art rock epic's they wrote in the past, but still more heavier and not as complex. The ending is great as Roger Taylor goes into this insane Bonham like drumming, if not better. It is great. &quot;My Melancholy Blues&quot;, is an all jazz song featuring Freddie's sorrowful vocals.<br />Overall, this is an excellent CD. Definately, for the much more hard rock Queen fan, but overall I love just about everything Queen released.<br />Thanks.
B00005BCNC|2.0|The crash scene was unbelievable , I found myself bored after the first hour. Perhaps I am not a cerebral person. I don't wish to see this movie again unless it's winter and on HBO
1567184855|1.0|The proper scientific proposal discusses other sources, makes correlations from other sources, views great amounts of data (as opposed to a small handful of case stories from an unknown quarry),suggests errors in the theory , forms various hypothesis, and proposes definitive ways to prove or to reject those hypothesis. Over all, it must not assume the answer from scant data.<br />This book followed none of those rules, and as such is a poor testament, though sadly the best reincarnation has, as to the scientific worth of such a suggestion (might I even say myth).<br />I was, to say the least, highly disappointed.
B00003CXA2|5.0|I can't say enough about how much I enjoyed this film. I't has become one of my favorite films and an inspiration to us all!
0880389052|4.0|Homeland is the beginning of a great series about a Dark Elf named Drizzt.  The stage is set underground in a cavernous world of darkness.  This book is all about the birth of drizzt till he becomes a man.  Being born in a time when Drizzt's family was busy battle a rival family.  The women in dark elf society are dominent over the men.  men have no importance in Drow society.  It is drow (race of dark elfs), practice to sacrafice the third born male to their evil Spider Queen.  But Drizzt there was something special about Drizzt when he was born, he had purple eyes.  Because of this he was saved.  Drow males either study, fighting or magic.  Drizzt fate was decided before he could even walk thanks to his father, drizzt was allowed to train as a fighter.  Drizzt grew up to be the best at the scimitars in all the underdark.  He was the deadliest drow around. Only one problem, Drizzt hates to kill.  There is no word for compassion in the underdark.  Drizzt must either kill or be killed all for the sake of the drow deity, the Spider Queen.  This book takes you through Drizzts first adventures.  There is a lot of fighting.  There is great action in this book!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|For the few disbelievers out there (aka movie critics), this film is going to be HUGE!  Saw it last week at a preview in SF and the hype is all true... people clapping during sequences, standing ovations, etc.  And with close to the highest per-theater box office ever in its opening bow in NYC and LA, should be massive.  The tango-fied Roxanne sequence is visually and musically incredible and Ewan's first singing lines in Your Song are absolutely chilling!  Get the CD, see the movie, and hope that Baz gets out there to make another film asap.
B000053V7Q|5.0|Having seen the original version of \\"That's The Way It Is\\", the \\"special edition\\" is practically a new film!  The annoying fan interviews are gone and what is left is a fantastic concert film showing a very high-energy Elvis.  The sound quality is great....  The visual quality is terrific, except for a few slightly discolored scenes (hey, the film was locked in a vault for 30 year, what do you expect?). What you see is a very energetic Elvis....  In fact, if you compare this performance to \\"Aloha From Hawaii\\", filmed only two and a half years later, the latter performance seems very sluggish.  I HIGHLY recommend the new \\"That's The Way It Is\\".  It's a lot of fun!
B000002GQK|5.0|The Mobile Fidelity gold-plated CD of \\"Every Good Boy Deserves Favour\\" faithfully reproduces the original analog recordings, Phil Travers' cover and gatefold artwork as well as the lyrics to this album. The only thing missing is the original record sleeve photo of the Moody Blues in concert.<br /><br />As musicians, lyricists and singers, the Moody Blues were at their zenith in \\"Every Good Boy Deserves Favour\\". The idealistic message of peace and love is evident here amidst lyrics dealing with alienation, rejection, futility, compassion, creation and mysticism. Their trademark fusion of rock and classical music is prominent in their Moog synthesized orchestrations and strong vocal harmonies.<br /><br />While the title \\"Every Good Boy Deserves Favour\\" is a direct reference to how one learns to remember the sonic scales (E, G, B , D, F) - a scale repeated throughout the album, using the Moog synthesizer - it is also an apt thesis that defines the lyrical content of the album. That is to say, humanity deserves better despite the trails and tribulations encountered in life.<br /><br />The songs:<br /><br />\\"Procession\\" is an instrumental piece that opens with a cosmic (Moog) whir, then dissolves to a wind blowing over a still, desolate atmosphere. Thunderclaps and rainfall break the silence, then yield to the sound of droning insects and chirping birdsong. The sonic scale played on piano, note for note, is layered on top of these sounds, effectively becoming the musical a priori imprinted in man's psyche; one that impels him to tap a succession of drumbeats and utter communicative grunts. On discovery of rhythm and vocal harmony, man's `procession' sees him structuring a melody with sitar, flute, harpsichord and organ - instruments which identify not periods in time but the musical ethnicity of India, China and Europe, and hence the universality of music. Essentially, it's \\"In Search Of The Lost Chord\\" rediscovered and found.<br /><br />Building on the crescendo of \\"Procession\\", an electric guitar rips into \\"The Story In Your Eyes\\". A rousing and infectious Hayward rocker, the lyrics describe a bleak and uncertain future that was plausible in 1971, given the Vietnam War, street protests, over population, pollution and nuclear proliferation. Yet, amidst this angst-filled backdrop comes a hopeful note from the singer, \\"I can hide inside your sweet, sweet love for evermore\\".<br /><br />\\"Our Guessing Game\\" is a reflective Thomas composition about dreams deferred, opportunities missed and the uncertainty of the consequence, all of which creates a sense of unhappiness and futility in life...\\"Our Guessing Game\\". Despite the quandary in life Thomas sings about, there lies a glimmer of optimism when juxtaposed against the Moody Blues' singing, \\"Bless the days when I'm feeling strong\\".<br /><br />\\"Emily's Song\\" is a lullaby Lodge wrote for his newborn daughter (Emily). Strangely, if one were not aware of this fact, the song with its gentle melody could quite easily pass as an ordinary love song.<br /><br />\\"After You Came\\" is a powerful percussion piece from drummer, Graeme Edge, expressing the ups and downs in life and learning to \\"laugh when it hurts so hard\\".<br /><br />\\"One More Time To Live\\" evokes a dark and foreboding indictment of man and his \\"world passing by\\". Consider the cause-and-effect relationship of the lines, \\"Turn the earth to sand and still commit no crime / How one thought will live provide the others die.\\" To drive the point home Lodge sings, \\"I have riches more than these\\", such as \\"degradation, pollution, population, illusion, annihilation, revolution, starvation\\". In spite of these environmental and socio-political ills, man can improve his condition with \\"contemplation, communication, compassion, salvation, elation, solution\\".<br /><br />\\"Nice To Be Here\\" is a rather whimsical song, as if a nursery rhyme for a child, what with Thomas describing various animals harmonizing their voices and antics to create a symphonyamidst a forest. It's a truly delightful song with an up temp and playful bass line.<br /><br />\\"You Can Never Go Home\\" is very simply Hayward saying, to quote another song of his, \\"I believe what is lost is lost forever\\".<br /><br />\\"My Song\\" is Pinder's plea for \\"a planet with one mind\\"...\\"before it's too late\\". The middle instrumental passage is `Cosmic Rock' at its best and very reminiscent of an earlier Pinder song, \\"The Voyage\\".<br /><br />On the whole, [[ASIN:B000000IUD Every Good Boy Deserves Favour]] remains, after 30 years, the magnus opus of the Moody Blues.bass line.    \\"You Can Never Go Home\\" is very simply Hayward saying, to quote another song of his, \\"I believe what is lost is lost forever\\".     \\"My Song\\" is Pinder's plea for \\"a planet with one mind\\"...\\"before it's too late\\". The middle instrumental passage is `Cosmic Rock' at its best and very reminiscent of an earlier Pinder song, \\"The Voyage\\".     On the whole, [[ASIN:B000000IUD Every Good Boy Deserves Favour]] remains, after 30 years, the magnus opus of the Moody Blues.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|AKIRA is the benchmark Japanese animated film, instilling an intelligence and uncharacteristic adult element into the false world of cell animation. The results are breathtaking. Each bit of trash, each shard of glass, each drop of sweat is amazingly animated, giving AKIRA a highly realistic, yet fantastical, look and feel. Set in post-World War 3 Tokyo, AKIRA tells the story of two boyhood friends who become entangled in a government experiment to harness the power of the human lifeforce, an attempt to speed up the human evolution. One of these friends, a young and mistreated boy named Tetsuo, finds himself the unwilling guinea pig in these experiments. He developes strong telekinetic powers and sets out to seek revenge upon those who have put him down and made him feel inferior. All this strong emotional material is set against a chaotic backdrop of a city in the midst of revolution. Protests and terriorist bombings sparks the streets, sidewalk preachers scream out their gospel, all while the government and the army fight to keep control. It's strong stuff, aimed at adults, with oodles of violence and true, thought-provoking questions. The ending is a bit convoluted for most, highly reminescent of Stanley Kubrick's 2001, but nothing can quite ruin the 100 minutes that preceed it. What transpires is a work of art that is extremely fascinating and genuinely exciting. This is a startling example of the power of animation and deserves to be viewed as a true film and not just a cartoon. But this is for thinking audiences only. DOn't expect any talking bunnies. Do expect a massive adrenaline rush.
B000002OG8|3.0|Wishbone Ash were superlative exponents of British skiffle-boogie. Redolent with medieval imagery and Arthurian swords-and-sorcery song-titles -- 'The King Will Come', 'Warrior' and 'Throw Down the Sword' etc -- this was not an album on which the group would betray their folk and hard rock influences. Tracks like 'Leaf and Stream' went on to influence countless bands such as the Doobie Brothers (for example, 'I Cheat the Hangman' on STAMPEDE).<br />There are some superbly arranged set pieces here, particularly 'The King Will Come'. 'Argus' stands on its own as a strange blend of duelling guitars, occasional Fairport-like harmonies and Tennyson sentiments.<br />It's not my favourite Wishbone album -- I feel 'There's the Rub' is desperately underrated -- but it's good for the occasional listen.
B00005J9U1|5.0|The basics : &quot;One Love&quot; drops one track from &quot;Legend&quot; (&quot;Satisfy My Soul&quot;) and adds seven others. Both CDs use the live version of &quot;No Woman, No Cry&quot;, while &quot;One Love&quot; substitutes the full band version of &quot;Redemption Song&quot; for &quot;Legend&quot;'s acoustic version. &quot;One Love&quot; presents its tracks in chronological order, while &quot;Legend&quot; is programmed more for listening pleasure or party play. You really can't go wrong with either choice (assuming you don't wish to dig a little deeper with the box set), but even though &quot;One Love&quot; gives better representation to all of Marley's Tuff Gong albums, &quot;Legend&quot; remains a sentimental favorite. Five stars to &quot;One Love&quot; though. By the way, Tuff Gong is reissuing all its Marley CDs in newly-remastered versions over the summer and fall of 2001 (even though they already sound great).
B000002AT6|5.0|Absolutely georgeous soundtrack. This is without a doubt one of James Horner's greatest pieces that nicely compliments the actual movie. Every track keeps the listener spellbound, allows them to relax, and fully concentrate on the music. I highly recommend this to everyone.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have heard &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; a million times, and still believe it is the best one yet! I am an owner of almost every one of her albums, and up to date, this has been my favorite. I am both a singer and song writer, and this album has inspired me to write so many of my most beautiful and powerful songs. Enya is actually what inspires me to pursue a career in music. Some of my  favorites songs are: &quot;One By One,&quot; &quot;Fallen Embers,&quot; &quot;Wild Child,&quot; and &quot;Pilgrim.&quot; So, I would highly recommend this album, (as well as any of her others) to anyone who has ever been touched in their hearts by music!
0767805712|5.0|I don't know why I waited so long to see Gattaca, the blurb on the box just didn't reach out and grab me, but after seeing Dark City, I decided to take a chance on this movie too, and I'm glad I did.  Gattaca is like the thinking man's sci-fi, some of the possible mixed with some of the improbable, but wrapped up in such a way that you find yourself just accepting it, because you're drawn along on the story, and you don't really want to quibble over all the details.<br /> Ethan Hawke plays an in-valid(a natural born), who desires to go to space, but never will because he wasn't born a valid, one whose genes have been altered so that he will be perfect.  This setback doesn't stop him though, and through the help of a valid, portrayed by Jude Law, who was paralzyed by a car accident, he sets out to fool the top of the elite at the space company Gattaca, into thinking he is one of them.  The premise is an unusual one, but it works, because we are able to believe in the ability of Hawke to carry this masquerade off.<br /> Most of all the actors do a fine job here, I was impressed by Ethan Hawke's portrayal of the main character.  Jude Law, an actor I usually don't care for, also does an impressive job as the valid who doesn't really believe Hawke can carry this off, since he himself, a genetically altered man slated to win the gold medal in swimming at the olympics, could only win the silver.  It wouldn't be fair to mention the two men without also mentioning Uma Thurman, an actress I generally don't care for either, but who does a very good job in this movie.<br /> While I followed the flow of most of the movie, and could see the possibility of gene altering becoming feasible in the near future, the biggest problem I had with the movie was the investigation that took place after the murder take place in Gattaca.  The police seemed to be able to do whatever they wanted, stop anyone anywhere, and test their DNA.  It was never stated that in addition to science progressing so far that citizens had also lost some of their basic rights, and that the authorities were allowed to go anywhere they wanted and test anyone they felt like.  This seemed like the only real weak link in the story to me, but I let it slide since I was enjoying the overall aspect of the movie.<br /> So, at the very least I recommend that you rent this movie, and see for yourself how good it is.  I ended up buying it after I saw it, and if you're anything like me, I think you'll do the same.
B00000272N|4.0|I was a bit hasty in giving this album five stars.  I thought I would like it more with time, and well, I guess I do a bit, but it still is not that great of an album.  There are some good songs (\\"We Die Young\\", \\"Man in the Box\\", \\"It Ain't Like That\\"), some good riffs now and then, killer bass lines, and some really good solos, but there just isn't anything special about it.  It's very bleak and dirgey, and if you like that kind of stuff, you'll love this, but I find that it doesn't quite hold my attention throughout the album.  I could have swore that I saw a review that said that \\"Love Hate Love\\" was the best song ever written.  Unless you'd heard nothing else but Korn and Limp Bizkit, I don't see how that is so.  Compare it to \\"Down in a Hole\\", there is no comparison.  But, to each his own, I guess.  If you want some really good stuff from AIC, buy \\"Jar of Flies\\" or \\"Dirt\\".  This is only for the completist.  There is nothing on here that can compete with \\"Angry Chair\\", \\"No Excuses\\", or \\"Down in a Hole\\".  This album is mainly just something to put on for atmosphere.  If you like Alice in Chains, you must check out Dust for Life.  In one album, they have proven themselves to be on the level with Layne and Co.  ...This album was definitely a rough stage for AIC.  Not bad, but they have done better.
B000002G26|5.0|Brian's first Greatest Hits album is terrific. Packed with unforgettable songs and catchy hooks. The only thing that is annoying is the booklet (or lack of). If you want the proper booklet (32 pages) with the lyrics etc, then you have to send ... to an address in Canada to recieve it, which I think is a rip-off. Lots of single cds I have bought come with thick booklets...all that is needed is a cardboard outer case to hold cd and book, but not with this cd. It really sucks. So, needless to say, a lot of fans, myself included, miss out. But, that aside, the music on this cd is certainly worth the price, every song is great.
0345409671|1.0|This is probably one of the worst novels I have ever read.  It leaves a very bad stain on the first four wonderful novels in this series.  Anne Rice's editors need to wake up and tell it like it is.  I can't believe this was even published!
B00000J7S8|3.0|Although I do enjoy this album once in a while, it is pale in comparison to her previous albums. Her piano playing is not very evident, and the whole album is awash in strings. Not that I have anything against strings, but the whole album could do with some jazzy spice. I think she does much better in a purely jazz trio setting. The best track on here is &quot;I Can't give you anything but love&quot; which is just her voice, piano and Russell Malone on guitar. Too bad the rest of the album doesn't live up to that one track. If it did, then this album would get 5 stars.
1571200851|5.0|This book was a pleasure to review.  It gave me a different view of flowers.  The feeling of accomplishment was of more worth than the price of the book.  A 5 star joy.
B000002UAX|4.0|I love The Beatles, and own almost all of their albums. This one though is not their best, but it is nevertheless, good. 2 cd's, 30 songs in all. While most of the songs are great, there are songs that are not so, and could have been left off (&quot;Wild Honey Pie: Bungalow Bill&quot; for one example). But then of course, for those completists, this album wouldn't have been complete without them. The 24 page booklet contains all lyrics and loads of photos. While this may not be their best it certainly deserves a home in any fans collection.
B00003CXE7|5.0|As I've watched and rewatched this movie, I find myself more convinced that this movie was chosen correctly.  The acting was superb, by the leading actor and actress and also the supporting actors.  This type of movie has not been done in a great while, so it was great to see it's kind, once again, brought to life on the movie screen.  &quot;A general who became a slave; a slave who became a gladiator; a gladiator who defied an emperor&quot;  As the plot can be summed up into a simple phrase such as that, the story told at hand was far from simple.  This was a movie which I consider epic.  The battle scenes were gruesome, yet not just thrown in there for the sheer meaning of violence.  The conversing between characters truly draws you into the movie's tale.  And the ending, while it was not extravagant, was well done and complimented this movie perfectly.  To reitterate, Truly an Oscar winner.<br />As for this DVD itself- well done.  The video transfer was beautiful as I saw no types of transfer flaws, specs, or grains.  The musical score along with the rest of the audio department of this dvd was very, very satisfying.  DTS ES track really added to this DVD.  While hearing both of the tracks (DD and DTS), they were both stunning to say the least.  The DTS, however, had more of a spatial sound to it, more crisp, and more well-defined and deeper low frequencies.<br />The Supplemental DVD is wonderful.  A lot of deleted scenes and a compilation of other deleted scenes compiled into a short music video.<br />Buy this DVD, or even just rent it. Eitherway you can't go wrong and will NOT be disappointed when you do.
0920236251|5.0|This was my absolute favorite book as a little girl. Now it's my 6 year old's favorite, too. Teaches girls that they don't always have to stand around and wait to be saved, and that they don't have to marry the prince to be happy.
B00005BL2A|1.0|I love Depeche and this is CRAP!!!!!!! I listened to it on a trip and after the secend run through it went OUT THE FREAKIN WINDOW!!!! Not an original thought hear, only two good songs, why call it EXCITER?????? It's slow and mellow for the most part, someone needed a new swimming pool and left their ability &amp; integrity at home! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!!!!!! BT
0920236251|5.0|This was my absolute favorite book as a little girl. Now it's my 6 year old's favorite, too. Teaches girls that they don't always have to stand around and wait to be saved, and that they don't have to marry the prince to be happy.
0061020680|4.0|If your an old Prachett fan and you like DEATH, then read this book. If your a new prachett fan, or you've never read him, my god try it. I laughed out loud so many times reading this book, my whole Litature class thinks I'm crazy. It's a mad crazy rush, and a lot of fun.
B000056HOK|5.0|This is a brilliant album. There is never a dull moment while listening to it. It is strong from start (with sehnsucht) to finish (stripped). Then there is the bonus CD. It has the popular song Asche Zu Asche in its album and live form, plus some other great songs in live and album versions. Ramstein is a perfecly balanced mix of keyboard techno stuff and heavy metal. Every song has one of those spots that you wait for and listen to all over again if you miss it, like where Jonathan Davis says GO in Freak On A Leash by Korn. BUY THIS CD
014028009X|5.0|I laughed and laughed out loud as I read this book.   The humo(u)r is typically British, as are some of the references therein.  I had to explain a few things to my American friends, but they thoroughly enjoyed it too!  I passed it on to my best friend and she and I are still sharing anecdotes and laughing again. The &quot;Madonna&quot; dressing up episode will have you howling. Excellent stuff...more please!
1557507473|5.0|I'm writing this as a memorial announcement to those who haven't heard. Eugene Sledge died on 3 March 2001 after a prolonged battle with stomach cancer.<br />He was buried with full military honors with a full Marine Corps escort in Mobile, Alabama. Colonel Joseph H. Alexander, USMC (Ret) attended the ceremony and there will be a tribute to &quot;Sledgehammer&quot; on the History Channel some time in November as part of the &quot;Unsung Heroes&quot; series.<br />He was a wonderful man and a good Marine; an example to us all. God love him and keep him always. Semper Fi Sledgehammer!
B000002AHC|5.0|Here is a recording that should be on every one's desert island list. Recorded at a time when the Byrds and the Beatles were swapping recordings of each others upcomming releases. The Byrds hit first with this, the Beatles followed with Sgt Pepper. This epitomizes early fm radio at its finest. Check out McGuinn's guitar solo on &quot;Change Is Now&quot; or David Crosby's &quot;Dolphins Smile&quot;. If you don't own this Shame On You!!!
B0000039PW|5.0|Biggie Smalls is the illest. I wanna say R.I.P. to Biggie my #1 favorite rapper and probably the greates rapper to ever live. Now this album is nice, and I give it 5 stars because it deserves it. I love intro to the album because it's so ... creative, it's much better than somebody screamin  to someone from a project window goin &quot;Ay Whodi, Ay Whodi&quot;, but thats not the subject, this album is another classic. Up to this date I still play this album close to everyday. My personal favorites are &quot;Things Done Changed&quot; &amp; &quot;Everyday Struggle&quot;. The lyrics from Biggie on this album are almost untouchable. I'm sorry to see that he had to go so soon, I definetly miss Big Poppa. The rap game is never goin to be the same without him. With help from Method Man, Diana King, Total &amp; Lil' Kim, Biggie composes one of the greatest albums to ever be released.
B00005BJ2O|2.0|First off &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; by Labelle is better than this mix with Christina Aguilera, Lil Kim, etc.  Nicole Kidmans voice is weak at best.<br />The rest of this soundtrack is okay, not great.  I do not know why this album is getting 5 star reviews?<br />The highlight of this is Ewan MacGregors voice, he can sing.<br />Other than that this CD is a bust, and shows after Billboard Debuting at No.5 last weeks falls to No.10 and sales are falling sharply....word is getting out.<br />Though the movie (which I haven't seen) looks inviting and challenging, this soundtrack is weak, the only standout song is the &quot;Elephant Medley&quot; with Kidman and MacGregor singing love song mixes of Wings &quot;Silly Love Songs&quot;, u2s &quot;Pride In the Name of Love&quot;, Elton Johns &quot;Your Song&quot;, etc....a cute mix.<br />Other than that this is a miss.
B00001IVOF|5.0|That's right, they follow up album to THE INFAMOUS... is even harder. The beats on this album is what helps it live up to it's name HELL ON EARTH, and not even the beats, the lyrics to. With help from Nas, Raekwon, Method Man, Big Noyd & others the album is a classic. IMD even take shots back at the over thugged out 2Pac on \\"Drop A Gem On 'Em\\". I can barely describe this album in words, I'd even say that it's a better album than THE INFAMOUS... even though it's a defintite classic. My personal favorite is \\"Get Dealt With\\". I love this album to death and it will always get played in my set. This album is intense, authentic, and a powerfull hardcore Mobb album. Mobb Deep is the best group in my eyes, and like Prodigy would say \\"I can't get enough of it\\".
B00000FZQ8|4.0|Movie Summary:  Freeman Lowell is the gardener on one of a small fleet of space ships carrying the last of earth's forests. These forests are contained in giants domes. When the project is canceled, the domes are ordered destroyed and the ships called back to earth. Lowell fights to keep the forest on his ship alive with tragic consequences. Consequences that he must try to live with.<br />My Opinion:  This is a classic sci-fi film. I really like it, but I'm a hard core sci-fi fan. I don't think that people that are only slightly into sci-fi would get much out of it. The robots are very cool. The main theme of the movie is Lowell trying to weigh the saving of the last of earth's forests against the taking of human life.<br />DVD Quality:  Non Anamorphic Widescreen in Dolby Digital 1.0 (mono center channel only)  as bare bones as it gets.<br />What You Should Do:  It is currently out of print, so you don't have too many options. Rent it if you are a medium to hard core sci-fi fan. If you are a hard core sci-fi collector then you should try ebay for a copy.
B0000029LG|3.0|The first CD is pretty good, but I just HAVE to say to whoever is out there that I want a better &quot;best of&quot; mix....<br />***What I (and a lot of other people) didn't want:<br />-She's out of my life <br />-I just can't stop loving you<br />-Heal the world (This is a throwback to the campiness of the hippy movement.... Earth song on the 2nd disc is much better music with much better lyrics and nearly the same message)<br />***What I don't care about:<br />-The Girl is mine<br />-Remember the Time (How did this get on the CD when &quot;Will you be there&quot; failed to?)<br />***What I REQUIRE for the next compilation:<br />-Smooth Criminal (ACK!! This is one of his best, but I dont wanna buy &quot;Moonwalker!&quot;)<br />-Will you be there (This is was a huge hit, I thought it was curious it didn't make the cut)<br />-Jam (Love it...)<br />-Who is it (Underrated)<br />-Human Nature (probably his best ballad from the period)
B000059HB7|5.0|Movie Summary:  John T. Chance (Wayne) holds the murdering brother of a powerful rancher in jail awaiting the federal marshal. Chance refuses to release him in the face of overwhelming odds. His only help are a drunk and a crippled old man.<br />My Opinion:  This is an awesome movie and one of the best westerns (not the hotel) of all time. Wayne, Martin, Brennan, Nelson, and Dickinson all give great performances. Even though the movie is long, it is tight and seems a lot shorter than its 141 minutes. Dean Martin is just perfect as the washed up Dude trying to make a new start. Colorado has to be one of the coolest character names in a western just edging out Mississippi in El Dorado.<br />DVD Quality:  The picture is good. The sound seemed to cut off the end of a few words a couple of times. Extras include the trailer and a cast and crew summary. It's 1.85 anamorphic so that makes it worth the price right there.<br />What You Should Do:  Find it for less than ... and buy it. You're going to watch it more than once so it's not worth renting.
0060392886|5.0|Motley Crue's book The Dirt lets fans be known the truth of their lives!  Vince, Tommy, Nikki, Mick and the year of John held nothing back!  I find it very refreshing to read the ups and downs of Rock n' Rollers!  After reading this book, I have a new understanding how quickly you can rise and fall in Rock n' Roll. <br />I found it particlularly amazing that after all the booze and drug abuse their stories, though told over and over by each member, were basically the same.
B00004YWED|4.0|this is a good cd,I remember buying it some 20 somthing years ago in High school it is not the best one but if you love ac/dc you will like this.it does have classic's like TNT,Rock &quot;n&quot; Roll singer,and Long way to the Top.You will no these if you are a long time fan.For new fans I Suggest IF YOU WANT BLOOD witch was my first AC/DC album and I loved them ever since-or Highway to hell--they are more in the groove shall we say. R.I.P BON SCOTT--YOU WERE THE BEST!!!
B00000729S|5.0|An astonishing debut LP, similar to Frank Zappa's own debut \\"Freak Out\\" (released the same year, 1966) in the way it fuses the music of the past with that of the future, to end up sounding like nothing else in the present (both then AND now). These 5 American G.I.s stationed in Germany formed a band to combat boredom & dressed like monks in cloaks & shaved heads to attract attention.  Which would mean absolutely nothing if their music wasn't so darn cool! Gary Burger's near-hysterical voice yelps out extremely nihilistic (& often hilarious) lyrical gems (\\"I hate you/But call me!\\") over tribal beats & surrounded by fuzzed-out guitar/bass/organ noise and, strangest of all, an amplified banjo, here used exclusively as a rhythm instrument, its syncopations lending some songs a kind of demented jug band/Dixieland feel. Plus lots of feedback! Calling it punk isn't inaccurate, altho it's more the '60s garage variety than the '70s version. In any event, it's a shame that a North American release took over 30 years! The Monks were easily as advanced & prophetic as contemporaries The Who, Byrds or Yardbirds. That this music exists at all is amazing; that it was created by a bunch of guys \\"unhip\\" enough to join the Army, even more so. (One very minor complaint: too many \\"Trucker's gear shift\\" key modulations.) Finally, the final 4 songs are singles recorded & released after the LP. They're polished up, sweetened up & unfortunately not very good - with one exception. \\"He Went Down To The Sea\\" is a superb art-rock gem exactly like the sort The Who were then doing: Tension-&-release dynamics, tom-tom crescendos, a mid-song brass break & a simply thrilling Gary Burger vocal that'll make your hair stand on end at the word \\"starlight\\"
B00005BL2A|5.0|For some strange reason DM had managed to become everything for everyone, but only for a while. NIN - type of folk were drawn together with Erasure/Pet Shop Boys lovers. That was the case around Violator era. Things have changed since, or rather - have taken their natural progression. SOFAD, Ultra and now Exciter make people position themselves and this will inevitably alienate some part of the &quot;fans&quot;. But music stays and it is not about the beat. Nor is it about blowing one's head away. And Musically and Vocally Exciter is one of their best - An ALBUM that works as a WHOLE without standout radio hits, and necessity to overfeed the &quot;Monster of DM&quot; as they have put it themselves. It will be there in 10 years like Black Celebration is today. A minor drawback of Exciter - these are not the strongest lyrics I have heard even by M.Gore's standards.  5 stars nonetheless.
B000002H6C|5.0|With And Justice For All, it is pretty obvious Metallica opted to take a more realistic approach to their music. Up until then, a lot of their songs seemed to evoke an unrealistic feeling of immortality. However, their fourth album strays from this ideal and takes on a more mature approach to music, dealing with such issues as governmental tyranny (Eye of The Beholder), abusive parents (Harvester of Sorrow), and even teen-angst (Dyers Eve). The drumming is easilly the best of any Metallica album ever released. And the lyrical composition is unsurpassed! The song One succeeds perfectly in telling the story of an injured soldier who feels that being excluded from the war he faught in has basically defeated his whole purpose in life, which was to dutifully serve and protect his country. Blackened, my favorite song on this album, is among Metallica's most catchy, and gives an excellent description of the dangers associated with nuclear war. Dyers Eve is among Metallica's fastest and thrashiest songs ever. I could go on and on about this album, but I'll keep this review short enough that you don't get bored with it. Also, about the shoddy sound quality, I think it actually helps to give the album a darker, more moody atmosphere, fitting perfectly with many of the song subjects. In brief, if you are looking to buy a pre-Black Metallica thrash album, this should definately be first on your list!
B000059MEK|5.0|it's hard to put your finger on exactly what makes discovery so infectious. the digitized vocals are pretty cool, but they've been around for decades. and i have never even remotely been into dance music (in fact this may be the only dance cd in my 600-strong collection) so it's certainly not the genre. but there's something amazingly fresh and simple about the whole thing. these two guys have an incredible knack for writing a hook, and then layering interesting sounds over the top, so by the end of the whole album, you just want to hit play and hear it all over again. there are some really innovative uses of bass, too. a couple of tracks start promisingly, then they layer rich bass over the top - and then they add even deeper bass to astounding effect. there's only one way to truly appreciate the unique phenomenon that this album is. order it now.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is the album where Metallica really took off IMO. It not only outshines their first two releases but also stands as one of my top three albums by the band (the other two being And Justice For All and the original Load). Since every song is unique in its own way, I'll give a rundown of each (ratings not included):<br />Battery - Excellent opener. The opening accoustic guitaring never fails to bring a tear to my eye. And when the song finally hits the main riff, this album really takes off! The lyrical composition is great. And on the whole, this is an all around great party song. Definately my second favorite on this album.<br />Master of Puppets - I'll admit it. This isn't my favorite song on the album. But it's still great none-the-less! The song can be interpreted in so many ways, it's unbelievable. Once again, the accoustic portion brings a tear to the eye, and the electric guitar solo rocks! Another great.<br />The Thing That Should Not Be - Definately one of Metallica's most musically complex songs. It has some nifty guitar tricks thrown in, and the actual melody is very creative. <br />Sanitarium - A lot of people consider this a balad, and I really don't see why. It seems more like a softer version of the traditional thrash song in my opinion. I just love the way the lyrics describe the battle for freedom many people face in the real world, though I do think Metallica could have come up with a better metaphor than breaking out of a mental institution. A good song none-the-less. <br />Disposable Heroes - My favorite song on this album! It really does a good job at acknowledging those unfortunate soldiers that go off into battle and die trying to defend the country. The guitar solo is among my favorites of any Metallica song. Not to mention the song's drumming stands right next to Battery as the best this album has to offer. Brilliant song! <br />Leper Messiah - Okay, this is probably the dud of the Master of Puppets album. That, of course, isn't exactly saying it's a bad song. But I personally don't like its riff much. And James REALLY overdramatized the lyrics. The theme is of the televangelists you see all the time on TV. Yet, rather than perhaps humorously or sarcastically poking fun at some of them, the song treats them like the end of the world. I understand this is heavy metal and that it's supposed to be more serious than other forms of music, but Megadeth and Ozzy Osbourne always put a lot of sarcastic humor in their music regardless of this stereotype. Why shouldn't Metallica do the same? The speed metal portion of the song is kinda cool, though. <br />Orion - My third favorite song on Master of Puppets. It confuses me why some of the people who criticized Metallica's post-Justice music loved this song because it's just as slow and melodic IMO. Though I guess the fact that it's an instrumental kinda gives it an excuse. The song starts off with a nice, dancey beat and then kicks off the opening riff. While simple, it's very catchy. Then the middle section kicks in, where a cool bass riff and mid-80's-like melody plays. Then the song finally ends with a return to part of the original melody and a fade-out. Beautiful!<br />Damage, Inc. - I never really listened to this song much. But it still rocks! The opening is kinda cool. And the little march that comes before the song's main riff helps to establish the \\"gangsters approaching\\"-type mood. Then the song kicks into full throttle, having your head banging and heart pounding in no time!<br />That pretty much sums up the entire album in a nutshell. All I can say to any Metallica or speed metal fan is to go out and buy it. I also recommend it to those who are stuck on the popular belief that heavy metal is \\"just a bunch of [people] wailing their guitars and screaming off the top of their lungs.\\" This album will definitely change your mind once you hear Orion. Whatever the case is, buy it! You won't be disappointed.
0345440757|4.0|It's simple, easy reading.  I read it in one night, when my daughter was 3 months old and nowhere near sleeping thru the nite.  The advice was clear and direct, but seemed too simple to make a difference.  It never occurred to me that we didn't have an eating/sleeping schedule.  Within 2 days, we were on a schedule, and I had a couple of hours for myself.  Within 2 weeks, she was sleeping thru the nite, without being forced to 'cry it out'.  It gives advice about treating your baby with respect during eatings and feeding (ie. giving her your undivided attention during meals, and not playing loud music or turning on bright lights while she's sleeping).  Makes sense.  The only problem I had with the book was a comment she wrote regarding expressing breastmilk exclusively.  She states it can only be done for approximately 5 weeks before the supply dries up.  I'm in my 5th month.  She should stick to what she knows to be true.
B000002HRE|4.0|First of all, if Load and ReLoad were by any mainstream band other than Metallica, they would probably be getting straight fours and fives. Many mainstream music fans loved these albums. But because they were by Metallica, some members of the less mainstream metal crowd who looked up to the band back in the eighties just had to compare the two Loads to albums like Master of Puppets and And Justice For All (my favorite pre-Black 'Tallica album). These people found that Load and ReLoad somehow sounded more like a hybrid of Greenday and Ozzy Osbourne than the Metallica they used to know and love. Well, I personally am in the middle. I don't care how mainstream or non-mainstream the music may be. I just listen to what I like. And I personally liked this album a lot, though not as much as the original Load. Check my ratings for Metallica's pre-Black albums if you want to see whether or not I liked them better than ReLoad because I'm not going to compare. Black, Load, and ReLoad are a much softer, more melodic style of music than the fast paced breed of thrash metal Metallica played back in the '80s. This is neither for better nor for worse. Every band has to experiment with different styles of music and play what they personally like. And being that they're from a sunny state like California, I can see why Metallica would like the more outdoorsy sound of the two Loads. <br />Anyway, on to the review. ReLoad is basically a series of songs Metallica was unable to finish during the recording sessions for the original Load. Unfortunately, however, aside from Fuel, a lot of the songs on this album just didn't grab me the way the original Load's songs did. Of course, that's not to say ReLoad didn't have its moments. Better Than You had a rocking guitar solo, and featured some of Metallica's trademarked fast guitar picks missing on the original Load. After Metallica showed their new found sense of humor with Load's Poor Twisted Me, it's good to see they retained it with songs like Prince Charming and Devil's Dance. Complain all you want about this, but I think it's a nice change from the normally &quot;Stiff and serious&quot; Metallica of the eighties. Many will be quick to judge the so-called &quot;sequal&quot; to the Black Album's Unforgiven. However, the only major resemblence the two bare are the intro (the drum role with whatever that &quot;thing&quot; is) and &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; name. Otherwise, they are about two completely different subjects. Unforgiven 1 described the harshness of society. Unforgiven 2 describes a personal relationship that didn't quite work out. The first subject may be &quot;more metal&quot; but the second subject is &quot;more meaningful.&quot; That's why I like Unforgiven II much better (plus it doesn't have that annoying guitar solo the original had). However, songs like Slither seem a little weak. Attitude seems like a stripped down version of Load's Wasting My Hate. And Fixxxer, while very good, just doesn't sound as powerful as the instrumentally similar Outlaw Torn (from Load). On the bright side, Low Man's Lyric is an acceptional attempt at a softer ballad in the vein of Load's Mama Said. And Carpe Diem Baby has to have one of the coolest riffs of any song on both albums. So overall, I definately recommend buying ReLoad. However, I suggest you buy Load first, since it's a better album overall.
6301062930|5.0|Are you one of the many persons who has a video camera and find yourself disappointed with your shots? If so, this excellent presentation gives you the ins and outs of videography from start to finish. Narrator, Brian Ratty, an expert in his field, covers the basics of shooting effective videos in a three part format.<br />  First, you are given an introduction to the history, development and theory of video. In basic terms he explains just how video works. Second, you are introduced to the different kinds of cameras to use, shooting techniques, basic maintenance and the proper use of the camera. Third, he points out the various markets for making videos if you choose to go into business.<br />  Video Guide to Basic Videography is an essential tool to have for the amateur videographer or someone who wants to get the most use out of their video camera. It is an excellent teaching tool to supplement any classroom course covering the basics of videography. Brian Ratty is clear and concise in his presentation. As someone who has used video cameras in the past and is now  about to purchase one I found this source an excellent tool in gaining more familiarity with the equipment.
B000002H2H|3.0|Let me tell you that this is nothing more than an honest and personal opinion of Metallica's Ride The Lightning. You can give me as many &quot;Not Helpful&quot; votes as you want but it isn't going to change the fact that I just didn't really enjoy this album as much as I enjoyed other Metallica albums. My main problem with it was just its atmosphere. I don't really want to look back on a year like 1984. Partially because I was only about two years old at the time, partially because of all the good things that happened in 1994. For me, listening to this album is very reminiscent of watching such 1984 movies as Sixteen Candles and Revenge of The Nerds. I just don't want to be living so far into the past during daily life.  <br />As for the actual songs, they range from excellent (Fade To Black, For Whom The Bell Tolls) to rather poor (Escape). I know a lot of people will disagree with me, but I never really liked Call Of Ktulu much. And the title track just sounds very whiny and pitiful (as in desperate). Also, the drumming on this album is IMO the weakest of the band's first four albums. Lars seems to keep a lot of the drumming here as minimal as possible while throwing in little to no special tricks. Also a lot of the lyrical writing (such as in Fight Fire With Fire) is rather amateurish and James sounds very nervous and unsure of himself. By contrast, he sounded perfectly confident and ready for action in the later Master of Puppets and And Justice For All. <br />So am I saying Ride The Lightning is a bad album? Not at all. But as it is, I just couldn't really get into it as much as I did other Metallica albums. Again, this is an opinion and nothing more.
1559408855|3.0|My main gripe with this picture is not with the coprophagy scenes or the rape or torture, it is with the entertainment level. There are some memorable moments(ok, loads of them) but they kind of repeat themselves, but i suppose that is what the film is about, the incessant torture of it all. The 4 evil guys are played with gusto, these guys are the most perverted guys on film i've ever seen, even more perverted than divine or raymond and connie marble from 'pink flamingos'. My favourite parts are the start when they round up the victims and guards, the anticipation of what's to come. I thought the victims should have at least tried to resist more or come up with an escape plan or something. It's a violent film which i do not recommend to children or women
B00003W8NM|5.0|Although this review is a little dated, since Entertainment Weekly has already named it the best DVD made, I must support that statement simply for the overall aesthetic value and staying true to the manic and subversive identity of the film.<br />A misleading warning message that you can't pause begins the ride that takes you to a fitting menu format that matches the movie's style.  The movie itself is one of the best ever and the extras help bring it to legendary levels.  Deleted scenes and why they were deleted.  Actually, a ton of explainations that would impress anyone who thought about making movies.  More commentaries than your average DVD, the people involved in this movie are knowledgeable about the business and process involved with making this film and all seem to have enjoyed the experience.  The one with the stars talking is as entertaining as most things on TV.  And the internet promos &amp; PSAs &amp; behind the scenes &amp; text &amp; drawings make it a full volume of ready info on the movie.  Even the case it comes in fits the feel of the movie.  Plus, the makers are realistic - touching on the fact that many critics abhorred the violence in it when it was less violent than many 1 hour cop dramas.<br />The movie itself is a plus for any home entertainment junkie.  With the film's subliminal Tyler sightings to frantic editing style to random imagery and blurred realities to dynamic bone breaking sound and viseral score - this is what makes you proud to see a movie on DVD.  It's a DVD that's made by people who love this movie and appreciate that you love it too.  And if you don't, they explain to you why they, and a huge cult following, think it's one of the best productions ever.<br />This film is something all should watch.  Much is lost by people thinking superficially but the underlying conscience of the movie just makes sense.  Every scene, moment, line makes sense.  And once you see that this movie is about fighting - but not beating men down with fists, you get the understand that this is a deeply psychological film.  A thinker's film with a modern flow.  Man against the world.<br />Look for the happy face.  And get this DVD - a must have.  Thanks.
0670880728|5.0|I love Bridget!  She's a character for the ages! Every woman can relate to her calorie counting and Her optimistic outlook on single life, while trying to decide between the devilish Daniel Cleaver and the dashing Mark Darcy, make for a book you won't be able to put down!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Although this review is a little dated, since Entertainment Weekly has already named it the best DVD made, I must support that statement simply for the overall aesthetic value and staying true to the manic and subversive identity of the film.<br />A misleading warning message that you can't pause begins the ride that takes you to a fitting menu format that matches the movie's style.  The movie itself is one of the best ever and the extras help bring it to legendary levels.  Deleted scenes and why they were deleted.  Actually, a ton of explainations that would impress anyone who thought about making movies.  More commentaries than your average DVD, the people involved in this movie are knowledgeable about the business and process involved with making this film and all seem to have enjoyed the experience.  The one with the stars talking is as entertaining as most things on TV.  And the internet promos &amp; PSAs &amp; behind the scenes &amp; text &amp; drawings make it a full volume of ready info on the movie.  Even the case it comes in fits the feel of the movie.  Plus, the makers are realistic - touching on the fact that many critics abhorred the violence in it when it was less violent than many 1 hour cop dramas.<br />The movie itself is a plus for any home entertainment junkie.  With the film's subliminal Tyler sightings to frantic editing style to random imagery and blurred realities to dynamic bone breaking sound and viseral score - this is what makes you proud to see a movie on DVD.  It's a DVD that's made by people who love this movie and appreciate that you love it too.  And if you don't, they explain to you why they, and a huge cult following, think it's one of the best productions ever.<br />This film is something all should watch.  Much is lost by people thinking superficially but the underlying conscience of the movie just makes sense.  Every scene, moment, line makes sense.  And once you see that this movie is about fighting - but not beating men down with fists, you get the understand that this is a deeply psychological film.  A thinker's film with a modern flow.  Man against the world.<br />Look for the happy face.  And get this DVD - a must have.  Thanks.
0140277447|1.0|I want to write about so called &quot;killing contest&quot; or &quot;killing competition&quot;. My knowledge of this case are mainly from Mr Akira Suzuki's two books, &quot;Nanking Daigyakusatsu no Maboroshi(1973;hardcover, 1983;paperback)&quot; and &quot;Shin Nanking Daigyakusatsu no Maboroshi(1999)&quot;. This &quot;killing 100 Chinese with a Japanese sword&quot; case began with an article appeared in &quot;Tokyo Nichi-nichi&quot; on November 10th in 1937. This article was reproduced in &quot;Japan Advertiser&quot; on December 7th 1937, and then in the last part of &quot;Japanese Terror in China(1938)&quot; by Timperley as a supplement. Timperley's manuscript was immediately translated into Chinese language by Kuomintang, and the story of the &quot;killing contest&quot; has prevailed among Chinese people. The questions are whether or not the original Tokyo Nichi-nichi article told the truth, whether or not the original article havn't been distorted when it was reproduced or prevailed among the pubic. The answer to the former question is that the original Tokyo Nichi-nichi article was a fabrication. In order to whip up war sentiment, a news reporter of Tokyo Nichi-nichi (Mr. Asami) fabricated the article of brave battle actions (not of atrocities to civilians) from a joke talked in the playful conversation after lunch with Mr Mukai and Mr Noda. The answer to the latter question is that the original article seems to have been distorted at some important points when it was reproduced or prevailed among the public. For one thing, the original article was about battle actions, not about atrocities to civillians. As criminals of this case, two ex-Japanese-soldiers were sentenced to death. A defence counsel, who was a Chinese, tried to defend them conscientiously, but in vain. Mr Mukai, one of the two, wrote in his farewell note to his mother, &quot;I swear by heaven and earth, and before God, I have never killed a single civillian, --- &quot; <br />Iris Chang wrote, &quot;One vociferous critic of Hora and Honda was the ultraconservative author Suzuki Akira, --- &quot;(p.211 in her &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot;). This statement is wrong. Mr Suzuki is neither vociferous nor ultraconservative. He has sit out of so-called &quot;Nanking Dispute&quot; after he wrote &quot;Nanking Daigyakusatsu no Maboroshi&quot;. He seems to be a calm, sober-minded person. He is by no means &quot;vociferous&quot;. Indeed he didn't eat up the propaganda from China like many or most &quot;liberals&quot; did when China was performing the Cultural Revolution, but it naturally doesn't mean Mr Suzuki is &quot;ultraconservative&quot;. He is a devoted fan of Laoshe, and likes Shen-Congwen and Dingling among Chinese writers. He seems to be sympathetic toward Pan-Hannian and Dong-Jianwu. <br />This case still doesn't seem to be settled even in Japan. The left-wing don't agree with Mr Suzuki. A daughter of Mr. Mukai seems to have said, in &quot;Monthly Seiron, March 2000&quot;, that her father was innocent. She went to China several times to look into the documents of her father's trial.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Review #99 for this DVD and it came out 2 days ago.  I guess it goes to show you how emotional this movie makes people and how fanatical people become after watching it.  To comment on the movie, it's probably the most depressing modern movie made.  Visually and aurally, it uses every displaced technique to draw you into everyone's downfall.  The symbolism is deep and the mood even deeper.  A dark tale that no one walks away happy from.  And a masterpiece at that - for it's unrelenting fervor in beating your feelings into a bloddy mess.  I recommend this movie because it is do depressing.  It's a feeling that movies don't have anymore - and it doesn't sell out for anything.  Great performances by all and anyone who see's this movie and thinks that Julia Roberts deserved her Oscar is insane or lying to themselves.  I think any of her current boyfriends would even agree.<br />As for the DVD, it's menu format is ingenius.  Confusion is the key here as your hope for a healthier life is put to the test.  A great play on the movie's inspirational speaker equipped with phone number and barker, not to mention low grade filming and an autographed photo of Tappy himself.  Fight the static to get to great extras like Ms. Burstyn interviewing Mr. Selby, a short feature, and outtakes including a hilarious one of Marlon Wayans playing a scene as his character, then Jar Jar Binks, then his character all in succession that proves he's a good actor, or at least the best of the Wayans.  The making of featurette could have been better, but it's still a good extra.  And seeing what was cut show that the filmakers knew when too much style was just to much.<br />The movie is one made for DVD, like Fight Club.  It has a schizophrenic edit that has a myriad of cuts that will make you want to freeze and frame advance.  It's sound effects a bizarre and high sound quality is necessary for fearing the fridge.  From the colors to the motion speed, this movie is DVD necessary.  And the director's commentary helps show that everyone felt for this movie and that great film making is everything plus a little more thought than needed.  He defends everything about the film and gives credit where due.  Even his commentary on violence in movies helps understand where he wanted his film to be.<br />A perfect buy for anyone.  And probably better to watch at home incase you get too squemish and need to stop to catch your breath - which may happen a lot.  This film must be seen at lease once by all, just because of it's anti-addiction feel.<br />Enjoy feeling down - Thanks.
B00005B36H|5.0|...only to say that this full-lengthed cd is amazing...most of the music out there is pathetically predictable, and (therefore) extremely boring...tool keeps you guessing the beat while balancing everything perfectly with the group's melodic vocals...instead of riffs and phrases, these musicians compose &quot;movements&quot;, which will ultimately evolve the basics of all hard rock/metal...get this cd!...you'll be a better person...i mean, music is more than the boring I-IV-V-I progressions and pointless 3-4 power-chord riffs.
0679731725|5.0|If you get a chance, pick this book up.  It's the story of a butler who travels down memory lane and questions the decisions he made in his life.  Ishiguro does that very admirable literary task - creating an interesting story solely out of a perfectly uninteresting figure.  This book shows just how many significant moral choices lie in the seemingly insignificant life and its moments.  Remains of the Day is also very human in its treatment of remorse, regret, reflection, and acceptance.  We see the quiet life of a butler through his quiet mind and how loud the consequences of his choices were.
0792151712|5.0|Titanic was a great hit movie when it first came out. The movie made millions of dollars. Titanic was one of my favorite movies because it is based on a true story. The sinking of the Titanic was one of the worst tradiges of this century. Hundreds of people lost their lives in a very terrible way. The people that did survive are in their 90's or have already passed away.     In the movie, they focus on a certain family. Jack is a very poor teenage boy that falls in love with one of the richest girls at this time. Her name is Rose. Rose tells her fiance that she would rather be with Jack then to be with him. Her fiance was ferious and tried to kill Jack and Rose. During all of this, the ship had hit an iceberg and was beginning to sink. The people that work on the ship were trying to get the women and children in the lifeboats first. The problem was that there were not enough boats. That is the biggest mistake that the ship builder did. Mr. Andrews told Rose that &quot;it was thought by some that the deck would look too cluttered&quot;. So because of this, people lost their lives and families were split up and crushed.     I give this movie 5 stars. It is really intense movie and a very sad movie.
B00004U8H4|4.0|My goodness, if Sean Axmaker must review a movie by slamming a President, he needs to find another profession!  How can you respect a person who cannot separate his political bias from his profession?<br />This movie is very entertaining.  However, the ending was poorly edited, and confusing.  Still fun to watch on a slow Friday night, if you are a person who enjoys suspense and crime dramas that revolve around serial killers.
B00003CXMG|3.0|Director Cameron Crowe's ALMOST FAMOUS is a good rental if you have 2 hours to lose next week-end. Good music, excellent comedians, a few laughs. Good.<br />Things change like old Bob says. Raoul Walsh, Frank Capra or Orson Welles who lived a captivating life never had the vanity to even think to shoot a movie about their own destinies. Nowadays, a former rock journalist can direct a movie involving his mother, his sister, his first love, his first sex night, his first paper, his intimate friends and his &quot;be cool&quot; attitude and show it to an admirative audience. Well, things change like old Bob says.<br />A DVD zone Narcissus.
B00000FCBC|5.0|They've been called sell outs and are one of the most loved, and hated, bands around.  Whether you love them or hate them, you've got to admit, this is a different chapter in the life of Metallica.  Yes it's a cover album, but most of the covers are better than the originals.  While every song is great, the standouts are Sabbra Cadabra, Turn the Page, the Mercyful Fate medely (they do the songs better than Fate does), Whiskey in the Jar, Helpless, Am I Evil, Stone Cold Crazy, and So What.  This is a must for every true Metallica fan, I love it and I still listen to it even though I bought it 3 years ago.
B00005B36H|4.0|But, some of the people who wrote earlier are right, there is &quot;something&quot; missing, although after listening to this record umpteen times, I can still not put my finger on it. I think it may be the fact, for me at least, that the first half of the album is really dry, and just does not have a Intolerence or eulogy to get the album rocking. The Grudge attempts this, but the song loses me somewhere. Ticks, Lateralus, and Reflection are by far the strongest tracks, with Triad right in there. Ticks has the power, Lateralus has the riff, and Reflection hass that sonic ambience that I love, much like 3rd Eye (3rd Eye is a better track though). Still the more I listen, the more things I discover. This album may hold me over for the summer......
B00005AXEL|3.0|I'm listening to the cd right now...I have been a big fan of Stevie and pretty much &quot;grew up&quot; with her music (I'm 46)...I've listened to and read interviews with/about her and have always felt that she's wanted to do her own music...not something for &quot;the band&quot; or for &quot;her image&quot;... this cd felt like it might be the one she's always wanted to do...it 'almost' screams &quot;this is me&quot;.  She still has the &quot;stick-to-it&quot; talent, but it falls just short of being 'her own'...it still feels like there are too many other people involved.  If you like Stevie Nicks this might feel strange at first, and it might turn you around and show you that the brilliant talent is still there.  I sense a lack of enthusiasm on some tracks,  the most enthusiasm is in the songs that are closer to her magical/mysterious side...although my favorite songs are &quot;Bombay Sapphires&quot;...so smokey and sensual...&quot;Love Is&quot;...so simple and touching...and &quot;Planents of the Universe&quot;...the first time I heard it I kind of  &quot;melted&quot;.  My biggest problems with this cd are that there is too much of a 'stamp' of Sheryl Crow (too much of it sounds like &quot;Stevie Sings Cheryl&quot;)...and we've waited 'way' too long for this album.  Let's hope on the next one she explores the variety of the music...more on her own terms.  (I still listen to this one alot...so I'm not giving up!)  Namaste, Stevie!
0789723107|4.0|Sometimes it is the most obvious things that can defeat the most experienced web designer.  When it comes to usability you should own this book.  Forget the stereotypes of \\"useable\\" web sites and forget the horror stories you have heard about how usability will make your site look like Jakob Nielsen's site.  \\"Don't Make Me Think!\\" is a book for the web designers who want to create a better web site that works for the user and not against them. This book is not intended for the usability expert but is intended for those who wish to better understand how they make a great site more user-friendly.
B0000029GA|5.0|this cd paints about as vivid a picture in my mind as any music ive ever heard. a seemless and completely coherent trip, this is real. i cant imagine if i heard this back when it was originally released. a work of art- i dont think it could be overrated. it cant be equaled by nas, it just all came together at the right age and rigth time before money and fame. not even that he &quot;got jiggy&quot; or whatever the other reviews said, he just will never have the perception a youth can relate to displayed here.
B00000IO4J|5.0|If you're a teen and looking for a good horror flick, then rent this one, THE FALCULTY. It's probably the best of the teen horror &quot;trilogy&quot;. I saw this film on Cable TV and I have to say that it is very excellent. It's about a modern-day group of high school students who find out their teachers are aliens and the aliens are trying to take over the world, basically by turning everybody else into aliens. The teens have to find the Queen Alien and destroy her so all the other aliens will be destroyed and everyone will be human again. The ending will be pretty surprising, because the person who everybody thinks is the Queen Alien actually turns out not to be the Queen Alien.<br />THE FALCULTY has an all-star cast of young talented actors and actresses. All of the performences from the entire cast is absolutely serperb, and the script is well-written and solid. The special effects aren't all that bad, either. The Queen Alien looks extremely frightening. The stand-out actors in this film are Jordana Brewster (Delilah), Josh Hartnett (Zeke), Usher Raymond (Gabe), Laura Harris (Marybeth), and Elijah Wood (Casey). <br />THE FALCULTY is one of those modern-day fables because in the beginning, everything in the small town appears to be normal, and then strange things start happening: All the people in town start disappearing and turning into aliens.<br />This is a fun, very good film. It may not be Oscar material but heck! Not all movies can be worthy enough of winning any Oscars and that doesn't make them bad, either. So if you love horror, then go try THE FALCULTY. I can guarentee you'll love it!
B000002O7C|5.0|Excellent album, very powerful.  i recommend this album for everyone.  Russian style, it is excellent
B00004T9UF|5.0|This record is off da hook yall.  It is so sweet.  Stan is a great song and the way i am is also great.  I would definatlly recomend this song for any rape fans or anyone trying to get into rap!!
B00003CXP1|5.0|Don't get me wrong, I love Julia Roberts. As a longtime fan of her, I was pleased that she finally won an Oscar, for her performance in in the title role of  Erin Brochovich. However, if you really want to see the Best Actress of 2000, you'll need to see Ellen Burstyn's incredible performance in Darren Aronofsky's cutting edge, brilliant film &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot;.<br />Burstyn plays a mother whose heart desire is to simply get into an old red dress to appear on a television show. To help her slim down to fit into this garment, she slowly becomes addicted to a multi-colored set of pills that gradually overtake her sad, pathetic life. Burstyn portrays this woman's decent into hell with such style and horror you believe what you are seeing is true. Masterful acting from a masterful actor.<br />Ellen's Burstyn's performance isn't the only reason to watch this movie. Aronofsky's movie is a no-holds barred look at four characters as their lives decend into the hell caused by drugs. Jared Leto, Marlon Wayans, and Jennifer Connelly add tremendously to this film. But Aronofsky does something not many film maker's today do: he doesn't protect his characters. In this film, the effects of their decisions lead to horrific results, and he never moves in to protect them. It's amazing filmmaking and Aronofsky will be a director to reckon with in years to come.<br />Don't miss out. Rent or buy this immediately.
B000053W01|5.0|While I am inclined personally to compile each individual album by Karen and Richard, this is a good compilation album. It has some songs that aren't on most of their greatest hits CD's. I do, however, think it is better to just get everything they ever made.
0385501560|5.0|Victor Mancini is Palahniuk's newest leading man. He contains many elements of Jack from Fight Club, Tender Branson from Survivor, and even the unnamed narrator from Invisible Monsters. Choke is Chuck at his best. It contains all the twists and double meanings you would expect from the writer, who in my opinion is the master of his genre. I quickly bought Choke yesterday morning (it came out yesterday) and am finished with it now. I read almost nonstop, eagerly awaiting its conclusion. Choke is yet another masterpiece. All I ask of Palahniuk is..PLEASE WRITE FASTER CHUCK!!  Treat yourself and buy the book as soon as you can.
B00005AXEL|3.0|After a seven year break, you would think that Stevie would come up with a killer new release. Sadly, that isn't the case. No real standout tracks that would make you want to give it another spin. One main problem is that Stevie is not giving her all vocals-wise, she sings mainly in the same pitch throughout the cd which is boring. She is capable of far better singing than she does here, she has the range she just doesn't use it. Musically the cd is fine with good musicians but even with a few heavyweight guest musicians, this cd just doesn't cook. This release reminds me of 'Street Angel' which was horrid, one or two decent tracks and a lot of average filler. Only two tracks got my attention- 'Bombay Sapphires' and 'Planets of the universe', but that isn't enough to make me want to add this disc to my existing collection of Stevie Nicks cd's. My suggestion to Stevie is to find herself a killer backup band, and to extend her vocal range to the point where it gives the listener chills, then with her already great songwriting skills, she will hit the mark.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I admit when I first heard this CD I thought it was interesting but I wasn't in love with it. However, this CD has quickly grown on me. I listen to it constantly and it just keeps getting better and better. I think that those people who are giving this cd only ok reviews do so because it wasn't what they expected. Give it a chance, listen to it more than once.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I bought this version, the DIRECTOR'S CUT UNRATED version and it is the same as it was when I saw it in the theater.  The UNRATED DIRECTOR'S CUT is the only version that should be viewed, or be available for that matter.<br />If you have read the book than you love Hubert &quot;Cubby&quot; Selby Jr.  This film and DVD is a sort of tribute to this masterful writer.  With a great interview and a few things with him here and there it is a must buy for anyone who has read the masterpiece of a novel.<br />The DVD is sharp.  Sharper than it was in the theater even.  The sound is good, not as great as the theater of course but I do not have the best sound system to go with my Sony Vega so I cannot really judge the sound.  On my above average sound system is is still very good though.<br />The extra features are great, and the commentary by Aronofsky is even better!  With Pi, his commentary was a tad boring and dry at times, with this it is always insightful and great for any aspiring filmmaker.  <br />This film is a four star film but it is not for everyone.  Everyone should see it at least once, but it will be too much for the normal crowd hence the $$ grabbing R rated version.  I will never forget the film.  It made the couple behind me cry(male &amp; female!) and it caused my sleeping patters to, well, they went away for a week straight.  I only felt a tad better after I went and read the masterpiece of a novel, even though it ruined me for a while also.  This is one of those rare book-film combos that works!  I might even say the film helps the book, or the opposite.  This is mainly due to the AMAZING casting and acting by every single cast member.<br />This DVD is a 10/10 DVD in every way.  Great in every factor and I hope you can one day &quot;experience&quot; this film, and then read Selby's work.  Trust me, you will never forget it, the film or the novel.
B0000013GT|5.0|Outcast made one of the best albums back in 1992, Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik. They prove themselves again with their sequel. ATliens is just as good. Different than their first one. cant really compare. ATliens got some trippy beats. Some outer space background music. I had to listen to it for a while before i started lovn it. It got funny ryhmes, but that what defines outcast. They aint make that much sense, but it all comes together. One of the best tunes i got. i kinda gettn disapointed with their new albums though, stankonia is ok, but they not as good as they used to. i know ms jackson hit the top charts, but i aint like it that much. all i know is thatit got trippy beats. i had this album for years and i still listen to it all the time. you gotta have this album.
0811806405|5.0|There is a certain organic satisfaction to building a musical instrument that is lacking in many other woodworking experiences.  Cumpiano and Natelson, in this book, prove themselves experts in the craft, history and teaching of the construction of acoustic guitars.  Beyond that they also manage to convey the joy and sastisfaction that arises from the intangibles that accompany the process.  This book takes you by the hand and accompanies you on a delightful new adventure.  The emphasis is on the use of handtools and traditional, inexpensive and simple methods, which is refreshing in itself.  They don't ignore the more sophisticated tool owner and discuss the use of power tools when appropriate.  Beyond the mechanics of cutting everything away that doesn't look like a guitar, they discuss the sensuality of the experience.  Their description of the feel of the wood as you steam bend the sides of the guitar is compelling and as irresistable as the process itself, and could only be written by craftsmen that are passionate about their art.  The book manages to be much more than just a detailed instruction manual.  My copy of this fantastic book is now adorned with streaks of aliphatic resin glue and rosewood shavings I'm certain the authors would approve of the adornment.
B000007NYS|5.0|I bought this CD after hearing only one song &quot;Big Red Sun Blues&quot; on Radio Margaritaville. All I can say is &quot;WOW&quot;.  Crescent City, Side of the Road are absolutely awesome tracks.  My only regret is I waited so long to discover Lucinda Williams!
B00005B36H|5.0|I don't even know what to say about this album. Tool has put out yet another fine album and proves once again that they are THE greatest rock band of today, if not ever. These four artists make true music. It is nothing like what is heard in the mainstream, which is why a lot of people I know hate them. There needs to be more bands who can put out albums like this. If it has to be another 5 years until the next album, the wait will not seem long with this album out. There is so much to soak in on this release that 5 years will not be enough to realize the genius of Tool. Maynard, Adam, Justin, and Danny thank you for giving me a reason to listen to music and for making such a great album.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Classy, Fresh and Radio Friendly just a great Cd,  will be one of the best of the year, come Grammys Well worth repeat listens
B00005B36H|5.0|I don't like putting labels on things but when the time comes to describe this record to someone unfamiliar with the music of Tool I say &quot;spiritual rock.&quot;  As a student of philosophy I can't say enough about the poetic, yet explicit descriptions of the human struggle laid out over hyptnotic riffs and primal drumming.  To listen to this cd without paying attention to the lyrics though is bordering on self imposed intellectual malnutrition, it cannot be appreciated fully without taking the time to work throught the dramatic poems to find the deeper meaning.  I hope that one person can read this, buy the cd, listen to it and identify with the songs about love, patience and awareness.  If you can do that you will realize why this album has been anticipated by so  many people for so long.
0380729407|3.0|Ray Bradbury is a good author but this book can be really really slow at times, it took me three weeks to get thorugh it. sometimes you think, &quot;well lets see which one is Jim and which one is Will, and who is this Mr. Dark guy anyway?&quot; even though this book was slow it was good towards the end, read this book if you want a book that shows the power of emotions and how they can overcome evil.
1564029654|5.0|Based on positive reviews, I ordered Owl Babies for my 3 yr old daughter.  The story is enchanting, 3 owl babies wake up alone and fret over their missing mommy owl.  Of course, mom comes back and all is well.   The art work is incredible, you will feel the need in the babies eyes as they wait for their mommy.   We now read this book every night before bedtime, and it brings us to a very intimate point before the little one nods off to sleep.
B00000IOSU|1.0|sarah mclachlan is probably the least prolific artist i know.  it's not a bad thing, except that she enjoys releasing &quot;filler&quot; albums, like Live (1992), The Freedom Sessions (1994), Rarities, B-Sides, and Other Stuff (1996) and Mirrorball (1999).  she is also releasing an album entitled Remixed later this year, though it will only be available in Canada.  when i heard of a sarah mclachlan live album, i was excited.  i wasn't, however, excited at the track list.  how many times have we heard these songs?  sarah mclachlan is nothing more than a marketing genius now.  she hasn't had one new song since 1997 (excluding when she loved me) and she is just marketing her older songs to the point of nausea.  i can honestly say i won't be buying her Remixed album and i am not so sure about her new record either.  get touch, solace and fumbling towards ecstasy to hear the &quot;real&quot; sarah mclachlan.
B00005A3KS|3.0|I'm not going to pretend to be a movie reviewer for the New York Times or anything - I'm here to give people my impressions of the overall quality of the DVD release. If you didn't like the movie - you wouldn't buy it.<br />The video transfer is quite nice. Even though the packaging states that it is an enhanced amporphic transfer, there are noticeable scenes where they simply trimmed the top and bottom off the shot to give it the letterbox effect. An example of this is when Utah is confronted by Bunker and those punks at the shower. After Bodi and Utah kick some booty, Pappas runs into them &quot;accidentally&quot; and quickly asks if they have seen someone with a car stereo. Normally, after this he continues walking and you can see Pappas wince like he almost blew Utah's cover. In the DVD, all you see is the top of Pappas's head beacuse of the letterbox effect. Now, I'm not sure if the entire movie was simply a cropped version of the pan-scan and enhanced - but some parts definately are. Don't get me wrong though - this does not ruin the movie!<br />In terms of sound, they did quite a nice job. The DTS track goes very deep in the surfing scenes. Nothing bad to say - nothing astounding. Simply a good soundtrack.<br />What bothered me a bit was the extremely poor quality menus and the lack of any &quot;real&quot; extras. This alone dropped the disc a star.<br />Basically - if you liked the movie - you'll love the DVD. They did a good job compared to most DVD's out there!
B000002JNJ|5.0|This is the best record ever! Here are my thoughts and comments on each track: cowboys from hell- 5/5 great way to start off the album primal concrete sledge 5/5 psycho holiday- 5/5 amazing heresy- 4/5 very good cemetary gates- 3/5 not bad for a ballad domination- 4/5 greatsong shattered- 5/5 my personal favorite on the disc clash w/ reality- 5/5 my 2nd favorite on the disc medicine man- 1/5 the 2nd worst on the disc message in blood- 4/5 good song sleep- 1/5 the only real horrible song art of shredding- 3/5 good song
0767853946|5.0|All that I can say about this movie is &quot;Wow.&quot;  I have seen this movie several times and has earned the number one spot in my favorite list of movies.  The special effects and camera views for 1995 are immaculate.  Especially during the last scene where the car chase was taking place.  The camera view that sticks in my minds is where is shows the tire spinning, and you hear the outrageously loud whine of the engine, which compares to the beginning where Mike Lowry was driving the car right before they got jacked.  This all out great movie will definetly not stay laying on the shelf, it will constantly be played guarunteed. Joey
B00005B36H|5.0|Opiate, Undertow, Aenima and Salivla are all awesome but Lateralus is the best.  The bass, drums and guitar are much better on this cd than any other tool cd.  This is an incredible cd and everyone who likes Tool should get it.  Tool sounds like no other band and this cd proves it the best.  A 5 out of 5.  A much better buy then the horrible new weezer album.
B00005B36H|4.0|Its a great cd, but, well it sort of lacks something aenima had, i mean, i cant really describe it, to keep on the tool traditoon i suggest you go buy it, its good, but also pick up aenima while youre there.
B00005AAFS|4.0|Rammstein's latest album Mutter comes as a fresh breath of air in the current rock scene. After seeing so many new rap-rock bands, Rammstein's new album is a mix of techno, metal, orchestra, and pop. Songs such as &quot;Mein Herz Brennt&quot; come with a full orchestral background. Other songs such as &quot;Nebel&quot; are slower and not as heavy but still pack a punch. Mutter also is packed with electrically enhanced guitar and industrial riffs. The enigmatic sextet's last album Sehnsucht went Gold in the US and this album looks to be even better. Mutter has a wider appeal, not seen as just death metal. Previous songs as &quot;Du Hast&quot; were seen as evil or dark, the new album, although still in German, has more of an inspiring or uplifting feel. Many just see this as a German Ministry, they are vastly different. Rammstein may not be breaking down any barriers; but you'll want to check this out.
B00005BJPO|5.0|have anyone read the orginal story books. this dvd or any ld didnot show the whole story, it will change all your views to 5 stars maybe amazon.com sells this comic books form japan. it's a must get item also.
0792845684|5.0|Kurt Russell plays Snake Plissken, a decorated soldier who's become disillusioned and cynical, with a disdain for authority. When he's caught robbing the Federal gold reserve he gets sentenced to incarceration in the maximum security prison of Manhatten island (that's the whole island, walled off on all sides). Just before he's shipped over, terrorists attack Airforce One, causing the President to crash land within the prison. The President is due to give a speech in 24 hours, which will prevent world war 3, so in light of his record, Plissken is offered his freedom if he goes in and rescues the President. To ensure his cooperation the police force embed explosive charges with a 24 hour timer in Snake's neck and he's thrust into the scrabbling dark hell that New York has become.<br />Like the best John Carpenter films, Escape from New York is vividly atmospheric and quirky, with an excellent musical score that enhances the oppressive, claustrophobic mood of the film. From the start Snake is forced into action against his will and  - unlike the classic movie heroes - really resents it, giving everyone he meets the sharp edge of his tongue (with some great moments of dry humour). His only interest is his own survival, and when the President seems to slip away from him at every turn, his world-weary bitterness slowly becomes an angry desperation. A hugely enjoyable film I first saw in the darkness of the early hours of the morning and no other time fits the sombre mood of the film better.
B000002H8F|5.0|Okay, this isn't the most rocking Pixies album, but it's probably the most awe-inspiring.  (Granted, I don't have Come On Pilgrim yet, but that's more of a mini-album anyway.)  Songs such as &quot;Velouria&quot; and &quot;The Happening&quot; have an otherworldly feel to them, which isn't surprising, since this is the first album on which main singer and songwriter Black Francis' love of science fiction becomes truly apparent.  &quot;The Happening,&quot; for instance, is about aliens landing in Las Vegas.  There are also surf songs, such as the opening &quot;Cecilia Ann&quot; and &quot;Ana,&quot; which shows a fascination for word games that would later carry over into such Frank Black solo songs as &quot;Speedy Marie&quot; and &quot;Robert Onion&quot; (although the title suggests that Black Francis wasn't entirely clear on what an anagram is).  &quot;Dig For Fire&quot; has been described by Francis as a &quot;bad Talking Heads imitation&quot;; I actually think it's a pretty good one.  &quot;All Over The World,&quot; the longest Pixies song, is another highlight of this album.  Of course, it wouldn't be a Pixies album without the contributions of lead guitarist Joey Santiago and bassist/second vocalist Kim Deal (whose singing parts are more sparse here than on earlier Pixies albums, but she still manages to deliver a few choice vocals, such as at the end of &quot;Velouria&quot;).  You really have to hear this album yourself to appreciate it, so maybe you should do that now.
0812589041|3.0|Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed this book.  (It was a nice afternoon's read.)  But Ender is just too nearly perfect:  smart, kick-butt, lovable, conscientious, etc., etc.  I still think heroes need a flaw or two to make them really interesting.<br />I predicted the big surprise very early -- that was a bit disappointing.  The ending was also a bit schmaltzy.<br />In any event, it is still worth reading -- a good return on the relatively small investment of time.
B00003CXE7|1.0|After this movie won best picture, I can no longer give any respect to the academy awards.  The story line is completely predictable, the character development is nonexistent, and the movie is filled with gratuitous gore to make up the difference.  Some of the acting is humorously terrible (like the scene where Commodus kills his father, oh dear...) Crowe's performance is decent but certanly not an Oscar winning one. <br />The film probably deserves two stars on account of visuals, soundtrack and passable acting by Crowe but I'm giving it one star because it has been so ridiculously overrated.
B00005B36H|4.0|I've got the new cd. I think it's more complex, strange, above the ground and lots more... But I don't think it's better than AENIMA, wich was a masterspiece. This one is not so deep, more simple in terms of sound, especially the guitar sound. And Maynard's voice, it's kinda low, and to much the same. Some times, it reminds me of Opiate, when they were just &quot;kids&quot; jamming riffs, and yelling also. Why  doesn't Maynard speak more, like he did? I just think they will never go so deep, inside themselves, as in &quot;Third Eye&quot;. But I like the same way.
B00005J73X|5.0|Wow--Just finished listening to Bon Jovi's first live album and it is the best of their best.  It's a great album from start to finish.  Being a fan from the early 80's and collecting every album they've put out, I can tell you this is the one to get.  Songs like Runaway, Bad Medicine, Something for the Pain, the list goes on--they're all good!!  You will NOT be disappointed with this one.  Just turn it up and get ready to rock!
B00005ATQD|4.0|I actually saw this movie for the first time on TV last night. I have not seen the DVD because I thought it was going to be a boring movie and was not worth spending money renting it.  I must say I was pinned to my TV screen and cherished every bit of dialogue from start to finish. If you want to see a bit of everything from sex, drugs, the occult, phantom of the opera and mystery then maybe you will find all that in this movie. I was amazed at the level of nudity that was allowed through censorship. I still plan to watch this movie again on DVD especially for the sex ritual ceremony scene with the weird music. That should be good in surround.
6305657939|5.0|My husband had wanted to see this version and I was not particularly looking forward to it because the first version   with Steve McQueen was so plastic, vacant and &quot;Mod.&quot; <br />I perked up at this updated version though at the very start, beginning with the music.  It was so much fun watching a HOT and seductive &quot;old&quot; broad in action:  Rene Russo.  And, likewise,  watching an &quot;old&quot; and very sexy man fall all over himself for her:  Pierce Brosnan.<br />The beginning of the love affair on the stairs set my blood a-pumping!<br />And, hey, so what if you can't fold a painting up into a briefcase and unfold it with no creases present.  This is a movie not a &quot;The Care You Have to Take With Old Masters' Paintings&quot; documentary.<br />And, lastly, I loved the movie so much I made the painting &quot;The Son of Man&quot; by Rene Magritte (the painting of the man in the bowler hat,) the wallpaper on my desktop.
B000000WZ4|2.0|It's a shame 'cause Depeche Mode used to be such a great band - it was even THE band back in my gymnasium times.<br />What a pity to release such a sleepy album. The instrumentation on 'Ultra' is pretty inventive but most of the songs do lack positivity and maybe even musical willingness. You simply get sleepy, 'cause they're all in the same far too slow atmosphere.<br />Especially the hit single 'Barrel Of A Gun' is embarrassingly boring. Not worth the former Depeche Mode quality stamp.<br />Only highlights are 'It's No Good' which COULD make it to a 'Best Of' compilation, and 'Freestate', especially its crispy guitar.<br />Depeche Mode needs to work on this adjusted style. It can work. But it'll TAKE some work!<br />A big compliment though for sending 'Ultra' out on vinyl too!!
B000002J09|5.0|Don't listen to simpletons that say this album is not good.  It is the best album of all time.  Some people can't handle the fact that some bands can sound great with different styles of music.  That is why Led Zeppelin is so great.  This album has brilliant sound and excellent lyrics.
B0000542D1|2.0|I know I'm going to get slews of misguided &quot;unhelpful&quot; votes, but the truth must be heard. Contrary to some comments below, I did go into this movie with a open mind. I heard all about how energetic it was, and I knew that I would love the music. I wasn't expecting &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;-- just some fun. After about ten minutes, I would have walked out of the theater if I hadn't been with a friend. This movie is a dated mess. What must have seemed like refreshing &quot;hey, we're a brand new generation&quot; cheekiness then, now just comes across as annoying brattiness. Sort of a G-rated  &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;.  Plus, I don't expect the Beatles to be actors, but couldn't they have surrounded themselves with some talent instead of scraping the bottom of the barrel for guys who mug at the camera like they're in a grade school play? They should release a version with all the &quot;acting&quot; edited out and just show the music sequences, which are wonderful (and far too infrequent-- or maybe they just seemed that way).
B00003CXN4|5.0|Well there are people who enjoy good films. Then there are others who look for the action packed blockbusters. I personally enjoy movies with good writing, directing, and cinematography. Which Traffic contains all of. This is one of the most well put together films of all time, not to mention classics such as Citizen Kane. Don't mind the individuals who have no idea what a good movie is when it hits them.People need to realize a movie doesn't need to have action to make it good.Traffic is an outstanding movie, i suggest many people purchase it.
B000056VIY|3.0|While I admit that the first four tracks or so are wonderful, the rest is just Jennifer trying to prove that she's a big girl because she can write songs. The Spanish songs are o.k. because she's Latin but I don't think you should put Spanish and English songs all on the same album. I think she should do a Spanish album like Christina Aguleria. If you're a hard-core J.Lo fan then you SHOULD buy the album but if you only kinda like her you should burn the cd from a friend, don't pay money.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Well there are people who enjoy good films. Then there are others who look for the action packed blockbusters. I personally enjoy movies with good writing, directing, and cinematography. Which Traffic contains all of. This is one of the most well put together films of all time, not to mention classics such as Citizen Kane. Don't mind the individuals who have no idea what a good movie is when it hits them.People need to realize a movie doesn't need to have action to make it good.Traffic is an outstanding movie, i suggest many people purchase it.
0792844890|4.0|Mel Brooks definitely lives up to expectations with Spaceballs. This parody of the Star Wars movies will deliver laughs whether you are a sci fi fan or not. The cast of characters (including Bill Pullman, John Candy, and Rick Moranis...and of course Mel Brooks) closely parallels the familiar cast of Star Wars, but Rick Moranis takes the cake as Dark Helmet, the Darth Vader-like figure. (&quot;And now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb.&quot;)<br />Personally, I found this movie amusing at 10, and now at 22 I still think it's wonderful. Most of the other reviews give you an idea of what the movie contains, so I won't get into a long explanation, but I have to recommend this one pretty highly as a great comedy.
B000000WCV|5.0|Homework by DaftPunk is by far the most awesome sound heard in a long time. The album, consisting of the phenomenal track 'rolling and scratching', transports the mind to another level altogether. Whether you want to dance on this sound, race with it or simply blare it on your speakers, Daft Punk ensures sound that has been unheard of before. Pick this cd up and you wont regret it.....
B000056K04|5.0|I just saw dave matthews band at dodger stadium and they were so good i can't even describe it.  They played most of the songs from everyday and they've been evolving some of the songs and the sound really good.  Anyone that says this album is not good,  obviously has no taste.
B000002U8A|5.0|As a major Duran Duran fan in the 80's this was my favorite work of the Fab 5. New Romantic's AKA Nuro's rallied around this album as a perfect vox of the scene. The lovely and etheric Seventh Stranger is an instrumental never to be heard on the radio but one of the best tracks. The synthesized sound is perfect pop 80's. Buy this album. You won't be disappointed.
B00003CXP1|5.0|When this movie opened in Boston last November, I dragged my best friend to see it with me.  I knew I couldn't go alone.  Two hours later, I knew WHY I couldn't see it alone and was racked with nightmares for weeks afterward.<br />&quot;Requiem For A Dream&quot; is the second film by indie-auteur Darren Aronofsky, former Brooklyn native and Harvard dropout.  Good thing he screwed up at Harvard or this film would never have been made.  After reading Hubert Selby's &quot;almost as disturbing&quot; 1964 novel &quot;Last Exit To Brooklyn,&quot; he discovered this book, the story of four formerly everyday innocents sucked into and trapped by a downward spiral into a place with which hell could never compete.  The odd part is that he never finished it.  It disturbed him too much.  I can identify with that.<br />The visuals that encompass this film are so stunning, so frightening, so spastically violent and cruel that you may find yourself hiding behind the nearest large object to avoid the wrath of what leaps out of the screen and assaults you with all its might.  The Kronos Quartet, who provides the disturbingly beautiful soundtrack, plays with a continued intensity through the entire film up to including its vicious finale.  In addition to the cinematography and score, though, are four actors that easily make this film one of the top ten of the last ten years.  Hands down.  No questions asked.<br />Ellen Burstyn's performance in this movie was easily one of the most heart-wrenching, dynamic sucker-punches in a VERY long time.  To watch this sweet old woman, Sara Goldfarb, descend into loneliness and drug addiction will easily bring you to tears, particularly at its finale.  Jared Leto and Marlon Wayans cause you to do a double-take as the best friends, Harry and Tyrone, who go into business for themselves only to find themselves worse off than they ever were before (to say it mildly).  They both take off into directions they have never previously achieved.  And JenniferConnelly's artistic sweetheart-turned-whore is nearly as worthy of Oscar praise as her co-star Burstyn is.  I can't imagine any of them will ever have better performances in their lifetime.<br />To say this is an excellent movie is an understatement.  To say it is graphic in terms of its violence, sexuality and drug use is also an understatement.  Be prepared to have the images of their hell swimming through your mind with every moment of the weeks ahead.  But, whatever you do, don't be afraid of what I say as well as what the other reviewers say; you MUST see this movie.  You will never forget it.
0679879269|5.0|After reading &quot;The Golden Compass&quot; and &quot;The Subtle Knife,&quot; I was left dangling from a cliff wondering how Pullman could possibly manage to pull the pieces of the plot together into a coherent ending.  After waiting for nearly two years, reading &quot;The Amber Spyglass&quot; was especially rewarding.  Richly written, Pullman's novel gracefully weaves the strands of plot together into an exciting, thought-provoking masterpiece.  His ideas regarding religion and the deceptiveness of the Church were particularly intriguing to me; the thought of God as a Great Deceiver thrills me, because no writer I have ever read has ever written such an idea in such a popular franchise before.  I also loved his idea of the Fallen Angels being on the side of right and goodness rather than being demonic underlings.  The concept of Dust, or Dark Matter, being the basis of all spiritual existence is thrilling, and his ideas regarding the psyche of the maternal mind are interesting.  However, the most dramatic portion of the novel would have to be the dramatic closing chapters.  They are so well-written, and the characters have been so highly developed and embraced by my heart, that the tragic end actually drove me to tears during the entire final five chapters.  I truly hope, as do many, that Pullman will relent and add a fourth installment to this groundbreaking series; the open ending is just too much to handle, and leaves me hungering for more.  A truly well-written novel not only entertains you, but challenges your pre-formed conceptions and beliefs.  Pullman's novel accomplishes this in spades, and deserves to be studied intensely.
B000002LAC|5.0|If you don't have a copy of this CD -- you should! Even if you think you don't like traditional Appalachian music and harmonies, give it a shot. I first heard these three singers had gotten together and planned to do an album together back in the 1970's. It took them 10 years to give us the finished product. By that time CDs had come along, and I bought it on CD. It was well worth the wait. Somehow the three voices blended together are uniquely right. The song selection here is much better than on Trio II. It starts with &quot;The Pain of Loving You,&quot; a wonderful song Dolly first wrote and sang with Porter Wagoner in the 1970's. It sounds like the traditional mountain music the original Carter Family might have sung in the 1920's -- back when commercial Country Music was first born. Of course that is the kind of music Dolly, born in 1946, was raised on -- the music of the Carter Family and even older folk songs that brought to America by the first colonists from the British Isles. &quot;Making Plans&quot; is just a very lovely traditional Country song. Dolly first sang it with Porter, but the version here benefits from the angelic harmonies. &quot;To Know Him Is To Love Him&quot; is the old pop standard. This was a hit when it was released from this CD -- and a video of it is still sometimes  shown on CMT. &quot;Hobo's Meditation&quot; was written by the &quot;Father of Country Music,&quot; Jimmie Rodgers who cut his first record the same day the original Carter Family cut theirs. Linda Ronstadt takes the lead vocal and does a fine job, though it it a man's song. &quot;Wildflowers&quot; is a fine autobiographical song Dolly wrote about how she had to leave her mountain home to make a success in the outside world: &quot;I uprooted myself from my home ground and left. Took my dreams and I took to the road...&quot; &quot;Telling Me Lies&quot; is an absolutely gorgeous lament by Linda with harmony vocals from Dolly and Emmylou. The harmonies on this one song are worth the price of the CD. &quot;My Dear Companion&quot; is a song by Jean Ritchie that sounds like a traditional folk song. &quot;Those Memories of You&quot; is a bluegrass song where Dolly takes the lead vocal and shows everyone how perfect her voice is for bluegrass. No wonder bluegrass fans were so eager to hear her debut bluegrass CD, &quot;The Grass is Blue.&quot; &quot;I've Had Enough&quot; is a lovely song but I can't remember it very well, so I can't say much about it. &quot;Rosewood Casket&quot; is a traditional song Dolly must have learned from her mother. No doubt that's why Avie Lee Parton is given a credit for the musical arrangement used here. &quot;Rosewood Casket&quot; sounds like Victorian parlor music that found its way into the folk tradition in the Appalachian Mountains. &quot;Farther Along&quot; is a traditional Gospel song that has the most beautiful harmonies. If angels don't sound like this -- they should!
B00005B36H|5.0|This album is a GREAT purchase.  I think it is their best one yet!  \\"Parabol\\" is great leading into the seventh track \\"Parabola.\\"  \\"Parabola\\" rocks!  Danny sure proves why he can be the best drummer in this generation.  The percussion is very well coordinated with the music.  This album has alot more lead guitar than their other two albums.  Maynard's voice is still unique and can still make your spine tingle especally the high notes.  Maynard uses alot more distortion in his voice with the tracks \\"The Grudge\\" and \\"Ticks and Leeches.\\"  BUT THIS ALBUM!!  YOU WILL NOT BE DISSAPOINTED!!
B00005BL2A|4.0|Let's face it, Depeche Mode has always been an incredible singles band. The albums, on the other hand, were usually mixed bags, each containg a few gems, some decent songs and one or two... dogs. In case of Exciter, the weak links (literally) are the instrumental interludes, which are a waste of space. I don't know why they feel the need to &quot;pad&quot; their albums. Still, &quot;Dream On&quot;, &quot;Shine&quot;, &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; and &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot; are DM at their best. The absolute highlight for me is &quot;Freelove&quot;-a breathtakingly beautiful and dark &quot;lust song&quot;. The entire album is marked by great production, play it loud so you can hear all the neat sound textures. Also, despite occasional weak moments, the album is sequenced well and works as a whole. Puts me in a reflective (and dark) frame of mind. This is the sound of 2 a.m.-when you can't sleep.<br />P.S. Let's all take a deep collective breath and get over the departure of one Alan Wilder. There. Doesn't it feel better?
0380730405|5.0|I am in an honors English class at my school, and one of the books we read was Rebecca.  I had previously bought the book, but I didn't read it until it was time for it in class.  It wasn't until the end of the year that we read it, but everyone loved it.  Rebecca is a Gothic romance, but it is extremely good.  I was hooked from the beginning ,&quot;Last night I dreamt I went to Manderley again,&quot; being the first line, but it might take the first few chapters to get really into it.  But believe me it's worth it!  I loved this book!  It was my favorite novel, even more than To Kill a Mockingbird, out of all the ones I read in English this year.  Daphne du Maurier did a great job writing this book.  The descriptions are vivid, and the characters are dynamic.  As more of the characters are weaved in the plot line, more secrets are revealed-more secrets of Manderley.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Let's face it, Depeche Mode has always been an incredible singles band. The albums, on the other hand, were usually mixed bags, each containg a few gems, some decent songs and one or two... dogs. In case of Exciter, the weak links (literally) are the instrumental interludes, which are a waste of space. I don't know why they feel the need to &quot;pad&quot; their albums. Still, &quot;Dream On&quot;, &quot;Shine&quot;, &quot;I Feel Loved&quot; and &quot;Goodnight Lovers&quot; are DM at their best. The absolute highlight for me is &quot;Freelove&quot;-a breathtakingly beautiful and dark &quot;lust song&quot;. The entire album is marked by great production, play it loud so you can hear all the neat sound textures. Also, despite occasional weak moments, the album is sequenced well and works as a whole. Puts me in a reflective (and dark) frame of mind. This is the sound of 2 a.m.-when you can't sleep.<br />P.S. Let's all take a deep collective breath and get over the departure of one Alan Wilder. There. Doesn't it feel better?
B000050XEI|5.0|I love this cd! I think this is one of her best. I don't know how she manages to make each cd sound different. The songs also melt in each other so you're not relaxing to one song and then are suddenly jarred by the next.<br /> I play this one at work when things start to get a little on the tense side, it helps to bring the stress level down a notch or two.<br /> If you're a first timer to Enya you will definitely become a long time listener with this cd.
B000002LCK|2.0|I love new order, and I love the music on this CD. Unfortunately, if a CD ever needed to be remastered, it is this one.  The recording level is very low on this disc, and it's hard to really hear the songs.  I think I'll try to get &quot;The Best of New Order&quot;, and see if it's any better.
0140288503|5.0|Black Hawk Down is a captivating book thanks to Mark Bowden's direct and colorful writing, but most importantly because the story is so amazing.  It is the story of the US soldiers killed by ambush on the streets of Mogadishu, Somalia, as they were executing a dangerous mission to capture several Somali warlords.  The bravery, courage, and loyalty these soldiers demonstrate in this book in giving their lives up for their fellow soldiers is beyond admirable.  But the best part of the book is how Bowden stretches a story that lasted less than a day into a few hundred pages by recounting the street shootout from several different perspectives, including those of a couple Somalis.  A normal reader will not be able to set this one down until being finished with it, and I believe most fair American citizens will gain a great respect for these US military men who gave their lives fighting to restore peace in a foreign land gone mad.  Mark Bowden was fair in this book not to point fingers, since he was just telling the story, but there are questions that Bill Clinton and Les Aspin (who was forced to resign because of this incident) should have to answer in relation to this massacre that they most likely never will.
B000002I25|5.0|1<br />January 1967: The Doors self-titled debut is released.<br />The Doors were always a band shrouded in an enticing mystique, maintained mostly by their intriguing lead singer, Jim Morrisonm and their first album is the best demonstration of thq aura that followed the group. Breathtakingly arranged and produced (by the late Paul Rothchild), and immersed in a lush, gloomy atmosphere, this record is the perfect display of the band's musical ideals and remains the best first purchase for those who are interested. [NOTE: I recommend buying either The Complete Studio Recordings or waiting for a re-release of the album on CD as your means of acquiring it in its best form--without WAITING FOR THE SUN].<br />The album is also notable because it is ripe with some of the most memorable Doors tracks. Every song, however, has something to offer; the best of these is the astonishing Oedipal drama &quot;The End&quot;, which rounds out the album. From &quot;This is the end...&quot; to &quot;the blue bus is calling us&quot; to &quot;he took a face from the ancient gallery and he walked on down the hall&quot; to &quot;father, I want to kill you&quot; and back to &quot;...this is the end&quot;, the piece manages to carry the listener along with its rich, sweeping soundscapes and dark, heavily metaphorical wordplay. Other tracks worthy of mention are the hit single &quot;Light my Fire&quot;, another epic side-closer, containing two great solos by guitarist Robby Kreiger and keyboardist Ray Manzarek, and &quot;Break on Through to the Other Side&quot;, which establishes the Doors' musical goal and takes the listener along right from the opening, organ-derived bass line. The cover of Willie Dixon's &quot;Back Door Man&quot; contains what may be Morrison's most entertainingly dramatic vocal performance, reaching its climax at the disturbing line &quot;the men don't know, but the little girls understand&quot;. The blues-rock &quot;Soul Kitchen&quot; is an underrated classic, containingsome great performances, and the notable lyric &quot;I guess I'd better go now; I'd really like to stay here all night&quot;. &quot;Take it as it Comes&quot; is also incessantly powerful and entertaining, if short, with another great keyboard solo by Manzarek. The mystical &quot;Crystal Ship&quot;, while somewhat messily arranged, is still alluring with its dreamy atmosphere, and--once again--a wonderful solo by Manzarek, the high point of the tune. &quot;End of the Night&quot; is even more gloomy and loosely carried out than anything else on the album, but really helps contribute to the overall feel of the record. An attempt at cabaret, the Brecht-Weill &quot;Alabama Song&quot;, works surprisingly well here, though it offers a needless departure from sincerity, and becomes as eerie as the rest of the songs when Morrison asks the listener to &quot;show me the way to the next little girl&quot;. &quot;Twentieth Century Fox&quot; is a fun, charging rocker, though it suffers from its ill-balanced arrangement. &quot;I Looked at You&quot; is also fun and fast, but contains no great solos and suffers from a mediocre set of lyrics written by Robbie Kreiger.<br />All in all, the Doors' first album, though contaning a few lulls, is a smooth, incessantly entertaining, and deliciously dark and brooding mix, and, after it culimnates in the final track &quot;The End&quot;, you will be left guaranteedly amazed.<br />My Rating: ****1/2<br />1
B00000J6AG|5.0|What a long slow burner this album has been.It's hard to believe that it is practically two years old.One of the first places it first came to prominence was in Ireland and in Germany.Then many of the tracks were used on t.v. adverts in the U.K. and it has been a steady climber in North America for a long time.Many people describe this as purely a dance album,but I think the sound is far to varied to closet it into one category.<br /> The first thing that struck me about the c.d. the first time I heard it was the way Moby used the sound of old spiritual music and combined it with drum machines,synths and plenty of bass to give it a really dancey feel.Many of the songs though like this are just a bit too slow to be looked upon as dancefloor faves.The first two songs and track 8 the blues song Natural Blues have this groundbreaking sound to them.<br /> Then of course there are the ambient tracks like Porcelain-which is a really beautiful song apart from the weedy singing.This song takes you to a dreamy paradise and it was no surprise they used it on the soundtrack to the movie The Beach.Track 6 Rushing is also quite ambient but in an even slower more mellow sort of way.Track 13 does ambient but in a style you would associate with The Chemical's-especially the excellent bass riff that dominates this song.<br />  Track 4 &quot;Why Does My Heart....&quot; Was a huge hit in Germany before this c.d. was huge worldwide and it's easy to see why.The sound is more poppy then most of the tracks.It's sort of a halfway house between the tracks which are totally influenced by those spiritual sounds and a commercial dance,soul pop song.It's the most commercial track on a pretty commercial c.d.&quot;Bodyrock&quot; has the quickest tempo-a real dance song,with a rock edge guitar riff and non-stop in your face rap.<br /> This is a long c.d.-63 mins and it has 18 tracks.Some of the more interesting tracks are towards the end-but these tracks seem to have been more or less ignored.Track14-Everloving is a beautiful song-almost folky acoustic guitar,haunting piano and ambient synth effects.Which build into a glorious almost technicolour climax.Track 15 has total minimalist ambience-strong drum machine beating out an even,constant and simple rhythmic pattern;sweeping synth chords and then the dark strong single piano notes add to 5 minutes of dreamy pleasure.Things get even slower on the next track called &quot;Guitar flute &amp; string&quot;-the sound is fully explained by the song title.<br /> All in all this c.d. is an essential purchase.It's also a nice introduction to a semi-dance sound for those only getting into that musical genre.The c.d. has been a bit over-exposed over here,yet there are enough tracks of excellent quality towards the end of the c.d. that remain fairly untouched by those commercial powers.The songs at the start still sound great though,especially up at a healthy volume and when you haven't heard them in a long time.next one should be interesting!
B00003CX8J|5.0|There are two easter eggs on this DVD one is that if you go to the trailer section and highlight a rose in that section you'll see a deleted scene featuring not only the x-men but another comic character as well. Another hidden object is in the art section if you highlight logans dogtags you'll see sketches of two characters that were not in the film, One is beast the other a villian.
B00003CXRM|5.0|I find it interesting that this film has polarized the viewing public.  Alternately touted as the 'best film of the year' and the 'worst', I didn't know quite what to expect when I sat down to watch &quot;O Brother.&quot;  While its themes are thousands of years old (due to its loosely adapted Homerian plot) its placement in the Depression-era South is as intellectually stimulating and entertaining as one could possibly expect.  The music is so good that I won't even bother to comment on it save that everyone should purchase the soundtrack.  But the film itself is what sold me as living up to the accolades that many critics (both professional and amateur) have heaped upon this film.  The characterizations are tremendous, the representation of numerous real-life characters and Southern archetypes (the 'Robert Johnson' bluesman who sells his soul or the 'Kingfish' demagogue) are dead on target, and the individual performances are tremendous.  John Goodman does some of his most compelling work as does George Clooney.  But the people that stole the show for me were John Turturro and Charles Durning; their characters were as rich as the script allowed and made me appreciate both the intent of the script and its tangible outcome.  My best advice is to ignore everyone's opinion and watch it yourself.  If you're like the rest of the reviewers (including mine) you'll either love it or hate it.  I think its easy to see in which camp my review falls.  My guess is that if you give this movie half a chance you'll have no choice but to buy the DVD when it gets released.
B00005K3OT|4.0|Chocolat is a sumptuous feast for those with a cinematic sweet tooth. A single mother (Juliette Binoche) driven by the restless wanderlust of her Navaho mother's spirit, moves to a quiet French town with her six year old daughter and opens a chocolate shop in the middle of Lent, the Catholic fast before Easter. Her free spirited atheism enrages the sanctimonious mayor (Alfred Molina), and a battle commences for the hearts and minds of the villagers.<br />There is magic swirling around Binoche and her chocolatery, blurring the lines between real and unreal and giving the story the feel of a fable.  However the gritty performance of Lena Olin as a battered wife keeps it from floating too far from earth. Swedish director Lasse Hallstrm (My Life as a Dog) once again paints a convincingly chilly portrait of small town life, aided by the capable acting of Binoche, Judi Dench and Johnny Depp in particular.  Be warned, however, the real star of this movie is the chocolate. Don't go on an empty stomach or you may find yourself worryingly distracted from the narrative flow. The story is light on dramatic urgency, but the cast stirs in their own spicy fruit into the half-baked script and the result is delicious enough to satisfy the most gluttonous of appetites.
B000056PWV|5.0|&quot;Rear Window&quot; is rightly regarded as one of Hitchcock's best films and has been written about and analysed many times. Hitchcock considered it would be a challenge to make a film using just one set (he had done something similar in &quot;Rope&quot; also starring James Stewart in 1948). &quot;Rear Window&quot; is considered to be one of James Stewart's best roles even though he was confined to a wheelchair throughout the film. Grace Kelly was elegant as Stewart's girl friend and Raymond Burr made an impressive villain.<br />Jeff Jeffries (James Stewart) is a photo journalist who is recovering from a broken leg and he passes the time by looking out of his window which overlooks several other apertments. He thinks that a murder has taken place in the apartment directly across from his. He has observed his neighbour Lars Thorwald (Raymond Burr) arguing with his wife and later becomes convinced that Thorwald has killed her and disposed of the body. He shares his thoughts with girl friend Lisa Fremont (Grace Kelly) but she is reluctant to believe him and tells Jeffries that his imagination is getting the better of him. However, after observing Thorwald for some time she also becomes suspicious and agrees to help Jeff find evidence to support his theory. Jeffries is unable to leave his apartment due to being in a wheelchair with his broken leg so Lisa volunteers to break into Thorwald's apartment to look for clues when he is out. Naturally, Thorwald returns and catches her in there which places Lisa in great danger with Stewart helpless to do anything while watching from across the courtyard.<br />Some favourite lines from the film:<br />James Stewart (to Grace Kelly): &quot;I've seen it through that window - I've seen bickering and family quarrels and mysterious trips at night. Knives and saws and ropes, and now since last night not a sign of the wife&quot;.<br />Kelly (to Stewart): &quot;Start from the beginning again Jeff. Tell me everything you saw - and what you think it means&quot;.<br />Wendell Corey (to Stewart): &quot;You didn't see the killing or the body - how do you know there was a murder?&quot;.<br />Raymond Burr (to Stewart): &quot;What do you want from me?.<br />One of the delights in watching a Hitchcock film is to be clever enough to spot the director's cameo appearance. (In &quot;Rear Window&quot; he was winding a clock in the music composers apartment about an hour into the film). In his early films he sometimes did not appear until near the end (as in &quot;The Lady Vanishes&quot; for example). However, as people became aware of this gimmick Hitchcock realised it would spoil the audiences concentration of the film if they were watching for him to pop up so he began to make his cameos earlier in the films to get them out of the way. James Stewart appeared in four films for Hitchcock - the others were &quot;Rope&quot;, &quot;Vertigo&quot; and &quot;The Man Who Knew Too Much&quot;. Grace Kelly made two other films for Hitchcock - &quot;Dial M For Murder&quot; and &quot;To Catch a Thief&quot;. Raymond Burr went on to have great success on television in both the &quot;Perry Mason&quot; and &quot;Ironside&quot; series. &quot;Rear Window&quot; was remade in 1998 with Christopher Reeve and Daryl Hannah.you think it means&quot;.<br />Wendell Corey (to Stewart): &quot;You didn't see the killing or the body - how do you know there was a murder?&quot;.<br />Raymond Burr (to Stewart): &quot;What do you want from me?.<br />One of the delights in watching a Hitchcock film is to be clever enough to spot the director's cameo appearance. (In &quot;Rear Window&quot; he was winding a clock in the music composers apartment about an hour into the film). In his early films he sometimes did not appear until near the end (as in &quot;The Lady Vanishes&quot; for example). However, as people became aware of this gimmick Hitchcock realised it would spoil the audiences concentration of the film if they were watching for him to pop up so he began to make his cameos earlier in the films to get them out of the way. James Stewart appeared in four films for Hitchcock - the others were &quot;Rope&quot;, &quot;Vertigo&quot; and &quot;The Man Who Knew Too Much&quot;. Grace Kelly made two other films for Hitchcock - &quot;Dial M For Murder&quot; and &quot;To Catch a Thief&quot;. Raymond Burr went on to have great success on television in both the &quot;Perry Mason&quot; and &quot;Ironside&quot; series. &quot;Rear Window&quot; was remade in 1998 with Christopher Reeve and Daryl Hannah.
0792153189|1.0|In a rare occasion, I did not watch \\"Deep Impact\\" to the end. Why is this classed as a movie. The same branch of entertainment as \\"Raging Bull\\" and \\"Taxi Driver\\". It is NOT a film. It is one hour of my life I want back. Script, direction, production and cinematography aparently mean NOTHING to the \\"director\\". May he hang his head in shame at this mockery of culture. Morgan Freeman, I salute you for carrying on a successful career after unfortunately starring in this [stuff]. Take a guess at the end. Which one is more likely in this film:  (a)The meteor(s) hit earth (b)They miss Earth (c)The makers of this abomnation ... themselves.<br />although (c) is more preferable to any movie-goer, it would be patronizing to tell people which one. And if you can't guess, meet up with Bruce Joel Rubin and Michael Tolkin, (yes, apparently there WERE writers involved) and develop a screen-play. It will probably be a damn sight better than this [stuff].
0446677450|2.0|This book left me frustrated. It tells all about what you *should* do and *should* get in order to have a cycle of passive income, but does not tell you HOW!Anyone with an interest in finances already knows what they should do and should have. What's the &quot;down &amp; dirty&quot; of HOW?
B00003Q43A|1.0|I can suspend disbelief.  I can put pretension and artistic concerns aside and simply enjoy a movie for sheer entertainment value.  I cannot condone or recommend this humongous pile of dung that millions of tastless morons have actually claimed to enjoy.  Acting: horrible.  Plot: embarrasing Effects: whoopee, the White House just exploded, big deal.  If I want to see two hours of explosions I'll set off M-80's in my backyard.  Oh my god look Randy Quaid is a crop duster turned state of the art multimillion dollar jet fighter pilot and just saved the world!  Wow! Will Smith somehow knows how to pilot an alien spacecraft!  And his stripper girlfriend still has to go to work even though the &quot;mother ship&quot; is floating over L.A.  Give the girl a break geez!  Give ME a break.
0141000198|1.0|Let's say you're reading a book. You've given the plot a one, characters a one, prose a one ... but the book is really worse than that. You need that extra bit, that extra push over the cliff. Where do you go from there? Zero.<br />&quot;But why not just make one lower, and give the book a one?&quot;<br />This review goes to zero.
0792151712|1.0|I just read Roger Ebert's review of the new movie &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;. He sarcastically described it as the story of how the Japanese made a surprise attack on a love triangle. That criticism is right on, and it applies to &quot;Titanic&quot; as well: the story of how an iceberg ruined a steamy affair between two youngsters. The ship, its ill-fated voyage, and the tragic circumstances of the other passengers are completely obscured by the sappy, aimed-at-14-year-old-girls love story involving two fictional characters.
B00005AXEL|5.0|I would buy her CDs if nothing else, just out of devotion. I have always been a huge fan, but this CD is worth every penny. She sounds like the the Stevie of long ago the Buckingham/Nicks Stevie, even.  Some really good  tracks, and all the collaborations with other artist(Sheryl Crow adds alot) make it very distinctive and eclectic,  I Really like Everyday, Sorcerer and Fall From Grace. I may even spring for concert tickets...if they don't sell out. I hope the radio stations give it a lot of play.
B00004Y7SF|3.0|Christina's christmas album is enjoyable..but not all that great. The first song is a catchy song and was played on the radio during the holidays. Christina does have a good voice, but most of the time she over sings her songs which just kills it. If you hear it on a CD player your ears will start to hurt if you have it on too loud. If Britney put out a Christmas record, I'm sure that it would be much better than this. I prefer Britney's voice to Christina's any day because she has a good voice and doesn't over sing. My Kind Of Christmas will bring satisfaction to mostly Christina fans.
0385501560|4.0|I THINK I READ THIS ONE IN ABOUT 3 HOURS, VERY FUNNY, I LOVED THE CHAPTER WITH THE [sex] SCENE THE MOST...GOD THAT MAKES ME SOUND PRETTY SICK, BUT ANYWAYS, IT IS HILARIOUS.
B0000508U6|2.0|after listening to this album a few times....and hearing &quot;yellow&quot; on the radio one too many times...I've about given up on this album...it consistently becomes a whining blur as you attempt to listen...not the &quot;next big thing&quot; everyone raved about.
B000059HB7|5.0|Considered by many to be one of the two greatest John Wayne films (the other being John Ford's The Searchers), Rio Bravo features the Duke as Sheriff John T. Chance, a lawman facing incredible odds as he tries to hold criminal Joe Burdette (Claude Akins), delinquent brother of a ruthless and powerful local landowner, until a judge arrives. Under increasing and relentless siege by big brother Burdette's violent mercenaries, he begins preparing for a showdown in which he knows he will be outgunned and outnumbered. Aided by his ageing deputy, Stumpy (Walter Brennan in an Oscar-winning performance) and former gunslinger and friend Dude (Dean Martin), who is now the town drunk (Dean Martin), Chance digs in knowing his actions would mean the difference between law-and-order and anarchy. The three are joined by mysterious young gunslinger Colorado (Ricky Nelson), whose motives are intriguingly unclear. Rio Bravo is perhaps John Wayne's most satisfying Western, allowing him the signature performance that most composes his movie persona - a heroic, principled man, appealing to and aided by young and old, but fully prepared to stand alone against overwhelming adversaries in protection of decency, law and order. Given its central premise, it's perhaps unavoidable to draw comparisons between Rio Bravo and Fred Zinneman's High Noon, which has Marshall Will Kane (Gary Cooper) preparing to face the man he once sent to jail, all the while being persuaded to leave by his wife (a role interestingly paralleled in Rio Bravo by Angie Dickinson's smitten good-time girl, Feathers). In High Noon, Cooper effectively has to stand alone as the cowardly townsfolk abandon him in his hour of need. Nor is Cooper's character blessed with the lack of self-doubt of Wayne's John Chance. Rather, standing his ground scares him as it would anyone. For him, fulfilling his duty as a lawman has nothing to do with the townsfolk who hardly deserve it but all to do with his personal integrity. His heroism iscompelled by his personal decency and has no grand intent unrelated to his own view of who he is and what he stands for. In the end, having defeated the gang (with help from his wife) he tosses his tin star into the dust. Community has been revealed to be a myth - what he did was to be able to live with himself. In Rio Bravo, Wayne is not so much abandoned as admired by the townsfolk. To be sure, they are practically little more forthcoming than High Noon's townsfolk - but they hardly shun him. Rather, he is even in the position of being able to turn down offers of assistance and even the town's meekest man (the Latino hotel proprietor) is hardly afraid to be anything but supportive. Wayne is the designated defender of the community and happy to be so without imposing expectations on anyone else around him.  He stands astride the town as the unquestioning and unquestioned defender of a law-and-order status quo he wholly buys into. Whether the townsfolk support him or not is hardly a concern linked to his butt-kicking commitment to his badge and the American way. Significantly, the support he receives from Stumpy, Dude and Colorado result from conscious decisions - acts of will - on their part, not entreaties from him. It's clear throughout that Stumpy has the option of bailing if he wishes to - he doesn't; Dude's easiest road is to remain in a drunken stupor - but he doesn't; and the fight hardly concerns Colorado in any way so his obvious best interest is to remain uninvolved - but he doesn't. Similarly for the rancher who offers Chance assistance (which he turns down); Feathers who positions herself dangerously close to Chance when she needn't; the hotel owner who need not be overly familiar with Chance but is. Rio Bravo displays a thoroughly less jaundiced view of community than High Noon (perhaps unsurprisingly given that High Noon was written by Carl Foreman - cruelly blacklisted during the disgraceful McCarthy hearings that so clearly revealed the fallacy of \\"community\\" in Hollywood). Yet, Rio Bravo succeeds in its optimism just as powerfully as High Noon succeeds in its despair. Hawks clearly believes that when worse comes to worse there will be a body of armed men - bound to each other through a higher code - that will stand their ground in defense of the weak. It succeeds of course because - despite the realities of modern American aggression and lack of compassion - the far majority of us would like to believe that as well. But beyond the ideological food for thought, Rio Bravo is also at heart a cracking Western. The scene where Colorado - on-the-draw - tosses a rifle to the outnumbered Chance is a real highlight for fans of movie \\"moments\\" and hey - the predictable musical showdown between Nelson and Dean Martin is not half as bad as you may expect. Effectively and creatively reworked in a violent urban setting by John Carpenter as Assault on Precinct 13, which jacked up the claustrophobic tension inherent to the premise but sacrificed the rich characterization of Hawks' original.
0792151712|5.0|This movie is fantastic ... and my second favorite movie is Remember The Titans! I watched that movie in my school class and it was great. but i like Titanic better! My favorite scene is The Flying Scene! ... Well i just all want yall' to buy this movie if yall dont already have it! im only 13 and titanic has been my favourite movie sence 1998 when i saw it.
B000059XUI|3.0|Superman 2 is a decent sequel to Superman but does not hold the magic of the original film. This is due to the absence of director Richard Donner who was fired by the Salkinds and replaced by Richard Lester and most of the original cast especially Marlon Brando. Even the music lost it's touch of grandness when they decided to remove John Williams. I saw the TV edit in the late eighties and it featured most of Donner's shot and those shots made Superman 2 more 'Superman'.The Superman 2 DVD was release in such a hurry, we only get a theatrical trailer as an extra. Hopefully one day, Warner will release Donner's cut of the movie with a fair amount of extras. Cross your fingers!
B000059QYB|5.0|Billy is back!!  This is a great compilation of his greatest hits from the 80's and includes a great remake of The Simple Minds &quot;(Don't You) Forget About Me&quot;.  He is fabulous in concert live if you have a chance to see him on his upcoming tour!
B00005B36H|4.0|For me, an album (or even movie) that loses interest for me is when I first play it and start to check my watch to see how long it'll be before the album (or movie) is over. And for a 79 minute album, this one didn't make me look at my watch once. Even though is has some songs that could easily be shortened, it doesn't detract too much from the whole listening experience.  I gotta give Tool credit for trying to do something different from the music out today (like Backstreet N'Sync 98 whatever) and making a solid album that proves that there's nothing wrong with having seven minute songs on an album, especially if they're good.
B00005B36H|5.0|It is also THE best music of the day. The Hammer of the Gods comes crashing down upon the House of Usher with the clarity and precision of Steely Dan, the composition of Yes, timing that pushes Neil Pert off of the envelope and the creativity of H.R. Giger. Although these crude comparisons are given, Tool truly stands alone with the production of this collaborative masterpiece.
0783225970|5.0|A fantastic piece of work by one of the world's best actors, Scarface is the fictional story of a Cuban refugee that comes to Miami at a time when the drug trade is prospering and takes full advantage. Joined by excellent performances by Robert Loggia, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Bauer and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Al Pacino sets the standard as the modern day gangster/druglord that has not been bettered since. <br />Pacino is Tony Montano, a petty criminal from Cuba who finds his way to the Miami coast and finds it to be ripe for those in his profession. His ambition drives him to work side by side with drug kingpins while his intelligence and greed forces him to overtake them. Eventually he is consumed by greed, wealth and ambition and dies climactically, his enemies having the final word.<br />Scarface is a remake of a famous 1932 movie starring Paul Muni. Known for legendary lines like &quot;say goodnight to the bad guy&quot; and &quot;Want to play? OK! Say hello to my little friend!&quot; that have become classics, Scarface is also said to be the role many actors are said to have tried at one time or another. If that's true I would love to see Tom Cruise or Jim Carrey in a remake.
B00003CXQX|5.0|Boom baby; Disney's gone FUNKY!  The Emperor's New Groove is a hilarious laugh riot ALL THE WAY THROUGH!  In my opinion, this is absolutely the FUNNIEST animated feature ever cranked out of the Disney Movie Machine - even funnier than Aladdin!  And although a lot of the humor in this comedy is geared for older kids and adults, my six year old is CRAZY about this latest addition to her Disney collection, having already watched it at least six times!<br />SO, WHAT HAPPENS IN THIS MOVIE:<br />Well,there's this totally obnoxious emperor who goes by the name of Kuzco (voiced by David Spade).  He cares not a wit about other's feelings, and expects to have whatever he wants, no matter who he has to step on to get it.  In his typically obnoxious way, he fires his long-time assistant Yzma (voiced by Earth Kitt) because she has TOO MANY WRINKLES! <br />Now Yzma, intend on revenge, tries to poison Kuzco with the aide of her big dufus of a henchman, Kronk (the funniest character of all)!  However, she mistakes Essence of Llama for poison, and turns the rude and overbearing Kuzco into a......well, you can guess what!<br />Now the rude and overbearing Llama (Kuzco)! meets up with Pacha, a pleasant peasant who Kuzco was going to take advantage of by throwing his family out of their home in order to build KUZCOTOPIA - a vacation paradise!  Despite their differences, though, Pacha and Kuzco must band together to get back to the castle, having many groovy adventures along the way.  In the end, Kuzco learns a very important lesson about kindness. (But of course; it's DISNEY, after all)!<br />WHAT'S MY FINAL WORD ON THE EMPEROR'S NEW GROOVE? It's great; it's groovy; it's funky and funny and clever.  Often times the movie even pokes fun of itself; in Mel Brooks sort of style.  David Spade is just PERFECT doing the obnoxious voice of Kuzco (well, he did always seem so obnoxious, himself, on Saterday Night Live)!  <br />Younger children, in the under five age group, may not be thrilled with this movie which is definitely more CLEVER than CUTE.  But for adults and &quot;older&quot; kids, The Emperor's New Groove gets TWO THUMBS UP!  Trust me, you will laugh at this one; no joke!
0790743132|5.0|If you are into old movies you must have this one!  Also if you have any other Bogart movies you will enjoy this tape very much.  It is totally intense and has some funny lines.  I reccomend it!
B00005B36H|5.0|TOOL - is simply on the edge of evolution. They have laid out in layers, some of the best, most intellectual and esoteric music ever. Never underestimating their fans intelligence this band just delivers it all. People who don't get it.... are just missing it. Spiral out... keep going... spiral out... just picture yourself growing, expanding, rocketing along the end of an arm of the Milky Way....and when the bass rolls in... it's just impossible to describe..... This is a fantastic album.
0792156684|1.0|I remember seeing this movie in the theater like twice in 1998. I liked it for my first time but it has gotten really boring and stupid after seeing it twice. The reason why I hate it is because I hated the way that they put Leonardo DiCaprio in the movie. This movie doesn't seem to be like a true story it seems more like a romance. I'm not much of a big romance fan but when I saw it in the theater and when Leonardo was on the screen all the girls were cheering for him just because they think he's hot or something. It really got on my nerves because I was trying to pay attention to the movie. Anyways even though if I don't like Leonardo DiCaprio I thought he did a great job playing Jack Dawson in the movie. Even Kate Winslet did a fantastic job too. The score is great and the song from Titanic is good but after hearing it a million times from the radio it gets really old. This is one reason why I give Titanic one star because to me I think it's a stupid movie. If your a girl I think you'll like this movie because of Leonardo DiCaprio or is because the movie looks good but if not don't waste your time. I would rent this movie as a date movie if you really want to see it. Thanks for reading!
B00005B36H|5.0|TOOL - is simply on the edge of evolution. They have laid out in layers, some of the best, most intellectual and esoteric music ever. Never underestimating their fans intelligence this band just delivers it all. People who don't get it.... are just missing it. Spiral out... keep going... spiral out... just picture yourself growing, expanding, rocketing along the end of an arm of the Milky Way....and when the bass rolls in... it's just impossible to describe..... This is a fantastic album.
B000020617|1.0|This used to be my favorite band. I never got tired of The Colour and the Shape but I cannot even listen to this cd. &quot;Stacked Actors&quot; is probably one of their best songs but all the others either suck or are just ok. I don't mind if they want to change their style as long as the songs are still good, and they are not. I sold my copy.
B000001Y79|5.0|The way No Doubt plays with and weaves the different song styles, using the vast variety of instruments, like the steel drums in spiderwebs, the ragtime piano and horns used to brilliant effect in excuse me mr., the new wave keyboard sounds in just a girl, the sitar in hey you, the wah-wahs and horns in different people, the beautiful turnofthecentury-style music sappiness of the climb, the raggae keyboards in sunday morning with the pulsating riff, the disco guitar and clapping in you can do it, the satanic symphonic roaring in tragic kingdom... what was i saying?  man!  and the various horns used in every song along with all the other ones!  and it is very impressive how the gorgeous california colors tinted into the photos of the jacket and back truly define every single song.  you could play any one of the songs while looking at the cd cover and theres a connection.  and the balance of colors is just genius... its a beautiful cd, both musically and visually, and there really hasnt been any cd as perfect as this that i have ever heard or seen. LONG LIVE NO DOUBT!!
B00005BL2A|5.0|Depeche Mode has yet again come up with a new sound to shape the new decade. Exciter sounds fresh and new. At the same time, though their sound on this album is quite different from previous albums (and that's the way, it should be!)this is yet again classic DM. Depeche Mode have always been a very innovative band and  they have always produced a sound of their very own. That's why they are true artists and not some boy band, trendy rockgroup, or big hair rock band. Depeche Mode has influenced many sounds that we hear today in music from hip-hop to techno and they will continue to do so. They are not afraid to go in new directions unlike other bands. Bravo!
B00005BL2A|5.0|Id just like to say to all that boring people trapped in the eighties, taht are rating this album with one star that why dont, in that case, keep buying cds from back street boys, or maybe limp bizkit perhaps, no, wait aerosmith??? well something like that, poor people, you all used to be fans from depeche mode. Just try to look forward another kind of music, thats my advice...... To all the rest of the people, this album is very good, excelent sounds, songwritting and voices......... buy it!!!, after violator, Exciter is their second best album....
B00005AAFS|5.0|One word: BRUTAL!<br />Rammstein is a unique band, I have never heard a band like this. Their latest CD simply rules! <br />It's one of the few CD's I know I could pop in, choose a song at random, and be sure that I will hear a great song! most artists release CD's with couple of good songs, and the rest of the songs are there just to fill in the empty space, well, not Rammstein! Not only are the songs powerful and downright brutal, but they are also beautiful!<br />These people are freaking geniuses!
B00005BL2A|3.0|I know Depeche Mode has had its problems and from the sound of the CD is sounds positive. However, not many songs cut the track in my book. I have been a Depeche Mode fan for a long time. However, in this case I have been somewhat dissapointed in the songs they produced for this CD. The songs towards the end of the CD are nothing more than a &quot;space waster&quot;. If you liked some of the songs from the &quot;Love &amp; Devotion&quot; CD, then you will be disappointed. If you liked the &quot;Ultra&quot; CD then you may like this one.
0385484518|4.0|This book encouraged me to live better and to die better. To be a better daughter and a better mother. This book also taught me to loosen up a little and let go of some of my stereotypes about how life should be. I think this book will continue changing me for years to come. I really think it was a great read and the reason I don't give 5 stars to this book is that I think only books such as One Hundred Years of Solitude should get 5 stars.
0452282152|4.0|Chevalier engages the reader in the creation of this painting by developing a fictional character as the subject and expounding on Vermeer's style as an artist.  The historical account surrounding the lives of subject and artist adds a whole new dimension to the work itself, giving the reader some insight into the reason the portrait may have been painted and how it was most likely influenced by social, religious and economic factors of the time. Chevalier has been immensely creative in so carefully weaving history, fact and fiction to create this book.  Save the stuffy art history books - I think every work of art should have such a wonderful, believable story behind it - fictional or not!
B00004Z459|5.0|ok first of all this Cd Rocks I listen to the cd all th time and i havn't taken it out of my cd player for.....well the day i bought it it is a kinda like 311's rap/rock style and just for you gulible people Linkin park changed their name from hybird theory because another band named hybird theory was going to sue (there first cd's name was linin park...feturing carousel and High Voltage also the band is from Lincoln park cal.) Over all this cd is a great buy some of the best songs include Papercut With you Runaway pushing me away and In the end,but Every song is worth listening to.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I have been a devoted DM fan since the spring of 1984.  I have tattooed their name to my body.  Depeche Mode has evolved into something beautiful over the past 20 years.  I hope that they will continue to be successful.  Despite lack of radio play and the standard commercialism--they have maintained a solid foundation with their fans.  Their critics basically have egg on their faces because DM is still HERE!  The band took their time to make this album and it shows.  It's all heart &amp; soul and by no means they're not trying to win a popularity contest.  Best wishes to Dave, Martin and Andy.  Hopefully, someday they will have a reunion tour with Alan Wilder........:)
0780021967|5.0|This sophisticated and amusing spy melodrama is full of wit and charged with suspense under the cool, calm and assured direction from Alfred Hitchcock. It is probably his best film made during his British period prior to his coming to the United States. The hero Robert Donat was the consummate professional of his time projecting screen magnetism and genuine warmth. The innocent Donat gets pulled into espionage activities where Madeleine Carroll has him mistaken for a criminal. Mistaken identities, narrow escapes and cross-country pursuits highlight this film. This reoccurring theme and the film's dialogue set the stage for Hitchcock's future spy melodramas.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I have been a devoted DM fan since the spring of 1984.  I have tattooed their name to my body.  Depeche Mode has evolved into something beautiful over the past 20 years.  I hope that they will continue to be successful.  Despite lack of radio play and the standard commercialism--they have maintained a solid foundation with their fans.  Their critics basically have egg on their faces because DM is still HERE!  The band took their time to make this album and it shows.  It's all heart &amp; soul and by no means they're not trying to win a popularity contest.  Best wishes to Dave, Martin and Andy.  Hopefully, someday they will have a reunion tour with Alan Wilder........:)
0452282152|2.0|I was really excited to get this book and read it. I started it right away and was promptly dissapointed. This book is BORING! I am suprised I stayed awake long enough to finsh it. I don't know were everyone is getting all this stuff about this book being great. I did not see the point of this book. In one word, yuck.
B00005BL2A|4.0|I have been a devoted DM fan since the spring of 1984.  I have tattooed their name to my body.  Depeche Mode has evolved into something beautiful over the past 20 years.  I hope that they will continue to be successful.  Despite lack of radio play and the standard commercialism--they have maintained a solid foundation with their fans.  Their critics basically have egg on their faces because DM is still HERE!  The band took their time to make this album and it shows.  It's all heart &amp; soul and by no means they're not trying to win a popularity contest.  Best wishes to Dave, Martin and Andy.  Hopefully, someday they will have a reunion tour with Alan Wilder........:)
B00005B36H|5.0|No amount of words from the english volcabulary can describe the wonders of Tool. Their fourth album lateralus was worth the five wait after Anemia. Maynard's experience from A Perfect Circle really has influenced and improved his vocals and it shows in lateralus. Danny has also emphasised his drumming by the use of his double kick more in this album since opiate. Also Adams amazing spectacular riffs have given this album the TOOL factor also bass player Justin obviously has been practising as his bass playing in this album is outstanding. Overall Lateralus is an album suited best to those who have been listening to tool for a whole, those who just started liking Tool as a band it is a wise choice to start with opiate and then the following three albums, to really experience the incredible sound of what is Tool.
B00005BL2A|1.0|No one was looking forward to this album more than I was.  I have just finished listening to the CD from beginning to end and I can think of only one word--&quot;Uninspired!&quot;  There is not one song on this album that I wish to hear again.  In the past, DM has provided solid music with variety.  &quot;Ultra&quot; was such a promising return to the scene from a group that had been silent for years.  From the gritty &quot;Barrel of a gun&quot; to the solemn tone of &quot;Home&quot;, &quot;Ultra&quot; truly delivered.  But the music in this recent offering was colorless, leaving the listener with a flavor reminiscent of trading card gum!
B00005B36H|5.0|No amount of words from the english volcabulary can describe the wonders of Tool. Their fourth album lateralus was worth the five wait after Anemia. Maynard's experience from A Perfect Circle really has influenced and improved his vocals and it shows in lateralus. Danny has also emphasised his drumming by the use of his double kick more in this album since opiate. Also Adams amazing spectacular riffs have given this album the TOOL factor also bass player Justin obviously has been practising as his bass playing in this album is outstanding. Overall Lateralus is an album suited best to those who have been listening to tool for a whole, those who just started liking Tool as a band it is a wise choice to start with opiate and then the following three albums, to really experience the incredible sound of what is Tool.
0385501560|5.0|\\"We spend our lives letting the world tell us who we are. Sane or Insane. Saints or sex addicts. Heros or victims. Letting history tell us how good or bad we are. Letting our past decide our future. Or we can decide for ourselves. And maybe its our job to invent something better.\\" Palahniuk never ceases to inspire. Behind all the satire. Behind his often hillirous look at life and the little things that make us human, or at least the views that he portrays in his unforgetable characters, Palahniuk, never stops to apologize, and there no reason to because he writes the truth in it most crulest of ways. \\"People sit home and watch Friends, because they have no Friends.\\" I dare you to read any Palahniuk book, be it, Fight Club, Survivior, IM, or Choke, and not be inspired to do something better with yourself. Improve yourself. Create something. Destroy something. Do Something with yourself other than sit in front of a mind-numbing television set, and dream about the life you could have, get off your \\"\\" and do something! At least that's what I get out of Palahniuk work. Since the first time I picked up Fight Club, I was hooked, his words are like heroin to me. I've lost track how many times I've read that book, and Survivor. IM about four times. There are many messages in Chuck's work, some hidden, some in your face, some crammed down your throat, and forced into the pit of your stomach. The most important message, in seemingly all his works, is do something with yourself other than waste away precious brain cells in this repetitive world as we know it, we all have a talent for something, find yours, and make it happen, for yourself, and nobody else.   I predict that Chuck will be a household name after his next book Lullabye comes out, and after the movie adaptation of Survivor comes out, and possibly an Invisible Monsters movie. Everybody will know who Chuck is, good or bad, that I don't know. Loved or hated, probably both, but do yourself a favor and read his works now while he's got his little cult following, this way a few years down the road, when everybodies on the literary band wagon, you can laugh and tell everyone, \\"I TOLD YOU SO.\\" Buy this book, read it more than once. Save yourself, and find your place. \\"Because nothing is as perfect as you imagine it,\\" I'll shut up now.
0790739909|3.0|&quot;Angel Limited Involvement Rule:  Modern movie angels mostly seem to visit Earth to smoke cigarettes, eat pizza, and show what regular Joes they are.  Although famine, war, disease, and higher prices torment the globe, they solve such problems as a guy who has stopped dating because he has lost his faith in women.&quot;-- Ebert's Bigger Little Movie Glossary, p. 7.<br />This is a very interesting movie, and I'm not sure what to say.  It came after the 1996 remake of &quot;The Preacher's Wife&quot; and &quot;Michael,&quot; and is one of those angelic involvement movies, which are all chips off of &quot;It's a Wonderful Life's&quot; block.  As Ebert points out, most of the angels are really a bunch of sluffs that are just switching from a celestial slum to a terrestrial slum.  A moderate change of scenery.  But this film has a slightly different feel to it.  On to the Review!<br />ACTING:  Nicholas Cage does a wonderful job of acting in this movie.  I think I have finally burnt over the images of Cage in &quot;Raising Arizona,&quot; which was his &quot;Buckaroo Banzai.&quot;  The thing to watch is his face:  he doesn't look like a delicate 1980's-&quot;glam rock&quot; delicate angel, but he does convey a sense of wonder.  His eyes are always wide open, and his eyebrow are raised in a perpetual quizzical look.  He conveys the wonder of humanity.  Meg Ryan is there in the background and does a professional job.  They interact well in this starting to be stereotypical &quot;Mulder and Scully&quot; set up where the man is the believer and the woman is the skeptic.  In real world it is always the opposite.<br />STORY:  Yon read about fallen angels in the Bible, but this does not follow the Biblical pattern, since Satan was the head of the fallen angels (Revelation Chapter 13 or Isaiah chapter 14).  It is more of a &quot;fall forward.&quot;  In &quot;War and Peace,&quot; Tolstoy speculates that before our birth, we were all angels and had lived forever before we were born.  The movie follows that general current, where an angel is given the freedom of will to become a human, a trade off from living a celestial, though incomplete and pain-free life, to become human, and have a complete and pain filled life.  Apparently, the opposition of pain and pleasure is a step forward.  This seems the essence of humanity, since not only did the angels fall, but man fall, and according to Christian theology, God became man.<br />As you suspect, the fallen, or progressed, angel falls in love with the human and experiences life, bot love and muggings, sunshine and rain.  The problems is that the movie ends a bit too soon.  It would be nice to see Seth Plate and Nathaniel Messenger in a film set twenty years after Seth's fall and to see what he has to say about life.  Can you really comment about life after only living a day or so?  Talk to some veterans this memorial day, and let them tell you about life, or any nonagenarian or centenarian you happen to meet.<br />ETHICS:  This film has an ethical side to it.  The shallow side of the question is :  &quot;When, if ever is it prober to break up an engagement?&quot;  Several other films deal with this subject (Titanic, Princess Bride), and the consensus seem to be that anything is legal and lawful if it is done in the name of love.  In the real world, this is actually annoying--try it sometime, and see if you don't end up in court.  I wonder why Hollywood likes this motif of breaking up an engagement in the name of love.<br />Another ethical question is the question of human existence, a stable but un-progressing existence versus an unstable but progressive system.  We all experience both pain and pleasure, and it seems like too much pain and not enough pleasure.  (This is the refined pleasure I'm talking about, what you get from hearing Handel's Watermusic, not sensual pleasure of saccharin or pornography.  That never satisfies anyone.)  So is this the best of all possible worlds?  I's say yes.  You can have a stable machine-like existence, but you don't have a soul really until you feel pain.  No ecstasy without agony.  That is the problem with junkies--they live for sensation, but they don't have a life.<br />You see this with Nathaniel Messenger.  After his fall, he gets married and has a family and a stable job.  Good Citizen!  But he also becomes a glutton and expresses himself by tattoos.  Well, anyone can get a tattoo.  That isn't very meaningful or difficult.  But raising a family is rather difficult and isn't for cowards.  Yes, food and tattoos are part of life, but that is not the essence of humanity.<br />Lastly, is the point of existence really copulation?  One again, Hollywood says yes (Bicentennial Man, Peggy Sue Got Married).  But why is the meaning of life to be found in abed or in a red light district.  Something strange is afoot since we tend to laugh at people who are over-sexed.  It would have been ice to see Cage raise a family like Nathaniel Messenger.  Just Cage and Ryan would be a lonely family.<br />TWIST AT END:  I didn't see it coming.  Yes, it seems a bit formulaic, but sonnets are formulaic too--same rhyme scheme, same numbers of lines.  But that didn't stop Shakespeare or Camoens, or Browning, now did it!<br />ODDS AND ENDS:  I like how the movie showed the other angels in the background.  So we are not really alone, and neither are the angels.  A nice touch was the diversity of races among the angels, having the same variety in heaven as in earth.  Andre Braugher (Cassiel) is wonderful as a mentor.  He is not as intense as Samuel Jackson or Laurence Fishburn, and appeared quite calm as his angel was struggling with the question of falling.  Although I though it was predictable to have an African-America as the mentor.  It is part of the new Hollywood trend of having a &quot;Black Man's Burden&quot; of educating the whites (See The Legend of Bagger Vance, Bedazzled, Family Man.  Sam Jackson on the Jedi Counsel is NOT &quot;Black Man's Burden&quot;-- his role could have been played by any race, any gender, or even a muppet).ou can have a stable machine-like existence, but you don't have a soul really until you feel pain.  No ecstasy without agony.  That is the problem with junkies--they live for sensation, but they don't have a life.<br />You see this with Nathaniel Messenger.  After his fall, he gets married and has a family and a stable job.  Good Citizen!  But he also becomes a glutton and expresses himself by tattoos.  Well, anyone can get a tattoo.  That isn't very meaningful or difficult.  But raising a family is rather difficult and isn't for cowards.  Yes, food and tattoos are part of life, but that is not the essence of humanity.<br />Lastly, is the point of existence really copulation?  One again, Hollywood says yes (Bicentennial Man, Peggy Sue Got Married).  But why is the meaning of life to be found in abed or in a red light district.  Something strange is afoot since we tend to laugh at people who are over-sexed.  It would have been ice to see Cage raise a family like Nathaniel Messenger.  Just Cage and Ryan would be a lonely family.<br />TWIST AT END:  I didn't see it coming.  Yes, it seems a bit formulaic, but sonnets are formulaic too--same rhyme scheme, same numbers of lines.  But that didn't stop Shakespeare or Camoens, or Browning, now did it!<br />ODDS AND ENDS:  I like how the movie showed the other angels in the background.  So we are not really alone, and neither are the angels.  A nice touch was the diversity of races among the angels, having the same variety in heaven as in earth.  Andre Braugher (Cassiel) is wonderful as a mentor.  He is not as intense as Samuel Jackson or Laurence Fishburn, and appeared quite calm as his angel was struggling with the question of falling.  Although I though it was predictable to have an African-America as the mentor.  It is part of the new Hollywood trend of having a &quot;Black Man's Burden&quot; of educating the whites (See The Legend of Bagger Vance, Bedazzled, Family Man.  Sam Jackson on the Jedi Counsel is NOT &quot;BlackMan's Burden&quot;-- his role could have been played by any race, any gender, or even a muppet).
B00005B36H|3.0|Salival was an indicator that they didnt care much anymore. I prefer a perfect circle, this album is stuck somewhere between undertow and a perfect circle, but it still cant touch Aenima, its good. But After listening a couple of times I realize that its not their best. Not that it has to be. Just that it could have been better, it sounds like a b side compliation. Awesome b sides, but still, something is missing.
0380973634|5.0|Neil Gaiman, one of the most gifted writers of this age, certainly did not fail to deliver with his novel Neverwhere. Every bit as creative as the work he did with Good Omens, it takes you into the very heart of darkness of London, creating all the intricate supporting characters and alternative realites one could want. From the skittish charcter of the young girl, Door, who knows know bounds, Hunter, the enigmatic warrior, to the poor bloke, Richard Mayhew, who gets caught in the middle. A very fast-paced read with the feel of Dark City, this book comes with my highest reccomendation.
0780021967|5.0|The 39 Steps is a prelude to North by NorthWest, Notorious, Spellbound and any other romatnic-thriller of Hitchcock's invention.  It is a brilliatn film and criterions transfer of it shines.  Alot of people say that Gone With The Wind set the bench mark for snappy dialogue but it is truly this film.  The banter between the two leads is pure genius and the exterior shots are breathtaking.  This film is even better than North by Northwesr for the pure fact that the acting seem to flow more easily.  In North by Northwest the film is pure fantasy all popping colors and Grant looking at ease in every situation of danger. but in The 39 Steps Donat seems more believeable and the fact that the film seem to have the film-noir touch only helps in the drama of it all.  This film is poerfect in my opnion and I own more than my share of cinema.
B00000JGEI|4.0|In the most explosive and anticipated sequal in years, three great actors light up the screen with their tremendous performances on top of eye-popping special effects. Arnold Schwarzenegger is the invincible machine, sent back in time to the present day by his creator...to help him change the future as a child (Edward Furlong). His mother Sara Conner, played excellently again by Linda Hamilton, is committed for preaching words of the terrible war and death that await the Earth. With the Terminator's help, Furlong helps his mother escape...only for the three to battle a more complex time-traveling machine. A machine that frighteningly aquires the uniform of a policeman. The advanced T1000 played by Robert Patrick, is a vitually- indestructable killer sent back in time to keep the future as it is. I feel ridiculous reviewing a movie like this, because it was so perfectly done and thrilling in every sense, everybody has to see it for themselves. Forget terrible movies with good special effects, this flick was so ahead of it's time at the box office and is still today THE most talked about action-packed thriller. I think every person should see and own this movie, in my opinion it's the best film Hamilton or Schwarzenegger have ever done.
0780622553|5.0|I love this film!!  Alot of people dont get it.  They complain that it has no substance and it leaves them feeling cold. I disagree this film is a send up of my favorite genre of cinema-FILM NOIR!!!!  Proyas uses almost every element from that genre in his Dark City.  WE have the femme fatale, the miss-guided male lead, the cloaked bad guys and the worn out detective who just wants a break.  IF you truly love film noir every in-joke in this film you will catch and the city inside a city idea is brilliant and the Matrix owes it's box office to that fact.  I don't know why this film didn't do better at the box office but it is one of the best films ever made and needs to be seen by everyone who loves films
B000002HJD|5.0|Somehow I was lucky enough to receive this C.D.  It contains many, many beautiful poems and songs by Jim Morisson, and there's some added music by the rest of the Doors. This is a MUST for anyone who truly appreciated Jim as an artist, and poet, not just a singer. He is spectacular.
B00000ILDE|5.0|This film is leaps and bounds above the original!!  In terms of action: Cameron turns the landscape into a giant connect four game board of catch between the crew members and the Aliens. And script: the dialogue is less forced and more cohesive. Acting: The real part of this review.  This film has to be owned fjust for this fact.  Weaver was the first actor to be nominated for an action flick and she undeservedly lost.  BY the Cameron giving her more screen time and a mother's insticnt thanks to Newt, you have to be insane not to notice her performance.  Her physical nature make Hamilton In T2 look lie lara Flyn Boyle.  This is the perfect action film with some of the most meomorable dialogue if film history.
B00003CXDZ|4.0|Baz Lurmann has crafted an intoxicating mess from musicals, movies, pop songs, and romances each of us know by heart.  His movie jumps off the screen, and is unlike any other movie I have ever seen.  No matter how you respond to the truly dizzying camera work, the off-kilter, obvious sets, and the often painfully obvious love story, you cannot deny the spectacular artistic vision of the creator.  To boot, Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor are enchanting, and they invest 100% into their crossed-lovers roles; they sing (well!) and they look ravishing.  The jaw-dropping arrangements of such familiar pop fare as Your Song, Roxanne, Up Where We Belong, and many, many others, is somehow simultaneously hilarious and entirely appropriate in this anachronistic, created world that has nothing to do with Paris in 1900.  More an over-the-top music video in style and substance than a feature length film, this movie nevertheless does revive the musical film -- the music and the chemistry of the stars draw you in at every turn.  And the tributes paid to the pop poetry of Elton John and many others makes the words and music glow with a new light.  Baz's hat is tipped often to such enduring classics as The Sound Of Music and La Boheme; the choreography and sheer dazzle are often overhwhelming and so glittery and crazily shot that they give you the sensation of being on a rollercoaster that is turning upside down.  To the movie's credit, it is hard to shake the dark, swirling camera from your head once you have been to this Moulin Rouge.
6304698542|5.0|This film is so damn atmospheric it's creepy. Fosse was becoming known as a great director at the time this film was made and rightfully so. The opening number alone is pure bliss. And even though characters were added and songs replaced it doesn't diminish this film from the stage production in the least. Liza is truly a damn good actress who was never truly appreciated. Her performance is so heart-tugging that it makes your hair stand on end. But the basis for this film isn't romance but the deconstruction of it. From the begining the images are striking and harsh even when a beautiful number is sung the lighting/dancing is never truly expressed and that is what life is and Fosse knew it all along-that no matter how free you say you are with your persona nobody wants their life out in the open for all to see. Life is cabaret and that's where we all live, inside one. Lit just enough so we let people peer in but dark enough to hide our most telling emotions. A must own! The lessons Sally Bowles (Minnelli) learns and lives through whilw working in the sexualy charged Kit Kat Klub are only matched by the growing power of the Nazi party that is grwoing around her in 1931 Berlin!
B00005B36H|5.0|To the drums, guitars, and vocals the sound is mesmorizing.  Tool's album Lateralus gives us inch to inch great music.  It shows that everyone in the band has a part and that no one has to play the same crap.  Many of the songs are over six minutes but every note played is astonishing and wanting me to hear more.  Maynard has one of the best voices in the world.  If I could live in a record it would be this one.  Hope to see the movie.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window is one of Alfred hitchcock's best films. The opening shot of the community is hard to believe that it's not NYC!, but a back-lot at the studios where the picture was filmed. But this is more than just a film its Hitchcock's autobigraphical celluloid version of his life! Hitchcock wasn't a pleasent man, he was very sardonic and on several occasions was very cruel to the people who worked with him even going as far as to chain a camera man over night to a camera and give him coffee laced with ex lax before hand! Even the films characters are based on people he hated for instance in the film Burr looks ever so much like Selznick the notorious producer who brought Hitchcock over from England and watched over him with a hawks eye. But as it stand the film is a perfect thriller the only downer is Stewart with his shirt off!! Kelly looks amazing as usal though she was never the best actress in hollywood she was one of the best movie stars. Stewart plays a photographer stuck in a wheelchair with a broken leg. After time he becomes obsessed with the ongoing lives of his neighbors peering in on them with a zoom lensed camera. When he believes he witnessed a murder across the yard he tells his elitest girlfriend grace Kelly about it who in turn gets wrapped up in the world of voyeristic pleasure. The plot tsists and turns so tightly around the stroy that sweat and confusion pours out of your pours! The climax is jus eye popping! Flashes of color admist a darken room as teh suspected killer finally caomes out of the shadows to bump Stewart off! Hitchcock never takes you inside of the houses he leaves always on the outside looking in on everything. Rather it's a lonely woman trying to kill herself or a loose dance who has more male friends than all of New York City. hitchcock makes you look through Stewart lense and turns you not into Stewart but a pervert out for a night of arousal!
B00005BJ2O|5.0|The soundtrack lets you recapture the movie 100 % which I thinhg is most important for a soundtrack. The final completion of a masterpiece. Nicole and Ewan are outstanding performers.
6304806418|4.0|Ok this film is damn good if not great.  Madonna wasnt the original choice Gloria Estefan was but Parker and the studio heads though tshe wasn't bankable and went with Madonna.  Who had to take voice lessons- finally!  The results are worth it madonna is not an actress and never will be-she just doesnt have the presence. She has built this persona as MADONNA that you cant see her as anything else and the definition of an actor is to be a chameleon.  But What she does here is give you the best video of her career she mourns at you and begs for you ta accept he rinterpertaion of the materials.  And i do accept it. Bandeas is good here if not a bit overwhelming but the true star here is the cinematography.  THe funeral walk to the train arriving in Argentina is a masterpiece and was oscar nominated-it should have won!  It's a great movie and deserves to be watched and sung aloud with friends once you all know the songs
0618135871|1.0|Whatever Mr. Roth might once have had as an interesting and innovative writer, it's not here.  The writing was so trite and the prose so purple I was offended even, and embarrassed for the author.
B00004RF98|5.0|Kelly is at his second best when it comes to his dancing here if you want to see that Kelly watch An Amercian In paris. But if you wanna see Kelly at his overall best buy this film.  Evryone knows the plot boy meets girl, girl disses boy, boy gets girl, problems with life and career and EVERYBODY SING!!  But it's the problem with life and career that gives Rain its snap.  it follows in the same vein as All About Eve as it attacks the film industry but it does so in an even nastier way-it mocks its own genre of film(musicals) to mock Hollywood. Kelly also co-directed this film to good affect but obviousily Donen was in charge.  All the actors are at their foot tappin best and O'Connor steals the film with his brain tattooing number &quot;Make 'em laugh&quot; Reyonlds to is a delight but at the time Kelly hated her and gave her hell on set(he felt she was a scene stealer). But the film is a classic and everytime he walks Reynolds home adn the opening to &quot;Signing In The Rain&quot; begins to swell the volume on my TV goes up and my face always lights up in amazement of the lyrics, Kelly's voice and his dancing.  this movie is a joy to watch and complete misery if you don't have it.
0688170528|5.0|I finished reading &quot;The Pact&quot; last night; truly one of the best stories I've read in a very long time.  I actually got annoyed several times when I had to put it down to do something else:  like work, or some sleep.  The alternating chapters of &quot;now&quot; and &quot;then&quot; was the perfect sequence of character development.  The sub-title of &quot;A Love Story&quot; was a profound description of the Hartes and Golds.  Truly a deceptive title; not a mushy, sappy love story as we all know as the norm.  This story touched me and showed how the power of love has so many consequences.
0780021967|5.0|The 39 Steps is a prelude to North by NorthWest, Notorious, Spellbound and any other romatnic-thriller of Hitchcock's invention.  It is a brilliatn film and criterions transfer of it shines.  Alot of people say that Gone With The Wind set the bench mark for snappy dialogue but it is truly this film.  The banter between the two leads is pure genius and the exterior shots are breathtaking.  This film is even better than North by Northwesr for the pure fact that the acting seem to flow more easily.  In North by Northwest the film is pure fantasy all popping colors and Grant looking at ease in every situation of danger. but in The 39 Steps Donat seems more believeable and the fact that the film seem to have the film-noir touch only helps in the drama of it all.  This film is poerfect in my opnion and I own more than my share of cinema.
B00000AFWZ|5.0|Forget everything you've read and heard about The Ramones inventing punk rock, and that's not a knock on them (believe me I love them!).  Punk rock began in basements and garages across America back in the 60's as thousands (maybe millions) of kids first discovered the power and beauty of plugging a guitar into an amplifier.  Lovingly designed, compiled, and documented by the reissue gods at Rhino, this box set stands head and shoulders over any box set ever (that's right, ever) released anywhere.  Essentially an expanded (and I do mean expanded) version of the double album version compiled by Lenny Kaye and released on vinyl back in the early 1970's, you won't find one clunker amongst the four discs contained within.  You can't rightfully stake your claim as a rock and roll lover without this set in your collection.  Rightfully deserves more than a five star rating.  Perfect...
B00005AXEL|5.0|What can I say about the best cd by Stevie Nicks that I have ever heard.  The 7 years was worth the wait because this cd totally rocks.  Stevie's voice is in great form and these songs are some of the best in the world.  There are no bad songs on this cd.   My personal favorites are: Trouble In Shangri-la, Candlebright, Love Changes, I Miss You, Fall From Grace and Love Is.  Love Is w/Sarah Mclachlan is the most beautiful song.  This song will bring a tear to your eye.   Stevie is back and ready to take over the world.  This cd is definitley worthy of grammy's.  ROCK ON GOLD DUST WOMAN!!
0792843584|5.0|I first saw the original and horribly maimed version of this movie twenty years ago. I was a youngster then and did not quite like it. Now, when I see the full version ( or is it?... what happened during those twenty years since graduation to Wyoming? )I cannot stop wondering what made critics be so cruel to Michael Cimino and his movie. Was it the fact of dealing with an uncomfortable theme to the classic image of the American people? Was it its lenght or cost? But how could they miss things that were so revolutionary as the color and the way he got it ( long before Spielberg's Private Ryan ), the mingling of voices with all other sounds ( now quite common ), the psychological depth of the characters, the exceptional photographic work, and so on, and so on... I wish someone would give Mike Cimino again all the money he would want to make a film, in order for all of us, true Cinema fans, to get a brief glimpse as to what movies will be, in twenty years time.
6305718954|4.0|...Two Commanding Leads (Patricia Arquette and Gabriel Byrne) and Stylish Directing by Rupert Wainwright. \\"Stigmata\\" Rises above the Ordinary and gives it's audience Thrills, Chills, Well Developed Characters and an Interesting Premise. <br />Patricia Arquette plays Frankie Paige, a Confessed Atheist who has been Suffering a series of Attacks, which leave Markings that resemble Jesus' Wounds before his Death on the Cross. Gabriel Byrne plays a Vatican Investigator who is sent to America to find out the Truth, or the Cause behind these markings.<br />The story is Immediately Intriguing, as is the film, which is Captivating from the Pre-Credit Sequence. It Greatly Differs from the Horror movies released around it (\\"End of Days\\" and \\"Sleepy Hollow\\") as it deals more with the Religious aspects more Realistically and Ultimately it's more a story about Good than it is about Evil.<br />Wainwright's Music Video-ish Directing style keeps the film Rolling at a Brisk Pace, his Visual Style is Always Eye-Catching and he directs the Actors well. Jonathon Pryce, Nia Long, Rade Serbedzija and Portia De Rossi appear in the Supporting cast but they aren't given much to do, Byrne and Arquette Rarely leave the screen, which is a Good thing as watching their relationship grow Past a Doctor/Patient relationship is one of the films Great Joys.<br />\\"Stigmata\\" Really wouldn't have worked without the Chemistry between Arquette and Byrne, their Great Performances, and such High-Powered Directing by Wainwright. These three Element Raise the film out of the Ordinary and make it that much Better, they make a Forgettable Popcorn flick a Memorable film.
B00005ASOC|5.0|The old theme of redemption through friendship gets quite a curious approach here. Put together an old actor that is acting better and better with age ( Sean Connery ), a promising youngster ( Rob Brown ), a good Director, and two classical passions of the USA ( baseball and victory through merit ) and what do you get? ... an excellent and entertaining movie that catches your attention from beggining to end. I wish some Directors could learn from this. Special applause to Sean Connery. His underacting is a lesson to all movie fans.
0871137380|5.0|Excellent book.  In my opinion the best written book on modern warfare on the shelf today.  Mark Bowden has an uncanny way of putting you right in the shoes of the individual soldiers in combat.  You feel the frustration, you feel the anger and you feel the pain in each page.  It shows you that soldiers aren't machines, they are the people right next door, fighting battles daily across the world to keep it free from tyrannical dictators. Once you pick this book up, it's hard to put it down.
B000059ZLH|4.0|Realmente he pasado viendo este Dvd con la boca abierta, que concierto, que msicos y que virtuosismo!, pero vale la pena preguntar porque un dvd de esta categora no sea 5.1, el sonido es bueno pero pudo haber sido mejor, lo que llama la atencin es que las \\"delete scenes\\", tienen un mejor sonido que el propio concierto y tambin los cortos musicales que pasan en medio de las entrevistas tienen tambin mejor calidad de sonido, en la parte de video no pudo haber sido mejor, las tomas son buensimas y con gran profesionalismo; con lo que a los msicos se refiere no hay palabras para describirlos solo pocas que dicen mucho, Petrucci: increblemente asombroso, Portnoy: tcnicamente sorprendente, Myung: mas que excelente msico, Rudess: los tres y mas calificativos anteriores y LaBrie: un buen cantante con muy buena voz pero que en algunos casos la vocalizacin no va en relacin con lo musical aunque su voz tenga un buen tono (una opinin muy personal). Realmente es un concierto que vale la pena adquirirlo para seguir afirmando que no hay ningn otro grupo que se compara a Dream Theater en su genero. (y talvez ni en otros genero de rock).
0553573403|4.0|I see where a reviewer below faulted A GAME OF THRONES for being so chock-full of &quot;tragedy, bloodshed, cruelty, death, rape, incest, drunkeness, murder, (and) infanticide.&quot;<br />Heh.  Where I come from, that's a five-star recommendation.<br />Glibness aside, the person has a point.  A GAME OF THRONES is indeed a graphic, viciously unsentimental novel.  It features all the offenses listed above and more besides.  It revels in them.<br />Can't you people see?  That's the *point.*<br />The writers of heroic fantasy like to write about huge and epic struggles between capital-letter Good and Evil.  Yet over and over again they demonstrate only the most puerile understanding of what good and evil actually are.  In their blinkered, constrained little worlds, &quot;evil&quot; consists of sitting in a dank tower all day sending orcs or demons or what-have-you after the Crampon of Justice or some similarly-named hogwash artifact.  Not even the darkest of their generic Dark Lords would be caught boffing his own sister or murdering a child (much less get away with it), and in that fundamentally nonsensical bit of characterization lies the crux of their problem: by sticking horns and a lightning staff onto a one-dimensional pulp villain and calling it Ultimate Evil, they cheapen and debase *real* good and evil.<br />I'm sure most of these writers realize this perfectly well; the problem is that they're writing to one of the most idiotically attenuated audiences on the face of the planet, people who really want to read the same book over and over ad infinitum with just enough variation from the template to create the illusion of difference.  It's a sad state of affairs when we consider that fantasy, which should rightly be the domain of myth, wonder, and what Warren Ellis calls &quot;mad, beautiful ideas,&quot; is the second most rigidly unimaginative genre out there (right behind romance, with whom it shares more than a few readers and tropes).<br />The &quot;Song of Ice and Fire&quot; series is a show-stopping six volume call to arms against this nonsense.  Readers who come to the novels expecting another eminently predictable generic quest might be lulled to quiescence in the first few innocuous chapters, but will awake - sooner or later - to the unsettling realization that they're playing George R.R. Martin's game now.  In A GAME OF THRONES, he systematically slaughters every sacred cow of &quot;heroic fantasy&quot; and, in so doing, injects a vigor and a zest for life and the written word into the genre that hasn't been seen since the beautiful insanity of Tolkien.  Heroes die and villains turn out to be not so bad after all.  Magic appears only very rarely, making it infinitely more interesting.  The plot steadfastly refuses to go where you'd expect.  And lest you purists think that Martin holds fantasy in contempt, consider this: unlike practically every other fantasy writer out there, he's gone to the trouble of writing this novel as if it were the most serious literature: his characters and their motivations are fully fleshed out (Eddard Stark and Tyrion Lannister are especially well-done), his prose is exciting and full of witty and lovely turns of phrase, and his themes are complex and multilayered.  In other words, he's actually assumed that his readership is *intelligent.*<br />After reading this and China Meiville's PERDIDO STREET STATION, I have renewed hope for the future of fantasy.  Works like these deserve to be read, reread, and passed to friends; they yank the genre - and its readers - out of bed and lead it blinking and cursing into the light of genuine literary merit.ce and Fire&quot; series is a show-stopping six volume call to arms against this nonsense.  Readers who come to the novels expecting another eminently predictable generic quest might be lulled to quiescence in the first few innocuous chapters, but will awake - sooner or later - to the unsettling realization that they're playing George R.R. Martin's game now.  In A GAME OF THRONES, he systematically slaughters every sacred cow of &quot;heroic fantasy&quot; and, in so doing, injects a vigor and a zest for life and the written word into the genre that hasn't been seen since the beautiful insanity of Tolkien.  Heroes die and villains turn out to be not so bad after all.  Magic appears only very rarely, making it infinitely more interesting.  The plot steadfastly refuses to go where you'd expect.  And lest you purists think that Martin holds fantasy in contempt, consider this: unlike practically every other fantasy writer out there, he's gone to the trouble of writing this novel as if it were the most serious literature: his characters and their motivations are fully fleshed out (Eddard Stark and Tyrion Lannister are especially well-done), his prose is exciting and full of witty and lovely turns of phrase, and his themes are complex and multilayered.  In other words, he's actually assumed that his readership is *intelligent.*<br />After reading this and China Meiville's PERDIDO STREET STATION, I have renewed hope for the future of fantasy.  Works like these deserve to be read, reread, and passed to friends; they yank the genre - and its readers - out of bed and lead it blinking and cursing into the light of genuine literary merit.
0451196716|5.0|This book proves that Stephen King is the Great American Writer. After reading, I have felt my feet and back aching, this is how convincing and persuasive &quot;Long Walk&quot; is. Stephen Kings insight into human psychology is honest and brilliant. That is what is giving power to all his books: Honesty. Not to mention language skills, of course.
B00004S6GL|5.0|\\"Figure 8\\" sounds like what would have happened if Nick Drake had been asked to join The Beatles after Paul died in that horrible car accident. Elliott Smith's voice falls into the haunted, ethereal category currently helmed by Drake during his post-VW resurgence. And this album carries any number of Sgt. Pepper-like arabesques and musical pirouettes, all of which serve to nearly disguise the raw emotional content. <br /> This is my introduction to Elliott Smith so I have no background in his earlier, less-lush work, and maybe I'm the better for it. ... since I have no basis of comparison, I'm prefectly free to get lost in the spider web of sound spun on \\"Figure 8\\". And, perhaps because I've recently had my heart broken, all the lyrics make sense instead of being maudlin or overwrought. I will, of course, reexamine this in a year or so when I feel better, but I have a feeling that this record will stand the test of time. <br /> Standout tracks are the opener, \\"Son of Sam\\", a deceptively-jaunty song that sounds almost like Klaatu at a high-school carnival. \\"Everything Reminds me of Her\\" and \\"Everything Means Nothing to Me\\" are fraternal twins, each with a different sound, but inseperable - they should be played hand in hand in perpetuity. \\"Somebody that I used to Know\\" is heartbreakingly simple, deceptively upbeat and captures perfectly the sound of a man on the edge of regaining himself. The rest of the album is wonderful, but these are the tracks that pierced me. <br /> I am grateful to the friend who introduced me to Elliott Smith and I can only hope that, if you buy \\"Figure 8\\" after reading this review, you will be grateful, too.
0446677450|5.0|Rich Dad, Poor Dad was not a rocket-science book yet I found it profoundly true in its positive nature.<br />I won't attempt to reiterate all of the lessons of the book here but one of the greatest bits of information that that author shares is the importance of an &quot;I can&quot; versus &quot;I can't&quot; attitude.<br />I also felt that his approach was multifaceted versus an infomercial on &quot;get rich in 30 days.&quot;<br />One final lesson that I felt was important...that one was of being financially knowledgeable and to be able to assess risks in a more constructive, educated manner.  Our schools currently teach a lot of theories and models yet not the real world knowledge.  You have to be thirsty as a lifelong learning to gain this knowledge.  <br />Overall, an enjoyable book.  As a result, I've taken strides to eliminate what I call &quot;stupid debt&quot; like credit cards and high interest loans and aggressively save for property investments. This book is a must read!<br />Andrea
B000002UAX|5.0|This album was virtually passed over when it was released, probably for its lack of a hit single. Interestingly in the late 70s, ten years after its release, this album became a permanent fixture on the top 100 albums list. It took ten years for the depth of this collection to be fully appreciated. Listening to the album now 33 years after its release, it has actually improved with age.
B00003CXFG|1.0|The monster from Alien. The action from Aliens. The desert from Stargate. And that's it. <br />Vin Diesel is not bad, and the monsters look good, but wouldn't have existed without Alien. <br />Boring.
0385473788|5.0|In spite of the few smug, negative reviews of Anne's Diary, I am awed by the fact that she is touching a generation her own age, 60 years after her death.  That so many teenagers of such diverse backgrounds, connect to her radiance and compassion, makes them her kindred spirits.  I love Anne and I love you young people, too.  You are the hope of the world the way she was.
B00005B36H|5.0|Wow!  Incredible.  The people that gave this 5 stars are completely right!  Listen with your soul, not your mind - and this becomes a moving experience.  Tool has a gift and it is evident here.  They tap into what's important, they tap into something new.  I am not a big Tool fan from way back but I must say that this recording ranks as one of the most unique ever.  Brilliant in it's flow and emotion.  It is perfect.<br />I love all types of music and this recording by Tool is by far one of the most progressive recordings I have ever heard by any artist.<br />I want to get in a room with Maynard and ask him how he and his bandmates create something like this because it worked.  It worked like nothing else I ever had heard.  It flowed so perfecly.
B000006045|5.0|There is definately something special about a CD when you're instantly hooked just by the first few notes of the bassline that start off the first song. That's the case with Mezzanine. To me, this is an incredible CD, and Massive Attack is a group that deserves more attention. Here's a track by track run down:<br /> &quot;Angel&quot;, I can't say enough about this song; the mental picture I get is of a brewing storm on the distant horizon. As the song progresses, the storm draws ever closer, with the wave of guitars and the crash of drums about halfway through bringing to mind the flash of lightning and the roll of thunder as the storm passes overhead, with the bassline that starts off the song fading out as the storm moves on towards the opposite horizon. Definately my favorite on the whole CD.<br />&quot;Risingson&quot; - A song that has a definate vibe to it, again, one of my favorites.<br />&quot;Teardrop&quot; - A nice change of pace after the fury of the guitars in the first song. The female singer in this one has an incredible voice. Probably my 2nd favorite song on the entire CD.<br />&quot;Intertia Creeps&quot; - I just love the Middle Eastern part and the almost tribal-like drum beats in this one. Maybe my 4th favorite.<br />&quot;Exchange&quot; - I see how other people see this one as almost a break between the first part of the CD, and the last six songs, comes as quite a shock after the first four.<br />&quot;Dissolved Girl&quot; - I wasn't aware that this was the song that Neo was listening to in the scene in &quot;The Matrix&quot;, guess I'll have to pay more attention next time I watch it. Probably in a tie for being my favorite on the whole CD.<br />&quot;Man Next Door&quot; - Singer's voice is a bit annoying, as others have said, but the song definately has a great bassline.<br />&quot;Black Milk&quot; - Another all around great song with a female singer. <br />&quot;Mezzanine and Group Four&quot; - I definately see what another reviewer said whenthese two songs need to be taken as one song. These two together are absolutely incredible, and are just symphonic in scope.<br />&quot;Exchange&quot; (reprised) a great closer to an absolutely incredible CD. Mezzanine, in my opinion, is worthy of as much attention of one of my other favorite CDs: &quot;OK Computer&quot; by Radiohead.<br />This is music that may be given the name &quot;trip hop&quot;, whatever that entails, but to me, names aren't as important to the genre as the music contained on this incredible CD. Give this one a try with a completely open mind, and you'll be in for an real treat, especially if you're as disenchanted with the current &quot;mainstream&quot; for the most part (with notable exceptions) as I am.
B00005J73X|5.0|Very good song selection. Fine interaction between Bon Jovi and Richie Sambora, vocals and guitar. Good rhythm section and keyboards. No long, drawn out tracks or solos, just good kickin' rock and roll. Buy it!
0226264017|5.0|This book is amazing because it aged so well.  Read the books by the 'leftist' economists like John Kenneth Galbraith, whose works are dated (with the exception of the &quot;Great Crash&quot;, which stuck to facts), and compare.  Almost all of Friedman's ideas are now &quot;mainstream&quot;, yet when he proposed them (when top tax rates were 90%), the mandra was John Kennedy's &quot;Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for your country&quot; (which Friedman points out is wrong on both counts--the paternistic country and giving service to your country blindly).<br />In short, the book is a gem.  As for objectivity, note that economics has been classified as &quot;political economics&quot; because it is possible to defend any system --choose your poison-- including slavery, communism, rigid wage and price controls (caste system, like old India and Byzantium).  None of these systems are necessarily unstable (Byzantium lasted 1000 years, India longer, the Soviet Union lasted several generations), but if you value economic output and liberalism in the classic sense (freedom of action), then Friedman's libertarian is the best.  Friedman points out that with capitalism you get more inequality because everybody has the ability to prosper, and differences are magnified (nobody measures absolute wealth but relative wealth).  A short story by Kurt Vonnegut comes to mind where people were all kept the same in a race of ability (no inequality) by tying lead weights around their legs.  If you think handicapping like this is 'fair' then you will not like Friedman's capitalism.  Finally note that Friedman is not a proponent of no government, just government to handle &quot;neighborhood effects&quot; (aka 'externalities'), like air pollution, where in theory it is difficult to negotiate away problems like this (actually some modern economists have found many such externalities are not that common--yes you can negotiate with your neighbors, and don't need thegovernment, for many problems that seem like externalities).
B00005B3Z6|5.0|Funny, intelligent, blunt, campy, sensitive, well told, well acted. It has the much talked about sex scenes. But then it gives much more than that. Gay or straight, you'll love it.
6305499365|5.0|Office Space is the funniest movie I've ever seen in my life.  If you've ever had to sit through useless meetings and deal with flagrant incompetence you'll love this movie.  Do you drag yourself out of bed only to spend the day following the direction of people whose judgment you don't trust and opinions you don't respect?  Let Office Space be your outlet. This movie depicts the laziness and indifference that is prevalent in so many offices.  Excellent satire.
B00005ATQF|5.0|The movie was excellent, the acting superb, etc, etc. As a side note (which will become obsolete in a couple of weeks) why is it May 25 and I already have this DVD but the release date is June 12? Oh well. One issue I found with this DVD is that it 'has been formatted to fit _your_ screen'. I don't know about you, but I like widescreen. The only place this is indicated is in fine print near the bottom of the back of the case. Buyer beware.
006109594X|5.0|This is a first book by a very talented action writer. Don't start book if you don't like losing sleep. Book is about the safe-guarding of our aircraft carriers and goes from there - a real eye opener. Robinson weaves a fantastic tale about what could happen given the right scenario. His description of the Scottish highlands shows a real love for what I gather is his homeland. This a gripping action thriller.
0792156684|3.0|I'll put in about 5 cents worth of advice here.<br />This isn't a bad movie by any stretch of the imagination.  If you want bad, see Battlefield Earth or Hackers and THEN tell me that Titanic is worse...and I won't believe you.<br />However, I give the movie 3 stars solely based on the shameful showering of awards at the Oscars.  Okay, it was a good--if improbable, to say the least--love story, but Academy Award material?  Come on!  Finer films like Brazil, Saving Private Ryan, or Dancers In The Dark delved far deeper into the human soul than Titanic did!  And let's not get into the social inaccuracies of this film...let's face it, it's about a modern-day woman trapped in a not-so-modern world and it was almost unheard of for classes to mix, much less for the upper class to so much as acknowledge the EXISTENCE of the lower.  The moment that Billy Zane's character was to hear of this, it would have almost immediately broken off the engagement as well as to render Kate Winslet a social pariah.<br />I inadvertently laughed at the theater as Billy Zane sulks like a child as Leonardo and Kate run off:  &quot;I hope you're happy together!&quot;  Oh, waaaaah.<br />Still, with all its faults and undeserved acclaim at the Oscars, it's an entertaining yarn.  Just don't expect too much from it.  Yes, it's a love story, but if your heart is easily manipulated by those particular springs, then beware that you may never appreciate any other genre of film.
B00004U3UG|3.0|Okay, it's an Evil Dead movie which is a big plus, but why only three stars? Well, the picture quality on this Director's Cut is very poor, otherwise it would be a four star film. Maybe even five if I watch it in high spirits.
B0000024SI|5.0|The best Dylan album, ever, with the possible exception of BLONDE ON BLONDE.<br />It's more than the best-known cuts: &quot;Like A Rolling Stone,&quot; &quot;Desolation Row,&quot; and &quot;Highway 61 Revisited.&quot;  This is wall-to-wall greatness, from the frenzy of &quot;Tombstone Blues&quot; to the snear of &quot;Ballad Of A Thin Man,&quot; to the stroll of &quot;It Takes A Lot To Laugh...&quot; to the world-weariness of the superb &quot;Just Like Tom Thumb's Blue,&quot; Dylan was hitting on all cylinders.  Al Kooper and the rest of this backing band were just what these tunes called for: loose, but on always on target.<br />By the way...what's that in Dylan's right hand on the cover?
B00000I3JO|5.0|Music for the soul.  Without a shadow of a doubt one of the most amazing albums/CDs ever to be released.  Favourite track has to From A Late Night Train, with The Downtown Lights close behind.  Paul Buchanan has an uncanny nack of hitting the nail on the head as regards putting words to the those emotions we either choose to ignore or only realise we've experienced in hindsight.  Not only the words themselves, but his voice and the expression he gives in uttering the lyrics.  Buy this CD, put it in your stereo late at night, turn it up and let it sweep you away.  Some will find it mournful/depressing, but I would prefer to describe this release as courageous.  It is consistently ranked as amongst the top 100 releases ever, and with justification.  Do yourself a favour and buy it.
0784011214|5.0|Rambo 2 is my favorite movie and I have over 200 DVD's!! 200!! Well, to begin, this is not just an action movie, it is a super-action packed adventure! Rambo shoots and doesn't miss! Don't even think of trying to fight him, because he knows all the SLY moves! Stallone seems to have a bad rep, but I challenge anyone to say this after watching RAMBO FIRST BLOOD PT2! He is amazing at jungle warfare even though the vietnamese have underground passageways and in-tree-fighting experience! Watch out cuz he can't be stopped! RAMBO II should only be watched in widescreen because it is a marvelous cinematic experience that is not to be missed!! To quote Rambo: &quot;Watch out, because I am coming!&quot; coming to buy this DVD I think!
B00003CXE7|4.0|Astounding camera work, but the film is a hair too long for characters and story development that doesn't go further than time warrants.<br />However, Russel Crowe is superb and Phoenix is just plain evil.  It's easy to love and hate the right people here and the action sequences are pure eye candy.<br />The opening battle sequence--especially the Romans' interlocking of shields--is a fairly accurate depiction of Roman battle strategy.<br />It's not an ornate film, but it delves quite nicely into one man's love for home and family rising above else that he believes in.
B000006TRV|5.0|There is little that I can add to the many voices who have praised this great work. But I feel compelled to do so. Largely the work of composer/lyrical genius Roger Waters, the sheer scope of 'The Wall' is breathtaking in its ability to move and shock you, an effect that has not diminished as it now enters its 27th year. Mixing semi-biographical material with knowing fiction, Waters weaves a tale that is equal parts grim satire, near-operatic melodrama and gut-wrenching anger. Waters attacks the capitalist cynicism of the music business, the oftimes cookie-cutter putting-down of schoolkids, and most significantly, the complexity and pitfalls of familial and married life. And of course, the bitter futility of war, which is as relevant now as it was in 1944 or 1979. 'The Wall' has been and always will be a soundtrack for the angry and the disaffected. But don't get me wrong, there are moments of musical beauty that will stay with you long after the anger has faded. Water's voice flexes its considerable emotional range across a variety of moods. Guitarist David Gilmour's melodic lead playing sizzles with passion and power. His intensity and soaring tone makes 'The Wall' arguably his finest recorded performance. And his vocal contributions to the album also cannot be overlooked. Keyboardist Rick Wright and drummer Nick Mason make important musical contributions and Wiz Producer Bob Ezrin ties it all together into a soundscape that is timeless. 'The Wall' will take you on a journey through light and darkness, and you will emerge outside 'The Wall', like Roger Waters, better for the experience. One of Rock's true masterpieces and certainly not the least of them.
B0000025T6|5.0|One of the truly great pieces of Art in American recording history, NEBRASKA explores the dark stories of the characters who chose to take to the road in THE RIVER.<br />They hit middle America and go crazy.  Simple as that.<br />These are stories of killers and cops, truck drivers and, frankly, people who have been driven to such a degree that they can no longer find their way through the comprimises and grey areas that they find themselves swimming in.  <br />I've always been fascinated by Springsteen's phrasing on NEBRASKA.  &quot;Me and her went for a ride, sir.&quot;  There's always that &quot;sir,&quot; or &quot;mister,&quot; and the wording is sparse.  To me, these songs sound like death row confessions.<br />To me, &quot;Atlantic City&quot; ranks as one of Springsteen's finest moment, a tough-as-nails story of a man comprimising his own morals/ethics in order to get himself and his wife out of a dying town--and considering the unimaginable in order to finance their escape.  But he still needs to console himself, rationalize his decision, before he can live with it:<br />&quot;I've been looking for a job but it's hard to find.  Down here it's just winners and losers, and don't get caught on the wrong side of that line.  Well, I'm tired of coming out on this losing end. So honey last night I met this guy and I'm gonna do a little favor for him...but I guess everything dies baby, that's a fact, but maybe everything that dies one day comes back...&quot;<br />NEBRASKA is not a fun-time party album.  It's dangerous to listen to it in your car at 3 a.m..  But it is a piece of perfection, a story of the cultural decay Springsteen and his characters found in the USA in 1982, stories of desperate people in bad situations.  It is a record that will be just as vital and important in 100 years as it was upon it's release.<br />NEBRASKA is true Art of the highest order.
0671027344|3.0|In his book,Chbosky seems to be trying to include just about every unfortunate teen experience available. Over his freshman year, Charlie experiences/witnesses suicide, domestic abuse, drugs, bullying, homosexuality, and did I forget anything else?  Oh yeah, Charlie's extremely gifted but borderline schizophrenic. I'm not sure what the author's intent is including all this depressing material - maybe he wants everyone to have something to relate to. However, the inundation of angst for me did exactly the opposite.  I'm 14, and I have my down days, but Charlie's life was completely alien to me.  &quot;The Perks of Being a Wallflower&quot; feeds into the misconception that all teens have depressing and depraved lives.   Don't get me wrong, this is a great book.  Charlie's narrative, in the form of letters, is endearing and insightful.  There are some people who will love this book and hail it as an eye-opening look into adolescence.  But to me, an unusually optimistic teen, Chbosky is substituting melodrama for actual storyline, and my heartstrings don't like being tugged this forcefully.
B00003CXDG|2.0|Honestly, ask yourself that question.  How long was it?<br />If you speed up all the slow motion scenes to normal speed, I'm banking on the movie being, say, 20 minutes long.<br />Yep, John Woo is back proving that a good film is about 400 bullets to kill one guy and every single trigger squeeze has to be captured artistically so that you can see the little hairs on the guys finger blowing in the wind caused by a superb motorcycle spin.<br />It's visually stunning...and unfortunately detracting from story and character development.<br />As Ethan Hunt lays out the possible evil plot behind Chimera and Ving Rhames asks if it really could be that simple, Ethan Hunt replies, &quot;Why not?&quot;  I was sitting in the theater hoping, &quot;Please don't make it that simple.&quot;<br />But it is and there are absolutely no plot surprises or twists beyond the ordinary.  <br />Oh, and the dove...there it is again, Woo, I just don't know HOW you do it every single time.<br />I read a review in a newspaper where a critic said that everyone was ripping masks off in this film so often that he felt that he was watching an episode of Scooby Doo.<br />Dead right...and don't give this film any more credit than Scooby Doo (in slow motion) deserves.
B00001ZWTT|2.0|It *could* have been so good. It could have spawned a whole series of yummy WWW movies. But unfortunately it was put in the hands of a director who obviously has no clue about focusing on the *people* in the story. This movie was all about special effects and consequently was utterly boring and uninvolving. The casting of Will Smith was so totally off.  He's fantastic in so many things- but James West he is not!  George Clooney IS James West and should have been the star of this flick. Kevin Kline is the perfect Artemus Gordon. He was a delight and the one saving grace in the entire movie. If Warner Brothers were not so obsessed with making flashy special effects movies for teenagers, they would have seen that a WWW with Clooney and Kline, with a good story and actual characterization, could have been a box office success with the adults who go to movies (yes, we actually do. I know it may come as a shock to hollywood execs).  Kenneth Branagh is wonderful but overacts--someone should have restrained him a little. Of course that hardly matters when the rest of the movie was just not worth watching. The only plus of having it on DVD is that you can skip right to the one or two scenes that were any fun at all to watch.  There was virtually no chemistry between Will Smith and Kevin Kline-- still, those few scenes between them were the only things in the movie worth watching more than once. Special effects get boring fast. Characterization...human interaction...even a little male bonding would have been nice.....I'd love to see a WWW2 done the *right* way, but after the flop of WWW, I guess it will never be. What a shame that they had to mess up so badly.  You'd think after a century of movie making, Hollywood would've figured out by now what makes a good movie and what doesn't. Guess not.
B0000025KI|5.0|Magnificent.<br />THE RIVER alternates between rockers like &quot;Cadillac Ranch,&quot; &quot;I'm A Rocker,&quot; and &quot;Out In The Street,&quot; songs that sing of carefree summer teen years that sound like they're blasting from the windows of somebody's Camero along the boardwalk, and a big set of tunes that address the real world problems that tug at your heals behind those idyllic scenes.<br />The real heart of THE RIVER are Springsteen's characters struggles with love and relationships.  They're all searching for somebody, finding somebody...but then what?  So many of them run into brick walls, finding out all too quickly that the happy ever after ends before it starts.  Haunting tunes like &quot;Stolen Car&quot; are hard to get past:<br />&quot;She asked if I remembered the letters I wrote when our love was young and bold.  She said last night she read those letters, and they made her feel one hundred years old.&quot;<br />But for all the hard times these characters come up against--losing love, driving girlfriends and their mothers to the unemployment office, struggling to keep a job--the final moment of THE RIVER is one of hope.  After consoling a dying man at the scene of a horrific car crash, Springsteen sings of climbing in bed and watching his girl as she sleeps:<br />&quot;I just lay there awake in the middle of the night, thinking about the wreck on the highway.&quot;<br />The road, which had been a vehicle of hope and escape on all of Springsteen's previous records, has been transformed into a black line between life and death; it is his love and home and security that suddenly seem comforting, instead of smothering.<br />But the next Springsteen LP, NEBRASKA, wouldn't stay at home...it follows those characters who chose to cross that black line and follow the road.
B00005JG6U|4.0|Overall I say this is a good flick.  It has a very original feel to it and it will keep your interest throughout the whole movie, with a few neat surprises but sometimes I feel this movie is just a tad overrated when I read other people's opinions.  It goes without question that its a 4 star movie, maybe 4.5 but 5 is pushing it.  I saw the edited version but I didn't know it was edited (I rented it) until I turned it on, and now I wished I had seen the unedited version.  As I mentioned in the subject it does get a little artsy at times, especially when it comes to not actually showing anyone take drugs (except for the guy's mother).  Instead they use a quick 5sec piece of random drug related images in double speed to respresent when they take drugs so the fact that they are borderline junkies is assumed but not actually fortified visually.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Great film with Patrick Stewart and Hugh Jackman in excellently-casted rolls in X-men.  <br />Hugh Jackman is particularly suited to his role of Wolverine with his dark, brooding looks and wonderful, biting sarcasm.<br />It's not a deep film, but it's based on a comic book for crying out loud so enjoy it AS one!<br />Only complaint with the film is that &quot;mutant hatred&quot; does not seem to be well-depicted...unless you count the handful of people with picket signs.  Big deal.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Depeche Mode are in the position where they can do everything they want, without having to worry about money, fans or anything. They can make an album full of slow, emotional songs - no radio hits, no clubbing hits. That's exactly what they did with Exciter - and still their album is heavily played on the radio and in the clubs! :)<br />I'm very pleased with this record, although I was very suspicious after hearing the 30 sec. clips on DM.com. Depece Mode never did the love songs in this way - very emotional, slow and psychedelic songs with whispering vocals and without danceable beats (except I feel loved!). Dave really sounds wonderful!<br />You may don't like the record, but you cannot deny the fact that Depeche Mode ARE one of the most innovative groups today. After 20+ years of their career, to make this kind of sound, without repeating themselves is unbelievable! Just give this album a try and you'll love it. :)
B0000025D0|5.0|The characters from BORN TO RUN, so desperate and so self-assured that they were &quot;pullin' out of here to win,&quot; begin to run up against some walls on DARKNESS ON THE EDGE OF TOWN.<br />The clouds on the horizon, which they sneared and scoffed at on BORN TO RUN, are much closer, much more dangerous, much more ominous on DARKNESS.  There's still hope--&quot;keep pushing til it's understood and these badlands start treating us good&quot;--but, at least for some of these characters, hope o escaping the old home town is fading fast: &quot;Racing In The Streets,&quot; held up by so many novice Springsteen fans as some kind of NASCAR honorarium, is more about a deadend lifestyle than the glory of the greasepits:<br />&quot;Some guys they just give up living and start dying little by little, piece by piece.  Some guys come home from work at night and go racing in the street...&quot;<br />Well, that sounds like every adolescent greaser's dream, right?  But what happens to the girl he met at on the strip and took home like some trophy piece?<br />&quot;There's wrinkles around my baby's eyes and she cries herself to sleep at night, and when I come home the house is dark...&quot;she sits on the porch of her daddy's house, but all her pretty dreams are torn.  She stares off alone into the night with the eyes of one who hates for just being born.&quot;<br />Obviously, the clouds on the horizion are full of rain.  The storm blows even stronger on Springsteen's next album, THE RIVER, and the results of the flood are found in NEBRASKA.<br />He is a novelist caught in Rock clothing.
B00005AFMT|4.0|This album first came out in 1981, and remains irreplaceable in the King Crimson canon.  The remaster just makes you appreciate what a fine achievement it was.  It's only too bad the Crim never really followed up on the promise that album displayed.  The sonic clarity is really remarkable for a recording of this period.<br />If you're not familiar with 80s Crim, let me summarize: four world class players, including two of the best guitarists to every play together in one band, playing a music style that is about impossible to categorize.  Very broad influences, including some of their recent collaborations: Eno, Talking Heads, Zappa, and earlier incarnations of King Crimson, as well as jazz, some of the avant-garde and Indonesian Gamelan music.  Lots of odd meters and complex playing, but not really &quot;prog&quot; in the usual sense.<br />This album was their first together, and has that sense of excitement and discovery.  There are five songs and two instrumentals, although in two of the songs the lyrics are spoken.  &quot;Matte Kudesai&quot; is a ballad.  &quot;Sheltering Sky&quot; is slow and lyrical.  &quot;Thela Hun Ginjeet&quot; and &quot;Indiscipline&quot; rock hard.  &quot;Frame by Frame&quot; is complex and dramatic. &quot;Elephant Talk&quot; is funky and funny.  The title track is a great, slowluy building instrumental featuring interlocking guitars and a strong Gamelan influence.
B00003OO3O|5.0|Great cd.  I prefer the live version of This Kids, but what a jewel.  This was a hard cd to get, but it was certainly worth the wait.  Another great UFO cd is UFO1.  They are all great.  Also OLD SCORPIONS like LONESOME CROW, IN TRANCE, FLY TO THE RAINBOW, ANIMAL MAGNETISM, and VIRGIN KILLER  are definitely a MUST for any SCHENKER/ ULI ROTH collector
B00000634J|5.0|This is probably the greatest John Lennon collection ever put together.  From his first hit as a solo artist &quot;Imagine&quot; to the Ending of &quot;Give Peace A Chance&quot; this CD gives us the greatest hits from the greatest artist that ever walked the face of the earth.  &quot;Happy Xmas (War is Over)&quot; to &quot;Instant Karma&quot; to &quot;Cold Turkey&quot;, &quot;Jealous Guy&quot;, &quot;Power to the People&quot; John Lennon has changed the face of music forever and this is one of the best collections to prove that
0156711427|5.0|I have always been a fan of E.M. Forster. His ability to understand the way that society and humanity works has always managed to astonish me. This work is thought by many to be the greatest that he ever wrote. I tend to agree &quot;Howards End&quot;, &quot;A Room with a View&quot;, and &quot;Where Angels Fear to Tread&quot; were stepping stones to this novel. The story is simple. A man is accused of doing something his friends believe him to be innocent all others believe him to be guilty. Yet, the story is not at all simple. It explains how horribly off things in India were when Britain still maintained an empire there. That man accused is an Indian. The person accusing him is an English woman. In these two characters, Britain and India are made real. The reader sees how wrong the whole situation was . Be prepared to leave the book angry at the British for doing what they did in India. Read and learn this book!
0385484518|4.0|As seen the reviews of other readers it seems that this is a book you just love or despise it and most readers love it. Almost no other way. The book is written greatly for the era we are living at. College kids are overnightly becoming responsible and even before commencement is over, students are narrow minded what to do in their life. As much before and specially afterwards there is no time to be what you are trying to fell people and events around you, there is just a endless path in a tunnel of nothing else but building oneself better and better in job-competition. But this novel shows important part in coexistence with other human beings. There is much beyond in authors life of trying to get on the top of sport jurnalism jungle and avoiding real questions of life. But Morrie is a great anwser not just for Mitch Albom, the author, but for many ambitious people all over the world, who are seeking the friuts of life in the wrong place despite the misery included. Morrie is Mitch's coach, his college professor who is dying and they sit down and they talk every Tuesday as they used to 18 years ago in the college. Morrie is honest old man who is encountaring his own death with ALS disease, which will made his body collaps but his soul will stay intact. He's being honest, sad and he is showing all his feelings, and trying to told people simple truth, Death is part of life, not opposite to it. This book is a beautifull narration of life and realtionships that make every life living. But sometimes book gets too sentimental as trying to drive you on the verge of emotions without a casue, trying to shake you down just to be more provocative more memorable. So just sometimes it gets too unnatural as a bit pushing it over the edge. Wth bit of a distance for sure worth of reading.
B000005RFH|5.0|First off, the import contains EVIL WOMAN which is worth getting especially if you grew up listening to the US print.  Besides that, this cd contains some of the early SAB at the youthful finest.  MASTERS OF REALITY and SABOTAGE are prime examples of the &quot;Fathers of Heavy Metal&quot;...
B00002Z88D|1.0|You must all be joking saying how great this album is. THis is another step in Metallicas carerr that astonished people. The orchestra is going nowhere while Kirk Hammett is playing worse than ever. The result is so annoying, so noisy, I have the guts to listen to it entirely only twice !!! THe is another indulgent step in this bands career, a band that lost all soul a long time ago and became just a typical MTV product.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Pearl Jam has never released an album that I don't like, but this one is just too good to be true.  None of the songs really made radio hits, but that shouldn't matter.  Songs like Red Mosquito, Off He Goes, Sometimes, Hail Hail, In My Tree...I can't think of many records by anyone that are as good start to finish as this one.  My only warning -- if you think Pearl Jam should just keep recording Jeremy and Alive, don't buy this record!  If you think they should keep getting better and better as song writers and musicians, as any band should, then you will not be dissappointed.
B000002HK4|5.0|After listening to Dream Theater's 1992 release, \\"Images and Words\\", I was impressed to say the least.  So, when I saw this release, including live covers of some great songs from the 70's, I had to check it out.<br />Dream Theater is comprised of some of the most talented indivduals, and as a whole, put out great sound, especially in a live setting.  Their melodies and song changes are reminiscent of early Rush, and John Petrucci is an incredible guitar player.<br />The title track, spanning over 23 minutes, shows each of the band's great instrumentalists to some extent, and the rest of the album is live.  Check out the Zeppelin live trilogy, impressive!!!
0671042734|4.0|I tried reading this book shortly after college in 1994 &amp; it didn't capture my attention then.  I reread it this year &amp; liked it much better.  I did find myself drifting a bit during certain passages...Le Carre is somewhat long-winded at points. The book does contain some funny British humor.  The story itself isn't all that exciting but it is a good mystery...we work along with Smiley to determine who the mole is.  Smiley is an interesting character...in addition to his spy work we also go through the pain of his wife deserting him for another man. I'll try reading some other Le Carre stuff...this wasn't bad at all.
B00002NDB1|1.0|Let me be clear: this the worst IRON MAIDEN album ever. The situation reached a point where the band had to hire Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith again. Simple as that. They fired only Blaze, but I think Janick should have been gone too.
0671004107|3.0|Althought I have found may of the works by Carl Sagan enlighting this book was not one of them.<br />I found it boring to the extreme and could of been written in a better style.<br />Carl spends too much time explaining the science of everything and not enough time on the story. I find myself skipping over pages because the subject matter is dull and over my head. It was like reading a text book.<br />I do like the some of the arugments between Arroway and Joss and  the rather sad ending, but Sagan could of done a better job
B000002KET|5.0|Is there a God? Do aliens exist? Was the JFK assasination a massive government conspiracy? Which is Black Sabbaths greatest album? These are some of the questions which man has pondered over for countless years, alas to never arise to a definite conclusion. I would like to attempt to tackle the latter query, however, and go as far as to say that &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot; is THE greatest album of the 70's, period, let alone the best Sabbath LP. And here is why.....<br />A problem with the other Sabs albums is that they basically plod on, note after note, in the same tempo and riff patterns. That does not occur here. From the head banging title track to the jazzy &quot;Sabbra Cadabra&quot; to the zeppelinesque &quot;Looking for Today&quot;, this album is chock full of surprises. Many songs abandon the traditional heavy metal structures and venture into new, daring territory, such as the eerie &quot;National Acrobat&quot;, gothic &quot;Who are you?&quot;, and acoustic &quot;Fluff&quot;. The Albums stand out track is &quot;Killing yourself to Live&quot;, a powerful and heavy song with a great riff and memorable chorus. Excellent stuff.<br />Another prominent feature of &quot;Sabbath Bloody Sabbath&quot;is the inclusion of synthesizers and keyboards which add another layer to the impenitrable sabbath wall of sound. Iommi, Butler, Ward and ofcourse Ozzy are in top notch here, sounding confident and alive.<br />It was a tough decision, and after endless analysis and listening to the early sabbaths first six albums, i have to say that this came out on top. The others mind you are not very far behind. But if you were to be stuck on a desert island and could only take one Black Sabbath album with you, this ought to be the one.
B00002E224|5.0|Ethan Hawke actually shows his acting chops in this wonderful romance.  This movie is reminiscent of &quot;My Dinner with Andre&quot; in that it consisits (almost) solely of a converstaion between the two main characters!  The cinematography of Vienna is wonderful and the young jilted American (Hawke) has such awesome chemistry with the brainy French student (Delpy).  Did they indeed meet again at the train station in one year?  Who knows-- the great stort told in the movie, however, would be tainted if they actually did!
B00005AXEL|4.0|First of all, let me say I've been a big fan of Stevie's since the 70s. Secondly, I don't know why she's been putting down &quot;Street Angel&quot; in interviews; I think it's a great album, and extremely listenable. In some ways, I prefer it to this one, if only because it had a real consistency. Some tracks on this, like &quot;Everyday,&quot; and &quot;That Made Me Stronger,&quot; I could live without. I really like the title cut, &quot;Candlebright,&quot; &quot;Sorcerer,&quot; &quot;Planets of the Universe,&quot; and &quot;Fall from Grace.&quot; I was thinking to myself, &quot;Wow! Sheryl Crow really is a good songwriter,&quot; after I heard the beautiful &quot;It's Only Love.&quot; Then I happened to put on Neil Young's &quot;Tell Me Why&quot; off the &quot;After the Gold Rush&quot; LP. One can tell she copied the melody (I guess she was paying homage to him), and the lyrics &quot;If you see me/Could you be me?&quot; are also a tribute to that song, which has similar lines in its last verse. Not to criticize, though. I'm sure Neil is touched, and it's a beautiful song. I think Stevie, on her next album, should do a version of Joni Mitchell's &quot;Urge for Going.&quot; This time, instead of using Sheryl Crow (who's friends with--yikes!!--Gwyneth Paltrow), she should ask musicians like Tom Rush, Eric Anderson, and Cris Williamson to perform on it. Now that would be a great album: Stevie singing &quot;Who Do You Love&quot; with Tom, &quot;Sheila&quot; with Eric, and &quot;Wild Things&quot; with Cris. Stevie, if you're reading this, think about it.
0060392886|5.0|After 2 hours of reading, I just had to go the supermarket and grab me a bottle of Jack Daniels. Dudes, get ready for a f'd up ride! What an incredible book. I can't stop talking about at work. I'm in my mid-thirties now feeling old, tired, like my time has past, after reading half of the book, I was invincible again. Reading the book is like the first time I listened to Motley Crue.... Heavy, loud, raw, crude, rude, adrenalinal (ANY power words will fit).... And when you're done reading, you find that you just can't get enough and you start all over again (just like that first cassette tape). Hey, long live rock and roll, long live Motley Crue! (Incredible how they lived this long...)
B000002H6C|4.0|This is quite unsteady album at points... I think songs like ...And Justice For All and Eye Of The Beholder aren't Metallica at its best, but this album contains my all time favourite Metallica track, Dyers Eve. Its raw, aggressive power gives me creeps every time I listen to it! The album also contains three other great Metallica songs, One, Harvester Of Sorrow and Frayed Ends Of Sanity. Even the fact, that this is the 1st Metallica album with Jason, is not enough to save this &quot;least-good&quot; Metallica album from getting &quot;only&quot; 4 stars from me. Not recommened for a Metallica-beginner!
B00005AQF7|5.0|snoop's first cd is his best. it has some nice beats to it and the enhanced video is cool.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido is an amazing vocslist. Her voice is an utterly unique combination of Sarah McLachlan, Sinead O'Connor and Dolores O'Riordan of the Cranberries. She conveys emotion so beautifully it brings tears to my eyes. The music is a combination of soft ballads, techno and dance music. If you like music, you'll LOVE No Angel by Dido. Stand-out tracks on this CD include &quot;Here With Me,&quot; &quot;Hunter,&quot; &quot;All You Want,&quot; &quot;ThankYou,&quot; &quot;Slide,&quot; and the infectious bonus track &quot;Take my Hand.&quot; I bought this CD a week ago and I have all the words to every song memorized because I listen to it at least twice a day and have yet to get tired of it.
0553579908|5.0|This book along with the first make for a very interesting and intense read.  Dark, it is, but in my opinon the very best that is out in fantasy today.
0618135871|1.0|I felt this book to be boring, an inferior rehash of Roth's other work.  In fact, the prose is sentimental and often downright poor.
0783229100|5.0|What can you say about a silly, somtimes slapstick, comedy caper about cons and grifters scamming a psychotic gangster in 1936 Middle America? A lot! This is one of the best comedy films of the 1970s ever to hit the screen!<br />Starring Robert Redford and Paul Newman, reuniting since 1969's BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID, as Johnny Hooker and Henry Gondorf, a pair of slick cons who avenge the death of one of their friends by the Irish gangster Doyle Lonnegan, played by the towering Robert Shaw. They band together to bilk Lonnegan out of his money in a phony operation involving numbers and horseraces right in their own headquarters. In the end, they are able to outwit and outplay Lonnegan and his henchmen out of the money, and Henry and Johnny walk away as rich men.<br />Along for the wild ride is Eileen Brennan, as the sassy hostess Billie; Charles Durning provides many obstacles for Hooker as corrupt police officer Lt. William Snyder; Ray Walston (TV's &quot;My Favorite Martian&quot;) plays the fast-talking JJ Singleton; Dana Elcar as F.B.I. Agent Polk; and Robert Earl Jones as Luther, whose death sets off the whole &quot;sting&quot; in motion. <br />It's a smart, witty, and fast-paced film that is so modern, yet also vintage in other ways. The excellent 30s music of Scott Joplin is brought back by Marvin Hamlisch. The clothes and sets are superb, and you kind of feel the essence of the 30s. The dialogue fits right in with today's language, and yet, has its own style from back then.<br />Winner of 7 Academy Awards in 1973 including: Best Picture - Tony Bill, Michael &amp; Julia Phillips; Best Director - George Roy Hill (reuniting with Newman and Redford since BUTCH AND SUNDANCE); Best Original Screenplay - David S. Ward; Best Art Direction/Set Decoration; Best Costume Design (by multiple winner Edith Head); Best Film Editing; and Best Adaptation Score.<br />A truly fun caper that proves there is life in comedies!
B00000373U|5.0|this is my favorite album from Elliot Smith. And when I say that I say it lightly because everyone of his other CD's are amazing as well. The reason I really prefer this one over the others is because I like the more home feel it gives, accousticly and the pain that seems to show from his music. A great album that should be given more attention.
B000002H2H|5.0|This album has to be THE best Metallica ever. I wore out my old cassette when in high school. The bone crunching power of fight fire with fire, haunting melody of Kirk's guitar in fade to black, the awesome break neck speed of trapped under ice. This album was BY FAR the BEST METALLICA ever.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This cd is simply put an amazing peice of  work from begining to end. I don't think I should add anymore because it doesn't matter if i like it, you need to buy this.
B000002H33|5.0|This album has no equal; although it is surpassed by Ride the Lightning. This was Metallica in it's prime, just before they busted into mainstream. Touring with Oz, they were what Metal stood for. This generation of kids, growing up on the Black album, Load, etc, are not getting true Metallica at it's finest. This album kicked...
B000059HCI|5.0|As can be seen from the heated commentary copied here regarding the DVD version, this movie is guaranteed to evoke a passionate response from even the most jaded of moviegoers. This in essence is the movie that TRAFFIC should have been. Stylishly filmed, well written and superbly acted the film successfully takes the viewer into the addled lifestyle of substance abusers, chronicles the pitfalls and burnouts unsparingly and avoids cliche sentimentality. The characters are compelling and well written (and acted)and are most notable for their unsparing ambivilance for the welfare of themselves and others. As someone who works among addicts and abusers I immediately recognized the self-centred, self-deluding attitude in these characters that is the sine qua non of the junkies existence. Cinematically the movie is also breathtaking with its accelerated pace, thematic montages and its unsparing accuracy. Certainly not a movie for kids to watch without their parents; properly viewed this movie could be a very strong learning tool for those who find thereselves lured by drugs (of any kind). Furthermore the movie is a stunning condemnation of modern society's preoccupation with \\"having it all now\\"..a promise that drugs (and the drug pushers)seem to offer to the unwary. Everyone in this movie is looking for the quick fix - money, fame, power, and all seek it through drugs, with devastating results.   There is no doubt that this is an entertaining, compelling and sobering film and I heartily recommend it. There is just one point that troubles me. Like its more milque-toast compatriot TRAFFIC this movie uses the example of a white woman having sex with a black man to mark the ultimate decline of the character. Now its clear that the act itself is centred around drugs, but the use of the ...black drug dealer as the emodiment of her demise is a little trite. It would have made it a stronger and more balanced film if the drug dealer had been white. The message would then be clearthat it is the act and not who she does it with that marks her demise. Watch it yourself and see what I mean, but by all means watch it.
B000002HMH|2.0|I was really disappointed by this album. However, I have been disappointed with  most of Metallica's releases over the last few years. I am assuming this is because they simply grew a different direction than I did.
B000056NX4|5.0|This is truly a great production- thanks to the complex performance of one man -JEROME PRADON as Judas!!! He was so amazing he sent me to my Bible looking for ways to defend Iscariot.  Pre-destination, free-will, foe or friend...Pradon touched on all these elements.  What an actor!  <br />Carter was fine,  Morris was fine...but Pradon steals the show. This is the first time I have ever seen anything with this actor and now I am looking for other performances.<br />If you watch this video for any reason- get it for Jerome Pradon's stirring portrayal of Judas.
B000002H97|3.0|This album was a continued fall into heartless and more mechanical music that Metallica has continued to produce ever since Justice.
B00000K3CR|5.0|Oh boy do I love this movie. I'm so glad to hear it's going to come out on DVD (I'm pre-ordering now). I really doubt that Hollywood can make romantic comedies this good any more. Well, hopefully I'm wrong, but quite honestly, I haven't seen any better union since &quot;Big&quot; --  a screenplay so well written, a director so creative (as Penny Marshall), an actor so talented (as Tom Hanks), an actress so lovely (as Elizabeth Perkins), plus a perfect supporting cast (Robert Loggia, Jon Lovitz, Mercedes Ruehl...) Forgive me for being a bit cynical here, but movies like this have become so rare these days, just like happy marriages.
B000002J1O|5.0|There are lots of reviews like mine posted here. Read them. You'll notice that everyone enjoyed this record for different reasons. I also have a thousand positive adjectives I could use. But I don't feel like boring you to death.  If each one of us can find something beautiful in this work, then it must be a true masterpiece...
B00003CXDZ|5.0|Boy meets girl, boy gets girl, boy loses girl.<br />That's basically the plotline of &quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; in a nutshell, but the way Baz Luhrmann interprets this story on screen has to be seen to be believed.<br />Lots of lavish color, movement, sights and sounds explode on the screen like a Toulouse Lautrec painting on acid.<br />Baz has captured all the excitement and decadence of 1800s Paris, given it a modern twist and reinvented the classic movie musicals of days gone by. And the result? A truly unique cinematic experience that will be talked about for years to come!<br />The first frenetic 30 minutes will have you clutching your seat and gasping for breath. It's like a white-knuckle ride at your favorite theme park - it's almost too much to take. But what a ride!<br />&quot;Moulin Rouge&quot; is a movie to be viewed more than once....if only to take in what you missed the first time.<br />You'll either love or loathe it. But if you choose the latter, quickly take your pulse and check that you're still in the land of the living!
B000057NVH|5.0|When I heard this album in Polish radio for the first time just after it was released, I was sixteen years old. When I can hear it now in its newest technical version (hybrid CD, SACD and multichannel version) I fill almost the same impressions. It was almost unbelieveble that one young man (in early seventies) can imagine such a sophisticated music and consequently step-by-step, alone play and record it on multitrack recorder. New digital version of this recording enables listening to technical perfection of it. For instance delicate introduction and very deep bass further (my almost perfect headphones enables to hear how deep it really is). Despite of the many next recordings of Mike Oldfield(including three further versions of &quot;Tubular Bells&quot;) this one I remember and like the most.
0064407667|1.0|When this novel was given to my son as a birthday present, the family proceeded to read it aloud, as is our custom. We're fiction lovers in this family; I'm a writer myself. My husband and I kept waiting for it to get better. No such luck. The ending was awful.<br />If you're looking for a one-dimensional story, with no subplot, no character development, unbelievable sketches built around gimmicks rather than in-depth characters anyway, an ending we pretty much guessed long before the semi-melodramatic finale, loads of flaws in the plot, etc., you're really gonna enjoy this book.<br />Others may wonder, as I do, what on earth is going on with HarperCollins these days. This is yet one more book from my earstwhile favorite publisher where the jacket copy is far more interesting than the book itself. Beneath the hype, a real stinker, sad to say.
B000007WNN|5.0|Every single track is perfect.
B000056K04|3.0|This is my second time reviewing this CD.  The first time I also gave it three stars.  But after reading how so many people loved this album, and almost as many people hated it, I decided to give it another chance.  A lot of people claimed, &quot;Yeah, it's different but it's good to explore other musical styles, and DMB pulled it off, yada yada yada...&quot;  The only thing I can respect about Everyday is that it's music recorded by good musicians and a good songwriter.  But nothing here equals anything from their earlier albums.  I guess I'm a little disappointed in realizing they aren't superhuman.  I thought it was impossible for them to put out a lame song, but there are a few of them on this CD.  On each of their previous albums, there was seemed to be one song I skipped over.  On Remember Two Things, I always skip Ants Marching.  On Under the Table and Dreaming, I sometimes skip What Would You Say and/or Satellite.  On Crash, it's Drive In Drive Out and on BTCS I sometimes skip Rapunzel and Stay.  Everything else sounds good to me on those CDs and I listen to them all the time.  The good songs on Everyday are so sporadic it's barely worth putting the CD on in the first place.  I felt like Before These Crowded Streets really put DMB up on a pedestal, in their own category, and Everyday did nothing to build upon that.  One reviewer said, &quot;It's different but who wants to listen to the same music all the time anyway?&quot;  That's the words of someone who has gotten tired of DMB music and wanted them to sell out with more pop songs.  I agree that exploring new styles is good, but the Lillywhite Sessions, which I downloaded off Napster, provided deeper lyrics and more haunting music while keeping the same Dave Matthews edge.  You can change without selling out.<br />And don't get me wrong; Everyday is still better than most music you hear anymore.  But when I'm looking for a good DMB CD to listen to, I always pick one of the other ones, or the Lillywhite Sessions.  And also, someone said that there's moshpits at Dave Matthews concerts.  In the three concerts I've been to I've never seen that.  Nothing but peace and love and listening to a damn good band.<br />To hear what we missed out on from the Lillywhite Sessions, try to download Bartender, Monkey Man, Big Eyed Fish, Kit Kat Jam,, Digging a Ditch, Grey Street, Sweet Up and Down, Grace is Gone, JTR, Raven, Captain, and Busted Stuff.  Not that I condone pirating- please buy the actual CD when it comes out.
0446677450|4.0|I found this book to be quite valuable. I made my son read it before buying a car which I felt was beyond his repayment ability. The parts about putting your money into things that create more money instead of things that just depreciate and put you further in debt was right on. Our children are urged to get a job as they get older but we just don't teach them what to do with the money they earn. I recommend this book to those who would like to rethink their financial situation.
0060392886|5.0|Im not the biggest Motley Crue fan in the world.  I always preferd Metallica, AC/DC and grunge. But, I decided to pick up this book on a friends advice and Ill tell you what, to my suprise I could not put thing down. It is like a crazy Hollywood movie and yet these guys lived through this crazy lifestyle. Some very cool stories. The only album I really liked from Motley was Shout at the Devil, but after reading this book I actually went out and bought three more albums from this band, because anyone is crazy as these guys, deserves more credit in my opinon.
076783819X|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie.<br />Tim Robbins was really, really, better than good. With Jeff Bridges, who is a terrorism teacher whose wife was killed, while working as an agent for the FBI. Brillant!! Five stars isn't enough
B00005B36H|5.0|I got this cd a couple of days ago and I've listened to it 8 or 9 times all the way through already. There is not a song on this cd that isn't absoloutely beautiful in some way. From the genuinely &quot;pretty&quot; songs like The Patient(amazing) to the horribly nasty pretty sounds of Ticks and Leeches. This album really blew me away. It took a few listens to really digest, due to it's epic nature, but the delay was worth the musical bliss that accompanies each listen. It's not an overall hard and fast album(although it has it's moments of that as well), it is a musical EXPERIENCE that everyone should try, reguardless of your usual musical taste. The songs are so complex, so layered, that it is IMPOSSIBLE to digest in one sitting. I suggest casually listening through the cd the first couple or three times, then actually sit and think about the music. Absorb it, analyze it. It has an amazing dearth of radio-hit material, due mostly to the really long songs(which never get old due to the twist and turns that occurs in the songs). But this only further validates Tool as musicians and artists first, and as a product to be marketed a distant second.<br />Also worth mentioning is the awesoe packaging. I'm not going to try to describe it, just trust me when I say the art is very, very cool.
B00005A1PR|5.0|With all the rap, hip-hop and teeny-bopper pop, this stands out. Smooth with a jazz/blues feel, it is perfect in the car or as background music. Great voice, great music, positive lyrics...I could go on, but you should hear this for yourself. It's worth it, I promise.
B00003CXAW|5.0|A movie I can't wait for to be released on DVD.  It's almost a crime that it isn't available yet.
020530902X|5.0|If you're used previous editions of this book and are debating if the price of a version upgrade is worth it, a short answer is Yes! This edition is sufficiently revised to justify its price, and the binding is good enough not to justify the hardback version. For any person who writes for a living, this is that little gem that is as always short and sweet to refer to. Unlike the Chicago Manual of Style, it is also a little easier to get off your shelf more frequently!
B00003CXE6|3.0|I actually liked Gladiator quite a bit, but I had one major problem with it, and that was that every time Russel Crowe looked up, I expected him to be Mel Gibson.  I also found myself quoting Braveheart in almost every scene.  I think the writers were at least as fond as Braveheart as I am, and they weren't able to break out of that mold.  So my main problem was that it wasn't original enough.
0345298349|4.0|I read this book in english class it was just on the shelf w/ out a cover ecept for a few words on the back were it said what the book was about mystery kgb etc.  so i read the book with out much knowelge of the book.  I thought it was a really good book and it was my first mystery book. the only bad thing about it is that it is kinda hard to follow in some places but other than that it was very good a relly good plot and u know the people very quickly and u get into the book very quikly.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|This is a fund CD.  Some of it is great, some of it is not-so-great.  Overall, though, I enjoyed it.  Purists probably won't enjoy it at all... There are so many new versions of different songs... The catchy new rendition of Lady Marmalade, as well as the remake of Rhythm of the Night, the awful rendition of Your Song, a cute version of Sparkling Diamonds, and a great song --Children of the Revolution make for an interesting CD.  Some people have reviewed it as an odd combination, but if you enjoy CDs that leave you guessing, this one is for you!
B00003CXP1|1.0|Superlative, superlative, superlative after cliched superlative!  This is, without a doubt, the single, solitary greatest, most divine, concretely meaningful event in the whole of the narrative of time!  The entire 15-20 billion year history of the world has been leading to THIS MOMENT, THIS FILM!  Mankind has been worthless and any and all works of art, nay, ANY ACTIONS BY ANY SPECIES ANYWHERE, EVER, have been utterly useless and futile compared to this film!  <br />This is it, the messiah of Judaism, the second coming of Christianity, the S.M.I^2.L.E. of Timothy Leary, ALL ROLLED INTO ONE!  This film is, simply, ALL THINGS TO ALL PEOPLE!  No single person, group of people, action, event, idea, community, nation, belief system, galaxy, supercluster, or inflationary big bang deserves our collective human admiration and worship as much as Darren Aronofsky!  <br />KANE is worthless!  POTEMKIN is child's play!  RAGING BULL is trivial!  2001 is trite and predictable!  The Sistine Chapel is boring!  The lighthouse at Alexandria was structurally unsound and its quality was nought!  Matisse was a hack!  Representative democracy is a meaningless exercise!<br />NOTHING, ANYWHERE, EVER, ANYTIME, ANYPLACE, CAN EVER POSSIBLY BE MEANINGFUL EVER AGAIN, NOW THAT REQUIEM FOR A DREAM IS EXTANT!  IT IS ABSOLUTELY THE PINNACLE OF CIVILIZATION.  PERIOD.  ARONOFSKY, PAUL THOMAS ANDERSON, AND TODD SOLONDZ ARE THE GREATEST ARTISTS AND, FRANKLY, HUMANS THAT HAVE EVER LIVED, BUT ARONOFSKY DWARVES THEM ALL!<br />Your existence is comical and worthless UNLESS YOU BUY THIS DVD AND SUBMIT TO ITS LITERAL UBIQUITOUS AUTHORITY.
B000001ELP|3.0|I do have to admit I am one of the KISS fans that loves this album. At the same time I am not going to crank it up in the car and cruise around town. This is an album for the intellectually enlightened KISS fan. I'm not saying you are stupid for not liking this, but I am saying you are challenged musically. If this was done by Pink Floyd it would have been called a masterpiece, but people just did not expect this from KISS. It didn't have a Detroit Rock City, or Love Gun on it so it was passed over as a bomb. This was based on poetry by Gene and was to be made into a movie. I am glad they did not proceed for the fact I didn't want to have to endure another Phantom of the Park. But the music is quit enchanting. The Odyssey and I, World Without Heroes, and Mr Blackwell really wear on you to become a KISS Klassic album.
B000059Z8J|5.0|I have waited about twenty years to see the footage of Superman the Movie which was only shown on ABC television during its broadcast run.  None of the cable stations which picked it up ever bothered to do so.  I remember vividly seeing Supes going through Luthor's gauntlet (who cares if the villain already knew that The Man of Steel would be impervious to the bullets, fire, and ice?) as a 6 or 7 year old being able to stay up past my nine o' clock bedtime.  The sound and picture quality is outstanding and the behind the scenes extras (starring Jimmy Olsen himself- what ever became of him anyway?) are fun.  There are even some lost lost scenes deleted from the final film- Superman's rescue of Miss Teshmacker for one.  We now have the complete Superman.. now how about the complete Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan?
B000001ELB|4.0|This is a greatest hits CD of KISS in their prime with a disco version of Strutter. It should have stayed as it was, but this was the beginning of the downfall into albums like Unmasked, and their attempt at rock disco. This CD has the classic heavy metal sounds KISS is known for like Rock Bottom and Detroit Rock City. It's like have the studio version of Alive and Alive 2, but with all the crowd noise! Probably the greatest, greatest hits compilation ever released by any band. Not all songs were singles just great songs like it shhould be. This should be one of the first in a collection along with Destroyer and Alive.
B00004XONN|1.0|I like Radiohead and their first three albums.  So I gave this album half a year because I really wanted to like it.  But not even a mother could love this one!  This album never should have left the  studio.  Too bad, because I really like the alternative movement or what's left of it, except this record is worse than rap or disco.   All the songs, but one, are too much electronica junk for me, sorely lacking in melody and songwriting.
B00003CXQY|4.0|The special 2 disc version does not have as much as I hoped for. The movie is great and breaks all the rules in animation. The DVD does have an interesting commentary and is quite informative. The extra scenes don't show a whole lot. There is a Sting video, but if I remember right the video and commentary are available on the regular version. That may be the better way to go. There is a game on there that might be challenging to someone that does not know how to work a remote control. The bonus on Toy Story 1,2 and Bug's life special edition gave so much more. The bonus may be a disappointment but the movie is a laugh riot! Every one will love it!
B000001F5F|4.0|This CD is an excellent example of the live sound of the most exciting and compassionate rock band of the early 80's. As great as the music is on this disc, it cannot compare to the video by the same name. The photography and picture quality are as raw and flawed as the weather the day of the concert (cold and wet), but it seems to be an absolutely perfect match for the incredible energy of the band as they perform with no toys, gimmicks, back-ups, extras... It is not the prettiest show, but it is without a doubt the most moving musical performance I have witnessed. In addition, there are several songs on the video that are virtually criminal ommissions from the CD including &quot;Surrender&quot; and &quot;I Threw a Brick.&quot;
B000001ELR|5.0|This is quite possibly the heaviest KISS album out there. Death Metal acts love to cover songs off this album like War Machine and I Love It Loud. From beginning to end the album just screams! Guitar work on this album was done by Eddie Van Halen and Vinnie Vincent(pre-KISS) even though Ace is pictured on the cover. Which explains the heavier thicker sound. And Eric Carr's drumming is phenominal showing why KISS snagged up the Fox. Paul Stanley's ballad I Still Love You is even heavy for a ballad. His vocals are just at the top of his game. This is arena rock at its best.
B000002UAI|5.0|I don't see at what all the whining regarding this album is directed. True, Beatles for Sale contains plenty of covers, and perhaps that grants it a bit of inconsistency, yet the original tracks on the album are in my opinion some of the best the Beatles ever wrote, and at the very least the best of their early unpretentious years. No reply, I'm a loser, Baby's in Black, I'll Follow the sun, and What you're Doing are all sublime pop gems even by the Beatles'lofty standards.
B000001ELP|3.0|I do have to admit I am one of the KISS fans that loves this album. At the same time I am not going to crank it up in the car and cruise around town. This is an album for the intellectually enlightened KISS fan. I'm not saying you are stupid for not liking this, but I am saying you are challenged musically. If this was done by Pink Floyd it would have been called a masterpiece, but people just did not expect this from KISS. It didn't have a Detroit Rock City, or Love Gun on it so it was passed over as a bomb. This was based on poetry by Gene and was to be made into a movie. I am glad they did not proceed for the fact I didn't want to have to endure another Phantom of the Park. But the music is quit enchanting. The Odyssey and I, World Without Heroes, and Mr Blackwell really wear on you to become a KISS Klassic album.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tools latest album &quot;Lateralus&quot; was released last week in record stores and sold a staggering 552,000 copies in one week going gold and knocking Destinys Child off the No.1 position on the album chart.<br />Finally music that isn't middle of the road, that is different, creative, very avant garde gets its due.<br />Tool is not your usual rock band.  This is something that is different than what I have ever heard before since I bought my first record &quot;Seasons In the Sun&quot; by Terry Jacks in 1974.<br />You have to LISTEN to this album to get its message through.  Everyone will perceive this album differently.  But it is a true rock masterpiece produced and written to perfection.<br />The video &quot;Schism&quot; that is currently playing on MTV is a work of art all its own, that totally conforms to the music and lyrics of the song.<br />The rest of the album is a story all its own giving you from beginning to end a music storytellers dream.<br />From &quot;Mantra&quot; to &quot;Ticks &amp; Leeches&quot; to &quot;The Grudge&quot; every song has its own identity and sound that wakes up your imagination from the dull music out there today i.e. Britney Spears, Jessica Simpson, Backstreet Boys, etc.<br />&quot;Lateralus&quot; is a tighter, better produced product than from their previous efforts.  The band put all out on this effort which in my opinion should be album of the year at the Grammies in 2002.<br />A piece of art always at work.  Finally something refreshing to add to my collection.
B00000265X|4.0|This album is what 80's music ia all about. Strong vocals, screaching guitars, and synthesizers. This was really the only BIG album Europe had but what a way to go. The Final Countdown is still played at countless sporting events. The ballad Carrie is a classic 80s ballad. Songs also off the album worth mentioning are, Cherokee and Rock the Night. Both strong singles. Sometimes compared to Bon Jovi the only resemblance is the hair. You could go and get Europes greatest hits CD but as far as I am concerned this is it. This CD has been said to saound like everything else produced from the 80's but it's more like everything else was produced to sound like this.
B00003CXA2|5.0|And this movie is not a very good one...<br />One of my teachers in high school told the class that a plausible story isn't necessary a true one, but can also be something that technically MIGHT happen in real life. Forrest just had TOO many strokes of good luck and situations where he was at the right place at the right time to make it a good story in that respect. This might not be anyone else's definition of a good story, but it is certainly mine...<br />Also, all the characters in this movie, especially Jenny's and Lt. Dan's, are just a huge cliche of amateur psychology and kitch... Nothing original or unexpected about them - two dimentional in other words.<br />Many people here speak of the movie's great message of the triumph of human nature. But everything Forrest did was not because he knew it was the right thing to do at the moment, but just because he was there and he reacted to the situation in the only way he knew how to. I've read a review that brought his shrimping sucess as an example: the only reason Forrest became successful was because everyone else's ship sank, not because he did something extraordinarily well... Forrest did not think about the great task of representing his country while playing ping pong in China - he just did what he knew how to do, play ping pong.... And there are numerous other examples.<br />But the worst part of this movie experience was Tom Hanks. I think that he has great potential as an actor - see Philadelphia, for instance. But since then, he seems to be acting out the same character over and over again: the basically good guy who'll eventually win - I couldn't tell the difference between any 2 parts if they weren't in different customs and situations. The fact that Hanks is potentially a great actor just makes his type casting even worse to watch...
B000001DYJ|4.0|I really enjoyed the song selection on this Alive 3! KISS could have easily put the same old songs as they have been playing for 20 years on here that appeared on Alive 1 and Alive 2 but put down the new songs like Unholy, I Just Wanna, Domino, along with rarely seen live songs like Creatures of the Night, and I Still Love You. It was cool to see Watchin You and Heaven's on Fire. It's like they selected songs that are not only heavy but signified who they were as a band at the time after Revenge. The sound I think is darker. I wouldn't say grunge but there is definetly more distortion and less clean guitars used hear than Alive 1 or 2.
1884822312|4.0|What is immediately noticeable about this book (apart from its size!) is the last name of the author: Polgar.  One immediately wonders if there's any relation to the Polgar Phenoms (the &quot;PP&quot; sisters, I call them) and whatdayaknow, it's none other than their father (and first coach) Laszlo.  To have such a pedigree is quite nice for a Chess book and it doesn't disappoint.  Filled with all those problems, combinations and games, there's plenty for everyone regardless of their Chess strength.  The one-move-mates were a little too easy until I realised the author's intent must have been to reinforce by repeatition the basic mates that any Chess player worth his salt simply must know.  A job well done.  4 stars for the effort, the remaining star witheld-after all, it's only a problem book!  ;-P
B00005B36H|5.0|(This a article that I wrote for the paper<br />Five years after Aenima, Tool is back with nothing close to a rehash of previous work, but a continuation of what could be a noble experiment<br />  Where's the first stage?   It's the picture we paint in our minds when we are stimulated into thinking. We throw colors around to help build a mood and import images from past experiences, creating a landscape appropriate to the stimuli.   There are a few bands around today whose express purpose in the creation of their music is to stimulate thought, and while there are many bands and industry drones screeching out lyrics to sway today's culture into a false sense of pleasantry, Tool is standing forth as a blaring red light at the intersection of fluff reality and the truth of harsh reality.   After a five-year absence from the studio, Tool has returned with Lateralus, a strong continuance to the epic of thought that they began with Opiate in 1992.   As with what they have previously achieved, Tool has strung together the words of vocalist Maynard James Keenan and music of guitarist Adam Jones, bassist Justin Chancellor and drummer Danny Carey (and a better drummer currently living I cannot think of) to create an atmosphere of warning, a call to arms for those who have the arms to answer the call, a lament decrying the state of life that we are running through.   A slap to the pale cheek of humanity, painful, but adding color to our bland existence.   Music feeds, it enters through our ears and heads to where nourishment is needed, hence the success of bubblegum pop. Pop simply feeds the escape from responsibility, have your fun here while you can, dance and spin, and you need not think of what is happening outside of the small circle of right now. And in that feeding frenzy is where we fall victim to the stereotype of freewheeling, fun-loving individuals who are unwilling to review what it is that we have done and what it is that we are doing. And Tool calls us on this point. Telling us to take a look at ourselves and the small world around us and realize what it is that is out there; ugly in its way but holding value if we will take the time to work on what needs to be worked on.   On Lateralus, track five \\"Ticks &amp; Leeches\\"  says \\"Hope this is what you wanted. Hope this what you had in mind. `Cause this is what you're getting.\\"   On 1996's Aenima, the title track calls for the natural destruction of the Los Angeles basin with its pretentious film industry that attempts to dictate the rules to citizens caught in the glow of the television and movie theater screens.   From 1993's Undertow, \\"Sober\\" asks us what we are doing, are we drunk on religion? Are we looking for release in the words of The Book, or are we taking humanity for what it is?   Then there is \\"Disgustipated\\" with its repetition of \\"This is necessary, life feeds on life.\\"   Though Tool, in their words and music, calls upon reality, their live shows offer something somewhat different. Keenan, brutally honest in his lyrics, turns into the performer, dressed to the hilt in costumes and drag.   When Tool comes back to the States after their current European tour, we should have the opportunity to witness the spectacle of their live show (though not at the Santa Barbara Bowl, they have been banned for playing too late into the evening).   Tool is a band that is standing out away from the pretenders and carbon copies of current music, they have a voice asking questions, waiting for us to answer.   For more information on Tool and tour info, go to [...]
B00003CXP1|5.0|The first thing to say is that \\"Requiem for a dream\\" is not a movie for everyone. In fact, it is a movie that would only please a minority. People might find it gross, brutal, and too disturbing; that's ok, although I consider it a work of art. Because this is art, to make something new, original, using new ideas, new methods. And that's what Darren Aronofski has done, reaching the status of one of the most controversial and intesresting directors in the cinema industry. And his biggest achievement is that he's made a movie of emotions, something we miss in most of the cinema made today. We feel this movie, we feel its characters and their addictions, and that's exactly what I'm looking for in films. I don't want movies that makes me feel the same way before and after watching it. I don't want  superficial stuff that serves as a superficial entertainment for the millions of people who goes to the movies to see the same formula every time. How can that be fun? How can it be an entertainment? This movie is for the \\"other audience\\", for the ones who like to be involved with what their watching, with the ones who like watching something new and original, for the ones who are looking for breathtaking emotions. <br />Other thing to say about \\"Requiem for a dream\\" is that it's not just an entertainment: it's almost an experiment. An analysis of the conflict between humans and reality, and how our desperation for getting out of the real life and reach our dreams can become the worst nightmare. <br />Aronofski does an excellent, absolutely brilliant job, converting his film in a drug itself. Although it can be highly disturbing, we are  somehow addicted to what we are seeing; the director has created the perfect atmosphere for what he's telling; his use of the camera and technology increases the intensity of the images to unexpected levels, putting us right in the middle of the paranoia, a fictitious atmosphere in which there's no space, no time, and no way out.<br />To end,the acting. All of them are just amazing; Marlon Wayans is faithful to his character, giving a convincing performance as Jared Leto's best friend. Jennifer Connelly just blew my mind. She puts all the talent she has (which is a lot) to create a difficult character.  Leto is excellent in a complicated performance that goes far beyond any other role he's ever played. And Ellen Burstyn does something in this movie I've probably never seen in any other actor or actress before. She puts body, heart and soul to make a performance that achieves the highest levels of perfection. Her bravery to hold this risky role as she did has to be recognized at every moment. There's no need to say she deserved the Oscar, although it doesn't bother me that much, the Academy Awards will always be a fake.<br />To conclude, this movie is an astonishing, marvelous masterpiece that should be seen by the people who looks for \\"something else\\" in movies.  Welcome the the pure essence of cinema!
B00000DG1R|5.0|Like most people coming of age in the 1980's I fell in love with Duran Duran.  Years later a friend gave me this CD as part of a &quot;remember this?&quot; gift.  I remembered a lot of great things as I listened to the songs over and over but then, for the first time, I really listened to the lyrics and the multi-layered melodies that escaped me when I was younger.  They really put a lot into their music and it's worth revisiting.  You'll remember a more innocent time in your life and find new meanings to apply to your more hectic, adult life.  The video collection is awesome as well.  Men in make-up never looked so good!
6305558167|5.0|Firstly, let me address a point, to compare Braveheart to Excalibur as Mike Brenner does above, and have Excalibur coming off as the loser is absurd.  Braveheart is Hollywood tosh whereas Boorman's movie is a genuine attempt to encapsulate a classic legend into 2-hours of pure escapism.  Anyone with a reasonable degree of imagination and a penchant for medieval action is bound to enjoy this title.  It's got it all; great fights scenes!, magic!, horses!, and all the usual derring-do! and yes it is necessary to use exclamations because that's what the film is all about.  A veritable rollercoaster ride to use a much used film cliche.  And the music's not bad either.  Rent it - you know you want to - or better yet buy it and watch it when you get back from the pub.
B00005AFVR|5.0|To all of you so called &quot;fans of Springsteen&quot; who were dissapointed in this cd, do you have any idea how lucky we are to have the gifts that Mr. Springsteen and the E-Steet band bring us. Give me a break, you are all a bunch of hypocrites to think you can judge this cd as experts.  You should be ashamed of yourselves.  This man is the best at what he does.  And if you don't know what that is then how can you call yourself a fan.  This is a beautiful cd as is all of his works, he puts us in every song with his unbelieveable gift of writing.  I believe in free speach but some of you people are just a bunch of idoits.
0767814037|1.0|Let's face it, Director Lawrence Kasdan is too much of a contemplate-your-navel film director to make a good Western. Like his intermidable \\"The Big Chill,\\" \\"Silverado\\" is overly long, overly chatty and a total bore. Sure its got a great cast (though these days, the presence of Kevin Costner might make one reconsider the use of the term \\"great\\"), but they are wasted in the wake of an unnecessarily convoluted plot. If you want a great modern Western, try \\"Tombstone\\" or \\"Unforgiven\\" instead.
6305078564|4.0|Of course this movie was one of the best I have seen, but the sound and video quality was horrendous. It looks as though they copied it right off a VHS tape. I guess, just because it is a DVD doesn't meean it's a clear picture after all. Be Warned.
B00001MXWX|1.0|I'll start off by saying that I am a long time Trekkie and I actually prefer &quot;The Next Generation&quot; to the original series.  That said, &quot;Insurrection&quot; is easilly the worst film of any in the Star Trek series.  It is also a collosal disappointment next to the previous entry &quot;First Contact,&quot; the best of the Next Generation movies.  The biggest problem is that F. Murray Abraham is one of the wimpiest villians Trek has ever ever had.  Khan, for example, could have kicked his butt with one hand tied behind his back.  The second problem is that the plot itself is a snooze.  The Enterprise crew goes out on a limb to save a bunch of the dullest supporting characters they've ever run across.  But ultimately what does this film in is the lighthearted tone that drains all of the drama right out of it.  The &quot;Next Generation&quot; cast has always been far too earnest and serious-minded to be entertaining when they try to lighten up.<br />Ultimately, this is a movie that all but the most ardent Trekkies will likely hate.  Here's hoping that the next entry in the series will be a return to form.
078401213X|5.0|For originality this movie deserves 5 stars. If you do not have a strong mathematical background I recommend watching something else (may I recommend the Jerry Springer show to the general reader). If you have been exposed to some chaos theory and possibly neural networks you will appreciate the content/originality of this film. In the film, the main character, Max Cohen is obsessed with building a NN that would perfectly predict an index (this has been done in reality, but obviously with much poorer precesion). He is also being pesterred by some bankers (I wonder why) and Orthodox Jews (who believe he can help them crack what they believe to be a code in the torah). Again, the movie deserves 5 stars for its originality as a film, if you are familiar with some of the mathematical concepts you will appreciate  it.
6304169558|1.0|I love Tornados.  I love reading about them and I love watching tornado videos.  And that's why this film was such a collosal disappointment to me.  Yes, the special effects are teriffic, but the screenplay is SO corny and contrived that I found myself wishing that all of the human characters would be anihilated.  Problem number one is Jamie Gertz's character, the girfriend of Bill Paxton's hero character.  She serves absolutely no purpose and every moment she is on screen is like fingernails on the blackboard.  Then there's the alleged romance between Helen Hunt and Paxton that is completely contrived and predicatble.  Let's also throw in an incredibly stupid subplot involving so &quot;bad guy&quot; rival scientists (&quot;bad&quot; only because they have the audacity to take better paying jobs and to have theories that differ from the heroes).  The film also makes the fundamental scientific mistake of referring to the climax tornado as an &quot;F5&quot; when that scientific description refers to the damage a tornado causes, not its appearance.  Believe me, I could keep going.<br />Bottom line is that the screenplay for this film was written at about the level of a ten-year-old.  It has as many surprises and about as much drama as a Saturday morning cartoon.  Any weather-phile with a brain will likely be sorely disappointed.
0452282152|5.0|I was completely taken in by this magical novel of another time and another place.  I am astounded by the imagination the author demonstrates by creating this rich and utterly believable story around a piece of artwork, weaving the sparse facts we know about Vermeer's life with knowledge of the people and customs of Delft.  Thank you, Tracy Chevalier, for a look into lives I didn't know I'd been missing.
B000002HMH|5.0|Load basically keeps moving in the same direction Metallica's Black Album turned in. Rather than the fast paced speed metal Metallica played back in the eighties. Load features a softer, more melodic style of music. Regardless of the fact that it's more of a hard rock album then a heavy metal album, I just naturally enjoyed this one. And enjoyment is basically the only thing I demand out of music, not just &quot;artistic value&quot; (which is definitely nice, but not a necessity) or speed.<br />I'd like to point something out about Load that I think might have secretly contributed to the &quot;different sound&quot; many criticize it for having: Metallica turned their guitars down from E minor to E flat minor, making the album sound a bit more &quot;outdoorsy&quot; and atmospheric. I happen to like this new sound style because it really makes the album something you can play in your mind when living daily life (and I just have a natural liking for the key of Eb in metal and rock music). On the contrary, earlier Metallica albums are more something you listen to, enjoy, and then forget about until you decide to listen to them again. James's singing voice is also the best of any Metallica album ever released IMO, with And Justice For All clocking in at a close second. The man's voice has deepened quite a bit with age, and it's good he still managed to put a lot of life into it even at the age of 32. His growls definitely sound much better here than in the Black Album (Where I feel they sounded a bit forced), and his actual singing voice is also fairly decent.<br />The instrumentation is also some of Metallica's best. Some of Metallica's older music, namely just songs like Damage, Inc., seemed to lack any real musical substance. It's nice to see Metallica put a good effort into writing the riffs for this album. The Outlaw Torn, for example, has a very &quot;cinematic&quot; riff to it. As for the solos, they have potential but are just too short IMO. And Justice For All'sOne had one of the best solos of any Metallica song ever released, even with how relatively long it was. None of that on Load. Instead the solos are usually at most thirty seconds, the longest being Bleeding Me's. Though I guess this is mostly because of the way Hammett was handling a lot of the rhythm guitaring in addition to the lead guitaring.<br />As for the whole sell out thing, I've noticed something here: There's been probably more debate over whether or not Load and ReLoad were sell outs than whether or not their actual music was any good! And just because it's a sell out doesn't necessarely make it bad. I grew up listening not to MTV &quot;rock&quot; or &quot;alternative&quot; but rather a lot of classic rock (many of which was actually considered heavy metal at the time) and oldies. Black Sabbath, Ted Nugent, Ozzy Osbourne, Aerosmith, even the Supremes. So I'm not one of those chumps just giving into whatever MTV puts out. I felt right at home with the hard rock on this album. Not to mention listening to it brings back a lot of memories from my junior high school years (I was just getting out of seventh grade when it came out). Even today, it feels perfect for the times. Just listen to it when you're on the beach or when the sun's shining and you'll see what I mean. By contrast, I can't really remember much from the days of Master of Puppets since I was so young at the time. <br />In fact, whether or not some ex-fans may want to admit it, a lot of the people who liked Load and ReLoad aren't these &quot;MTV chumps&quot; who also listen to bands like Blink 182 and NSync. Many are just as into heavy metal as you are but just enjoyed the more laid back style of the two Loads. I happen to know this because I know a lot of people who liked Load and ReLoad and this is basically what they're like. This is probably an album that turned a lot of music fans to the heavy metal scene the way the Black album did. And it's still a lot heavier than any other band MTV promotes (especially today with heavy metal mockeries like Limp Bizkit and posers like Britney Spears). <br />So, in conclusion, I love this album. It may be more radio friendly than Met's first four albums, but it's definitely not &quot;inferior&quot; the way some make it out to be. It's just different. And in this case, I think the momentary change was a good thing.
0670451495|5.0|Old-time downtown Boston and an old-time policeman, who kindly befriends the ducks, are brought back to life with Robert McCloskey`s simple and clean drawings and engaging text, hearkening us to a slower and gentler time. Yet these things still happen in the world today. Every once in a while on the News, here in Japan, we`ll see a feature on wild animals dealing with city life, including ducks in a similar situation to the Mallard family in this timeless and timely story.  The boys take pleasure from hearing the tale of the ducks and their search for a suitable home, especially when they know such things actually happen.
B000059QWJ|5.0|This DVD is a bargain at any price. I began my prog rock journey in 1972, at the tender age of nine, with Yes. The journey has been long and fulfilling. Dream Theater recently took the torch. Their work in the studio is astonishing, but to see them pull this stuff off live is simply incredible. I am a musician, and know that it is extremely hard to coordinate even moderately difficult tunes on stage. But these guys, with time signature changes, keyboard/guitar duets, guitar/bass duets, and awesome drumming, boggle the mind. It is impossible to conceive the amount of hard work that is put into their performances. All with a level of professionalism that is unheard of in all but the most elite of levels. After drooling over Yes, Rush, and all of the other prog rock monsters, I am in awe. Drop what you are doing, and order this !!!!!!   NOW !!!!!!
B00004YW6I|5.0|PJ rocks in this album. My fav is &quot;We Float&quot;, but all the songs are good. Have to admit it took me a few listens to really get into the album, but now I'm hooked. PJ has some amazing talent. I highly recommend this album
0792839730|4.0|I've loved this movie since I first saw it in the theaters with my father, then read Cornelius Ryan's superb book.  The cast is wonderful, except Gene Hackman is miscast as a Pole (however, Hackman's valiant attempt at a Polish accent does compare favorably to Kevin Costner's butchering of a Boston accent in Thirteen Days).  Anthony Hopkins is particularly rewarding as the valiant British paratrooper commander who tries to hold on to Arnhem Bridge against a determined onslaught by the Germans.  Certainly, few modern films can lay claim to the kind of star power on display in this film:  Sean Connery, Anthony Hopkins, Dirk Bogarde, Ryan O'Neal, Robert Redford, Elliot Gould, Edward Fox, Michael Caine, Sir Lawrence Olivier, Liv Ullman, James Caan...and even Cliff from Cheers!<br />Beyond the cast, the movie is enhanced by some impressive production credits as well. The technical accuracy of the film is very good, and the story is true to Ryan's book.  Most importantly, the movie tackles the type of war story often avoided in Hollywood -- the costly, embarrassing defeat of the \\"good guys\\" in a battle which should have been won.<br />Given my high regard for the movie, I was very disappointed at the quality of the DVD transfer.  All the flaws of the source film are here for the viewing,...
B00003CX8J|4.0|I thought the X-Men was a well scripted, well acted and directed comic book movie.  The story wasn't sacrificed for the action although the story moves fast and there is a lot of action.  The introduction with Magneto and his parents being rounded up by the Nazis was compelling and helped make Magneto a little more sympathetic then he otherwise would have been.  Ian McClellan is great in the role.  All the actors do a good job, especially Patrick Stewart, Hugh Jackman and Anna Paquin.  The special effects are very impressive.  I especially liked the scene with Magneto tearing the train apart.  The fight scenes were exciting and well choreographed.<br />I know there are those die hard fans of the comic book series who won't be happy with the exclusion of characters or the inconsistencies in the continuity of the Marvel Universe but even the comic changes over time.  I haven't regularly read an issue in years but I recall that Wolverine's claws are now bone.  As for remaining true to the spirit of the comics I think the movie did a great job.  The sound of Wolverine unsheathing his claws is just how I used to imagine it when I was a little boy.
B000059HAI|5.0|Just as I dreaded the prospect of seeing a modern re-make of Psycho, so I dread going to see Pearl Harbor, given the extremely high bar set by its predecessor, Tora Tora Tora.  Let me say right at the outset that I consider this one of the best war films ever made.  Certainly, it has its weaknesses -- there is not the kind of character development you find in a dramatic film such as From Here to Eternity.  Tora Tora Tora is essentially a documentary film, and in that vein it is practically unsurpassed.  The technical accuracy is incredible, especially for a film from the days before computer-generated effects.  Unlike Pearl Harbor, which attempts to pass off Vietnam-era ships as WWII vintage (promotional shots for the movie show the frigate USS Whipple, commissioned in 1971, being bombed by the Japanese in 1941), the ships in Tora Tora Tora accurately depict the ships that were involved in the attack.  They might be miniatures, but at least they're accurate miniatures!  And although the Japanese planes are not authentic -- I believe there are only two authentic Zeros still flying in the world today -- the reproduction planes used in the movie are so convincing that they're still being used in vintage airshows today.  The sets -- including a full-size mock-up of the Japanese battleship Nagato -- are beautifully executed.  And the action sequences are wrenchingly poignant.<br />Part of the enduring appeal of this movie is its balance in depicting very politically sensitive events.  Japanese and American movie makers collaborated on the movie, and as a result the Japanese who participated in the attack are neither glorified nor villified -- just men caught in a momentous historical moment, some enthusiastically and some reluctantly.  Nonetheless, the full infamy of the attack is impressed on the viewer.  Far better to directly and straight-forwardly address these critical aspects of the attack than to avoid or ignore them, which is what I fear may be the case in PearlHarbor.
B000021XS0|5.0|This CD is the greatest masterpiece of Dream Theater, i believe they can not release an album better than &quot;Images &amp; Words&quot;  or the epic &quot;A Change Of Seasons&quot;, but in this album they show us the  great evolution through the years in their composition and execution. Jordan Rudess (the new guy) is great in the keyboards and in piano, and the other four guys are, as always, in perfect form, this is a really artistic album, really good played. This is an exquisite progressive metal album.
B000004286|5.0|Freedom...is what you will feel when you watch the movie and listen to the amazing score. To all who loves classical music you will enjoy the deepth that James Horner will bring. He has once again had made another masterpiece. (Also go check out the Perfect Storm score another one of my James Horner favorites!)
6300216268|5.0|A brilliant movie with an uplifting message. One has to not focus on any particular aspect of the film. Some people immediately see the relationship between Harold and Maude and are turned off. This is the wrong approach and shows a lack of open-mindedness. The movie is not meant to be a romance, it is meant to serve as  a message that life is precious, quirky, and hilarious in ways you would never expect. Some say it is inappropriate, never judge a movie that way, humans by nature are inapropriate. Some say it is cliche, what may appear cliche on the surface is really rather original and essential to the message. Anyone looking for the occasional uproariously funny scene and an interesting outlook on life must see this movie.
B000051VQR|4.0|This CD is good for little 13 year old girls that fancy Billie Joe. But I think that Dookie is better. The song &quot;Minority&quot; you hear it a few times and you like it but after a while it gets boring. I like Fashon Victim. Reminds me of this guy I knew. Buy this album if you want. but if your just trying to look cool by getting all of there albums I would not bother if I were you.
0425152251|5.0|Sophie's World is an interesting lecture with a parallel story that eventually joins the lecture to become one great philosophical mystery.  It is about a girl who receives letters from a mysterious man but all the letters are about philosophy.  She soon meets the man and Sophie realizes what is going on.  The book ends in a grand finale that relates to philosophy, but is still a mystery.  The ending is not clear until you understand the philosophy part.  Unlike most historical books, this one captures the reader's interest rather then make them feel as if they are being tortured.  I recommend it to anybody and everybody.  Enjoy!  Cheers! : )
B00004Z459|1.0|I remember the first time I heard &quot;One Step Closer&quot; and mistook it for a new &quot;Limp Bizkit&quot; single.  Then someone said to me, &quot;No, this is 'Linkin Park', they're a lot better than 'Limp Bizkit'.&quot;  Well, actually, they sound exactly alike, and I can't stand either of them.  This album was made for one reason: to sell.  Most bands make music as an art...not these MTV whores.  Do yourself a favor and stray away when you see this in your record store parked right next to &quot;Limp Bizkit.&quot;
B00005JG6U|4.0|Darren Aronofsky burst onto the film scene with his obscure film Pi.  I enjoyed Pi a lot, but it was really his training ground for this film, Requiem for a Dream.  This is a very well made anti-drug movie.  The message felt very similar to the personal side of Traffic.  I think Aronofsky got shafted since this film got released the same time Traffic did, and thus got mainly overlooked because it dealt with the same topics.  Requiem looks at addiction in a much more stylized manner, using a lot of the same techniques Aronofsky used in Pi.  Things like the Rozzi-cam, a rig attached to the front of the actor to give you a real subjective feel, and the hip hop montages, cutting certain actions in a similar manner of montage, made their way from Pi and fit very well into this fairly quick paced film. .... I rented the edited version which has nothing on it and corrupts Aronofsky's original vision of what the film should be.
B000056K04|1.0|After listening to Dave Matthews Band's newest release, Everyday, I am, to say the least, dissapointed. Gone are the interesting sounds of Dave's acoustic guitar. Carter Beauford (the drummer) is pushed down to hammering out standard rock tempos rather then than the usual complex array of drum licks. I must say since I heard &quot;Remember Two Things&quot; way back in 92' I was captivated by their unique sound. Now, it is time to move on to find another ground-breaking band. Oh yeah, the one star goes to Steve Lillywhite, for salvaging at least &quot;I Did It.&quot;
630242335X|5.0|This is my favorite STAR TREK for several reasons. First, it has a sentimental value because Gene Rodennberry had just passed before it was released. Also, I believe it is the last time we ever see DeForest Kelley portray Dr.McCoy. The story is great. It sets the tone for THE NEXT GENERATION. The characters at this point are so well developed that everything just clicks. My favorite scene in this movie is when Kirk leaps over the podium to save the president. Awesome! It really is the swan song for the classic STAR TREK. I could watch it over and over. Christopher Plummer as General Chang is probably the most carismatic Klingon we have ever seen. Great movie!!
6304779356|5.0|I love this movie.  It is my favorite movie of all time.  It is very funny.  It has totally hot guys.  I love the 80's clothes, music and hairdo's.  I have loved this movie since I first saw it when I was only 10, I am 20 now and still feel the same about it.  Now I can get it on DVD, since my old tape copy had been watched so many times it was worn out. I recommend this movie to anyone who loves mystery, fantasy, and humor.
B000002BQK|5.0|&quot;Butterfly&quot; is Mariah's best album, followed by her debut CD.  The second half of the album lags, but the first half is back-to-back great songs, that are beautiful, moving and fun.  I especially like The Roof [check the video], Butterfly, and Fourth of July [which I thought was much better than Underneath the Stars].  It's one of my all-time faves.  This is Mariah's very best, go buy it!!
B00003CXS4|5.0|i saw this in the theaters three times on opening weekend. the cinematography is excellent, the acting is superb, and the soundtrack is great as well. <br />guy richie directed this in the same style as &quot;Lock, Stock...&quot;. many of the same actors were even cast in both. Snatch, however, is the more complete movie. it is, quite simply, one of the best movies i've ever seen.
B000002LND|2.0|This is an okay CD, but it has some major flaws. ALL of the songs on here are NOT the original LP edits or radio versions. For example, the remixed \\"Borderline\\" is so distorted that you can barely hear the original keyboard arrangements!  Also, \\"Like A Prayer\\" is a completely different version. Instead of releasing the promo versions of the Madonna songs we recognize on the radio, they released this.  Also, there are an inexcuseable number of Madonna's other hits that were scrapped.  \\"The Immaculate Collection\\" is not satisfactory for die-hard fans.
B00003CXE7|5.0|There are many movies out there that are action packed with a stiry line set in past times.  But none with such a gripping plot as Gladiator.  This is a great film, you will noit be dissapointed if you buy this for your DVD collection.
B00005B6C9|5.0|...since 'Main Course' way back in the 70s. First thought on listening was 'yeah! I like this.' Second thought was -- 'sure sounds McCartneyesque.' Who would've thought all those years ago when eyebrows were flying up over Robin's quavery plaint of 'I Can't See Nobody' that his voice would eventually be as rich as it is when he chimes in on 'Wedding Day'? 'Man in the Middle', 'This Is Where I Came In' -- who could pick singles with the wealth of riches on this CD? If only one out of every 10 CDs I buy was half this good I'd be a truly happy camper. As it is, this one will stay in the CD changer for a good long while.
0140441409|5.0|Marcus Aurelius was a true stoic. He advocates self-reliance, duty, endurance, and also compassion for our fellow man. This wisdom is expressed tersely (in the stoic manner) and most eloquently. Anyone would benefit greatly from reading and rereading this wonderful book. I will finish with one of the many great entries found in the book.       &quot;Adversity is merely a test of our self-composure.&quot;
014100018X|5.0|Such wonderful verbage... took me back to the villages of France in a second.  Don't miss this book, especially if you love France and all it has to offer to the senses.  Much better than the movie as well - don't miss this book!
B0000524E5|4.0|Coyote Ugly&quot; is a cliff-hanger in which Piper Perabo ventures into a Jerry Bruckheimer production and escapes more or less untouched.<br />The film stars Perabo as one of a group of heedless wenches who dance on a bar and pour straight shots down the throats of the seething multitude. In a movie of this sort, it is inevitable that the song &quot;I Will Survive&quot; will sooner or later be performed by drunken pals. Next week's opening, &quot;The Replacements,&quot; makes us wait an hour to hear it. &quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; takes no chances and puts it under the opening titles. Do you get the feeling these movies are assembled from off-the-shelf parts?<br />There is a story beloved in movie lore about the time Howard Hawks asked John Wayne to appear in &quot;El Dorado.&quot; Wayne had already starred in Hawks' &quot;Rio Bravo&quot; and &quot;Rio Lobo,&quot; which were essentially the same picture. So was &quot;El Dorado.&quot; &quot;Shall I send over the script?&quot; asked Hawks. &quot;Why bother?&quot; asked the Duke. &quot;I've already been in it twice.&quot;<br />Does Jerry Bruckheimer have the same nagging feeling of deja vu as he compares each new screenplay to those that have gone before? I wonder if he suspects his movie may not be original, as he contemplates a story about a girl from New Jersey who dreams of being a songwriter, moves to Manhattan, meets a guy, gets a job and has a heart-rending reconciliation with her dad, all in a movie that ends (yes, it really does) with the final line, &quot;What do you do when you realize all your dreams have come true?&quot;<br />Bruckheimer and his director bring superb technical credits to this wheezy old story, and they add wall-to-wall music to make it sound like fun. But you can pump up the volume only so far before it becomes noise. I don't ask for startling originality in a movie like &quot;Coyote Ugly.&quot; I don't object to the scene in which the heroine and her guy neck in a convertible and regard thelights on a Manhattan bridge. I am not even surprised that the hero drives a classic car (no characters in Bruckheimer movies drive cars less than 25 years old unless they are parents or gangsters). I don't even mind the obligatory line, &quot;It's payback time!&quot; All I ask is that I be surprised a couple of times. Give me something I can't see coming and make it more unexpected than a beloved character getting hit by a car instead of having a heart attack.<br />In the movie, Perabo, who has big-time star power, plays Violet, a working-class girl from South Amboy, N.J., who packs up and moves to a cheap apartment in Chinatown (where she meets not a single Chinese person) and gets a job in Coyote Ugly, a bar that would be the result if you took the bar in &quot;Cocktail&quot; and performed reckless experiments on its DNA.<br />It's the kind of bar you would fight to get out of--and you'd have to. Customers are jammed so tightly together, the fire marshal can barely wedge his way into the room. They are offered no mixed drinks, no wine, just &quot;Jim, Jack, Johnny Red, Johnny Black and Jose--all my favorite friends,&quot; according to Lil (Maria Bello), the sexy blond who owns the club. &quot;You can have it any way you want it, as long as it's in a shot glass.&quot;<br />Violet auditions for her job, which consists of dancing on top of the bar, pouring drinks, dumping ice on customers who get into fights and spraying the others every so often with the soda gun. These are skilled dancers. They can do Broadway routines on a slippery bar top, while drunks grab at their ankles. Every once in a while, just for variety, they pour booze on the bar and set it on fire.<br />Many of the movie's shots are high-angle, looking down at the customers, their mouths upturned and gulping like gasping fish. Illuminated by garish neon, they bear an uncanny resemblance to Hieronymus Bosch's paintings of the damned roasting in hell.<br />After a shaky start, Violet becomes a hit at the bar; meanwhile, she tries to place tapes of her songs around town. She has stage fright, you see, and can't sing her own songs because she's afraid to sing in front of an audience, although she will obviously do almost anything else.<br />She meets Kevin (Adam Garcia), an awfully nice Australian short-order cook who encourages her, and even bribes a guy to give her an audition by trading his precious Spider-Man comic. They would no doubt have steamy sex, except that Bruckheimer, a student of straws in the wind, knows this is the summer when PG-13, not his old favorite R, is the coveted rating. (His &quot;Gone in 60 Seconds&quot; was also PG-13, which may explain why Angelina Jolie was missing from most of the film.)<br />&quot;Coyote Ugly&quot; finally leads up to the questions: (1) Does she find the courage to sing? (2) Do they stay together after their Idiot Plot Misunderstanding? and (3) Do all of her dreams come true?<br />There is a reason to see the movie, and that reason is Piper Perabo, who I first noticed in &quot;The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle,&quot; writing that she was &quot;so fetching she sort of stops the clock.&quot; She has one of those friendly Julia Roberts smiles, good comic timing, ease and confidence on the screen, and a career ahead of her in movies better than this one. Lots better.
1564029654|5.0|This story is so well written, it has a sweet loving rhythm to it.  My 3 yr.old recites the story and gets very emotionally involved every night as we read this book.  The artwork is very lovely and each little owl's face is touchingly detailed.  Another positive is the strong little female owl role model- Sarah...
0782008372|4.0|I do hope somebody will reissue this DVD as the picture and Dolby 5.1 are not worth of THX certication. Don't get me wrong, the sound is not bad but certainly is not good enough to be THX and the picture is very grainy. Such a shame but given the price of the DVD...it is still a good buy. I am sure if there is an improve version of this DVD, many people will buy it one more time but until the time comes, this DVD should be considered by fans.<br />I am giving it 4 stars anyway as this is one classic movie and would have given it 5 stars if the sound and picture not letting me down.
B00005B36H|5.0|I must make note, that TOOL is my absolute favorite band in the entire universe! When this album was in the making, I didn't think there was anything that could top their last 2 albums. But i should have known, that it is the nature of TOOL to take everything up about 10 notches on each album. I have spent 5 years of my life waiting for Lateralus, and IT WAS WORTH EVERY MINUTE OF IT!! Lateralus is the most experimental, exciting,genius,recoardings in human history. It is a journy which requires use of all the sence from the packaging, to the last track of the album!<br />  It all starts off with the Grudge, a heavy song with crazy time signatures, and an amazing beat. Next we go in to the annomus interlude, of Eon Blue Apocolypse. This song serves as a great intro to the Patiet, a beautifuly crafted song with a great hook. Mantra is a build up toward Schism, the first single, with one of the most awsome bass lines ever. next we get to one of may favorite moments of the album. Parabol/Parabola are 2 songs, that serve as one. I believe that some of Maynard's best vocal profomances are evidant on these 2 tracks! When you reach track 8, your are imiditly drawn in by an amazing drum roll! the rest of the song, is some of the rawest, most powerful TOOL ever to be recorded, Ticks &amp; Leaches. next is the title, track, Lateralis (yes, its spelt diffrently)The chours contains a line that seems to define TOOL over the past few years, &quot;spiral out, keep going!&quot; Disposition sets the mood for the ending tracks of the album it is softer, and leaves you with a strange reacurance. Track 11, quincdently, is 11 minutes long! Reflection is a strange trip through your physcie that will envoke neumrous emotions and feeling for your avarage enthusiastic TOOL fan. This is where we see Maynard take leave, cuz the track 11 is a strong instermental that leads up the the haunting final track that leads me to belive that this album is a message about TOOL them selfs.  I truly belive that Maynard, Justin, Adam, and Danny are aliens from another planet! I meen how can 4 people be so friggin talented and creative without special powers! I had the honor of seeing TOOL live last week and I must say it was the best show I have ever seen in my life! If you don't have this album, or aren't a TOOL fan, words can't describe what you are missing. Lateralus sets the standars not only for rock and metal, but for music its self!!elive that Maynard, Justin, Adam, and Danny are aliens from another planet! I meen how can 4 people be so friggin talented and creative without special powers! I had the honor of seeing TOOL live last week and I must say it was the best show I have ever seen in my life! If you don't have this album, or aren't a TOOL fan, words can't describe what you are missing. Lateralus sets the standars not only for rock and metal, but for music its self!!
B000002AP1|4.0|This remix of Raw Power can let you experience the sound of your speaker system at meltdown.  I wouldn't say that this mix is for everyone . . . it's certainly NOT for audiophiles and those concerned with pristine recording/playback quality.  It's nasty, obnoxious and pretty damned hard to listen to at a high volume.  In short, it's more reflective of The Stooges and what they were all about than any other mix or either of their other recordings.<br />It's distorted, over-the-top and really mangled.  It's rough and not so pretty. It's damned fine, violent rock and roll.
B00003CXA2|5.0|IT'S ABOUT TIME THEY PUT THIS OUT ON DVD!  I LOVED FORREST GUMP FOR A NUMBER OF YEARS.  I CAN NOT BELIEVE HOW CONTRAVERSIAL THIS MOVIE WAS WITH FRIENDS AND FAMILIES.  WHILE SOME PEOPLE BELIEVE THAT THE MOVIE IS &quot;UNFAIR&quot; TO RETARTED CHILDREN AND PORTRAYS THEM AS SOMETHING TO LAUGH AT, I BEG TO DIFFER 100%!  YES, THIS IS PART COMEDY, BUT ALSO HAS SADNESS, HAPPINESS, AND MANY OTHER EMOTIONS THAT CAPTURE YOUR HEART IF YOU ARE OPEN MINDED.  I FEEL THAT IT PORTRAYS HOW MEAN CHILDREN CAN BE TODAY IN THE PRESENT TO THE LESS FORTUNATE PEOPLE.  THE SAYING IN THE MOVIE &quot;RUN FORREST RUN&quot; IS NOT TO MAKE FUN OF THE CHARACTER.  HE WAS FIRST TOLD TO RUN BECAUSE HE WAS PICKED ON BY CHILDHOOD BULLIES.  IN OUR PRESENT SOCIETY, THERE IS SO MUCH BULLYING GOING ON THAT I FEEL IT IS A GREAT SUBJECT WHERE PARENTS CAN LEARN TO TEACH THEIR CHILDREN RIGHT FROM WRONG AND NOT TO PICK ON THE LESS FORTUNATE CHILDREN.  THE MOVIE GOES FROM SHOWING THE LITTLE BOY WHO HAD HANDICAPPED LEGS TO BECOMMING A BRAVE SOLDIER IN THE VIETNAM WAR TO BECOMMING A GREAT FATHER!  FORREST PLAYED BY MR. TOM HANKS IS A TRUE HERO.  THIS MOVIE DOES NOT DESERVE TO BE CRITICIZED.  PEOPLE MUST LOOK AT THIS MOVIE WITH AN OPEN MIND.  MANY FAMILIES WITH DISABLED PEOPLE IN THEIR FAMILIES DID NOT LIKE THIS MOVIE. THEY JUST NEED TO OPEN THEIR MINDS UP!  THIS MOVIE SHOWS THE WORLD THAT EVERYONE'S NOT PERFECT, BUT EVERYONE HAS A SPECIAL QUALITY IN THEM NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE AND NO MATTER WHAT KIND OF PHYSICAL CHALLENGE THEY HAVE!  FORREST IS THE BEST MOVIE TO TEACH, TO CRY, TO LAUGH, IN A LONG TIME.  PERFECT FOR FAMILIES AND CHILDREN.  And &quot;THAT'S ALL I HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THAT&quot;!
6305181772|4.0|&quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; was (I thought) supposed to be the movie sequel to the classic TV series. If not, why call it &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot;? But something happened on the way to the theater, because this is nothing like the old TV show. In fact, any similarity appears to be purely coincidental. And that's the major problem with this film. The title raises expectations, but the film doesn't deliver on those expectations.<br />Taken purely as a spy thriller, this flick is fine. It has some great action sequences. In particular, the CIA break-in is clever and tense. The end piece in the tunnel is also entertaining, but it stretches credibility a long way. The plot is almost too complicated -- sometimes it's hard to keep up with who is doing what to whom. But, hey, that's good. Better a bit complex than so simple a two-year-old could keep up. The acting is generally acceptable, too. Yeah, Tom Cruise is a little hard to accept as a master spy, but he gets by.<br />As a spy thriller, &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; is a strong four star effort (maybe even a soft five stars). That it's linked with the &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; TV series is a negative. I'd still like to see an &quot;M:I&quot; movie. You know: top agent gets extremely difficult assignments, formulates plans, picks teams of operatives with suitable skills and abilities, and, using a combination of sleight-of-hand, high tech trickery, and sheer daring, achieves the objective. Those were great fun. This film is also fun, but &quot;M:I&quot; it isn't. I'm giving it four stars strictly on its own merits. Rated as a &quot;Mission: Impossible&quot; sequel it would get only two stars.
B00005BL2A|5.0|This album is a lot more appealin then Ultra, at least to me. A lot better lyrics, much more daring production and synth lines, and a lot more uplifting. Songs like Dead of Night, I Feel Loved and Dream On will keep you moving, while songs like When the Body SPeaks, Free Love, and Goodnight Lovers will croon you. I'd recomend it to new and old DM fans. I really see no reason why so many negative reviews are present....
B00003CXCS|5.0|&quot;The Sound of Music&quot; has never looked as good as it does on it's 2 disc DVD incarnation.  The audio and video is strickly tops all of the way.  The extras cover every detail of the history of Maria Von Trapp, the show, and so much more.  A Telegram from Daniel Truhitte is a nice little extra on disc 2.  Also if you want to do a sing along with the film then simply bring up the wonderfully done english subtitles.  As a great companion piece I also recomend that you purchase the DVD &quot;The Sound of Movies,&quot; since, it will only add further to your enjoyment of this classic film.
B00005J73X|5.0|I have to say that by listening to this CD, it one of the best live CD's that I have ever heard. The songs sound excellent and you can feel the energy of the crowd. All of Bon Jovi fans will not be disappointed with this collection of live songs.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have been a fan of Carlos Santana for many years, after first listening to &quot;Abraxas&quot; and the mysterious sensual song &quot;Black Magic Woman&quot;, his songs afterwards have impressed me and after seeing him in concert, I have to say he is an excellent musician who is passionate about his songs and music in general. I was very happily suprized with Supernatural.  Before I purchased this CD I was skeptical about some of the artists who appeared on the CD such as Wyclef Jean, Dave Matthews and Rob Thomas because I was unfamiliar with their musical style, however after listening to the CD, I became a fan of their music styles as well. This CD is classic Santana with the rythmical &quot;colors of sound&quot; in the background, the Latin-Spanish-Salsa blend of music, but it also incorporates the new sounds of Hip-Hop, a twist of R&amp;B, Salsa, and fusion that make this truely remarkeable.  It was good to see Santana get the much deserved recognition he received from this album.  The man has been a pioneer of music for over 30 years and it is great to see a new generation of music lovers appreciate his unique style.  Highly, Highly recommended!
B00004Z4WR|5.0|action, suspense, and an all star cast of exotic cars make this one of the best movies to be released on dvd this year. if you are a huge import street car fan, you NEED to see the fast and the furious in theatres. almost as good as this, but some cheesey acting by dawson's creek.
0345423496|2.0|3001: The Final Odyssey is really a strange book. It has the general form of a novel, but it really doesn't have much of a plot. It mainly seems to be an excuse for Arthur C. Clarke to hypothesize about what life and the Earth will be like in another thousand years. Some of his ideas are very interesting, and they all seem to be firmly rooted in &quot;science fact&quot;, but I was still kind of disappointed with this book. The characters were flat and there wasn't really a plot.   I would recommend this book only for the novelty value of the futuristic settings and people. As far as novels go, it was pretty poor, and many people who read the first three books of the series will be disappointed.
B000059HAI|5.0|The new released PEARL HARBOR took pains to be &quot;politically correct.&quot; and unoffensive to the Japan's film market.  If they really wanted to make a great movie on the subject, they would have studied this film.  The performances are great from Martin Balsam's Admiral Kimbel to Toshio Mifune's Admirial Yamamoto the action is believeable and the story told from both the perspective of Japan and the US hits the nail on the head.  We see the development of the plan, the mistakes leading to the failures of Kimbel and most importantly we see the film in such a way that we understand this battle on both side was fought by Men, not monsters.  The all star cast delivers, the battle scenes deliver and the message delivers.  Instead of dropping dough on dinner and a bad movie, Get takeout and see a really good film.
B00005AQGJ|5.0|Quite simply the best cd ever by the best rapper ever. This is different than All Eyez ON me, and similar to Me Against the World, except that this CD has better beats. All of his songs on this cd comes straight from the heart, whether he talks about Jesus and the Bible in Blasphemy, or if hes making fun of Dre in Toss It Up, of if hes talking about thuggin from the grave in Hail Mary. Each song is at its best.Here is the list of the songs and my rating on each.<br />Bomb First- 8.5/10   Great way to start off the cd. <br />Hail Mary-  9/10     Great beat.
B000059Z8J|5.0|I have had this DVD for over three weeks and I havent grown weary of any part of it. Just to compare this DVD with the previously release VHS version, I played them both simultaneously. It is absolutely staggering how much better the DVD is. I could actually make out the veins on Reeve's neck, it was so clear. And the graininess from the video is obvious and the sound is poor and it is just so fitting that they made such an amazing DVD for this movie. It has been 23 years since I saw this movie in its' true form and it has been worth the wait. The best hero movie, super or otherwise, it as much a piece of American mythology as Zeus is to Greek. Reeve says in the documentary that he was carrying the torch of previous generations, the he was the temporary custodian of a part that was an essential part of American mythology. I thought how right he was, but also that he had not just added to that myth, but created a new one in his performance. It was one of those times when everything fell into place perfectly. The actors, director, composer, producers, everything. This is a movie for the ages, it really is.
B000059ZLH|5.0|Dream Theater is without question the best band ever, I've been listening to their music for over 8 years now and their music just keeps on getting better and better. For anyone who is serious about guitar or any other instrument or someone who just wants to show off to friends. YOU HAVE TO BUY IT
0060934913|4.0|Who knew being a chef was like being a Rock star? Anthony Bourdain has written a fun, fast and entertaining memoir of life behind the kitchen door. He tells tales of booze, drugs and women, but always comes back to the food. After reading this, you may look at the bread on your table differently and you will never order swordfish again. You can tell the author truly loves his work and he skillfully makes you feel like you are a part of his world. Anyone who has ever eaten in a restauraunt will enjoy this intense adventure into a world most of us never see. A tasty treat, perfect for the Summer.
B000059XUI|4.0|This one has more action than it's predecessor, and moves a lot better, but there is nothing special included on this DVD. No commentary, no deleted/added scenes, and it isnt even redone into 5.1 digital. The first movie is a great one, definitely worth it...this is probably going to be re-issued with added features, so I would wait for that.
B00005AXEL|5.0|The haunting enchantess Stevie and her trademark withcy esoterica provides the spiritual healing in this album. I bought this CD for personal use. But now use it for  my spiritual healing sessions.   &quot;Bombay Sapphires&quot; is  a deep emotional outlet song for anyone who has been in mourning of a child, pet,or someone you lose as your total support in life. The message comes out loud and clear! its my song to remember the happiness that my pets gave to me, while they we here on earth.    Thank you!
6300184064|1.0|I enjoyed The Time Bandits and The Adventures of Baron Munchausen, but this one just doesn't cut the mustard. Folks, in order to be enjoyable, symbolism has to have meaning. This film doesn't. Don't waste your money.
B000002MT0|5.0|Come is one of Prince's most underrated albums. I believe it was an album he was obligated to make, to meet his contract with Warner Bros. The album is a very dark, depressing and morbid in a sense. The Prince on the cover is very creepy and disturbing. The music is some of his most compelling work in a long while. The album tackles various issues. Papa is a song about all those father's that abuse their children, Race is about racism, and there's much more. The album is quite explicit. This is not an album you would put on at a party, or even play really loud. Its just a complex album of songs that require the listener to sit with the songs and take them in. Highlights include the funky Loose!, Letitgo, Solo and Pheromone. This album is not for everyone, if you are a casual listener of Prince you may want to borrow this one before you buy it.
B000002LE6|5.0|Sequenced as one long track to ensure that every note is heard and no details are skipped, &quot;Lovesexy&quot; is Prince bathing in his own brilliance! With the same backing band from his astounding &quot;Sign 'O' The Times&quot; concert film; Sheila E. on drums, Levi Seacer Jr. on bass, Mico Weaver on guitar, Dr. Fink and Boni Boyer on keys, and the great horn section of Eric Leeds and Atlanta Bliss, &quot;Lovesexy&quot; is butt-naked, funky ambition of the highest order! The past 13 years of have done nothing to dilute the sheer beauty and power of this music. Aw c'mon, tell me you haven't found yourself rewinding &quot;Eye No&quot; a few times just hear that funky, wah-wah guitar part at the end! Or the the cool way Levi's popping bass snaps to attention during the first 'yeah, yeah, yeah' chorus on &quot;Alpabet St.&quot; You must get a little eargasmic at the gothic sounding synthesizer noodling that closes out &quot;Glam Slam&quot; , then fades into silence before the next track &quot;Anna Stesia&quot;.  The sheer sound and joyful abandon of this track alone makes the CD worth owning. From it's quiet piano intro and Prince's plaintive voice, to the way Sheila E. whacks her snare and bounds into the first chorus, to the repeated chant &quot;love is GOD, and GOD is love, girls and boys love GOD above&quot; (listen to Shiela goin' OFF on drums behind the heavenly mantra!) this song and the swirling, psycho-delic stomp of the title cut are what true audiophiles live for! &quot;Dance On&quot; is anchored (barely) by Sheila E's, stuttering, jazzy drum patterns, machine-gun guitar blasts, and a stop/start arrangement that easily qualifies as one of Prince's most dense fun workouts. Once you learn the pattern, you'll love it even more. &quot;LOVESEXY&quot; was made for serious listeners, people with a sense of humor, sense of adventure and an open mind. There's not a wasted note here. An outright classic that will have you drippin' all over the floor!
B000002L68|5.0|Purple Rain is the soundtrack to Prince's first movie by the same name. It is essential for every Prince fans collection. This is by far his loudest, most upbeat album in his whole collection. The songs are great to listen to, to party to. Classics like When Doves Cry and Purple Rain are on here, some of his biggest hits in his career. As well we have Daling Nikki, Let's Go Crazy, Take Me With U and my personal favorite, The Beautiful Ones. This is one of his most enjoyable albums to date, perfect for any music. The music is significant and retrospective. This album is a must have.
B000002MT0|5.0|I rate this Prince release 5 stars for the sprawling, epic almost 12 minute title cut alone, but the rest of the album ain't too shabby either! &quot;Space&quot;, with it's insistent, catchy bassline, &quot;Papa&quot;(the coolest argument against child-abuse ever recorded!) is Prince at his most inspired, and the dark, haunting &quot;Solo&quot; is one of his finest vocal performances ever. Ignore the conventional attitude that this is merely 'filler' or Prince 'lite', and see the LP for what it is, Prince, exorcising demons, and literally burying his former self. Just sit back, relax, and let the hypnotic bassline of &quot;Come&quot; carry you away.....everything else will be easy.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool's third studio album (barring the EP Opiate) is, in one word, brilliant.  They are pushing the boundaries of music like no other band today.  MJK's vocals and lyrics will seer themselves into your mind and your heart.  How can one deny lyrics such as 'Cold silence has a tendancy to atrophy all sense of compasion?'  Such an old and simple statement that now has new light and meaning (IMHO).  Adam and the rest of the band have really grown musically.  Riffs such as those found on Parabola, Ticks and Leaches, and the ending riff to Lateralus are as cut-throat as one can find.<br />If this album doesn't make you think then you are forever lost to its beauty!<br />peace
B00005214X|5.0|Beware of Darkness and Let It Roll are fabulous
6302878527|5.0|A unique film that I've seen many times for several different reasons. I'm aware of its flaws, but it remains special because of the story it tells and the abilities of the those involved in making it. Audrey Hepburn made a number of good films but this one and &quot;Roman Holiday&quot; (her first) are my favorites. Albert Finney's work here is equalled only by his work in &quot;Tom Jones&quot; (early is his career.) Stanley Donen's &quot;Singing in the Rain&quot; is one of the best musicals ever made, but &quot;Two for the Road&quot; is a unique dramatic comedy. <br />To those who suggest this film is mainly a Vogue fashion show, I reply, &quot;You must be remembering other films Audrey made--like the overrated 'Funny Face'.&quot;  To those who suggest the film is hard to follow, I say, &quot;If you pay attention to the vehicles the main characters are traveling in, the clothes they both are wearing, and what they are saying, you won't be confused by the shifts backward and forward in time.&quot; I've worked with a lot of high school students who had no problems following the story because they quickly recognized these clues. In fact, one of the reasons the film is enjoyable is because those time shifts make it easier to explore the main characters' relationship.&quot;<br />I'm sorry &quot;Two for the Road&quot; rarely appears on TV while some of Audrey's lesser works often do and that &quot;Two for the Road&quot; hasn't made it to DVD. Those who enjoy good films should be given more opportunities to see it.
B00005BCOM|4.0|Michael Chricton's science fiction film, about the debut of a futuristic theme park with &quot;Terminator&quot;-like consequences, was an obvious source of inspiration for such films as James Cameron's The Terminator, Jurassic Park, and others. You will see the similarities!<br />Contemporary viewers will have to consciencely suspend disbelief as the film was made many, many years ago and features dated special effects techniques. However, the idea, the story and the way they are executed by director Chricton create a marvelous classic of science fiction cinema. A MUST view for any sci-fi fan!
B000002LND|5.0|one of my favorite female singers never get tired of this girl fantastic music is sung by madonna.
B00005J6UP|4.0|I've always loved THE GOONIES. It's arch villains (the Fratelli's and their Mama with her tatoos) are inspired casting!  The film has an innocent, Hardy Boys sense of adventure that is hard to resist.  I've always enjoyed the hyper-active line readings in the film. You can tell that director Richard Donner created an ad-lib atmosphere on the set. Some of the lines are hilarious and I always hear something new during repeated viewings.<br />The DVD has a great bonus:  The commentary is a screen within the film of the reunited actors.  They got everybody back!  Check out how the child actors have grown up!  Some of the commentary is hilarious.  Martha Plimpton has some particularly enjoyable memories and a ferocious laugh.<br />The cut scenes (including the famous Octopus scene) are disappointing.  The Octopus looks really fake.  No wonder they cut it!  The digital revolution of the 90's really changed filmaking.  Today, the Octopus would be CGI.<br />Also, it was fun to see the second part of Cyndi Lauper's &quot;Goonies&quot; video.  I used to watch MTV all the time, trying to catch part two!  I never saw it.  It seemed like they only played part one.  This video, with its campy wrestling stars and lovely, kooky Cyndi, is a hoot!<br />As the Cyndi Lauper song goes: THE GOONIES &quot;are good enough for me&quot;.
6304696558|3.0|Along with &quot;Foul Play&quot; this is one of Goldie Hawn's finest hours, playing a rich, pampered widow who is duped into joining the army.  An hysterical comedy who's format has been returned to time and again, but never quite to this effect.  Eileen Brennan is equally fantastic as the tough army officer you love to hate.  I've been awaiting the release of this film on DVD for some time (along with Foul Play which hasn't yet been released), and it's here that I felt disappointed.  For one, the only released version of this is in Standard Pan &amp; Scan.  I know some of you out there still cling to this outmoded format, but for the rest of us, this is unacceptable.  At the very least, it should have been dual sided, with Widescreen on one side and Standard on the other.  Secondly, they've done nothing with soundtrack other than present in Dolby Stereo 2.0.  I realize that with some older titles, they don't bother to remaster the soundtrack in 5.0 (let alone DTS - the Ultimate sound format for your buck!), but I still think it's very lame that they do this.  Anyway, there is a trailer, at least, but don't expect any deleted scenes, bloopers, or any other fancy features.  The film can also be heard in French, but Spanish would also have been nice (there are at least Spanish subtitles).  They've priced this relatively low (I guess because they knew what a lame job they did with it), but I'd have preferred a bit more of a higher price if it meant little more effort on their part for this truly classic comedy.  Let's hope that &quot;Foul Play&quot; offers a lot more when it's finally released.
B000000WF9|5.0|this is one of the most beautiful scores you will ever hear.  the film was terrific, and this music more than compliments it. it exists as beatiful on its own.  it is living breathing, almost weeping music.  a tragedy in motion
B000059XYL|5.0|I have done many exercise videos over the years including
B00004R99R|5.0|I've always been a fan of Disney's Hercules, so the Gold Collection video is a treat!  At the end there is a &quot;making-of&quot; documentary that shows everything about the movie's production process--including interviews with the voice actors and directors.  I only wish it were longer!  But still, it's a pretty good overview.  What the video DOESN'T advertise on the jacket is a special Ricky Martin music video shown after the documentary (which I don't understand why--it seems he would be a big selling point for the video).  Ricky sings the Spanish version of &quot;Go the Distance&quot; entitled &quot;No Importa La Distancia.&quot;  In case you didn't know, Ricky was the voice of Hercules for the Spanish language version.  So if you're a Hercules fan, or a Ricky Martin fan, grab this video!
B00004UEDQ|2.0|Sandra Bullock gets into a car accident, is sentenced to 28 days in rehab, goes to rehab, everyone hates her, she might get kicked out, then everyone loves her and she leaves rehab all happy and her problems are long gone.  This formula is so predictable, yet so wrong.  This movie tries to add a few laughs with a gay character, but I don't think this is the type of movie that should be generating any kind of laughs.  I didn't like this movie from the start and ended up laughing at it instead of walking away from it knowing that I've learned something.
0679720200|5.0|I won't go so far as to say that this book changed my life, but it sure put things into perspective...<br />I first read this book at the age of fourteen, just a year after my father died.  I knew nothing about philosophy...the book was sitting on our living-room coffee table (my brother HAD to read it for class)(and hated it) but the cover intrigued me.  I had never read a book in one sitting before (I know, it is short, but I do have a short attention span...) but it hit me like the proverbial ton of bricks.  I recommended it to everyone that would hear me.  I read everything that I could get my hands on by Camus.  It remains a favorite.  <br />If you are happy with your life, and I mean pathologically happy with your life, you might want to avoid this book because it will make you think and re-think.  It is so simple, but that IS the beauty...
B000003TAW|5.0|A listener probably wouldn't expect an album that has songs titled &quot;My Name is Jonas&quot; and &quot;Surf Wax America&quot; to be anything good, not to mention serious, but it turns out to be both of those.  Weezer's first album, the Blue Album, is poppy, cartoonish, and fun-loving, but at the same time, the album is no joke.  Weezer does the almost impossible in making this album, for they make an album that can only be described in an oxymoron: Lightly serious.  Tracks like the 50's-fresh &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; and &quot;Undone&quot; prove the point.  But even if you were to take away those two tracks, the album would still be as good as ever.  &quot;The World Has Turned&quot; and &quot;Say It Ain't So&quot; shine as the albums two best tracks.  And with supporting tracks like &quot;In the Garage&quot; and &quot;No One Else&quot; among others, the album can only be describe as a Weezer album.
B000002L9Y|4.0|A decade after RUMOURS, Fleetwood Mac released what would be there last studio record with Lindsay Buckingham, TANGO IN THE NIGHT.  The streak begun with RUMOURS continued here, and while it was highly undervalued by critics, all in all it's quite a good record.  The first distinguishing mark here is the immaculate production, co-handled by Buckingham, which relied alot on synthesizers and other production tics often found in '80s music.  The record begins with Buckingham's sterling 'Big Love'(probably his best contribution to the group during the 80's), and the aforementioned production is immediately noticeable, sounding not unlike something you would hear on a Kate Bush album--'Big Love', in particular, sounds alot like the Bush classic 'Running Up That Hill'.  The second distinguishing factor is the general absence of Stevie Nicks, who contributes two serviceable but not particularly great songs and gets a credit on a third(and best of the three),'Seven Wonders'.  As is generally the case(particularly during the 80's), Christine McVie is the saving grace of the group, supplying the albums's two best cuts, 'Everywhere' and 'Little Lies', and also writing in tandem with Buckingham on several others good ones.  The third factor is the absence, for the first time, of any sense of this group working as a band.  The harmonies usually present among the three leads are barely discernable on many of the tracks, making it sound like they came in to the studio, sang their part, and left.  It makes the group sound like a collective with rotating vocalists rather than the cohesive unit we know them to be.  These are just observations rather than gripes, because,again, overall, this is a great record, and unjustly dismissed by many at the time of its' release.
0425170349|4.0|In Clancy's latest novel Rainbow Six, John Clark heads an elite counter-terrorism team.  The team has members from various NATO countries.  The beginning is great, it grabbed my attention.  But then, nothing for about 100 pages.  This 900 page book is not for light readers.  I'm in Junior High and I found it a little hard dragging the giant paperback to class.  The action scenes are great, malticously planned out.  But do we really need all this mumbo-jumbo inbetween fighting.  I underrstand this book can't be all action, but Clancy is getting worse.  He is clammoring to write long, drawn out books.  Come on Tom, we need a little more.  The plot is also a bit too predictable.  Rainbow literally saves the entire human race in under a page. No shootout, not enough a resisted arrest.  No complaints about leaving Ryan out of the picture, I think we all need a break from him.  Clark devolps very well in this story.  Hopefully Clancy will take a nice long vacation and come back home and write a real good book.  The newest Bear and the Dragon is 1000+ pages.  Clancy is going insane!  I pray he returns to writing shorter and better action novels.  Overall a great read for those with the time!
B000008H24|5.0|This is Jethro Tull in their hey day. From the orchestrations, by David Palmer to the overall production of Ian Anderson, this is one of Tull's finest CD's. From the tightness of the Jeffery Hammond-Hammond bass licks to the Barriemore Barlow drum riffs, this CD flows along a nice pace.<br />The opening cut, &quot;Warchild&quot; has the climaxing melody and lyric that is so typical of an Anderson composition with a flair of musical wonderment and delight. Almost epic in proportions, the reminder of what great musicans, they truly are. It's a great &quot;start and stop&quot; CD. Each cut floats along both lyrically and musically with the essence of freshness and the reminder that it is rock 'n roll wrapped in celtic blues with minstrel overtones. <br />Favorite cuts are &quot;Sealion&quot; and &quot;Skating Away on the Thin Ice of the New Day&quot;.<br />If you look at the picture on the inside of the CD sleeve you will notice various people's picture including a young girl holding a machine gun. Each song is represented by what the people standing and sitting there are doing.
6304806418|5.0|My parents went to see this movie in theatres & then they bought it on DVD. I didn't like it at first but once I sat down to watch it I LOVED IT!!!!!! I thought the best song was \\"Goodnight and Thank You\\". My favourite character was Che, portrayed by Antonio Banderas. Che acts like a narrarator to this story, giving his feelings on a different character's actions. YOU MUST SEE THIS DVD IF YOU LIKE MUSICALS!!!
B00005BCNC|3.0|...isn't Tom Hanks just a teensy, weensy bit overrated as an actor? Yes, he's a good actor. Yes, he seems to be a likeable guy (although how many of us have met him in real life?). But the high points of his acting seem to be where he exhibits extreme emotion -- dancing and yelling when he makes fire, crying in anguish when he loses &quot;Wilson&quot;, etc. Does it take that much talent to do that?<br />Anyway, I also agree with some reviewers that the third act was less than outstanding. And I would add that the &quot;McGuffin&quot; -- the unopened FedEx package -- was a very unrealistic touch. You, I, and anyone else stranded on the island would have opened ALL the packages to see if there was anything of use inside. Heck, it could have been a fully charged satellite phone that he could have used to call for help. Now that would have made for a deliciously ironic end to the movie!
0060278234|4.0|Note~All who are thinking of buying this book-read Sabriel first!  You will not fully understand this book if you do not!  If you do not remember Sabriel very well, it is also recommened that you reread it.<br />This book was a good read.  It opens about 20 years after the 1st book ended.  Sabriel and Touchstone are married with two kids, Emilene (not sure about the spelling), who is to be queen, and Sameth, who is to be Abhorsen.  The book's central focus, though, is Lirael, an anti-social daughter of the Clayr with a mysterious past.  Although she was born and raised among the Clayr, she looks nothing like them, and she can not see into the future.  Her mother left her when she was 5, and she does not know her father.<br />The book switches between the stories of Sameth and Lirael (unlike Sabriel, but towards the end of this book, the seemingly unrelated stories connect wonderfully, as the two characters meet).  This book also goes further unto the Old Kingdom's history- you learn much more about the history of the great charters and the history of the characters.  It also introduces many new characters.  Besides Sabriel and Touchstone, we also learn more about Mogget's interesting history.  We meet the Disreputable Dog- a dog that is similar to Mogget; she serves Lirael, but she is much less critical than Mogget and much friendlier.  The two animals meet (not for the 1st time) in the book, and they are old rivals (but are not so hostile towards each other that they seem enemies).  While the dog is not as dynamic as Mogget, she is just as lovable.  <br />The main characters where always interesting, but now and then their attitudes became tiresome.  Sameth's sometimes-whiney attitude, and Lirael's serious, sometimes-depressing attitude seemed to drag the book down.<br />The book also had less adventure than Sabriel.  It was definitely not boring, but there was much more thinking and less battling in this book.  The ending also seemed incomplete.  As a good book should do, it left us on the very edge of our seats as it ended-much more so than Sabriel.  Sabriel ended with a dramatic battle, and Lirael ended on the verge of one.  The plot was interesting, but more predictable than Sabriel's.<br />In short, this book was everything a good &quot;middle book&quot; should be (it has a final sequel coming out).  It dove us deeper in the story, answered our old questions while raising many new ones.  While its not as good as Sabriel, its definitely not a disappointment-its very interesting and entertaining, especially if you loved Sabriel.  Overall, this is a very good book; it leaves us on the edge of our seats (a bit uncomfortably), but hopefully, not for long.
B000056K04|2.0|Dave Matthews almost singlehandedly made me a music fan.  Until I listened to any of his first three albums or any of his live ones or saw him live, I mainly stuck to Jazz and Classical but his innovation woke me up to the possibilities of popular music.  To my knowledge I've heard at least one version of every song he's ever performed in concert.  I like to considered myself the biggest of DMB fans.<br />That being said, Everyday is easily the worst album by DMB, live or studio.  I can hardly listen to the entire CD without getting a headache from Glen Ballard's over-the-top production that just isn't satisfied unless the resulting sound is a vocal track and a muddled mush of noise behind it.  Anyone who says that this is the best work Dave could have put out at this juncture is a) not really a Dave fan and b) didn't hear anything he played [...] that was going to be on the new album.  <br />The stuff recorded with Lillywhite is exquisite.  The poetry is painfully beautiful, each song a meandering lyrical adventure that leaves your heart aching for more much like the last half of BTCS.  Everyday is not a bad album but it is most certainly a huge distance from what Dave Matthews is capable of writing and an even further distance from what the talent of this band is capable of perfoming when allowed to by their producer.  <br />It is painfully obvious that Dave's record company got paraniod about the depressing nature of the work to be placed on the album and convinced the band to meet up with a producer that would not only turn Dave's work from being the sad type but would crank out an album of 12 made-for-radio, watered-down pop top 40 hits.  And the company succeeded admirably when one considers the amount of record sales this album has recorded in its first few months.  But the toll this album will take on the sales of DMB's future albums remains to be seen.  Obviously the target audience here (the MTV watching *NSYNC fans) aren't impressed (&quot;I Did It&quot;was shown on TRL a whopping 10 times) and the old guard is irritated, or downright [angry], at the loss of artistic integrity.  We'll see if the legacy of DMB can overcome the sacrifices they've made in return for dollar signs in the eyes of their owners at Columbia.
0590353403|5.0|I first heard of the book from a friend who was reading it at the time.  My friend encouraged me to read the book as well. I was amused by the fact that my friend never lifted an eyelid off the book while reading. It motivated me to buy the book, so I bought it that week. <br />Harry Potter is a very real and lovable character. I never really seamed to embrace the fact that most of the people today have read the book, I think of Harry and his world as a friend and place that belonged only to me. I am transported into his form and feel what I think he would feel. I felt hate towards his life's long enemy, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named  - which he did not know he had until his eleventh birthday. Harry felt so alone when he left for Hogworts, that I wished I were there to comfort him. I felt pure joy in the time he spent with his friends (Hermione Granger, Ron Weasley, and Hagrid,) and pursue strange and thrilling adventures. I think this book is for anyone who likes fiction books. <br />However, I have another side to my thoughts on the book. Although, (I am American and this might not even have to do with the fact that I am American,) it disappoints me that `Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone' has been changed to `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' to accommodate Americans.  I feel that it is an insult to many people and to the author. Nevertheless, whereas the fact that many things have been changed in `Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' for the convenience of Americans, it remains one of my favorites.
B00003CXIY|5.0|I don't know what it is about the college comedies that keep me buying the DVD's but this movie is the bomb!  I guess it is just a reminder of all the things I did and or wish I did back in school.  Although the movie has a relativly young cast, their is still excellant experience from Breckin and Seann to make this movie rock.  The combination of all cast members makes this as classic as Animal House.  You must own it!
B00005AQE8|4.0|This is the best album that Tupac came out with. He was at the top of his game and at the top of his skill level.  Not only does it expose you to top level of Tupac but an inner look at tupac's world.
0446677450|5.0|Myself being a solid C- student &amp; having parents who believed that school and education was the most solid investment to succeed.  I just wish they had read this book 15 years ago.  I would have had an easier time and most likely been a better performer academically.  Although my spelling still suckks :)  Living by the principles that our government sets forth and not to indulge or think freely is the basis of most American's.  This book will hopefully put those common &quot;principles&quot; on a backburner for a few decades.  If so, I am willing to bet that the level of innovation and creation in the minds of young people everywhere will spur like a batch of rabbits.  Buy this book for your best interest.
0380778556|5.0|Rebbeca is definetly one of my favourite books. The reader does not have to be a certain gender or a certain age to read it, anyone would like this book. In fact, my english teacher recomended it to me last year, and I have recomended it to my friends, I don't know anyone that read this book that did not enjoy it! The writting and the plot of the story are just simply wonderful, Daphne writtes so well! I also thought that the charecterisation was thought out very well, the sinister house keeper, the cousin, and, of course, Rebbeca were some of my favourites!<br />I recomend this book to anyone, but I also warn you, if you plan on reading this book you better have a lot of time on your hands as you will not want to put this one down!
014028009X|4.0|Helen Fielding's novel Bridget Jones's Diary is the hilarious tale of a thirty-something &quot;Singleton&quot; who believes that her life would be perfect if she could quit smoking, give up drinking, and just lose some weight.  <br />    The book opens with a list of Bridget's New Year resolutions including &quot;Will form functional relationship with responsible adult&quot;--which turns out to be another one of those up and down things in Bridget's life!  <br />    Throughout the course of the year, Bridget battles with her crazy Mum (who wants nothing more than for her to marry off!), her minor obsession with boss Daniel Cleaver (among other men, too), her fluxuating weight (she swears it's impossible to put on a few pounds overnight), her smoking and drinking ( she'll quit tomorrow), and developing Inner Poise (truly the secret to life).  With all that on Bridget's plate, it's no surprise the first chapter is entitled &quot;January--An Exceptionally Bad Start&quot;!<br />    Helen Fielding does a wonderful job taking the reader on a crazy ride through Bridget's Daily life.  Often one can see their own life mirrored in that of Bridget's and Fielding's ability to do this makes this novel a hilarious read! Bridget is a very real and modern character and isn't at all fake.  Further proof of this is at the end of the novel (at the end of December--she keeps her journal for a year), Bridget just so happens to have found a man, and, despite the fact that her year as a whole might be considered absolutely horrible (being cheated on, changing jobs, the weight, the smoking, her Mum, etc!), she still manages to conclude that the year overall was excellent.  Forgetting all the bad things when you finally find someone???...Hmph, that's a real character if I ever did see one...
B000001EAQ|1.0|Supporters of this album are always calling it &quot;misunderstood&quot; or &quot;tragically underrated.&quot;<br />Well, give us detractors more credit.  We understand.  We understand that this is bottom-of-the-barrel technojunk.  This was an attempt at a stylistic change that just plain didn't work.  Stylistic changes are fine if they work -- heck, the Beatles went through tons of 'em and succeeded every time.  But this falls absolutely flat.  Too bad.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Ok,Ok, so I read the first couple reviews,and I don't understand. I personally have all 4 (including Renegades) albums, and Evil Empire is THE BEST.Sure, their debut album had wonderful songs like Bombtrack,Killing In The Name Of,Bullet In The Head,Township Rebellion,Fistful of Steel,Know Your Enemy,and all the others,their talent bloomed and reached it's peak with EE.Tom playing extrordinary riffs with the guitar,ESPECIALLY ON BULLS ON PARADE,and Zach's lyrics are great,beautiful even.I'm not saying either did bad on BOLA,heck,neither did y.tim.k or Brad,and Guerilla Radio is by far one of the best songs of 1999 (Limp Who?) but all of you must buy EE and their self title.And, if your interested in the more poltical side of RATM, buy their debut.
0786915749|5.0|I started reading this book right after The Lord Of The Rings. When I started I wasn't expecting much. It turned out to be one of my favorite books of all time. <br />My favorite part was the characters. Tanis Half-Elven is the leader of the group. He is a good warrior, but dosen't like to fight. He is wise and trusted by all his friends but gets hung up on his love for two women and his mixed heiritage. Sturm Brightblade is a Knight Of Solamnia (Solamnia is a country in Krynn) which means he has to follow a strict code of honor. I have read alot of Dragonlance books and usually I don't like knights. They are usually stuck up and annoying. Sturm is the exception. Then there is the irrepressible kender. Kender are a race on Krynn that get along with everyone, but no one gets along with them. Tas is the comic relif in this book (his fights with Flint are very funny). He is innocent and at times annoying, but always fun to read about. Flint Fireforge is a old dwarf who loves complaining. He is the father figure in the group and another character who is fun to read about. Riverwind and Goldmoon are two barbarians that meet the rest of the group because of a staff. These two are my least favorite characters. Kitiara Uth Matar isn't a big part of Dragons Of Autumn Twilight. She is one of the women Tanis loves. For people who haven't read this book yet I won't give away anything, but all is reveled in Dragons Of Winter Night. Caramon Majere is the exact opposite of his twin. He is handsome, friendly, and a good warrior. Although Caramon isn't intellegent he is extremly useful to the group (esppecially in battle). Out of all these characters, Raistlin Majere is my personal favorite. He is a Red Robed mage (red robes means he is neutral in magic) who was cursed when he took his test (the Test is something all magic-users who want to use advanced magic take) to have golden tinted skin and golden eyes with hourglass shaped pupils (because of those hourglasses he sees everything as time will effect it). Raistlin is sick and usually coughs feels weak. He is cynical, sarcastic, unpleasant, and what has motivated me to spend almost all my free time reading these books. <br />The books other less important characters ( Laurana, Fizban, and Tika) are just as interesting.<br />The books plot pretty much revolves around the blue crystal staff. Then there are the disks of Mishakal and freeing the prisoners of Pax Tharkas. Trust me, it is impossile to put down.<br />&quot;The dark crimes that stain my soul you cannot begin to imagine.&quot; Raistlin, War Of The Twins
B000059HGY|5.0|Tora Tora Tora was produced in 1970, when technology was less sophisticated than it is today.  But this is no ordinary war film. It attempts to show both the Japanese and the American sides, which is no easy task.  It surprised me how well it succeeded though and, even though some of the dialog seemed awkward in its scripting, I realize it was necessary to help the audience understand some of the complexities of the politics of the time.  There were both Japanese and American directors and writers working on this film and the results are thought provoking.  The Japanese sections are in Japanese, of course, and even though the captions are difficult to read on my small TV, the acting, the history and the Japanese view of fighting with honor kept my eyes glued to the screen.  The Americans, in contrast, look like blunderers, making one tactical mistake after another.  But then again, this kind of thing is always easy to see in retrospect.<br />The cast was huge, with 20 or more major leads.  I was not acquainted with the Japanese actors, but the American cast included Martin Balsam, Joseph Cotton, E.G. Marshall and Jason Robards.  The writers obviously tried to stick closely to historical facts, and there were no central leading characters with inflated roles.  There was also no manufactured back story of individuals caught up in the drama.  And, as the names of both the American and the Japanese generals and politicians were not familiar to me, it was a bit difficult to follow the personalities.  However, there was no problem at all following the movement of the plot.  And, in spite of knowing the eventual outcome, I found myself riveted to the screen.<br />Nominated for five academy awards, mostly for technical achievements, Tora Tora Tora was not a financial success in its time.  I understand that Midway and Mash came out that year and I don't know if audiences were ready to look at the battle from the Japanese point of view.  Although this film did not get into individual stories, we could sense some of the conflicting emotional states that some of the Japanese officers felt during those stress-filled days leading up to the attack.  And we could see the frustration of some of the American officers who believed the attack was coming and who tried to warn their superiors who didn't believe them. I definitely recommend this video for its balanced portrayal of the winds leading up to the war, and hopefully expect that with the release of the blockbuster Pearl Harbor, Tora Tora Tora will take its proper place in the annals of war films.individual stories, we could sense some of the conflicting emotional states that some of the Japanese officers felt during those stress-filled days leading up to the attack.  And we could see the frustration of some of the American officers who believed the attack was coming and who tried to warn their superiors who didn't believe them. I definitely recommend this video for its balanced portrayal of the winds leading up to the war, and hopefully expect that with the release of the blockbuster Pearl Harbor, Tora Tora Tora will take its proper place in the annals of war films.
B0000203Y5|5.0|I realy enjoyed this VHS Buena Vista Social Club. Bring back nice memories when as a child my father used to play these songs.
B000002P86|5.0|This is a total winner.  I recommend this cd for all blues lovers.  It's got the juice to whet your appetite for life and more music.  An inspiration.
B00000253N|5.0|How can a single artist transform his sound, narrative, writing-style for each release?  Bob Dylan.
0451167716|5.0|Last March, while cleaning out our garage, I discovered my old, dog-eared, tattered mass market paperback copy of  \\"The Godfather.\\"  In the three decades since I first read what was then a controversial book that got mixed reviews,  I had only managed to read \\"The Godfather\\" once.  So, over the course of three nights last spring, I journeyed back to 1946 and re-lived the life and crimes of Don Vito Corleone, that fictional Mafia chieftain trying to bring his \\"family\\" into the post-World War II world as a legitimate enterprise.<br /><br />When I first read \\"The Godfather\\" in 1971, I didn't like it very much.  I didn't think it was particularly well written; I thought Puzo's style was simplistic and \\"ham-fisted.\\"  My second reading of  \\"The Godfather\\" certainly changed my opinion of the book!  I don't know what caused my opinion to change... maybe repeated viewings of the movie did it, or possibly a much more mature taste in, and understanding of, what makes for excellence in literary fiction. I now understand that what I once saw as a \\"ham-fisted\\" style is really Puzo's deliberate means of narrating his story in the tough street language of New York, in the harsh, raw criminal culture he so vividly portrays. I now think \\"The Godfather\\"  is a genuinely good book.  Hey, its MUCH better than \\"good;\\" its one heckuva great read!!<br /><br />\\"The Godfather\\" is a sprawling novel with, ironically, a very tight plot.  What I didn't see the first time I read it, but now fully appreciate, is just how masterfully Puzo takes complex little sub-plots (like Sonny Corleone's inability to control his temper; Connie Corleone's domestic squabbles with her loser husband Carlo Rizzi; and Michael Corleone's relationship with, and subsequent marriage to Kay Adams), interweaves them into the whole cloth of the book, and then, at the last minute, makes all of them part of the cataclysmic \\"grand finale\\" of the book.<br /><br />Now, THAT,  folks, is  powerful writing!!  Read and enjoy!!e&quot; of the book.<br />Now, THAT,  folks, is  powerful writing!!  Read and enjoy!!
0783241569|5.0|Notting hill (1995)  Notting hill is one of the sharpest romantic comedys we have ever seen. The movie is funny, romantic and very thouching dough still a bit  kitch. Julia roberts plays anna, a hollywood star (she does it very well unsurprisingly) who arrives by chance into Grant`s tiny book store wich is located in Notting Hill, and then the love novel begins. Usualy Julia`s pearly whites are the big draw in her movies but this time it is Grant the one to steal the film. He is simple, charming and  incredibly wit, all this together make this unbelievable story seem posible after all. The movie`s supporting actors are very colorfull and very contributing to the tail. Especialy Grant`s roomate a realy goofy guy with bad hygine.  If you  have ever seen a movie that you can see 10 times in a road and never get sick of it you`ll understand how we fell about Notting Hill!
0671027344|5.0|Remember the kid in high school you just sort of avoided and no one wanted to eat lunch with? Welcome to his mind. Charlie, the main character, acknowledges that he does not fit in and decides to become friends with the seniors in his school, and along the way, spends a year with them having adventures he's never experienced. Through Charlie, we experience drugs, smoking, and a first kiss. By the end of the novel, you not only sympathize with Charlie but also love him, and right at that point, he discovers something that makes him and all he's built for himself for the past year crumble, and it's heartbreaking to have to witness him attempting to put his life back together. You will start this book and will close it when you're finished, never having moved. Charlie is a character anyone can come to appreciate.
B000056VIY|2.0|Out of boredom, I borrowed this album from a female friend of mine, who professed liking it.  Well, meaningless slick pop drivel is not really my thing, so I predictably did not like it, however it was not as ridiculous as I had predicted.  So I give it 2 stars, because I have heard worst things from people who only do music, not movies, clothes, and god-knows-what-else.  Good, slick production.  Style over substance, as is pretty much the norm in most popular entertainment these days, be it music, cinema, or even sports. Well, I am not the target audience for this type of music, so perhaps I am not a wise one to judge it.  Still, it disturbs me to see all the 5 star ratings thrown around for this album and so many more recent offerings.  People say, &quot;it was pretty cool&quot; and then give it 5 stars.  5 stars should be for albums of the absolute finest quality, revolutionary or at least stellar in the presentation.  I think the measure of a 5 star album is:  will people be listening to or talking about this music in 5 years and beyond?  But I'm sure most of the reviewers of music like this are quite young, not that young people are lacking intelligence and taste (well, maybe taste), but that the young are predictably extreme in their reactions to things.  6 months from now half the 5 star ratings would say, &quot;oh, like I'd listen that that old stuff now.&quot;  I've always admired Jennifer Lopez's onscreen work.  I think she has great charisma and presence onscreen, and she is an effective and believable actress.  My advice to her:  stick to being Jennifer Lopez the actress, and let J Lo the &quot;musical artist&quot; rest in peace.
0515123447|5.0|Another compelling novel by Lee Child, with Jack Reacher as an everyday hero using his skills to the best use. This is the second book i have read of Mr Child's the first being Die Trying another outstanding read.
B00004Z1GH|5.0|If you thought &quot;Dark City&quot;, &quot;The Matrix&quot;, &quot;The Thirteenth Floor&quot;, and &quot;The Game&quot; were the ultimate Gnostic examinations of what True Reality is and which life...or lives...or reincarnation...or half remembered-half forgotten former life you might be accessing again...then move over... &quot;ExistenZ&quot; is the FAR OUT experience of a lifetime... actually of several lifetimes...or of two different lifetimes...at the same time.     These films all &quot;appear&quot; to be science-fantasy or suspense...but don't let that fool you... actually Gnosticism attempts to do that very thing...fool you...but for you own good...so you will see the Truth, but not KNOW it immediately for what it actually is...for  in the phoney world that most people call &quot;real,&quot; appearances themselves are deceiving!    Who is the &quot;enemy&quot; of life and the world? Is it &quot;corporate&quot; buyers and sellers -- or is it the demonic nature of the whole &quot;world system&quot; of matter and materialism itself that is ultimately seeking to do us in? Do you have free will -- or are you a manipulated puppet and slave?  And WHO is manipulating you ...and giving the orders?   All of these questions pop up and down and up again...rearranged in multiple guises and different lives; and different identities are switched at the drop of a consciousness in this fantastic film!  Nothing is always what it seems...and he who is friend one moment, may very well turn out to be he who is enemy is just a  split second of soul/mind switching.   There aren't many films like this one (even though &quot;Dark City&quot; is still the most poetic and allegorically/symbolically stylish)! Buy this...experience this...scratch you head over it for an eternity...or maybe two...or three.  It's worth every penny!
B000002UAU|5.0|Rock and Roll doesn't get much better than this!  In forty minutes, the Fab Four take you on a wild roller coaster ride of music, with plenty of exciting twists and turns.  &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds&quot; is a trippy musical &quot;kaleidescope,&quot; and &quot;When I'm 64&quot; is Paul McCartney at his whimsical best.  George turns in one of his best composition with the hauntingly beautiful &quot;Within You Without You,&quot; and the band shines on classics such as &quot;With a Little Help From My Friends&quot; and &quot;A Day in the Life.&quot;  A must-have for any Beatles fan!  Also check out Abbey Road and Revolver if you haven't already.
B000000WCA|5.0|This was my very first cd album, 5 years ago. It started a downpour that created my CD collection. I miss the days of these Girls, and they still hold a place in my heart. Though I love every single song here, I'm gonna give a rundown anyway.<br />1.Wannabe (2:52)  5 of 5 stars<br />The first pop-ilcious single from the Girls. The blue print to a perfect pop tune.<br />2.Say You'll Be There (3:56)   5 of 5 stars<br />Single number two, another lively slice of energetic pop. All the girls get to display their lovely voices.<br />3.2 Become 1 (4:00)   5 of 5 stars<br />A third single, much slower than the previous, but just as perfect a pop song. This really is a beautiful ballad, something I generally avoid.<br />4.Love Thing (3:37)   5 of 5 stars<br />Not a single, but easily could have been one. This is one of my favorites from this album. I don't wanna know 'bout that love thing! ;-)<br />5.Last Time Lover (4:11)   5 of 5 stars<br />Smooth and sexy pop funk on this one. The Spices are chasin' a guy, and the guy is chasin' them, destiny. ;-)<br />6.Mama (5:03)   5 of 5 stars<br />This was a part of a double A-side in the UK with Who Do You Think You Are. A sweet song about how much a mom should be loved. It's a sweet song!<br />7.Who Do You Think You Are (3:59)   5 of 5 stars<br />This was the other single released alongside Mama. A totally opposite song to the previous, this is a pop song with disco roots.<br />8.Something Kinda Funny (4:02)   5 of 5 stars<br />This song I acctually didn't like in the beginning, but now I love it. They've got something kinda funny going on on this one.<br />9.Naked (4:26)   5 of 5 stars<br />This is slow sexy song, about a young woman taking control of her sexuality, and not letting it be used as a weapon against her by others.<br />10.If U Can't Dance (3:50)   5 of 5 stars<br />Oh, this is just your average latin hip-hop club pop anthem. ;-)<br />Ah, the days of \\"Girl Power!\\" and the Spices amazing popularity. I hope the can achieve it again someday, and this will always be on top of my cd pile.
B000035P5E|5.0|Hubby and I long ago nicknamed Donald Sutherland \\"A or F Sutherland.\\"  This is because his movies tend to be either \\"A\\"s or \\"F\\"s with nothing inbetween.  \\"Eye Of The Needle\\" is one of his very best \\"A\\" films.  It is based on the equally superb novel of the same name.  It is rare when a novel and its film version are equal in excellence but this is one of those rare happenings.  Sutherland plays a German spy, called \\"The Needle,\\" stationed in England during WWII. He uncovers the real destination of the planned Allied D-Day invasion.  In trying to get this information to his country and escape on a German submarine, he ends up stranded on an island with Kate Nelligan and her bitter and crippled husband. This is unfortunate for the Needle. For he finds himself emotionally captivated, as well as sexually, with Nelligan.  Although he has always been able to ruthlessly kill anyone who stood in his mission's way before, Nelligan's fierce courage handicaps him.  A love story as well as a war-espionage story, it is an exhilirating experience from start to finish.  See it.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00005J73X|2.0|Let me first start off by saying that I feel that Bon Jovi is one of the BEST rock bands that have ever taken the stage.  However, I am EXTREMELY disappointed by this live album for many reasons.  One of the reasons is that it is a single disc set.  Bon Jovi have been around for almost 20 years.  They have had tons of hits and even more fan favorites.  They could have easily filled 2, possibly three discs with their catalog.  Secondly, I feel that the &quot;1985-2001&quot; is very misleading.  With the exception of &quot;Runaway&quot; and &quot;In and Out of Love&quot;, all the live tracks were recorded from 1995 -2000.  The third, and probably the most frustrating reason is the lack of continuity.  There are usually 2 songs from each show together on the disc, and they sound fine, but after that, the song fades down, and the next group of songs fade in.  When I listen to a live album, I want to feel like I am at a Bon Jovi concert, and with a fade out every few songs, it definitely loses the live feel to the record.  One of the very positive things about this record is the presence of 2 covers songs:  Rockin in the free World and I don't like Mondays.  It was a real treat for me to hear these songs, and if it was a double of triple disc set, like I wished, they probably could have put a lot more coves on there as well.  All in all, this live album was a huge disappointment for me.  Greanted it had some cool cover songs, and some very good live renditions of our studio favorites, but it is too short, it doesn't cover the bands career as good as it should, and it lacks continuity.  Hopefully Bon Jovi puts out another live album that is MUCH better, because I know they can do a lot better!!
B000059XUI|3.0|If there was any reason to like Superman II better than the original, it was the fact that II was more of a complete story.  Unlike the first feature, which goes through several sections, II starts off with Superman in action immediately.  From there, we are given three different sections crosscutting with each other. From Lois and Clark falling in love, to Luther preparing his plan in the Arctic, to the three Kryptonians landing on Earth.  With this setup, II has every reason to be as entertaining as I.  I have always had problems with this movie compared to the original though.<br />The first problem, as everyone else has mentioned, is the music. John Williams's presence is sorely missed.  The new music is poorly performed by Ken Thorne.  It sounds like Thorne just pulled out the Superman soundtrack and picked titles to play throughout the movie.  I can't find one piece of the score that is new.<br />Second is the cheating aspects of the script.  In the middle of the film, there is a scene where Superman's mother tells him he must relinquish his powers to be with Lois.  She tells him that once it is done there is no return.  This is a very emotional, suspenseful scene, as he tells her he loves her and must do it.  Still, when he goes back to Fortress of Solitude, he regains his powers with no explanation. What difference does it make it if he did misplace that green crystal?.  It left me feeling cheated, but not as much as the cop out at the end when he makes Lois forget everything.  Luckily for Superman he happened to have an amnesia power in his pocket.  It sounds more like an easy, quick way out for a writer.  <br />Also, Margot Kidder was so attractive in the first feature.  Here, she looks too gaunt and pale.  It was very easy to guess, just by looking at her, what scenes were filmed during the first film's shooting (like the diner scene) and what was filmed later.<br />Most of these aspects are probably linked to the absence of Richard Donner.  Reading all of the previous reviews, I have learned a lot about what happened back during the making of the two films.  Thank you all for this information.  Why didn't the Salkind's let him finish it?  Clearly it would have been a much better film.  After Superman III, which was the first film without any of Donner's influence, the producers must have surely realized their mistake.<br />Richard Donner clearly was the talent that brought Superman to life.  Along with everyone else, I would very much like to see all of his footage from this film.
B000002UVZ|4.0|In my unhumble opinion, &quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot; stands out among the pre- &quot;Document&quot; records. This is R.E.M. before the fame and glory. Amazingly this record was virtually ignored by the masses. &quot;Pageant&quot; is a diamond in the rough. Had this record been released in the 90's, you would have seen tracks like &quot;Fall On Me&quot; and &quot;Superman&quot; hit the Top 20 airplay easily.
B000056K04|5.0|It certainly irritates me that people state this as a &quot;horrible album, the worst ever.&quot; While this may not be Matthews' best album (yes, I too agree that it is the worst DMB album), it certainly is not a BAD album. I have never given a Dave Matthews album any lower than five stars because they brilliantly combine magical lyrics, stunning instrumentals, and mesmorizing vocals, to create a nearly unimaginable greatness. This album is different than his others in that the songs do not drag out in drug-induced instrumentals for ten or so minutes (even though I do appreciate that about them). Well, life is all about change, my friends, and though it goes unnoticed, all of Dave's albums are diverse in one way or another. &quot;Under the Table&quot; is a folk-ish rock album, with 3-4 minute masterpieces. &quot;Crash&quot; is a bit more, with more meaningful lyrics and soaring instrumentals. &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; is one big jam session, with insanely crazed lyrics and an emotional touch like none other. And now, that leaves us with &quot;Everyday,&quot; which is more of a combination of all three. It takes the shorter approach (via &quot;Under the Table&quot;), it takes the compassion of &quot;Crash,&quot; and the lyrical wizardry of &quot;Crowded Streets&quot; and creates something new. So what, this album would certainly be criticized if it followed the exact same pattern of one of the other three studio efforts. So what did Dave have left to try? New territory, and that's exactly what Dave did. For those hardcore jam session fanatics, don't worry, they will return someday, and in the form of another DMB album, no doubt. For those who enjoy those angry tones that are absent from &quot;Everyday,&quot; plug &quot;Before These Crowded Streets&quot; into your stereo and soak it in. This is new, and it's wonderful. Tracks worth a listen are: I Did It (I didn't think much of it at first, but I broke into it), The Space Between, So Right, What You Are (drivingly awesome, shades of &quot;The Last Stop&quot;), Angel (my personal favorite, ranks right up there with Satellite, Ants Marching &amp; Crash Into Me), Mother Father, and Everyday. Unlike any of the other Dave albums, this didn't have to grow on me, I liked it upon the first listen. If you don't have this, ignore the cynical 97% of the fans and buy it, it's worth it.
B000059ZLH|5.0|Alrghty folks, here's the real skinny: Forget the hype about Dolby, wide screen (have you won the lottery or something?), or the sound level. When you buy this DVD, you are witnessing live musical perfection, plain and simple. It's three hours of mind-numbing, honey get the kids and cancel Christmas, pick your jaw up off the floor progressive music at it's finest. Some people fail to realize how rare a live performance of this caliber is these days, but there it is, sitting in your DVD player ready to kick your arse and leave you mumbling, &quot;Whadda Phenomenon....Whadda Phenomenon......&quot; GET IT NOW.
B000059Z8J|5.0|It's very rare to find a DVD with interesting extras and more than what you've bargained for.  Indeed &quot;Superman-The Movie&quot; has a great deal of extras that make me think that...WOW!  Now this is DVD!!!<br />I don't care if I find the additional scenes unnecessary, but the image quality is one of the best I've seen so far.  The visual effects never looked better -I'd like to make a special reference to the main credits...WHOOOSH!  The sound mix is excellent.  I mean everything about this transfer is fantastic.<br />The extras are great.  Those three documentaries show different aspects of the movie that I never figured out, especially I was moved by the references to Christopher Reeve's struggle to stand from his wheelchair and cinematographer Geoffrey Unsworth, whose work on &quot;Superman-The Movie&quot; was the last one before his death.  You also marvel yourself to find out the lengths reached by the visual effects wizards to create the illusion of the Man Of Steel flying.<br />But the best, I think, is the isolated track of John Williams' rousing score.  Not only does the DVD have the music edited to fit the film, but also the alternate cues which are mostly found on the Rhino soundtrack CD.  I thank Warner Bros. for including such a fantastic extra.<br />&quot;Superman-The Movie&quot; is definitely the best DVD released this year.  I don't know whether future releases will have the same quality of this one, but one thing is certain:  This DVD does fly!!!
0060392886|5.0|If you have read the book, you'll know who Bullwinkle was... There is no doubt in my mind that when I received THE DIRT, I was going to be amuzed.  I was more than that.  I was awestruck as to the things I DIDN'T know about this band.  To think I thought I was a CRUE HEAD.  I found myself anwswering my own questions to the things I was &quot;green&quot; with.  WOW.  I absolutely could not put this book down.  If you have followed THE CRUE since the beginning or since the days of FEELGOOD, whenever you began your passion for this decadent life long, way of expression, you need to read &quot;THE DIRT&quot;. What else can be said about this gang, full of hair dye, chainsaws, makeup, fire, leather, groupies, 2 and 3 day-ers, unbelieveable. Check their website if you are not aware ofit:... Thank you Nikki, Tommy, Mick, Vince.  A job well done.
B000056MOD|1.0|Magnificent production values cannot rescue an utterly lame, unbelievable script. The love interest is a scrawny, fat-lipped model who looks like 1000 others. Never has the adorable Amanda been more missed. Add the inexcusable waste of Peter Wingfield and Jim Byrnes, and you have no reason to buy this bore-flick. One star for photography, music and costumes. And I'm a devoted Highlander fan.
0393038912|5.0|For an amateur evolutionary anthropologist I found the book a fascinating, multi-faceted, and generally readable story of the evolution of civilization since the last ice age. Diamond takes us from nomadic hunter-gatherers who were fortunately situated by climate and geography to find domesticated plants and animals to the birth of fixed farming communities. The latter needed organization, bureaucracy, political systems, and language, as well as an army to defend their territory and expand into neighboring ones. He demonstrates which of the wild plants were most readily domesticated (wheat, barley, millet, sorghum) and which animals contributed to the protein diet and transportation (sheep, goats, cows, pigs, horses,dogs). He also makes logical arguments as to why other animals were not domesticable. Interestingly, most of the domesticated animals are herbivores. Because of the roughly 10% efficiency of conversion of food (either meat or vegetation) to weight, the carnivores must consume 10 times their weight in their prey of herbivores, which must therefore consume 10 times their weight in vegetation; it is thus much more efficient for man to eliminate carnivores - the middle man - as their primary diet. Of course, most of the carnivores are also more dangerous and not easily captured. But this is a sidebar to the story.   With this as a point of departure, Diamond traces the evolution and trajectories of societies around the world - starting with the Fertile Crescent in the middle east about 12000 B.C. - in a suitable climate (much later decayed to deserts by deforestation and overgrazing). And progressing first to Austronasian, (China) to Polynesia, New Guinea, and Australia  and somewhat later to Greece and western Europe. The diffusion of farming, animals, language, and technology (including the wheel), moved readily in both directions across the Euro-Asian continents - which extends east-west without many ecological or geographical barriers. This compares to the slow diffusion of corresponding features in the western hemisphere where plants and animals (llama and alpaca in South America) never made it across the vast climatic and geographical barriers into North America. It is surprising that corn domesticated in Mexico took a few millenia to make it to native Americans in eastern U.S. And the wheel - used on Mexican toys - took several millennia to develop in the western hemisphere much after they had become operating transportation systems in the middle east.   With the development of ocean going ships (which had been abandoned by the Chinese for political reasons) we approach recorded history - with the Norse arrivals in Greenland (which did not last), and the Spanish conquests of the Incas in Peru (with a few hundred horse-mounted troops with weapons), and the Aztecs in Mexico. Having brought \\"civilization\\" to the new world, they then devastated the natives with weapons and disease.   Diamond presents this \\"history\\" as hypotheses in need of further elaboration rather than as dogma.  The story is made more fascinating by the anthropological tools (carbon dating), the garbage left by primitive tribes and communities, pottery, language, and technology, which make sense of the geographical dispersion of peoples and their cultural evolution.   Diamond's book is repetitive and plodding in places, but the reader will be well rewarded by pursuing this fascinating story, which ends with a question as to what the future holds for civilization.
B00005B36H|5.0|I've always been ambivalent about Tool.  At times I found them pretentious &amp; silly, other times brilliant.  This CD has put me squarely in their corner.  It is fantastic from beginning to end.  My favorite track is &quot;The Grudge&quot;, but there isn't a bad song on &quot;Lateralus&quot;, each leading you in in fits and spurts, entranced, to it's eerie end.
0783228457|5.0|One of the best movies ever made.  Cronenberg hit top form and top weirdness with this one.  This is not just another hole in the stomach for inserting video cassettes film?!, this is the one that worked.  The best way to watch this film is to have very little knowledge of what it is about before seeing it.  So all I will say is \\"buy it now\\".<br />Apparently it didn't do to well at the box office and if you watch the trailer on this disc you will see why(whoever came up with it should be ...).
B000056VIY|5.0|Unlike the first album of Jennifer Lopez (On The 6), which is essentially pop-feel, J. Lo is a slightly different mosaic of the rousing rhythms of latin, the catchy sounds of pop and energy of techno, which surprsingly works out to be an interesting listening experience. The tracks flow well into one another despite that they may belong to different genres of music. This could be due to the fast tracks sharing a similar feel of vigor and the rich, full sounds. <br />The album could not be more appealing if you like dance music. More than half of this album is comprised of upbeat tracks (latin, pop, hip hop and techno) that you can easily groove to.   Some critics have panned Jennifer Lopez on her weak vocals. However the focus of the album should be on the music. Granted her voice is not exactly enthralling, it manages to sound pleasant and complements excellently with her modest style of vocal delivery.<br />This album has such energetic vibes that I actually use it during jogging and aerobics. Highly recommended if you like dance music.
6302529484|5.0|This is a fabulous movie! Not only is it a wonderful historic film and full of drama and suspense there are also many scenes that are actualy extremely funny. My favorite part is where O'Flagherty is standing right at the white line swinging his feet over it and grinning into the ... gun sights knowing they can do nothing unless he actualy crosses it! I also always enjoy it when an Irish actor plays an Irish-man, a phony Irish accent is so glaringly noticable but a real one is beautiful. Christopher Plummer is also fantastic as Colonel Kappler, the way he maneges to be purely evil and ruthless yet still have a convincing human side is awesome. I would highly recomend this movie to anyone!
B00004Z459|5.0|this CD is great , u feel it , there are some tracks that are purely depressing that u can cry to (with you,in the end,crawling,pushing me away) anger tracks (one step closer,by myself,runaway,a place for my head,points of authority) and well just tracks 2 enjoy and see where they take u (papercut,a cure for the itch,forgotten) ........its great , really short but great , if you like this alot you should check out their first CD .
B0000029GA|5.0|Oh how good he was.  This is arguably the best hiphop CD ever.  If you love hiphop, then you gotta have this.  Period.  His ill rhymes will blow you away.  I've had this CD for a while now and have listened to it many a time, but Nas' ingenius lyrics on this album could never get old.  In my opinion, on this CD Nas even surpasses his own hero Rakim, and that's quite a feat.  I admit, I even enjoy Nas' mainstream stuff, but nothing compares to this.  Even if you don't like Nas the way he is now, ya gotta love the way he was.  The man had a lyrical prowess like no other.  This CD is way more than a classic, it's God in the form of an album.  There can be no better or purer for all of time.  As you can see, there's no fillers (there's only 10 tracks), it's all 100% classics, you'll love every minute of it.  The CD also offers Grade A producing by the likes of DJ Premier, Large Professor, Pete Rock and Q-tip.  RIP IllWill.  All hail the chip-toothed Don.<br />one
B000059XUO|5.0|I think that people truly miss the point of the Crow.  it's not about love, revenge, or what have you but the human spirit.  it lives in us all rather you fight everyday to live life to the fullest or if you cant grasp life at all.  After lee's death in the film from a violent break in at his home we are confronted with his transformation into a one man army.  he isnt fighting to revenge the lost of his lover but for the loss of his life.  Which held his lover, music and world. Proyas knoes this and makes the city a dark realm and its always raing in the Raven's world surronded by ever falling tears.  The fighting scenes are top notch and its a shame that for all lee's magic and charisma the last world he lived in was make believe
B00003CXFG|5.0|When I rented this film, I did so not expecting to like it. How wrong I was! This film is definitely in the top level of the best sf movies. The plot and script are relatively solid and remain far enough from the edge of comic-book logic to keep me believing in the situation. The monsters are fairly decent, but the best thing going in the film is the main character as portrayed by Vin Deisel, an actor I had never seen. If his performance in this film is any indication of his talent, I'll be happy to see him in another role. All in all, PITCH BLACK was a very pleasant surprise.
B00004X01U|4.0|On the cooling heels of Ray of Light came Music... and the record certainly had some big shoes to fill. Ray of Light racked up awards and nods from every corner of the Musical Critic's world, and it certainly deserved them. But, Ray of Light was a sermon, and those of you who were raised in church know how good it feels to leave the auditorium after closing, run outside and play! That is how I feel about Music... it's the \\"B-side\\" to Ray, and it fills that role perfectly.<br /><br />Don't look for introspection, politics, or thoughts of motherhood here, it's not concerned with those issues. Just drop the disk in your player, crank it up and dance. That's what recess is all about.<br /><br />One thing though... only 10 tracks? I wanna dance with my baby longer than just 45 minutes!
B00003CXHJ|1.0|This film is the ultimate nightmare! When reading some of the reviews I could not believe these people had seen the film, neither could I believe what some people wrote. I mean, not being accurate about historical facts is one thing, but simply misleading the audience to show once again how great the boys did is another - and on top of it to read: &quot;teaching history belongs to the classroom&quot; that - I'm afraid - kicked my brains out. Man, wake up, nobody pays attention in history lessons at school (I am a history teacher - I know what I am talking about)<br />The youngsters nowadays learn by visual effects! So, to show a film and refer to fiction but then claim it is a tribute to various U-boat crews during WWII????!!!&amp;%$? Isn't there something wrong in the logic?<br />Then, Harvey Keitel was a miscast. The Captain not at all convincing. Several sequences simply copied from Das Boot. The tension on the boat was more than fake! How can people compare this film to Das Boot. And last but not least: the scene when they capture the German submarine ... please don't let me comment on that one. Those scenes reminded me of Steven Seagall, Bruce Willis and some others of that category - only they do it much better. Last: the shoot-out with the German submarine?! Please do not insult our intelligence. No, this film does not even deserve a single star. Do not buy it.
B00004TRD8|5.0|Wow! I mean, like, Wow!<br />This DVD defines what the DVD format is all about. The film is beautifully transferred, and the extras alone would be well worth the money for the disc.<br />This release sets the bar very high, and is the benchmark against which I judge DVDs. It's too bad, really, since most pale by comparison.<br />The Easter Egg for the super-duper extra-extended version is clever. I don't see why the original theatrical release left that footage out.
B00000J7I3|5.0|If you own and like &quot;Shout at the Devil&quot;, and you don't have this album, then SLAP yourself in the face twice and then GET IT NOW!!  Nothing else really needs to be said, except that these two albums are without a doubt Motley Crues' best material to date, and it's a toss up as to which of these is better.  Certainly less polished than their later works, but THAT'S what makes it so great!!  Very original, raw, and &quot;garage-band&quot; sound... trust me... you'll play it over and over and over and over again!!
6304712936|5.0|Never blink while watching this film or you might miss all the little nuances. The simple fact that the men are just as primed and proper as the females is only understated by the female characters ever heaving corsets.  The costumes alone is worth the price of the dvd.  Tom Hulce has the best performance in this film not just because he plays the title character but because we some how loose him in the movie and aactually believe him in the title role.  Mozart may have been a genius but it is also well documented that he was a brat and less talented then his sister. Abraham makes you cry for him and through out his totured performance as the under appreciated Salieri. But the true message of this film is the truth in god as it is masked by the glorius storytelling.  Forman paints the landscape with almost every shade of the Last Supper and makes no mistake in the scene where Salieri pledges his life for his talent.  This film is for the non-believers, all those who think that life stinks get to revel in a beautiful majestic world where neither the wishes of the gifted or the normal folks are granted some would say that's the only world there is.
B00005B36H|5.0|I got this CD the day it was released, pre-ordered it, and I have been listening to it for about 12 days now. I am old fan of Tool, from the 93 when I bought Opiate, and I think they have improved, and still going to. This album, when it comes to production, is somewhat cleaner than Aenima in a way that it is slightly different in sounding guitar, and base lines to drumming. Even though there are lots of long songs, they never get to be remotley boring, 'cause of all changes in pace of music, singing styles and silent moments (just listen to Grudge, and you'll notice at least 5 changes in pace). Musicians are really in their prime, but on this album drumming is absolutley amazing. What I like is that (like the other Tool albums), it gets you to come back, to listen more, it gets your attention (you just cannot play it as background music), and you still want more. It appears that this album is not as heavy as previous albums, but that is not true, it is just a hard-hitting as their earlier works. Now, when it comes to those &quot;non-songs&quot;, I really can't belive that some people don't get these intros. Eon blue is made as intro to Patient, Parabol likewise and Mantra is atmospheric piece. You people try to pay attention to albums you listen to before getting all worked up about flaws. 5 years wait is not same as 5 years working on a album. Have you been interested in Tool, you'd know that they were touring Aenima for 2 yrs, doing Ozz-fest, and Perfect Circle, which gave them around 1 year to do this album, and I say they made one helluva piece of music. This album is a breath of fresh air in this stench of modern-music decay, and if you don't want to hold your breath, pick this up, open your mind, close your eyes and enter the hall of musical divinity.
B000001ESN|5.0|Permant Waves is maybe one of  the best albums, Rush ever made ,outstanding tracks include'Spirit of radio','Freewill','Entre nous'&amp; of course'Natural science',excellent.A good place to start,what are you waiting for?,go and buy it..Cygnus..
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I saw the preview of the making of the movie on cable and the music that they previewed on there sounded fantastic! i couldn't wait to get the album.. and now that i did, it's AWESOME!.. i'm not really a big fan of musicals but this really rocks.. i love the Lady Marmalade cover.. itz even #1 on the Billboard Music Charts! the other songs are soo good too! a lot of the music is really weird yet funny and entertaining.. Nicole Kidman has a pretty kewl voice and i like the Diamonds song.. well i hope everyone goes and buys this.. and GO SEE THE MOVIE! ;-)
B00004XQP4|5.0|I'll make this quick and easy. Warning is simply the best Compact Disc of all time. From Warning to Macy's Day Parade these songs kick ___!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Savage Garden is a very talented musical duo.  There have been many comparing them to such bands as Incubus.  I do enjoy both bands, as a matter of fact, but some people just can't get it through their heads that you don't have to be dark to be deep.  They are definately poets, and they are honest.  Many men think dark is deep, and they hide their 'girly' emotions.  They are afraid of being called gay.  Being afraid, isn't that quite--'gay' in the man's mind??  I am so proud of Savage Garden for being able to express ALL their emotions, and not being afraid to have to stick to a certain kind of music!  They have a mix, depending on the mood of their songs and they put themselves out there!!  People who rate this album low do not know Savage Garden well!  Thanks!
B000005J56|5.0|This is a MUST buy for ANYONE who loves music, especially Jazz and/or Latin.  Classic Cuban sounds for a group of amazing musicians!  Thank you Roy Coder for re-discovering this fabulous sound.  If you have never bought a CD in foriegn language before, now is the time to start.  Stop browzing and hit Add to my Cart - NOW!!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Most new albums never live up to the quality of the band's original work.  I can't say the same for the &quot;Brave New World&quot; album because this is definately Maiden's standard of quality.  I just wish the last four records could have been this good(even though none of them were really that bad).  The first track of the album is Wickerman, which is one of the heaviest on the album.  The biggest problem for this song is that the refrain is so simplistic and boring.  The next track is Ghost of the Navigator, which is without a doubt the best song on the album.  It has a nice heavy feel to it and it has brilliant lyrics streaming through the song.  The third song is the title track Brave New World, which is a great song with the most repetitive refrain I have ever heard in my life.  The band should have spent an extra ten minutes writing it and create a more complex refrain.  The rest of the album is good (notably Dream of Mirrors, Blood Brothers, and Out of the Silent Planet)but the only one which I think is concert worthy on the next tour is Ghost of the Navigator.  Overall, it is the best album in years.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This Album, organized chronologically, captures Bob career. From his early sessions at Studio One, to his last performance before his untimely death, Songs of Freedom has it all. I especially enjoyed disc 2.
B00005BJWO|5.0|I bought this for 12 Monkeys, with the Jackal as sort of an afterthought.  I think that it is easily worth the price because either the Jackal or 12 Monkeys alone costs 25 bucks, so why not get both?  12 Monkeys is a great, thought provoking movie, and is worth the price alone, but for LESS than the price of the Jackal on DVD alone, you get both movies.  If you want to buy either 12 Monkeys OR the Jackal, buying both saves you money.  Both DVDs have pretty good features too, and the 12 Monkeys DVD has a documentary that is almost as long as the movie.  Overall, I would say that this is a great bargain.
B00000I49J|5.0|This cd is perhaps Jesus and Mary Chain's crowing achievement.  The pinnacle of their career so to speak.<br />This cd came out in a year of feedback inspired moody brit music. Amidst The Mighty Lemon Drops and Love and Rockets--although not so much as they did on &quot;Seventh Dream...&quot; (and maybe even the Alarm) was this one. And, simply, it is a masterpiece.<br />J&amp;M seemed to just emit constant feedback with their first cd, &quot;Psychocandy.&quot;  The only exception on that disc, was the beautiful (and worthy of the price of the disc itself) &quot;Just Like Honey.&quot;<br />But with this cd, with this one they flourished.  These songs are absolutely beautiful.  Wonderfully crafted music, with just enough feedback to let you know it's J&amp;M C, these songs do not disappoint.  They capture J&amp;M C in extremely fine form, before they fell into the self-made pit of the type of twin 4-barrel carb, four-on-the-floor, flathead-infused car rock that was &quot;Head On&quot; and after.<br />This one is a very somber, yet not altogether melancholic, as well as joyous (at times) release.  I loved it then, and I still love it to this day.<br />As an aside note, it's interesting that alot of the bands listed above, who were playing around with the feedback thing, at the time, had this &quot;rain&quot; or weather theme going.  That is, &quot;Happy When It Rains&quot; and &quot;Nine Million Rainy Days&quot; by J&amp;M Chain, &quot;Fall like Rain&quot; by The Mighty Lemon Drops, &quot;Rain in the Summertime&quot; by the Alarm,  and....umm....&quot;It could be Sunshine&quot; by Love and Rockets.<br />Enjoy this one.  I know you will.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Powerslave is the first album I heard off Iron Maiden and it is my second favorite Maiden Record(my first being Seventh Son of a Seventh Son).  Almost everyone who will listen to the first Track(Aces High)will desperately want to here more.  Aces High is fast,heavy, and energetic which sets up the style of the rest of the album.  This and every other album of Iron Maiden seems to have the track list set up perfectly.  Two Minutes to Midnight is another great song off the band but it does take a few listens to really sink in.  For some weird reason I didn't really like the song until the second time I heard. Now I think it is one of the best songs off maiden..  Flash of the blade is a good song but it's kind of different from the rest of the tracks.  The only Mediocre song on the album was Back in the Village, and the Duellist didn't exactly match Maiden's standards either.  On the other hand, the song Powerslave is a very deep and heavy song which is full of imagery and dark lyrics.  The last song of the album is Rime of the Ancient Mariner.  This is a really good song but it last about thirteen minutes.  The first four minutes and the last five minutes are good but the rest is just not necessary.  The length of this song is what keeps it from being my favorite Iron Maiden song ever.  I still can't believe they played it in concert.
0385484518|5.0|Love--delight, enthusiasm, kindness--is the only thing that matters. Everything else is just an obstacle or an enabler.<br />Morrie Schwartz understood this. He knew what makes life full and what makes it empty. And to a great extent he lived out what he knew.<br />His former student Mitch Albom, learning that his old professor was dying of ALS, recorded what Morrie said as he distilled into his last months the lessons of a lifetime devoted to love and understanding.<br />This book, their joint gift to the future, is a rare treat, full of good humor despite its sad origin and its intense urgency. And it is a wake-up call.
B00003CXLG|5.0|BASED on the classic Dr. Seuss tale of &quot;HOW THE GRINCH STOLE CHRISTMAS&quot;, THE GRINCH not only proved the durability of the multi-talented JIM CARREY (comedies, dramas, now family films), but also proved that classic stories can be modernized and still be just as enjoyable. <br />Not only is the unique element of the story still there, but the silver screened edition adds more plot on many subjects. Most importantly - the Grinch's origin that explains his hatred and disgust for the Whos and their beloved holiday. Some will argue that this either perverts a classic or dulls it's shine. Not at all, and after seeing the movie you'll realize that it is in no way possible.<br />The movie can't tarnish that eternal shine, and really can only make the old classic even more popular than it already is. Here are some facts and comparisons:<br />Some say: &quot;If you can't stick to the classic's criteria, there shouldn't be an updated version.&quot;<br />I say: &quot;The classic is a 2 minute read and a 30 minute cartoon. There's no such thing as adjusting a 30 minute cartoon's subject matter into that of a required (atleast) 90 minute film. The updated version actually contains all that is in the cartoon and book, adding the rest was simply needed. Could you imagine stretching out 30 minutes of material into 90 minutes?! Anyways, THE GRINCH is BASED on the classic childrens book. B A S E D.&quot;<br />Some say: &quot;I went to THE GRINCH in hopes of seeing something alot more. That movie is basically the Grinch stealing Christmas, where's the rest? Surely the story needed something different!&quot;<br />I say: &quot;Saying you knew the Grinch would steal Christmas and that you expected more is like saying you went to TITANIC in hopes of the true story having a manipulative-movie-happy-ending where the boat doesn't sink. Too bad because besides the added origin/reasoning, great make-up (Oscar winning), excellent design and portrayal of the Whos and their town (Oscar nominated Art Direction)...you also get JIM CARREY who gives another Oscar-snubbed performance as the Grinch. Not only does CARREY go through with hours and hours of make-up each day to get the job done, he also makes the Grinch his own. He keeps the tone and attitude of the classic character solid while adding humor, plenty of facial expressions he could do without make-up, and most of all... ironically likeable.&quot;<br />Some say: &quot;Where's the rhyming and Seuss-like feel? The movie had dialouge and singing...but that dialouge should be in rhyme!&quot;<br />I say: &quot;Pleeeeaaassseee!! That's the one thing this movie definetely did not need and wisely kept out! Constant Seuss rhymes would only bore the adults of the FAMILY MOVIE AUDIENCE much like Disney movie songs and Barney sing-a-longs. A little rhyming is allright, a whole 90 minutes...&quot;<br />Some say: &quot;Many parts of THE GRINCH are not for children audiences! Kissing a dog's rearend! Belching in someone's face? That is so immature and vulgar for a PG rated movie!&quot;<br />I say: &quot;Firstly, it's a PG (Parental Guidence suggested, let's all say it together...again...one more time). Lastly, it doesn't show a close-up (or at all) of the dog's butt meeting the lips of it's victim. It's not as graphic as you make it sound. Belching...yeah, gross. Nobody does that until they see a movie to influence them to do so. Yeah, whatever...next?&quot;<br />Some say: &quot;There's quite the run of dry spots that can drag on.&quot;<br />I say: &quot;I must not have noticed, nor left the house with such a Grinch-like attitude. I went to the movie to have fun. The parts I thought were dry was the little girl singing &quot;Where Are You Christmas&quot;, but atleast, thank god, they didn't go overkill with it. JIM CARREY also gets in on the singing with his version of YOU'RE A MEAN ONE, MR. GRINCH.&quot;<br />I haven't seen THE GRINCH since opening day (11/17/00) and would gladly deem it in the Top 5 Moviesof 2000. AND, it certainly isn't as bad as THEY make it seem. Either they are JIM CARREY bashers or not a fan of modernizing classics, but I can't think of one real reason not to see it. Though I won't and can't ever forget this NOW-CLASSIC, I do highly recommend this one for everybody. At the moment I am wishing I had seen it more than once, 'cause now I'm suffering from withdrawls to know when it will be released to own on DVD! Remember, not all classics set the standards. Sometimes it can be the upstaged by it's successor.
B000003BDJ|4.0|The real tip-off that this is a great compilation, in which somebody who really understood the early Stones invested a lot of time, thought and smarts, is the inclusion of the GET YER YA-YA'S OUT version of &quot;Midnight Rambler,&quot; the most raucus and intimidating Stones recording of all time.  If it had been left up to the usual suits, only studio versions would have been included, and &quot;Midnight Rambler&quot; would have been left behind entirely.  Listen to the crowd's response to the band's thunder in the slow, middle section----expletives shouted in ecstasy.<br />HOT ROCKS is the Stones LP to grab for your intro to the group, it's also a fine record to throw on the system for a long stretch of uninterupted great Rock &amp; Roll.
B00003CXQX|5.0|My friend purchased this DVD on a whim, because she liked David Spade. Little did I know that this would become my all-time favorite Disney movie, surpassing such classics as Lady and the Tramp and Beauty and the Beast. I liked the fact that the movie did not burst into a song and dance routine every 15 minutes or so. The comedy was mature enough for adults to enjoy yet I wouldn't hesitate to let my younger sibling watch it. Even as college kids who think we're too cool for Disney, all of us were laughing hysterically over the little llama's antics.
B000006ED1|4.0|Ok, first and foremost, as a newly minted lover of all things Blind Guardian, let me just say I was initially disappointed with this album. I had just gotten through listening to &quot;Twilight&quot; and &quot;Far Beyond&quot; and being thoroughly blown away by both of those I had huge expectations for this newest album.<br />I was immediately wrapped up in the story of the disc; Guardian has done a phenomenal job of weaving a classic fantasy tale throughout the epic music and imagery. However, the band goes a bit over the top in their &quot;orchestrated&quot; approach. I understand their desire to create a fantasy-like medieval sounding metal album - and they did - but the Blind Guardian I LOVE is the speedier and still melodic power metal of their earlier albums.<br />Don't get me wrong, this album has many, many superb moments, but I found it meandering at times, especially during &quot;Thorn&quot; and the &quot;The Eldar.&quot; On the plus side, &quot;Mirror Mirror&quot; might have just become my favorite Blind Guardian song. On the whole, an extremely worthwhile album if you're already familiar with the band; if not, pick up one of their earlier epics and ease into this one.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is a must have jazz classic. Davis' smooth sounds and simple, yet beautiful improvisations really stand out in this album of classic &quot;jam songs.&quot; Another special aspect of this album is that it's not the almost annoying type of jazz that you can't ignore. This album is so soft yet diverse that you could play it during a date, or even while studying. If you had to buy one Miles Davis album, or even one jazz album, buy this!!
B000002MFE|5.0|Often overlooked in the mountain of superlatives thrown at Clapton's electric &amp; psychedelic blues is his acoustic playing--maybe because he hadn't shown it off on more than a hand full of tracks prior to 1992's UNPLUGGED.<br />Even more impressive than his tasty picking on this CD is his singing.  Like Townshend and George Harrison, Clapton has masked his usually unimpressive voice behind other singers and his own guitar, but here his is flawless.  His voice is warm, smoky, emotional, and completely relaxed.  &quot;Running On Faith&quot; and &quot;Old Love,&quot; in particular, are the works of a masterful singer, one I hadn't recognized until this LP was released.<br />Clapton supposedly didn't like the Unplugged concept and didn't think his performance was particularly good.  I guess even Picasso had days when he thought he was a piker.<br />It turns my stomach to admit that anything coming out of MTV is of any quality whatsoever, but this is one great CD.
B00004XQJX|5.0|This is an engaging and (dare I say it?) entertaining recording of Beethoven's Diabelli Variations. In this performance, the many distinctive moods of this work, from the playful (Var. 5) and exhuberent (Variations 23), to the quietly introspective (Var.  24), the eerie (no's 14 and 20), the graceful (Var. 8), the irreverent (what else could you call Beethoven's choice of  theme?), and the immensely personal world of the final variations, are vividly presented, full of individuality, yet, with an understanding of the relationship of each one to the variations around it and the work as a unified whole. Although this interpretation is `intellectual', it is by no means `studied', and the work unfolds naturally and with authority in this emotionally satisfying performance. Highly recommended.
B00004ZD69|4.0|Another reviewer commented that Godspeed is a group you like less the more you've heard from them.  I have to admit that this has been true for me, so far.  After being blown away by the Slow Riot For New Zero Kanada EP, I had high hopes for Skinny Fists that've since been crushed.  The music still follows a build-crescendo-build structure, and the guitars in the crescendos aren't always ear-pleasing.<br />Of course, I haven't given this album four stars just to be generous.  It's moving, and very creative within the structure the band has set for itself.  It mixes elements of rock, classical music, and even a little electronic ambience.  Coupled with the recorded speeches the result could best be described as instrumental Radiohead meets Scanner - but that comparison doesn't do these two discs justice.  As Morpheus might say, no one can be told what Skinny Fists sounds like.  You have to listen to it yourself.
6305736650|5.0|We all know that Casablanca is a classic romance. However, when you're deciding whether to buy the VHS or DVD version of this masterpiece, definetly buy the DVD. Not only are the picture and sound precise and clear, but the extra features are great. It's so neat to be able to see the original theatrical trailer, and to study the documentary. This is a must have for any movie lover! **oh, if you really want to have fun with this movie, select French with English subtitles. Hearing a Frenchman imitating Peter Lorre's &quot;help me Rick!&quot; scene is hilarious!!
B000001DTM|4.0|Much of ACHTUNG BABY is high-grade U2: very, very good Rock, with excellent guitars and the most muscular voice in latter-day Rock.  Enjoyable, danceable, thoughtful stuff.<br />Then there's &quot;One.&quot;<br />Has there been a better Rock single?  Maybe.  Maybe a few.  But &quot;One&quot; is such a stunning, stunning record that it puts the rest of this CD to shame.  Like &quot;Hey Jude&quot; and a few others, it is built from simple pieces and overflows with a mix of emotions--anger, fear, determination, and some kind of overriding love, I mean the BIG love, that Krishna-conciousness world-love stuff--that you cannot help but be moved by it.  I've heard multiple explanations of it's lyrical intent but, again like &quot;Hey Jude,&quot; (and all great art) the meaning each listener finds in the piece is what counts.<br />&quot;One&quot; is an all-time great piece of music that everyone should own.
0618135871|4.0|Art is protean. Post-modernism didn't discover that &quot;meaning&quot; in &quot;texts&quot; is perfectly subjective. It's a proverbial insight--&quot;one man's meat is another man's...oh, baccala.&quot; But what about when the disposition of the subject--me, in this case--my very attitude toward the text, swings back and forth? I wind up with more than one view, don't I? It's not unusual to enjoy a work of art, an artifice, after all, at different levels or dimensions.<br />Hence a Dickensian prelude: The Dying Animal is the best of books, the worst of books. A fierce book, an insipid book. Visionary, jejune. Universal, hideously particularistic. Thrilling, disgusting. Soaring, gutter-dwelling. The sum of all these dichotomous parts, and more, is that protean art as literature. Roth packs a lot into 156 very tiny pages.<br />Art can be both brilliant and banal. Roth is characteristically, luminously courageous in describing a dark truth lurking in the center of the &quot;demonic male&quot; (pace to Wrangham and Petersen). He borders on banality with the heavy-handed irony of Consuela Castillo's predicament in the final quarter of the story. Moreover, &quot;the dying animal&quot; (pace Yeats, who raises the phrase twice) in an incomplete metaphor for the dirty old man David Kepesh has become. As perceptive as Roth is in having Kepehs identify MEN as in the end but simple denizens of the animal kingdon, the author makes a pointed choice of ducking the biological working out of Kepesh's logic. Roth focuses on animal lust and (the slightly more elevated) longing and IGNORES the procreative evolutionary biological compulsion that makes sense of lust and longing: no lust, no rise, no act, no species. In that light, things like family, responsibility, accommodation, and human empathy--all of which Kepesh pushes away, violently--pose new and compelling dilemmas that don't get treated here. If Roth's antiheroes are going to continue to be primordial alpha males driven by Ur-urges, Roth will have to reflect anew and assume on fresh stance on what makes David (and Nathan and Peter and Alexander and Mickey...and...and...) get up in the morning.<br />Roth would have fun doing it. No writer loads more ideas, unobtrusively, into his work. One of Roth's most cunning devices in The Dying Animal is to have David Kepesh colorfully recount the tale of the Morton-Bradford-Merry Mount controversy, which to Kepesh shows that S-E-X has been woven into the warp and woof of American life since year zero in the New World. In such passages--and also when narrator Kepesh propounds his hedonistic American univeralism--The Dying Animal becomes a short coda to Roth's American Trilogy (like the Prague Orgy is a coda to the Zuckerman books).<br />In all, bravura writing, familiar themes, moral dilemmas, classic  Roth. Our greatest living writer. It's a book that interrogates you under a naked 150 watt lightbulb, probing for discomfiting points of resonance. Read it and decide for yourself whether there's more than a little David Kepesh in you or someone you know.-urges, Roth will have to reflect anew and assume on fresh stance on what makes David (and Nathan and Peter and Alexander and Mickey...and...and...) get up in the morning. <br />Roth would have fun doing it. No writer loads more ideas, unobtrusively, into his work. One of Roth's most cunning devices in The Dying Animal is to have David Kepesh colorfully recount the tale of the Morton-Bradford-Merry Mount controversy, which to Kepesh shows that S-E-X has been woven into the warp and woof of American life since year zero in the New World. In such passages--and also when narrator Kepesh propounds his hedonistic American univeralism--The Dying Animal becomes a short coda to Roth's American Trilogy (like the Prague Orgy is a coda to the Zuckerman books). <br />In all, bravura writing, familiar themes, moral dilemmas, classic  Roth. Our greatest living writer. It's a book that interrogates you under a naked 150 watt lightbulb, probing for discomfiting points of resonance. Read it and decide for yourself whether there's more than a little David Kepesh in you or someone you know.
0553106635|5.0|....<br /> Anyway, I loved this book for a number of reasons.  The first one was, when a certain event happened at a wedding in the middle of the book, I was literally mad for the rest of the day, back in my real life.  It's a little cruel to giveth and taketh away main characters, and in fact, I don't think I've EVER read a fantasy series that does this, except at the end of novels where the character finally triumphs (a la Thomas Covenant).  It really keeps you on your toes.<br />     The second reason is that each character has a rich, personal, flawed life that we can look at and see from his or her point of view.  The nastiest characters like Cercei Lannister or Gregor Clegane never get their own chapters, but characters like Tyrion (who is actually becoming my favorite character) or Daneryes, who are classically unsympathetic characters, get their own point of view told, with a decidedly different skew from what the others think of them.<br />     And though it puts some readers off, it's about ... time some hero-wielding knight can't defeat five men at once, can get out of 100-1 odds situations, and where yes, might DOES make right most of the time.   When this series began, I, like most readers, probably thought it was going to be about the Starks, and about how they would triumph despite tremendous odds.  Well, it hasn't exactly turned out that way so far, though there's still SOME hope.  Killing Eddard Stark off 200 pages into the first book was a real stunner, but the ride was just beginning.  I think about nine characters have gotten the story told from their point of view, and by the end of the third novel, only three characters have their plotlines going generally how they would in a typical fantasy series (Jon,Dany, and Tyrion).  The story just keeps getting more and more complicated, more and more surprising, and (like the Jordan fiasco mentioned above) leaves me hoping that the author will keep putting out books this good for a number of years.
630529142X|5.0|THE WATERBOY is a comedy starring Adam Sandler as a backwoods Cajun man who lives with his overbearing mother and has a day job serving water to the local football team at the local college. When he gets tired of all the football team members making fun of him, he let's his rage out and tackles whoever direspects him. When the football coach find's out about The Waterboy's special 'talent,' he offers The Waterboy a chance to play football...now sit back, get something to eat, get something to drink, and prepare to laugh yourself sick! Any Adam Sandler fan must see this!
B000059R8Y|5.0|I'm 35, and I like some of Clapton's work. But his playing on his recordings has never really excited me. I couldn't see what all the hub-bub was about. I did catch him on a couple live television performances though, and through those I could tell that he was indeed a player.<br />As for this album...WOW! I love the whole thing. The opening track really threw me - in a good way! Very unexpected.<br />Great collection of originals and covers. The backing vocals by The Impressions are fantastic, and Clapton's cover of Don't Let Me Be Lonely Tonight just knocks me out! This CD is worth the price for that tune alone!
B00005A1PR|4.0|To keep it simple, overall one for my collection. It started great then lost the plot big time in the middle, brought it back together for a great ending.
B00000J7JO|3.0|I don't get it. It's a great collection, modern day Chili Peppers at their best... but the sound quality is really poor. It's tinny and high pitched, and has very little bass to speak of. If you don't have a bass-boost walkman or speakers, this one can be very painful to listen to, particularly over headphones. Even the vocals have a tin can rattle to them, particularly on 'Paralell Universe'. If you have audio hardware that can compensate, it should be okay, but otherwise it could grate on the nerves after repeat plays.
B00000K3UU|5.0|BIG DADDY is a comedy starring Adam Sandler as Sonny Koufax, a slacker who has a job working one day a week at a toll booth. When his girlfriend threatens to dump him, Sonny looks for a way to fix this disaster, and that's when a kid named Julian gets dumped on Sonny's doorstep. Sonny plans to adopt Julian so that his girlfriend can see how responsible he is, but then he finds out that his girlfriend is having an affair with an older man, and Sonny is stuck to raise Julian as his son on his own. This a halarious film, one of Adam Sandler's best. If you like Adam Sandler or comedy in general, you need to see this movie.
6305278016|4.0|The first few minutes of the DVD were worth the purchase just to watch Michael Douglas on the Sportster XLCR(or a good lookalike).  The race scene by the docks was a hoot! The rest of the movie was pretty good too, as a bonus.
B00005B36H|5.0|That is all I can say about this great album:AWESOME!!! Will one day be considered a classic!
B0000025CP|5.0|This is album was so influential around the time of its release that that launched the New Wave Of British Heavy Metal.  All members of Judas Priest deliver incredible performances for this awesome album.  Every song is excellent classic metal.  My personal favorite.  You simply cannot call yourself a metal fan if you don't have Judas Priest's &quot;Stained Class.&quot;
B00000IMCW|5.0|DAWN OF THE DEAD is George Romero's sequel to his horror classic NGHT OF THE LIVING DEAD, and it is just as good as the first film. This time, we follow three men and a pregnant woman who lock themselves up inside an abandoned shopping mall to get away from the living dead that have risen from there graves and taken over half the world population. We all know that you can kill one of the living dead by shooting it in the head or chopping the head off, and if a human is bitten by one of the living dead they will eventually turn into the living dead. The survivors in the shopping mall are able to take what they need (food, clothing, personal items, etc.) in order to make it for as long as they can without going outside of the mall. Soon, a gang of bikers and rebels find out that some people are hiding out in the mall and they decide to break in and take what they can't get. Now, the living dead find there way into the mall and a showdown takes place between the survivors, the bikers and rebels, and the living dead. This film has horror, drama, suspense, and some humor thrown in for good measure!
B0000024K1|5.0|This album is a non-stop attack on your ears that you wish would never end. So I highly request that you buy this and put an extra dollar in their pockets. 1. Countdown to Armageddon- is an ok begining but i recomend skiping it- 7<br />2. Bring The Noise- Classic-10<br />3. Don't Believe The Hype- Another Classic- 10<br />4. Cold Lampin' With Flavor- Flavor is not a great rapper but it is still a pretty good song- 7<br />5. Terminator X To The Edge Of Panic- This show X's great DJing skills and is another great Track- 9.5<br />6. Mind Terrorist- This is not a track that you will listen to by its self, but you will listen to it when it comes up- 9<br />7. Loudre Than A Bomb- This just another great track that everone in the world should hear at least once before they die- 10<br />8. Caught, Can We Get A Witness- This shows how Chuck Feels about sampling and how he thinks that music should not be copyrighted and that he should be allowed to use whatever he wants- 9<br />9. Showem What You What You Got- Another track you will like but will not pick up the CD to listen to- 9<br />10. She Watch Channel Zero?!- This is my favorite song because of the mix of the guitar riff and the the great beat- 10<br />11. Night Of The Livng Bashheads- This is a Ok track to me but compared with what else is out there this track is amazing.<br />12. Black Steel In The Hour Of Chaos- This track is amazing just amazing I would just recomend the album if this was the only song on it and it cost $50 bucks!!!!- 10<br />13. Security Of The First World- This a song made for the S1W's when they go on stage to do marching moves to- 7<br />14. Rebel Without A Pause- This song was the first ever PE club hit and it is an amazing song with a great saxaphone scriech that so maney other rappers now use (Dr. Dre, RZA, ECT.)- 10<br />15. Prophets Of Rage- A great song that I think is another Classic on this Album-10<br />16. Party For Your Right To Fight- Just a great song to listen to on head phones because the voices come from the two sides.......I cant explain it just get it and find out- 10<br />Average Rating = 9.2<br />(PS. Anyone who says they are raccist have never really listened to the lyrics and are just plain non hip hop heads...)
0451527712|5.0|Mary S. has brought the frankenstein in a different way that I usually know the green staples guy,... This has brought a personal feeling to frankenstein,... I enjoy the book a lot that I really wanted to see the film when it came out but GOD!,...the film is soooooooo bad,.... I was really dissapointed,... wanna know about frankie,....read this but DO NOT WATCH THE MOVIE ....
B000050XEI|5.0|A Mother's Day gift from my son, I hadn't even heard of Enya.  Unfortunately, a lot of my musical taste lies in the past - but this is now one of my favorite CDs, I can listen to it over and over.  Actually I have listened to it all day.  Her voice is pure, hopeful, mellow, melancholy, mystical and simply magical.  Enya's poetic lyrics are haunting in their beauty, and the music ranges from powerfully upbeat, to somber, to mystical.  I'll wear this one out and gladly buy another.  Actually, I'm on a hunt for all of Enya's CDs.
B00005JHCP|4.0|This mini-series was okay but no-where near as good as Great Expectations (the mini series) or Pride and Predudice.The lead actor who plays David gets annoying after a while. the start is better than the rest. still, it was still pretty good so watch it anyway!
B00004NRUM|2.0|This is the most progressive recording by Marillion since Fish's departure. In spite of the considerable talents of the musicians within the band this recording suffers considerably due to the poor performance of Steve Hogarth the vocalist.  When he restrains himself his vocals are listenable but seem out of place within the context of prog-rock.  When he cuts loose he is in danger of sounding a fair bit like the Jon Bon Jovi's of the world. He over-emotes and leaves the music sounded as dated as an 80's era hair band. Marillion really need to consider a change in the vocalist's chair. Hogarth just doesn't cut it. Return to Fish era Marillion or turn to the  Flower Kings or Transatlantic. Save your money and give this one a pass..Simon
0783222955|5.0|We read TO Kill a Mockingbird in our English class, and I loved it. I would read the book a couple more times to get even more out of it. However, I was pleasantly surprised to find the movie very very good. Gregory Peck is PERFECT as Atticus. As well as Scout and Jem being played by the perfect people. The film is extremely moving, and provides even more want to read the book and get into the whole story. Some of my favorite scenes include the trial, Scout's talks with Atticus, and of course Radley's appearance. The setting of the Novel is perfectly portrayed, and lets us understand the book even better. Even if you didn't like the book, I encourage that you watch the movie becuase it was excellent!!
B000001DQI|5.0|From &quot;All the Girls Love Alice&quot; to &quot;Harmony,&quot; this is one great album. That's all I have to say!
0679746048|3.0|this work jumps around a lot, and might be difficult to chronologically follow. Bottom line, a great description of two years in the loony bin. A classic, female, 18, anywhere USA, story. Everyone who reads this book is bound to feel a little bit of what Kaysen felt during those tumultuous years. finally, someone wrote what everyone in that situation was thinking, but didn't have the courage to say out loud. Brava, Kaysen!!!
0790744759|5.0|This one of my favorite musicals . It's funny , romantic , along with some great songs - like &quot;THE TROLLEY SONG&quot; . You'll be humming that song after you hear it. Margaret O' Brian steals the scenes she's in except whe Judy is singing . The cast is great. I've watched this movie several times and I enjoy it every time I see it. I think next time I watch it I'll have an ice cream cone . You'll understand why after you see the movie.
B00003CXN4|3.0|Traffic was exquisitely done, and the directing job was top-notch. It was not the BEST directing job of the year, but that aside, it was done very well.<br />Believe it or not, the major problem with the movie is the script. Yes, it is undeniably dense and compelling, yet scenes with particular interest were cut short, uninteresting scenes were elongated, and the ending - well, let's just say that the &quot;tagged-on happy ending was MORE than unnecessary.&quot; The script was not nearly as effective as other drug-related films this year like &quot;Jesus' Son&quot; and especially &quot;Requiem for a Dream,&quot; the most effective film in years that despite its graphic intensity and personal depiction of drugs, should be shown in every high school. <br />Therefore, Traffic's directing is what saves it. The editing is also superb. And the ambient music that accompanies every scene accurately augments the emotional mood. That I loved. But the script, although it was hailed on virtually every level, was what ruined it for me. For a shallow, yet visually gripping picture of the drug battle, watch this. But if you are looking for something that will disturb you for days and touch you in a way that is so chilling and empty, you will be forever in debt to its excellence - rent &quot;Requiem for a Dream.&quot;
B00003CXS4|4.0|Snatch isn't the most interesting when it gets started. But, if you give the film a chance and watch it carefully, it gets much more watchable as you get to know the violence or the emotions of the characters. You can see the effort the director and stars have put in, and they deserve praise for their attitude. The story brilliantly splits itself 3 separate ways, telling stories that at the end someone match together. The script works this out nicely, making sure there aren't too many plot holes, although many scenes will confuse some audiences. The acting is good from a great esemble cast, Brad Pitt steals the show as Irish boxer Mickey. However, the camera tricks take the cake, they're as effective as the shots used in The Matrix, and the sound effects and the editing are excellently done. There are a few more flaws, the violence is pretty unrealistic and it would be nice to see Guy Ritchie doing something a little different, but nothing too major. So, enjoy this entertaining ultra-cool crime comedy and make sure you don't shy away from the screen too much or you'll miss some of the coolest moments!
B000003C2U|5.0|Initially I didn't think that this was that good of an album but recently I started listening to it again.  This IS a great album.  Hopefully Chuck gets healthy soon so he can continue his exceptional songwriting.
6304609825|5.0|Sleeping Beauty is one of the most original Disney movies to come out ever, no contest. The way the story strings itself together with such clean cleverness assures that this is some of the most masterful storytelling ever put to animation. It's a tremendous, stunning musical with songs to delight the heart and dreamy forest sets and thrilling medievil battles. The film will have you holding on to your pillow in the suspense scenes and have you heart tickled in the romantic loveliness. Every plot point is used no matter what, and even when some scenes are either annoying or slightly boring, that doesn't stop Sleepy Beauty from being an endlessly watchable, spellbindingly fun film for the entire family or just you and your cat.
B0000028W9|5.0|I must confess, &quot;The Future&quot; is my first Leonard Cohen album that I have bought. Back in '92 I remember first hearing &quot;Closing Time&quot; on a local radio station and falling in love with the song and Leonard's deep, baritone voice. The lyrical writings of Leonard Cohen is truly sublime to listen to. I truly loved what I heard on &quot;The Future&quot;. Leonard is the genius that so many makes him out to be. I can't say that about just anyone either. &quot;The Future&quot; is truly a masterpiece.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Every song is incredibly perfect.Be sure that you will active the repeat choice on your cdplayer. You will love it.
B00005B6N7|5.0|AT THE TIME I WRITE THIS REVIEW, THE MOVIE ONLY HAVE 3 STAR! AND HE DONT DESERVE 3 STAR, HE DESERVE 5!!! THIS MOVIE IS GREAT!!
0425107469|5.0|dean koontz presents a wonderful tale of suspense, horror drama, and even some science fiction in  a wonderful book definitly should go down as a classic it all starts off a guy who is your ordinary joe taking a trip to the mountians on his birthday if i remember correctly. on this trip travis (the ordinary joe) meets a dog who at first appears kinda screwed up but it turns out that the dog is really smart it even understands english and can communticate with travis... but the dog isn't alone... the dog escaped from a labratory along with the dog there is this thing that hates the dog a &quot;perfect soilder&quot; created to kill and it's target is the dog. that's all i can say without spoiling the book
B000002LQR|5.0|This CD is one of the best. It focuses mainly on Flea's funk bass skills and had songs like Give it Away, Suck My Kiss, and Naked in the Rain which all have major flea riffs on them. There's also what i call there crossover song from the unk in this cd to the pop-y stuff they play now. Their new stuff is still good, but this cd is the perfect blend of the old funk and the new rock
B00003CXRP|1.0|I thought &quot;Cast Away&quot; left a whole lot to be desired.  It wasn't the actors' fault at all.  I like Tom Hanks &amp; Helen Hunt very much, but the writing was terrible!  It was a difficult role for Hanks to challenge and all that...but it was just him for 3 hours!  And to top it off, they steal music from Braveheart (listen for it)!  That's just downright wrong.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I love this soundtrack.  Mostly because it perfectly captures the essence of the movie.  I was very surprised at the vocal talents of both Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor.  The only thing I would want to change on this soundtrack would be to add the rest of the great songs from the movie.  There is definitely room here for a second soundtrack.
0783230621|4.0|I ALREADY HAD THIS IN WIDE-SCREEN VIDEO AND LIKED THE STORY ENOUGH TO REPLACE IT WITH DVD.  I GOT THE DTS VERSION, BUT NEED HELP WITH MY VIDEO SOUND INSTALLATION, AS I CANNOT GET THE 6.0 SOUND TO WORK (BOTH DVD PLAYER AND RECEIVER ARE DTS).  THIS MOVIE HAS A GOOD STORY LINE AND MOVES WELL.  LOTS OF DISASTER SITUATIONS, SOME OF WHICH ARE STRETCHED A BIT IN CREDIBILITY, BUT MOST DISASTER FILMS DO THIS ANYWAY.
0783230702|5.0|A GREAT MOVIE THAT NEEDS TO BE WATCHED SEVERAL TIMES TO CATCH ALL OF THE SUBTLE HIDDEN MEANINGS AND ONLY GETS BETTER WITH TIME.  IT IS A SHAME BRUCE WILLIS DID NOT RECEIVE MORE RECOGNITION FOR HIS ABILITY TO REALLY ACT AS HE DID IN THIS FILM.  ALSO FUN TO SEE BRAD PITT NOT BE A PRETTY-BOY FOR A CHANGE - AND A BIG CHANGE IT IS, TO SEE HIM SOMETHING OF A REAL BASKET CASE.  ALL PERFOMANCES ARE AS GOOD AS THEY CAN GET AND THE STORY IS A ZINGER.
B00005BL2A|3.0|Everyone takes a CD like this and immediately compares it to the bans's finest hour.  Well, that really isn't fair is it?  Times have changed as have styles in music.  So, Exciter is not Black Celebration, Music for the Masses, or Violator.  It is also not 1988 anymore.<br />Exciter, by itself, stands as a very melodic string of music that is quite listenable.  Gore and Gahan still prove to be a great duo.  After listening to this CD about 5 times through, I can say that I like it.  Old fans will be dissapointed.  This is not intro to Mode.  Buy one of the aforementioned CD's if you want to know what they were back in the day.  <br />All in all, not too bad even if it lacks pipe-clanging.
B00005JIZA|5.0|I am just mad for this cd.  I first came across John Mayer during MTV's Real World New Orleans.  On the first episode, or maybe second, there's this moment of Danny waiting for his boyfriend Paul.  On the soundtrack is a song called &quot;Back To You&quot; that I went nuts for and searched fruitlessly with no luck.  After weeks I posted a query on a MTV message board, and someone knew it was this guy from Atlanta!  I ordered his 1st cd from an indie label and thought it was great...until this one!  This guy is so talented, it's a very jazzy, pop, acoustic set.  Kinda like Dave Mathews without the hype and loads more charisma.  And his voice is so smooth with just a little raspiness  The fore mentioned &quot;Back To You&quot; is on here, polished and even better.  &quot;Why Georgia&quot;  is a lovely mid-tempo number about the meaning of life.  &quot;My Stupid Mouth&quot; besides being a great title is a jaunty ditty about a bad first date. &quot;Your Body Is a Wonderland&quot; is damn sexy!  Every track is a winner.  It's so rare to find a cd that you love as whole.  This kid is going places, don't be left behind!  Buy this cd you will not regret it.
B00005BL2A|2.0|I do consider myself a hardcore depeche mode fan, but I will not defend something that clearly should not be defended.  Exciter my [butt], this album should be called Borer.  The only tracks on this cd worth listening to are \\"Dream On\\", \\"Shine\\" and \\"Freelove\\", the rest is simply boring and uninspired noise.  Regardless of this fact, I will still be attending the concert in June 2001.  Hopefully they will play mostly their old stuff, b/c i didn't pay money to see a band sing terrible songs.<br />Peace Out!
B00000IBDY|5.0|I can only think of two bands that come close to Tomorrow. The Beatles (with &quot;She Said, She Said&quot; on Revolver in particular). And Pink Floyd's Piper at the Gates of Dawn. But Tomorrow's melodies are just better. And they're better musicians. It's not by chance that Steve Howe would later join Yes. If &quot;Revolution&quot; and &quot;The Incredible Journey of Timothy Chase&quot; are probably best-crafted songs, the other ones are still extremely good, and well performed. How could such a gem draw so little attention??? Well, it certainly has from me: if I was to keep only one album, it would be this one.<br />The 1999 EMI remaster (with 23 songs total) sounds pretty good to me as well, it could have been recorded yesterday as far as I'm concerned - but it wouldn't be as good, would it?<br />Not as &quot;weird&quot; as early Pink Floyd, or &quot;polished&quot; as the Beatles - you could say it's catchier, happier, stronger, louder... psychedelic at its best, simply - what am I saying? MUSIC at its best!
0451167716|3.0|The Godfather has had an indelible effect on present day popular culture. The book and novel have spawned an entire new genre of films and literature. However, after reading the novel, I must say that the movie is far superior (which i have only said once before - Shawshank Redemption.)The book is decent, but it drags considerably in the second half. The first 150 pages are intoxicating, the rest are only passable. Moreover, the movie basically follows the novel word for word, even using the same phrases that the novel uses. I have always argued that movies cannot capture the complex nature of characters in novels. However, Coppolla captured the essence of the characters magnifcently. If you have seen the movie, there really is no reason to read the book, other than some minor stories concerning Johnny Fontaine and Lucy Mancini. In the end, a decent novel, but nowhere near the hype or expectation.
0060392886|5.0|If you are a Crue fan (like me) you will love this book!  I have been a fan for years and thought I knew it all. What a suprise. This band is the all time party band! Never ending drugs, sex, and music, damn what a good time.  Ever since I saw their video &quot;Too young to fall in love&quot;, I knew then that they were great.  This book is the &quot;ideal&quot; rock star tale. Mick is a man of few words, Tommy is the good guy, Vince is the sex king, and Nikki (my favorite and always will be my love)is the troubled, crazy, insane, master planner of domonating the rock world.  A must read.
B00005K3NR|4.0|Carrie is the first adaption from Stephen King's novel, which is done by Brian de Palma. For such a classic as Carrie which has been released in 1976 this movie is still timeless for watching. Carrie (Sissy Spacek) is a telekinetic girl and she moves things with her mind. She's an ugly girl as the movie wants to tell you. Everyone is making fun at her....UNTIL THE BLOOD'S FALLIN'.... &quot;They are all going to laugh at you&quot;.. Carrie, one of the scariest all-time classics with: Sissy Spacek, Piper Lauri, Amy Irving and John Travolta.
0064407667|1.0|I can't imagine what other reviewers found in this book to grant it more than a single star.  They must have severely low expectations for their children's literature.  The only thing going for this book is the running gag from the author about how terrible the books are and how depressed he is at having to write them.  Some might argue that this book is morbidly funny, even slightly camp - and that they enjoy being in on the author's inside joke.  However, I found the characters unrelentingly stupid or cruel, and the story unimaginative.  Even the children, the alleged heroes of the story, are dunderheads.  And the \\"joke\\" of the author's morbidity wears thin all too quickly.      Do yourself a favor and follow the author's advice (humorous as it is) and truly avoid this book.  There are many imaginative, well written books for children that handle dark themes well, and are a joy to read.  This isn't one of them.
6305181772|5.0|I have read so many mixed reviews about this film. Especially where M:I is compared to M:I 2. DON'T COMPARE THE TWO! They are two entirely different movies.So what if Ethan Hunt becomes the 21st century James Bond.I did not find the plot confusing. A lot of people are put off because they claim this M:I has &quot;no action.&quot; But this is a true drama in the sense! I watch this almost every night and see something different everytime.DePalma's irregular camera angles of the actors add to the tense pace. Acting is top notch. Casting is perfect. John Voight plays the &quot;mole&quot;/badguy to perfection. Vanessa Redgrave was a pleasant suprize. And Cruise is as usual at his best! And I don't mind the use of the interchangeable faces in this M:I or M:I 2. I hope Cruise keeps it in M:I 3
6303477259|5.0|I have seen this video show several and several times and the more I watch it, the more I believe this is one of the best video shows ever. Pink Floyd outstanding performance and music selections will certainly make history. One point however stands beyond my comprehension: why there is no DVD version available so far for such a great show like this??? Hard to believe it and hard to accept it!
6304602979|4.0|I really didn't know what to expect when I purchased this DVD. I did so based on the cast. You have Gary Oldman,Samuel Jackson and Dennis Hopper who added very much to the plot but were killed off very early on.All of those guys were more or less cameos. Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette were starcrossed lovers who were perfect for one another. Val Kilmer was in this? Where? When? Even Brad Pitt got in on the act: he was this hippy/surfer dude smoking this honeybear dope pipe. I howled! My favorite bad guys: Christopher Walken, Chris Penn and Tom Sizemore rounded out this typical Tarantino masterpiece! Enjoy it for the fun. Not oscar material, but fun!
B000003BF1|5.0|Gimme Shelter is one of the best rock 'n roll songs ever. It alone is worth the 12 bucks for this album. Plus you get 'Live With Me', 'You Can't Always Get What You Want.' and 'Midnight Rambler.' Very cool album w/ Keith Richards best guitar work to date and good singing. Like every stones album, it has a bluesy, folksy vibe but they only have one throw-away country song, 'Country Honk.' This is one of my all time favorite albums.
B00003CXDG|4.0|I enjoyed this sequel to M:I. Several years have passed. Ethan has changed quite a bit and so has the world. An average plot but a very interesting and sexy love triangle between Ethan, Nyah and Sean Ambrose keep you intrigued. All of this going on while Ethan tries to keep his mind on Chimera and how to stop it.John Woo adds an interesting, and active pace to this sequel. The only complaint I have is the rating on this film. If this were rated &quot;R&quot; I definitely could see myself giving this 5 stars in this version. The cinematography was mind blowing. My favorite scene  was with the motorcycles. The high speed car chase between Nyah and Ethan was great too! Anthony Hopkins was a suprize cameo appearance. As I said in my review of M:I, don't compare this to the first M:I. They are two very different films.
0140157352|5.0|You definitely need to have a read of this before your next performance or salary review or any situation where you need the upper hand-- there are techniques throughout that can help you get what you want.. almost all of the time!
014028009X|5.0|This book is hilarious and includes a lot of hilarity and insights that the movie does not contain.  This is a great book for women to read.  You will be saying &quot;Yes, that is it! This is my life!&quot; even if you are no Bridget Jones.  This is a great book for men to read.  Men will learn a lot about the female mind and will enjoy doing it!
B000002KD9|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; I wept.  Today I am 60.  When I hear &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; I still weep.  If there's an album more powerful than this one I've never heard it.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I haven't seen the film yet, and I don't even like Nicole Kidman all that much, but judging from the soundtrack, it will be great! This soundtrack includes saucy songs, lovey-dovey songs, songs with attitude, opera songs, and songs with lots and lots of talent, especially the David Bowie, Ewan McGregor, and Beck songs.  This soundtrack will be relished by the people who loved &quot;Cabaret&quot; and &quot;Chicago.&quot;  Nicole's voice is alternately breathy and raunchy, but is not the highest quality. Ewan McGregor is surprisingly good, and the opera is an interesting mix with David Bowie, Beck, and Fatboy Slim. People who like a variety of music styles will like this. Opera, 70s pop, alternative rock, musicals, love songs, pop, and rock are all on this album.
B000002KD9|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; I wept.  Today I am 60.  When I hear &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; I still weep.  If there's an album more powerful than this one I've never heard it.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|Very visceral album.  the emotion is potent and continuous.  The music is very creative and the guitarist is especially impressive... but they all are... great drums, bass, vocal delivery, etc.<br />My main problem is the lyrics... I'm sure the singer or whoever wrote them means something by them, or maybe not... but i couldn't really decipher what he was talking about.<br />Some of the lyrics seemed like stream of consciousness rambling, strung together by big words that rhymed together, with a conviction that he IS talking about something.  But what most of the time I don't know.<br />There seems to be a preoccupation with death, or death imagery.. but whatever.<br />Very good album, hopefully these guys won't break up... because there is a lot of potential, once they get the lyrics worked out.<br />Peace IN
B000002KD9|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; I wept.  Today I am 60.  When I hear &quot;Only Love Can Break Your Heart&quot; I still weep.  If there's an album more powerful than this one I've never heard it.
0848801571|3.0|Five years ago, I would have said that this was one of my favorite books.  But I just attempted to re-read it, and really it doesn't hold up.  I found myself bored with the lack of the depth.  I guess I just grew out of this one.
0930289234|3.0|Praise is like a double edge sword. Sure, it makes people aware of a book and broadens its potential audience. However, it can also raise lofty goals and if it fails to reach it, well...it can get messy. When I came back into comics, I heard this name oer and over and over again. So, I was inclined to find out why this was a buzz amongst comic readers. So, before leaving for home, I found it..and read it..and was left rather empty. Sure, it has it moments. The ending is rather nice and certain moments makes this book wondeerful. In the end, it just falters in my opinion. It tries to weave so many storylines together and after a while, I was lost (meaning I had to read it over...and over again) and just lost interest. But, for its innovations it brought, I suggest people give it a read.
B000003Z6I|5.0|Nick Cave IS the [Bomb]!  His first album is a complete masterpiece of near spoken word/musical expressionism.  Certainly not for the faint of heart.  This album combines goth sensibilities with Southern Gothic imagery.  Nick Cave has always done what he wanted to do, and had some misses in career.  But in his start as a solo artist he nailed it.  If you love music as ART, then get this.  But I'm guessing if your even reading this review, you've heard some Nick and you should only expect true sincerity anyway.
B00004XOWM|3.0|the guitaring and music is nothing short of awesome on this album....the big downfall is the &quot;cry me a river&quot; mentality of Fred Durst..if it would have been either Chino Moreno or Daryl Palumbo or someone with a good lyrical style....this album would have been one of the best....but Fred Durst's blunt style ruins this album...but Wes Borland does some phat guitar lines...examples being &quot;It'll Be OK&quot; and &quot;My Way&quot;....<br />Three Dolla Bill was better, but this album isnt half bad....Significant Other was pretty good too...<br />this is there worst..but not bad...they just need some new lyrics.<br />i reccomend GlassJAw and Deftones..
B00004Z400|5.0|An excellent cd.  The songs range in emotion, from heavy to soft.  There is a great contrast between a more sedated sound then, to songs like elite.  Also, for anyone who likes Tool/APC, you'll love Passenger, which uses Maynard James Keenan's vocal talents.                                     personally, i feel that this cd is as good as around the fur and adrenaline.  if you don't have either of those, be sure to get them.  my personal favorite songs are: street carp, elite, change (in the house of flies), and pink maggit back to school (also known as mini maggit)is ok, though pink maggit is better                                                 <br />i'd like to add Chino's comments on elite (it's full of  metaphors, infinity 2)<br /> \\"this is laughing at everybody trying to become what they already are. if you want to be one of the elite, you are. im sort of the a**hole in the song, pretty much talking sh*t about everybody else. you're supposed to feel stupid after listening to it and wonder what it is to be elite.\\" - Chino <br />
B000059TFO|5.0|if I picked one movie from the 80's to be my favorite, it would be this one, it's great.
B00005J73X|5.0|The 80's were a time of big hair, cool songs, and loads of fun. The 90's were a time of depression and deep thought. The new century, thus far, has seemed to be heading a little bit back to the 80's mentality and who better to usher in the new millennium of rock music than Bon Jovi?<br />Arguably the greatest Rock band of all time, personally my 6th favorite band, Bon Jovi released &quot;One Wild Night' a compilation of the band's greatest hits performed live since 1985 in various different locations. One Wild Night, a cool song off their most recent album &quot;Crush,&quot; serves as the title and I have to say that this is going right next to my set of party rock CD's next to ACDC Live, the KISS Alive set, and Poison's Power to the People. It is, without question, one of the better CD's of my collection which is not what I expected it to be.<br />It's a party CD. Plain and simple, it's not necessarily basic pop, it's not necessarily dance music, it's just a feel good, shake your bootie, bang your head good time. Though track 1 is &quot;It's My Life,&quot; which I never really found too musically appealing live as I think the guitar should be used more prominently in the song as it does sound hard rock, not like it ended up sounding. The rest of the album is a giant rock and roll party. They take songs like Keep the Faith, which I never was a big fan of, and turn it into an incredible melody of blazing guitar and energetic chorus. Also, Rockin' in the Free World is something to keep your eyes open for. <br />Topping it all off is the one and only studio song on the album called One Wild Night 2001. Though the original One Wild Night came out in 2000 and was a hard ACDC meets Ricki Martin type dance song, this version drops the Ricki Martin aspect (which I applaud) and brings in more of the older Bon Jovi sound to create a &quot;hair metal&quot; sound that quite honestly makes me wonder how anyone could ever laugh at bands like Poison and Motley Crue, whom I've never turned my back upon and never will. All in all, Bon Jovi has gained my faith once again after a fairly unsavory review that I gave to Crush (though I think it's better than the boy band music out today by leaps and bounds). This is everything you'll ever need if you're a Bon Jovi fan, and all you'll need to become one.
B00000J7SO|5.0|One of the most positive CD's out there.  Bob has the hole band along to create a great sound.  If Your a Dylan fan, it's a Must for your collection.
B00005B36H|5.0|When I first bought this CD the day it came out, I must admit I was disappointed.  On the first couple of listens it sounded to much like Staind or Incubus, or some other terrible tool rip-off.  But later I found that I was listening to it the wrong way.  I was listening to it in my car or while doing something else.  You have to give this album your full attention and it will grow on you. I should have known better because I had the same problem with Aenima at first.  Now that's one of my favorite albums.  I am not into hardcore metal.  I have always liked tool because they remind me of the great progressive rock bands like Yes and Pink Floyd.  The instrumentation on this album is superb throughout as one would expect from a tool album.  Maynard's lyrics are exponentially more mature and sophisticated.  This album is a progressive masterpiece that truly shows their talent.  While some of tool's dumb metal-head fans may dump them after this album, I think that's a good thing.  It leaves more room for fans like me who like tool because they are intelligent and sophisticated and not just because they're loud.  I'm a junior in high school but the only bands I listen to that others my age listen to are Tool and Radiohead.
B00000CQJZ|1.0|Hitchcock's warping of Buchan's classic just can't be excused.
B000002JSN|5.0|I believe this is the best studio work Zeppelin released. This set has it all: rock, blues, folk, and Kashmir! Like Zeppelin III several of the tracks contain studio chatter which adds a unique flavor to the set. The performances by the four-some are stellar - Jones and Bonham are on top of their game here!<br />Many of the songs contain contributions by Jones and Bonham which add to the richness of this work. The only draw back to this set is the art work. On the LP version you could take the record jackets out and change the pictures in the cut out windows. However, I do not miss the popping and cracking of LP's.<br />This set is essential to your cd collection - buy it - even if it's just for Kashmir!
0140544518|5.0|This book is just as fun to read (probably more!) for a parent to read out loud as it is for your child to hear.  It is a gem of a book, VERY funny and clever, I really love it and highly recommend it, my son loves it!
0062502182|1.0|Please, do not give me a &quot;not-useful&quot; vote just because I didn't like the book that your mom loved. I really think that this book has been shamefully publicized and acclaimed - it just isn't worth it. It's written like a book for (not very bright) children - but without the simple beauty that some books for children have - , trying to wring a best-seller out of the formula that makes books sell nowadays - seemingly miraculous revelations about the nature of life, that can make you &quot;suddenly&quot; discover the truth and go for it, thus giving your life a new significance. The truth is, revelations and life wisdom are not so easily achieved. This is basically a story about a boy who &quot;follows a dream&quot; (what dream?) and finds gold. No quest for art, no human relations, no warmth or beauty here - only gold. This has an almost embarrassing quality to me. Coelho's books (like the personal album with his picture and quotes from him - yes, no kidding) are commercial stuff. Nothing wrong with that - but maybe that's not what you're after. Maybe you really want the life teachings, or at least the sort of book that can make you meditate, mature, try to be a better person. My advice, then, is don't go for the commercial- don't buy the best-seller. Go for the real thing. No one is too uneducated or too slow not to be able to understand and profit from a really good book. People have been trying to explain the meaning of life since the beginning of the world. Don't try to find it in a money-making enterprise.
6305311463|1.0|Truly one of the worst films ever made!  Michael Bay has no clue how to direct a motion picture.  He should stick to 3 minute music videos.  Why you would want this film is beyond me.  Even the effects weren't that great.  I think the only movie with more cliches is his upcoming &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot;.
0679720200|4.0|I see why this book gets assigned to high school and college kids. Our relatively fancy sapien brain lets us imagine a perfect world of meaning, purpose, and coherence, but young adult life smacks us up against the real world and our own rational, emotional and social limitations.  So we get these thoughtful under 40 (Camus was 33 when this was published) writers who often explore a similar set possible reactions: suicide, rejection of an 'absurd' world, black pessimism.  <br />Nonetheless, of all of the examples of this sort of book or story I've read, Camus has written the most puzzling, thought-provoking piece.  Read it.  Watch your reactions to Meursault in part one, and then in part two, consider if and why they change.  Consider if his reasons for what he does or does not do are not in fact similar to ones you've had, even if you do not think yourself so disassociated as he.  Consider if his punishment was really so unjust, given his crime and its motivation.  Does it matter that the jury's motives were irrelevant?  Why?  Were they really?  <br />I am not suggesting particular answers, these are the questions that bug me at the moment, having read it.  And I LIKE books that leave me thinking long after, thus he gets 4 stars even from somebody who mostly prefers books that do not end hopelessly.<br />And gee, what would he have written if he had lived longer than 47 years?
6305089957|5.0|This was my first scary movie. My friend told me that Scream was too gory for a first one. Courtney Cox did awesome acting with her part. When she got shot, I cried. I was non-stop screaming and lovin' it!I give this five stars for a sscary plot(not all sequels are scary)and wonderful acting.
B00005BL2A|2.0|I couldn't believe it when I went to the store and found a new Depeche Mode album sitting at the new release stand...I immediately bought it being the DM fan that I am... But the more I listened, the more disappointed I became.  If you are a fan of the last few releases like Ultra, Songs of Faith and Devotion, and the even older Violater; you will be disappointed with this album.  I love ALL of Depeche Mode's stuff, but this just didn't make the cut...    \\"Dream On\\" is good and a couple of other songs on the album take a little time getting used to, but overall I think they could have done much better.  Some of the titles, lyrics, and rhythms vaguely remind me of old songs, and actually made me stop the cd and put in their old stuff just so I could hear the true essence of what I love about them.      2/28/09 Update: I do like this album a lot more now than I did when I first bought it. It took awhile to grown on me.  I still think DM has made better albums though. Playing the Angel was much better.
B00005B36H|2.0|If you were a Tool fan for Opiate, Undertow, or Aenima you would probably be better off borrowing this from a friend.  It lacks the emotional lyrical release we all expect and crave. If you are into weird feedback and guitar effects, go for it! It would make better background music at party than something to really get into.  3 songs are pretty darn good the rest is pure FILLER. I think this will be their last album together.
B0000508U6|4.0|This debut album from Coldplay is quite slow for my usual taste in music as I prefer harder rock then this, however i do have to say that there are some great tunes on this album such as tracks 1,2,3,4 and 7.  If you like slow Rock then this is definately a must buy as Coldplay mixes the Electric guitar with the accoustic to create the ultimate sounds of slow rock. Buy this album... you wont regret it
B00000FCBC|4.0|Metallica apparently felt like tiding their fans over before the release of their next album with Garage, inc. This is an album that contains both early song covers and some new ones thrown in for good measure. The first CD of Garage, Inc. features a combination of heavy metal, hard rock, and softer country-type music. No doubt, a lot of the music here influenced much of Metallica's post-Justice songs. For example, the original Sabbra Cadabra (which Metallica for some reason altered quite a bit) and many other Black Sabbath songs were obvious influences on the more bluesy style of music Metallica has written over the past ten years. While the Mercyful Fate medley shows that Metallica can still pack a heavy metal punch, regardless of how &quot;soft&quot; some of the other songs may sound. <br />The second CD is even better than the first. The songs on Garage Days ReReVisited, especially Metallica's heavy metal rendition of Budgie's Crash Course in Brain Surgery, rock! Am I Evil is alright, though James' singing voice (this song was obviously recorded during the Kill'em All sessions even though it was released on the Creeping Death single) on this particular song kind of annoys me. Look for a little bit of the Ride The Lightning riff in this song. Blitzkrieg, on the other hand, rocks, with some of the catchiest guitaring Metallica has ever pulled off. Breadfan and The Prince are a lot of fun to listen to (&quot;Mommy, Where's fluffy?&quot;). The band's cover of Stone Cold Crazy is actually better than Queen's original song! So What, while hilariously profane, actually has a good theme to it if you take the trouble to figure out what the lyrics mean. Killing Time has a catchy blues tone similar to a lot of Guns 'N' Roses' heavier music. And for those of you who say Metallica could no longer thrash by the mid-nineties, just listen to the four Motorhead covers. Each was recorded during the Load recording sessions and are just about as fast and heavy as anything Metallicaput out back in the eighties. Unfortunately, James made a few mistakes with his vocals. Like how in the third verse of Overkill, he says &quot;Goes Right To Your Spine&quot; rather than &quot;Goes Into Your Guts&quot; the way he was supposed to.<br />I would give this album four and a half stars if I could. But unfortunately, Amazon doesn't allow it. Nonetheless, I recommend this to anybody who's either just getting into Metallica, or wants to hear some really good song covers in the Metallica fashion.
B000002H33|5.0|After listening to this album yet again, I have come to the conclusion that this has got to be the greatest heavy metal album of all time.  This album features the last recordings of the late, great bass guitar GENIUS Cliff Burton.  He is regarded by many to be the greatest bass player of all time, and I totally agree 100%.  This guy was amazing, and the proof is in the 8 songs on this album.  Every song is a metal masterpiece, and I still stand amazed every time I listen to it.  The first song is &quot;Battery&quot;, which features a killer acoustic intro.  The second cut is the title track, &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, which is a blistering array of great guitars played by James and Kirk.  &quot;The Thing That Should Not Be&quot; is the third song, &quot;Sanitarium&quot; is the fourth, each are fantastic songs.  Next is &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot;, which is one of the fastest played songs of all time.  The sixth song, &quot;Leper Messiah&quot; is another one of my personal favs, which features fabulous rhythm guitar playing by James Hetfield.  The seventh song, &quot;Orion&quot; is an instrumental, which is an 8-minute work of art.  The final song on the album is &quot;Damage Inc.&quot; which features an unbelievable guitar solo by Kirk Hammett.  Oh, I forgot to mention that this album is also packed with hurricane-force drumming by drum master Lars Ulrich.  If you don't have this one, I suggest that you lock up the wife, or husband and kids, and treat yourself to a head-banging extravaganza!!
6305013578|1.0|This may be the worst transfer in the albeit short history of DVD, but it might quite possibly qualify as the worst in the entire future of DVD transfer as well. It looks like some company decided to be the first out the gate with Metropolis on DVD and didn't bother to do much more than set a DV camera in front of a TV and taped the screen image of a bad transfer on VHS. I'm not sure which version this is in terms of content (there have been several different edit versions circulating on tape over the past twenty years or so). The reason I don't know is because I couldn't watch more than about ten minutes before I said, \\"Screw this!\\" and ejected the disc. The only reason I gave it one star is because \\"no stars\\" wasn't a choice.
0780622553|5.0|I remember back in the day, when I first saw this movie with one of my friends, we were in a ratty theater with rats and everything.  It was one of the first really bizarre movies I ever saw.  And it was excellent.  It had all the aspects of a great movies.  It made me ponder a while after I saw the movie.  Excellent soundtrack also.  The filming was some of the best I had ever seen.  Years later, when I saw the movie the Matrix, one movie came to mind, Dark City.  Dark City has gives that same odd feeling, but a lot better than the matrix.  It was excellent, I loved it.  It is one of my favorite movies, it is out there, yet it keeps one imagining.
B00003CXP1|2.0|I bought the DVD the day it came out - the unrated version, of course - I hate censors having their way with creativity. What I saw didn't disturb me in the least - I was far more disturbed by \\"Taxi Driver\\" - it had the raw edge and unpredictability of an ultra-volatile character. Another film I'd very highly recommend for fans of Taxi Driver is \\"HENRY: Portrait of a Serial Killer\\". Don't waste your time and money on Part-II, just get Part-I by John McNaughton and Richard Fire, and starring Michael Rooker and Tom Knowles.<br />Getting back to Requiem..., I think it was meek and insipid. The only thing that impressed me about the film was the hip-hop collage of sounds and images; inspired sounds of injections, cells expanding, eyes dilating, and a totally unexpected scene of gang war.<br />Jennifer Connelly shines, and Burnstyn is great; their performances being in total sync with their characters. However, Jared Leto was too clean-shaven and nice-looking to have been a solid drug addict that he was portrayed. The much talked about \\"Requiem\\" scene was not graphic or brutal at all! It was a pathetic scene, one written just to create controversy, and need not have been in the movie at all. It was done very distastefully, and was empty beyond the initial five seconds of shock-value.<br />In fact the movie is not emotionally draining; it's exhausting mentally only because of the suffering of Ellen's character. While I'd recommend the movie to people that like shock tactics, I'd definitely ask the genuine movie lover to stay a hundred miles away from this piece of inspired mediocrity.<br />One more thing; most critics seemed to suggest that this film was about the \\"systematic destruction of hope\\" - far from it! <br />Even though the things that happen to the main characters in the end, may seem to suggest the \\"systematic destruction of hope\\", they don't. After spending $$$... to see the exposure of the way drug abuse affects people (in a brutal, bizarre manner), I realized that this film only preaches taking the high moral ground, and does not bring down anything to earth.<br />I made a mistake buying the DVD; I certainly hope the reader doesn't.
006016848X|3.0|This book has been around for a while and I've finally read it myself.  His insights are practical and his metaphoric language is memorable.  For the most part, his generalizations are accurate, but I also believe that there are more individual traits that can't be generalized solely on gender that make some of what this author has to say inaccurate.
B00005J73X|4.0|As one of those typical Bon Jovi devotees, I was originally writing this not necessarily to promote its goodness or its weakness, but rather just as a thing of habit. But since I brought it up, and since the whole idea behind these reviews is indeed to give a record the ol' one-to-five, I'll have you all notice that &quot;One Wild Night&quot; has garnered four stars from this casual critic. Personally, I'd feel a lot better about the whole thing if I could base judgements on a one-to-ten scale for a more acurate review... like 7/10 instead of 4/5... but that's what words are for, right? <br /> All of the performances from Zurich were broadcast on the MuchMoreMusic Marquee a while back, and I have them recorded on video with an almost equal sound quality. Sad huh? Additionally, as an arena rock band trademarked for its unparalleled love ballads, Bon Jovi's absence of terrific live favourites like 'Always' (Live from Wembley '95 would have STOLEN the show on this disc) and 'Bed of Roses' (the one amazing Switzerland performance that they had to disregard) still leaves me with my head shaking. Regardless of the cons which accompany the album, I bought it because i am a fan, and for the most part i can look past all the little things that bother me and concentrate on the diamonds... namely, 'Saturday Night', 'Something to Believe In', Mr. Young's 'Rockin' in the Free World', and the most famous cowboy song we've ever known, 'Wanted...'.  <br /> Everything else sounds up to par for the Jersey Mafia. Jon's voice carries nicely as usual (the climax to 'Something to Believe In' still makes me go wow, even live) and Richie makes no mistakes. The greatest thing about live records is the window to variation, and the gang, as always, throw constant little spins on to their traditional sound which is what makes the same song different from itself. 'Saturday Night' on this album sounds better than it does on &quot;Crossroad&quot;, and songs like 'Keep The Faith' and 'Bad Medicine' offer their live-norm twists which are more than welcome. <br /> All in all, &quot;One Wild Night&quot; is more than satisfactory, albeit only in certain spectrums. Granted, i have my gripes, and sometimes my biases will make me refuse that anything any of my favourite bands produce is less than stellar, but in all honesty, the record is good simply because the performances are good. No one's forcing anybody to pick the album up on a whim... you can all see what it has to offer as far as content goes (it's just another 'Best Of...' album, only with a slice of lime), and these guys have one magnificent track record when it comes to showmanship.  <br /> So YOU do the math.
B000001FQI|3.0|This was the 3rd album from Tears For Fears, it followed the tremendously successful &quot;Songs From the Big Chair&quot;. I liked the song &quot;Woman In Chains&quot; but this album was quite a departure from the last two by TFF. Although this CD is technically well constructed and shows off the group's musical talent, I was not very moved by it.
B00005BL2A|3.0|I've been a fan since 1981's Speak &amp; Spell, saw them 5 times live, the works.<br />Right, now: It's neither the masterpiece or the catastrophe some reviews are saying it is. It's simply a very average album.<br />First off, no need to come back to the debate of how important Wilder was. It's so obvious, sonically-wise, that it bears no mention anymore. Ultra was very bad (sporting the vilest sleeve in the whole history of the music industry, IMO), but they had excuses at the time for not being very focused...<br />Now, about this new Exciter thing...<br />The best moments (Freelove, Dream on, Shine, WTBS, Goodnight lovers) are heavily counterbalanced by moments of pure, pure embarrassement (who can listen to Breathe and not laugh his/her head off because of the lyrics?). Also, sorry for all of you in favor of humour and all, but The dead of night is one of the worst songs in existence. DM has never really done something that grotesque before. Humorous? Try gratuitously noisy and boring.<br />There's also the occasional above average track, like I feel loved, which is not as cheesy as some have said.<br />Of note: this is the only DM album where none of Martin's performances move me an inch. Comatose is aptly titled, and I'll do my best to forget the existence of Breathe as soon as I can. If ever there was a song that he should be ashamed of, it should be this one. Simply can't believe how awfully written that is.<br />The true hero of the disc, however, is Dave Gahan. Back from the dead with true gold in his voice. His performance on this (songs quality apart) will make date. Clearly, the few gems to be found here owe most of their power to Dave's voice. He has never carried an album like that before.<br />So it's a very mixed bad. The best sometimes makes room for the absolute worse DM has ever dared to put out. It's hardly likely to earn them any new fans, and the old ones will sometimes scratch their heads and wonder...
B000005JAX|4.0|My only problem with this CD is that it is too short. Anyone who is a Depeche Mode fan should buy this CD.
6305308659|3.0|When I first saw this film in the theaters way back in 1998, I was not particularly impressed.  It was a mildly interesting fairy-tale/social allegory but overall nothing about the film struck me as especially fresh or original.  Another film which came out around that time, &quot;The Truman Show&quot;, which shared similar themes with &quot;Pleasantville&quot; (protagonists searching for something &quot;real&quot; in a world of imaginary construct) was in my opinion much more poignant and satisfying.<br />Some time later I was at the video store looking for a DVD to rent and decided to give &quot;Pleasantville&quot; another viewing, especially since the excellent New Line Platinum Series always provides tons of additonal DVD extras such as director commentaries and behind-the-scene featurettes.  I was hoping that I might enjoy the film more the second time around, which turned out not to be the case.  I still found the film to be just so-so.  However, writer/director Gary Ross provides a wonderful, intelligent and insightful commentary track to this film.  Just to hear his thought-process behind many of the ideas and concepts he tried to communicate in the film is well worth the price of the DVD alone.  Yes, I know it seems strange not to like a film but to love its commentary.  All I can say is that Gary Ross is obviously a talented and smart man, and just because I don't happen to enjoy &quot;Pleasantville&quot; as a &quot;movie&quot; doesn't mean that I cannot appreciate and respect the ideas of the filmmaker.<br />Oh, and by the way, don't forget to check out Paul Thomas Anderson's excellent &quot;Across the Universe&quot; music video, also included on the DVD.
0930289455|4.0|Moore makes the Joker so unlikable in his actions, yet so vulnerable and, dare I say it, HUMAN, that you almost forgive his unspeakable attrocities before the climax.  I felt manipulated and confused, delighting in his long speeches about morality and the confines of \\"order\\" and \\"sanity\\"  Batman, doing his usual brooding and stomping around, is secondary in this story acting almost as a force of nature.  At a moment where the Dark Knight reaches out for some connection, some understanding with his arch enemy, the Joker perpetrates acts against his closest allies that prove that the two are always going to be connected; two opposites locked against one another until one or both are destroyed.<br />It is a moving and intelligent story of how we deal with the loss and injustice this world sometimes loads on us.  One of Moore's best.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|An eighteen-track &quot;best-of&quot; collection of songs culled from the Cocteau Twins period on the seminal, British label 4AD, this is an incomplete but excellent introduction to arguably one of the most influential and innovative bands of the 1980's.  The re-mastering of these tracks is especially nice, giving earlier songs such as &quot;Sugar Hiccup&quot; and &quot;Lazy Calm&quot; an even greater emotional resonance.  The title of the collection, &quot;Stars and Topsoil&quot; may put off some people, but in my opinion it perfectly captures the emotions and qualities of these songs.  Cocteau twins were masters at writing groups of songs that not only captured the melancholy and emotional fragility of everyday life - Topsoil - (e.g., Pink Orange Red, Aikea-Guinea, Heaven or Las Vegas, etc.), but also wrote more experimental pieces (e.g., Pale Clouded White, Watchlar) that had an almost other-worldly, spaced-out feel to them - Stars.   This collection is incomplete because it does not include material between 1993-1996, including the masterpieces, &quot;Pur&quot;, &quot;Serpentskirt&quot;, &quot;Seekers Who Are Lovers&quot;, and &quot;Primitive Heart&quot; to only name a few.
0899669433|3.0|Robert W. Chambers is a romance novelist caught up in the Gothic, romantic nonsense that was the Victorian era of long-winded, overly dramatic and moody books that were better used for kindling in the long English winter nights than for reading.   I guess he must have thought his syrupy tales of love weren't selling, so he turn a right turn off the Harlequin Romance Turnpike and headed for Pulpsville.  <br />He could have been another Maugham, but he wasn't as good with characters.  He could have been another Fitzgerald, but his literary tapestry was often quite bleak.   <br />So, with &quot;The Repairer of Reputations&quot; you have what could have been an edgy Wells story about a future world with Suicide Booths (anyone watch Futurama?) and an Imperial United States and a weird book that makes people go mad...blah blah blah...it shows a story in need of a good editor. <br />Its keynote short story, &quot;The Yellow Sign&quot; is reprinted often enough that you don't need to buy this book to read it.   It is the best tale in the book and remains one of the best short stories in the genre.  &quot;Repairer of Reputations&quot; is to &quot;The Yellow Sign&quot; what Meatballs 2 was to the original.  The rest of the stories equate to all subsequent films featuring the Bill Murray-less Camp North Star.  Of course &quot;Meatballs&quot; is no &quot;Stripes&quot; and likewise &quot;The Yellow Sign&quot; is no &quot;Dunwich Horror&quot; but its still a very good story.  Yes, there is the vapid love story between the cynical artist and the young model Tessie and, yeah, there's no explanation why the artist has the most totally evil book in the universe in his closet, and yeah, a lot of what happens just does - without any set-up or rational cause...but when the puffy dead guy looks up at you from the churchyard, its time to clean the shorts, my friends.<br />The main reason this book is a must-have for the collector of 20th century horror fiction is that it is part of the genre's development.  Lovecraft and others claim it as an influence and a particularly large building block in the foundation of modern horror.  So what if three of the stories could have been written by chimps with crayons tied to their toes?  Heck, not all books of the Bible are rip-snorting romps through the afterworld, either.  But most Christians still have an uncracked copy somewhere in the house.  Not to say &quot;KIY&quot; is as important to the genre as the Bible is to its own, but it contains bits and pieces often quoted and expanded upon by Lovecraft and his posse when they constructed their universe of evil monsters, unnammable and indescribable abominations.  <br />Bottom line:  If you study it, you must own it.  If you're looking for a nice, light read, pick up the newest Koontz or King who are the current torch-bearers in the Lovecraftian legacy.
0553213105|5.0|Pride And Prejudice, two of the worst things in our society (since like...forever). Elizabeth Bennet is a strong, fiesty, witty and attractive young woman who, with her five sisters and onlooking snobbish mother, finds her unexpected true love.  At their first meeting, Mr. Darcy, a very wealthy very arrogant young man, shuns Elizabeth unintentially. But later, he begins to admire her and her frankness to him. With all the family difficulties (very humorous) and getting over Elizabeth's prjudice and Darcy's pride, will Elizabeth and Darcy ever stop fighting long enough to realize that their in love?
B00003CWOL|2.0|Kevin Smith's DVDs are not just movies with a few special features, they act as an archive of the hard work and pleasure that went into each of his first threee movies.  The Special Edition disks for \\"Clerks\\", \\"Mallrats\\" and \\"Chasing Amy\\" are what all DVDs SHOULD BE - a record of not only the artistry, but of the personalities that created the art.   In each we understand how the director thinks, feels and works and has been a chronicle of Smith's growth as a writer and director.  However, \\"Dogma\\" looks like it was time to throw the film on a disk for retail sale.<br />The much-anticipated \\"Special Edition\\" is coming soon, and Smith has promised it to be a great companion edition to a sharp, witty and (in some ways) groundbreaking film.  So why couldn't we just wait for this?...<br />I am a great fan of the Askewniverse, and the effort by Smith and Co. to even bring out the Special Edition reinforces my respect for View Askew...
B00003W8NM|5.0|I realize that I have written a review for this DVD in the past, but I need to stress how great this DVD package is. The commentaries on the movie disc are amazing and the best I have ever heard from cast &amp; crew. The warning at the beginning of the movie, you have to be quick to catch it, written by Tyler is a very cool touch. The second disc is full of some of the most spectacular supplemental material ever put together for a DVD, my favorite being Tyler's &amp; Jack's public service announcements -hilarious!!!!. This is truly a must have for those looking to build their DVD collection, and a great choice for those wishing to add to their collection. The movie is utterly amazing - quite possibly the most original and shocking film to hit the screens in a very long time! The DVD package is fantastic, the movie is fantastic, and the soundtrack is one of the best I have ever heard - aside from John William's &quot;Star Wars&quot; work, and Vangelis &quot;Blade Runner.&quot; If you want to get a great DVD - this is the one!!<br />Note: Voted The #1 DVD to own out of 100 DVD's, by Entertainment Weekly - Jan. '01
B00000DCH9|5.0|Yes, Billy is certainly one of the greatest songwriters today. (Not really fair to compare him to Elton) My favourite is Travellin'Prayer, later covered by Dolly Parton and You're always a woman to me.
0399146253|4.0|I have to admit, I have been disappointed in the past two Scarpetta novels and actually held off buying Last Precinct until recently.  However, after reading it (very quickly I might add), I see much of the old Patricia Cornwell resurfacing.  <br />I enjoyed the movement and the plot of the book as well as the twists that never cease to amaze me.<br />I think that in an effort to please the reader, the author &quot;pumped out&quot; a few novels that we didn't find pleasing.  In response to us she has produced this one and I feel that we are seeing the resurrection of a good heroine.<br />So, I'm not giving up - I'm anxiously awaiting the next novel in the series.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This movie is surely one of the year&#8217;s best movies and an instant classic. Never have I seen a movie that tapped into the real, true depiction of suburban life as this movie did.<br />The story revolves around Lester Burnham, a lonely husband and father whose life has slipped away before his eyes. He and his family have not been getting along well, and things are not right. In fact, he is already dead. Yes, the narrator, Lester, is talking to us from beyond the grave. <br />He wakes up every morning, attends his job in advertising, and goes home to his family to have dinner and socialize. This family has slowly fallen apart over the years, and everyone has issues, especially Lester. His wife and daughter both think that he is a loser. His daughter does not want anything to do with him. He is too &#8220;weird&#8221; for her to be around. His wife is a real-estate agent, who is in a high competition with another firm. <br />Like I said before, everyone in this movie has issues. Jane, Lester&#8217;s daughter is your basic, depressed teenager filled to the brims with angst. She feels that she is not attractive, and to not be attractive makes you &#8220;ordinary&#8221;. She has been saving money for ... implants, and is totally determined to change her image. <br />Lester&#8217;s wife, Carolyn, is having problems with her business. She has not sold a home in a long while, and usually goes into deep depression when she does not sell. She also puts out an image of herself. Everything around her has to be perfect. Her whole image is just a front to cover the pain that she is feeling inside. She feels that if the house is not cleaned right or the roses are not trimmed to utter perfection, then she is worthless.  She often listens to self-help cassettes, and starts off everyday with a lip-syncing of &#8220;Don&#8217;t Rain on my Parade&#8221;. She is an emotional wreck from beginning to end.<br />Then, one night at a high school basketball game, Lester catches sight ofa beautiful cheerleader, Angela Hayes, Jane&#8217;s best friend. He becomes awestruck as he watches her in amazement, and from there on, she is all that he can think about, and he would do anything to get her. He starts fantasizing about her. Something in him sparks. He realizes that he would do anything to attract her to him.<br />Meanwhile, the new next-door neighbor, Ricky Fitts, has his own problems. His dad is an ex-military officer and is very demanding and beats him often, telling him that he needs &#8220;structure and discipline&#8221;. His mother is clearly not there. Her mind is always in outer space, and she never seems to notice all of the chaos that is going on around her. Ricky films everything around him with his camera. Everything is beautiful to him. He sees beauty in the most abnormal things: a plastic bag, a dead bird, even a dead man. <br />Ricky also benefits in Lester&#8217;s changing attitude. He influences Lester to stand up for himself and take crap from no one. He also introduces Lester to pot. Lester goes to work the next day and blackmails his boss, then quits his job, and applies to work at the local Mr. Smiley&#8217;s fast food restaurant. He also starts to work out in order to attract young Angela to him.<br />The rest of the movie is a chronicle of what many of today&#8217;s families are going through. Most of it is disturbing, but it is all an effort to get this most important message out.  Everyone in this movie eventually goes through a change, and this movie should change you also, as you realize what the suburban world is really like today.
0451191153|5.0|This is favorite book of all time.  I can read it over and over.  It is always a pleasure to spend time with Howard Roark and the world &quot;as it can be and ought to be&quot;.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I hate it when I see movies where the actors in it are supposed to sing but they cannot - they sound awful! And all the while I'm thinking: &quot;Jeez, guys! You cannot sing! Stick with the acting thing!&quot; But just listen to Ewen McGregor and Nicole Kidman sing...they can actually SING! And they do it very well, too. All of the songs on this MOULIN ROUGE soundtrack by Ewen McGregor and Nicole Kidman are excellent because they have strong, solid vocal talents and Ewen McGregor's voice is so beautiful! And of course, I love the &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; song by Christina Aguilera, Pink, Lil' Kim, and Mya - they all have awesome vocals and they are the perfect combination. The song is very catchy, too...if you haven't noticed by now. The other songs on this soundtrack are OK, but the songs by Ewen McGregor, Nicole Kidman, and &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; are definitely the best and the highlights of the soundtrack. I can't wait to see the film - it looks really good - and the soundtrack is just as amazing. Go see the film and buy the soundtrack. I can gaurentee you'll love both!
0767817486|3.0|I think some of the people here are forgetting that this is just a movie! A movie \\"BASED ON A TRUE STORY\\". That does not mean that this is exactly what happened to Billy Hayes or that this is exactly how the prisons are in Turkey. This is Oliver Stone's writing at it's best. I loved this movie.<br />Brad Davis is phenomenal as Billy Hayes and it's a shame that he couldn't get his own real life together and become the star he should have become. Brad reminded me a lot of James Dean in this film. His acting, his looks, even the way he spoke. It was quite eerie actually. Brad deserved much better than one memorable film and a death, so cruel.<br />This is supposed to be a 20th Anniversary Edition dvd, which would suggest commentaries, deleted scenes and a host of other extras, but there is none of this. ...It's a real drag that this film doesn't get the proper dvd treatment it deserves. The featurette is nothing more than a VERY SHORT documentary on the life of the real Billy Hayes that was made in the late 70's. If you're looking for new information, you've come to the wrong place. The only thing that's great about this dvd is the transfer. It looks great for the most part, crisp and clean with very few artifacts and very little edge enhancement, though some of the scenes were very dark, which is probably the way they were originally shot. I'm not sure if it's just my dvd or if everyone else's dvd has a problem, but when Billy is meeting his Turkish lawyer for the first time and they are shaking hands they're is a slight \\"roll\\" in the dvd. Kind of like if you were watching this movie in the theater and the projector got hung up for a frame or two. It's not that bad but I thought I would mention it.<br />This is a great film and I highly recommend it to anyone who has never seen it. This movie holds up very well for being over 20 years old and it's still relevant today. I just wish it would have gotten much better treatment in this 20th Anniversary Edition. *sigh*
0375501851|5.0|Some have noted that Smith's novel introduces a vibrant character only to disappoint the reader by switching suddenly to another character for a chapter or so. They would apparently desire a novel focusing solely on the Chalfens, Archie, or the Iqbals. What is lost in character focus, however, is more than made up for by the novel's fascinating chain of events. Ironically, this achieves its purpose --- to demonstrate what happens when the worlds of these vibrant and Antipodean characters collide.
6304252609|1.0|I do hope there will be another version of this film which shows what really happened.  Disney said the film was &quot;responsible, accurate and respectful&quot;; I don't see how sugar-coating this dreadful period of American history with blatant lies is any of those.<br />Pocahontas was actually called Matoaka, she was around 11 when the attack happened and kidnapped by the British and married off to John Rolfe who was twice her age. In 1614 she was shipped to England where she was paraded around the upper-classes, until she died alone of smallpox in March 1617.  Rolfe then returned to America to 'disperse' the Powhatan and steal their land.<br />No one expects all movies to be 100% accurate, but when it is a historical movie supposedly showing true events I don't think it's unreasonable to expect them not to completely disregard known facts and provable dates just because they think it'll make a better movie. If the details do need changing to make the movie better then they shouldn't make a movie about it at all.
630018157X|1.0|this would have been a really good movie if they hadn't hacked out half of it. I've only seen the real one once and it was great. in this they hacked out Toshiro Mifune and a bunch of other characters. The cutting is worse than when they [messed] with the battle of the bulge or when they lopped out the corral sea battle in midway. if they left in this footage it would make much more sense. I bet Ted Turner's crew was reponsible for these cuts.
B000031XCR|5.0|Well, what can I say? Except that this is the best greatest hits collection I have. <br />Best hit: To Love You More Best new song: Then You Look At Me<br />There are many more treasures, like &quot;Beauty &amp; The Beast&quot;, &quot;If Walls Could Talk&quot;, &quot;It's all Coming Back To Me Now&quot;, and &quot;Live&quot;. There are more but they are all good. Here's hoping that she comes back better than ever!<br />A parting note: What is with all the 1-star reviews by Mariah fans just to bring the rating down? That's like me going to the RAINBOW page and putting 30 1-star reviews. It doesn't need any more than it has. C'mon people. Grow up.
B000006NUW|3.0|Wonderful collection of music except for one thing. These are remastered originals and most are not in true stereo. Just listen with headphones
B00005AFVR|5.0|Honestly, how clueless can you be? This set is the closest thing you can get to an actual Bruce show in passion, performance, and THEME.<br />Sure, a 16 minute version of 10th Avenue Freeze-out may seem long. But it was played that way in all 130+ shows of the tour. Why? because the &quot;sermon&quot; is central to the THEME of the show. Sure some people don't particularly like hearing the band sing during Out in the Street and If I Should Fall Behind... but it was done that way every night of the tour, because it was the THEME of the show. Bruce builds live shows very much like a story from beginning to end, with each element having importance. In this case, all of those things that some of the self-avowed &quot;Bruce fans&quot; have complained about are central; the theme of faith, friendship, and brotherhood is what made the tour special, and what I took away from the 6 shows I saw. In including those things, the set captures the essence of the show.<br />Some people have talked about song selection... this set is a pretty good collection as far as reflecting the tour... Two Hearts, Youngstown, Murder Inc., Badlands, Tenth Avenue Freeze-out, Land of Hope And Dreams, If I Should Fall Behind, and Born to Run were played every night. The remainder of the tracks are a good cross-section of material that rotated through the set, with a couple of rarities (e.g. the first Lost in the Flood since 1978) thrown in to round out the set.<br />Some of these comments on song selection are just so bad... one says that Badlands was omitted (actually, it's on disc one), and someone talking about the omitted acoustic Born to Run (uh, that hasn't been played since the late 80s (?)). Honestly, the only song I would quibble with is Mansion on the Hill... I just liked some of the other songs that held its spot more than it. Alot of the &quot;hits&quot; aren't on there because they don't get played anymore. Face it, he doesn't play Rosalita, Dancing in the Dark, or Glory Days. This isn't a nostalgia ride; it's the E Street Band sounding as fresh and relevant as they ever have.
B00000ILE6|5.0|This movie is the one! There is one film that best represents this sci-fi dimension...Aliens.   the Hard Core space marines, best of mankinds warriors,get destroyed by the awesome alien race. I first saw this movie when I was just a kid, it demonstrated how corporate greed has no regard for human individuals who can carry out their efforts to increase their pursuit for greed and power. Not to limit this movie to corporate greed, it is much more...and the scene with Bishop playing with the knife, just one fine scene in this amazing sci-fi film. I recommend any one who respects good sci-fi to see this movie.
B000002ADT|5.0|I don't normally write reviews for anything, and to be honest I didn't believe the hype about this record until I bought it.  If you are a jazz expert, you will already have it.  If you are just getting into jazz, buy it.  If you don't like jazz, buy this and you will.  It is the best record I own, you can play it in the background during dinner, you can listen to it when you're working, or best of all just put it on, turn off the lights and listen to it in full.  Believe what everyone writes about it - it's the kind of music you hope to get every time you buy a jazz record, and you can get lost just listening to it: it seems to fit every mood and moment.  I fully recommend that ANYONE who has got as far as reading this will enjoy it.  (P.S. I am not a nutter, nor do I work for a record company.  This is probably the most poetic I have ever been!)
B0000509BZ|5.0|Lets face it, ---- all other Highlander spin offs, including the sequals, were nothing compared to the origional.  Ramirez, the Curgan, Conner MacCleod, all the right elements were in place, even Queen doing the sound track---it is the best and the only movie from this entire generation of films that rates in my collection.    Thats all I have to say is &quot;THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE.&quot;
B000002HEP|5.0|Boy oh boy did I make a good decision, I passed up the chance to buy Pantera's new one for Sky Valley by Kyuss.  I'd never actually heard Kyuss's music, but I'd heard a great deal about them.  So I gave it a try, and damn this one is right there with TooL(my fav band).  Kyuss has a unique sound and they're music is like nothing you'll ever hear.  From Gardenia to Whitewater this is a great musical journey.  The music really touches your soul.  Though it would be hard to pick a favorite song I'd have to say Space Cadet is the standout track of the entire album.  It really takes you away, whenever I listen to it (or the album in general) it's like I'm in another world.It's said the best music is the music you can fall asleep to well here it is.  I strongly recomend you listen to this album while reading Tolkien for that mystical journey feel and the not knowing what to expect sort of feeling, because this album is full of suprises.  Once you've heard Gardenia(opening song) you'll be in awe.  Kyuss had the talent and the balls to do something different and thought they never made it big, they will forever be remembered by those who have heard they're music.  Once you've heard the music you'll be hooked and everything else (aside from TooL, soungarden and a few other metal bands)namely rapcore or numetal whatever you want to label that ..., will seem like well...  Take my advice buy this album, you'll be doing yourself a favor.
B00005B36H|5.0|awesome CD. I heard one of their concerts sold out in less than 60 seconds. The Easy listening at the first of the songs will make you slowly fall asleep.....and in the middle of the song.....BANG. The loud guitars will scare you.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|This album comes like a breath of fresh air to my tired ears. These guys sound like nothing else (that i have heard anyway) and make a nice change from the suffocating wave of nu-metal that keeps on coming. Would give this 5 star but it takes a few listens to get into it. All in all an excellent album full of energetic and heartfelt vocals (though non-sensical lyrics)and brilliant guitar work.
B000008GAC|5.0|Epic and essential.  Guns and Roses' first major label release, \\"Appetite for Destruction\\" was released in 1987, and quickly became one of the best selling albums ever-something like 25 million copies sold worldwide.  This album is very hard rock, and for it to have become such a commercial success, you have to trust that the album sales are an accurate reflection of its quality.  Axl's characteristic screeching voice, and very deft lyric writing, coupled with one of the greatest guitarists, Slash, of the late 21st century, make this an extremely well-composed and energetic album.  \\"Welcome to the Jungle,\\" \\"Sweet Child of Mine,\\" and \\"Paradise City\\" absolutely tore up the charts when they were released as singles; standing alone, they would make this one of the top 20 rock albums ever, but they merely scratch the surface of tremendous musical creativity and power.  \\"Rocket Queen\\" is one of the very best songs the band ever wrote.  It has a very solid, bass heavy introduction, with lyrics wreaking of a ... depravity, before segueing into the second part of the song, perhaps one of the finest ballads the band has written.  Other standouts include \\"Mr. Brownstone,\\" with Axl assuming a detached vocal inflection only to be eaten up by his heroin addiction by the song's end; \\"My Michelle\\" is a heart-racing, fast paced journey through the life of a young girl (apparently a \\"true\\" story), and \\"Think About You,\\" a well-crafted ballad that was perhaps a little too fast for a radio release.  This album is worth every penny.  In a way, it is also a piece of history-a  definitive album for the time when hair bands ruled the earth.  One cannot understate its importance&#8230;if any band has the capability to bring rock and roll back to the forefront of modern music, it is Guns and Roses.
B000059XYL|4.0|For those of you who watched the previews and think Coyote Ugly is a substitute for a soft-core porn movie, you'd be wrong. It's basically a &quot;chick-flick&quot; film where the heroine overcomes adversity (in Violet's case, shyness) to reach eventual success as a songwriter. The beautiful bartenders are thrown in there only to entice some of the male audience to come watch the film (they really are nice to look at). There's no skin shown, though there is quite a lot of &quot;exotic dancing&quot; in the movie.  It's a rather cliche theme and you know how the movie will end half-way through watching it, but amazingly, you'll still find yourself enjoying the ending. Violet's adorably innocent face makes you care how she ends up, and the love scenes are touchingly sappy. Find yourself smiling after watching it.
B00000K2SD|1.0|With the plot device of 'virtual reality made real' (don't ask) the sky was potentially  the limit for the writers.  But after the first hour or so of interesting but too numerous and convoluted twists, the film devolved into a very prolonged shoot-em-up/kung-fu show down.  What a waste.  It took me half a dozen sittings over several weeks just to get through it because it became so mind numbingly boring and predictable.  If slick special effects and gunplay are all you need in a movie then go for it.  Personally I'd rather watch my lawn grow.
0060392886|5.0|I am a Motley Crue fan.  However, even if you are not, I promise you, you will not be able to put this book down.  Those of you who own ANY of Motley's albums, heard any of their music, or read about any of their exploits in the news will love this book (isn't that pretty much everyone?).  The book is a very honest look at the band, their history, their music, their exploits,(of course their women),and each other written by themselves in their own words.  I can't tell you what an enjoyable reading experience this is.  I guarantee you will walk away with something from this book.  While Tommy and Vince are always in the media spotlight,  I walked away with a profound respect for Nikki and Mick.  I am not kidding when I say you will laugh, be disgusted, and cry when you read this book.  Some of the material is very personal and you can tell the band put some serious thought behind this.  Rest assured, this is not your typical autobiography. Thank you guys for a great book!  I know it wasn't easy to write about some of this stuff!!
6305508550|5.0|There are two types of people who will fail to understand the brilliance of this movie: 1.  The clueless 2.  Those who are not experienced with American pop culture and all of its inane qualities.<br />That said, you don't have to have experience working in an office to enjoy this movie.  For me, it has a universal message in that most of what we do is not at all pleasant.  To survive, you have to find stuff that amuses you (such as this movie).  A must own DVD.
0790751089|2.0|This could have been quite a good movie but the selection of actors was inappropriate. Streep was from the first scene too worldly to be believable.<br />The story had potential, but Eastwood was probably too close to the film to do it justice. He too was unconvincing. The brother and sister get the alocades here, for their excellent supporting roles.<br />The sound track was relentlessly boring and stereotyped. During the dance scenes I considered switching it off, but I am glad I did see the ending. I'll read the book.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|It seems that the Rage albums progressively gets worse. The first album is by far the best one from RATM and is one of my favorite albums of all time. The second album (Evil Empire) is good but not as excellent as the first. After listening to Battle of Los Angeles, this is not better than their 2nd album. Its just too mediocre to be a RATM album. There are a few good songs such as Born of a Broken Man and Testify. This CD is still better than other stuff out there such as Limp Bizkit, Korn, Papa Roach, etc. so you should buy it and definitely give it a listen.
0385335482|1.0|I bought this book because of the catchy, colorful cover and the idea that it would be a fun escape from my own little money troubles. However, I found the story utterly silly, the main character unbelievable and the writing uninteresting. The author goes over the top in nearly every situation she puts the character in, which makes the novel so unbelievable that it becomes distracting and absurd. ....
B000059HGY|5.0|I haven't seen the recently-remastered edition of this fine film; but one of the most appealing aspects of the original, which I taped off-air, was the fact that the Japanese spoke Japanese (English subtitles) .... I assume it is true for the new edition, although none of the 6 or 7 reviews I read at the website noted this.
0792157850|1.0|A trifecta of shame.<br />The Racism:  Stands out like the flaming, eviscerated heart in Mola Ram's hand. Indians in this movie are portrayed as either comical, corrupt, or weak, broken slaves.  White people save the day, surprise, surprise.  Steven Spielberg is also apparently a big fan of colonialism; hence, the British military saves the day for Indy.<br />The Sexism:  Willie is no Marion Ravenwood to say the least.  She inexplicably allows Indy to bully her around and essentially kidnap her at the start of the film.  After nearly being killed in a plane crash and dragged through the Indian jungle, Dr. Jones' selfish and chauvinistic demeanour apparently wins her over.   Typical 1980's doormat female-lead who is controlled and manipulated by the male hero throughout the movie.<br />The Defamation of Hinduism, particulary Kali:  Not surprisingly the belittling view of the Indians as a people extends to their religion as well.  FYI, this film was banned in Indian.  While I cannot support such ex post facto censorship, I am nonetheless outraged by the portrayal of Mother Kali.  Kali is not a satanic demon lusting for blood.  No true devotee would ever kill another living thing in Kali's name.  She is the ego-slayer and represents the destruction of exactly the sort of selfish, myopic mindset which permits films this offensive to even be made.  If Steven Spielberg or Harrison Ford were the thoughtful men they are portrayed as in the media, then they would never have associated themselves with this grotesque portrayal of the Hindu spiritual life.  If some one were to portray Judaism in the same light, they would be tarred as an anti-Semite faster than Mola Ram could tear their heart out.  So I guess this film serves best as a lesson in Hollywood hypocrisy.<br />To the Indiana Jones fan-boys who will undoubtedly think I'm just an angry feminist: ask yourself if you would like your country and your spiritual beliefs portrayed in such a malicious and unfounded manner.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|On this CD you will (again) hear how fantastic Morten Harket's voice is. The song &quot;Little Black Heart&quot; is marvellous. Yesterday (26.05.2001) A-ha performed the song &quot;Summer Moved On&quot; on a concert for a good purpose on Norway's biggest TV-channel TV 2. This song is also excellent and A-HA showed how superb live band they are once again. I think Harket has the best voice in the whole music business. Minor Earth Major Sky has several excellent tunes and some poor ones. All in all it is very good. But I find Harket's solo album (which can be bought from Amazon) &quot;Wild Seed&quot; even better. &quot;Wild Seed&quot; consists of 12 songs of which 11 are absolutely excellent.
B000056K04|5.0|Everything good has already been said about dave matthews in all the other reviews for this album so i don't have to say much other than this is another amazing CD from Dave Matthews.  I did miss his acoustic guitar a little but he knows how to use an electric nevertheless.  This is just an amazing CD and this was not a let down at all, and for those who say that the music is not as complex as the older material and the drumming or the riffs aren't as inventive your wrong still.  The drumming may have been tone down a little but it is still excellent drumming and the guitar riffs on Everyday are still amazing and more complex to play then most stuff on the radio today.
B00001NFCY|5.0|&quot;Human Clay&quot; is my first Creed album, and I feel it won't be my last. Lead singer Scott Stapp cuts to the bone with his ragged and powerful, yet still eerily beautiful voice. Background guitar riffs are executed with great skill and monster sound; it is at once both grungy, heavy, moody and moving. Some of the riffs take me back to the sound which Metallica used to have...no bad thing indeed! Although the album is not revolutionary, it is by all means a welcome return to a sound which has been too absent in recent years. I like pop music, but sometimes it becomes too much and then Creed is a perfect relief.<br />The songs exude intense emotion, ranging from melancholy through rage to sheer joy. As a listener, you can't help feeling it, which is a wonderful achievement, and it makes Creed rise head and shoulders above the rest. I have heard a little about Creed being a Christian band and all that, but everyone has a right to believe in what he or she wishes. Renouncing Christianity is in vogue these days for some reason, but I see no reason why a band should be chastised for believing in God. Personally I'm not religious, but I know great music when I hear it, and on &quot;Human Clay&quot; I have heard just that. Furthermore, the lyrics actually seem more about life than religion, so the whole thing is just blown out of proportion.<br />In short, this album is a very athmospheric piece of art, and if you like bands such as Bush, Korn, Three Doors Down, Tool, Soundgarden and the like, you really cannot go wrong with &quot;Human Clay&quot;. I recommend it highly!
B000002IQW|4.0|Skid Rows first album with 18 and life was the best album I have ever bought Slave to the Grind was a great album but not quite as good.
B000002J0P|5.0|What a tremendous debut for CSN. One of the few super groups that lived up to it's billing. Every track on this is strong. All three shine in an album that is almost unsurpassed vocally. This makes you think back to when Stephen Stills could still sing. On this debut, his voice is strong and funky and yet sweet at times. David Crosby contributes the stunningly beautiful Guinnevere with its' middle ages balladeer feel to it. It very well could be the best effort of his career. Graham Nash is superb with his high, sweet voice floating over the top of some of the best three way harmonies you will ever hear. This is an album that never sounds dated, even after repeated listenings. The production is also first rate. The sound seems to flow in a dreamlike pattern. This is an absolutely stunning piece of work.
B00000K3G8|5.0|With all the hustle and bustle in today's world, I find myself sitting alone in my room after a long day lsitening to &quot;heaven&quot; because if you ask me, i do believe that it really is a place where nothing ever happens.
B000002KD9|5.0|With the possible exception of Harvest, this is probably Neil Young's finest album. Neil's vocals are strong and sweet, perhaps his best vocal work ever. The song writing is very strong with Southern Man as the centerpiece of this album. Only Love Can Break Your Heart is the prettiest thing Neil has ever written. His vocals on it are as high and penetrating as I have ever heard him. I can't say enough good things about this effort. It is a wonderous piece of music from start to finish.
630577241X|5.0|&#34;Modern Times&#34; (1936) endures as Charlie Chaplin's best feature-length film. A serio-comic look at the machine age and the Great Depression, it recaptures the effortless spirit of Chaplin's Mutual shorts while toning down the pathos of his previous efforts. In fact, the film's episodic structure is a delightful throwback to his early two-reelers. The inspired chemistry between Chaplin's Little Tramp and Paulette Goddard's Gamine forms the heart and soul of this cinema classic  beautifully evoked in the memorable closing shot. Chaplin's ingenious utilization of music and sound effects is topped by the Tramp's famous &#34;gibberish&#34; song. No matter how many times you have seen it, &#34;Modern Times&#34; remains an unforgettable film experience.
B00005214X|5.0|This was quite an undertaking for George as he attempted to get out from under the shadow of Lennon and McCartney. With a little help from his friends he succeeded admirably. Among Beatle solo albums this is only exceeded by Lennon's Plastic Ono Band and McCartney's Band on the Run. The guest stars include Ringo, Eric Clapton and Badfinger among many others. The sound is huge because of Phil Spector's help with production duties. The album is large in scope too. Originally three records, it now has five extra tracks. The song writing is very strong. The only dark cloud hanging over it is the plagiarism suit years later over the melody of My Sweet Lord. Baby George had finally come of age with a nearly flawless album.
0486407217|3.0|The buyer should know that a large majority of the patterns have blouses in the leg of mutton style.  Since this was not what I was looking for I had to send it back.  However the patterns did seem to be historically accurate.
B000055QHO|5.0|As an ardent fan of Enya, I can truly and honestly say, (with having heard everything she has ever done) that &quot;Isobella&quot; is her finest work of art.<br />Both haunting and beautiful, &quot;Isobella&quot; combines gorgeous lyrics (along with a beautiful translation) and a sensational score. Why this is not released on all versions of the CD is beyond me, it fits perfectly along with &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; and &quot;Pilgrim,&quot; I guess Enya prefers Japan get the special treatment. :( No matter the reason... She must have good intentions for doing this. But Actually out of all &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; albums, the US version is by far the worst. Missing &quot;The First of Autumn,&quot; a fantastic instrumental and of course it's missing &quot;Isobella.&quot;<br />There are many non-album tracks, &quot;Isobella&quot; has been considered one of them. Along with &quot;Eclipse&quot; , &quot;The Promise&quot; , &quot;Willows on the Water&quot; , &quot;Song of the Sandman&quot; , &quot;As Baile&quot; , and more... Enya should stop and create an album full of her non-album b-side tracks. There is over ten of them! It would be a bestseller, I can already smell it. But who knows what the future will bring us? &quot;Isobella&quot; could well be the theme of her next album... We can only hope.<br />Buy this CD, the Japanese Import version of &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;... I would honestly pay hundreds of dollars just for &quot;Isobella&quot;... The song it's self is priceless.
B00005JIZA|5.0|Having followed John Mayer since he first played clubs in Atlanta, I was worried that his first major-label album would be over-produced and too &quot;commercial.&quot;  Having heard the CD, the worst thing I can say about it is that it's going to force me to share John with the rest of America.  You heard it here first. <br />I'm not sure how to describe John's music, except to say that if you put James Taylor, Sting, Dave Matthews and Barenaked Ladies in a blender and set it to puree, you'd have John (and a terrible, bloody mess). <br />Most albums have a few good or even great songs, and the rest of the time is padded with filler.  &quot;Room for Squares,&quot; though, doesn't have a dud anywhere.  While there are songs I like more than others (I think &quot;No Such Thing&quot; and &quot;83&quot; are far superior to &quot;Why Georgia&quot;), they're all good.<br />Do yourself a favor and try this CD.  I know it sounds like I'm a phony, writing this for the record company, but all I am is one of many devoted fans torn between keeping John all for ourselves and sharing him with everyone else.  I admit defeat.  He belongs to all of us now.
B000002UB6|4.0|I'm not going to do a song by song review. The songs are all well known by now. I might have called this LP &quot;Resurrection&quot; had it been my job to title this final Beatles LP. More than any other Beatles LP this one connected with me. It was the brilliant and darkly beautiful soundtrack to that &quot;Adagio For Strings&quot; of four Beatles joined at the hip of genius blistering into the scarlet horizon of oblivion. Their story was too sad. This LP makes you cling to what is no longer able to be. I remember so well this unbelievable finale. The LP hissed and crackled with the noise of pain and disbelief. The production was full and intoxicating. It was as if you were watching the last gasp of air gurgling in the lungs of life. This was the Beatles most tender moment. John was never more riveting than when he sang &quot;Across The Universe&quot;. It was a prelude to his &quot;Plastic Ono Band&quot; release. McCartney was splitting in two with his greatest love song &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; (Spector saved McCartney from himself by producing this orchestral masterpiece). Harrison was nearing his climatic masterpiece &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot;. It was not their last work but it was the climax to their career as the Beatles. 1969, 1970 and 1971 were a transition for them collectively and individually. The music scene was hummmmmming. It was an explosive time where the insignificant worlds of four men were colliding and sending shock waves every which way. &quot;Let It Be&quot; was a soundtrack to a much larger story than even the Beatles anticipated.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Taking a gamble on a mates recommendation was how i was put on to Radiohead's &quot;OK COMPUTER&quot;. This is mind altering stuff! You have the brillance of tone changing &quot;PARANOID ANDROID&quot;, to superb voice control of &quot;LET DOWN&quot;. I feel this album has the works. Great bass lines and soothing rythems leave this album at the top of my cd pile. Beaware that songs such as &quot;EXIT MUSIC&quot;, &quot;KARMA POLICE&quot;, and &quot;LUCKY&quot; may leave you with a spine chilling feel as Thom Yorke shows how talented he really is. Nice touch at track 7 with &quot;FITTER HAPPIER&quot; leaves your mind wondering WHY? Great booklet to top an all time best album (in my view). Take the time to really listen to this album without being busy or rushed.
B000002LFZ|5.0|For me, Fleetwood Mac had the same impact on the seventies that the Mamas and Papas had on the sixties. They had an urgency and lasting affect as they rocked across the air waves. There was a mystery about them, the personal entanglements, pretty people, great lyrics and vocals, the great LP covers. Their LP's had a synergy about them. Each brought something that made the whole larger than the individual parts. Each member was identifiable yet blended into this magical abstract called Fleetwood Mac. This CD is the best of that synergy in this &quot;best of&quot; collection of combined talents and LP's.
B000000OSO|5.0|this album is the best album aerosmith ever recorded. my favorite song is GOTTA LOVE IT. i highly reccomend this album.
0446677450|4.0|The concepts could be life changing for many, but I felt like I was reading the marketing materials for the rest of the author's products.
B00005B36H|5.0|At last an album release that isnt pop music.  This is Tool's third album release and my favourite.  My favourite tracks on the album are Eon BLue, The Patient, Parabol and Lateralis.  Its great to see a band that are so loved have a Billboard number 1 album as well, as it shows that they are appreciated by their huge fanbase
6304057709|5.0|I absolutely loved this movie. It is one of the few movies I've seen which I've liked as much/more as the book. It's an excellent adaption, which doesn't cut too much out.      Emma Thompson does a fabulous job as Elinor Dashwood, the &quot;sense&quot; part of the duo. She may be older then the real character, but she plays the part so well, you don't really notice it. She's kind of the voice in the movie, being the strong one for everyone to lean on.     Alan Rickman is great as Colonel Brandon. It's really great to see an actor who can play both evil and tender, sentimental characters.     However, great as I think all these actors are, none of them can compare with Kate Winslet's portrayal of Marianne Dashwood, the &quot;sensibility&quot; part. I can't read the book without thinking of her as Marianne. Kate Winslet does a truly wonderful job of playing the sentimental, artistic, romantic Marianne. She's high-spirited, and holds high ideals on love. When she finally does get married (I won't tell you to who), you can see she's matured a lot since the beginning of the film.     This is a great movie, and I suggest that everyone see it!
B00005B6C9|5.0|This album pleasurably evokes every phase of previous Bee Gee music, yet is fresh and contemporary at the same time. The Bee Gees provide support for the idea that creativity does not age but ripens.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Unlike most new Disney movies, this one has it all! A good moral, star-studded cast, supreme animation...should I go on? I highly reccomend this movie from the bottom of my heart!
B0000009W9|5.0|With this album, Elvis Costello shrugged off the mantle of &quot;angry young man&quot; and became a mature song writer.  Every song is tuneful and interesting.  The lyrics are by turns clever (&quot;Pidging English and &quot;...And In Every Home&quot;) and as sad as any country song (&quot;The Long Honeymoon&quot;).  From what I can tell, this album is out of print. I am so glad I have the Rykodisk version...I'd hate to have missed on this...yes, I'll say it...this masterpiece.  The best EC album in a career of great stuff, perhaps his last great work.  Best line: &quot;She only thirty-five going on seventeen&quot;.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This is the one of the most unique and harrowing films that I have seen in some time. Definately not for everyone, but I was riveted and the last 10 minutes is a roller coaster ride you won't soon forget. It covers the various drug addictions of 4 people (I won't go into too much plot detail because it is covered here in other reviews) and is filmed with a creative vision rarely seen in films today. Employing various digital techniques and outstanding sound, the film works as an assault on our senses with the story unraveling before us in a staccato rhythm of quick cut scenes. Ellen Burstyn, as a widow addicted to diet pills, gives the performance of a lifetime and this truly shows that the Oscars are just a popularity poll. How she could have lost to Julia Roberts' Erin Brocovich is a shame because Ms. Burstyn is in a league of her own here. An extraordinary performance and film, one that linger with you for quite some time.
B00005A1PR|4.0|I bought this cd after hearing Video once. I thought, hey, this is cool. This song is not the average Women power anthem. It is not overbearing and obnoxious (like &quot;I can do everything without a man I don't need them. Scientifically, you do)It was just the song I needed to hear. Anyway, when I first listened to it, I was like, OKAY, this is NOT what I normally listen to. But then, I played it again. and again. Now, I think all the songs rock. She doesn't just sing of  romantic love (hooray! what a boring subject)She sings about family love, self-love, and respect. This cd is officially on replay. The best songs on it are Ready For Love, Promises, Beautiful, Nature, Always in my head, I see God in you, and, of course, Video. When I first heard it, I wasn't sure what genre of music it was. I now know this is pure and simple RnB without annoying computer sounds. Each song is truly unique, unlike the RnB songs w/all the effects- they use the same sound in each song. Arie delivers what she promises, Soul, warm beats, and good old accoustics. She is surely a promising young artist, and I hope she finds fame.
B000002LFU|5.0|I can still remember coming home from Camelot's Music Outlet when I was 13 with a brand- spanking- new R.E.M. &quot;Green&quot; CD in my hand. It was the first rock album I had ever bought. They say first impressions are lasting ones, and I have been a die hard R.E.M. and modern rock fan ever since that day. Everything about this record catches your attention- whether it be the bright orange cover art or the undeniable originality and quality pop flavor of &quot;Stand,&quot; &quot;Pop Song '89,&quot; &quot;Orange Crush,&quot; and &quot;Get Up.&quot; &quot;Green&quot; was by far R.E.M.'s best album from the 80's, and ranks favorably among the best efforts in rock and roll history. My only question about this record is why it was called &quot;Green&quot; when everything in the packaging is orange?
0345350499|5.0|The Mists of Avalon is one of the most deep and profound books I have ever read. It is a beautifully written Arthurain legand that uncovers the frailty of human emotions and the monumental influence gods or godesses have over simple men. It gave me the chance to wander through King Arthurs Courts and to part the Mists of Avalon. To live in the time of glorious knights and experience inborn chivalry first hand. The most fascinating thing about this tale is the the characters who are very alive and very real. They demand that you really care about them. Morgaine and Gwenwhyfar command overwhelming depression at times, and then power and glory or lovliness and romance at others. I think Lancelot must have been the most desireable man on Earth (or in Avalon) while Accolan had the most amazing inner self. This is one of the deepest and most passionate and complicated  stories ever written. I read it in great gulps, which I beleive is more than likely the only way possible to read it, but I truly regret that now, for if I had read it more slowly it would have lasted all the longer. This is one of the most beautiful works in the world. It is a charismatic book that presents itself proudly on my bookshelf.
B000002LOE|3.0|There is no doubt &quot;Automatic For The People&quot; has its shining moments. &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; was R.E.M.'s biggest smash success to date. But overall, this record pales in comparison to their previous hits like 1989's &quot;Green&quot; and 1987's &quot;Document.&quot; For the most part, &quot;Out Of Time&quot; prods along at a snail's pace. Sounds like R.E.M.'s peppy, radio- friendly singles machine was out of steam on this record, outside of a couple brief moments. Luckily R.E.M. would return during the 90's with powerhouse assaults on the senses like &quot;Automatic For the People&quot; and &quot;Monster.&quot;
B0000035E7|3.0|This album is by no means of the same quality of the genius  Nevermind, nor is it as good as In Utero.  But, this album is still great.  About a Girl is one of my favorite Nirvana songs period.   The song has a melody and a nice hook. This is the standout song on the album, but there are other strong songs.  Blew is a great  opener that is really catchy by punk/grunge standards.  Floyd the Barber is very hard, but melodic at the same time much like many of Nirvana's songs.  Negative Creep I personally didn't like much. Most seem to regard this song as one of the best on the album, but I beg to differ.  It is an okay song, but the repetive lyrics can becomme somewhat annoying after awhile, but still its a good Punk song. The problem with this album is its generic feel.  At times the songs seem to blend together and are not very distinguishable.  plus, most of these songs are under 3 minutes, but that's good because if some were any longer it would drag the album down with its  reptetive beats and lyrics. Overall though this album is good, and does give a sneak preview of better things to come from this band. For the record Igave this album a 3.5 rating.<br />Word to the wise, do not buy this album just because you like  Smells like Teen Spirit or any of the other hits off Nevermind.  Buy In Utero after Nevermind and if you like that maybe there's a chance you'll like this. (It has an acquired taste)
B000002MU3|5.0|Creating a &quot;Monster&quot; like this was a bold move on R.E.M.'s part in late 1994. They had just created two &quot;Monster&quot;ous successes with the quiet &quot;Out of Time&quot; and &quot;Automatic For The People&quot; in 1990 and 1992, respectively. But that is what makes R.E.M. a &quot;Monster&quot; of a rock and roll band. They are always pushing the creativity envelope further. &quot;What's the Frequency Kenneth?,&quot; &quot;Bang and Blame,&quot; &quot;Crush With Eyeliner,&quot; and &quot;Star 69.&quot; are all &quot;Monster&quot;- sized, heavy metal- tinged hits. Overall, this LP is a rock &quot;Monster,&quot; showing that you can still purchase a rock and roll album today without turning into a &quot;Monster.&quot;
B000002JPA|5.0|I remember when I first heard &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; on the radio. I remember the very real shivers it sent down my spine and along my skin. I bought the CD hoping it might live up to the potential promised by that one song. It did that, oh yes; on that first listening, I knew I'd found musical Magic. I know, it's just music, but this is a caliber of songwriting and performance that transcends -- yes -- mere notes. No other recording has had the same impact as this one. Images And Words is, simply, perfect.<br />I'm now wearing out my 2nd copy of this CD -- yes, a CD can wear out if you listen to it enough -- and the music is just as powerful, just as viscerally satisfying today as it was on the first spin. I've seen DT live in Chicago and Minneapolis. Only Michael Hedges could put on a show that could seem to pass so quickly while still filling 2+ hours with so much musical virtuosity and sheer &quot;good time&quot; flavor. These boys can play, both with skill and with heart, and this CD is their showpiece.<br />Of all their CD's, I still find the most &quot;oomph&quot; from Images And Words. Each song has surprising resonance even in my collection nearing 1,000 CD's. The last 2 tracks, however, are probably the ultimate pairing of songs in my collection. There's so much power and introspection in them; even the &quot;Dies Irae&quot; from the Verdi &quot;Requiem&quot; can't touch that level. Subsequent recordings have approached the synchronicity of this CD, but none have truly matched it. None could. Scenes From A Memory is very, very good -- but this was first, and I still think it's the best. This is not for the faint of heart, musically, but then the best never is.<br />If you're new to Dream Theater, this is the CD to make you a believer.
B00005JIZA|5.0|It's extremely rare these days that you can find an artist that encompasses the lyrical and musical talent that John Mayer does.  At 23 years of age, he is writing music that a 70 year old musical veteran would be forever jealous of.  <br />&quot;Room for Squares&quot; is one of the most amazing albums I've ever had the pleasure of hearing and owning.  And my cd collection is pretty extensive.  I'm not a fluff listener, I'm always looking deeper into all the music I listen to.  <br />Lyrically it is heartbreaking, uplifting, and unforgiving all at once.  Invoking emotions that you forgot voice and song could still do.  Musically it will make you tap your feet and bob your head even in public places.  It is an album that you can listen to all the way through and rediscover each time.  I don't think of each song as &quot;good or bad&quot;.  I think of them as &quot;they are all amazing songs&quot;, I just happen to like this one more and that one a little less on certain days and moods. <br />From the opening track &quot;No Such Thing&quot;, a &quot;look at me now&quot; song that's basically about where life takes you after you're out of school and still dreaming, to the beautiful closing track &quot;St Patrick's Day&quot; in which he describes the relationships you get into out of need and slight desperation around the holiday season from November to March, this is a must have for any fan of Rock/Pop.  Every song will make you smile and go &quot;damn, those are some tasty tunes!&quot;  <br />So, what are you waiting for, click the button, run out to the store, spend the money, take the chance, scream at the top of your lungs.  Just get this album and you'll kick yourself that you hadn't gotten it sooner.
B00004SCX6|1.0|&quot;Oops I did it again&quot; does everything but impress me! Britney Spears is supposed to be the &quot;next Madonna&quot; but wouldn't that imply re-inventing herself?? This album sounds exactly the same as the last one...computer generated. The only change Britney has made is taking off more clothes. I gave this album one star because 0 stars was not a choice. I see a huge lack of talent here! Jessica Simpson has much more talent and I would recommend that Cd over this one anyday!
B00005B36H|3.0|I've been a HUGE Tool fan since the first time I heard &quot;Sober&quot; on the radio 8 years ago.  As soon as I bought 'Undertow' and listened all the way thru, I could tell right away that they had something special that bands like Guns'N'Roses and Metallica could never equal.<br />When 'Aenima' was released 5 years ago I couldn't believe it. . . Tool had actually created an album/CD greater than 'Undertow'.  'Aenima' was so perfect that it seemed the only way to improve upon it would be to make another 'Aenima' just with more songs.<br />Unfortunately we learned a few years back that it would be a long time before Tool would produce a follow-up CD, so when 'Mer de Noms' by APC was released last year I quickly picked it up.  As everyone says, it's not quite Tool; however in a couple respects I like it even more than 'Aenima'.  It is recorded so cleanly with alot more acoustical instruments and Maynard's vocals are extremely melodic and prominent.  I even got to catch their tour openening concert in Portland, OR last February (simply awesome!) So it became evident, the way to improve upon Aenima would be to produce a blend between Aenima and Mer de Noms.  Call it 'Mer de Noms' with more edge.  It seemed so clear to me that I figured they must see it as well (At least Maynard must, right?!).<br />So sadly, here I sit. . . writing a review of an album that I wanted so badly to give the full 5 stars (10 if I could) but could only give a paltry 3.  And why you may ask?<br />Here's why:<br />1) What the hell is Adam doing playing all over the top of Maynard every chance he gets?  I get so annoyed during both &quot;Grudge&quot; and &quot;Patient&quot; that I find myself yelling at the stereo for Adam to &quot;Shut Up Already!!!&quot;<br />2) Who did the mixing?  Most of the time Maynard is barely audible and by the end of &quot;The Patient&quot; I'm ready to break Adam's guitar over his head because of the overwhelming volume level.  One of the best parts of Aenima was Adam's understanding that sometimes &quot;less is more&quot;.<br />3) Are there actually 4 tracks after 'Ticks and Leeches'?  Sounds more like one EXTREMELY long track.<br />4) How many times can you experiment with rhythm timing changes in a single song?  Listen to &quot;Lateralis&quot;, I lost count.<br />There are a couple of high points.  Both Danny and Justin perform their parts very well.  Danny is still by far the greatest percussionist I've ever heard.<br />Bottom line:  I would rather listen to &quot;46 and 2&quot; 12 consecutive times than the 12 music tracks on 'Lateralus' all the way thru.
0684867621|2.0|As a huge and long-time Stephen King fan, my first warning was the shortness of this book. Stephen King books are generally in excess of 400 pages, and this is a lightweight in comparison.  Although some of his short books are excellent, such as Misery or Gerald's Game, I have found most of them to also be short of his standard.<br />I found myself caught up in the story, as always with this author, with the vivid imagery and excellent character insight drawing me into the novel.  I felt a real sympathy for the girl child heroine, and her thoughts rang true.  However, I was left with a feeling of incompleteness.  Perhaps he had to make a deadline so did not flesh out the story as he normally would have.<br />If you're a big King fan, go ahead and get this book, but if you're looking for true horror or suspense, this does not deliver it.
B000002UW1|4.0|&quot;Document&quot; was R.E.M.'s breakthrough moment and thus last indie label release with I.R.S. It sold over one million albums in 1987, mainly because of the Top 40 success of &quot;It's The End Of The World As We Know It&quot; and &quot;The One I Love.&quot; Although lead singer Michael Stipe's lyrics leave you scratching the top of your head, his delivery is heartfelt and as unique as any other voice in rock history. The truth is &quot;Document&quot; is a great modern rock recording from the 80's. Unfortunately it took non- college radio listeners almost six years and four full-length releases to realize the entertainment value in R.E.M.
B00005B36H|5.0|This CD is unbelievable. Every time TOOL comes out with a CD each one has a different sound. The songs are genuisely composed and Maynards voice is uncomparable. In this CD you hear alot more of Bassist's Justin Chancellors talent (schism and the patient). Adam Jones still delivers with his unbeatable guitar riffs, and Drummer Danny Carey gets alot more solo time as well (ticks &amp; leeches). Many people asked if TOOL could in any way top Aenima or even come close to the overall success of the cd. To me the albulm didn't top Aenima but evenly matched it. both Cd's are great and have high artistic values. The cd is a must have for any TOOL fan
6305364613|5.0|definately one of the better romeo &amp; juliet movies...the cast is absolutely perfect...they're awesome at the roles they got.  definately one of my favorite movies.
0375416811|5.0|I really love the audio version of this book. Helen Fielding's work was funny, especially when read by a good narrator like Tracie Bennett. Tracie Bennett was so great that I felt like Bridget was telling me the story by herself! I kept smiling from the begining to the end. You will love Bridget and her life. Also, the second book &quot;Bridget Jones: the edge of reason&quot; is even better. I wish Helen Fielding will have the third Brodget Jones book soon!
B00005AQF7|5.0|man this album is exactly tha same as tha original except fo da fact dat u get a video with it. All i gots to say is that this cd is without a doubt tha greatest rap album of all time no questions asked.
0064407667|1.0|I wouldn't even rate this book one star! It probally was an idea  from Harry Potter. He made these books so depressing so dont read them they are horrible. They are so boring also, read the Harry Potter books first they are much better.
0679720200|5.0|Mersault is a \\"stranger\\" because his brain is not infected by the idea of morality. He allows neither the consequences of his actions or society's reception of them to affect his decisons. He indulges his every desire without question, and can go to the scaffold unrepentent, satisfied with his hedonistic, nihilistic life.    Such a character, in this world as well as in literature, is regarded as insane or \\"evil\\" (a subjective word with no place in reality) because he does not restrict that which comes naturally to him. To those that condemn such a man, I ask \\"Why is he wrong/evil/insane/(insert dismissive label here)\\" The man he killed would have died anyway. There was nothing in nature, save the sharpened blade of moralizing men, to stop him from killing the man. Punishing him would not erase what was done. Weeping over a dead mother is pointless, and denying one's ... urges because the said dead mother expired earlier that day is equally irrational. So why is Mersault \\"wrong?\\"   Answer: There is none. There is no objective way to determine the correctness of one's actions, and religion and government (the two distributors of judgment and retribution) are simply manmade institutions that are forged only of human opinions. One can allow the subjective morality of the majority to rule, or one can choose to be a god himself and allow his own opinion to be law. Mersault was such a man, and he died a hero's death.   This was, of course, all my opinion. Nothing more.   -Joseph \\"God\\" Jordan
B00003CXBK|5.0|The mind is boggled, words fail and there aren't enough stars to commend this film. Everything about it - characters, story, animation - makes it one of the greatest movie experiences of all time, animation or not. Just pipping the 2 hour mark, the plot draws on Japanese mythology which, although it may mean more to people more familiar with the culture, can be understood on a fairly universal basis - I won't bore you with details since it's done above. There's no ecological preaching, no clearly-defined good and evil, just a battle between the forces of progress and nature itself, and the bravery of a young stranger who would try to unite them both while fighting for his own life. Perfect acting and amazing animation only strengthens an already powerful experience, plus the DVD quality was quite excellent. Just one point to mention - this movie seems to have set itself up for a sequel, even a series, where the origins of the two young heroes and their continuing relationship are revealed. Finally, I am fairly new to the works of Studio Ghibli (I may have seen some of their other stuff aeons ago but nothing's available here in the UK - WHY?), yet I can quite confidently say that their animation is the greatest of anime and at least the match of Disney's best efforts. They are not the Japanese Disney though; their smaller number of creations are infinitely more diverse and full of the magic the best of Disney contains but a spark of(that spark seems to have died out since the classic Lion King).  Weary of flat Hollywood efforts, bored of slushy romances and endless films about Brit drug culture? Well I'm confident there's any number of countries can produce better films than the US of A, but why not start here? Japan may have given us guys in rubber dinosaur suits but it's also given us classics for all time, such as the great Tombstone for Fireflies and now Princess Mononoke. I can't speak for everyone, but my expectations were sure as heck exceeded! (Oh by the way,this film is not the &quot;Star Wars&quot; of animated features - who came up with that one?)
B00004Z1MN|5.0|In Frequency, Dennis Quaid is a firefighter in Queens, in 1969.  His son John, at 6 years of age, dreams of one day becoming a police officer.  Due to some kind of bizarre transgression of the laws of physics, associated with unusually prominent aurora borealis, he and his adult son John find themselves communicating by shortwave radio, from 1969 to 1999, and back.  John saves his fathers life, by warning him about an impending disaster he will face in a burning building.  But somehow, something about this act has changed history, and caused a psychotic killer to continue killing, although in the normal course of events he would have died, thereby ceasing his activities.  Together, Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel must find the killer, and stop him, before he kills their respective wife and mother.<br />I found this to be quite an enjoyable thriller.  The mere fact of having the father (Quaid) be an incredibly brave fireman, and the son (Caviezel) be a homicide detective, guarantees plenty of action right off the bat.  The shortwave radio is a cool little device, it worked for me.  There are a few scenes where the director shoots slow motion sequences of falling objects from the past and present simultaneously, leaving their synchronicitous moment of impact to imply a change in history.  This was slightly overdone, I thought, but still basically effective.  I really enjoyed some parts of the soundtrack, particularly the song played during the closing credits.  All the supporting actors are very good as well.  Noah Emmerich reprises his trademark role as the protagonists buddy, constantly offering brewskis, which he perfected in The Truman Show, and in Beautiful Girls. <br />By the way, the physics professor they show being interviewed on television by Dick Cavett, to explain the aurora, is apparently named after a real superstring theorist, named Brian Greene.  Anyone out there who enjoys the science part of this movie, and would like to learn more, should look for Brian Greenes very readable book, The Elegant Universe.<br />Basically, this is a very fun thriller.  Worth checking out.
0060955775|5.0|I'd never read any of Paulo Coelho's books and bought this only because the title intrigued me.  I was quickly swept up into his wonderful, lush but simple narrative.  What could have been a depressing tale turns out to be so spiritually uplifting, so hopeful.  I love all of these people and the oh so very important lesson they give us.  I can't wait to read his other books now!  After you read this book, share it with the person you know who most needs it.
B00005B36H|5.0|i have to say that at first i didn't like this album very much...i thought that it lacked the hardness i was used to in tool music and it just seemed different.  but i forced myself to listen to it (7 times in the first two days as a matter of fact) and it started to grow on me. tool seems to have tempered down their anger, not that they're not angry still (maynard sounds as haunted as ever) but the anger is more resigned and seems more focused and thoughtful.  this album is actually an intellectual and emotional experience..i find myself listening to it and really thinking about the lyrics and being taken deeper into my thoughts and yet at the same time i find my feet tapping and my head moving to the rhythm more and more.  i like every song on this album and that is a first for a tool album for me, i love them but i have never liked every song on one of their albums before this.  despite what seems like crazy song lengths it's actually easy to listen to them all the way through. i think it will take some fans a while to get used to this album, it took me some time, but afterwards i think most if not all of their fans will really learn to enjoy this album.
B00005B36H|5.0|Tool has really grown and matured as a band since Aenima; while Lateralus doesn't rock quite as hard as Aenima, the playing and the arrangement is so skilled and tasteful it more than makes up for it.  The lyrics use a lot of occult symbolism and themes and focus a lot of on spirituality; if someone wasn't into that kind of thing I could see how they might be bored by them, but for me it's perfect.
1573300403|5.0|I don't care if you don't like Michael Jackson, you might think he is too weird or too much like a stereotypical popstar; his very apparant enormous ego might put you off, but . . . THE MAN HAS TALENT. And it is all on History Vol2.<br />The highlights of this package are without doubt<br /> -Smooth Criminal (encapsulates all of Mj's dance moves)<br /> -95 MTV award performance (special appearance by Slash for guns &amp; roses + a great array of songs)<br /> -SCREAM (Janet and Michael duet set in a spaceship - it is very spectacular and the beat grows on you)<br /> -Billy Jean live performance (so far i have not seen one person take their eyes of the TV whenever this is on, I still can't after 50 viewings.<br />These are the highlights, there are heaps of other songs<br />-Liberian Girl (clip with heaps of celebs)<br />-Beat it<br />-thriller (the whole clip with intro)<br />-Earth song<br />-Childhood<br />-Stranger in Moscow<br />-They don't really care about us<br />-Blood on the dancefloor<br />The so called 'teaser' intro is unbelievable.  It sounds great and looks fantastic.  The 'teaser' shows Michael being treated as some kind of military leader at the unveiling of his huge gold statue (strange). Anyway it is worth a laugh, and it does look cool.<br />The end song is a package containing footage from many overcrowded Jackson concerts with Excalibur music in the background. He will return.<br />THE DVD RULES!!
B0000062Y2|5.0|This rock opera is compelling on so many levels.  It is entertaining as well as thought-provoking and narrative.  The idea of turning the gospel on its ear was ingenious and controversial, and to do so with such fantastic music is a great accomplishment.    Many facets of Jesus' life are represented in JCS.  There's the obvious one of religion, which is best expressed in \\"Poor Jerusalem\\", \\"The Temple\\", \\"Gethsemane\\", and \\"Superstar\\" (which went top 5 on the pop charts).    Politics is very prominent in JCS, and such songs as \\"This Jesus Must Die\\", \\"Simon Zealotes\\", \\"King Herod's Song\\", and \\"Trial Before Pilate\\" do a very good job of covering the political climate of Judaea in the time of Christ.    One of the two major themes that makes JCS so different from other biblical musicals, as well as making it controversial, was the idea that Jesus and Mary Magdalene were involved in a romantic relationship.  Songs relating to this include \\"Strange Thing Mystifying\\", \\"Everything's Alright\\", (my favourite) and \\"I Don't Know How to Love Him\\" (which went top 10 on the charts).    The other major controversy involves the role of Judas.  In JCS, Judas is portrayed as a politically circumspect person who is fearful of the consequences that could arise from Jesus' increasing popularity among the people of Judaea.  This is the reason why he goes to the Jewish authorities and betrays Jesus, as expressed in such songs as \\"Heaven on Their Minds\\", \\"Damned For All Time\\", \\"The Last Supper\\", and \\"Judas' Death\\".  This is not the usual depiction of Judas, who is usually portrayed as an evil minion of Satan.    The music itself is a synthesis of an orchestra and a rock band, which has been proven to work very well in popular music (the Beatles were masters).
B000003TA4|5.0|WWWWWWWAAAAAAAAASSSSSSSUUUUUPPPPP!!!!!<br />NEVERMIND IS ONE OF NIVANA'S BEST ALBUMS!! IT'S AWESOME!! YOU BETTER BUY THIS ALBUM BECAUESE IT ROCKS@!!!! THE STUPID MADSCIENTIST WHO SAYS THIS IS OVERRATED IS A STUPID PERSON! HE'S AN BENDEJO AND EVERYONE SHOULD KNOW IT!! WHEN I WAS LOOKING FOR THIS ALBUM ONLINE,&quot;I FOUND IT HARD,IT'S HARD TO FIND OH WELL WHATEVER NEVERMIND&quot;!!<br />FCR21
B000001FT2|4.0|Grace Jones second album on Island Records is possibly the greatest of her recording career to date. It features a string of very remarkable recordings, containing a multitude of styles such as New Wave, Reggae, Funk and Jazz.<br />The album opens with the curiously compelling, Walking In The Rain, which is one of her most bizarre and off the wall recordings, yet there is something fascinating about this recording despite its blatant weirdness. She then delivers what's possibly her very, very best recording ever - Pull Up To The Bumper. This funk-driven track is totally infectious - a fact reflected in her sales as this became one of her biggest ever hits in the U.K where it sailed into the Top 20 singles charts on it's re-release in 1986 (although struggled into the lower reaches of the Top 75 the first time round). The Reggae-style, Use Me has an interesting musical arrangement as does the title track, Nightclubbing which is full of strange, synchronized sounds. The New Wave soundsof Art Groupie is another catchy affair, whilst the music steadily steers into jazz on the eccentric but undeniably excellent, I've Seen That Face Before. The disappointment of the album comes in the lacklustre version of Feel Up - the reason being was that she did a far better version in her A One Man Show (1982).  However the album soon gets back on track with the stomping rock track, Demolition Man and then finally the album ends with a surprise in I've Done It Again. This late night jazz number allows you to appreciate the surprisingly soothing qualities of her voice. Never have I heard her sound so effeminate as she does on this track. All in all a very good album, packed full of red blooded performances from Grace and a string of vastly remarkable recordings that only an artist as eccentric as Grace Jones could record. The album was a big seller, going into the British Top 40 album charts and was incidentally voted album of the year by the magazine, New Musical Express.
6305127646|5.0|After a hard day at work, when reading a book or plowing through a heavy movie seems like too much work, I recommend this movie to you. It has romance, clever humour, a good plot (fantasy that it is) and well-defined characters. There is no harsh violence, bad language or torrid sex scenes. The Saint and Dr Emma Russel's love was so powerful - it was very moving. But make no mistake - this is no soppy love romance movie. The action and humour kept it moving at a fast pace. <br />I doubt if it was intended to be an exact remake of the original and it may disappoint those who expect it to be such. But for the rest of you, sit back and enjoy!!
B00004RYZT|5.0|Live aus Berlin is spectacular. Rammsteins music, lyrics and stage show go hand in hand, making them, I think, the best band about.<br />...In reality, Rammsteins songs all have a powerful depth to them, with each of their songs portraying different feelings, situations and experiences. Rammstein should not be discriminated against because of their nationality. Their stage show is so wel planned out, the Live aus Berlin concert was very powerful in that it successfully used visual imagery to show present the emotion in all of their songs. I think Live aus Berlin is a great buy, and anyone wanting to see 6 of the finest musicians in the world, must buy it....
079073804X|5.0|The Exorcist 25th Anniversary Special Edition is chock-full of special features, and beautifully transferred in anamorphic 16:9. A real treat is the included BBC documentary The Fear of God: The Making of The Exorcist, which contains a wealth of information on the genesis of one of the truly great films of the 70's.  Also included is most of the material that was put back into the film to make the inferior &quot;version you've never seen&quot;.  This edition of the DVD places those extra scenes where they belong - as standalone curios for the aficionado.  There is, after all, good reason why they were cut in the first place:  they slowed the narrative and they weren't that good.<br />As originally released, The Exorcist broke ground not only as a horror film (by seriously pushing the limits of just what you can show on screen), but also as a serious human drama about faith, sacrifice, and redemption. Unlike later and lesser imitators, The Exorcist does not indulge in shocking imagery and dialogue for its own sake; rather it simply takes the subject of demonic possession seriously - and presents it as honestly as possible.<br />The Exorcist also takes God seriously.  It understands the nature of faith.  For perhaps the first and only time in recent cinema, Catholic priests are not presented as troubled perverts hiding behind collars, but as dedicated servants of the Church; ordinary men who struggle with extraordinary responsibility.  And like the rest of us, their faith is sometimes severely tested.<br />Jason Miller plays Father Damian Karras, a psychiatrist and a priest, who is the real main character of the film (not, as many suppose, the possessed girl).  His struggle is familiar to anyone whose walk of faith has been interrupted by guilt, isolation, and doubt.  He is a modern Jesuit - trained to believe that good science and good religion are not contradictory.  He is the face of the &quot;enlightened&quot; church that has relegated demonic possession - therefore exorcism - to the musty closet of old superstitions, along with the six-day creation and the flat Earth.  The lonely death of his mother strains Karras' belief in God and the Church to the breaking point.  He even says to a colleague that he is unfit to serve; that he has lost his faith.<br />In his weakened state, movie star Chris McNeil (the superb Ellen Burstyn) asks Father Karras to help her daughter Reagan (Linda Blair) who, she believes, is possessed by an evil spirit.  He is joined by an older priest who has met this particular demon before, the venerable Father Merrin (Max Von Sydow).  By the time they face the demon in the film's final act, there is no doubt that this film believes in God, the devil, and everything in between.<br />Ultimately, director William Friedken's thesis - spoken by him on the DVD's commentary track - rings true:  The Exorcist is a film about the power of faith, no matter your proclaimed religion, to overcome evil.  In the end, Father Karras is redeemed, his faith restored, and Reagan is freed of the demon's horrible clutches.<br />More so even than Silence of the Lambs, The Exorcist towers as an example of the legitimacy of the horror genre as potentially great cinema, not merely a great thrill ride.ore exorcism - to the musty closet of old superstitions, along with the six-day creation and the flat Earth.  The lonely death of his mother strains Karras' belief in God and the Church to the breaking point.  He even says to a colleague that he is unfit to serve; that he has lost his faith.<br />In his weakened state, movie star Chris McNeil (the superb Ellen Burstyn) asks Father Karras to help her daughter Reagan (Linda Blair) who, she believes, is possessed by an evil spirit.  He is joined by an older priest who has met this particular demon before, the venerable Father Merrin (Max Von Sydow).  By the time they face the demon in the film's final act, there is no doubt that this film believes in God, the devil, and everything in between.<br />Ultimately, director William Friedken's thesis - spoken by him on the DVD's commentary track - rings true:  The Exorcist is a film about the power of faith, no matter your proclaimed religion, to overcome evil.  In the end, Father Karras is redeemed, his faith restored, and Reagan is freed of the demon's horrible clutches.  <br />More so even than Silence of the Lambs, The Exorcist towers as an example of the legitimacy of the horror genre as potentially great cinema, not merely a great thrill ride.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Even though I have enjoyed some of their earlier albums.  I feel they far compare to this one.  I liked every song on the disc, you can't say that about to many others.  The lyrics where heart felt and very creative.  It explains alot about Ms. Love's feelings.  I would surely recommend this album to anyone that asked.  I love it!!
0767817478|3.0|To start off, I don't think that creating a fully computer-generated version of Godzilla was in any way an act of disrespect for guy in the green rubber suit. I prefer to think of it more as a chance to see Godzilla the way he was truley meant to be seen. However, I was a little underimpressed by Godzilla's character. For the most part, he seemed oblivous to humans, and didn't really interact with any until the movie's finale. Which is too bad. It would've been something to see Godzilla grab people off the streets, or turned them into a pavement patty, but this movie is rated PG-13, so perhaps it was better for the target audience to see him destroy famous landmarks. But then, who was really doing all the damage? From what I saw, it looked like the military was doing a better job of destroying New York than Godzilla. <br />I also think it would've helped if the movie hadn't spent so much time in the dark. If you ask me, Godzilla looked a lot more real during the day than he did at night. The lighting never looked quite right on him when it was dark  He was always too bright, and never looked as ominous as you think he would. Yet, when you see him attacking New York for the first time during the day, he looks very real. I especially liked the nice camera work as you see him pass by 'Animal' at Grand Central Station. It gave the viewer the first chance to finally see Godzilla from eye level, allowing you to get a true sense of his size. It's too bad the movie's story and characters weren't as good as the effects and camera work. The characters were boring and handeld poorly, especially that whole Mayor Siskell and Ebert thing. What was that all about? And there were far too many scenes that seemed a little too familiar from other movies, most of which looked like Speilberg's. Godzilla destroying a pier, towing boats backwards, and eating a helicopter. I've seen the shark in Jaws and Jaws 2 do all of that. And the lengthy scene involving the hatchlings running loose inMadison Square Garden looked an awful lot like the 'raptor's in the kitchen' scene in Jurassic Park, crossed with the part in Gremlins when the little monsters take over a movie theater. I could go on and on, but I'd rather not. I'd like to finish this review while I'm still young.<br />In short, if you want to see amazing special effects, and Godzilla, the way you've never seen him/her before, this movie might be of some interest to you. But if you're hoping for a creature-feature combined with a exellent story, you're better off watching one of the many movies this film so shamelessly imitated.
0060392886|5.0|The most amazing book I've read in years.  I could not put it down.  Captivating, tear-jerking, hysterical, and exciting..this book is a must read.
0790730960|3.0|Bleak, bitter, and satirical, Batman Returns reaffirms Tim Burton's Disneyworld-on-a-bad-acid-trip sensibilities.  It reaches for - and almost achieves - a more complete funhouse-mirror reflection of the human soul's darkest corners than the film that preceded it, 1989's Batman, starring Jack Nicholson as The Joker.<br />Batman Returns, being a blockbuster summer sequel to a blockbuster summer original, ups the star-power wattage by featuring not one, but three (or, perhaps, two-and-half) celebrity villains.  Christopher Walken plays the evil department store tycoon Max Schreck (named for the star of the silent vampire classic Nosferatu); Michelle Pfeiffer is awkward seceratry-turned-sex-kitten Catwoman; and Danny DeVito takes on a very dark (rather than dapper) interpretation of the Penguin. Michael Keaton reprises the title role of Batman.<br />The result is a somehwat overloaded film that many people found disappointing.  To be fair, the plot is burdened with one too many under-developed ideas.  For example, a plan by the Penguin to kidnap the first-born children of Gotham fizzles badly.  It is a silly, labored plot device with a dead-end and no payoff.<br />Yet I give this film three stars, on the strength of what does work - the battle of the sexes between Batman/Bruce Wayne and Catwoman/Selena Kyle.  Unlike many popular movies that might pay lip service to an actual subtext, Batman Returns delivers on this one.  I can still remember sitting in the theater back in 1992, expecting the film to keep its breezy comic book/superhero/action movie distance from its themes and characters, when this wonderful scene happens on the dance floor between Pfeiffer and Keaton.  They are dressed as Bruce and Selena, each unaware of the other's superhero alter ego.  They are dancing, conversing, testing the waters of a possible romance, discussing Selena's desire to kill her boss Schreck...and then this moment happens where they suddenly recognize each other as Batman and Catwoman.  It was transcendent; so beautifully executed by the actors, that it made the hair on my neck stand.  Pfeiffer delivers the punch line: &quot;Does this mean we have to start fighting?\\"  It said so much about the love-hate relationship between men and women (the masks we wear, the lies we tell, the damage we do), that I wondered if this very smartly written scene would see its payoff later; if the thesis would be met by its antithesis and then followed by a final synthesis of some kind.<br />Amazingly, the answer was yes.  In the penultimate sequence, the ritualized mating dance of a holiday office party has been pitted against a series of revelations during the inevitable Big Showdown Between Good and Evil.  The masks come off, literally and figuratively, and Batman and Catwoman must confront the question of why they hurt each other when they are functionally allies, and whether or not there can be a genuine reconciliation.  Is a happy ending really possible?  Can men and women truly have idyllic relationships?  Or do our natures dictate that we must eventually turn on one another, in spite of our best intentions?<br />The question is answered as best it can be in a film like this.  It ain't classic literature, but it's surprisingly literate.  The bittersweet coda - a quiet affirmation of the Christmas spirit - strikes the perfect note.  Unlike most of the Batman films, this one has some staying power. In 20 years it may be the one we most remember.oman.  It was transcendent; so beautifully executed by the actors, that it made the hair on my neck stand.  Pfeiffer delivers the punch line: &quot;Does this mean we have to start fighting?\\"  It said so much about the love-hate relationship between men and women (the masks we wear, the lies we tell, the damage we do), that I wondered if this very smartly written scene would see its payoff later; if the thesis would be met by its antithesis and then followed by a final synthesis of some kind.<br />Amazingly, the answer was yes.  In the penultimate sequence, the ritualized mating dance of a holiday office party has been pitted against a series of revelations during the inevitable Big Showdown Between Good and Evil.  The masks come off, literally and figuratively, and Batman and Catwoman must confront the question of why they hurt each other when they are functionally allies, and whether or not there can be a genuine reconciliation.  Is a happy ending really possible?  Can men and women truly have idyllic relationships?  Or do our natures dictate that we must eventually turn on one another, in spite of our best intentions?<br />The question is answered as best it can be in a film like this.  It ain't classic literature, but it's surprisingly literate.  The bittersweet coda - a quiet affirmation of the Christmas spirit - strikes the perfect note.  Unlike most of the Batman films, this one has some staying power. In 20 years it may be the one we most remember.
B00005BJ2O|2.0|Lady Marmalade Is The only good song on this album by the way the original version of the song is horrible Im glad they remade it because it sounds a lot better.  However it resembles En Vogues &quot;Free Your Mind.&quot;  Other than that this is not worth getting just try to get the song somewhere else.
B000002KFJ|5.0|This album is far and away the weirdest of all Black Sabbath albums.  This is obvious in the ending part of Symptom of the Universe.  If you like both Master of Reality and Sabbath Bloody Sabbath, you will love Sabotage.  Megalomania is one of Sabbath's best songs ever, and Ozzy's vocals are the best they've ever been--better than Paranoid, better than Vol. 4, and better than Sabbath Bloody Sabbath.  Buy this damn album.
B000002WYT|5.0|I love this CD soo much i listen to it all the time. My favorites on this CD is Two Step, Say Goodbye, Tripping Billies, and Proudest Monkey. I love all his CD's but I think that this one is by far the best one. He really inspires me. I listen to Crash while I paint and I come up with magnificent works of Art. I really recommend this CD to everyone, it really relaxes you.
0790729725|4.0|Some films achieve moments we remember.  Others manage to evoke a time or a place through the careful marshalling of details. The real achievement of GoodFellas is that it does both things so well and so consistently. The amazing visual imagination of Martin Scorsese is the engine that drives it, sculpting one dazzling sequence after another into a cinematic whole. Unlike lesser directors, Scorsese manages to make the visual pyrotechnics look organic; emerging from the material itself, rather than merely being flashy.<br />Henry Hill (Ray Liota) grows up and comes of age in New York during the 60's and 70's.  He is a product of Pop Culture Pressure - if you drive the right car, wear the right clothing, and use the right cologne or mouthwash, you too, can take part in the American Dream and become one of those smiling people in the magazine and TV ads.  The problem is that few of us can legitimately earn the money to fuel that kind of lifestyle and still have enough time to enjoy it. That's the real allure of being a Wiseguy, of being &quot;in the mob&quot;, or &quot;part of a crew&quot;: if you're willing to live (and possibly die) by their code, you can pretty much have it all.  Or so it seems.<br />Of course, Henry learns - as do we - that there is a great price to pay for living high without actually earning it.  Henry gets most everything he wants - a lovely wife (played by Lorraine Bracco), some kids, a couple of houses, and the camaraderie of his &quot;coworkers&quot;; he also gets strung out on cocaine, investigated, arrested, and very nearly &quot;whacked&quot;.  By the end of GoodFellas, Henry Hill should also have learned what becomes obvious to us - that Wiseguy honor is an illusion; that the close-knit mafia &quot;family&quot; of the The Godfather is a literary fiction.  Then again, he probably does know it.  He just doesn't care.  The lifestyle is, itself, a drug that exerts a powerful hold.  Only mortal terror can lure him into the Federal Witness Protection Program.<br />The large ensemble cast features exquisite work by Paul Sorvino, Robert DeNiro, and Joe Pesci, who is given the most memorable scene in the movie - the famous and chilling &quot;You think I'm funny?&quot;  bit.  Rarely mentioned but just as effective is Chuck Low as the hapless Morrie, a guy who just doesn't know when to keep his mouth shut.<br />The big disappointment in the DVD edition is that it's lacking in special features.  It's also a \\"flipper\\" - you have to turn the disc over halfway through the film to finish watching it.  I would love to see it reissued by Criterion in a dual-layer version with a commentary track by Scorsese himself.  That one would get five stars.ection Program.<br />The large ensemble cast features exquisite work by Paul Sorvino, Robert DeNiro, and Joe Pesci, who is given the most memorable scene in the movie - the famous and chilling &quot;You think I'm funny?&quot;  bit.  Rarely mentioned but just as effective is Chuck Low as the hapless Morrie, a guy who just doesn't know when to keep his mouth shut.<br />The big disappointment in the DVD edition is that it's lacking in special features.  It's also a \\"flipper\\" - you have to turn the disc over halfway through the film to finish watching it.  I would love to see it reissued by Criterion in a dual-layer version with a commentary track by Scorsese himself.  That one would get five stars.
B000001FS3|5.0|I was in junior high when this CD was released in 1987. It is now 14 years later, and this CD is still one of my all time favorites. A Grammy Winner for Album of the Year and being Diamond certified don't happen without a reason. This a CD that forever put U2 in the eschelon of the greatest groups in the history of rock. (Looking back now, in 2001, we all know that these 4 lads from Dublin, Ireland weren't done yet. They followed up with the equally impressive &quot;Achtung Baby&quot; in 1991, and just recently won 3 Grammys for &quot;Beautiful Day.&quot;) I loved The Joshua Tree from the get go based on the first 3 songs: &quot;Where The Streets Have No Name&quot;, &quot;I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For&quot; and &quot;With or Without You&quot; which most people have heard, and, quite frankly is the best 3 song opening ever to a record. True, these songs are still in heavy rotation for the most part, and still can be heard on the radio. The brilliance of the rest of the album often times gets overlooked, which is a shame. &quot;Bullet The Blue Sky&quot; has always been one of my favorites, opening with Larry's always incredibly rhythmic drumming and Adam's powerful bass line. I've often thought that Adam and Larry are perhaps the best rhythm section in rock; they truly are a unit when playing together. Edge's guitar adds that spark that marks this song as one of their best songs ever. If Led Zeppelin was the inspiration for the foundation of this song, then in my humble opinion, U2 took it one step further with Edge's spine-tingling solo, which he usually elaborates on in concert. Moving on, &quot;Running to Stand Still&quot; is just heartbreaking when you realize it's a song about the people in Dublin who are addicted to heroin, and are looking for, as the song states, &quot;a way out of here.&quot; To me, the true masterpiece of this album is the song that comes next: &quot;Red Hill Mining Town&quot;. I've recently begun to think that this may be the song that Dylan and Springsteen wanted to write thier entire lives, but weren't able to put to words. This, to me is the greatest rock song ever written. The sheer emotion in Bono's voice in this song has moved me to tears on occasion.  &quot;In God's Country&quot; is just a beautiful song, with one of Edge's always tasteful solos towards the end. &quot;Trip Through Your Wires&quot; is a nod to the US tradition of country music. &quot;One Tree Hill&quot; This song, lyrically, is one of their best ever; and again, brings me to tears sometimes. This is especially true when you know the background story. Greg Carroll, to whom the song is dedicated, was a member of the road crew who was killed in a motorcycle accident when he was performing an errand for Bono. The anguished wail you can hear in Bono's voice at the end of the song is absolutely heartbreaking sometimes. &quot;Exit&quot; This song is an example of less being more. Adam's bass is the real highlight of the whole song, while Larry proves that by not filling the whole song with drumming, the result can be a more forboding song. Listen to the beginning of this song with headphones in a darkened room at night, and you'll probably see what I mean. &quot;Mothers of the Disappeared&quot; -- I recently found out that the background to this whole song is that they used a processor to modify the sound of Larry's drums, and the effect is mesmerizing. What takes this song to the next level is the lyrics, and is a tribute to the mothers of those who were either killed or are missing in the conflict in El Salvador. A beautiful and thought provoking closing to an incredible album. This CD will always be one of my favorites, and doesn't have a weak point anywhere.
0375707972|5.0|In spare and simple language, The Reader shows us how complex the interweavings of love and hate, good and evil, can be. The two main characters are interesting in themselves and fascinating in their relationship.<br />Henry James wrote that the value of a novel was a matter of \\"the amount of felt life concerned in producing it.\\" By that standard, The Reader stands high despite--and because of--its brevity.
B00004U8H4|3.0|I was torn on how to rate this movie, but felt so strongly about it that i had to. One the one hand, it's brilliantly made. Harron's directorial eye for everything from scene pacing to lighting to interior decor (Bateman's all-white furniture and spotless apartment is perfect) makes the movie work very well. She gets the satire, and even (at times, anyway) manages to keep the movie itself from descending into to the misogynistic filth of its subject matter and protagonist. So, yeah, well-made. On the other hand, i hated it. The violence made me feel like i was being repeatedly kicked in the stomach, and i never really did sort out whether i was supposed to like this guy or not. Naturally, he's a Clockwork Orange-style antihero, but like that movie, after a couple hours of brutality we're meant to feel pity for him because being rich and handsome makes him sad. Really, it comes down to the fact that, as well-made or as well-acted (Christian Bale is astounding; and really it IS worth seeing if only for his performance), or as well-intended the message about the soul-nullifying effect of materialism, it's just not really fun to watch. I like scary movies; this one was too scary. Then again, a lot of people love it for the same reasons i didn't like it.
B000050FEN|5.0|The Se7en New Line Platinum Series edition is a high-water mark in the release of modern film classics, and puts some recent Criterion releases to shame.  This is a film that deserved a thoughtful release, and it got it.<br />Se7en is a film that works perfectly despite (or rather, because of) the formulaic set-up: rookie homicide detective Mills (Brad Pitt) is paired with a crusty old veteran, detective Sommerset (Morgan Freemen), who is in his last days before retirement.  This, of course, is exactly when a Brilliant Serial Killer With a Diabolical Plan decides to commit a series of ghastly murders.  Naturally, films in this genre need to have a &quot;hook&quot;, a conceit that gives the murders a possibly predictable pattern.  This way our intrepid detectives can engage the killer in a battle of wits, a Race Against Time to save lives before the Master Plan is completed.  In this case, the title says it all - the serial killer is patterning his crimes after the seven deadly sins.<br />But here is where Se7en veers off course, and, in the process, becomes a real masterpiece of the genre. This familiar, well-worn surface is a deception. Se7en wants you to relax, thinking you know the territory, and then pull the proverbial rug out. I won't tell you what happens or who the serial killer turns out to be (just in case you are one of the few people on Earth who doesn't know by now), but even if you figure it all out beforehand, it won't do you any good.  You will still sweat.  You will still squirm.  You will still peek through your fingers - which is a shame, since the feature on DVD #1 was transferred from the original camera negative under the supervision of director David Fincher.  In the commentary track, Fincher himself says that this is probably the best that Se7en has ever looked.<br />When you uncover your eyes again, you can then get lost for many hours in the formidable collection of supplemental material on DVD #2.  Most fascinating is a detailed look at the creation of the prop journals featured in the serial killer's lair.  It is not often that we stop to consider that someone actually has to create the stuff we see on screen, and that they often labor for weeks to get something just right - only to have it handled for a few moments by an actor and then discarded.<br />In all, the Se7en New Line Platinum Series edition is a valuable addition to any serious film collection.e creation of the prop journals featured in the serial killer's lair.  It is not often that we stop to consider that someone actually has to create the stuff we see on screen, and that they often labor for weeks to get something just right - only to have it handled for a few moments by an actor and then discarded.<br />In all, the Se7en New Line Platinum Series edition is a valuable addition to any serious film collection.
0060392886|5.0|I read your book guys, unable to put it down read it in one day. I just congradulate you all, and say you have'nt quite shocked me, but, the book is a good book, ( having been around you in the early days in Glendora, Whiskey, Roxy, etc. 81-85) I'm still speachless. Congradulations, on the book and on hanging in there, thru those years! Good Luck to all of you.
B000002JPA|4.0|I know the Dream Theater fanatics out there consider this album a wonderfully crafter work of art, and the death-metallers out there (well, some of them) consider this wimpy girlish crap.<br />I'm somewhere in between after listening to this. Someone told me that this album is the place to begin if you're going to be hearing Dream Theater for the first time. And so I did. As soon as the album begins, I was immediately taken by the tremendous talent evident here; these guys can PLAY, and play well. &quot;Pull Me Under&quot; is an awesome choice as opener too. Anyone who says these guys ain't metal ain't listening. Check out the seriously aggressive riffing and lightning fast drumming and tell me they're not heavy. James LaBrie's vocals soar to nearly unheard of heights, putting him clearly at the topmost level of frontmen. But to me, the real highlight of the album is John Petrucci's guitarwork. The man is phenomenal, and is perfectly complimented by the layered keyboards, drums and bass. These guys are TIGHT, though i suppose I'm preaching to the choir here.<br />I found their longer songs to be the best of the album. In addition to the aforementioned &quot;Pull Me Under,&quot; &quot;Take the Time&quot; and &quot;Learning to Live&quot; were great, well-crafted song epics. But it is surely the famed &quot;Metropolis-Part I&quot; where this album goes from not bad to a must-own. It's not just a song; it's a story, one that I haven't even entirely figured out yet. What I can tell you is that it's damned good.<br />So, I don't know how much I can recommend this album to non-fans of the genre; they simply will be put off by the somewhat soft and lilting trends here. But for those who like their rock on the progressive metal side, this is a good place to begin.
0312979479|3.0|I really enjoy the tension and suspense the book creates especially in the last few chapters (from Ch 13 onward when the few people left were so frightened and alert). That I think is the strongest point of the book.<br />The confession of the murderer(s) in the epilogue is ok, though I did expect something more surprising and ... convincing. There are a few points in the murderer(s)'s plan and in the story development itself that are not very believable. [The butler still prepared breakfast after the second murder, as if there's nothing particularly unusual happen???] That is, the book is a bit too contrived.<br />But over all, if you have 5, 6 hours to spare and like detective stories, why not?
0679720200|5.0|The Stranger was a summer reading assignment for my senior year of high school, and I devoured every word of it. Albert Camus should be read by every student of literature,history, and philosophy. His prose is fluid, his style uncompromising. He reflects the lack of definite meaning that life sometimes has. Camus earned his place in the French literary canon. It is time that the American literary canon adds him among their elite as well. I hope to read this novel again, but in French.
B000059ZLH|5.0|It has taken awhile to write this review but it wouldn't have mattered when I wrote it. I love it! If you're the type to get obsessed by things you enjoy then by all means purchase this DVD ... and everything else this band has done!! Incredibly satisfying. Band like this have to exist so that younger musicians have something engaging to listen to and to be inspired by. The negative things written about this DVD are unfortunate. Dream Theater probably does more for their fans than any other band out there. A simple fix for all the whiners out there is to turn it up loud, extremely loud and enjoy. If you have all the latest audio equipment be thankful. Most of us don't so it should sound alot better for you.<br />Congratulations John, John, James, Mike, and Jordan on a job well done!
B000002GB4|4.0|Well I am impressed with this album. Ignore the coment about me hating styx in edge of the century this album has won me over. I finnaly bought this tape for Three bucks in a bookstore. Put me on is a great song about a record yelling at you to put it on and play it loud ultimate rock!! Jennifer is my favorite song. It seems like alot of people don't really care for it but totally check that one out I love the way Dennis opens it with his vocals. And the title track Crysatl Ball is great too. It seems to be the only hit on here and it's a great song. But yes I like this album. Check it out if you aren't that familiar with it yet.
B00005BL2A|5.0|Outstanding album!  I've listened to it many times during sleepless nights (with my 10 days old daughter) and it simply gets better every time.  <br />PREDICTION: Freelove and I Feel Loved will be huge hits.<br />NOTE: Track 13 (Goodnight Lovers) is the only sure thing that I discovered so far (among 100's of CD's) to calm my daughter with.  Highly recommended to new parents.
B00004T9AS|4.0|Okay, so this isn't Oldfield's best work.  You should, however, keep one thing in mind: second-rate work by Oldfield is still head and shoulders above the best work by others.  <br />This is an atypical Oldfield work in a lot of ways.  Oldfield, an extraordinarily talented multi-instrumentalist, made his name recording albums where (through the miracle of overdubbing) he played the vast majority of the instruments himself.  Here he uses plenty of other musicians.  The composition on this album are also unlike a lot of his other work.<br />But different isn't necessarily bad.  The title track, &quot;Runaway Son,&quot; &quot;Blue Night&quot; and &quot;Holy&quot; are more than worth the price of the CD.  Can you get significantly better Mike Oldfield work?  You bet.  But for a paltry 12 bucks, you won't regret having this album as a companion piece to his best work.
B00005JG6Q|5.0|I have to admit that I'd NEVER seen this movie before and I feel sad for this reason.If you haven't seen this animated movie you can't consider yourself as an anime fan.Even though I hadn't seen it I know it would be a blast in DVD and I'm going to buy it for sure.I hope that you feel just as I do.
014028009X|5.0|I heard audio version of this book, read by Tracie Bennett. I bought it after I saw the movies. But you will find much more in the book. I really love the audio version cause Tracie Bennett was so great that I felt like Bridget was telling me the story herself! I strongly recommend this book for those who wants an easy reading and relaxing story. And I have to tell you that the second one &quot;Bridget jones:the Edge of Reason&quot; is even better!
6305014140|5.0|Great,fantastic,excelent.These would be some of the words to describe this movie.This master piece of japanese animation is a must see,but remember it is just for mature audience because of the blood,killings,nudity and sex.In my opinion,I think some of the killings in this movie wouldn't be necessary for the movie to be so good....It was kind of disturbing to see some of these scenes.Anyways,those are my only complains about these movie.On the other hand this movie was beautifully made and very well planed.I like the ending song,it was kind of sad and nostalgic.Buy this movie,it is just perfect for your collention!
014028009X|5.0|I heard audio version of this book, read by Tracie Bennett. I bought it after I saw the movies. But you will find much more in the book. I really love the audio version cause Tracie Bennett was so great that I felt like Bridget was telling me the story herself! I strongly recommend this book for those who wants an easy reading and relaxing story. And I have to tell you that the second one &quot;Bridget jones:the Edge of Reason&quot; is even better!
B00003CXE7|1.0|With over a thousand reviews here already, my opinion is not going to count for much, but I have to say this. I strongly believe that the tremendous success of this movie at the box office and the awards is tragic testimony to how the art of film-making has declined from story-telling to mere sensory stimulation. <br />Consider: music that never lets up; reverb added to every voice, even when characters are talking out in the open; constant use of quick camera cuts to ensure that you never have a chance to study or reflect on anything; every scene keyed to the same pitch of intensity, so that there is little to distinguish a fight in a small provincial amphitheatre from the climax in the Colosseum. It's all just a barrage of noise and light calculated to keep your reptile brain stimulated while your intellect shuts down. <br />Compare this film to Spartacus, a movie that could probably never be made in this era because the younger generation, overstimulated by movies like Gladiator, would consider it boring. Despite the lack of computer FX, the action scenes in that movie are so much more successful because (a) they stand out against the background of long, slow, quiet plot and character development and (b) they are coherent, unlike the muddled battles and fights of Gladiator, where you don't get much of an idea of what is going on besides general mayhem.<br />It's really sad that manipulation of the senses has become so confused with artistry. Sad because more movies like this will be made, while we get to see fewer and fewer that offer any stimulation for the higher parts of the brain.
0780020685|4.0|My feeling exactly for all the positive reviews of this movie . A great movie ( you'll never feel that it is 3.2hr long!) It is well worth your money and even though it is in B&amp; W and mono! A definite reference DVD collection!  I am a fan of the samurai history etc..it is definitely worth my S$70 purchase!  . The audio commentary is superb which enhances your post-knowledge of the movie  .
B00003CXRP|2.0|Of course everyone knows that this movie features FedEx in a big way (amazing how those FedEx boxes survive a dunking in the Pacific without even getting wet!), but I haven't seen any commentary about the shameless way Wilson is plugged while its chief competitor is given &quot;negative product placement.&quot; A big deal is made of the fact that the Hanks character has bad teeth and hates dentists. Then he reveals that his dentist is named Spalding. At the end, he discovers that his girlfriend is married to a dentist -- who did a root canal on him and was recommended by Spalding! Thus Wilson = loyal friend while Spalding = pain and betrayal. <br />How can we take this movie seriously when so much of it is shamelessly devoted to pitching corporate image? Maybe this could be overlooked if there was a decent story underneath it. The germ of a good idea is there: what happens to a man when he is isolated from the world for over four years? Unfortunately, the only answer seems to be -- that his girlfriend marries someone else! Gosh, great psychological insight there.
0060392886|5.0|Well, maybe not clean but still good. Whether you're a fan of Motley Crue or just an avid reader. This book is one that cannot be put down once you pick it up. It took me a few days to read the entire book and I am about to re-read it. This book will shock you, make you laugh, and make you cry.  I sure hope there is a going to be a \\"DIRT #2\\". Hats off to Motley Crue &amp; Neil Strauss for putting this together. I encourage everyone to pick up this book.
B00005BJ2O|5.0|I am buying several of the soundtracks for gifts.  I had a promo and listened to it and thought this is strange and then I went to see the movie on a press pass with Baltimore director John Waters[he liked it}. I however did not like it...I LOVED IT!! I wanted to stand up and applause after every song.  This movie is like a roller coaster ride, hold on and at the end of the picture[if you like musicals that is] you'll be yelling MORE, BROVO in the movie theater.  Loved it!  Will see it again soon with friends....  GO to Paris ASAP & get ready to go to the Moulin Rogue.  Tell them I sent you. And buy the cd!  Thank me later.
0064407667|5.0|Some people may say that this book is depressing. I, on the other hand, find this book to be  a great read. The fact that the Baudelaire Children are in a terrible predicament doesn't stop them from cooking up ideas and inventing things, and that makes for a great story line.This book is well written and captivating. I couldn't put it down! So, if you're looking for a good book to read when you have some spare time on your hands, pick up this one!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Listen, Every Humen has he's own taste and i respect every one BUT!!!!! This is Britney Spears she's great,sexy,telented And pretty!!!! And this Album is great too!!! It's worth buying BELIVE me!!!!!!!!!!! All the humens who always tell britney don't know how to sing are jurks!!!!!!!!
0790729628|4.0|&quot;Blade Runner&quot; is a story of redemption and hope, in a movie about what it takes to be &quot;human&quot;.<br />Rick Deckard (Ford) is a retired cop.  A &quot;Blade Runner&quot; who hunts down replicants who make it to earth, where they are not legal, and kills them.  He is blackmailed into taking another job, to &quot;air out&quot; 4 Nexus-6 replicants who have hijacked a shuttle and taken it to earth.  <br />If this movie has a downside, it might just be that it was far to subtle for &quot;joe sports fan&quot; moviegoers.  A look at the reviews here on Amazon would seem to uphold this opinion.  The ending of the director's cut IS a happy ending.  It is amazing how many people who liked the movie don't get that fact.<br />Another subtle clue to what is really going on, (possibly a spoiler, but probably not noticed by most of those who have seen it) is that replicant's eyes glow red in some scenes.  The first one is the owl at the Tyrel corporation.  And this comes through much better on the DVD director's cut as well.<br />On Amazon's &quot;Do you like it&quot; scale I give this 5 stars, because it is one of my favorites.  On the &quot;how good a movie is it&quot; scale, I give it 4, because it could have been better.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I'm not a collector or fan of movies, but this is one DVD I had to have.  It's a little long as movies go, but it's a great movie.
0767812778|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  It was incredibly well-written, directed and acted.  The audio and video of the DVD were superb.  Many reviewers of this film saw Lawrence as a hero.  I, however, did not.  To me, Lawrence underwent a drastic change from the beginning of the film to the end.   In the beginning, Lawrence was a kind-hearted man with one purpose, to unite the Arabs.  For example, he took the two kids under his wing when they wanted to be his servant.  He went back into the desert to find the one nearly-dead Arab.   By the end of the film, Lawrence still wanted to unite the Arabs, but he was starting to get confused.  He said he enjoyed killing the murderous Arab.  He ordered the Arabs to attack the Turks in the middle of the desert before they went onto Damascus, taking &quot;no prisoners.&quot;  You could see the confusion in his eyes as he continued to shoot the Turks even after his gun jammed.  He was filled with so much anger and hatred that even Sherif Ali knew Lawrence had changed.  By the end, Lawrence did unite the Arabs but was not a hero; rather, Lawrence became a confused leader who did not really know himself.
B00005ASQ1|3.0|Good premise; well casted; and starts with much promise.  Unfortunately, cops out and starts reaching for comfortable and popular Hollywood cliches.  Hence, a pretty mediocre film.  The last third of the movie craters to conventionality with some silly built-up foil (the mean teacher at the School) getting his just deserts - yawn  - it doesn't work and really wasn't necessary except for the \\"feel good\\" factor that all Hollywood movies feel the viewing masses need to ensure the movie's profitability [no matter how implausible the set-up].  Made worse in that the movie showed no confidence in itself in refusing to allow its characters to be heard in the end; instead relied on sentimental music build-up not permitting the audience to honestly arrive at the intended and desired emotional response.        Alas, what it could of been.....<br />Still not entirely wasted rental, provided you do not go into expecting too much.
B00005B58Y|5.0|In terms of personnel this is the great Miles Davis Quintet of '55-'56 with altoist Cannonball Adderley along of the ride.  But whereas the Quintet was a group that specialized in ballads and pop tunes, this new outfit swung a lot harder.  Most of the tunes here are played FAST.  During his hiatus from the Quintet, John Coltrane's saxophone playing had improved by leaps and bounds; and the rhythm section of Jones-Chambers-Garland had become even tighter.  It's hard to pick highlights from such a stellar set -- Adderley and Coltrane trading choruses at lightning speed on &quot;Dr. Jackle&quot;, the incredible arrangement of &quot;Two Bass Hit&quot;, the pioneering modal ideas of &quot;Milestones&quot;, or the rhythm trio feature &quot;Billy Boy&quot;.  I guess I'd go with &quot;Straight No Chaser&quot;, which features outstanding solos by everybody; listen to Miles at his 50s peak, or to Coltrane *and* Adderley play stack after dense stack of Coltrane's then-new &quot;sheets of sound&quot; technique!  But this tune is just the first among equals.  If you liked Kind of Blue, this album is absolutely essential for your collection.
6305603847|4.0|I was thrilled to finally be purchasing one of my favorite &quot;musicals&quot; of all times, especially at the thought of enjoying The Wall in Dolby Digital 5.1 surround-sound.  While the musics tracks of the DVD were awesome, as well as some of the special effects (explosions, etc.), the dialogue was poorly mixed in with the soundtrack requiring me to constantly adjust the volume (quite annoying).<br />The picture was clear enough, and altogether it was a good experience.  Any die-hard fan of The Wall will truly appreciate the enhancements of Dolby Digital as well as the sharp digital picture.  I highly recommend it - just be ready with the remote for those volume adjustments.
B00005B36H|5.0|probably the best cd of its genre.  it takes a little to get used to but after that initial phase it just gets better exponentially everytime you listen to it.  can't wait to see them in concert.
0140186409|4.0|Mencken said thet Steinbeck was a very good writer who picked unworthy characters to study.  I can't agree completely with that.  Grapes of Wrath is an important expose of the way simple people were affected by the Great Depression and industrial changes to the agricultural sector.  Overly sentimental and melodramatic at times, it is true that Steinbeck exploits the sad nature of his lowly characters to elicit pity.  Still, I found his style clear and the plot interesting enough to overlook these deficiencies.  The narrator documents the trip down Route 66 of an Oklahoma dust farm family.  They are headed toward California dreams and encounter much adversity along the way.  I think the book should be read as a relevant period piece and enjoyed as an American family saga.
B00004SWBD|5.0|I think that this album is briliant and if there next album is anything like this one you should buy that one as well.The songs you should consider listening to are Wait and Bleed, Surfacing, Eyeless, Dispise and Sic because they are just so heavy
B000002I6T|5.0|This is one of my top 5 all time favorite albums.  If you like David Crosby, or any of the cast of characters that contributes to this masterpiece, than you MUST have this in your collection.  You'll recognize Jerry's distinct lead playing, Joni's beautiful backing vocals, Neil's backing vocals and  everyone else's efforts.  All the while the album remains unmistakably David Crosby.
B000050XEI|4.0|All I will say is that Enya's music contiunes to amaze me.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|Lenny Kravitz Greatest Hits (Virgin) collects 15 of the bad boy's best recordings from his 5 Virgin albums. The only exception is the new self penned song &quot;Again&quot; which is a great rock/r&amp;b styled tune and is a hit and another classic for Kravitz. Those who have been unsure how to take Kravitz, should get this CD. Not only is he a good jack of all trades (writer, singer, producer &amp; multi instrumentalist) he style is not easy to pin down as he is soulful, rootsy and rockin' all in one. If there is only one or two songs you may have liked by him and not an entire album, those songs are probably here and this CD will convince you of the man's worth. Highlights included are &quot;American Woman (a great remake!),&quot; &quot;It Ain't Over Til It's Over,&quot; &quot;Fly Away,&quot; &quot;Let Love Rule&quot; and of course the new hit &quot;Again&quot;. If &quot;Again&quot; predicts the future of Kravitz... The road is wide open.
6305718954|5.0|What's with all the criticism for this movie?!! I don't understand how people can think of so many ways to criticise it, when there really isn't anything worth criticising!<br />First of all, this movie is excellent! It is a great combination of religious themes, suspense, horror, and love. They all blend together nicely, creating a well blanced plot. The plot can be complicated if you don't pay attention, and it can be interpreted in a number of ways. But if the plot is understood properly, I don't see how it contradicts itself, or doesn't make sense. <br />I've seen reviews where the plot is criticised by saying that it is never revealed why Frankie receives the Stigmata wounds. I'm sorry to all those people, but it is - You obviously weren't paying too much attention.<br />All this criticism about the Gospel of St. Thomas or whoever, is driving me insane!! WHO CARES!! Seriously, I don't understand how people can go on about something as stupid as that! <br />There are other stupid criticisms that aren't even worth mentioning (Example: The high-tech equipment in the Vatican) - They are irrelevant to the overall analysis of the movie.<br />If you haven't seen this movie before, DON'T be disheartened by all the negative criticism - It's all nonsense for the sake of something to talk about. It's very easy to criticise something that is not understood properly. I think that's the problem with a lot of reviews - People don't understand the movie properly, and criticise what they don't understand. Stigmata is a movie that requires concentration to be understood properly. If it is understood for what it is, it is an excellent movie that deserves repeated viewings. I'd recommend it to anybody who's into suspense type thrillers!!
0553106635|5.0|I found the book amazingly invigorating. Its content was surprising and shows a new turn to fantasy. I read the first 2 books in approximatly a week and couldnt wait for this book to show its face. The characters are well in depth and it shows man at true human nature. This book and the series has no true good and evil. People are just people in this book. Main characters can die (....). From the moment i picked it up i couldnt put it down. It has a mixture of intrigue, crime, magic, and political plots. Its not good always winning or like white wolf bad always winning. It actually has both winning or both loosing at the same time. If you loved the Wheel of time series ot Chaos gate series, youll die for this series.
B00000JCOV|5.0|if u havent heard much slipknot yet, then u have to get this cd, slipknot is a soft metal type music and very good, the lyrics and vocals are excellent as well as everything. every part has its own unique style which makes slipknot really stand out from other music. the whole cd is good, not just a few good songs like some cd's, which means u can let it run and get into the feel of, in my opinion, one of the greatest bands...check out mudvayne if u like this too...
0446677450|5.0|Firstly, i got to tell that i am only 18 yrs old...and do ave a girl friend. We both got the same problem. My mum bought the book but i didnt read it nor touch the book. After my girlfriend gone crazy of working too long hours and even study full time in the collage. I really got to read this book and it helps me over my financial.My intention of writing this comment is THIS BOOK IS A LIFE SAVER TO EVERYONE.
0131103628|5.0|C programmers will find themselves needing other books, but this one is a must-have for everyone who uses the language.  Unlike the refrigerator-sized goliaths that promise to teach C to the reader in under 30 seconds, this book is small, concise, and can probably teach the language faster than any other.  Its index allows for easy quick reference to the seasoned C programmer.  The authors are the de facto authoritative source on the subject, and this book should serve as a model to all writers of technical books.
B00005B36H|5.0|If you are a Tool fan (or not), then my advice is to get this album as soon as possible. It's just amazing.
0141000198|3.0|Admittedly, I saw the movie before picking up the book. Maybe that's why I didn't get as much pleasure from it, I'm not sure. Don't get me wrong, it was a good book, but I guess just not what I expected. All I can honestly say is that I would rather watch the movie, which is one of my new favorites and I HIGHLY recommend. This book followed a slightly different storyline, which included less of Mark, who I wanted to see more of. The sequel (Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason), however, is hilarious. I am rereading it for the third time right now. But you do need too know the original story to fully appreciate it. Whether you do that through the movie or book is your choice.
0805211063|4.0|Those like myself who seldom read fiction but enjoy looking at the world through different lenses may find the reading of this work rewarding.  K's travails evoked memories of my time in the military (in Southeast Asia):  nothing is as it appears, days of boredom are interrupted by moments of bewildering activity, people have whole menus of hidden agendae, one struggles to attain goals that later prove empty of significance, chance meetings turn out to have been pivotal, and apparently chance meetings turn out to have been carefully staged for one's benefit (or detriment!).  K lives in a world very much like ours... where the puppetmasters are unknown strangers, and our companions turn out to be very unlike what they appear.  If this novel has any practical value (heresy!) it is as a manual on techniques of 'how to navigate in the dark.' For those who doubt it, one can navigate in the dark, but one must use one's ears (distant sounds of crashing waves, the echoes of thunder, the direction of the seabreezes).  The biggest obstacle to finding one's way is a full moon -- one can see the sea, but the stars (far more important!) disappear from view. ... All in all, I liked Kafka's book.  As each of the characters around him reveal the reasons behind their bizarre behaviors, they become 'normal' humans, disappointing but less weird.  K is in some ways a lightning rod, provoking his very upset neighbors into revealing the reasons for their anger and frustration with him.  After awhile one doesn't even care any more about The Castle and its occupants; the village is more real and surviving in it is a lot more important than escaping from it.
B00003OSSL|5.0|A really great film with a very complicated and intense storyline.  I agree that this film is not meant for all types of audiences, as it has a very mature theme and only some people will actually get the story.  <br />Great performances from Harrison Ford as he displays a series of grief stricken scenes very different from his usual characters he has portrayed before.  Kristin Scott Thomas is brilliant as always in her performance as an ambitious congresswoman, yet trying to appear unmoved and cold as she learns of her husband's death and infidelity.  Scott Thomas is perfectly cast for this role and gives the film just the right amount of emotion in each scene she appears.  She literally steals the scene with her talent and her beauty. If you can handle the subject matter, and you enjoy Ford and Scott Thomas's acting, then it will be an excellent movie to watch.
B00005AXEL|5.0|I can't believe how good this sounds.  Definitely some of her best stuff.
0671027344|1.0|Actually, I really liked this book and would probably give it 4 or 5 stars.  However, I personally never read those reviews, and I'd like this to be read.  All of you who say that Charlie is unrealistic or say that no teenager acts like him should read the last 20 pages again.  There are reasons he acts differently than most teenagers, and I think you missed all of them.  If you didn't miss them, then I believe you're making the worst argument in the world.  Also, don't write a review before you've finished the book. What's the deal with that?
B00003CXE7|1.0|The hype surrounding Gladiator led me to believe that this would be an incredible movie.  What it proved to be was a TYPICAL epic with the basic plot of every other epic ever made.  The acting is done fine but was not superb by any means.  Aren't we getting a little tired of revenge as the main theme for movies?  It's time to expand our minds.  Movies such as Traffic accomplished this goal.  It was an original film.  Gladiator won because it had &quot;cool battle scenes&quot; which were not the greatest ever made.  They were poorly designed and the speciall effects were not as well thought out as the special effects in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.  Gladiator proved to be typical in many respects.  The plot was obvious to begin with.  It's heartwrenching that his family was murdered but give me a break.  Let's talk about ultimate movie cliche.  My family was killed, I must avenge their death.  Gladiator follows the Last of the Mohicans pretty well, differing only in the time period it takes place.  The Academy needs to become more true to the nature of their awards.  The BEST movie of the year should be chosen, not the most typical.
0385495315|4.0|Published by Doubleday in 1999, this is an informative book that looks at the evolution of secret writing, from the time of the ancient Greek military codes, right up to our computer-age adventures in privacy and security on-line.<br />A number of interesting code-busting tales are related in eight chapters. Among the chapter heading are: The Cipher of Mary Queen of Scots, The Mechanization of Secrecy, and Cracking the Enigma.<br />Anyone interested in computer privacy, identity theft, government or corporate snooping and the like, will find a lot to think about here.<br />The author, Simon Singh, is worthy of note, too. He has a Ph.D. in physics, and he is a former BBC producer. Singh, also directed a documentary shown on PBS's &quot;Nova&quot; series about Fermat's Last Theorem. Singh, is also the author of the book &quot;Fermat's Enigma&quot;.<br />At some points the book gets too elementary. Apparently, the author and the publisher are attempting to appeal to the widest possible audience, ...  Simple, obvious points are sometimes pedantically repeated, while repitious, step by step exposition of obvious points occasionally becomes tedious.<br />Don't be put off, though. Despite the obvious fine grinding of the normally chunkey subject matter, for the delicate digestion of students with hyphenated majors and Hollywood hedonists, this is a good read.
B000003RCY|5.0|This album gave the band their start over in Europe, and eventually &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; (albeit w/ &quot;Du Hast&quot;) got them to America.  If you enjoyed &quot;Sehnsucht&quot; or just want to try something a little different, I suggest you give this album a listen.  You might be surprised...it's a very good album and the songs are great (esp. &quot;Wollt Ihr Das Bett in Flammen Sehen?&quot;).  While it is in a different language...the music transcends the language-barrier and grabs the listener.  Thank you for your time.
B00000AFHM|4.0|The first I had ever heard of Belle and Sebastian was at a friend's party. Someone had brought this cd, and played track 9, &quot;The Boy With the Arab Strap&quot;. I didn't think much of it until a couple of weeks later, when I somehow got the song stuck in my head. I then proceeded to buy the cd, and other B&amp;S titles.<br />Track Listing:<br />1. &quot;It Could Have been A Brilliant Career&quot;: Nice song, but it switches from sad to bouncy way too quickly. Kinda indescisive and immature, but not a bad track.<br />2. &quot;Sleep The Clock Around&quot;: Catchy, with a great horn section, and weird synthesizer sounds. All melt into a gem of a song.<br />3. &quot;Is It Wicked Not To Care&quot;: The woman can't really sing, but it's a pretty nice song.<br />4. &quot;Ease Your Feet Into The Sea&quot;: A nice island song with a nice guitar. Not a standout track though.<br />5. &quot;A Summer Wasting&quot;: Nice lyrics that are very truthful to how many of us spend our Summers.<br />6. &quot;Seymour Stein&quot;: A very beautiful song. Sad, but inspirational. Simply beautiful.<br />7. &quot;A Space Boy Dream&quot;: Very weird how the vocalist talks in the beginning, and then the strings come in, and then the song completely switched moods. WEIRD yet cool.<br />8. &quot;Dirty Dream #2&quot;: Bouncy... Maybe too bouncy...<br />9. &quot;The Boy With The Arab Strap&quot;: One of my favorite songs of all time, TBWTAS is a tremendous track I am sure you'll love too.<br />10. &quot;Chickfactor&quot;: Kinda catchy, but it sounds like a song emerging from the doldroms (dunno if u like that kinda thing or not).<br />11. &quot;Simple Things&quot;: Sounds really retro, but it's &quot;groovy&quot; I guess.<br />12. &quot;The Roller Coaster Ride&quot;: Great great lyrics, but they aren't presented well at all.
0440219078|5.0|This is an excellent book.  Lois Lowry fully and accurately describes the society with rich, pertinent detail.  A must-read for any middle school student!
B00003CXN3|5.0|&quot;Traffic&quot; is one of the most realistic portrayals of the drug war I've seen yet on the big screen. I am in law enforcement working in the Narcotics section.  If anyone cares to see what drugs really do to a person, starting from the lengths drug addicts go to get their drugs to their behavior on drugs and the vicious addiction cycle, this is the movie for you.  The movie achieves a good balance in portraying how supply and demand work together equally to further the problem.  Without giving away the ending, &quot;Traffic&quot; depicts just how frustrating and complicated the drug problem is for both the addict and for law enforcement.  This movie is a must see.
0205313426|4.0|An absolute must for grammarians and writers, fledgling or otherwise.
B00005B36H|5.0|Lateralus may be the best Tool album ever.  Anyone who appreciates the &quot;musicality&quot; in music that Tool has continued to demonstrate over the years will know what I mean.  The dark, inspired lyrics, coupled with the awesome rhythmic patterns, as well as the subtle dynamics convinces the listener that the Tool isn't just another signed pop rock band out there like we hear so much of today.  The members of Tool are true musicians.  What stands out the most for me with this album are the adventurous rhythms that they incorporate in their songs.  Songs are written in &quot;6&quot; rather than in &quot;4.&quot;  If you've heard Schism, you'll know what I mean.  Another thing that stands out is the way that the songs build up in dynamics and intensity.  Also, many people I know stray away from Tool thinking that they are just another hardcore band with a bunch of loud hardcore songs.  Yes, Lateralus could be considered that, but after just one listen to the album, the album's contrast from the first song &quot;The Grudge&quot; and the tenth song &quot;disposition&quot; proves those people wrong.  However, if you are a new Tool listener, this album may not be the one to start off with since it lacks a &quot;true&quot; radio hit that is short, sweet, and easy on the ears.  But in any case, listen to this album and you will be ensured another demonstration that Tool is a band of musicians who write intelligent music, worth listening to over and over, not just until the hype dies down.
0833509454|5.0|I first read IT when I was 18 years old, and I remember being scared out of my mind by Pennywise the Dancing Clown and really falling in love with the Losers Club.  For a couple of years, I thought this was the best book I had ever read.  Then, I hit my mid-twenties and sort of forgot about the book.  Now, 10 years later and hopefully a lot wiser and more mature, I decided to pick up the book again.  And, to my incredible surprise, I found that I still loved the book!  Though IT is no longer nearly as scary to me anymore, it's still a great read because of the seven people that make up the Losers Club: Ben, Bill, Bev, Eddie, Richie, Mike and poor Stan.  Each Loser is so well defined with so many terrific characteristics and attributes.  And, there really is an eighth Loser: Henry Bowers, who I still believe may be the nastiest bully ever dreamed up by an author! As I believe another reviewer said, the scariest part of IT is not Pennywise nor what is behind IT, it really is the potential threat that you may one day grow up and forget your childhood years.  There's something very poetic about the Losers going back home after thirty years and finding that the only way to defeat the unholy evil of IT is to capture this intangible thing that made them special three decades before -- belief. I look forward to forgetting about IT, and then reading it again in 10 years.  I'll be nearing 40 by then, the same age as the grown-up Losers in IT.  I can't wait . . .
B000002H7I|5.0|Tracy Chapman is a true poet.  When you listen to her songs you know those words and that music comes straight from her heart. There is nothing superficial about this artist.  The highlights of this CD are &quot;Bridges(the Best Tracy Chapman song ever), Born to Fight, All That You Have Is Your Soul, and This Time. She puts so much into these songs.  As you listen you start to feel all those emotions she must have felt writing the songs.  If you like James Taylor, Joni Mitchell, and all the other &quot;folk&quot; singers, then Tracy is the modern-day artis for you.
B00004YRQA|5.0|I saw a lot of reviews of people who are angry because this memory card is so expensive.  If you want to save your games you are going to have to have this.  Even though it is expensive, it can hold 8 megabytes (that's around 20 games).  You aren't really going to need to buy another one for a long time.  If you are waiting for the price to drop, you will be waiting for a long time.  So you should just get it now so you can save your games.  You are not going to be able to play Final Fantasy 10 or Gran Turismo 3 without one of these.
0375420525|5.0|Danielewski proves himself to be the writer of the modern literary movement to create a staying power which will distinguish House of Leaves as a classic.  Through Truant's poetic, lyric entries, the reader is sucked into a world of prose so beautiful, excerpts can be heard on the radio.  I read this book over a year ago, and I am still figuring out all the symbolism and underlying themes, the markings of a classic.  This book is the best piece of literature I have ever read.
B000059ZLH|5.0|Les cuento que este DVD es genial, muy buen sonido he imagen, efectos muy bien logrados, la banda e muy poderosa en el escenario, y me animara a decir que es una de las mejores bandas de rock progresivo. Amplio material, escenas borradas fotos e incluso la duracin de todo el programa, Vale la pena tenerlo, y a todos los fans, no duden en comprarlo, un precio bastante razonable para lo que encuentras dentro.<br />If you dont read spanish, I tell you this DVD is the biggest DVD on the earth, very good youll see
B000002H2H|5.0|You'll feel like if you were on the electric chair!!!<br />One of the greatest albums ever made... It has the great meaning of what Metallica &quot;was&quot; for Metal... THE BEST!!!<br />Every track is sparked by the shocking power of Hetfield's riffs and Kirk solo's... and Burton at his best...<br />Fight fire with fire has a good beginning with classic guitars, and it's a powerful song<br />Ride the lightning is the most underrated song by Metallica<br />For whom the bell tolls... MY FAVORITE EVER BY METALLICA<br />Fade to black is great, a power ballad that shows talent from this boys<br />Trapped under fire reminds me a lot their previous song &quot;hit the lights&quot;<br />Escape... is a filler that could be a hit on another album, has a lot of rhytm and good lyrics<br />Creeping death... Maybe their best song live<br />The call of K'tulu is their best musical, an opera in Metal<br />Anyway, It took me 7 years since I bought it... and after seven years, it's a classic, and LOAD and RELOAD are VVVEERRRYY low, LOW!!!!! than this...<br />Damn you, Lars... I might thank you for this, but not for now!!!
B00005AQE8|5.0|WE ALL KNOW THAT 2 PAC WAS THE GREATEST RAPPER TO SET FOOT ON EARTH, NOW WE KNOW WHY. THIS IS 2 PAC IN HIS PRIME. IF YOU DON'T OWN THIS CD THAN YOU ARE NOT A RAP FAN. THIS IS ONE OF THE FEW CD's YOU CAN JUST PUT IN AND SIT BACK AND ENJOY. MY VOTE FOR BEST RAP ALBUM AND IT IS EVEN A DOUBLE.
B000003TAR|5.0|&quot;NeverMind&quot; is a classic.It was the number 2 album of all time on a recent VH1 special out of 100.&quot;In Utero&quot; comes close,but its alot harder,and not too radio friendly,and some of the cuts could have been produced alot better.I love the single&quot;Heart-Shaped Box,&quot; especially the hook,&quot;HEY,WAIT,I GOT A NEW COMPLAINT.&quot; My favorite number is &quot;Milk It.&quot; I love the Drums,Bass,and the stopping and starting of the Music.It's so different from anything I've ever heard.I think &quot;All Apologies&quot; is so much better on the MTV unpluged single.I'm going to have to buy that record next.I really enjoyed &quot;In Utero,&quot;but its nothing like &quot;Nevermind,&quot;but that's want a bands suppose to do,keep growing,and I'm sure Nirvana would have if Kurt Cobain was still with us.
B00005J6T0|4.0|Madonna's third album is now DIGITALLY REMASTERED on CD. It sounds absolutely clear and loud, a far cry from the poor-quality first edition releases. Of course, who can forget the string of hits such as Papa Don't Prteach, Open Your Heart, Live To Tell, La Isla Bonita and True Blue. It shows a more mature &amp; confident Madonna especially with the songs Preach and the chilling ballad Tell.<br /><br />Another bonus is the inclusion of original LP artwork. The full LP artwork is gloriously restored and looks like a mini-version of the LP sleeve. Just like the LP, the cover contains no title or words, just the pic of Madonna. Inside it shows the longer pic of Madonna till her shoulders like the cassetees. However, the bonus track listing is not as well integrated into the original print as the other 2 re-issues. The original tracklisting was handwritten by Madonna and the two additional tracks are tagged on in normal print which makes them look odd.  The other small flaw is probably the transparent tray which, beneath it, contains an ugly print Warner Remasters and the 3 remastered album covers.<br /><br />The last treat is the 2 bonus tracks included here. There are the slightly remixed version of True Blue andthe longer version of La Isla Bonita. It would have been nicer if these were re-remixed in 2001 and put out.<br /><br />Overall, a worthwhile CD to buy for the sound quality and cover art.
B000002UJQ|4.0|good classics from the good old radiohead...very ingenious...but you must by their recent album...its by far the best...progressive rock at its best...
B00005J6SZ|4.0|Madonna's phenomenal sopohomore album is re-released here as a DIGITALLY REMASTERED CD. A far cry from the poor-quality first edition releases, this rematered CD sounds excellent. You don't have to tune up the volume to enjoy such hits like Material Girl, Dress You Up, Angel, Love Don't Live Here Anymore and of course, Madonna's hugely successful #1 hit, the title track.<br /><br />Another boon is the inclusion of original LP artwork. The full LP artwork is gloriously restored and looks like a mini-version of the LP sleeve. Even the bonus track listings are integrated into the original print and looks just like the real thing if you didnt know this was a re-issue. The only flaw is probably the transparent tray which, beneath it, contains an ugly print Warner Remasters and the 3 remastered album covers.<br /><br />The much touted icing on the cake is the 2 bonus tracks included here. There are nothing more but extended versions of LAV and Material Girl. It would have been nice if these were re-remixed in 2001 and put out.<br /><br />Overall, a worthwhile CD to buy for the sound quality and cover art.
6300247120|5.0|I was born and raised in Ann Arbor, MI, and as a townie I could see how the frat boys and some other snobby  college kids would look down their noses at us. My Dad kept trying to get me to see this movie over the years, ( on top of trying to get me to read Catcher in the Rye) and I kept rejecting it. I finally saw it in 1991, it just blew me away, it's like they were telling my life story. I've probably seen it 25 times by now, and I'll probably watch it again soon.  I had my group of friends that I graduated high school with in the mid 70's, and we all had no idea what we were going to do, just that we would be doing it together. Since then, I've finished college, lost track with my old friends, just as you could  tell Dave Stoller was going to do at the end of the movie. I'm sure a lot of people identified with this story, it looks like the screenwriter borrowed a little from &quot;Rocky&quot;, but it doesn't keep this movie from being a true classic that should<br />stand the test of time. &quot;Every dog has  his day.&quot;
B00005J6T1|4.0|Madonna's introductory self-titled album is re-issued here with DIGITALLY REMASTERING. A far cry from the poor-quality first edition releases, this rematered CD sounds excellent. The disco-party hits on this CD sets the stage for Madonna's reinvention of dancefloor music. Energised and fun, re-live those hits like Holiday, Lucky Star, Borderline, Burning Up and Everybody. Listen to them now in full digital sound.<br /><br />Another great incentive is the inclusion of original LP artwork. The full LP artwork is gloriously restored and looks like a mini-version of the LP sleeve. Even the bonus track listings are integrated into the original print and looks just like the real thing if you didnt know this was a re-issue. The only flaw is probably the transparent tray which, beneath it, contains an ugly print Warner Remasters and the 3 remastered album covers.<br /><br />The much touted icing on the cake is the 2 bonus tracks included here. There are nothing more but extended versions of Burning Up and Lucky Star. The New Mix of Lucky Star is previously unavailable except on the 12&quot;, Madonna VHS and the Immaculate Collection DVD. The 12&quot; version of Buning Up existed only on vinyl.<br /><br />Overall, a worthwhile CD to buy for the sound quality and cover art.
B0000019HU|4.0|I once read that Steve Albini said when he first heard the vocals from this record he was embarassed for Brian McMahan, but after listening a couple of times, he was moved to tears.<br />I also heard the comment that when this album came out, it was as if an entirely new type of music had been created.  I couldn't agree more.  This was a moment of vital new direction, and the highlights on the album are dizzying.  For me, &quot;Good Morning, Captain&quot; is as beatiful and intense and frightening as any song I know.
B00005BL2A|4.0|Depeche Mode releases their brand new studio effort Exciter after 1997's Ultra. While many would say that their 90's releases ...Faith &amp; Devotion and Ultra do not quite measure up to their mega-groundbreaking albums of the 80's, they are nonetheless charming in their own quiet ways.<br /><br />In the 80s, DM sounded fun, engergised and boisterious. Their trademark brand of British synth-pop bowled the world over. They came off with a string of hits. Then came the 90's and a number of changes in their lineup later, DM emerged darker and more brooding. With Dave Gahan's addiction problems, their 90's albums are mostly dark and pensive in nature.<br /><br />With Exciter, there's a wonderful mix of darkness and joy alike. Martin Gore's impeccable songwriting and Dave Gahan's chilling vocals shine well on this album. The best tracks must be When The Body Speaks, Goodnight Lovers, Breathe and Comatose. A small hippcup runs in the form of their attempt at electronic-dance, I feel Loved.<br /><br />Overall, a welcome return!
0684800713|5.0|My generation found its spokesman in Kurt Cobain. Though mine is lost for reasons entirely different from Hemingway's, the need for expression and recognition is as strong as ever. But I think in this book Hemingway offers insight that all our &quot;American Beauty's&quot; couldn't hope to achieve. His characters endure for reasons they don't realize. Life is miserable, or at best empty. Jake Barnes and Lady Brett exhibit &quot;grace under pressure&quot; as Hemingway himself defined it. Ironically, for me, this novel is a reminder of the good stuff in life. Hemingway doesn't offer much hope through the dialogues between his noble characters, but in an optimism wholly uncharacteristic of his writing, he offers us a reminder, or the title. The sun isn't always setting, sealing disappointment and despair as it falls, but it also rises. Even when we can't see the reasons, through the enduring actions that endear Barnes and Brett to us we can at least hope.
B000001G53|5.0|This is my first Parsifal, (actually I heard another parsifal a few years ago which I hated, I became a wagnerian only recently so I didn't care to remember who the conductor was!). This is ultimate beauty , such sublime music is truly miraculous, I sometimes feel that the first few notes of the prelude followed by the \\"Dresden Amen\\" contain the meaning of life , I truly feel redeemed.<br /> It seems that after intense romantic epics like \\"Tristan und Isolde\\" Wagner seeked peace and resignation into this imaginative mystical realm that seems to be synonymous with death. Like a wounded warrior who lived his life to the fullest at the end of his days he seeked simple profound beauty, beauty that redeems the human condition and makes one feel that our suffering under the sun in not completely pointless.<br /> As for Karajan I think he's a much better wagnerian than Solti.Alhough many complain of his academic approach to beethoven and other romantics I think that this is his ultimate strength. You don't have to worry with him that the performance doesn't match the written score, and he lets the music deliver it's own meaning without the pretensions introduced by other conductors.<br /> Like I said , I don't know about other Parsifal's, but this is definitely worth buying, plus it's an awesome digital recording!!
B00004XQ83|5.0|Wow....Buy this album!  I listen to this every day.....several times a day!  Incredible....
B000009ED0|5.0|...and I own over a thousand CDs. :) I saw Kid Rock kick major ... on the MTV Music Awards Show almost 2 years ago, around the time I started hearing his surprisingly sensitive power ballad \\"Only God Knows Why.\\"  I was very impressed.  After hearing \\"Only God Knows Why\\" a few more times, I just had to get this CD, which I bought exactly 1 year ago.<br />This is one of those rare CDs where I played the entire thing all the way, from beginning to end, and didn't tire of it at any point.  In fact, this is still the only CD that I've played all the way through TWICE the first night after purchasing it.  Not only that, but I very rarely play this CD without playing everything on it. It's that great!! :)<br />This is a perfect CD, hands down.  The first time, I played it, I was expecting to hear at least a few weak songs in the bunch (which is usually inevitable of most CDs).  Not this CD.  Every single track on DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE is incredibly listenable and full of fire.  The very first time I plaued it, I was totally blown away with how heavy and strong \\"Bawitdaba\\" is.  With how cool (and funny) \\"Cowboy\\" is.  With how great everything else is on this CD.<br />Put it to you this way-- I have never been a fan of rap music (with the usual crossover 'exceptions' of the Run-DMC version of \\"Walk This Way\\" and Tone-Loc's \\"Funky Cold Medina\\" and, oh yeah, some of Will Smith's stuff).  In fact, I have only recently begun to get into some of the rap/metal hybrid artists that have come out in the past couple of years.  This is the first (and, so far the only) CD of this type I have bought.  But to simply call this CD \\"rap/metal\\" does a great disservice to it, I think.  This CD is so wonderful that it is more than the sum of its parts.  This CD tells us an autobiographical story of a man who, while young, has lived hard for the past ten years.  Nowhere is this more evident than in the plaintive \\"Only God Knows Why\\" and in the CD's final track, \\"Black Chick, White Guy\\" which isthe story of how Robert Ritchie came to raise his son alone.  He does it all here: he rocks harder than most metal bands on \\"Bawitdaba\\" and \\"Fist of Rage\\" (on which he shows his anger, uncompromisingly), he parties heartily (and shows his lighthearted side) on \\"Welcome 2 the Party,\\" he sings (quite well, actually) on \\"Only God Knows Why,\\" and overall, gives us all an inner peek into his decadent world.<br />This isn't merely a 'white boy's rap' CD-- in fact, it isn't anything that can (or even should) be easily categorized.  No-- this is Kid Rock, in all his raw, honest glory.  He is a true original, and shows that here in this CD.  <br />Robert, I hope you keep putting out even more great stuff like this (and yes, I do intend to buy your latest, HISTORY OF ROCK, soon!). Too bad lil' ol' Joe C. is no longer with us, but at least you can keep doing him proud with each new release you give us.<br />Bottom line:  If you're sorta thinking of buying this CD, but are the type that cringes at the hearing of four-letter words, then this may not be your type of music.  But if you're like me, and don't mind hearing loads of \\"swear words\\" (hey, this is a REALLY HONEST CD, so what do you expect?)-- well, then what the @#$% are you waiting for??  It is, quite simply, one of the greatest CDs put out in the past 10 years.  BUY IT!!!!
B00005AQGH|5.0|This album was outta print for awhile now, but now its back, and it sounds better than ever. Same great songs, but with a sharper sound. You can tell they used better equipment on this than on the original recording. Anyway, this album is a true classic from the greatest poet/MC hip hop will ever see, 2Pac. Pac was probably at his prolific best on this album, lyrically. Every song has a message of some sort, whether it be about religion [Blasphemy], important political figures who are incarcerated [Hold Ya Head], his struggles thorough life [Krazy], or hardcore cuts [Bomb First]. This was a concept album based on Pac predicting his own death, and his supposed return in 2003. Also, this album was recorded in 7 days, and is probably the best album ever to be recorded in such a short period of time. Though almost every 2Pac album is great, this is my personal favorite, Pac at his finest. My old copy was scratched ..., but now that its back in stores I got a fresh new copy. Also contains the To Live And Die In LA video........
B0000508U6|5.0|For once the British pulic can be proud as the latest bunch of young hopefulls as Coldplay try to crack America.  I'm sick of being ashamed of pathetic acts like the Spice Girls and S club 7 (not that there plus points to these bands, stop them from singing in there videos and they could be great).  Parachutes is the best debut album since Oasis's Definatly Maybe (not that there is any comparison between the music.  This album is remanisant of the bends the first Radiohead album, before the went OTT on Kid A with music that was too depressive.  Yellow and Trouble, their first UK singles didn't prepare me for the brilliance of this album, Shiver and Don't Panic are best in my opinion, but Spies and Sparks are also great songs.  My only problem is that while all the songs are good the beat song are all at the start of the album.  If coldplay do follow oasis to the top they are unlikely to fall as quickly, there almost passive temprament insures they don't affend.  So for those fearing another oasis type revolution Don't Panic
B00005AQF7|5.0|Stupid. Dont listen to the guy above. NONE of the tracks have been removed on this remastered version. The skits have just been condensed into the songs, so instead of having 13 songs and like 5 skits, you have 13 longer songs. But none of the tracks have been taken off. However, one thing that HAS changed is the sound of the recording, since it was remastered. It was, however, changed for the BETTER. I compared it to the original version, and the remastered version does indeed sound better. The music is sharper and clearer, and you can tell they used digital equipment on this version instead of the analog equipment on the original. Also has a video on it. A remastered hip hop classic, one you should definatly buy....
B00004STPT|5.0|This is hands down, one of the best film scores I have ever heard!  I did like &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; too, but Hans Zimmer was robbed of the Academy Award.  The emotion, wonder, and excitement of the film was driven by this music, and you can't help but be swept away by it.  If for some reason you are on the fence about buying this, let me make it simple:  BUY IT!  You will not be disappointed.
B00005BJ2O|1.0|I didn't expect much from this CD so at least I wasn't disappointed. I bought it only because I had heard &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; from the soundtrack on the radio. Since there was no single releases of this song I just bought the whole CD.<br /> Nonetheless, I gave the soundtrack a chance. FatBoy Slim's &quot;CanCan&quot; is destined to be featured in many cheerleading routines on ESPN. &quot;Rhythm of the Night&quot; sung by Valeria was drech- not that the original version was so great either. Nicole Kidman's voice is thin, but she can carry a tune, as can Ewan McGregor. But I didn't find any of their songs enjoyable. &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot; sung by Beck was a disaster. But again, having not liked the original version sung by Bowie (and I love Bowie) I was not surprised.<br /> Finally, &quot;Lady Marmalade&quot; a great song if ever there was one.This includes the original version as well. Missy Elliott did a great job producing it and all the women sound great together. Unfortunately, it includes an ethnic slur rapped by L'il Kim &quot;wearing high-heeled shoes/gettin' love from the Jews&quot;. Totally unnecessary and lacking creativity- finding something to rhyme with shoes and rouge was that hard? Not to mention anything to do with predjudice makes my blood pressure rise. So even this great song contained a disappointment.
6303036570|5.0|The title is much more than I can say for some of the other mob movies I've seen.  This is one mob movie that will grab you by the heart and not let go until the final strains of &quot;You Are So Beautiful&quot; by Joe Cocker in the credits.<br />Al Pacino may very well be one of the greatest speakers that Hollywood has ever seen in the 20th century.  You get to see more performances like this in movies such as &quot;Scent of a Woman&quot; and &quot;Devil's Advocate.&quot;  The film opens of course with Pacino's character, Carlito Brigante, being shot by Benny Blanco from the Bronx (John Leguizamo) just as he's about to board a train to Miami with his girlfriend Gail (Penelope Ann Miller).  The rest of the movie is all Carlito's, as he tells us exactly what happened from the time he got out of prison up to this point.<br />The tragic life of Carlito Brigante, his desperate attempts to get out of the crime business, his fleeing from friends-turned enemies, and his being saddled with a cocaine-addicted attorney (Sean Penn)cause me to sympathize with his fate at the end of the movie.  He didn't ask for his life to end that way, but at the same time he's obviously intelligent enough to know that what goes around comes around.  He knew there would be a price to pay, but at the very least, henever lost sight of what was really important: his love for Gail and their unborn child.
0380002930|2.0|Why is everyone so obsessed with this book? Let's see, it's nearly five hundred pages and covers the quest of - I lost count- some rabbits hoping to establish a new warren. Okay, sounds bearable, right? It takes 120 pages just to get to that point. They go through all these trials and tribulations while setting up and getting situated, on and on and on. By the time I reached the end, (it took some serious self-motivation,) I felt confused. After all the hype, all the wonderful things everyone says, this book is a sham. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone unless they had read every other book in the world and were desperate for reading material. (like me) This is the most dissappointing book I think I've ever read.
B000003BDJ|5.0|IF YOU LOVE CLASSIC ROCK AND ROLL AS I DO..THEN IT IS IMPRERATIVE THAT YOU GET THIS ALBUM...MOST OF THE STONES BEST SONGS ARE INCLUDED HERE...MY PERSONAL FAVES ARE &quot;GET OF OFF MY CLOUD&quot;, &quot;STREET FIGHTING MAN&quot; AND OF COURSE &quot;WILD HORSES&quot;...THE ONLY THING THAT WOULD HAVE MADE THIS ALBUM EVEN BETTER WAS IF IT INCLUDED &quot;TUMBLING DICE&quot; AND &quot;ANGIE&quot;..BUT THE ALBUM IS STILL ESSENTIAL LISTENING.
6304595247|5.0|Okay, okay, okay. So I was drawn in by the stud factor of Ralph Fiennes, but let me tell you, I left feeling aroused, exploited, in love, in hate. This is an incredibly well acted and superb television film. If you have even a tiny bit of masochism in your blood, you'll end up fantasizing about the delectable Mr. Fiennes (Heathcliffe in this case) commanding, if you move, I shall kick you! The gothic settings are romantic and frightening, cold, yet warmed by the characters fantastic acting. You must see this film. In my oppinion, the best version of Wuthering Heights.
0060974176|4.0|The book was written in 1990 and most of the research was done in the mid-80s.  The author is full of ideas on how lean production will save and revolutionize the world auto industry, but I'm interested to find out what's happened since then.  One thing I find most interesting is that the author is particularly charmed by Toyota's use of many platforms and their economic feasibility due to their lean production techniques.  This was true in the late 80s and early 90s, but was completely done away with until their recent SUV explosion, for the very reason that it was cost ineffective and nobody was buying their unnecessarily diverse models.  At any rate, a good book, especially for one who has never heard of lean production before (such as I).  I would really enjoy another book that gets more technically specific.
B00005B36H|5.0|What an amazing experience..listening to the almost 80 minutes this album has to offer of superb music simply shows you how much effort these guys have put here. Just the drums alone are enough to see that these guys are great! It requires more than one listen to really appreciate it. I really wish more people would learn to have a longer attention span and appreciate all the music Lateralus has to offer. Sure it not as good as Aenima (nothing beats that!) but miles better than Undertow, that doesnt make this album anything less than a masterpiece. Five years were well worth the wait.
B0000524CY|4.0|Of all the horror movies that I've seen, this would have to be the most disturbing. It wasn't because of the special effects nor the idea of the little girl being enslaved by a demon, but because they seemed to go WELL beyond the limits.<br />Growing up, I'd only seen the TV version until recently. Watching the ... scene along with what was being said gave me chills! I had to cut it off. It disturbs me because of all the things that they dared to do in the film. If you are religious in the slightest and believe in God and Satan, you'll understand after watching this.<br />Some people laugh at this movie not realizing that this movie is almost 30 years old. If only they had a version WITHOUT the ... scene....    I can deal with everything else.
0783223218|5.0|Usually, we associate Bruce Willis with the many and varied good guy roles he has played, like John McLane in the &quot;Die Hard&quot; trilogy or Harry, the mission commander in &quot;Armageddon&quot;. <br />Not so with his title role in &quot;The Jackal&quot;.  <br />It was incredibly surprising to me to see the lengths he goes to in order to avoid being captured by Sidney Poitier and Diane Venora, with help from Richard Gere, the only other man who can identify the Jackal.  This is one guy you do not want to mess with.  <br />I'm willing to bet that playing this role was a nice change for Willis.  The fun that he's having portraying this monster is frightneningly evident in several scenes. <br />Not only that, Gere's character is a criminal as well....but I guess there really is a kernal of truth to that old expression, &quot;the lesser of two evils.&quot;
B0000074GK|5.0|The debut from a seemingly criminally underated hard rock band. As a fan of Led Zep, Van Halen, Thin Lizzy, etc, this album blew me away, literally from the opening chords. As far as i can see Thunder have all the elements of classic rock, skilled musicianship, great sounding vocalist, brilliant song writing and above all a collection of monstrous guitar riffs. Check out She's so Fine and Until my Dying Day and you'll hear what i'm talking about. Beyond this there is a slight hint of intelligence and irony behind the lyrics (mostly supplied by guitarist Luke Morley), and that all important element of restraint, which make the band more likeable than banal shredders  for whom &quot;sex drugs and rock and roll&quot; is not only their lifestyle but their entire vocabulary. There's is a mature approach.  I don't mean to paint these guys out as a math rock outfit, though. They may be mature but the job in hand is playing hard rock and they rise to the challenge with just the requisite amount of immaturity! The result is an album's worth of unforgettable riffs and rocking solos (which won't damage your IQ no matter how many listens)which can confidently be called one of the best records of the genre. There a few slow numbers but the passion and feeling of these boys prevent them from descending into that sickening realm of the power ballad; they sound instead geunuinly moving and sincere, and are pretty damn listenable. It seems to me that perhaps the maturity of this great hard rock band is what has prevented them getting the recognition which would be otherwise merited by their brilliant performance and repertoire, their fan base being largely restricted to those who can appreciate them (i've heard americans don't get irony - that might be the problem). On the flipside this lack of huge success - and the ego inflation that usual follows - might be what has kept the band's approach consistently strong.    At the end of the day the acid test is the quality of the songs and some of my all time favourites can be found herein. Hard rock fans need this record, and everything else by Thunder. Basically, i love them like a brother........
0553106635|2.0|I liked the first book a lot.  I even liked book two to a degree.  Martin has a real nack for getting you deeply attached to the characters and he does have a very complex storyline. (Almost too complex) The main reason why I've givin this book two stars is because books are supposed to be entertaining, not depressing.  When you've been enthralled with a character for over 2,500 pages and just out of the blue he or she or them (Most likely all of them) continually get killed it's very depressing.  I understand that this book is supposed to be real.(as in the hero's arn't unbeatable and god like) but you can't kill every... one of them.(Where's the hope?)  I got to the point where I just wanted to rip the book in two and burn it.  Maybe I'll buy the next one.  We still have a character or 2 I like to kill and for another... and 900 some pages it should be just a hoot-n-nanny to watch another hero die.
B0000074GK|5.0|The debut from a seemingly criminally underated hard rock band. As a fan of Led Zep, Van Halen, Thin Lizzy, etc, this album blew me away, literally from the opening chords. As far as I can see Thunder have all the elements of classic rock, skilled musicianship, great sounding vocalist, brilliant song writing and above all a collection of monstrous guitar riffs. Check out She's so Fine and Until my Dying Day and you'll hear what I'm talking about. Beyond this there is a slight hint of intelligence and irony behind the lyrics (mostly supplied by guitarist Luke Morley), and that all important element of restraint, which make the band more likeable than banal shredders  for whom \\"sex drugs and rock and roll\\" is not only their lifestyle but their entire vocabulary. There's is a mature approach.  I don't mean to paint these guys out as a math rock outfit, though. They may be mature but the job in hand is playing hard rock and they rise to the challenge with just the requisite amount of immaturity! The result is an album's worth of unforgettable riffs and rocking solos (which won't damage your IQ no matter how many listens)which can confidently be called one of the best records of the genre. There a few slow numbers but the passion and feeling of these boys prevent them from descending into that sickening realm of the power ballad; they sound instead geunuinly moving and sincere, and are pretty damn listenable. It seems to me that perhaps the maturity of this great hard rock band is what has prevented them getting the recognition which would be otherwise merited by their brilliant performance and repertoire, their fan base being largely restricted to those who can appreciate them (I've heard americans don't get irony - that might be the problem). On the flipside this lack of huge success - and the ego inflation that usual follows - might be what has kept the band's approach consistently strong.    At the end of the day the acid test is the quality of the songs and some ofmy all time favourites can be found herein. Hard rock fans need this record, and everything else by Thunder. Basically, I love them like a brother........
1563523302|2.0|Well after reading the introduction and the first two chapters, throw the book away.  After the first couple of chapters all the book does is repeat ideas the reader has already been informed of the book should be fifty pages, and not 250!
B000056NX5|5.0|I originally purchased this version of JCS out of curiosity. Being closely attatched to Norman Jewison's film, but having an open mind, I popped the disc in. I was hooked within a minute.<br />The action that takes place during the Overture shocked me. Why weren't they unloading a bus (as in Jewison's version)??? By the time Judas (Pradon) walked into the picture and through Christ (Carter)'s shadow, I knew this version was a marvel in its own right.<br />Admittedly, it took several viewings for many voices (Pradon, Johanson, Carter) to grow on me. What do you expect for someone who was raised with Neeley screeching &quot;All Right, I'll Die!&quot;. Fred Johanson, who played Pilate, annoyed me at first when he repeatedly spoke/bellowed lyrics.<br />But the acting, I found, suits the styles very well. Gale Edwards has one up on Jewison in her version--- the stage works more for this opera than the dusty location shots. The close ups are more &quot;watchable&quot; in Edwards's JCS. The 70's players are simply too greasy! Remaining true to the original version, the music flows continuously, keeping the story moving and not halting like in the 70's film.<br />The update also has the advantage of a better sound. Whereas Jewison's movie has a quiet, unbalanced soundtrack, Edwards enjoys a full-sounding score.<br />Overall, this newest version is superior because it is funner to watch. The singers aren't the best, but the package is superb!
1878574590|5.0|The first SIN CITYgraphic novel is one of the best, Miller gives us an antisocial brute named Marv as his protagonist and actually makes him interesting.The violene ,though bizarre attimes,is well staged and not merely there to shock us.He also uses his first novel in the series to  set Basin city up as an iconic place; I see it as literally being a city of sin or hell on earth so very little of what conventionally would be called good would exist there. Sometimes Miller stretches the  iconic  nature of his milieu and it degenerates into nihilsm as in BIG FAT KILL but this book avoids that. It is both reasonable that Marv gets revenge and is punished for his vigilantism which lacks the heroic elements that Hartigan and Wallace display in later SIN CITY novels. A GREAT COMICS NOVEL!
0060392886|5.0|This book was one of the best books i've read in a long time...You couldn't wait to turn the page to see what trouble they would get in next..Whether it be sex, drugs or trying to play music, they did it all..I'm actually not sure how they did make such good music, I take one asprin and i'm wasted..these guys did every drug on the planet, and then some..but there music stands the test of time, and i'm now an even bigger fan.. It takes a real man to tell the truth and this book really tells it like it is...GREAT WORK to all of you....
0930289331|5.0|Frank Miller does one of his best writing jobs in BATMAN YEAR ONE. It lacks the epic sweep and iconic power of DARK KNIGHT but its gritty noirish  mileu make it  similiar to something thatChandler would have done. Mazzacchuelli uses a simple clean art style that compliments Miller's writing perfectly even though this is clearly Frank's show. First rate superhero comics!
0553345834|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book and go back to it periodically and read sections. I think McCormick breaks everything down in a no-nonsense way. This is great for most things, but be on your guard. For example, McCormick says he runs his life by a series of legal pads with a line drawn down the middle: one page for each day, people to call on one side and things to do on the other side. I think some people might find that useful (and I used it for a while) but it is a little too simplistic. You can get a better feel for time management by reading Stephen Covey and Peter Drucker.<br />This is a good book for those running a division, a product line, or even a small company. One problem here is that McCormick doesn't realize that selling for him, a guy with contacts that make huge amounts of money, is a little different than those of us that have to beat the bushes to sell -- and establish those contacts. This isn't a book on sales, even though he has a section on it.<br />Get this book and his second edition and you have a start on a general management library. Your library isn't complete, however, without Stephen Covey's major works, some of Peter Druckers books, and maybe a tell all by one of the executives you like -- Iaccoca for example. But don't read Tom Peters.
B000002UC5|5.0|This is McCartney's most daring and, therefore, compelling record. Whereas later projects became increasingly pop so as to be bubble gum, as on Band on The Run, Flaming Pie or songs such as Ebony and Ivory or Let 'Em In, his debut album is rough-hewn, interestingly unfinished and raw. This usually makes for brilliance in rock music, as albums such as Tom Waits's &quot;Bone Machine&quot; or Stones's &quot;Exile on Mainstreet&quot; testify. Speaking of Waits, there is no doubt that Waits's bluesy, lounge-like rockabilly sound was influenced partly by &quot;Valentine Day.&quot;<br />Some of McCartney's most captivating and varied guitar work appears here, from the hypnotic acoustic rhythms on Lovely Linda to the blues guitar of Oo You. The rhythms here are unforgettable and instantly engaging, an effect that is pounded home by the eerie yet immediately accessible groove, &quot;Momma Miss America.&quot; This is not the pop-drunk McCartney the world came to know later, but a McCartney letting loose his post-Beatles tension and angst on a collection of masterfully under-produced tracks. Of course, despite his experimentation on this record, he could not resist the temptation of his brilliance at crafting legendary pop ballads, as is evident on the brilliant &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed,&quot; which only overshadows the rest of the album because it is its most predictable track. That is not to say that the song is not worthy, it most certainly is one of Paul's best, but the real treat on McCartney is a kind of musical chivalry which he had rarely explored with the Beatles (The White-Album being one possible exception) and, unfortunately, rarely revisited.
0553278223|5.0|The Martian Chronicles is, in many ways, one of science fiction's most important novels. It's deemed an essential read on almost all notable lists, is the book that broke Bradbury into the mainstream, and was the single most widely read SF book during the 1950's. This book is not a novel per se, but rather a collection of separately linked stories that chronicle, in about as many ways as you can imagine, Man's experiences with Mars, hence the title. Though it covers a span of time from 1999-2026, it is, like all great SF, a commentary on the times in which it was written, rather than the times it is set in. This book is a startling example of human folly. In contrast to much science fiction (from The War of the Worlds onward) the Martians in Bradbury's universe are calm, peaceful, and dreamlike (for the most part, anyway) rather than vicious and malicious. This book shows how humans-arrogant, self-righteous, and irrespectful-can and probably will ruin a beautiful, peaceful planet through ignorance and lack of respect. Also in the book are situations depicting ways in which other races we meet in space may react to us. I found these situations to be highly original and imaginative, sometimes we fail to realize that there are other ways for them to react besides peaceful, cooperative tranquility and war. Sprinkled throughout the seriousness of the stories mentioned above, are lighter, somewhat comical tales that liven up the pace a bit. Through fictional situations, this book also manages to comment on such issues as racism, slavery, social life, marriage, etc. A highly interesting read. Though it is a short read (less than 200 pages) it feels like an epic. By the time you are done with the book, you will feel like you have witnessed a saga, a great work of art, a feeling that few books indeed, much less ones this short, manage to accomplish. The last two stories in the book are startling in their differences. There Will Come Soft Rains is an utterly believable, highly pessimistic, and ultimately thought-provoking piece of work followed by The Million Year Picnic, a contrastly optimistic, hopeful story. These two situations are beautiful in their contrast and a fitting ending to a wonderful book.
B00004XONN|5.0|As a fan of Radiohead for years, even before MTV had discovered them, I was initially a bit shocked by this album.  I have every Radiohead album and a few imports, and this one definately breaks into new territory.  But at the same time it embodies the qualities that makes Radiohead an excellent band.  My advice is to give the album a few listens.  If initially you don't like it, it will grow on you, until you are in love with it. Trust me on this.  I've been listening to Kid A just about everyday now for months, and it's excellent.  Contrary to what has been said, Radiohead didn't create this album to alienate fans or revolutionize a genre.  It's refreshing to see a band consistantly put out great albums without becoming repetitive or boring.  Fans may also want to order Amnesiac, which is hitting stores in June and can be pre-ordered on amazon.  I've listened to the upcoming album a few times and its outstanding as well.
B00005B6N7|4.0|As an ex-submariner myself, I very much enjoyed this movie.  I wouldn't say the acting was the greatest, but the underwater photography was excellent and the action kept you on the edge of your seat.  By the way, this movie doesn't claim to be the true story of capturing the Enigma, so stop griping about &quot;inaccurate history&quot; folks.  It's just a movie!
B000024D4R|3.0|OK, so I'm no Floyd guru, but Wish You Were Here was superb, I fell in love with Dark Side of the Moon, and wanted The Wall to have my babies. <br />Yet, Animals disappoints me musically. Forget the lyrics for a moment (I know, I know, that would be heresy, but humour me): somehow the sound just doesn't have the same depth. I played it three times before mournfully consigning it to the CD tower in the &quot;back bedroom&quot;. The other three Floyd masterpieces remain in my car. If you've got other Floyd albums, or you want to read it like a book, or you prefer the acoustic to the electric guitar, well, maybe you should give it a try. But don't click on &quot;buy now&quot; if this is your first Floyd purchase.
B00000JY1X|5.0|..........and I own hundreds. The best part of 69 Love Songs??? That's a tough one allright. Is it the blissful romantics of &quot;The Luckiest Guy On The Lower East Side&quot; or is it the nostalgic &quot;Busby-Berkeley Dreams&quot;, the all-too-wise &quot;Crazy For You (But Not That Crazy)&quot; or is it the melancholy epic that is &quot;Papa Was a Rodeo&quot;??? I wont be the judge, you go buy this album, all of you, then you'll be the judge. Anyone who wants to share life and opinions-especially in regard to Stephin Merrit- with me, a carefree dane of 22 years, do contact me
B000001ZS4|2.0|As a teenager, I listened to Jean-Michel Jarre's music endlessly. My first concert was one of his, and anyone else's work was, well, just not worth listening to. Equinoxe was then, and remains, his best work.<br />So why only two stars? Well, in retrospect, I can now see that I fawned over my JMJ tapes not because they were good, but because I didn't know any better. The reality is that anyone with a decent synth and editor could cobble this kind of stuff together in their back bedroom. You can't even say it was ahead of its time, as plenty of other artists were using the technology.<br />The best track is probably #5, which opens with the crack of thunder and downpour of rain. It's a shame the rest of the album isn't more ambient or I might still have been listening to it.
B000002UCQ|4.0|After a decade of playing Lennon-McCartney tunes while most of his material gathered dust, Harrison burst at the seams and out came ALL THINGS MUST PASS, a great, though flawed, album.<br />Any album with a song as majestic and flawless as \\"My Sweet Lord\\" can't be too bad. There are a batch of classics (\\"What Is Life,\\" \\"If Not For You\\" (co-penned with Bob Dylan), \\"Awaiting On You All,\\" and the gorgeous title-tune; and near-classics (\\"I'd Have You Anytime,\\" \\"Wah-Wah,\\" \\"Isn't It A Pity\\").<br />Harrison layered his own voice over and over on this LP, constructing heavenly choirs and Beach Boys-quality backing vocals. The acoustic numbers are intimate, the rockers are big. 3/4 of this album is fantastic.<br />The flaws, though, are large and ugly. ALL THINGS MUST PASS was a triple-LP that could easily have been trimmed to a double disc. The \\"jams\\" on the second CD were the problem, really just long roars of self-indulgence, they leave a bad taste in your mouth for hours after listening.<br />Still, ALL THINGS MUST PASS is a classic, and well worth the cover price. The good things on this CD are the best things Harrison did post-Beatles.
B000002KAT|5.0|I initially gave this album only three stars but have gained a much greater appreciation of it only after several years.  At first listen, the arrangements sound sloppy, the songs lengthy and simplistic, often switching back and forth between two chords for 6-7 minutes.  After a while, though, something amazing happens:  it begins to get in your head.  \\"Moondance\\" may be more musically polished, but for raw emotional power, you can't beat Astral Weeks.
B000059Z8J|5.0|The quality of the picture and sound will blow you away. It looks like it was filmed yesterday. I have no idea how they pulled this off, but the result makes you feel like you're watching it for the first time.<br />My 5 star rating is not for the movie it's self but for the quality of this DVD based on it's price and features. Superman the movie is a classic, but not my favorite in the series. Had I been judging for the film alone, I would have given it 3 stars. Chances are if you're buying it you've seen this before. The restoration work is beautiful, the bonus material is great, the added material is somewhat frustrating at times. It's obvious why they cut many of these scenes.
B000051S44|4.0|I watched this movie with my wife and realized its very short on dialoge, but the movie is full of 917 action with camera angles, for the time that the film was made, that are very exciting and dramatic. My wife says no plot, but as a Porsche owner and racing enthusisit it fits my bill perfectly.
B00005B36H|3.0|I picked this album up the day it came out, and i was really somewhat disappointed though i wanted to like it. I think Aenima was edited better, and that a lot of the material included in Lateralus is excess. I didn't have the patience to listen to the entire album in one sitting. It seemed too much like a continuation of Aenima, yet at the same time it felt like Tool had regressed. This new album isn't whole. It seems like they wanted to say more, but crammed what they did have onto a single disk, resulting in a prelude of sorts.
6305558167|4.0|I bought the Excalibur DVD on a bit of whim, having seen it a few years back and remembering that I had enjoyed it.  I first watched the movie in the commentary mode, with John Boorman speaking.  He started off a bit stilted, but as the movie progressed, he began to loosen up and to speak freely.  <br />I am extremely glad that I watched the movie with the commentary, as I learned many fascinating bits of information, such as the importance of the green light reflecting off the knight's armor in some scenes, man's relationship to nature, etc.  Not only did Boorman provide lots of information about the shots and camera work, but he discussed many of the themes and underlying meanings behind the story.  It made the movie that much more fascinating to me, and I particularly enjoyed Boorman's wit as he related several amusing stories about the cast (especially his fascination with Helen Mirren's &quot;large bosom&quot;).<br />Another part of the commentary that struck me was Boorman's pointing out of the very simple effects which they employed.  In the advent of the digital age (and particularly after the release of the new &quot;Star Wars,&quot; in which the special effects seemed to override the plot), I have really come to appreciate the simple beauty of creative effects, sans computer.  The effects in Excalibur are not dated, but timeless, and they do not, in any way, distract from the story or the characters.<br />It made Excalibur - already one of my favorite movies - that much more meaningful to me.  John Boorman's commentary is invaluable, and for anyone who likes the movie to begin with, it will add greatly to your enjoyment to listen to Boorman's words.  If you already have the video, I highly recommend purchasing the DVD just for Boorman's commentary.<br />In brief summary: Excalibur is a timeless classic, competently acted and shot in some of the most beautiful scenery that I've ever seen.  It stays true to the legend of Arthur, without any of the ridiculous&quot;re-inventing&quot; that movie-makers are so prone to falling back upon (&quot;The Patriot,&quot; anyone?).  I recommend it for anyone who is interested in Arthurian legend, or who loves fantasy.
B00004WKII|5.0|Jimi Hendrix is first and foremost a blues musician.  Although at times rough, these four CD's help show the soul of the guitar player that may have been lost in his early studio recordings.  For me, the live recordings along with the early demos are the most exciting tracks in the anthology.  The early versions of &quot;Room full of mirrors&quot; and &quot;Bold as Love&quot; are really good and concentrate on Hendrix's ability to play rhythm guitar; all those years on the chitlin' circuit show on these CDs, and leave the listener wishing that Hendrix could have stayed alive if only to complete his opus, First Rays of the New Rising Sun.
B0000009SG|5.0|This is a timeless and classic album. From &quot;Camarillo Brillo&quot; to &quot;Montana&quot; this is just about as classic as it gets. If you're new to Zappa, this is the place to start! Searing guitar and ridiculous lyrics only sweeten the pot. Listen to this turned up LOUD, and have a care with prudes. ps. (this is one of the funniest records you will ever hear)
B00000IPAX|5.0|This CD kicks butt.  It is so fun for any mood!  These guys are absolutely hilarious.  They really opened the doors for punk rock.  But beware, this is not background music.  If you're going to listen to it, you have to listen to it FULL BLAST.  Even though it is parental advisory, only a few of the songs have cuss words.  This CD is wonderful!  Buy it now!
B000002WYT|4.0|This is a fabulous cd. The band's sound is upbeat and refreshing, and just about every song is a pleasure to listen to. The use of violin and sax creates a jazz-rock feel that keeps the music bright and refreshing. The best songs on the cd are probably &quot;So Much to Say,&quot; &quot;Crash Into Me,&quot; &quot;#41,&quot; and &quot;Tripping Billies.&quot; Pay close attention to the bass line on &quot;Crash Into Me-&quot; it's simple, but beautiful. As good as this cd is, i found 2 problems with it. first of all, just about every song is too long. They seem to drag on a bit, and they can get very repetitious- one song runs over 9 minutes without making much progression musically. The second problem is the song &quot;Let You Down.&quot; It's slow, it's dull, and it doesn't even have a gorgeous melody like the other mellow songs. If you buy the cd, just skip over the track. So, I would recommend this cd to just about anyone- disregarding &quot;Let you down,&quot; the only setback is the ridiculous length of the songs- but it shouldn't bother you too much. At least they're long good songs, and not short bad ones.
0780631684|5.0|When I put this movie in, I was expecting just another stupid teen horror flick, like the faculty or the scream series.  And it was for the first 10 minutes- an overuse of suspenseful music without any suspense, pathetic fallacy, and a shallow plot.  Then it started to get better.  This movie was very unpredictable at times, and I suprisingly enjoyed it.  It is a movie that can actually scare you, unlike most teen horror flicks, and is a smart movie with a plot to it.  Do yourself a favor and see this movie- possibly the first smart teen horror movie...
0140072187|5.0|I rarely give books 5 stars, but this is one that really deserves any accolades it gets. Mason gives you a feel for flying as he takes you through how to fly a chopper with the aide of excellent diagrams, which i referred back to nearly all through the book. The real interest is in his descriptions of flying in combat, whether evacuating wounded or flying into 'hot zones'. It brings you into the action as much as any book can. This is not comic book fiction. This is a man's story of his war, and what a war it was!!!
0375501851|4.0|Without knowing the age of the author (I didn't read ANY reviews), I considered it a well written piece of modern work, a bit like a soap with &quot;bite&quot;- sorry. Amazing for such a young writer, great visualization, good plot twists(&amp; knots),an expressive feel for cultural identity-with sympathetic handling, would be good fare for the big (or in series) or small screen.
6303203272|5.0|I have an entire library full of exercise videos, and this tape by far has the best ab routine.  I use the ab portion of this tape anywhere from 3-6 times a week, and I can still feel the burn during each workout. The glute portion of the tape works well, but the ab portion literally can't be beat. I highly recommend this tape for great results.
B000002JSJ|5.0|This has to be the most underrated album by Zeppelin.  However, it's probably my personal favorite.<br />It starts off with the epic &quot;Achilles Last Stand&quot;, which to me, is probably one of the best songs by LZ.  &quot;For Your Life&quot;, another heavy blues/rock song will make your windows shatter if you turn it up loud enough!  &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot; showcases more diversity for the band, and will rock the house at any volume!<br />&quot;Presence&quot; showcases Plant's voice more than any other LZ album, as his famous &quot;moaning&quot; voice is prevalent throughout.<br />Buy it, and wear it out!
B00000JGHM|5.0|This movie is no less then 10 stars for the simple reason cuz I said so.
B000002JSP|5.0|Just like on LZ III, they come out with an album that changes directions from the previous albums, although this album is better than LZ III.<br />There are many hardcore Zep fans who don't like this album.  I really can't see why.  Zeppelin changed their style a little to go with the times, but it still contains some really great music.  Added to this album is more synthesizers, which gives the band more depth.  It's in this album that you can hear Plant's voice giving out a bit.  Although this album was recorded in 1979, Plant's voice here sounds more like it does these days.<br />It's very sad to listen to this album, knowing that it's the last one recorded, and that Bonzo will pass on shortly after its release.  But the music is great, and it's classic Zeppelin.<br />R.I.P. Bonzo.  We miss you.
B000002UQJ|4.0|This album comes so close to being a true McCartney classic like &quot;Band On The Run&quot; or &quot;Ram&quot;. It starts off well with the title track, Off The Ground, which features a tough guitar sound that Paul usually wouldn't apply to this type of catchy melody.  From there, the album rolls right into &quot;Looking For Changes&quot;, a powerful piece denouncing laboratory testing and cruelty to animals. The guitar work sounds great and Paul's vocal is excellent. The following tune is &quot;Hope Of Deliverance&quot;, is a gem. It has a mid-sixties Beatles' sound to it and could easily have fit into any of their albums from that time. It should have been a more successful single, but the critics seem to hold Paul's recordings to unreachable standards (for anyone). The song enjoyed some commercial success anyway. &quot;Mistress And Maid&quot; is a song co-written with Elvis Costello. The song starts off great, but goes in a direction that you wouldn't expect these two guys to go. It loses my interest. Unhappily married women might think it's wonderful, though. &quot;I Owe It All To You&quot; is a nice soft ballad that you would neither love nor hate. It's obviously a song to Linda. &quot;Biker Like An Icon&quot; is interesting, and it sends a strong message. Paul picked up on some curious themes on this album. Paul's incredible ability to come up with melody after melody is evident all throughout this album, and he really shines again with &quot;Peace In The Neighborhood&quot;. It's such a well written, good feeling song in which he seems to be reflecting back on his sixties experience. &quot;Golden Earth Girl&quot; loses me completely. The tune is nice, but I can't relate to what he was thinking here- &quot;fish in a sunbeam, eggshell finish?&quot; He might have been trying to write a companion piece for &quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot;, but he doesn't capture any of the greatness of it here. &quot;The Lover's That Never Were&quot; is another song co-written with Elvis Costello, and it's quite good. &quot;Get Out Of My Way&quot; is a great &quot;cruisin' on the highway&quot; tune, and leaves you wanting more. Paul confidently sings, &quot;I don't need anybody to tell me how to be right!&quot;-and he certainly doesn't. &quot;Winedark Open Sea&quot; leaves you wanting a little less. The song actually makes you feel like you're drifting off because it goes on too long. &quot;C'mon People&quot; wakes you back up and finishes the album on a strong, positive, high note. Another well crafted, well played song from this band that Paul put together for his two major world tours. The band deserves a lot of credit for the quality of music on this album. The thing that could have made this album a McCartney classic, would have been the inclusion of the songs that appeared on the &quot;Hope Of Deliverance&quot; single. &quot;Long Leather Coat&quot; is an excellent rocker, that could have made this a real party album. The other songs, &quot;Kicked Around No More&quot;, a great bluesy ballad, and &quot;Big Boys Bickering&quot;, a song which sends a nice message to the politicians of the world, should have been included here. These are better songs than &quot;Golden Earth Girl&quot; and certainly would have been an improvement over &quot;Mistress And Maid&quot; or &quot;Winedark Open Sea&quot;.
B000002J09|5.0|LZ goes back to the format they used in the first 2 albums, and provides plenty of straight-up rock and roll.  Considered by many to be their best album, every song is excellent.  The album begins with the well-known rocker &quot;Black Dog&quot;, and ends with the heavily layered &quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot;.  In between, we have their most popular song &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, as well as some of their more well-known songs &quot;Rock And Roll&quot;, &quot;The Battle of Evermore&quot;, and &quot;Going to California&quot;.<br />Another must-buy for the Zep fan.
6305909326|5.0|Depp and Langela are at their best in this thriller.  The plot is facinating and revealed at a slow, steady pace.  At last the pieces all come together and you KNOW there is big trouble ahead.  Wonderful script, excellent acting!
B000002J1U|4.0|LZ took a completely different approach with LZ III.  Although the first song &quot;The Immigrant Song&quot; keeps in step with the first 2 albums, the rest of the album's songs are of a completely different nature, including more of a &quot;country&quot; sound with &quot;Tangerine&quot; and &quot;Bron-Y-Aur Stomp&quot;.<br />It's not better or worse, just different, and further showcases LZ's diverse music.
630575067X|5.0|What can I say except that this film does not equal up to the first three.One reason may be because too much computer effects George should have done it the old fassioned way,but the computer effects are great don't get me wrong I mean they were good enough for an Oscar nomination.This is also the first time that John Williams was not nominated for a best original score for the Star Wars series why?I have no idea.Anyway this film is very good I mean maby its because its the beginning of it all and so things are gonna be very different and some people may not like it for that but i don't know,but anyway this is a must see...I myself thaught it was very good and we should certainly keep Jar Jar Binks.
B000002J03|5.0|What LZ started in their first album, they certainly continued it here.  While the first album was more bluesy, LZ II is more straight-up rock and roll, but also contains some blues.  Also contained in LZ II is the song &quot;Thank You&quot;, a slow ballad which showcases the diversity of the band.<br />Although this is not my all-time favorite album by Zep, I will say that EVERY song on the album is excellent.  I would probably rate this as my 2nd or 3rd choice for best album by LZ.
B00005J73X|1.0|Song Selection was decent.  A double live may be more fitting if one was trying to actually see what a Bon Jovi show is like live.  The few b-sides they took sounded much better and much rawer than the over polished, redubbed many times, &quot;live&quot; versions here on the cd.  Do yourself a favor and find the bootlegs for these shows and the import singles for a true Bon Jovi experence.
B000002J0B|4.0|LZ continues to show its diversity with &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot;, with songs going all over the musical spectrum.  The album ends with another classic rocker, &quot;The Ocean&quot;.<br />Not one of my favorite Zep albums, but definitely a good album nonetheless.
B00005BJ2O|3.0|For those wishing to hear more top 10 hits from such bilboard faves as christina aguliera, lil' kim, mya, and pink, they will be sadly dissapointed, as it's the only radio song on here.  For a fan, however, who wishes to dig deeper for the inspiration and unique styling to the soundtrack of moulin rouge, they'll have a fun little ride.  <br />The soundtrack for Moulin Rouge is grounded in classic british pop/rock music with some eighties material mixed in, all done with broadway flare.  It's like the opposite of what Baz Luhrmann did on Romeo And Juliet - taking a classic story and putting in a modern context.  Here, Luhrman takes modern elements of society (specifically music, as heard here) and puts them in a surreal context of the past. <br />Upon first listening to some of the songs, Luhrman's work might sound outlandish and outrageous.  For the most part, it works.  Nicole Kidman proves she can belt out a tune with the fun take on Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend and Material Girl on &quot;Sparkling Diamonds,&quot; and Ewan MacGregor does a very credible rendition of Elton John's &quot;Your Song,&quot; with a voice that sounds a bit like Elton John and a bit like Robbie Williams.  &quot;El Tango De Roxanne&quot; might be a bit much and will incite a little laughter while hearing a gravely vocal on the Police's &quot;Roxanne.&quot;  But you can't argue that it's sung well and the music, as fantastical as it is, sounds great.  <br />The highlight, of course, is MacGregor and Kidman's &quot;Elephant Song Medley,&quot; where they shift from many different popular songs about love including &quot;Pride (In The Name of Love),&quot; &quot;Just One Night,&quot; &quot;All You Need is Love,&quot; and &quot;Heroes.&quot;  It's so much fun hearing them do it, that it will bring any listener a quick smile.<br />The album probably suffers on its pop fare.  The lead single, &quot;Lady Marmelade,&quot; is easily disposable with all its pop talent stuffed into a loud cover song which suggests little of the substance of Moulin Rouge. Bowie's rendition of Nature Boy is good, though may seem dragging by his rather unemotional tone.  The Massive Attack mix found at the end adds a lot to the song.  Beck's cover of Bowie's Diamond Dogs is a good credible remake, but it doesn't have the daring spirit of the original, making it much &quot;safer&quot; version.  &quot;Children of the Revolution&quot; is probably one of the better songs, as Bono's soft spoken sinister vocal and high harmonies blended with the underated vocals of Gavin Friday pay good tribute to Bolan's classic.<br />Moulin Rouge is fantastic fun, and if you can ignore the album's forgettable moments and program your cd player right, you'll find Moulin Rouge has something for everyone.
B000002JEV|3.0|As a life-long Zep fan, I have to say that I have mixed feelings of this album.<br />It's nice to hear Zeppelin in its raw form.  However, the sound quality is not up to par for most of this album, which occasionally makes it difficult to listen to.<br />Nevertheless, if you want to hear early Zep, as well as several versions of some of their popular songs, this album should impress you.
0060392886|5.0|The Dirt gives the Motley Crue fanatic a real chance to glimpse into the minds of four of the craziest, excessive, creative, passionate, loving, dedicated, and impulsive rock stars on the planet.  These bad boys pull you into their world and let the fan experience the parties, girls, drugs, car crashes, deaths, divorces, rehab visits, and the numerous times of cheating death.  After reading this book you feel a genuine respect for these very real rock gods and wonder how in the hell they are all still alive (especially Nikki)!!!!!  This book is an absolute must for anyone who is intrigued by the sex, drugs, and Rock N Roll lifestyle.
B000002JSN|5.0|To me, this is not THE best album by Zep, but certainly it's close to the top!<br />The mix of songs on this CD is incredible!  Although to truly enjoy this album, you need to be a hard-core Zeppelin fan, as most of the songs are very long.<br />Included on this album is one of the best instrumentals I've ever heard, from ANY group - &quot;Bron-Y-Aur&quot;.
0060392886|5.0|The Dirt gives the Motley Crue fanatic a real chance to glimpse into the minds of four of the craziest, excessive, creative, passionate, loving, dedicated, and impulsive rock stars on the planet.  These bad boys pull you into their world and let the fan experience the parties, girls, drugs, car crashes, deaths, divorces, rehab visits, and the numerous times of cheating death.  After reading this book you feel a genuine respect for these very real rock gods and wonder how in the hell they are all still alive (especially Nikki)!!!!!  This book is an absolute must for anyone who is intrigued by the sex, drugs, and Rock N Roll lifestyle.
B00000IBVC|5.0|I'm just a country doctor from Iowa and opera isn't my thing.  My nine year old son doesn't like it either.  So how do you get the two of us to watch an Italian opera about a medieval Chinese princess and some nut who is so smitten by her that he risks his very head to win her love?  Get a wonderful orchestra under the baton of Zubin Mehta and combine it with the sublime voices of Giovanna Casolla, Sergej Larin, and Barbara Frittoli and the chorus of Maggio Musicale Fiorentino for starters.  Then recruit a thousand Chinese extras and perform the show in exquisite costumes at the Forbidden City of Beijing.  The result is one of the finest videos I have ever seen.  I am sure this will not be the last opera my son and I will see.  Pokemon move over; Back Street Boys get back stage; PUCCINI VINCIT!
B00005B36H|3.0|What happen??  This is a corporate, uninspired band trying to be Tool.  Mediocrity at its best...and mediocrity is death to art.
B0000028UK|5.0|Vs. is a rock album.  As far as I'm concerned, Pearl Jam made only two true rock albums.  Ten, and Vs.  The others are more expermimental with punk, pop, and folk.  Every song on this album is excellent.  The guitar, drums, and vocals are at their best here.  It is just a pure masterpiece.  <br />Go-9.5/10- What a way to open up an album.  This is just one hell of a rock song.  Eddie's vocals tear through the song, and a strong bass line backs it all up.  <br />Animal-10/10- Absolutely amazing rock song.  The vocals are just primal.  There's a sense of funk in this one.  There's a great guitar solo in here that shouldn't be passed up.  <br />Daughter-10/10- We've all heard this song.  The first acoustic song Pearl Jam ever did.  Great lyrics about child abuse and the solo really takes the cake.  This song also has a great outro.  <br />Glorified G-9/10- Another song with an almost funky sense.  Interesting guitar riff.  Great tongue in cheek lyrics about gun control.  <br />Dissident-10/10- Easily one of my favorite Pearl Jam songs ever.  Eddie's lyrics and vocals are just captivating.  There's a great lead riff and rythym riff in this song that perfectly blend to create a beautiful combination of power and melody.  Almost perfect.  <br />WMA-8/10- This is the album's only rough spot.  The song is too tribal and never gets going.  The only thing that really saves it is Eddie's mesmorizing vocal performance.  Overall though, I can't say anything too bad about this one, the lyrics are really great.  <br />Blood-9/10- This is one hell of a rock song.  The vocals are just awesome.  Easily the hardest song on the album.  The huge scream after the second chorus really jacks this one up.  Interesting guitar too!<br />Rearviewmirror-10/10- An absolutely excellent song.  Starts off as just a simple guitar riff and slowly grows into the mournful outro.  The vocals are just perfect.  Only Eddie Vedder can deliver a performance like that.  Great lyrics that paint a picture of someone leaving an abusive situation and finally being free of the shackles.  The guitar during the choruses and outro is just excellent.  This song is perfection.  <br />Rats-8.5/10- Cool song.  Tough act to follow though.  The lyrics are very cool, comparing the human race to rats.  Ed's vocals during the verses are cool, a really low growl.  Another cool guitar solo!<br />Elderly Woman-10/10- Beautiful and simple song.  Most people think of it as a song about meeting someone you remember, but I almost see it as a reflection of growing old and wishing you could be as free as you used to be.  Led by an acoustic riff by the way!<br />Leash-10/10- A thrilling song.  This is a seriously hard rock song.  I don't suppose it's perfect but I love the uplifting vibe.  <br />Indifference-10/10- This song never quite jumped out at me until I really listened to it.  It's now one of my favorite songs on this album.  Great calm vibe and lyrics about struggling to go on.  Beautiful.  <br />Pearl Jam would never repeat this album's excellence.  It is just a near work of perfection.  EXCELLENCE!
0385501560|5.0|Probably all the reviews you'll read for this book are going to be exuberant and massively enthusiastic. I'm going to try to keep this as level as possible, but the fact is that Choke is a fantastic read, wickedly funny and, though not heartbreaking, it often manages to touch a raw nerve. If you're looking for the same kind of jet-black humour present in his other books, you will not be at a loss here, as the humour springs from the page right from the very start as the author insists that you, the reader, should go and do something else. After all, you're not getting any younger. Time will tell if this author's work will be held in a high literary regard, but even if it isn't, this novel deserves to be read and appreciated for the sheer pleasure alone.
0807014265|5.0|I wish I read this 20 years ago, it would have created a whole new perspective on my life. I won't repeat what many of the other fine reviewers have mentioned, but will add the following:<br />According to Frankl, man's search for meaning is his primary motivation for life, not a secondary rationalization.<br />Existential Vacuum, in today's Modern Society, we all have basic food, and shelter, we all can survive (thank goodness we don't have to endure what Frankl had to), we are all comfortable in our existence, and yet this comfort creates boredom, and therefore, our search for meaning is even more compounded. Thus is what Frankl refers to as existential vacuum, we exist today day to day, but do so in a vacuum of existence, until we know our meaning.<br />Man should not ask what is the meaning of life, but rather BE asked. In response, man must answer in his responsible, to whom is he responsible to, to what, to whom?<br />True meaning is discovered in the world, not within man himself. Seek out your experiences, the meaning is out there in the world, not within yourself.<br />You cannot avoid untentional suffering, but you can change your attitude towards it, to give suffering a meaning to you.<br />Live your life as though you were living it the second time. View life as a series of movie frames, the ending and meaning may not be apparent until the very end of the movie, and yet, each of the hundreds of individual frames has meaning within the context of the whole movie.<br />View your life from your funeral, looking back at your life experiences, what have you accomplished? what would you have wanted to accomplish but didn't? what were the happy moments? what were the sad? what would you do again, and what you wouldn't? <br />A must read for anyone searching for a deeper meaning in life. The book won't give you the meaning, only you can, but it  will certainly help you get started.
0385501560|5.0|Probably all the reviews you'll read for this book are going to be exuberant and massively enthusiastic. I'm going to try to keep this as level as possible, but the fact is that Choke is a fantastic read, wickedly funny and, though not heartbreaking, it often manages to touch a raw nerve. If you're looking for the same kind of jet-black humour present in his other books, you will not be at a loss here, as the humour springs from the page right from the very start as the author insists that you, the reader, should go and do something else. After all, you're not getting any younger. Time will tell if this author's work will be held in a high literary regard, but even if it isn't, this novel deserves to be read and appreciated for the sheer pleasure alone.
0618135871|5.0|Phillip Roth has done it again - written a book that grabs an audience for multiple reasons, not the least of which is his frank sexual experiences dating back to Portnoy's Complaint, then manages to use his magnetic wrtier's tools to explore some of life's more major questions.  This short novel is a an interior conversation of a man growing old but still depending on the only badge of youth he has ever known - sexual performance.  Yes, his affairs with his students are less than appropriate.  Yes, he seems to make secondary any other encounter that might result in unveiling the presence of a scholarly mind.  But at the same time, Roth's main character grows closer to the inevitability of death as merely a part of the life cycle in his central alliance with a Cuban born beauty.  Not to destroy the twist that occurs in his obsession with corporal things, Roth finally makes this affair conclude with discovery that is sensitive and heartfelt.  &quot;The passage of time. We're in the swim, sinking in time, until we finally drown and go.&quot;  This book is filled with rich word pictures, philosophical flights of thought, and just plain fine writing.  Worth reading on many levels.
B000002H97|5.0|If you're into music PERIOD, you have to buy this Cd. Probably the most popular Metallica album ever, Gives you every song turned up x10. The Cd is a must have for a cd collection,and speaking as a musician, It is hard to think how and where Metallica wrote each of these songs. To think that they changed kinda to alternative after this album, This was their last album that was great from start to finish. But i have to give this album thanx for inspiring so many people to write music and for giveing people something that they will never get tired of.
0140186409|4.0|The Grapes of Wrath is John Steinbeck's classic novel about the Joad family of Oklahoma and their journey to California in search of a new life. The Joads are forced from their family farm due to the Dust Bowl crisis of the 1930s. Once their farm becomes unproductive, it is foreclosed on by the bank and the Joads are left homeless. Steinbeck's classic is a depressingly honest look at the poorest socioeconomic class of the Depression. As the Joads move West to California and then try to assimilate themselves into a land where their kind is unwelcome, Steinbeck often pauses to observe the larger picture of the desperate circumstances of life for the common American of that era. The Grapes of Wrath is a beautifully written novel about an ugly side of life. While it is heart-breakingly sad, readers will appreciate it as a classic because it is so vividly real. I think most will come away from this story with a deep appreciation of where the United States has come from.
B000002H33|5.0|This is probably my favorite Metallica album of all time and even though this kinda sounds repetitive, but it is a musical masterpiece. To me, this album combines the best elements of Metallica's music. If I were to make a personalized Metallica album, half of the songs would be from Master of Puppets. The classical piece at the beginning of BATTERY, is just a little way of saying, &quot;This Album Is Better Than the Classics.&quot; If you are A Metallica fan and dont have any of there albums, this is definately the first to buy.
B0000507R2|2.0|Tigerlily was one of the first 5.1-channel 96-kHz 24-bit DVD-Audio discs available and has good and bad parts.  Unfortunately, the bad is the really sloppy mix used.  The disc was originally intended for release in early 2000 but then DVD-Audio players were delayed due to copy protection issues.  Apparently none of this extra time was used to clean-up this version of Tigerlily.<br />Specificially, track 6 uses a *shorter* version of the song than on the CD and track 9 ends one note earlier than a it should.  But don't worry, that note appears at the beginning of track 10 just *after* two seconds of silence.  The vocal mix used it distorted in the center channel.  The video extras are not worth discussing.  The DVD-Audio disc is just a mess...<br />At the same time, the actual music is good and it is interesting to hear a 5.1 channel mix of the CD.  However, if you are looking for sonic quality, save your money and buy the CD instead.  It you buy this DVD-Audio disc, my suggestion is to turn down the center channel and ignore the missing parts of the songs.<br />P.S.  I tried this disc on three different brands of DVD-Audio players and the results were consistent.
B000005L86|5.0|Fisherman, open up the gate and ark of the covenant... unbelievably profound roots music.  The whole record is amazing but those are my three favorites.  Check out the vocal and bass effects on the dub of the ark.   Must be listened to L O U D for the full effect....
B000000T01|5.0|This video is AWESOME! Perhaps a bit choppy, but the full live performances coupled with the peeks into the life &amp; minds of the men behind the music through interviews &amp; clips of them backstage etc had to be &quot;chopped&quot; into the film somewhere....I think the producer did a phenominal job!<br />Don't miss seeing this title, you will NOT regret it!
B000002N2Z|5.0|I have all the Deftones albums but i just got this one today since they're are my favorite band. This disc is an instant classic. My favorite songs are &quot;Nosebleed&quot;,&quot;Bored&quot;,and &quot;Engine No. 9.&quot;It's kind of like Limp Bizkit's first album Three Dollar Bill Yall only the lead singer isn't a sell-out like Fred Durst.If you enjoy this album then pick up their sophmore album Around The Fur.
014028009X|4.0|An enjoyable read that is really funny. Bridget strikes me as an insecure, highly neurotic woman who is nearing her thirties looking for her perfect 'boyfriend'. Surrounded by her impossibly flighty mother who seems to have more fun at 60 than she is, friends who either married or in a rut like her, she tries so hard to be perfect by trying to diet, writing each experiences in her diary. She also has an on-then-off relationship with her boss that took an interesting turn in the end. All in all, this book should be read by both female and male so that both species will have an idea about the other party is actually thinkig about
B000002LKF|5.0|Rythm, rythm, and more rythym.<br />I think it's Simon's best album.<br />Intoxicating.<br />Exhuberant.<br />A friend of mine calls one of the tunes the &quot;pep ralley song,&quot; because that's the mood it, and much of this album, evoke.
B00005AQGH|5.0|There is no better CD than Makaveli- &quot;the Seven Day Theory&quot;... from Bomb First to Hail Mary to White Manz World to Hold Ya Head to Krazy.. this is Tupac's greatest CD and the apex of rap music... If I was stranded on a desert island THIS would be my CD FOR SURE.
0767836286|3.0|Perhaps it really was marketing that kept this film from being a success, and that's a shame. Jeff Bridges, a very underrated actor, is very good in this film about paranoia and conspiracies. Joan Cusack is also memorable. Overall, a great premise, solid execution, and remarkable conclusion.
B00005AQGH|5.0|There is no better CD than Makaveli- &quot;the Seven Day Theory&quot;... from Bomb First to Hail Mary to White Manz World to Hold Ya Head to Krazy.. this is Tupac's greatest CD and the apex of rap music... If I was stranded on a desert island THIS would be my CD FOR SURE.
6304698623|5.0|I love this film; it's one of my favorites - and I'm not even a child. I've read the book and seen three cinematic adaptations of it. This is the most beautiful one. Liesel Matthews is charming and believable. She isn't directed to be &quot;cute&quot; but to be strong of will.<br />I also like the variety of the adult characters. Too often in children's films, there are two kinds of adults: Oblivious parents and Mean Old Authority Figures. This movie has an attentive father, a wistful pushover, a kindly mystery man, a milkman lover ... even the &quot;evil schoolmistress&quot; has a human side that she denies.<br />This is really an intelligent movie that doesn't talk down to the audience. I was absorbed into Sara's world. Every time I watch it I cry, and I feel very good about life.
B00004WIBW|3.0|The adds for this movie made it look like a horror movie. I guess they thought horror flicks are big sellers. Wjatever the case, they were lying.<br />Sleepy Hollow does have a nice location or set. Yeah, it looks cool. The script is not really good but it's not the worst movie I've ever seen. <br />I'm writing this review mainly to sat that, dispite popular belief, it is NOT scary. The parts that are supposed to be &quot;gorry&quot; are pretty cheesy.<br />I would recommend this movie to someone who is bored and looking for a laugh. Don't expect too much.
B000002GYW|5.0|This is my favorite album by the Eagles. It has a simple elegance that is missing on their later efforts. Hotel California also is great but I still rank this one as their best. Maybe I missed something but I always thought the &quot;concept&quot; aspect of this album was to tell the story of a modern rock and roll band in the context of a band of western desperados. Six guns - six strings.
B000059Z8J|5.0|this is how a comic book character should be brought to life. A strong cast. Great special effects (which still hold up well). And a slightly self-mocking sense of humor. Director Richard Donner (Lethal Weapon) was kicked out before completing this movie, but it's a tribute to his abilities none-the-less. Christopher Reeve stepped into the role that had ruined the careers of Kirk Alyn and George Reeves. And while his Clark Kent was a little too broadly played, Superman lived on in his jaw-first portrayal. For those who wondered about the casting of Margot Kidder as Lois Lane, just watch the screen test footage to see why she was chosen.<br />Still a remarkably good movie after all these years.
B00002EPMF|4.0|Ok, let me get this out of the way: I've never listened to a single Death album so I have no idea where Chuck Schuldiner got his ideas from for this &quot;side project.&quot;<br />Whew, ok, on with the review. I popped this disc in knowing that it was allegedly the natural progression from Chuck's main (and now defunct) band, Death. Only he decided to go further down the progressive/technical road and add a cleaned up power metal vocallist to the mix. Well let me tell you...it worked. This is a STRONG album from start to finish. Never having heard him before, I was blown away by Chuck's guitar goddishness (yes, I just made that word up). And if you're lucky enough to be playing this on a decent stereo where you can bring up and isolate the bass, check out Steve DiGorgio's work. It's nothing short of genius, and often is the sheer driving force behind the music. Tim's vocals were to me, an admitted power metal freak, nothing out of the ordinary. They fit the music, which is the real star of this disc. A few of the songs drag a bit, but my attention was kept for at least 95% of the album.<br />&quot;Consumed&quot; is a strong choice to open, showing the band's versatility in traveling seamlessly through thrash, power and then doom metal before heading back to progessive thrash. But for me, &quot;Expect the Unexpected&quot; and &quot;When the Link Becomes Missing&quot; are the standout tracks; simply put, they shred. Not to dis a master like Chuck, but there are some clear early Metallica and Testament sounds sprinkled liberally throughout this disc. THAT'S NOT A BAD THING. And the title track closer is a nice wandering 9+ minute opus that shows a bit of everything they've got. Good stuff.<br />Now that I've gotten this (and liked it lots), I plan on starting with the last Death album and working my way back, so I can see how Chuck got here. As for this album, real good stuff. Get it.
B000007UA4|5.0|This has to be the best Kylie Minogue cd. the standout tracks on the album are the hip hop anthem Word Is Out, the jazzy Give Me Just A Little More Time, the ...funky Too Much Of A Good Thing, and the video mix of Finer Feelings. The album cover/art is fantastic as Kylie look faaaaaabulous is all the pictures. the singles off this album are Word Is Out, If You Were With Me Now, Finer Feelings, and the #1 hit Give Me Just A Little More Time. This is Kylie's most underrated album! Buy it now!
0780631684|3.0|I tend to like a lot of high-brow dramas and foreign films, but I also enjoy a good, exciting thriller. What sets Final Destination above so many high school-set horror films is its original premise. The killer is not some deranged madman or...cheerleader, but Death itself. Another good thing is the production values. The quality of the special effects, the locations and even the actors (they aren't Olivier, but they're believable) is pretty high for this kind of film. The writers and director (Morgan, Reddick and Wong) pay great attention to detail and are good at building tension in the story. Watching the bathroom scene puts my nerves so much on edge that I cannot watch the entire thing with my eyes open. The DVD is nice because it shows the alternate ending, and discusses the screening and previewing process. This is just a fun, but scary movie to watch at home with your folks or some friends. I've seen it a couple of times. My only real complaint about it is the character of Clear Rivers, portrayed by Ali Larter. She came off as kind of cold and maybe creepy. I'm not sure what the deal was with that; I'll have to listen to the director's commentary one of these days.
B000002L80|5.0|Early Talking Heads, for me, well, they were pretty much practicing for the great group-to-be.  Pretty much everything on this CD is up to the exceptionally high standard we now recognize as classic Talking Heads.  There must be at least 20 TH cuts that are in my all time top 50; but in my top 3 cuts for great texture, funkiness, got to hear it again and again, Television Man stands almost alone, joined (for great texture, great funkiness, and so on) by the Neville's Yellow Moon, and Little Feat's Dixie Chicken.  OK, different genres, but the music affects me the same way.  Maybe include Bob Marley's Trenchtown Rock in the same top 3 (?), for the music, and for the words, &quot;One good thing about music, when it hits, you feel no pain&quot; -- that's what I feel about Television Man.
B00003CWL6|1.0|People just loved this movie and I fail to see the point. Is it well done? Yes. Does it have an interesting plot? Maybe. BUT: Its pointless and depressing. Its a mainstream picture trying to be a art film. WHAT WAS THE ACADEMY THINKING??????????
B000059XUI|5.0|&quot;Superman II&quot; and &quot;Superman: The Movie&quot; were originally filmed at the same time. When the Salkinds had a falling out with director Richard Donner, they scrapped most of what he shot for this sequel and had Richard Lester remake it. The problem they had was that Gene Hackman wasn't available for the reshoots, so it becomes somewhat disjointed in those scenes. Other than that, the first sequel is arguably as good as or better than the original. It's a brilliantly conceived film that has it's origins in the opening scene of the first movie. While it does stray into camp at times, it avoid the outright slapstick of &quot;Superman III.&quot;
0345350499|5.0|Once in a while you find a book whose scope is so great, whose world in so alien yet so familiar, and whose prose is so luminous that you cannot stop recommending it to your friends and family. I must have given this book to over a dozen people.<br /><br />Bradley goes through every incident in the Arthur myths from a startlingly original point of view, mixing pagan mysticism with solid historical fiction, which in her hands is unusually potent. I was utterly mesmerised by this book and simply could not put it down, though I enjoyed it so much I wanted it never to end. Best of all, the characters are not the stuff of comic books, but are flesh and blood people full of pyschological conflicts and their sense of duty. But the mysticism is also entirely believable, a parallel world of fairies and priests that become part of your imagination. I remember, for example, the description of the cynical Morgause, using magic for her own purposes of vision, by sacrificing a human to soar over the country and view of the destruction of the invading Saxons. So vivid, so alien, so believable!  There is also a magical world that is becoming more distant from Pagan Britain, whose time of separating from that we experience on Earth that is described in a wonderful hallucinatory rhythm, some of the most powerful fantasy writing I have ever seen.<br /><br />What is also fun are the twists that Bradley gives the characters, which are too numerous and subtle to enumerate. Arthur is not love-lorn but rather disinterested in Guenwifare, whom he marries out of duty and arrangement. Morgaine, the narrator, is a pagan who wants to preserve the good and honorable order from which she comes, rather than a scheming and evil witch. The list goes on.<br /><br />One of the best. Get it.
0590353403|5.0|This was the best book i ever read. I cant wait till i finish the second book to see what Harry's aunt Uncle and Dudley do to him this summer.
B000059HCI|5.0|Words can hardly describe the experience of watching this powerful film. It's about different forms of addiction, and it pulls no punches in its depiction of the inevitable downward spiral of its four main characters. Not only should you see it for the message, but for its cinematic inventivness. Visually, I've never seen anything like it. The cinematography, sound, editing, music and visual FX are top-notch and will blow your mind. The acting honors here go to Ellen Burstyn, who gives an incredible performance as the poor, naiive Sarah Goldfarb. Watching her deterioration (both mentally and physically) is heart-wrenching. Burstyn gets great support from the rest of the cast as well, particularly Jared Leto and Jennifer Connelly. Also, those familiar with Marlon Wayans' comedy roles will be very surprised with his subtle, convincing portrayal of enterprising heroin addict Tyrone. Director Darren Aronofsky has created one of the best films of the new century; I can't wait to see what he does next. The last 20 minutes of this wonderful, haunting film will leave you breathless. A must-see.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I cried. I have not cried during a movie since I was 5 years old. This is the single most powerful film ever. After watching it, I was totally shaken and could do nothing for the rest of the day. I didn't sleep. This is a brilliant and harrowing film that no other film can touch. But I never want to see it again. I don't want to feel like I felt ever again. This is the saddest, scariest film ever.
B000059HCI|5.0|Its a crime that this film didn't win best screenplay, best director, best picture, best actor, and best actress at this years Oscars.
B000000Y87|5.0|Bill Evans led this trio to new heights in jazz:  not only does it have the depth of classical music - you can listen to it 1,000 times and still get more out of it - but it has the spontaneous chemistry of the very best jazz.  THis group performs with flawless grace, so attuned are the members to eachother.<br />This was the first CD by Evans that I bought, and except for the other ones he did with the same members, it is the best.  What a tragedy that Paul La Faro died in an accident!  It represents the pinnacle of Evans' career, before he descended into addiction and decline.  We will never know what might have been.
B00005B36H|5.0|Wow.  Unbelievable.  After you listen to it a few times, you are totally sucked into it.  I applaud Tool on this masterpiece... I loved it so much that i learned &quot;Parabol&quot; and &quot;Parabola&quot; on guitar the first day I got the CD.  It's been in my CD player ever since.  Go out and buy it, now!
0780626494|5.0|This is a great DVD to own for a great date... it's very funny, light humor that we all can relate to; sure to get a laugh from all!  This was on TV yesterday, and my sister pointed it out; I fell in love with this movie instantly, and today I picked up the DVD.  It's really very cool to see how family values of the 60s would relate to those values of today (well, the 90s).<br />[Only thing is they need some of The Smashing Pumpkins on the soundtrack (but that's just my own personal desire!).]
0786915749|5.0|When my eyes first fell upon this book, the title itself made me extremely curious. On further sight of the artwork on the cover i was hungry to look inside. After finishing the boook, my fingers were still trembling. My heart was beating fast and i was having problems controlling my urge to read the book again, to make sure i had read everything and not missed anything out. In my mind i was thinking 'This book is absolutely brilliant-I WANT MORE!' You might think this a little extreme, but any one else who has read it, thinks the same. It simply is [\\"that good\\"]  The authors place you in a world that seems so real, that after reading the book, youd be able to fully illustrate it within your mind in great detail. The characters within the book are wonderfully constructed, each one being entirely different, yet you can relate to each one as if they were real people. Each one has a different story, a different attitude towars life, but they never seem out of place with each other. Their relationships with each other during their advntures brings you closer to them, so you feel for them when something doesnt go right. Emotionally you will FEEL for these characters, which is a trait any good book needs to make you do. Sadness, Anger, happiness, laughter, are but some of the emotions you will feel as you travel with them. The fluidity of the writing is also a point need to be raised when reading the book. The style of writing of these authors is  themost fluid i have ever read. It never falters, never has too much detail or words too complicated that it breaks up a sentence. You will never want to put the book down, EVER once you start reading it. Their is great attention to detail, especially towards Raistlin and affliction and the interaction between him and Caramon, his twin brother, is beautifully written aswell.  Lastly Tasslehoff Burrfoot, who is perhaps the best character within he book is by far the best character ever developed in a book. Buy it, borrow it, whatever you do just read it!
B00005B36H|5.0|first of all unlike what the editorial review said this is not their third album, it's their fourth. The site even shows that Opiate, Undertow and Aenima are all by tool. I think the reviewers should really do their research before writing something. This cd is great as with all other tool albulms. If you like tool then get Mer de Noms by A Perfect Circle. Maynard is cool and nobody will ever the same emotions into a song.
B00003CXS4|5.0|This new Fast, Funny, Violent movie from Guy Ritchie, director from Lock Stock and 2 Smoking Barrels is great. This movie had some more budget, and you can see that in the movie. More action, and bigger actors like Dennis Farina, Benicio del Toro and Brad Pitt. Also Vinnie Jones is back as Bullet-Tooth-Tony (the name says enough). Snatch is a bit darker than Lock, Stock, but has some great scenes you will never forget.
B000059T1E|5.0|As I mentioned in another review - Traffic's &quot;When The Eagle Flies&quot;- this recording &quot;sold me&quot; on Traffic in the early 70's. Steve Winwood's unabashed reverence for Ray Charles was &quot;tempered&quot; by his &quot;ENGLISH SIDE&quot;, and the mixture of his love for American Jazz/R &amp; B and Traditional English sounds is the secret of Traffic's success here. The Ray Charles influence in &quot;Glad&quot; soon becomes the more &quot;Anglo-Jazzy&quot; &quot;Freedom Rider&quot;- and the title song is an Old English folksong regaling the fermented brew! There was a time in rock musics history that Stevie Winwood when musics were creative, and  the 3 Traffic releases--&quot;John Barleycorn&quot; , &quot;Low Spark...&quot;, and &quot;When the Eagle Flies&quot; are great examples. Jazzy, thoughful melodies with competent musical execution ( though Jim Capaldi wasnt the drummer to set the world afire, and Chris Wood's flute playing was pleasantly adequate, his SAX performances were &quot;borderline&quot;,a t best..) Traffic was  RELIEF from the 3 chord miasma of rock &quot;guitar hero boredom&quot;. Clapton, for example should have thanked his lucky star when Winwood agreed to form &quot;Blind Faith&quot; group (look at the  drivel he churns up now as a stodgy middle aged rock relic- Winwood was &quot;the guy&quot; from that era in England, I believe . As for the other reviewer comparing the traffic cd to PHISH &amp; the DEAD- this cd wasnt the extended jamfest he alludes to, cant figure out what he was referring to.The other cd, &quot;Low Spark&quot; , of course, featured the &quot;endless piano solo that goes nowhere&quot;(the title track, of course). And here the solo never developes at all, just meanders and takes up valuable listening time, much as many of the Dead's &quot;jams&quot;, and I have to be honest, I dont listen to Phish, dont much LIKE 'EM! Buy it, you will love this cd!
0783117388|5.0|With merely twelve episodes, this set is almost as much of a tease as Mr. Big.<br />Discussing everything from size to shoes, from prostitution to parties, from Fendi to, uh, well, a word you can't use on Amazon, the four heorines of this HBO series are worth every penny.<br />Despite the fact that it's sometimes shocking, sometimes raw, sometimes just shameless, the show is hilarious and heartfelt.  Carrie Bradshaw, the main character, will be familiar to women everywhere as the not-quite-secure grown woman who hangs on too hard and too long to Mr. Thinks-He's-Right, and her friends Samantha, Miranda, and Charlotte are readily familiar as the ..., man-hater, and hopeless romantic respectively.  We already know them, even if you've never seen the show before... buying the DVDs is like having your friends over whenever you want to dish with them.<br />For men, I can't imagine they wouldn't enjoy the opportunity to hear what women REALLY think, even if they're not as outspoken as this quartet.<br />If you buy it, I'm sure you won't regret it.
B00003CXFG|5.0|Excellent movie!  Spine tingling, edge of your seat action.  This movie is worth every penny.  Diesel is awesome!
B00003CXSP|5.0|It seems to me as if critics do not like this movie for its bloody content or its hype. But let's face it, this is &quot;Hannibal Lecter&quot; did you think that it would be like a trip to Disney? The game of cat and mouse keeps the movie going, adding suspense. And as you know any movie with a depraved serial killer needs gore as well as art and Hopkins certainly provides that. I thought that Moore's acting was as dry as a cactus. She ment more time busting &quot;Drumgo&quot; than Hopkins eluding her with snares. Besides the dryness the only other flaw would be that Hopkins doesn't seem to have a point to his killings. In my opinion this version is far better, as in the last, Hopkins was in a cell the entire movie!
B00005AQE8|5.0|First of all, Tupac Shakur was the greatest rapper and poet ever. His death is questionable and can be used to sell records. But this sold about 8 million. Every Tupac fan must have &quot;All Eyez on me&quot;.If you haven't , you're in luck because the remastered version includes the &quot;California Love&quot; video.              This is probably the greatest album to show how West coast music is really like. Most double albums have many fillers like &quot;Life after death&quot;.But this is an exception. Don't you love an album where you don't have to skip tracks, this is what every hip hop fans need. Beats and music have a Westcoast 2pac vibe through the album though each song is an individual masterpiece.<br />      You will love &quot;2 of americaz most wanted&quot;&amp;&quot;California love&quot; as well as most songs.It's hard to describe how much of a diamond this album is. Be real and buy this album soon because it will sell out.       R.I.P.  Tupac Shakur 1971-1996
B00004XOWM|4.0|First of all i want to say that i expected much more of this album, and of course, the band.  Why???, because if you listened very well this cd you could noticed that some of the background music was very repetitive; the lyrics were just fine, but the music it's something out of place.  Also, in comparisson with the other to albums, i can say this was a little more softer than the other two, that were more stronger in music and lyrics.  But let me think this was just a little fall ,and that in their next producion they'll be more interested in the fans and making a better album.
B00004VXF2|5.0|This isn't music, although some reviews here paint various pretty soundscapes of imagery. This is 64 minutes of electonic feedback noises. According to legend, Lou owed RCA records one more album on his contract. Being displeased with the label he decided to give them not only one - but two records to seal the deal! The records are unlistenable in the realm of &quot;music&quot; but serve as great background noise, much in the way &quot;snow&quot; on television was great to snooze to on the sofa, drooling on the cushion back in the day when TV actually signed off the air after the late late show ended and we saluted the flag as the National Anthem was played! God Bless America! Anyway, Lou basically told RCA where to go with his bold statement of his final album of their contract and like a soldier who dives belly-first onto a grenade to save a few buddies, Lou took the risk of career suicide to stifle the enemy - Big Record Industry. I guess that makes Lou a true patriot and deserves your attention. If this review sounds memorial, it's because it's being written on Memorial Day, 2001.
0679746048|4.0|Although the plot of this book was at times hard to follow because it kept skipping around, i thought  overall it was a good book. Susanna Kaysen did an excellent job of depicting reality. The book contains  many short chapters. However each chapter is packed with a lot to think about and discuss. This book  provided me the opportunity to find out about someone else's life. I also found it more interesting to read  about someone's actual experience in dealing with borderline personality disorder, than to read an  informational book about it. Girl, Interrupted not only provided me with basic information but it was  enjoyable learning. It also showed how it affected a person. This story made me realize that the people  who are in places like McLean are real people, who have emotions and feelings. Whose lives were  interrupted by whatever disorder they were diagnosed with.
0767830555|5.0|Taxi Driver is Martin Scorsese's directorial masterpiece.  DeNiro plays Travis Bickle, an ex-marine turned taxi driver walking the fine line of madness.  Bickle is a man disgusted with the world around him, and he feel powerless to change it.  Travis feels removed from everything and wants nothing more to be a &quot;real person, like other people.&quot;  He fails at every attempt he makes to be &quot;normal&quot; and the audience follows along with him.  Scoresese forces some sympathy for Bickle and at the same time keeps us on edge, because we know Bickle walks a dark path.  I'll not risk ruining the movie for first time viewers.  But, Taxi Driver is a must-see for those that don't mind being shocked or disturbed.
B000002HRE|4.0|i know most metallica fans were really disappointed at the sound of reload and load...i dont think its that bad, actually. i mean, duh, the older cd's from kill em all-black album were great, but reload and load were good too, give the guys a break.  I don't think ya'll realize this but like Lars said, metallica doesn't have a single album that sounds like another.  That's the good thing.  Metallica would be a defunct band by now if they didn't release load and reload.  i mean, when kill em all came out, did you want the albums after that to have to same, premature voice James had in the start? i dont think so.  Imagine every album sounding just like master of puppets. same style, same lyric styles, same beat, same everything. Admit it people, you'd be a fan for the first few albums, but it gets really borrring and monotonous after hearing the same thing over and over again.  That's why Metallica's the gods of metal in the first place. did you actually expect them to earn that name with only thrash metal?  Give Load and Reload a break.  They're both great albums, though the guys DID screw around with the mixing a bit too much.  its still metallica
B00004VXF2|5.0|This isn't music, although some reviews here paint various pretty soundscapes of imagery. This is 64 minutes of electonic feedback noises. According to legend, Lou owed RCA records one more album on his contract. Being displeased with the label he decided to give them not only one - but two records to seal the deal! The records are unlistenable in the realm of &quot;music&quot; but serve as great background noise, much in the way &quot;snow&quot; on television was great to snooze to on the sofa, drooling on the cushion back in the day when TV actually signed off the air after the late late show ended and we saluted the flag as the National Anthem was played! God Bless America! Anyway, Lou basically told RCA where to go with his bold statement of his final album of their contract and like a soldier who dives belly-first onto a grenade to save a few buddies, Lou took the risk of career suicide to stifle the enemy - Big Record Industry. I guess that makes Lou a true patriot and deserves your attention. If this review sounds memorial, it's because it's being written on Memorial Day, 2001.
0385501560|5.0|If you would like to have your belief structures and social conventions challenged by one of the best new voices around, I highly recommend this book.  If you want to be spoon-fed conventional blubber, stick with the bestseller list.      By his fourth novel, Choke, Palahniuk further refines themes suggested in his earlier books, while employing new (and to an extent previously taboo) subjects as the context within which his slightly-off characters frolic and suffer to our delight.  Vincent Mancini, the protagonist of Choke, wrestles with such of life's little complications as sexual addiction, Alzheimer's Disease, and the emotional need for validation, salvation and personal transformation.  Those who enjoyed Invisible Monsters, Fight Club and/or Survivor will find familiar comfort in Palahniuk's sound-bite linguistic style, which frantically drives the book toward whatever conclusion is in store.  I read the book in two sittings, insatiably curious as to how (and if) the pieces fit together.        My thanks to Chuck Palahniuk for making life a little more . . . err . . . interesting.  Here's to hoping that he is presently scheming away at a new novel.
B00005B36H|5.0|Having browsed a few of the other reviews posted I felt the urge to bag on some of the so-called Tool elitists. Sorry guys, but Tool did not set out to create Aenima part II. I can't believe so many of you are dissappointed. I think you guys understimate both the skill level of Aenima and the level of Lateralus. Aenima quite possibly will go down in rock history on the same level of Dark Side of the Moon and London Calling, it's that good.  Laterulas is not that album, it is something different, something wonderful. The Grudge all by itself is worth the $...I plunked down on this thing. Then you throw in Ticks and Leaches, the brilliant instrumental Triad, and the catchy bass lines on Schism and you just might have the best album of the year. Tool elitists, ...accept that Tool has moved to a different place. I just hope they can get another album a bit quicker than this one.
0425152251|3.0|Sophie's World is a good book for people who are new to philosophy.  But the characters are really unrealistic (especially Sophie- who's heard of a teen girl who learns philosophy within hours, and analyzes it constantly? I mean, she must be either really bored with her life to be doing this, or just really hopeless)  The plot is actually cool, if it was written in a different format.  The ending does not relate to anything philosophical at all, the characters are undeveloped, everything seems fake, but nevertheless, it was a decent book (yeah, i admit i didn't really know anything about philosophy beofre this)
B00003CXLG|5.0|When I went to see The Grinch, I just expected it to be a cute kid's movie. But, it was more than that. I found it to be very enjoyable and heart warming, really putting you in the Christmas spirit. I was amazed at the makeup work and the costumes and scenery. It was just out of this world! I didn't want the movie to end, and have anxiously awaited the release of The Grinch on DVD. This is a movie for all ages and will be instantly adored by anyone that has a heart!
B00000055E|5.0|2Pac's Album R U Still Down?,[Remember Me] released in 1997 is a must have for any Tupac Shakur fan. Along with his previously released double album, All Eyez on Me(1996), R U Still Down?[Remember Me] is also an excellent addition to a comsumer's Audio CD collection. RIP Tupac &quot;Makaveli&quot; Amuru Shakur. We will never forget you....
B000001EAQ|4.0|Much better to hear now--All That Cant Leave Behind sounds so dull and tired compared to this album (which I too hated upon release). If you really want to hate a U2 album---just listen to &quot;Lemon&quot; off of Zooropa a few times--that is the true nadir of U2.
0790736039|5.0|Most of my classmatesafter seeing this movie are now afriad of clowns that is how scary it is. if you are under 13 I strongly suggest you parents not to let them watch it because they will have nightmares for months.IT is the clown who haunts these kids who grow up to try to [get rid of] it. do they [get rid of] and I don't want to tell you because i'll ruin the movie for you. if you are a horror film goer i recomend you watching this and buying it all right. i am ... and i love horror films and my parents can't stand them and this is the one they get scared in the most. so buy this movie and you will not regret it.
B00004X01U|5.0|Madona is a great artist and her latest CD proves it. I thought her newest CD was exeptionally good. I really liked her hits &quot;Music&quot; and &quot;Don't Tell Me.&quot; But besides that, she's a good artist and so is her CD.
0380730367|5.0|Excellent, fast paced and witty dialogue.  Great plot.
B00003CXDV|3.0|This film is a funny film in it`s own right, but to a long term sci fi fan who has avoided the depths of nerdyness by keeping away from the treky conference circuit. this hits the target. If you speak Klingon this movie is very definitely for you. ( or maybe about you ? )The only thing wrong is that it isn`t a DVD you are going to watch over &amp; over again, it hasn`t got much repeat appeal and the extra feature of a sound track in Thermian, sounds an amusing idea , but in truth is excruciatingly irritating.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley's sudden death in 1997 was one of the biggest tragedies in modern music. <br />Although who am I to say this?  Along with many other people who have had the pleasure to hear and enjoy this album, I never became a Jeff Buckley fan until after his death.  It may be possible that if he was still alive, I would have never heard this album.  Which would also be tragic. <br />The title of this album says it all.  Pure beauty, from the opening hummed notes of &quot;Mojo pin&quot; to the epic closer &quot;Dream brother&quot;.  Jeff had one of the greatest voices and vocal ranges in the history of music. <br />Don't be fooled into buying the mediocre &quot;Sketches for my sweetheart the drunk&quot; because it is the same price as this, and a double album.  This is just an effort by his mum to try and cash in on her son's death by releasing his unfinished songs before he had the chance to fully complete them. <br />This was the only album Jeff released in his short life.  Sometimes I think about where Jeff could have gone from here.  This will never be answered.  But this album lives on as a legacy to the man with the voice that can melt hearts.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Towards the beginning of the movie I was planning to take it back to Blockbuster and complain about how horrible it was, but as the story of Princess Mononoke progressed, it became more and more fascinating.<br />By the end it had reached into my heart and struck a chord.  Very thought-provoking and allegorical, yet fun, Princess Mononoke is a definite recommendation for anyone who can filter out the polytheistic/panthiestic themes and see the wealth of application, warning, and instruction given in this movie to our generation.  Kudos to everyone involved in this work of art!
0783117388|5.0|I didn't become a SATC addict until mid-way through the second season, during the HBO re-runs, so when the first season came out on VHS, I snapped it up. I wasn't disappointed. In fact, I think the first season is the best, probably because SATC author Candace Bushnell was still working on the series at that point.
B000002UDB|5.0|buy sit back and listen and realize how far ahead they were and still are.
B000006TZ8|5.0|The Jam never really made it big outside the UK.  Unlike their punk peers The Sex Pistols, The Jam were more than just a blast of heavy guitars and meaningless lyrics thrown together to sound good.  The Jam had something deeper to talk about, and they perfected this on &quot;All Mod Cons&quot;, their third and arguably best album. <br />This album is a blast of superb punk intelligence.  Following the brief opening title track, we are led into one of the trio's best songs, &quot;To Be Someone&quot; - a statement from songwriter Paul Weller about the excesses of being a popstar.  We lead straight into &quot;Mr. Clean&quot;, with its classic guitar riff refusing to overpower the brilliance of Weller's lyrics, an attack on the British class system.  We follow with a cover of the Kinks' classic &quot;David Watts&quot;, which despite sounding brilliant, is probably the only song close to a throwaway on the album. <br />The album takes a brief mellow turn here, following with one of Weller's most poignant ballads, &quot;English Rose&quot;.  We head straight back into epic territory with the classic &quot;In the Crowd&quot;, and just before we think the trio are getting soft on us, they blast us away with &quot;Billy Hunt&quot;, yet another character in this marvellous album. <br />Following with a trio of gorgeous pop ballads, we end the album with a duo of songs that show the world that these guys can still rock hard, and make a masterpiece in the process.  &quot;'A' Bomb in Wardour Street&quot; is what I consider the entree to the epic finale, &quot;Down In The Tube Station At Midnight&quot;, arguably the Jam's best lyrical and musical offering ever released.  What makes this song so amazing is how the lyrics have been written to fit the music and the music has been written to fit the lyrics simultaneously.  We are left with a masterpiece that shows extraordinary power both lyrically and musically.  The bass and guitar at the start sets the tension, and the tension is kept at a peak while Weller narrates a tail of bloody violence and fear into the mind of the listener.  By the time it is over (with an extraordinary fade-out and fade-in remniscent of &quot;Some Girls Are Bigger Than Others&quot; by The Smiths), we are left breathless, and gasping for more.  Unfortunately this is where the album decides to end. <br />Many consider &quot;Sound Affects&quot; to be The Jam's best album.  I find that album terribly overrated, and how anybody can possibly rate it above this one is beyond me.  This is the trio at their peak, musically and lyrically.  And in the process they released one of the greatest albums ever made.
B00000J7JO|1.0|I don't know what people are thinking. There is plenty of good music out there waiting for you. Why settle on drivel like this? Possibly because you will appear so hip and now by being seen with it in your cd rack? Does anyone remember when a Flea was something you tried to get out of your pets and Moby was a whale?
0783226888|5.0|Crisp, clean movie.  Suspense kept me on the edge of my seat until the exciting end.  Gere and Willis were both superb in this thriller.  Sometimes suspense is better than lots of &quot;blow-em up action&quot;.  I liked it much better than Die Hard.  The special effects will surprise you and make it much better than the old version.  Somewhat similar to &quot;The Specialist&quot; which is probably Silvester Stallone's best movie.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I never get board with this cd.If you need a pick me up just pop it in the cd and hit play.
B000002UAX|5.0|I have always considered Revolver and Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band to be the most overrated of all Beatles albums.  I guess I can't appreciate what kind of impact these albums had, because they were released in 1966 and 1967, and I was born in 1979.  Revolver is constantly topping polls as being not only the greatest Beatles album of all time, but the greatest album of all time.  And Sgt. Pepper's is always just falling behind. <br />I have always considered this double album, released in 1968, to be the Beatles' masterpiece.  There's a certain degree of irony here, because The Beatles were hardly a collaborative unit by this stage.  John was getting confused because he was growing hair in all sorts of unusual places.  Paul was jealous that his facial hair never quite looked as good as John's.  George was taking this whole Indian thing way too far.  And Ringo, well you can't blame the guy for just being himself. <br />Yes somehow, with all the fighting and copious amounts of drug taking, these four lads from Liverpool released this work of utter genius.  The plain white cover does no justice for the beauty that lies within this 90 minutes of music.  Many bands find it hard to sustain perfection over an entire album.  The Beatles managed to sustain it over a double album of 30 songs. <br />I could do a track-by-track review of these 30 songs, but not even that would give this album justice.  Buy it, listen to it, and be blown away.  This is complete aural brilliance.
6303921248|5.0|I have read the novel and watched movie.  Both the novel and the movie are wonderful.  June Austen is one of my favourite autors.  The characters are fantastic, especially Elisabeth who is my favourite character.  Elisabeth or Lissy is very colourful person. Pride and Prejudice is the movie type of movie that you never get bored watching.
B000059Z8J|4.0|As a massive Superman fan as a kid I was really excited to hear about the Release on DVD. The DVD is Cool. Picture is Good, The Digital sound is Good, The Extras Are Good!! My Only Criticism is the Fact that they did not include all the other extra scenes that were  shown on the Network TV version In California. I saw this when I was younger because one of My friends had it on VHS. Don't know how he got it? That was an Amazing Version, and I expected to see that on the DVD. But still buy this DVD for the Extras and because it's just such a Great Film along with  `Superman II. Shame about III and IV.
B000000OAN|5.0|There's no doubt that Freddie Mercury was one of the most flamboyant rock stars of the 20th century.  His band, Queen, had a fantastic and successful career from the early 70's till Mercury's death in 1991.  Just listen to one of their two greatest hits albums and you'll understand why. <br />This was their 4th album, released in 1975.  It's not only Queen's best album (by a long shot), but one of the greatest rock albums of all time.  We start with a fade-in piano riff, then everything suddenly becomes very loud.  We end up in the depths of one of Queen's most bitter songs, the long-lost classic &quot;Death on two legs (Dedicated to...)&quot;.  We can only guess who this is dedicated to, but whoever it was, Freddie didn't include him in his will. <br />After this breathtaking opener, anything after it will surely sound anti-climatic.  Instead, we follow with one and a half minutes of Queen at their camp best in the hilariously infectious &quot;Lazing on a Sunday afternoon&quot;.  Within the first two songs, we already show the diversity of this brilliant album.  Without time to breathe, we lead into another lost Queen classic &quot;I'm in love with my car&quot;, written and sung by drummer Roger Taylor.  This song was recently used in a car advertisement in Australia, but luckily this didn't destroy it (unlike &quot;Counting the beat&quot; by NZ band The Swingers, which will forever be known as &quot;that damn Kmart song&quot;).  We follow with one of Queen's greatest hits, &quot;You're my best friend&quot;. <br />The rest of the album shows Queen at their eclectic best, ranging from country ('39), powerful epics (The prophet's song), camp whimsy (Seaside rendezvous, Good company), punk (Sweet lady), beautiful balladry (Love of my life).  Did I mention this was a very diverse album? <br />By the time we get to the end of the album, we already know we are on to something special.  The inclusion of &quot;Bohemian rhapsody&quot;, one of the greatest songs of all time,truly takes this album to legendary status. <br />This is proof that Queen were more than just a singles band.  It shows the quartet as a tight-knit outfit capable of anything thrown at them. <br />How a band that sounds as good as this can go on to release such rubbish like &quot;A kind of magic&quot; is beyond me.  I guess the 80's did that do a lot of good talent.
B00005B3Z5|5.0|Queer As Folk is an explosive look at the gay lifestyle as lived in Manchester, England (which is where I actually live and I absolutley love Canal Street). The series was surrounded by a blaze of controversy after the first episode with some of the most graphic, gay scenes shown on British Network Television. The obvious outrage from critics came in the fact that it showed a 29 year gay man having sex with a mere 15 year old. But these situations, however immoral they may seem, do occur and the writers rightly intended to focus on thses subjects. So what emerges are eight grittily realistic episodes with fine blends of comedy mixed in giving it a great balance and these were undoubtedly the ingredients to its smash hit success.<br />The absolutley drop dead gorgeous, Aiden Gillen has the most lengthy role of Stuart Jones. In his startling realistic portrayal he conveys two sides to Stuart - the cocky, arrogant gay man with a chip on his shoulder about being gay, and a side to him that showed that there was just a lonley, screwed up man inside who feared telling his parents and was therefore seemingly blackmailed by his sister. If there were not these two dimensions to the character it possibly would'nt have worked so Aiden Gillen gets top marks for his role although the other two players show their own versatality with Craig kelly as Vince Tyler providing some of the more humorous and lighthearted moments. His fascination with Doctor Who and his continual bad luck when ever he takes a man home for a night of passion are hilarious at times. It's a very likeable and beleavable performance whilst Charlie Hunnam's portrayal of 15 year old Nathan Maloney who had just come out of the closet most likely had a host of young teenagers in the closet idntifying with his character. The character of Nathan is out the closet with a vengeance and is obviously still confused but is seemingly desperate to ease his way into the gay scene. Notably other good performances comes from Carla Henry as Nathans loyal friend, Donna, who raises a smile with her feel good factor and Denise Black as Vince's fun loving, down to earth mother, Hazel Tyler. She is also an essential part of the series who provides a lot of the laughs.<br />The first four episodes of the series is a lot of fun and games although it has a darker undertone where the character, Phil, overdoses on heroin whilst the funeral of Phil that takes place in episode 4 is played out almost like black comedy. The second half of the series seems to settle down into storylines that build to the final such as centering on vince's relationship with an  Aussie business man, played by Peter 'O Brian. <br />Writer Russell T Davies strikingly realistic view of the gay lifestyle is immpecable and that is complimented by the great team of actors involved and as far as i'm concerned if people are that outraged by it then 1) Why watch it in the first place and 2) If they're offended then its simple - just switch channels!! It was a very welcome and pleasant change to have a series focusing on the lives of gay men especially tp a series that seemed overly accurate. Any gay man will be able to identify with one of the characters and this is where a lot of the enjoyment comes in.<br />However Quuer As Folk 2 pales slightly in comparison to the first series. It's a two part special concluding the series and there are some fine moments and performances are great but the gritty realism that was part of the first series is slightly lost and the ending where Stuart and Vince finally get together is great as fantasy but you can't truly believe in it. Adequate is the best way of describing the sequel but the first series is a masterpiece and a true classic, accompanied by a sizzling soundtrack. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!
B0000009OU|5.0|Declan Patrick McManus (as he was known to his parents) is a genius.  This album, released in 1978, was his second album, and his first with his backing band The Attractions.  What a mighty fine album it was back then.  And what a mighty fine album it is today. <br />Being a huge Elvis fan (I'll confess, I've even bought a pair of prescription glasses which are Elvis-esque), choosing my favourite Elvis album is like trying to choose a favourite child.  I know this is a typical album review cliche, but it's a serious dilemma, simply for the fact that he has released so many brilliant albums.  Imperial bedroom, Trust, King of America, all superb albums in their own right. <br />I see This Year's Model as Elvis' real debut album.  His debut &quot;My aim is true&quot; had its fair share of superb moments (Red shoes, Alison, I'm not angry) but I always felt it was a practice for what he achieved here.  Even though this is Elvis' heaviest and most punk-influenced album, his music doesn't fit into the category of traditional punk.  For a start, Elvis can sing.  His lyrics are highly original and out of this world.  He has a vision.  He knows what he wants to say and he says it. <br />Did I mention how good it all sounds?  &quot;The beat&quot; is one of Elvis' most infectious pop-punk offerings.  &quot;Living in paradise&quot; starts with one of his best guitar riffs and only goes up from there.  &quot;Lip service&quot; is foot-tapping heaven.  &quot;This year's girl&quot; has one of Elvis' best sentiments in a perfect 3 minute pop song.  And I haven't even mentioned the brilliantly executed singles &quot;Pump it up&quot;, &quot;(I don't want to go to) Chelsea&quot; and the superb stand-alone single &quot;Radio, radio&quot; which has been added as a bonus track on the re-issue of this CD. <br />Who needs Elvis impersonators?  The real Elvis is alive on this album, and he has never sounded better.
B000002NJS|5.0|After a four year gap between her last studio album which was the R and B influenced, Bedtime Sories (1994), she returned with the best ever album of her career to date which was produced by herself and William Orbitt.<br />The album is a fascinatingly unique piece of work with Madonna abandoning her previous pop style for an album full of techno/dance tunes that are all hauntingly atmospheric and are at Madonna's most adventurous. The album opens with the smooth sounds of Drowned World/Substitute For Love and Swim which are both magnificent. She then packs in a fantastic performance on the rip roaring title track, ray Of Light which by far is one of her best ever dance orientated tracks. Candy Perfume Girl features bizarre synchronised sounds which steers into a startling combination of techno, indie and Rock. The highlights of the album come in the next three tracks with the storming techno sounds of Skin, the mega hit Nothing Really Matters and the absolutley outstanding, Sky Fits Heaven. Shanti/Ashtangi has an out and out Indian sound and is curiously compelling at that but the haunting, Frozen, is another one of the albums major highlights along with the truly touching, The Power Of Goodbye. The album goes mellower and mellower with To Have And Not to Hold and Little Star (which is the albums only real let down) and finally ends with Mer Girl.<br />This album was an enormous hit and was rightly critically acclaimed. Unique and very creative. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!  ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS OF THE 1990's!!
